“Do you?” Tony pressed, the question coming out a little more sharply than he’d intended, but Steve just stared at him for a moment before nodding and tucking the folder of papers under his arm.  “Gentlemen, let’s get this party started, shall we?” Tony asked without waiting for an answer.
“Interesting,” Tony said noncommittally.
The non sequitur caught Steve off-guard for a moment before his mind found the thread of conversation.  They were back to the tie thing as if they hadn’t been discussing attempted murder and international terrorism.
.  Everything,” Steve continued, the words coming out faster now.  They would have sounded bitter on anyone else, but from Steve, they just sounded horrifyingly true.  “Everything was loud and wrong, and no one seems to realize it.  And then there was you.”
“You, too,” Tony replied, twisting where he stood, as he realized just how true that was.
“He push—drove, well, sort of—drove my car off a cliff.  In a nice way, though,” Tony said quickly as Jarvis’s face pulled a shocked and concerned look.  “Because I thought it was because of the—the thing, you know.  I thought the car was like a, ah…”
“Nothing too…you know,” Steve amended with a slight frown, grabbing a towel for his waist.
“Sure, that would be great,” Steve responded, and started to ask Tony about anything SI might have on file to contribute to the project, considering all the prior decades worth of involvement with the military, when he noticed Tony’s face fall momentarily, then recover and the shine, as Steve liked to think of it, was back on, that part of Tony that was all glamour and grin, nothing real.  Steve hated it, but understood its usefulness.  He just wished Tony wouldn’t feel the need to use it around him.
“Like the punching bag,” Steve replied, though the sound of it was odd, like he was testing the words.
Who happened to be on missions with Steve.  Whatever.
“It seemed like the moment for an ah,” Jarvis replied, giving Tony a quick smile as he checked the kettle.  “MIT.  That’s quite the prestigious school, isn’t it?”
He forced himself not to sprint down the hall to Tony’s private office.  He needed to think.  Figure out what he would say.  That Stane was plotting against Tony, still?  That he offered to arrange Steve’s transport home?  What kinds of questions would that admission hasten? He was so caught up in his thoughts, he rounded the hallway corner and almost walked right into the open door in front of him before Rhodes’ voice halted him in his tracks.
Except…
“I love you, too, Tony,” Steve said, voice warm and thrumming around Tony as he stepped around the counter and pulled him closer.
Steve shook his head.  “You don’t owe me anything for telling you the truth, Tony. That’s not how this works.”  Tony’s hand slipped away, falling to a fist at his side.  Steve reached for it and brought it up to his face again, placing his own hand over Tony’s.  A grim smile flattened Tony’s mouth, but he held his hand still against Steve’s cheek for a long moment.
Steve turned around and braced each leg on one side of Tony again, but facing forward.  He could feel Tony’s hard cock pressing against his backside and pushed himself up a bit into a better position. He reached behind him and spread himself apart until he felt the head of Tony’s cock rubbing against his rim, catching lightly on the puckered skin there as he rocked his hips up and down.
By the time the bus dropped him off in front of the facility, it was mid-morning, and his mom was already having a physical therapy session in her room.  He watched as the therapist moved her legs, stretching various muscle groups as he went.  His mom was largely unresponsive, though there were times when he thought he saw her eyes focus on the therapist, at least for a moment.  The doctors had already told him not to expect miracles, that these things took time, years, really, and even then, that she would never be close to the person she was before, but he couldn’t help the rush of disappointment.  It wasn’t realistic, he knew, but after all of this, after everything he’d done, there was some part of him that desperately wanted to walk in here and find some piece of the woman he loved had fallen back into place.  After her therapy, the nurses changed her bedding and nutrition bag, emptied her catheter and did the other tasks that she could no longer do for herself.  Was it really only a couple of months ago she’d called him and told him she was saving to go to Disneyland?
“That’s because I’m in denial,” Steve replied evenly to Tony’s surprised bark of laughter. “Yep. Just embracing the fugue of denial,” Steve reiterated with a nod. “Look, I’m terrified, too, Tony,” he continued quietly, like he was sharing a secret, and maybe he was, Tony considered. “We’re going to have the responsibility of raising a child. I think that’s the only rational state of mind. But, I’m not worried about the you and me part of it, and if we get that right, we’ve got a pretty good head start on not screwing up too badly.”
Steve wasn’t breathing, and Steve was bleeding, even now, hours since the crash, even with the serum, and none of this could be happening because they’d joked, and Tony had teased, and Steve had made him a bandage and gotten that stupid little fire going somehow, and they’d played twenty questions and Tony hadn’t thought to ask if Steve was dying and they were having the ravioli Steve liked, so none of this could be happening.
It was strong, Steve knew that much.  Not just the pieces of wreckage it occasionally raised from the deep, but it had managed to drag Steve himself to safety.  Not just its arms, which were bulky enough to suggest the strength there, but those tentacles were nimble and powerful at the same time. Able to pick bits of shell from the sea floor and lift large pieces of flotsam it found and brought to shore for Steve to use in what was becoming an admittedly ramshackle home of sorts.
“Where do you think this ends?” Bucky asked, standing up and moving between Steve and the door.  “I’ll tell you. It ends with you getting hurt when this guy gets tired of playing house and moves on, that’s where it ends.”
“I’m testing a theory,” Tony replied.  He was surprised at how steady his voice sounded.  He walked up to where Steve stood, grabbed on to Steve’s arms for leverage and leaned up on his tiptoes, pressing his mouth to Steve’s.
“Stay where you are,” Steve ordered.  “I’ll be there in a few minutes.  Fifteen tops.”
Hearing him talk about the Tesseract, that was...something else.  Something beyond just the plain kind of smart. Tony was clearly more than just someone with a hobby out there dabbling in robotics.  He was like
Tony clucked his tongue approvingly, then grinned at Steve, wagging his eyebrows up and down.  “This is something I know well,” he agreed, and tossed the sponge at Steve’s face.  Steve caught it one-handed, and glared at Tony, who held his hands up in submission and backed away, sending water cascading over the sides of the tub.  “Your King?  You would not dare,” Tony challenged, then laughed as Steve pushed himself up off the tub’s ledge and moved across the tub in one, quick stride, brushing his chest against Tony’s and pinning him against the back of the tub, an arm braced on either side.  “Okay, fine,
He kissed Steve again, deeper, his tongue plundering, taking, using as his mouth roved over Steve’s. He tasted wickedly obscene, and Steve supposed he did, too, with Tony’s seed still coating his tongue. His throat throbbed distantly, a constant ache underlying the kiss. Everything hurt, it seemed, but in a good way, a way that meant he felt everything. Every touch, every stroke, the pressure of Tony’s mouth, his hands digging into Steve’s body where he pleased, cupping his ass and pulling him apart to expose his abused hole, the rough scrabble of his beard on Steve’s sore lips,
Jesus Christ, Steve thought, trying to swallow past the lump in his throat.  What the hell was Tony playing at? Doing that with---at his age—with some stranger who just happens to stumble into the room?  Who could be anyone? Who could…could just…take advantage? Steve wanted to tell him to stop. Quit playing or—or joking or whatever he was doing.  He couldn’t seem to get any words out though, so he just stared, realizing at some point that his mouth was hanging open and snapped it shut.
“Uh,” Tony began articulately, because he had been prepared for a lot of things, but not, as it turned out, for Steve to simply give in.  “You have to have them notarized,” Tony said, feeling suddenly stupid.
“You’ll have to tell me all about it over dinner. The gala, I mean,” Maria replied, falling back to her usual foxhole of inane conversation when things got awkward.
He made his way out of the circle of camp where the small fire’s smoke curled lazily above it. One of the horses, Audi, he thought, flicked his ears at him as he passed, huffing out a warm breath that hung on the cold night air.  He squatted down next to the stream and splashed cold water onto his face, then lay the waterbag into the flow, letting it fill and stretch the skin of the bag.  Steve glanced back at the camp again, but no one stirred, so he stood and stepped through the stream to the other side, not quite sure where he was going, but not ready to return just yet.  He finally came to a halt by a large, thick-trunked oak, with limbs that sprawled and curved low with their own weight then reached up again as they thinned.  He leaned back against the rough bark, feeling the ridges that laced up and down the trunk press between his shoulders.  He let his eyes fall shut, then snapped them open when he heard the crunch of undergrowth behind him.  He squinted into the darkness, finally catching movement from the direction he had come.
Tony rolled his eyes.
“You’ve no idea how much it meant to me to hear your words,” Tony said, voice wavering and tight with some emotion Steve couldn’t identify.  His eyes were wide, wet and filled with a wretched misery that made Steve’s heart thud against his chest, a denial springing to his lips before Tony spoke words he didn’t want to hear, though he couldn’t quite let it out.  “Steve…” Tony broke off, shaking his head, brow furrowing into a frown as his mouth tightened.  His hands spasmed against Steve’s jaw, fingers digging in almost hard enough to be painful.  Clutching, grasping, trying to hold on. Almost, Steve thought, though it wafted through his mind like empty air through his fingers.    “I will make you happy, keep you safe, see you free from want and strife.  We will make this realm better, you and I.  Together. I see that as clearly as I see you before me.  You will challenge me, anger me, make me laugh, and make me think.  You will do all of these things, and I will lay the world at your feet in return,” Tony promised, gazing up at him, eyes burning hard with the force of it.  Tony’s hands dropped away, and he stepped back, putting the distance of the tub between them.  He reached for the towel again and dried his hands, keeping his eyes down while he completed the task.   Finally, he looked back up at Steve. “I know all of these things.  As surely as I know that you will never love the man who asks you to call him Master.”
“So, you’re the right thing?  Hmmm…well, that’s good to hear,” the woman said.  The Stairmaster beeped to a halt and lowered and slowed, until she was barely climbing, while Steve finished adding the weights he wanted.  “You see a lot of people come out here and do something stupid without really thinking it through.  I mean, you’re in Vegas, having a good time, people drink a bit too much, suddenly, you’re married to someone named Franco by a midget in a pirate costume, you know what I mean?”
“Man, just take the coffee and run.  Stark normally only disavows his coffee if a virgin buries a potato on a hill under a full moon,” Clint muttered, scooting off the stool to grab a mug off the counter.  “Get it while you can.”
“Steve…” she started, and he could tell her guard was up and she was being cautious now, “Steve, Stark didn’t care about the money.  He said I could send Cirque du Soleil to Hammer and put it on his tab.”
“Look, do you want to explain to her that you left that giraffe thing she played with one time but now wants more than anything on earth back at the house?  I didn’t think so,” Tony said at Steve’s sigh.  He hefted Lily a little higher on his hip and looked back at the house.  He was probably forgetting something, but it wasn’t like the cabin was truly in the wilderness or anything.  He’d walked across a desert. He could make it two nights away from home with a baby.  “Should we bring the swing?  I think we should bring the swing.  She likes the swing.”
He couldn’t say what he felt, the moment was too new, too surreal to really capture it.  He was standing naked in a stranger’s living room while the same stranger’s eyes looked him over from head to toe.  Embarrassed, definitely.  He knew he was blushing all over at this point.  It should be humiliating, probably, but there was something about the way Tony was studying him, brown eyes drinking him in, moving over his body and back again, and he knew this, whatever this was, clearly wasn’t meant as a degradation.  Still, it took all his will power to keep his hands fisted at his sides instead of trying to cover himself, regain some semblance of modesty.  But this was what Tony had asked for, though his reasons escaped Steve.  Though he was standing naked in front of Tony, it felt less invasive somehow than the incident in the limo with Mr. Hammer.  Maybe that it had been a request made all the difference.
“Thought maybe you weren’t coming,” Rhodey said, pulling open the door and sliding into the seat while Tony climbed behind the wheel.
“Sit tight.  I’ll just be a minute,” Steve replied, smiling at him as he closed the door and walked over to where Coulson was standing next to the side of the red convertible with his arms at his sides, head canted towards the sky like he was curious about the weather.   Tony desperately wanted to roll down his window and try to hear what they were saying, but he assumed the admonition to sit tight included not eavesdropping.  He rubbed his hands together, balling them over and over, and stared at the crumpled pieces of metal railing that were not bowed outward.
“Truly?” Cam asked, sitting up.  “You are not jesting with me?”
“No, you don’t, you’re just the rock-eating kind of stubborn,” Tony objected, grabbing it from Steve’s fingers and flinging it into the trees where it bounced against something with a hard thunk. “Great.  I think I killed Clint.  Happy now?”
, he told himself firmly.
“Occupied,” Tony managed to garble out.  At least, he thought that was what he said.  By the looks the two interlopers gave him, he wasn’t one-hundred percent sure.  His tongue seemed to want to stick to the roof of his mouth instead of forming words.  “I’m here,” he tried instead, lifting his head just a bit.  They stared down at him, almost like they couldn’t see him or couldn’t figure out where the voice was coming from, and he had a sudden moment of complete terror where he legitimately wondered if he was really here.  Thankfully, the couple seemed to notice him then, and muttered apologies before swiftly shutting the door and moving on down the hallway to door number two.
“Tony,” Steve called out with soft urgency, though what he meant to say, he had no idea.
“You ordered a pound of crickets,” Steve repeated, a broad smile splitting his face.
Many of you probably don't remember it, but there was a movie called Frequency that featured a father and son communicating via a cross-time radio link.  I thought that was a neat idea for Steve and Tony.  I'm not sure what, if anything, I'll do with this, since I have two WiPs going as it is, but the plot bunny wouldn't leave me alone until I wrote something.
“Let’s get this party started,” Tony said with a practiced grin.  Steve held the door open for him, and Tony brushed past, then stood on the stoop while Steve locked up.  “Niiiiiiiice,” Tony whistled, nodding at the limousine that Happy had managed to maneuver up to the cabin.
It was an incredible amount of freedom, this routine they’d fallen into.  He wasn’t oblivious to how unusual the whole situation was for him.  To be left alone, to be trusted, to not have to constantly try to be perfect.  He could spend all day in his garage, and Steve didn’t say a thing about it, just went on doing whatever it was Steve did during the day.  Fixing up the cabin.  Going for runs or hikes.  Reading. Chopping firewood.  Painting disturbing panoramic swirls of blues and blacks that looked like something you should put at the bottom of a well in hopes a demonic child having a really bad hair day will crawl out.  Your basic mountain cabin life stuff.
Tony felt something inside him break at Steve’s words.  He let his eyes fall shut again, then opened them and drew in a deep, shuddering breath.
Dinner was an unfortunate rabbit who ran afoul of one of Tony’s traps and a fat squirrel that Dummy managed to corner, along with some nuts and berries from Tony’s pack. By the time they curled up on the furs inside the lean-to, Tony was full and his feet aching, but too restless to sleep. He pulled Steve to him as soon as Steve laid down, pressing their mouths together, his hands scabbering for the ties of Steve’s breeches. Steve laughed into his mouth, kissed him harder, then pulled back and pushed himself up to his knees, shrugging off his tunic as he did.
Deciding to just be practical about it, he toed off his shoes and bent his knee up to pull his socks off, one after the other.  He felt an embarrassed flush blooming, and fumbled at the small dress shirt buttons with too-big hands.  He’d forgotten to undo the cuffs, he realized too late and had to regroup to unbutton them before removing his shirt.  Tony was watching him, and Steve half expected him to tell him to hurry it up or make some comment, but he said nothing.  Just watched.  When his hands reached the front of his trousers, he hesitated a hair’s breath, closed his eyes for a heartbeat and then lowered his pants and boxer briefs in one motion, kicking them aside to the pile.
“I know what you mean,” Steve replied.  “’Night guys.  See you soon,” Steve said, watching the two of them round the stairs and head down.  “You’re going to be getting Christmas cards from him addressed to Tony Stank for years. You know that, right?”
He needed to focus, get Tony’s attention on him and figure out a way to slowly introduce the idea to Tony that none of this was real. That they needed to leave this behind.  Granted, he had no idea how to do that, but it sure wasn’t going to happen with his other self getting all the glory, he thought with a frown.
of time. I can’t—I can’t deal with all of this right now.  It’s too much.  I just, I can't right now.  If I try, I'm going to fall apart.  Last night, and then this, and--I thought I put all that behind me, you know?  And now…you just have to give me time. And probably a lot of therapy.  Let’s face it, that’s not entirely unneeded,” Tony snorted, giving Steve a quick glance before lowering his eyes again.
“There’s…” Tony muttered, glancing around in frustration, “an appalling lack of available items to throw at your head.”
“Steve,” Tony tried again, though he didn't quite know what he was offering or asking. “I'm not—I'm not mad. Not anymore. I was, okay, sure. Can you blame me?”
,” Tony said.  “Makes it art.”
“Look, Tony, right now, it’s your word against Batroc’s about what was supposedly on the table, and the guy’s got tons of priors. They know he’s dirty, has all kind of shady dealings and connections to even worse, but they’ve never been able to actually directly link him to a terrorist group. Not that they haven’t tried,” Matt admitted. “It’ll be hard to get a judge to sign off on a warrant for corporate secrets based on the testimony of someone like that, though they’ll certainly try. Stern wasn’t wired, so it’s just him saying you offered him anything, though God knows who around here is in his pocket. Between the two, though, I have to tell you, it’s probably enough for some judge to sign off on it. I’m sure the D.A. is waking one up right about now.”
Was he supposed to follow? He had no idea, so stood there numbly while Steve picked up the leather satchel, and Tony realized it was similar to the kind artists carried their portfolios in. It had an odd, round shape pressing against the inside, like a big disc of some kind, but his head was too full to spare it much thought.
“Hey,” Tony called out, drawing the alien’s attention.  He made that humming noise again. “Yeah, yeah,” Tony rasped.  “Got it. You want me to chill. Pepper made me try rain sounds once, but with all the coffee, that honestly just made me need to pee.  So. Ah. Anyway, we, ah, we done here or what? Am I cured? Though, honestly, if that was just a pick up line, I’m kind of fine with it. Probably because of the magic finger whammy thing….yeah, the name needs work, I know.”
“You broke up with me,” Pepper reminded him.
“Right!  Right, sorry.  I don’t know where my head was,” Rhodey said, shaking his head quickly as if to clear it. “Look, man, I’m real sorry to have gotten you involved in all this,” Rhodey offered.  “I, of course, had no idea Tony would jump the gun with Stern.”
“Quit planning. Quit thinking about tactics.  Quit strategizing this.  I mean, dude, really.  Get your mopey ass off my sofa and go home and kiss the man until he makes me  better wings,” Sam said with a grin.
Tony winced and had to physically make himself not roll his eyes, though Gomer Pyle here seemed to buy it.  In fact, the guard was frowning, looking between Tony and the tags in his hands, like he was weighing his options.  Tony’s eyes flicked to the tags in the guard’s hand.  It was all he could do not to yank them back.
, I—"
“Okay, so...everything's fine?” Rhodey pressed. “Not that we don't love your eight-hundred dollar an hour company, but...”
“You changed my poster?” Tony said slowly, as if trying to process each word at a time.  Ok, that was odd.  Wasn’t that what this conversation had been about?
“Yeah?” Tony replied.
“Well, that was certainly one of the strangest afternoons I’ve had in a long time,” Pepper announced as her heels clicked out a staccato beat across the workshop floor.  Tony’s head jerked up from where he was bent low over one of the consoles, watching as she plopped down on the sofa and kicked off her shoes, stretching her toes out before tucking her legs up underneath her and let out a long sigh.
“I shall endeavor to slip that in the moment such a circumstance presents itself,” Jarvis promised with a small smile.
Too soon, Tony lifted his head with a low hiss, sloughing off Steve’s hands as if they were nothing.  His mouth was red and dripping. He was beautiful.
“How I deal with Tony is my business,” Steve replied sharply.
“A good suggestion,” Tony said. “For all of us. Generals, always a pleasure, but I know you have much to do before nightfall, and I believe I will trade your very, uh… diverting… company for a far more pleasant way to pass the time. Come,” he said to Steve. “There’s something I want to show you.”
Something about that prickled in Steve’s mind, leaving a crawling sensation behind it.  The warmth fled, chased away by a flurry of thoughts that seemed to spring into Steve’s mind all at once, and he was suddenly adrift, a small boat rocking in a windswept sea, with a wave curling around him, sending him under until up was down and he wasn’t sure which way held the sky.
“What happened?” Steve asked.  Or, he meant to, anyway.  He was pretty sure it came out as a croaky sort of w-sound and some random vowels.  Bruce seemed to understand though.
“Please.  Please, I need…” Tony stammered, out of breath or out of words, he wasn’t sure.  Steve’s hand slowed, then stopped.  His thumb rubbed a circle over the head of Tony’s cock, and Tony groaned, low and deep.  He could feel it echo in his chest.  A sharp cry gutted out of him, followed by a high, keening whine as Steve ran his thumb over the slit at the head of Tony’s cock, back and forth, slowly, but with a gentle pressure, digging in just enough to reach the delicate flesh inside.
“Get my handsome husband in here,” Tony insisted, tugging Steve’s hand until he hunched down for the photo.  “He’s quite the catch, am I right?  No one can blame me,” Tony teased, making the girls laugh and blush as they looked at Steve.  It was silly and playful, and Tony made it so easy on everyone, even the girls, who looked vaguely starstruck, but managed to answer Tony’s questions about their college majors and whether they’d tried the KISS mini-golf yet.  Best slushies in town, Tony told them, flashing a grin at Steve.
“That’s not…” Tony started, then clamped his mouth shut, gnashing his teeth together so hard he could almost taste the enamel.
In the distance, Steve could hear the approach of riders signaling the arrival of the Ul and his party. Not wanting to be in the way or, truly, to see the Ul again, Steve retreated to the tent where Cam still feasted, smiling as the boy tucked clandestine bits of vegetables into the folds of his robes, which would no doubt end up in Arty’s stomach at some point.
“Of course, not.  I could never send you away.  I love you,” Steve said simply.
He expected to be sent back to the keep in the morning.  But, when he finally skulked out of the tent, it was to find the man atop his horse, seeming to be waiting on him.  Tony tried to ask questions, but the man either didn’t understand or ignored him, and instead, just plucked him up and sat him on his lap, tucking him into the folds of his cloak when Tony yelped.  He kept repeating some word, the same one he’d said the night before, but Tony didn’t know it.  He asked, but again, got no response.
“What is this? WHAT IS THIS?” Tyber demanded, scooping up the bone-lion and holding it out for the others to see.  “You see? You see? Look at this—this talisman he keeps! He
“Anytime, my dear boy,” Jarvis said as he pulled open the door.  His voice sounded strangely thick and garbled, making Tony look up.  Jarvis was standing at the door, watching him, eyes glazed and face pinched and drawn.  It passed almost too quickly for Tony to catch, and the usual jovial expression fell into its place.
“Is there a problem with Stark?” she asked with false casualness.
Tony’s mouth left him, though he didn’t move away, not right then, just rubbed his hands up and down over Steve’s back and ass in soothing, repetitive motions until Steve’s body stopped its quaking. Finally, Steve heard Tony stand and watched through the crook of his elbow as Tony moved around and in front of him. Slowly, Tony helped lift Steve up to a kneel.
“Yeah.  Yeah, I know a bit about that, too,” Tony husked out, eyes locked on Steve’s.
“It’s…different,” Steve said.  “Zola is…someone important.”
“No.  No, unless you can convince Steve that I haven’t stopped loving him for ten years, so the chances of me letting go of this are somewhere between none and none,” Tony groused, shooting Steve a disgruntled look, which was ignored, except for the way the muscle in Steve’s jaw ticked against the taut, pale skin.
Steve nodded and swallowed past the lump in his throat.
Please, say you believe me.”
bugged him.
Soothing.
“Well, as someone who recalls our pseudo-first date involving me standing on a balcony waiting for a drink while you flew a weaponized metal suit to a foreign country to single-handedly take out a bunch of terrorists, I can’t say I’m entirely shocked,” Pepper replied lightly, one side of her mouth pulling up at the corner.  “Not to mention that I have an MBA and spent years getting you to sign things, spending your money on art you hated and occasionally performing other, less pleasant duties.  You think that was all just to pad my resume?” she teased, nudging his shoe with the point of her heel.
“Merry Christmas, Tony,” Peggy called out, her voice tight and eyes glinting bright in the wash of lights.
“So, anyway, I’m going to go,” Tony said. “Use that, don’t, whatever. Either way, as far as I’m concerned, we never had this conversation. Over, done, all that.” He turned halfway, then stopped, and spun slowly around again. “Do something, though, okay? You’re killing me with this martyr routine.”
and you’re about two seconds from grabbing whatever it is out of my hand and make that sort of snorting, gravelly sound.  See? I pay attention!” Steve laughed at Shellhead’s narrowed eyes and raised eyebrow.
“Because…” Steve began, then broke off with a frustrated huff, his hands going to his hips.  “Because.”
An Alpha who left him alone, and, grab three wise men, folks, because it was a fucking miracle happening, actually seemed to not mind Tony’s few, minor, barely-there faults that seemed to manifest in the form of things that went boom.
“Sure, fine,” Tony replied, tossing a quick look over his shoulder and clearing his throat.  Steve had been dismissed enough times in his life to recognize it by now, and it wasn’t like he expected Tony to invite him in. The garage was Tony’s, that was the deal, and Steve really did understand that need for your own space, even if it felt more like Tony wanted Steve
“Maybe a little,” Steve replied, biting back a grin.  His eyes were doing that soft, crinkly thing that Tony liked so much, which made Tony’s heartrate do that thing he didn’t like so much.  “You figure any of them out yet?”
“I guess,” Steve shrugged, leaning back in the booth.
“Tony,” Steve called out towards Tony’s retreating back. “Whatever you need to do, you know it’s fine, too, right?”
“They should be done with him soon.  Then, you can see him.  Soon, okay? Tony, look, I’ll take you to him, just—just hold on. There’s something you need to…” Coulson said, holding up a hand even as Tony started off down one of the halls.  “Tony!  Wait just a—damn it—Tony!“
“Tony,” Steve ground out, his voice lowering with tension.  Slowly, Tony’s eyes drew back to his from where Tony had been staring at the flames, blinking against each of Steve’s demands as if he could avoid looking at whatever it was Steve’s words conjured in his mind.  “Tony, you said that you have known Stane since you were a boy.  You have seen Cam.  Tell me, does he not resemble you when you were his age?  Why do I imagine that if we lined up all the boys Zola has sent Stane over these years, we would find them much the same?”
Hell, some days, it seemed like Steve was stuck in some bygone era, almost overwhelmed by everything around him to the point of inertia.  Especially after Aunt Peggy’s death.  The fact that Tony’s Godmother liked his boyfriend almost as much as she did him still mystified Tony, but it had been good for her in those last years when she got confused so easily.  Sometimes, she imagined Steve was someone she knew from back in the war, and to his credit, he had just rolled with it.  But, those hard days got harder and more frequent as time went on, and the inevitable cracks in their relationship had started to form, Tony supposed.
“Oh,” Steve replied, having nothing really to say to that.  Of course, this wouldn’t be a big deal to Tony.  “Well, thank you anyway.”
“Be wrong together, too, huh?” Tony breathed out, aiming for humor, but it sounded more like relief.  Tony let his hands fall away from Steve’s shoulders, flopping to the side of his head where he lay as sprawled on a futon as someone could manage to be.  Steve pushed himself up on his elbows and looked down at Tony, his eyes instinctively dipping to Tony’s smooth chest where the reactor had once held his life inside it.
“I know, I know, we’re not that old, right? And you, look at you!  Putting a ring on it and all that,” Hammer continued, unabated. “Living the dream, man.  Living. The. Dream. Marrying a stripper, that’s like—that’s like full-on Tony Stark modus operandi to the max, right? Twelve for twelve Maxim cover girls, this guy right here,” Hammer added, pointing at Tony and looking around at the other guests to make sure everyone was paying attention.  “
“Exactly.  See?  You finish my sentences.  We’re, what do they call it? In sympatico,” Tony said, snapping his fingers and pointing at Steve.  “So, we’ll just have our date, wave to the crowd, take some pictures, et cetera, et cetera.  Nothing really all that different from the past couple of nights, right? Except for the explicit acknowledgment of feelings.  Which we are both having.  That…that might make it different.  Maybe.  A little.  I don’t know. But, don’t be nervous, because we’re only going to be watched by everyone in the restaurant, a bunch of people online, the Vegas police, the FBI, my murderous pseudo-Uncle, and probably a few terrorists.  So, you know. Relax.”
“Not to put too fine a point on it, but you’re on the other end of that blind date, you know that, right?” Natasha replied with a smirk.
“Do you even remotely want to be my Omega?” Steve asked. He held his breath, waiting for Tony’s reply. His chest stung with it, a cold sort of pulling sensation, but he was afraid if he let it out, it would taste like seawater in his throat. The doctor said, after everything, that was normal.  The doctor said he should Bond. That it would help him. Give him a connection. Truth in a lie, Steve thought.
“I—I’m sorry,” Steve said quickly.  “I shouldn’t—I didn’t mean…”
.  This thing when they were together that made everything lighter, easier, where he felt like he could do anything, where he almost believed this wasn’t all a façade, because Steve believed it was real.
“I know the place isn’t much,” Steve began, mouth flattening into a thin line.
“You didn’t even look into the companies you were selling your weapons to?  How could you—how could you not know, Tony? How—how willfully blind do you have to be to not even check? God, Tony, you…you were selling weapons to them, and you just, what?  Signed on the dotted line and moved on to Ms. April?” Steve demanded, his voice tight and strident.
“It’s a bit of a fixer-upper, I know, but it has a lot of charm.  Two bedrooms, one bath.  Nice sized rooms, actually.  Bigger than you’d think, and for California, actually what we would call downright roomy,” Allen, the realtor Coulson referred Steve to, said, drawing Steve out of his reverie, having apparently taken Steve’s silence for a judgment about the square footage.  “Built in ’53 for the officer housing at Fort Ord.  They updated all the base housing in the late sixties, and someone bought one of the cabins, moved it up here.  Kind of off the grid, but if you’re looking for privacy, this is it.  Floors are the original hardwoods.  Fireplace is original, too.  Some great, classic features,” Allen continued, pivoting in the middle of the kitchen.
“What Stane did, what Batroc tried to do, it wasn’t your fault, Tony.  As much as you’d like to make it all something within your control so that then you could make sure it doesn’t happen again, it wasn’t all on you,” Steve told him, pulling back slightly to look down at Tony.  “I was pissed, not going to lie. About you not telling me, mostly, if I’m honest. Then I got my head a little away from it, I could understand why you didn’t just lead with that, but it’s personal now, and…well.”
“You have work.  I have breakfast.  Match made in heaven. Let’s go,” Tony pointed out as another loud rapport echoed behind him.  “Hey, Frank Lloyd?  Wanna put that on hold for a second?” Tony called out over his shoulder.  “Sorry.  Long night.  So, yeah, Yoo-hoo.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied, his mouth set into a grim line.  He’d gotten his ass kicked by enough Betas who didn’t like the idea that someone like him was born an Alpha to at least begin to understand the mentality, even if he couldn’t see how anyone could aim that at Tony.
He ate mechanically, finishing the food without tasting much of it, then tossed the leftover container in the trash.  It was too early to order the pizza he’d promised Tony, so Steve sat down on the sofa.  He looked over at the empty space next to him where the cushion slumped a bit like it held a phantom weight. It was almost too easy to picture Tony there, the way he had once imagined it before he met the real Tony, with his feet curled up under him, talking animatedly about space or movies or whatever it was that fascinated him and left Steve feeling a bit like being caught in the center of a whirlwind.  It wasn’t a good feeling, at least not all the time. It was disconcerting and kept Steve slightly off-kilter, like he was on one of those spinning rides Bucky used to insist they go on, but it was a
His stomach felt queasy.  It wasn’t that he was ashamed of what he did at the club.  It was about as honest a job as you could get, when it came down to it, but that didn’t mean he wanted videos of it floating around on the Internet for eternity.  God. Everyone from the Army was going to see it. Everyone from back home was going to see it. Humiliation burned at Steve’s cheeks, snaking down his spine and settling low in his gut with a sour, swirling tightness.
“He isn’t here,” Tony observed.
“Uh…math pie? Harmonica?  Any of this ringing a—oh, that sounded bad—bell?” Rhodey reminded him. “What was that?”  Rhodey asked, then snapped his head to the side as three dull, metallic pings rang out.
Defendant is hereby ordered to remain away from Complainant's place of residence and workplace unless authorized to do so by the Court.
“You’re back,” Bucky observed succinctly.
“It’s…just my face,” Steve protested.
“JARVIS, elevator,” he heard Tony say quickly.  And was he running away?  Steve was truly at a loss.
“I’m…fine. Great, actually.  Really. I’m
“I like to think my image would survive the revelation of pizza art, but you never know.  The public is fickle,” Steve deadpanned.  Tony grinned wider in response.
Surreal was a pasty-faced word for what this was.
“Seee,” Anto tried.
“And you do that now?  Build your robots and look at the stars?” Maria asked.  “It sounds….like what you’ve always wanted.”  Her voice had gone soft.  For a moment, he was pressed against the sequins of her gown while she read him The Little Prince.  He could almost smell her perfume, feel the way her hair felt stiff and sot at the same time, twisted and sprayed to stay artfully in place.  He had wanted to fix the pilot’s downed plane, he remembered with sudden, vivid longing.  Live on an asteroid like the Prince, and go on a journey across worlds, meeting the extraordinary characters the Prince met.
“So, we’re trapped. Great. Fantastic escape plan,” Tony said.
“We’re snowed in,” Tony pointed out, looking up at Steve through his lashes.  He picked up the dog tags, holding them for a moment between two fingers, hovering over Steve’s chest.  With a slight flick of his hand, he took them between his lips, almost like a kiss.  A coppery metal taste filled his mouth.  His breath hitched, caught.  Steve’s eyes had gone dark, pupils blown wide.  His mouth was slightly parted, breaths coming in shallow pants. Tony watched his tongue trace the seam of his lips along the same spot where the dog tags sat curled against Tony’s own tongue.  Tony dropped them, watched Steve’s eyes track the movement.  He could feel Steve’s cock straining into his belly.  A fresh rush of warm slick leak out of his hole as it loosened.  “Nowhere to go.  Stuck in here.  Just the two of us,” Tony said, clucking his tongue around the words and still tasting the tang of metal on his tongue.
“Something like that,” Tony said quietly, shoving his hands in his pockets and looking down at the marble floor.  “So, how about dinner?  You must be hungry,” Tony offered exuberantly, letting the moment pass.
“Stop making the air quotes,” Rhodey interjected
Then, ten days ago happened, and everything went to hell.
When he walked out, Ms. Potts was on the phone again, and she held one finger in the air in a gesture clearly meant as ‘hold on,’ and went back to her conversation, which stopped abruptly. Steve turned his head back to her, and caught her with her mouth parted, as if she’d stopped mid-word before she snapped it shut. “I’m going to have to call you back,” she said to whoever it was on the phone. “You. You, ah—where’s Tony?” she asked, dropping the phone onto the table and walking off.
“I would have your name, Sir, if you don’t mind,” Steve requested, his voice stiff as he cleared his throat.
“Oh, the same. He has his good days and his not so good days.  This is one of the good ones,” Charles replied.  “This is Tony Stark.  Captain Rogers’ Omega.”
“Are we going to talk about how you did that?” Tony asked carefully.  He looked over the darkened backseat to the shadow of Steve’s form leaning against the window.  “It shouldn’t have been possible.  I mean…I can do the math in my head, and even if you pretend those railings had the density of paper, it still is next to impossible.   There are other things, too.  The car door handle you just broke off, and I can only tell myself shoddy materials for so long.  Other things.  Am I not supposed to ask?  Is this the part where I guess?”
“Everything good?” he asked as Tony approached.
“Good. A car will pick you up at six. Someone will meet you when you arrive at The Palms. Enjoy your evening, Mr. Rogers,” she replied, and the line went dead.
“Oh,” Steve said quickly, ducking his head in embarrassment.  “Sorry.  I didn’t—“
“I mean—but—you and she, you—” Steve stammered.
. Needed.  The Claim is not meant to be idle, he thought, reaching for it, because it was, maybe, an absolution if there was one to be had here.
Hard to really see why everyone acted like he was going to pull a Mr. Hyde.
The radio wasn’t anything like the ones he’d seen before, gifts from some of the military men who wandered in and out of the Stark mansion with their shiny medals, bottles of Scotch and black cases of Things Tony Was Too Young To Understand.  It was a boxy thing, the metal casing painted Army green.  It looked heavy, with its bulky, antenna poking out of the top and the wide, black circles for the mouth and ear pieces.  There were long, jagged scrapes down the sides, dings and scratches marring the paint.  There were four parallel dents next to the press-to-talk button, and Tony wanted more than anything to put his fingers there and see how they lined up in the deep grooves, but, of course, he wasn’t allowed to touch it.
To Steve’s surprise, sleep came almost immediately once Tony left.  When he woke the next morning, it was to two serving women delivering a tray laden with food and a basket of clothing for Steve. The younger of the two, a brass-haired girl with fawn-colored brown eyes that matched her freckles, braved a glance at where Steve sat up in bed.  He tried to smile at her in greeting, but her eyes just went wide, and she blushed a furious shade of red, bit her cheek to capture her giggle and quickly looked away, while the older servant shushed her and the guards hovered.
“And the kind of thing that required quite the network to move that much money,” Natasha explained.  “A lot of that flows through Vegas. They use the casinos to repatriate the funds from offshore through a complicated system of gambling schemes, dummy corporations, and tax shelters.  Doesn’t hurt that so many military conventions happen here, and that you have a Senator who seems really interested in making sure that continues. It isn’t just the top brass and corporate reps who attend those things, so all these people being in the same place talking doesn’t really draw the kind of attention it normally would.  We followed a tip, and trailed an arms broker, Ulysses Klaue, to the club, which is how we knew they were using that as a sort of meeting spot.”
“Like I tried to chew my way through a really sweaty woolly mammoth,” Tony answered, smacking his lips together a bit as he ran his tongue over his teeth.
“Then I shall be off, my friends.  I will return as soon as I have anything to report,” Thor said as he bid them both farewell.  He picked up his hammer and marched down the hall, nodding amiably to the man shuffling up and down the hall pushing his IV bags along on a pole who just blinked at him in confusion before going back to haranguing the nurse for more jello.
“Friday?” Steve managed.
He looked at the clock again. He'd waited. Ready and willing was probably an overstatement, but, well, he'd been present, so that had to count, right? Sure. He knew he excelled at convincing himself of what he wanted to hear, but by midnight, he decided that “I thought you fell asleep because you were tired from all your Alpha awesomeness,” sounded perfectly believable.
He would hate himself, but he recognized the impulse.
“Yours,” Tony managed to choke out.  The back of his throat closed off, and he had to work to swallow, had to remind himself to breathe, all he could seem to think about was how full he was, how stretched out and filled up he was, how amazing it was that he could do this, take that big, beautiful cock all the way into his body like it was made just for that one, singular task.  A heady rush of power and desire buzzed through his head and down his spine, settling low and warm in his belly as Steve drew back, catching the head of his cock on Tony’s rim a bit, teasing, almost, then rammed back in hard enough to make Tony’s teeth clack together.
“How does a concubine know anything about the mechanics of trebuchets?  Thought the only things that ever came out of concubine’s mouths were pretty lies,” the King asked, sounding only mildly curious, as if the answer didn’t matter, but there was an undercurrent in the King’s voice that Steve couldn’t name.  “Not that I’m complaining, mind you.  It was a good suggestion.  Inspired, actually.  I should’ve thought of it, tell you the truth.  Affix the damn things to the walls.  Why not?  Just because it’s never been done before, not that I’ve heard of, and I’ve heard of a lot.  It’s been…a while.  Since someone managed to surprise me.  So.  I ask you.  How does a concubine know anything about the mechanics of trebuchets?”
“Dear Lord help me, there’s two of them,” Rhodey grumbled. “Well. Don’t just stand there. Text the boy back!”
And it was my choice.   Choice didn’t require infinite possibilities to have meaning.  Safety, security, these were the pyres on which freedom burned, and we all want to add our own kindling at times, bask in the warmth and let the smoke blind us to the ashes we are left with in the end.
to be nicer.  He’s trying, with all of this…this craziness.  Since…the thing.  The stock, the DoJ…there’s a lot going on.  Obie’s helping.  Taking as much off my plate as he can.  Be nice, okay?  For me?”
“Matt, you can’t just let him keep talking like this,” Pepper said, kicking at Tony’s lawyer with her heel.
One part of his mind, distant, like it was coming from the bottom of a very deep tunnel, insisted it was just his sleeve, but he could
“Wha—no.  I mean, yes.  I do.  I like it.  Watch.  It’s great. Thank you,” Tony said quickly, dredging up as much enthusiasm as he could muster for the not-Rolex.  “You didn’t have to do this.  Really, it’s…it’s…”
Tony looked askance at Steve, then seemed to consciously drop his hands to his sides with some degree of effort.  Steve recognized the signs of an anxiety response, if nothing else.  Sam would be so proud, he thought sarcastically.  Actually, Sam would probably tell him to get the hell out of here and quit expecting change to come from the outside, which sounded like something annoying correct that Sam would say.  Still, definitely anxiety.  Probably accompanied by panic attacks.  The chest-tapping thing seemed like some kind of coping strategy, like counting by sevens like Sam told him to do.  Not for the first time, Steve wondered exactly what had happened over there.  The official story was bullshit, Steve could tell that much just by reading between the lines, but whatever it was, it had clearly taken its toll on Tony.
“I know,” Steve said. “I’m sorry, Tony.  I didn’t—I didn’t think about it like that.”
“I know,” Steve said, his gut twisting on the hopelessness in the boy’s words.  “It’s okay to be scared.”
“I know what it looks like.  I just, I wanted—” Steve stammered.  I wanted to be beautiful for you, he thought, though it seemed the height of stupidity to say out loud, so he held his tongue.  I wanted you to want me, but not like that.  Not with rage and pain.  Not to prove a point.  Not because you can, and it doesn’t matter. I wanted you to want me the way you always do, when I feel like you would give me the stars if I should ask it of you.
Tony let out a low, harsh bark of laughter.  “Is that so? Of course. Why not?” he asked seemingly not expecting an answer. He pushed himself out of bed and returned a moment later with Steve’s collar in his hand.  He clasped it around Steve’s neck. Steve didn’t protest. He could feel Tony’s fingers shake as they slid the lock into place. In a way, the familiar weight was comforting somehow.  “
“Draw a cat hacking up a grenade or something,” Bucky suggested.
.  Have something more.  Without—without worrying so damn much about whether I deserve it or not,” Steve told him.  “I’m not sure if that makes sense or not, but I guess what it comes down to is that I’m glad last night happened, Shellhead.  I’m glad. Really glad. Maybe it was crazy. Probably was. But, I’m glad, Shellhead. It was…well, it was something else, I’ll tell you that,” he smiled, swiping a hand over his mouth and ducking his head a bit with a hot spike of embarrassment at the admission.
“It’s horrible, I know.  When we get back to Malibu, I’m going to work on something nicer.  Not much I can do about the size, but I’ll see what I can—“ Tony started, fighting back the sickening feeling in his stomach that always came when he thought about this thing that was in him now, that someone had put in him, and he couldn’t do anything about it except try to make it his.  He was trying.   It had been so long since he’d hated a part of himself, but damn if it wasn’t easy to pick right up where he’d left off.
Wow, thank you all for reading, commenting and kudo-ing.  Glad people seem to be interested in this one!
But, Tony shouldn’t--he shouldn’t think that way about himself, not when it was so clear to Steve and probably everyone else how amazing Tony was.  He needed to be with someone who made him feel...well, special. Because he was.  Steve wondered if he had made Tony feel that way even once tonight. Probably not.  He wasn’t particularly suave, he knew that.  He was good in the field, giving orders, making plans, that kind of thing, but put him in a bar and he suddenly had a tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth and two left feet. He never seemed to know what to say or do, unlike Tony, who seemed to know exactly how to make Steve feel like he was...worth something.
“Okay, well, thanks.  I should probably go get ready.  Big night, you know?” Tony said with a grimace.
Steve looked between Barnes and Tony, a totally flummoxed expression on his face, then seemed to deflate a bit.  “If it’s any consolation, the guy was screwing over the veterans waiting on those prosthetics,” Tony told him. “Pepper’s already working on fast-tracking some prototypes to fill the backlog of requests.  I’d like to tell you that was what tipped the scale, but, hand to Edison, I think that thing I said so, ah, eloquently just now means that there will be times when I just can’t help myself.  And you, Mr. Smackdown the Paparazzi, aren’t exactly one to talk.”
They needed to know that.
Past the outer bailey, Steve could see the large stables waiting, wide, arched doors open as grooms led horses around the yard. Steve tugged at his mount’s reins, urging him the other direction, towards the Tower and Tony’s private stables, the others following on his heels. There was still a strange disconnect that went with him as he rode through the inner gates into the Castle complex, a half-formed expectation someone was going to stop him any moment, tell him he was going the wrong way. Instead, he saw a few heads turn to watch his small group’s progress and caught a snatch of someone calling out a welcome.
The diner, as promised, was clean-ish, bright silver metal lining too much of it, like it was trying too hard for a fifties vibe and managed to overshoot nostalgia and land on garish, but there were a few people at the stools that lined the counter, even on such a dreary evening, so Tony held out hope. He and Steve slid into opposite sides of a pale green leather covered booth, and Steve called out to the waitress, by name, Tony noted, for two coffees.
“And admit defeat?  At the hands of this...late-night TV, drunken impulse-buy gone horribly wrong?  I think not,” Tony announced with a flourish.  “Okay, does anyone smell burning plastic?”
“Speaking of Steve,” Pepper said primly, folding her hands in front of her. “Which we weren't, exactly, because we were avoiding talking about him, but that's clearly a lost cause.”
Oh God.
“That’ll be Steve,” Tony announced, too loudly.  He was sure Jarvis could hear the way his voice tremored.  With a quick, ruefully apologetic look at Jarvis, Tony walked over and bent down enough to check his reflection in the car’s side-mirror, pushing his hair down as best he could.
Tony blinked up at him, then closed his eyes again.  He felt like he should think something about all of this, but he just…didn’t.  It was too much effort all of a sudden.  He’d come up here because the music was too loud.  It was making his head hurt, and his stomach wasn’t happy with him on top of that, and then the carpet and something about Australia and…it was all just kind of fuzzy now, though that didn’t seem especially concerning.  Nothing seemed especially concerning, in fact.  There had been something he was concerned about earlier, but it didn’t make any sense when he tried to think about it again.  He frowned.  There was something he should say. Something he should tell Ty, but he couldn’t—it didn’t make sense.
“Where the hell’s Jarvis?  Did you run off again?  Huh?” Howard muttered, tugging a bit at his tie and checking his reflection again while Tony ducked his head until the hair fell over his eyes.  “Dammit, Tony, what has your mother told you about pulling crap like that?”
He was being maudlin, he knew, though felt somewhat entitled at this point.  He’d been the perfect gentleman all day.  Hell, he’d even given a toast.
“This one,” Tony began, shifting the coordinates in the scope once more.  “Is the Hydra constellation.  See the six stars that form the head?”
“Yeah,” Steve acknowledged.  He reached for a finer-bristled brush and started working some earth tones on the shape of Kirk’s figure where it reclined indolently on the vague lines of the bench, almost as if he was floating, then pulled back and looked at the image with a frown.  At least the talk of his parents was enough to banish most of his less than pure thoughts regarding Kirk.  Well, he amended, peering around the canvas at Kirk’s abashed face pulled into a frown of apology, most of his impure thoughts, anyway.
“What a prince,” Stark replied, though his voice was light and teasing.
“Only the right rear stabilizer registers any power, Sir.  I’m attempting to reroute some of that power to the left,” JARVIS replied.  “Done, Sir.” The spinning slowed until the star field in front of him was blessedly only rocking to and fro.  He swallowed back a lump of bile in the back of his throat and closed his eyes, hoping the nausea would pass.
“Then, I’m happy for you,” Obie said after a beat of silence.  “Howard, huh?  Well.  Howard was a brilliant man.  The way he ran this company.  The things he built.  Brilliant.  But, fatherhood…Nevermuch seemed his thing.”
“So.  That went well,” Tony intoned with a thin falsetto that clearly communicated it had done anything but, as Rhodey started the car and switched on the heat.  Tony checked his messages, finding two from Pepper and a bunch of others to delete.  He stared down at the screen, then clicked on the internet and started typing into the search screen.
A moment later, the valet pulled the door open and Tony surged out of the car, slipping a tip into the startled young woman’s hands and heading for the giant wheel’s entrance, leaving Steve to scramble to catch up.
This wasn’t right.  Steve remembered marveling at the helicarrier when he’d gotten out of the ice, and it looked nothing like the machines in this room.  Old, clunky boxes that made him think of…Tony, Steve realized, calling the image to his mind. A photo he’d seen once after a Christmas dinner, when they were all too full to move.  Tony and Rhodes with a machine like the one on the desk in the corner, except it had been in pieces, spread out on the floor around Tony.
“We have to be responsible here, Tony.  Not just to ourselves, but to the company,” Obie said.
“One cannot live by the same fruit forever, Your Majesty, no matter how delectable such fruit may be,” the Ul said, nodding towards Steve with a false sort of appraising deference that made the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stand up. “I am sending you my son and two of my most treasured concubines. Why not cement the strength of our bond and the trust between us by sharing what you value most, eh? We have heard, even down here, how much the King favors his Prize.” His eyes flicked over to Steve. “What is one night when you will be so well entertained by my own gifts?” he asked, reaching out a hand to cup the woman’s naked bottom, kneading the supple flesh in his hand.
“‘Course not, ‘course not,” Brock nodded, clapping Steve on the shoulder again and giving him a small shake. “I’m just talking, you know that.  Doesn’t mean anything.  He was probably drunk or high, anyway.  You’ve seen all the stories about him and those wild parties he throws, and I mean, it’s Vegas. Who knows what he’s been doing out here. Besides, he probably wasn’t even serious. Just messin’ with us or something.  Got bored or some shit, I don’t know.  Come on, let’s get back to the room. I’m all out of chips, anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Get out,” the King cut in, holding a hand up in the air in front of Zola’s face. Zola snapped his mouth shut and bowed.
Dishsoap.  The thought floated through Tony’s head.  For the grease on my hands.
“Yeah, but in
“Then the observatory,” Tony reminded him, reaching for a biscuit.
.  Not scarred or cut, but gone completely.
He was going to have to choose, but there was a weight on his neck, and his hand was empty, and he thought he already had.  Soldiers are the shield for those who cannot raise a sword, he thought grimly, remembering Phillips’ words.
That, at least, was something to which Steve could relate.
“What’s wrong,” Tony said quickly, sitting up and reaching for Steve.
“Oh!  Sorry! Um…I was—“ Steve stammered, backing up so fast if he were a cartoon character, there would be bits of the floor coming up under his feet.
“And what are you interested in?” Stane asked, arching his brow in question.
“Not now.  I get it,” Tony said quickly, slashing a hand through the air. “You’re not ready, you’re scared of going through what we did before, only worse this time because you know you’ll hate yourself for falling for it again, and that’s—I get it.  Don’t like it, but, believe it or not, I get it,” Tony said, scrunching up his face at the words.  He leaned back against the wall next to Steve’s neighbor’s apartment where the paint was peeling to a tacky tan material underneath.  “And, I’m a very patient man.”
Steve had been away at some conference with Sam at the time, though Tony had been able to get through to him eventually.  He must have seen the show on TV because he got all testy about the whole thing, truth be told.  Don’t go to the apartment, Tony.   Stay off the roads, Tony. Wait for Clint, Tony.  Lots of orders, that day.  Orders, orders, orders, Tony thought with a fond sigh. Steve did like his orders.  Sometimes, that could be a boon for Tony, admittedly, but that had not been one of those times, which sucked because watching the whole thing go down on TV had been, um, stimulating, Tony recalled.  Still, Tony had obligingly followed Steve’s very strident suggestions, at least that time, if only because Steve did truly sound panicked.  Tony had complained about it a lot after Steve finally got back from his conference, though.  Two weeks at Clint’s farm?  No one deserved that.
“Hmm. Well.  You and Rhodey would likely be the only two people in the entire kingdom with that opinion,” Tony harrumphed, though he looked almost uncomfortable with the praise, his eyes darting to and fro before finally settling on Steve again.  “But, I thank you. As to Sunset, she would most definitely not have held that high an opinion of me. Or of anyone other than herself, come to think on it,” Tony mused, chewing on his lip.
He pushed Tony’s legs apart and ran his hands up and down Tony’s stockinged legs, over the garters and back down the insides of Tony’s thighs.  A tremor shook through Tony.  His cock jumped, seeking attention, but he couldn’t do anything like this except judder his hips up, making the fabric pull and shift with the movement.  Steve watched him.  Smiled.  Not the way Steve usually smiled, all soft edges and gentle curves, but hard, predatory.  With teeth.  Tony groaned, a low, needy whine of a sound, as Steve pushed his legs up and spread his knees apart, baring him to Steve’s gaze.
,” Tony amended, taking a breath and flattening his mouth. “Not that I’d be judging that, but a--you know what I mean. Shrink-type person.”
“Awww, you’re prettier than those fancy sparklers, Peg, and you know it,” Daniel chuffed, making Peggy shake her head at him, though there was a smile on her lips, full of fondness, and Steve saw Tony’s mother glance over, her own smile faltering for a moment before she found it again.
Tony thought he might be a real asshole sometimes.
He was up in Steve’s face now, crowding him.  Steve could see the bead of sweat on Brock’s temple, the little flecks of spittle on his lip, the way his eyes got sharp and his nostrils flared, spoiling for a fight.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked. He was sort of twisting in his spot, hovering at the edge of the living room and the hall.  Escape, so close, Steve thought with a slight frown.
“So,” Tony said, casting a look over his shoulder.  “That went a bit off script.”
“Me?” Anto said, staring in fascination at the stone figure. “For me?” he asked, pointing at the amulet.
“I’ve got you, Steve.  I’ve got you, you’re alright.  So good, Steve, you did so good,” Tony crooned.  His hands were running up and down Steve’s arms, almost as if he was trying to ward away some chill.  Steve wasn’t cold, though.  He was warm and spread apart, like pieces were slowly separating and floating away.  It made him think of paint mixed in water, the color slowly seeping away, then coming together again.  The more Tony talked, his tone hushed and soft, his hands roving over Steve’s body, the more the pieces started to come back, not snapping back into place, but just sort of drifting until Steve felt solid again.  A cup of water was held to his lips.  He drank.  It was, in his opinion, the best water ever.  His throat was parched, and it almost hurt at first to drink, but then he wanted nothing but to drink forever.
“Whatever,” Tony said with a wave of his hand.  “Get it. And the gray.  And the—you know, we’ll just take all the suits, and—no, not—honestly, does he look like a forty-year old accountant who wants to dress like a frat boy?  No Hilfiger,” Tony finished with a glare.
of crickets, Christ Almighty--“ I’ll...deal with that.  But, you can stop now. Let him...he can buy what he wants.  I don’t need to know about it.”
Steve lowered his hand between Tony’s legs and dipped into the viscous pool of slick there, then wrapped around Tony’s cock and gave it a stroke.  Tony groaned and tossed his head from side to side.
code.  Definitely not doing anything to dampen his libido, Tony thought with an exaggerated groan as he let his head sink down into the pillow.  He pulled his head back with a surprised jerk as the sound of wheels crunching over gravel reached his ears.  Quickly rolling off the bed, Tony went to the window and pulled the curtain back enough to catch a glimpse of a black SUV coming up the driveway.  His heart slammed into his ribcage while his stomach twisted itself into what was probably a very stylish bow.  There was suddenly no saliva in his mouth.  Steve.  Steve was back.  Steve was
“That’s not fair,” Steve protested. It sounded weak even to his own ears.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. The word felt heavy in his mouth, flowing down to his stomach and settling there like a stone.
It was weird.  Tony’s best friend was Rhodey.   These days, though, any kid with a comic book or the time to watch Saturday morning cartoons could tell you that Iron Man’s best friend was Captain America, and somewhere along the way, that became true.  Tony still wasn’t sure when it happened, though he supposed it started when he’d woken up from a one way trip to Cap smiling down at him, so genuine and relieved and almost embarrassed, ducking his head and pulling his hand back from the chestplate while the others crowded around, though Tony had seen it well enough, even through the busted HUD, that flash of desperate happiness, the kind that you aren’t sure is real, but reach for anyway.
“I said we were going back,” Steve repeated again, though it sounded petulant even to his own ears. He could never quite win an argument with someone who knew him as well as Bucky did. It was like trying to catch smoke in a bag. You could do it, but when you looked, you really had not accomplished much of anything. And he could never push Bucky away, though he wasn’t entirely sure if the same were true of Tony. They had almost managed to do that to each other not so long ago, stubbornness, fear and mistrust, both of themselves and each other, chipping away at what they could be until it had nearly broken them. Above all else, he did not want that to happen again, but sometimes, it was like swimming against the tide, pushed and pulled one way and then the other, using every ounce of effort to find he’d gained very little ground.
Big hands, Steve recalled. Soft though.  Doesn’t work with them.
“We can dance.  Something simple.  I’ll show you the steps.  I’ve got six years of dancing instruction with a woman who missed her calling as a prison guard on the Green Mile, so whatever,” Tony offered.   “It’ll be fun.” Steve’s gaze flicked to Tony’s face, then dropped down to Tony’s chest for a fraction of a beat, lingering where the dog tags lay beneath his shirt.
“Sure thing, Boss,” Happy’s muffled voice came back.  Tony heard the driver’s door click open and shut, followed by Happy’s loud, gregarious tones emanating from somewhere around the valet stand.
This whole evening as even more disconcerting. Less than an hour ago, he’d been kneeling in front of Hammer, certain he was going to end up damning both himself and Cam to some horrible fate and now, Cam was off to get lemoncakes.  He couldn’t get his head around it all.  Half of him was convinced he would wake up and find himself in the hot box with Rumlow kicking at the sides and all of this was some mad fever dream.
“You were so brave, that night when you told me everything you had been trying to say.  So brave,” Tony continued.
“I want what’s best for you,” Steve repeated.
“Ready when you are, Mr. Stark,” Steve cut in, voice surprisingly steady and sure.   “I think you said something about dinner?  Being seen?   The happy couple, right?” Steve continued with a slight lift of his eyebrows in question.  “I said I’m in.  I meant it.”
“If the Raj’Inama goes, then so shall I,” Cam said. “I am to stay with him at all times and make sure he is safe.  King’s orders.”
“See something you like?” Tony asked, all charm now.  He raised his eyebrows in question and stroked his hand over Steve’s arm, then down his chest, then lower.  “I think you do.”
“That’s—no.  No,  you’re having one over on me, Tony,” Steve wheezed out between laughs.  “Tell me that Thor did not really use you as a…as a blunt instrument?”
“That was different,” Steve said.
“I was just lo—” a muffled voice started.
“Yes…?” Zola repeated, looking up at him with an arched brow, crossed his hands at the wrists and waited.  Steve stared at him until the smaller man’s mouth flattened into a thin line and his jaw worked his teeth together.  He stepped closer to Steve and leaned in close.  “The King will tire of you. Maybe after tonight.  Maybe after the next night.  But, he will.  And I’ll be here. Waiting.  Ask yourself, are these little rebellions really worth it?  For you, perhaps, but the boy…” Zola said, making a tsking sound through his teeth.  “Pride is such a petty reason for suffering, isn’t it?”
“It’s…a bad angle.  Anyway, look, you have to give me something else to work with here,” Tony muttered, squelching his eyes shut for a long moment.  “Can I just buy him—hey, Potts, I see you mouthing ‘giant bunny’ over there.  That was one time.   Just so we’re clear, no one is objecting to me throwing a bunch of money at him when this is all over, right?”
“Says he wasn’t, but isn’t that something someone who was dropped on his head a lot as a child would say?” Steve asked, scrunching his face up like he was considering the proposition while Tony smiled in return.  “I had a good time tonight, Tony. Thank you.  I know it wasn’t exactly your speed.”
“We’ll take that,” Tony repeated, while Rhodes chuckled under his breath and nodded, rolling his eyes a little as Steve gave him an apologetic glance.
“Drops it on purpose,” Tony muttered harshly under his breath.
,” Anthony whispered across Steve’s skin as he spread his hand over Steve’s chest, the words echoing in Steve’s head with drumbeat.  “
“If we, what?” Steve asked.
“She was quite the lady,” Coulson observed, glancing over his shoulder and following Steve’s gaze as they slowed to wait for the next lift.  “I always wanted to meet her, but never had the privilege.  You know, if you wanted, I could arrange for you to vi--”
“Mine’s going to say Tony Stank, isn’t it?” Tony asked with a sigh.
be my Omega.  Looks like we’re compatible, after all,” Steve said.
“So, let’s count the ways in which I’m offended….you lied about why you wanted me here, chose me because I was cheaper, ugh, fuck, when did I become a bargain? Nevermind,” Kirk said, slashing his hand through the air.  “And someone like me would be up for taking his clothes off without a fuss, right?” Kirk added for him.
He really didn’t mean that to sound as bitter as it had.  After the debacle with Ultron, he’d been…concerned about how much time Bruce and Tony spent together.  That was a completely logical explanation of his feelings on the matter, he was mostly certain of that.   He shouldn’t be thinking about any of that now, but it was like whatever barriers he’d had in place were thinning up here, chipped away by worry and exhaustion and the rest of it that he currently wasn’t allowed to let himself think about.
“Are you coming in?” Tony called out, making Steve realize he had been standing there staring for some time.  Tony opened his eyes, looking over at Steve with the light from the pool waving across his face in undulating lines.  “Water’s nice.” He patted the top of the water in invitation, then smiled up at Steve.  “Too on the nose?” he asked, nodding down at the swim trunks as he reached over and pulled a bottle of champagne from a nearby chiller and popped the top.  “They suit you. Can’t argue with fashion,” he offered with a shrug.
“So, I got this buddy at CCF. Army Central Clearing Facility,” Rhodey clarified at Tony's blank look. “See, Army doesn't run financial checks on enlistment like the Air Force does. Basically, the bullet-catchers'll take anyone,” Rhodey said with typical Air Force objectivity, though he held up his hands in front of him in a placating gesture. “No judgment.”
“You,” Tony said, the hand he waved in Steve’s direction outlined by the glow of all the different reactors. “You. You—your smell. You. You smell like—different. I can tell. You’re—you’re—God, your scent. It’s—I can’t—I need—“ Tony sputtered.
.  Follow wherever the voice inside his head wanted him to go, and he would know.  He was almost sure of it. It was true that he was frightened, but probably not as much as he should be, Steve realized after a moment.
“Okaaaay,” Tony said. “Yeah, I see it.  What’s so special about--oh.
“Mr. Stark?” Tony heard someone say.
“No, no, no problem. Not like I’m not used to it by now,” Rhodey said with a sigh as he stepped out into the hallway, over a piece of door.  Wall. No, door.  Whatever.  “So…not that this isn’t pretty much my childhood fantasy come to life, but how’s this all going to look?  Captain America tearing up a police station to rescue his Omega from the clutches of The Man?” Rhodey asked.
Tony let out a wrecked groan, arousal thrumming through him as his own erection grew impossibly hard. He moved forward slightly, splaying his hands over Steve’s hips and using his thumbs to spread Steve open even further.  Steve was making some kind of stuttering noise that might at one time have been Tony’s name.  He had gripped his hands into the carpet, forehead touching the floor as he writhed his head back and forth, every part of him seeming to move at once, as if coming undone, but yet remained where he was.  Tony reached his right thumb over to trace the rim of Steve’s hole, rubbing the slick around it and feeling another spurt of warm wetness leak onto his finger as he did.  He heard a sharp, ripping sound, and looked up to see the carpet and pad ripped out of the floor.
Now that Tony was standing in front of him, he actually wasn’t sure what to say.  Why are paying for something you aren’t getting?  Does any of this mean anything at all to you?  Can you please not think…that…about me?
Each week, he stopped by the agency to pick up an envelope filled with a ridiculous amount of cash.  More money than he’d ever seen in his life, handed casually to him, all business-like.  He even signed for it.  As much as he wanted to pretend that he was having some sort of relationship with Tony, the envelope was a much-needed reminder that this was business.  Nothing more.
Tyber stared at him incredulously.  He growled, low in his throat, and rushed forward, holding his spear aloft.  Anto loosed the spear-thrower. The point struck the ground right at Tyber’s feet.  He skidded to a stop and stared at it for a long moment, then looked up at Anto, watching as Anto nocked another spear.
The alien’s brow was furrowed.  A small line of discontent rippled between his eyebrows, just above a strong nose that was slightly...off, like it had been broken.  Aquiline. That’s the word for it. Except it was like the most extreme version of that concept. A full mouth dipped into a frown that crinkled the thing’s eyes at the corners. Beautiful, really, Tony thought, then the impossible strangeness of it all wiped that thought away.  What the hell was he thinking? Whatever this thing was, it had clearly put some kind of whammy on him with the whole magic finger thing.
He sounds genuinely curious, Steve thought with a start of surprise.  Cam’s not here, Steve realized. Cam’s not here, and we’re all but alone, no guards nearby, no walls with ears, and he trusts Bruce.  Ideas are wildfire, and it takes but a little spark. He can’t afford that, but he’s curious, all the same, Steve saw with sudden clarity.
, Tony said, dots of red flecking his lips.
Why was it so hard?  This is what they had been working towards, wasn’t it?  He looked over at Shellhead, who wasn’t looking at him, just staring down at his tentacles where they undulated in the water with a strangely hard expression on his face.  If I don’t leave now, I won’t go, Steve thought to himself. The knowledge, and it
“I am not,” Tony insisted again.  “I just…find that the idea of you, perhaps, feeling guilty over…actions.  You may have taken.  Or might take.  Whatever.  Makes me want to…” Tony trailed over, wagging his head from side to side.  “Destroy symbolic property in a pit of fiery metal carnage?” he finished with a frown.
“Yes, but on the heels of your announcement that the company won’t be in the weapons business anymore and the incident with Senator Stern, you can understand why there are some who have reservations about your continued leadership and your state of mind after the events that occurred earlier this year,” the reporter, David, pointed out.
He closed his eyes.  When he opened them, the image of Bucky lounging on the fountain was gone.  Over his shoulder, the knight hurled insults, the dragon yawned, and the children laughed with glee.
There was something unnerving about the way Stane kept saying his name.  Steve couldn’t put a finger on why, but he didn’t like it.  “Actually, no, not really.  If you know Tony half as well as you say you do, then you know when he says he can do something, he can do it.  This isn’t something he’s doing on a whim, Mr. Stane.  He knows what this can do.  It really can change the world, make it a better place, and when you have that kind of chance…how can you ask him to turn his back on that?  Knowing him as well as you do, I mean,” Steve asked pointedly.
“Do you, now?” Tony said, eyebrow raised.  “Then, you understand what I’m telling you, I hope.”
“That, and a few other things,” Bucky replied.
He looked over at Tony again.  Okay,
“Be bold?  You have exactly zero ideas, don’t you?” Rhodey asked, narrowing his eyes at Barnes.
“As do I,” Tony replied, voice low and heated, the same intense look on his face as he regarded Steve.  “General.  Your best men, if you please.”
“Bucky’d probably say it’s the whole not talking back thing,” Steve said around a deprecating laugh.  “He’d say I was pretty good at talking
Admittedly, he didn’t think he would have been humanity’s first choice as representative, Tony thought with a surprised huff as he stared up at the creature.
Even the vaulted ceiling was covered with soft blue panels, the color of the sky, awash in painted scenes of birds, trees and flowers—lilies, mostly, Steve was able to notice--embroidered with seed pearls, actual feathers, and threads that had been coated in gold to make them gleam.  Heavy curtains could be pulled over the windows to give them privacy, but Cam preferred to have them drawn back, so that he could see the passing countryside.  And be seen. Steve thought Cam rather enjoyed playing the part, waving imperiously as the procession made its way through the city, Steve recalled, watching as Cam explored the carriage’s compartments where foodstuffs, bottles of water and wine, books, dice, cards, and even a miniature chess set awaited their amusement.
“It wasn’t your fault. Any more than Bucky’s death was mine,” Steve said after a long beat of silence.  It felt good to say it, even if there was still a part of him that refused to believe it.
,” Steve said.
“Did he now?” Tony said finally in a flat, thick voice that was filled with enough menace to make Steve want to draw back from it.  Steve nodded, slowly.  Tony watched him for a long moment, then got up and walked to the stand of books, jars and other odds and ends that sat in the corner of the workshop. “Drink,” Tony said a moment later, shoving a goblet to Steve’s lips.  Steve looked dumbly at him.  “Drink,” Tony urged, voice gentle.  Steve opened his lips and cool, wonderful water flowed down his parched throat.  He hadn’t realized how thirsty he was until he tasted the water.  “Slower,” Tony said, still holding the cup.  The water came again.  Just enough. Then a little more.  “Better?” Tony asked.  Steve nodded again.
“Cam,” Steve said, making the name a question.
“Are you alright?” she asked, voice careful, like she was picking at the words the way someone picks at the strings on a guitar.
He swiped a hand over his mouth, rubbing at his chin where he had been trying to grow in something of a beard.  That had been toast right off the bat.  He’d balked when one of the aestheticians suggested shaving, well, everywhere, but his face was clean-shaven and plucked smooth.  His chest, legs and arms were denuded, just like he was supposed to be.   Someone had tried to tame his hair, which was slicked back flat on his head and fighting against the effort for all it was worth.  His mother had applied a line of coal under his eyes and a coat mascara to his lashes, which made him look like he was permanently surprised, as far as he could tell, but she kissed his cheek and told him Captain Rogers would love it, which worried him about the good Captain’s taste, among other things.
“See, the thing is,” Tony cut in.  “Even if I wanted to give you the plans, Howard would never, in a million years, give me the code to his private safe, and the paranoid bastard rigged it with all kinds of countermeasures,” Tony said, nodding at the wall.  Steve turned to look towards the wall where a portrait of an English hunting scene hid Howard’s safe. Peggy had said something along the same lines. “He was a bit worried about people taking his stuff. Can’t
“Behave,” Steve admonished without looking up from the flashcard, but it lacked any real sting to it.
, Shellhead was obviously
Tony stood and brushed out the non-existent wrinkles on his jacket, sweeping out an arm in front of him.  “Our chariot awaits.  Probably.  Honestly, if they put out fresh peanuts, it’s like sixty-forty we’re ending up in an Uber.”
of study.  Involving every major, recorded battle.”
“Well.  That was rather unfortunate, wasn’t it?” the Lord said, sounding almost bored by the whole thing.  “Though, hopefully, a good lesson for you.  I trust we won’t have a repeat of this sort of thing?  I’m usually a fair man.  Follow the rules, and you’ll be treated well.  Disobey, and you’ll find that I have years of experience in making people regret that choice.  So, you’ll either learn to abide, or you’ll find out what happens to those who don’t.  In the meantime, I believe a nice, brisk walk should rid you of some of that energy and help clear your head.”  He snapped his fingers and two other guards appeared in dress that matched the colors the Lord was wearing and far finer gear than the guards at the warehouse.  “See to it.”
“I tried—I wanted to leave, I should’ve left, I don’t know why,” Tony said into Steve’s chest, the words coming out smashed together and watery.  “He did ask, but it was just to smoke, and it was fine, and then it wasn’t, and I didn’t know what to do.  I told him to stop.  I think.  I wanted to, I don’t know, I don’t know.  I should have, I’m sorry, I know—I just---I’m sorry, I didn’t know what to do, and I’m sorry!”
“Same as always.  Good food, better liquor, too much money and too few morals,” Michael snorted in response.  “How’s Victor?  Still doing terrible at golf and terrorizing everyone at the club?”
Steve stopped, halfway between the bedroom and kitchenette, and looked down at his hands, then over at Barnes with a sort of helpless expression that made Tony’s heart constrict in his chest.  He didn’t like seeing that on Steve’s face.  Steve should never look like that, not Steve.  Tony watched Steve walk over to the kitchenette, pull out his notebook from his pocket and tear a couple of sheets off and stick them to the fridge with a Wynn resort and casino magnet.  He glanced over and caught Tony’s eye, then looked away again and stalked off back to the bedroom, this time closing the door behind him.
“Like this,” Steve said quietly, wrapping his arms around Tony’s back and pulling him close.
He wanted to argue with Tony, but he knew it was useless, and maybe...maybe it was unfair to ask whatever it was he was asking of Tony.  He didn’t even know if he knew.  Perhaps Tony was right, and it was just the Claim confusing his mind.  Perhaps tomorrow, he would be glad this was all over, the deed done, and his life restored to him.  Bucky and the War waited ahead of him, and whatever that may bring, and Tony...if Tony didn’t want this, if he really wanted to be free of Steve, then could Steve really argue with that?
The suite was empty, Tony noticed.  No Pepper, no Rhodey, not even Barnes, apparently, since the door to the room he shared with Steve was open and the dulcet tones of one of the various Real Housewives and a room service order weren’t coming from inside.  Speaking of, there were a few room service dishes on silver platters under wide, silver domes sitting on the counter that separated the kitchen from the living room, and a large spray of blue roses that Tony would have recognized as Pepper’s touch even without the small, folded card that simply said ‘Welcome Back!’ in cheery script that was carefully set in front of the flowers.  She had probably arranged to give them an empty suite, too, and any other time, Tony would have been profoundly grateful for the foresight, but right now, he could have used the back-up.
“Awww, he kids, he kids!” Hammer said, knocking his hand into the top of Tony’s arm and shaking his head.  “He’s a kidder. Me and Tony, we’ve been doing this whole ‘oooh—craaaaazy rivals’ thing for
“You told him,” Tony accused flatly.
He blinked and looked back and forth between Rhodes and Tony, who were both staring openly at him.
Tony hurried across the driveway and back into the cabin.  The shower was running, though for how long, God only knew, so Tony dashed past it and into his room, closing the door behind him.  He opened his closet and stared at the contents.
“Tony,” Steve said in a long, low moan that drew out the word until it was almost unintelligible, just a plea, really, for more, for whatever it was that Tony would give him.  He couldn’t get his head to focus on anything, and then it would seem to latch on to one thing and hang there, unable to let go. The way Tony’s hair fell across his forehead.  How his hands on the back of Steve’s neck felt rough from countless hours in his workshop.  How he smelled like berries and sweat and a hint of smoke and earth.
“Jarvis, ETA to the island?” Tony called out, hearing his voice rise with urgency.
She let go of Steve’s wrist, tracing her metal nails up his arm to his collar, where she tapped at it, giving him a long, knowing look.  Her tongue darted out to wet her lips.  She dropped her hand and clasped them together, clacking her fingertips in a careful motion that made Steve think of watching a spider as it readied to wrap its prey.
“Yours,” Steve whispered into the silence.
“This is Steve. He’s my Omega. We’re bonded,” Tony told the two SHIELD officers they passed at the duty desk.
Thank you all so much for reading, commenting and kudo-ing (is that a word?).  I truly appreciate it.  Makes my day, which probably says something about me, but there you go.  Anyway, thank you and hope you enjoyed this chapter.
Somehow, in all of that, his mind still hazy from the night, Steve had not quite realized the import of things until Tony helped him up to relieve himself, chuckling lowly as Steve stared stupidly at his reddened cock chafing against the gold bars that encased it.  Steve had opened his mouth to ask Tony to remove it, then closed it again.  He hadn’t been sure if he wanted that or not. He wasn’t sure, even now, what he wanted. He wanted not to think about what this journey would bring, one way or the other, and he certainly had that.
“Of course,” Steve managed, clearing his throat as he stepped back and indicated the man should come inside.
“I can send someone to check on him, you know,” Tony offered, stopping mid-rise and settling back down. He reached out and tugged on Steve’s sleeve, drawing Steve’s unfocused gaze back to him.  “Barnes.  If you don’t want to go, it’s fine, Steve.  Hey, look at me…I’m not judging.  It’s fine, really.”
“It has worked well for me up until tonight, I must admit,” Tony mused, taking another drink.  “Go on, go on, do not let me give you pause,” he said with a wave of his hand. “This is truly delightful. Let me hear all about how you hold me in such high regard that you wish for someone else to take your place.”
“Maybe,” Tony said.  There was a desperate sort of covetous longing to the word, hushing it down to a whisper, but Steve could hear it, quiet in the way that Tony rarely was now.  Maybe.  A lot for such a little word to hold, but maybe was the biggest, deepest well of a word of all, and hadn’t Steve already learned that?
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and did it anyway, wiping the cloths between his legs and down his thighs, where the slick had dripped.  He pulled his pants back up, though his boxers were still damp. It was disgusting, but there wasn’t anything to be done for it, except wait it out. His cock was hard, but he ignored that, too.  There wasn’t anything to do about that, either.
He found the coffee and poured himself a cup, then picked at one of the bagels that sat on a tray on the counter.  A door clicked open to his right, and Barnes emerged from Steve’s room, looking like someone’s mom had taken a spit-shine to him, or tried to, anyway.  He was wearing the arm, Tony noticed, though most of it was covered up by the shirt’s long sleeve.  It didn’t quite fit right, but Tony supposed that wasn’t exactly going to hurt his case. Steve followed on his heels with a folder of papers clutched in his hand.
Tony's drag queen name (Fe Male)...Fe is the symbol for Iron on the periodic table, so it is literally Iron Man.  I can't take credit for that pun.  I'm sure I saw it on tumblr or somewhere, though can't find the post.  The Air Force pilot jokes Steve uses are also pulled from various joke websites. I'm not that creative.
“Right.  Money.  I, ah.  Kind of have plenty,” Tony said, latching on to the topic change.
“About the actual documents, Tony, not just random comments about how much you like paprika, this time,” she warned.
“Enjoy the rest of the afternoon at your leisure, and try to get some rest tonight,” Tony said in a clipped tone. “Tomorrow will be a long day, though we won’t actually make it terribly far past the city gates.  I want to stop and show you the beginnings of our starfort, anyway.  The first of the stone just arrived from the quarries, so now, the real work can begin,” Tony told him.  “It will be like nothing else in the world, and I’ve you to thank for it.”
“Ah…”  Agent Rethinking His Life Choices began.  “I guess it’s…I mean…you’re obviously authorized to be on base, so…”  He looked down at the tags in his hands once more, then held them out by the chain for Tony to take.
“Are you sure?” Steve questioned, letting Tony pull him along this time.
He wasn't going to beg or cry or freak out and lose his shit over something that was just a part of life. Okay, he was probably going to do all three of those things, but he would feel really, really bad about it.
“I’m sorry, Tony.  I thought I was maybe putting too much pressure on you.  Being too…forward,” Steve said, the smile dropping off his face.  Put it back, Tony thought.
Tony stared at him for a long moment.  “That was…what I was going for,” he said, then smiled wanly.
ever tried making decisions for Tony?”
And lately…lately, there had been other looks.  From the Alphas who sometimes came by the house to visit his parents.  Looks he couldn’t quite categorize, but they made him uncomfortable.  Disturbed in some way he couldn’t put his finger on, because they didn’t seem like bad looks. There were smiles and rapt glances, but they were
been a different life, this impossibility, something lost long ago, and one box of old junk and suddenly, it was like he could see it, just out of the corner of his eye when he turned his head. Gone when he looked, but there in a way that it hadn't been yesterday.
LA traffic was terrible, as always, but Happy got them through it.  By the time they pulled up in front of the Disney Concert Hall, the sun was a sliver of bright yellow just hanging on over the horizon, sparking against the windows of the skyscrapers and lighting them up like candles.  A tuxedoed usher opened their door, and Steve stepped out onto a red carpet buttressed by thick, corded rope-lines running through small, metal stands, then turned and held his hand out to Tony.
“A robe.  Please,” Steve ordered without looking at the boy.  He heard Cam’s footsteps disappear towards the closet, then flicked the first disc open.   He caught his reflection again in the looking glass and watched, almost detached, as he brought the disc up to cover his nipple and slowly snapped the halves together. A low hiss of breath escaped him at the first stinging bite of pain.  It sizzled a line of heat that almost burned cold down to the tip of his cock.  He stared for a moment, then repeated the same with the other disc around the other nipple, locking it in place and holding the pendant in his palm for a beat before letting it fall to the center of his chest, where it tugged the clamps down just hard enough that a stuttering gasp managed to wisp out of his throat before he set his jaw tight.
look around you, man.  Look at that ring on your finger,” Bucky said slowly, enunciating each word carefully, like he was chewing on the syllables.  He jerked his head in the direction of where Steve’s hand gripped the edge of the kitchen bar.
“Steve was at Malmedy,” Peggy said, voice quiet, but hard, and Steve could see a meadow strewn with bodies covered in snow, the blood dried to a deep, reddish brown, limbs torn off from machine gun fire and glaze-eyed survivors who had run for the woods, run when they realized what was happening, huddled under tree trunks and leaves or worse, just sitting there, waiting.
Steve could see Maria hesitate for a moment, a denial jumping automatically to her lips.  He’s fine.  He’s just nervous. This is all so important, you see. He only had a bit to take the edge off.  He rarely drinks these days.  Not when he’s working.
Tony sat atop a small dais, on a large, red-cushioned chair, elaborately carved with winged eagles for arms and the Stark crest hovering over his head.   He was dressed much like Steve, though his garment was dyed jet black and trimmed in a brilliant blue, and flanked by the two guards Steve knew by name.
“Did you tell him my social security number?” Tony asked, shooting her a beleaguered look.
“Probably because you have a suspicious nature,” Steve said, slipping into an easy grin as he leaned back in his chair.  “Though, to be fair, not entirely without some justification.  Should we…should we head out?” Steve asked, casting a look over his shoulder.  Tony followed his gaze, surprised to see that there were only a few other patrons left in the restaurant.   Tony waved the head waiter over and settled the bill while Steve stepped out to the restroom.  When he walked out of the alcove where the Chef’s table was located, he found Steve complimenting the Chef and apparently, along with waxing poetic about the food and service, thanking the man for preparing dishes that didn’t kill him.
In the background, Steve heard the tinkling sound of an ice cube dropped into a glass and wanted to say something, but didn’t know what to say.  Stop. Don’t do this to yourself.  Don’t—you’re not like him.  You’re not anything like him.
“The night you met Cam, Zola sent me to serve Lord Hammer,” Steve said, his eyes boring into Tony’s.
Steve and his bull-headedness, his argumentativeness, his sometimes sullen bouts of Deep Thoughts.  Those would be annoying, Tony supposed, but for the fact that Tony found himself rather enjoying the challenge of convincing Steve of his side of the debate, or, well, that was probably overshooting, but it was a goal.  The fact that it was even possible was what kept throwing Tony for a loop.
“There’s Happy,” Tony said, nodding towards the car pulling up in front of them.  Luckily, Happy had gone for subtle today and driven the Rolls, Tony thought with a sigh.  “After you,” he said, waving Happy off from hopping out to open the door.
“That thing got 800 amps,” Tony tossed out, more to Steve than anyone else, but he said it with a sense of pride that wouldn’t have been there before or would have been, but carefully hidden away with all the other things that he thought had been wrong with him until now.  “Made a spot welder.  To…melt the ring of power in my Mount Doom cake.  Which I totally baked, by the way.  Well, fine, Jarvis did, but I was present,” he amended at Steve’s skeptical look.  “I was Frodo to his Samwise.  It took both of us.”
“Oh.  That,” Steve said.
“That’s not true, and you know it,” Steve protested. “You’re good with him. He can tell. I can tell. Besides, I think the woman who calls herself his aunt would have poisoned you by now if you weren’t.”
Unexpected.
“Sometimes it feels like it,” Tony mumbled, looking down at his wrist.
Steve suspected Bucky’s parents hadn’t known their son was coming to pay his respects, such as they were, though Bucky claimed they sent their condolences along with what looked like a hastily packed basket of jams and pickled vegetables, all of them taken from what Steve knew was in the Barnes’ storeroom.
Tony bit his lip and looked up at Rhodey, who motioned him to show his phone screen.  Tony held it up.
If Coulson had any objections to the ever-growing lists of requests, he wasn’t voicing them to Tony on any of Coulson's random, little check-in visits.  It was, looking back, probably too good to be true, Tony thought a month later, as DUM-E scooted across the garage floor to hand Tony, well, a sock, but, hey, small steps, while Tony used the CADCAM design station that had been delivered a week ago to adjust the designs for an upgrade to the telescope and his phone beeped.
.  I think I will be fast instead.  I have been practicing,” he added, darting a hand out.  “I will get one, you will see. I will practice on our trip, and when we return, I will catch one.  Here,” Cam said, holding up a soft cotton robe.  “To protect your skin, so you do not shed it like a serpent again,” Cam said, wrinkling his nose at the memory of the first time they had spent the day at the beach.
The smaller man who had been with Director Fury at the house two nights ago greeted them at the entrance.  Agent Coulson, Tony learned, repeating the name in his head, though the flunky agents were all pretty much interchangeable, Tony figured.
Thank you all so much for reading and commenting.  I can't tell you how much it means to know people are still invested in this 'verse.
“Heal. Home,” JARVIS’ voice promised.
“Steve Rogers,” Steve said by way of introduction. “I’m having a very strange week.  But…it’s nice to meet you.”
A whoosh of air punched out of Tony’s stomach, and for a moment, his throat closed off and he couldn’t speak, just opened and closed his mouth, for once truly having nothing to say. He could feel a crawling sensation start low in his gut and work its way up his spine, settling in his jaw and mouth like sewer water.
“Hey,” Natasha said, sidling up next to him in one of the paratrooper seats.  “Sometimes—these things, they go south, Steve.  You know that.  There was nothing we could do.  Can’t save everyone.  I wish we could, but, that isn’t how this works.”
“Stark? Sure. Hard to forget,” Bucky acknowledged.  “The fancy jet and gear, all the brass hanging out playing lapdogs for him. Hard to forget. I
Then Bucky rushing off, all the emotion of that confrontation still fresh in Steve’s mind.  But now he saw Bucky stalking off nearly running over Happy as he got out of the car to open the door for Steve.  Happy, who had heard that part of the conversation.  Who was worried about someone taking advantage of Tony.  Who had parked the car in the garage after Steve got out.  The garage next to Tony’s workshop.
“God, I love it when you talk strategy,” Tony grinned.  “I probably still owe that campus bagel place a hundred bucks or so on your jelly packets.”
“You all get along pretty well, huh?” Steve asked.
He went through the things his parents had sent, which included a new wardrobe obviously chosen with care by his mother.  He spent a whole day in the ivory and lavender-striped linen suit out on the deck sipping lemonade, eating whatever food he could put a toothpick through and chucking nuts for Joshua to rummage around until he found them, then boxed all the clothes up and had Coulson arrange to have them picked up and delivered to whichever organization he hated the most.
“You should wear them. Then, the King will see how much you want to be with him,” Cam added.  There was something in his tone, a subtle warning that Steve barely caught, but it was there.  Cam was a lot of things, but he was far from naïve, Steve knew.  His spread of special things tonight was as much his own apology as he intended it to be Steve’s, and the boy wasn’t wrong.    What better way to assuage any word that might reach Tony’s ears than by seeming to embrace this life?
“Don’t know if he knows how to do that,” Conference Room Steve said, then shucked his leather jacket onto the floor and pushed Tony’s knee up to give himself access.  He cupped Tony’s ass between his hands and lifted, spreading Tony wide.  Two fingers found Tony’s loose rim, then tugged at it, scooping up the last thread of come that dripped out and rubbing it between them until his fingers were at least semi-slick.  Without preamble, he shoved them in Tony’s hole, making Tony’s whole body shudder and go taut.  Steve felt his own cock jump, growing impossibly harder as he stared transfixed, at the sight of his own fingers disappearing into Tony’s body.
“Huh,” Steve said.  “Two of them.”
“Determined?  You’re telling me,” Estes huffed out, rolling his eyes a bit.  “God, yeah, that’s not the half of it.  You wouldn’t believe this guy, let me tell you,” Estes said, slashing a hand through the air and giving Tony a conspiratorial look under his brow.  “Wrote all these sob story letters, called like three dozen times, wants an appointment, all that.  I mean, I tell him no.  The buddy, he was dishonorably discharged or something.  I’m like, sorry, you know, but they guy’s not eligible, and even if he was, there’s a hundred better candidates in front of him, so, you know, cough up the thirty grand and we’ll talk, right?” Estes huffed out a low chuckle, then cleared his throat when no one joined in.  “Then, the guy just shows up, out of the blue one day, practically begging me to just let his buddy have one.  He’ll pay me back, all that. Can you believe it?  I mean, the gall on this guy, right?  Honestly.  He still calls sometimes, though Mary—you saw Mary when you came in?  She’s the best.  She runs interference on all that kind of thing.  The crazies.  You must have to do that all the time for Mr. Stark, eh Ms. Potts?”
“Exactly,” Tony agreed.  “Just human nature.  ‘Course, something like that…you start messing around with it, who knows?  That kind of power…you have to ask yourself, open that door, what’s waiting to come through?”
“I’ll teach you,” Steve offered.
“Dude. That’s cold,” Sam said lowly, shaking his head.
Thai tomorrow actually turned out to begin with a stack of burnt toast placed in front of Tony’s face where he hunched over the kitchen counter.  “I don’t understand.  I swear, I use the same settings as everyone else,” Steve ground out in frustration.
“After?” Tony repeated.
Oh God.  Oh God.
problem, he thought with a stab of annoyance. There were probably lots of other problems with all of this. With him.
“And you, Danen?” Steve asked, aiming to change the topic.  “How…how did you come to be here?”
“I don’t think--that’s not all there is to it, Tony, and you know it,” Steve said sharply, starting back up the stairs.
“You don’t regret it, do you, Shellhead?” Steve asked with a sort of breathless nervousness at the sudden thought.  “Is that why you…I—I mean, you’d have said if you didn’t want to, right? Did I…did I do something wrong or—”
.  I’ve spent the past ten years doing what I thought was right to make things better.  Better weapons for our soldiers.  The scholarships.  Working for Omega rights.  Being an example.  None of that mattered.  None of it made a bit of difference out there.  To those soldiers in the Hum-vee.  We were—God, we were taking selfies and then my stuff,
“We must go on foot from here,” Tony said with a slight nod.  Steve’s veil hid his confused frown, but he followed Tony, a number of guards surrounding them as they walked.
“Can I…” Steve panted, blinking up at Tony, who had slowed his hand at Steve’s touch and gone almost rigid.  “I want to see you.  Please.”  He hadn’t really seen Tony, he realized, and suddenly, he wanted that more than almost anything. To see, to touch, to feel.  Skin on skin.  Maybe it was improper.  Maybe one didn’t touch the King, but he wanted to.  He wanted to so badly.
Was it so obvious that something was wrong with him?  Could they tell that something was off?  Why would Whitney even think that…that thing she suggested was a possibility?  Okay, sure, some really well off Alphas could have more than one Omega, but…Steve wasn’t…he…Steve didn’t want that. He didn’t.  Did he?  No. He’d never mentioned it.  Why would he, though?  Stop, God, Tony told himself, digging the heel of his hand into his forehead.
“NO!” Tony broke in with a near-shout.  “No.  Sorry.  No, I want to.  I do.  You’re right.  Just nerves.  Big change.  I never thought…I just…it never really occurred to me,” Tony continued, sucking in a shaky breath.  “MIT.  Wow.  Just…wow.  Kind of…kind of an adjustment, you know?  I just need some time. To process.”
“I fought Hydra, but I’m not fool enough to argue with Ms. Potts,” Steve began, watching Tony’s expression as he rolled his eyes and pulled a knowing face.  He liked the chatelaine, with her strange moniker, fearless efficiency and devotion to Tony, though she rarely did more than greet Steve politely if he happened to be in Tony’s workshop during one of her visits.  “But, Cam is more than enough for me,” Steve replied.  “I’ve never had a servant before, let alone a…retinue. I don’t know what anyone else would even do.”
Request was for Omega Tony...which, well, there is definitely that *laughs nervously*
Finally, after long minutes had passed, Tony grunted a bit and lifted his head, his chin digging into Steve’s chest. He placed a quick kiss there, then leaned up and captured Steve’s mouth in a long, wet, heated kiss. Tony’s mouth still tasted faintly of Steve, a heady concoction that tore a groan from Steve’s mouth as Tony’s tongue delved deep. Steve felt Tony’s slack cock slide out of him, leaving him dripping and messy, not that either of them seemed able to muster the energy to care.  Instead, Steve’s arms wrapped around Tony’s back, stroking lightly across the planes of sweat-slicked skin.
“How’s that working for you, Two Scoops?” Tony challenged. Steve nodded and huffed out a small, humorless laugh as his eyebrows raised in silent agreement.
“Yes, the little real estate venture going on here is practically the very definition of taking it slow,” Barnes deadpanned.  “Look, a couple months ago, you told Sam you couldn’t think of anything that made you happy, and, yeah, he told me, because you’re freaking him out and he’s a good guy who’s seen too much of this shit down at the VA.  The past couple weeks, with Tony…I don’t know what you’ve been, but tell me that happy isn’t in there somewhere? Tony…he makes you happy. Always has.  You can’t live off that.  Getting happiness from someone else.  Not forever. It’s too much for them and not enough for you. Believe me, I tried.  Doesn’t work. But, it’s a damn fine place to start until you figure it out on your own.  And Tony…he’s going to help you with that.  We all are.”
His ears buzzed.  His throat seized up, and he couldn’t swallow.  His tongue felt too big for his mouth all of a sudden. His chest felt like it weighed a ton, like just the effort to expand and contract his lungs might be too much. White-hot agony burned through his chest as he struggled to find air.
“Sure.  You’re Steve’s lawyer,” Neighbor replied, making Tony roll his eyes.
“I know,” Steve said with a slight smile tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“Don’t worry, I won’t,” Steve assured him.  Tony still looked less than thrilled with the situation, so Steve cupped Tony’s face in his hands and leaned down, capturing Tony’s mouth in a long, lingering kiss.  When he pulled away, Tony blinked up at him, one side of his mouth quirking up into a questioning smile. Tony looked back over his shoulder at Stane, who was watching them with a shrewd, narrowed gaze, then reached up and twisted his hands in the front of Steve’s jacket, tugging at him a bit.
“Well, you’re not wrong,” Tony replied easily.
He stared at the ceiling.  Bent over and picked the pillow up off the floor and held it.  It was warm and smelled like cotton and what the detergent said was a spring rain, though Steve remembered the spring rains in Brooklyn smelling like the wharf. He closed his eyes.
He hadn’t been able to leave it behind, though.
Steve, unfortunately, while somewhat annoyingly overly concerned about Tony’s drinking habits, had, of course, been too nice to take advantage.  It turned out that he was some kind of strategic analyst at SHIELD, which is how he knew Howard and how he ended up at Tony’s Post-Kidnapping Party that he supposed his parents threw with the money they saved by not paying the ransom the kidnappers had demanded.   Good times.
“Eleven-hundred-eighty-seven,” Tony corrected.  “What?  One of us had to pay attention in history.”
“Spoiler alert, Allies win,” Tony blurted out.  “Eventually. Sort of.  Anyway, up here,” Tony called out, motioning for the courier.
He turned around and nearly bumped into Tony, who was standing next to the dressing room’s door while one of the blondes, whom Steve had decided to call Paul and Not-Paul, held out ties, belts and, well, other things for Tony’s inspection.  Tony was looking back and forth between Steve and the group of people huddled outside the store’s doors with the phones raised, trying to play it all off as being overly-interested in what Not-Paul was offering.
“I like him,” Tony said, tapping the screen.
“What were you going to suggest then?” Steve asked with a slight smile.
Absolutely lovely fanart done by Gregory Welter.  Check out his tumblr for more art and info on commissions:  gregorywelter.tumblr.com
“I think you’re full of shit, Steve Rogers,” Tony said.  “I don’t know if you’re lying to me or yourself or both.”
“Perhaps not.  Perhaps you are right,” Stane said, backing away and holding up his hands placatingly in front of him. “I’m just an old man who has known him his whole life.”
“You’re drunk,” Steve observed evenly, but his hands were fisted at his sides.  He was very astute like—
"Twenty-seven?  That—no. That can’t be right.  I’m pretty sure I would have noticed if Captain America asked me out twenty-seven times,” Tony objected.  He would have noticed.  He would have.  He was…very close to being something like sure of that.
“Um, this little murder mystery theater here is by invitation only, so…” Tony started, frowning flatly.
“My friend—Bucky, the one I told you about?  He gave it to me when I moved in.  Kind of a joke,” Steve said with a light laugh.
“Can you stand for me?” Tony asked after a while.  Steve turned his head to look at Tony.  For a moment, Steve just stared dumbly at him.  He wasn’t even sure what Tony was asking. “The water is getting cold,” Tony pointed out.  Somewhat sheepishly, Steve realized he was right.  It didn’t make sense at first, because he was melting.
Why did it hurt so much to let go of something you never really had in the first place?
“It sort of took this hairpin turn all on its own,” Steve explained.  “We were just holding on for dear life at that point, and then I started coughing because of the smoke and my asthma, and then we were airborne.  I can’t imagine what poor Mrs. Haskins thought when we took out her tomato plants.  All I remember is her crossing herself and running away screaming.”
anything.  He’d been ordering everything he wanted and then some online or going through Coulson for the few things he couldn’t get over the Internet without annoying hurdles like permits and clearances he’d have to take the time to obtain.  Fake.  Whatever.
“I think I can handle that,” Steve agreed.
Too many thoughts roiled around in his head for sleep to come easily to him.  The war, Bucky, leaving, the dreams, the dream-walking, the voice...come to me, it said.  Come where? To who? He closed his eyes and thought about slipping underwater in the pond over by Bucky’s house, the way they had when they were children, and thought he heard a nighthawk cry as it searched the fields for mice and shrews, then finally, sleep claimed him.
“Tony,” Rhodes cut in.  He, too, sounded tired, though his voice was laced with something that sounded to Steve like sympathy.  “Don’t do this to yourself.  Don’t. I know you, and I see what you’re…it’s…it’s not ever going to be what you want.  There’s no ending here that can be even close to—to what’s in your head, okay? You know that. I know you do.  You’ve got to be smart about this.  Look, I don’t know what’s going to happen.  Maybe nothing.  Maybe I’m wrong.  You know that I want you to be happy, Tony, not just as my King, but as my friend.  And he’s good for you.  I can see that plainly enough.  But, so can others, Tony.  Others—Obie, for one-- see how much power a concubine has, and—alright, fine, you don’t want to hear it?” Rhodes demanded.  Another scrape of a chair, and Steve started backing away, though where he was going, he didn’t know.  “All I’m saying is that I have years of having to be right when it mattered telling me that this is dangerous.  Something is…moving the wheel, something that I can’t see, and I’ll not lie, Tony, it scares me.  Someone is going to come looking for him, Tony.  One day.  Someone is going to come.  You know I’m right.”
He tossed the wrench towards the toolbox, missed, and watched it bounce out and land next to the Audi’s back tire.  Tony glanced over at DUM-E, who was hooked into the CPU, downloading a programming update and whirring so excitedly through the process that Tony half expected him to ask for a cigarette when it was complete. Which U would probably helpfully put out, but whatever.
By the time the plate of truly spectacular tiramisu was served, Steve could admit that he was having one of the best evenings of his life.  Tony was smart, no surprise there. But, he was also funny and kind and often far more deprecating than Steve would have thought, given the way the press presented him.  Or how he presented himself to the press. Steve still wasn’t sure which was the egg and which was the chicken on that score.
“He paints.  Well.  He used to paint.  Now, he takes care of me,” Barnes said, looking back at Tony.
“Ah, judge?  We’re going to need a ruling,” Steve said with a slight pause.  “Judge says not an answer.  Tough call,” he finished with a faux-sad shake of his head.
like an accusation.
“Can you?” Stark asked, then hummed lowly, the light catching his expression pulling into something sharper. He sounded curious or...bemused, maybe, Steve thought.
“And boring and pointless since we’re not even--but of course they don’t know that, and I can’t say exactly tell them that. They’re just worried I’ve given away half the store, so to speak, because I can’t keep it in my pants, and they’re basically being dicks about the whole thing. And by ‘they,’ I mean Obie, who is pushing to have me locked out of the Board because apparently marrying a stripper is a sign of mental incompetence or trauma or whatever it is he’s insinuating.  Clearly, they haven’t seen you or this wouldn’t be an issue,” Tony quipped, giving Steve an apologetic half-smile. “It’s a…maneuver, okay? That’s all it is. I’ve got lawyers for this. I don’t want you to worry about it. Or get…splotchy.”
As it turned out, Steve had a lot more to say than Tony would ever have believed, at least, once the guy got going.  They talked through all seven courses, or, rather, talked through four, argued through two and laughed through one, when Steve started telling him about the time one of his fellow soldiers got tired of rations and bought a goat from a local herder.  None of the manly-men soldiers could quite bear to do the deed when it came down to it, so the goat ended up basically having the run of their makeshift camp on the edge of nowhere, east Afghanistan to the point that they all started calling it General and saluting when they passed it grazing on the dry grasses that dotted the rocky landscape.
“Fine,” Steve said brusquely, turning to go.
“I like you like this,” Steve gasped.  “I like feeling you.  Touching you.  When you’re—when you’re Tony.  I like when you’re Tony,” Steve ground out through clenched teeth, though the thought barely made sense in his own head.  “I--please,” Steve panted.  His hips pressed down trying in vain to meet Tony’s fingers.  He looked up beseechingly at Tony, who was gazing down at him with a strangely tight expression that slowly melted away into something so soft and tenuous, it seemed fragile, like a single word or movement and cracks would appear. “Please, Tony.”
“Hey,” Steve said softly.  “I missed you.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied, suddenly tired. “Yeah.”
“Yes, having only known him for less than a day, that does seem shockingly out of character for him,” Steve said with a dubious look aimed in Tony’s direction.  Tony threw his hands up in his best ‘who me’ attempt, then gave up at Rhodey’s look and dropped them to his sides.
“I'm sorry,” Steve breathed against the top of Tony's head. “I'm so, so sorry, Tony. God, why—why would he say that?”
“What the hell?!?” Stone shouted, his horse sidestepping as he tried to control it and handle the broken lance.  “My lance! Did you see—how dare—” Stone stammered.
“He’s right.  Truth is, this is on me,” Tony said.  “None of this would have ever happened if I hadn’t screwed up and gotten Steve involved in all this crap.”
“They just want to know you’re okay,” Steve insisted with a blind sort of stubbornness Tony decided was reserved for his Alpha and Wile E. Coyote.   Grab another Acme product off the shelf, Steve.  Let’s see how this one works.  I’m sure it won’t blow up in your face.
.  What could he possibly have done that warranted that kind of thanks from a grateful foreign nation?
“Do you think it’s really called a Windsor knot because of Edward VIII?” Tony asked, trying to look down and managing to give himself an extra chin for his efforts.  He glared down at the offending accessory and stuck two fingers underneath the knot to try to puff it out into something that looked vaguely triangular.  “Supposed to be like his—uh.  His, uh.  His wide tie.  Which he was known for.  Supposedly.  The wide—ah.  Tie.  That’s where I was going with that,” Tony stammered, earning a hitching cough that might have been part laugh from the seat next to him.  He raised his head, blinked and looked over at Steve, who was giving Tony a slightly abashed look of shock.
be thinking about the check currently tucked in his wallet, but his mind kept bouncing away from that everytime he got close, like a ball in a pinball machine.  Probably because he didn’t really want to face the reality of what he’d done, he supposed.  He wasn’t ashamed, not exactly anyway.  Two consenting adults and all that, regardless of whatever his mix of Catholic guilt and American puritanism tried to tell him.  They hadn’t hurt anyone with what they did last night.
“Hey, Jarvis,” Tony called out.  “I love you.  You know that, right?”
“Thank you.  See?” Tony replied.  Pepper curled her lip at him and shot him a look, then went back to her tablet. “Anyway, like I was saying—you know what? Speech is ruined.  Forget it.  I had a whole thing planned. There was a metaphor and everything.”
“Bruce!” Tony snapped.
“Speaking of, I was actually thinking about trying to do some painting before getting ready for tonight,” Steve said. “I haven’t painted in ages.  Haven’t wanted to,” he continued with a low shrug.   He wondered if that was really true or if he had just convinced himself he didn’t want to.  “But, the light’s great out on the balcony right now, and I don’t know, I thought…well, it seemed like something I could do again, maybe.  Would you be willing to—er, sort of... model for it?”
Calhoun looked up at him, his hands rubbing at his neck, a cough spluttering out of him each time he tried to breathe, making him sound a bit like something mechanical that was losing its power.  Steve rather liked that thought.
What if there was a better company out there?  A better option?  An Omega with everything Tony had to offer, but one that Steve actually wanted?  One that did things like refill pepper shakers and not design missiles.
“Tony, I’m right here.  You’re safe.  Nothing here is going to hurt you.  I’ve got you, and you’re safe,” Steve whispered, the words floating into Tony’s ear almost too low over the buzz of the restaurant for him to hear.  “Count to one hundred by sevens.  Squeeze my hand on each seven, then breathe out.  Slowly.  No rush, okay?  It’ll help.  Come on, Tony,” Steve urged softly against the side of Tony’s head.  “Come on.  You can do this.  I’ve got you.”
Finishing up his sketches, Steve looked down at them.  He’d gotten them right.  Finally.  Steve carefully laid them out on the table in a row, then with a last look, gathered them up and transferred them to a portfolio.  He sent an email to Deirdre, telling her they were done, and placed them outside his apartment for the courier to pick up.
“Do you…do you have…” Steve asked, glancing around the room.
generous, Your Highness.”
, see?” Rumlow said. “Rollins, you remember that mission before the last one, right? No wonder Fury got him a leash, am I right? I mean, I get why Fury can’t resist putting him out there, and you just know the brass is chomping at the bit to plaster that face of his on a poster again--rah, rah, America, fuck yeah and all that bullshit--and, hey, it’s a nice leash, don’t get me wrong.  Hell of a way to get your aggression out, if you know what I’m saying.  That’s what it’s about, man. How about you wait ‘til you’ve got a mission under your belt before your talk about stuff you don’t know shit about?  Huh? How about that?”
“Not him.  Just you.  He stays,” the King interrupted.  Steve glanced over at him in shocked surprise.  Zola let go of Steve’s collar and looked back and forth between Steve and the King, before an insipid smile split his features.
“No,” Steve said. “No, not that.  I was…frustrated with you, but…” he trailed off with a frown, recalling the night and walking back to his cell at Zola’s only to find a cold bath waiting for him.
“Oh,” Steve replied. “Ah—Well. It—it really isn't a good time, Tony. I guess, maybe we could step out into the hall for a minute or...”
“The little notes.  Those drawings he used to do?  Tony kept all that crap. All of it.  Like, I’m talking grocey lists because there’s some doodle or an ‘I love you’ on them.  They’re in a box in a drawer we don’t discuss,” Rhodey announced.
The bus crawled to a halt, and the doors swung inward. Steve stepped off and into the crush of people moving up and down the street.  Tony looked around, one hand gripping the raised metal handrail on the seat in front of him.  He could see his own distorted reflection in it.  Maybe this whole thing was all messed up in his head.  When the certainty had spring into his head in Steve’s apartment, convincing Steve to give them a second chance had seemed more like a long conversation, a bit of romancing and probably more than a few post-coital discussions away, not this huge, impassable gulf.
that’s good.”
“You, ah,” Steve began, then stopped to clear his throat, looking down and away before finding Tony’s eyes again.  A small, crooked smile ghosted over his expression before he seemed to catch himself and shutter it into something Tony recognized now as Steve’s stage-face.  “You ready to go?”  Steve asked, then looked down pointedly.  Tony realized he had one hand clutched tightly on the sleeve of Steve’s jacket and the other wound into Steve’s hair, still trying to tug Steve’s mouth back down to his like his hand hadn’t quite gotten the message that they were done just yet.
“You like this,” Tony said in wonder, his slightly mechanized voice echoing in the room. Steve managed one slow, careful nod, through some kind of supreme effort, and took a deep, shuddering breath, his whole body seeming to quake with the motion.
They all let him go, Tony thought with a dull flash of pain deep in his chest.  He died, and they all mourned, but they closed the gap where he had been and went on.  The dog tags around Tony’s neck suddenly felt heavy and he found himself instinctively sinking down, pressing himself closer to Steve.  For a moment, he missed the cabin with a bright, burning fierceness that startled him with its intensity.  It stung at the edges of his eyes and made his breath hitch.
, Steve, mmmngh,” Tony mumbled senselessly, his face clenching into something rapturous as he started to move.
“I know,” Tony said softly, reaching up to catch the tie with its small planes and dotted contrails between his fingers.  “Come on,” Tony said in a suddenly bright voice, clapping his hands together. “You’re all on the unofficial official BARF committee, so grab some grub and let the first meeting come to order.  JARVIS, keep some minutes or something, would you?” Tony requested, pulling out his phone.
“Pepper mentioned something about ways to break the bond.  I don’t know if that’s possible, but…I understand if that’s what you want.  I don’t want to hold you to something that you aren’t comfortable with, Tony.  If you want out, just say so,” Steve said, blue eyes boring into his.
Steve wondered if they would be among those to try to chase him down.
“Always,” Steve said, dropping his hands onto Tony’s shoulders.  “My Tony,” he whispered, leaning forward to press his forehead to Tony’s.  “You did it. You made it.  Now, go show them who you are.  Go shine.”
“I wasn't even supposed to be there. Though, that right there told me something was up with the op. They pulled us--my team, I mean--and put a bunch of green-eared grunts on your detail, which was strange enough at the time. I thought maybe you'd complained or, well, I'd had a bit of a run-in with the base commander," Steve said with a shake of his head.
“We’ll get you another one,” Steve said calmly, walking over to where Tony was standing.
“Forget it,” Steve said.
“That’s Steve, alright,” Brock laughed lowly, stepping forward and clapping  a hand on Steve’s shoulder, giving him a slight shake.  “I totally lost track of time, man. But, hey, it all worked out pretty good, right?  Got to meet
“Tony, Steve—“ Natasha began again, then her head jerked to the side as heavy footsteps thudded against the metal loading ramp.  Tony bent at the waist and pushed himself up enough to see over her shoulder, one hand clutching at the slash that split his chest.  He winced at the movement as the skin tugged, the dull ache that had settled there turning into a sharp sting of pain, but it wasn’t as bad as it could have been, he knew that much.  Thanks to Steve, and damn if that didn’t send a flood of warmth through his chest, wrapping itself around the wound like a sponge.  Steve would have done the same for any of them, Tony’s mind supplied, less than helpfully.  But he hadn’t.  He’d done it for Tony, and that, Tony thought with a grimace, well.  Damned if that didn’t have the annoying by-product of making all these feelings bubble far too close to the surface.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him, then grimaced and looked away.
“He isn’t a spy,” Natasha assured him with a rueful laugh as a waiter brought another martini and bottle of beer to their high-top table, along with a bowl of what Steve was told was gourmet popcorn that tasted exactly like regular popcorn as far as Steve could tell.  “As for a security risk…let’s just say he has been fully vetted.”
The lump in his throat wasn’t from happiness, though.  It was jealousy and resentment and the nearly overwhelming desire to rail at a deity he didn’t believe in and demand to know why.  Why did they get that, and he and Steve didn’t?  Howard and his machinations, sure, and Tony could admit that he might have dug his own karmic grave, but Steve…Steve was good.  Really and truly
“Never better,” Tony said with a sigh. “I have you.”  He looked up at Steve, who was standing at the kitchen counter with a take-out menu in one hand, and realized it was completely true.  “Really.  I’m good.  Hungry, though.”
He would like that, though, drawing the man like this. Drawing his cock connected to the man’s puffy, loose hole by a string of his cum. Yeah. Yeah, he would like that. He liked the way that made him feel. Close. Connected. He took another sip of water, considering.
“Maybe.  Maybe not.  If I can’t find proof, this could still blow up in our faces.  There’s nothing to say he won’t leak that Restraining Order or God only knows what else,” Tony reminded him.
“I am paying attention, I’ll have you know, and from where I’m standing—oh, fuck, the door’s open, yep, they saw us!” Tony grunted, pushing Steve to the side as the two guards shouted and ran towards them. Between Tony swinging high and Steve fighting dirty by kicking Goon One in the balls, then grabbing the guy by the hair and slamming the guard’s face into his knee, they managed to get both unconscious guards shoved into the cell, leaving both of them breathing heavily and grinning madly, because there was fighting aliens and dropping cities from the sky, but nothing could really compare to scrapping it out with nothing more than your fists and wanting it more.
Most of the discussion wasn’t exactly flattering, Steve quickly realized.  Pain lumbered through his chest, coiling in his gut.  Why did it hurt so much to hear what they were saying?  Why should he care?  People probably said stuff like this about Tony all the time.
Tony wanted answers, even where there were none.  Steve understood that, even as it sometimes frustrated him. For Tony, it could always be figured out.  Nothing was unknowable, unsolvable. Steve let out a sigh that was captured behind his veil, and glanced around the forest as Tony and Bruce talked.
, he thought,
They bypassed the line of people and followed the man through a roped entrance, where a large, round, glass-enclosed pod, almost like a bubble, slowly crawled towards them.  The crowd of people waiting cheered and hollered, and Tony waved, smiling brightly.  Steve did the same, though it all felt wrong somehow, like it was more of a lie than it had been earlier, though that thought made no sense.  Nothing had changed, not really.
“No.  I suppose it doesn’t,” Tony acknowledged with a slight nod.  “But, it does make it reality.  And but for that reality, you, my soldier, would be in a watery grave, not here, with your every whim catered to,” Tony reminded him with a thread of challenge in his voice that made Steve want to shake him.  “Many would trade places with you, gladly, you know.”
“Not like that. Well. Not only like that,” Steve said, the blush back in full force now, deepened to a rich pink shade by the lights outside the limo.  “Bucky—I know it was him—he put that Time magazine with you on the cover on my bunk as a joke, so I read it.  Seemed like mostly a puff piece.  What you wanted to do with the company for the future. The intellicrops and medical research, that kind of thing. Just a good bit of PR, you know?” Steve said.
“Okay, name one time when I have not wanted you to take advantage of me! When has that happened? Never, that’s when! Please, for the love of all things good and holy, take advantage of me,” Tony pleaded. “You idiot,” he finished fondly.
.  A little. That’s all I ask.”
Well, what if your Alpha doesn’t want you, huh, Doc?  What then?  Have an oil cloth and call me in the morning?  God, he had fucking hated that catalog, sitting there menacingly on coffee table by the stack of coasters and a Southern Living proclaiming the “Summer’s Best Cakes” next to an article on how to lose twenty pounds in month.  He’d only looked at it once, even now, the images were enough to make him keep his hands on the keyboard.  His cock hurt, straining against his pants, and leaking small trails in his already-damp boxers.  He didn’t touch himself, though.  Cakes and cages and cock rings, oh my, he thought with an edge of hysteria creeping in.
“Aye, of course,” Steve nodded, a frown tugging at his face.  “A very good life.  That’s about all we can ask for, isn’t it?”
“Can you swing by the apartment and grab a few things for me?” Steve asked. “I didn’t exactly bring much with me. And…check on him. I’m going to call. Explain. But, you know, maybe just stop by a couple times. Until I can get over there.”
Yet, he had enjoyed the evening, and Tony’s company, as he always did.  The King was brilliant and learned on many subjects and had a way of explaining things that managed to be informative and challenging, but also witty and charming.  Steve liked listening to him, even when Tony sometimes got so deeply involved in a topic, he left Steve behind.  It was still fascinating to hear the rise and fall of his voice, the segues that seemed random to Steve, but always meandered back to whatever Tony was discussing through some route in his mind that only he could fathom.  Tony’s passion and frustration with a world that seemed to want to limit him in ways that even he could not always manage to overcome echoed through his words so much so that Steve could almost feel the push of will like the wind at the back of a sail, trying to move the world into something more, something better.
“Yes,” Tony replied with an air of sadness.  “All nice and toasty warm.  But, let’s put that aside for now. Real excited to try out this bus pass thing,” Tony said, pulling the bright yellow card out of the breast pocket of his coat.
“Kneel,” Tony ordered.  The word was harsh, rough, like it was torn from his throat.  Steve had time to think,
“Damn it,” Tony muttered under his breath and switched the hot water off, sucking in a sharp intake of air when the cold hit his groin.  Fil-fucking-tration systems.  God, he was never going to look at an air filter the same way again.  Getting a hard-on from Hepa was probably going to be tricky to explain.
“I don’t even like these guys,” Dan said, giving Steve a pleading look.
Not wanting to waste any precious time, Steve hurried down the hallway, following it as it wound its way behind the foyer and emptied into a long, straight hall lined in a plush, red carpet with doors on either side.  They were all closed for the evening, though Steve’s mind conjured the layout easy enough. Office and conference room for when Howard needed to work from the house. Maid’s closet. Bathroom. A parlor that had been converted to an exercise room, according to Peggy.  Music room. Tony’s mother had played piano, Steve recalled, glancing at it as he passed with a slight pang somewhere in the pit of his stomach. Billiards room. Then,
Tony stepped away from the wall, holding himself for a long moment in the shadows, his eyes closed and his head tipped back towards the sun.  Finally, he took the closest torch from its sconce, brushed past Steve, and walked over towards the wide bowl where it sat on the pedestal.  Steve’s fists dug into his thighs as he watched Tony light the tinder in the bottom of the bowl.  Tony grimaced, staring down at the blood-stained cloth in his hand. My blood, Steve thought.  Blood and night, and now, day and fire, he supposed.  Tony looked up, towards the darkened sun, a bleak expression flickering over his face for the briefest of moments.
“Baby, you can do whatever you want to me,” Tony broke away from Steve’s nipple long enough to growl, then followed it up by grinning wickedly up at Steve and waggling his eyebrows up and down in exaggerated suggestion.
to know. Steve tried to push the voice aside, but it clanged against his mind, dark words twisting through his stomach with a forbidden heat.  He hadn’t stopped the dreams, even when offered a relatively simple way to do it.  He hadn’t even managed more than a few days of extra prayers before telling himself it wasn’t working and slipping under his blankets with an eager trepidation.  As much as he berated himself in the morning, in the night, oh, in the night, that was different, wasn’t it?
“When, exactly, did your involvement with Mr. Stark begin, Captain Rogers?  You two seem to have quite the entangled history. Did you turn down the Medal of Honor because of the videos that are circulating?  Or because you lost half your unit trying to find your boyfriend and then conveniently walked out of what others described as an impossible situation with his location?” another reporter demanded.
“Should be pulling up any minute now,” Nat told him.  “Come on, you,” she said, tugging at Barnes’ sleeve.  “Home.  Bed. To sleep,” she clarified at Barnes’ eager puppy look.
Unexpected, to say the least.
“You’ll fit right in.  Out,” Tony repeated.  “Remind me to tell Pepper to make sure the hotel does not give him the access to the minibar.  It might actually bankrupt me,” Tony said to Steve, watching the man’s noisy departure.
“You used to tell me work stories all the time,” Tony grumped.  “Now, I get urinal bleaching?  Come on.  You’re not even trying.  It’s basically a regulated meth lab in there.  Please tell me there is some Secret of Nimh, Mrs. Brisbey-esque shit going down.”
He hated this.  They were right. They were all right, the ones who said Omegas couldn’t control themselves, that it was an Omega’s nature, to want to be fucked.  One touch.  One stupid, God-damn touch, and it was all he could think about.
“You can’t tell me.  Fine.  That’s—fine,” Tony ground out, his tone suffused in bitterness, because it wasn’t even remotely fine, but there wasn’t much he could do about it.  “I get it.  It’s, what?  Need to know?  Guess I don’t need to know, just being your Bonded mate and all.  So. Fine.  I’m not going to bug you about it.  You don’t need that on top of everything else.  I am, however, going to figure it out.  Eventually.  Fair warning and all.  You know I will.  I think a part of you wants me to, anyway.  You have all the subterfuge finesse of Austin Powers.”
“Huh?  Oh, yeah. Yea-yeah, s-sure,” Tony stuttered, eyes focused on the metal band.  It slid onto his ring finger with ease, solid and strangely heated where he would have guessed it would feel cool.  “What kind of metal is this?” Tony asked with a slight frown at being unable to identify it.
sorry I don’t have any answers. I tried to find something,
“Right,” Steve agreed.  “Focus on that.”
The shimmy had been the first sign.  At least, Tony thought it might have been. Which, as it turned out, was unfortunate, because spaceships shimmied a lot more than anyone who had been to space apparently wanted to admit.  They shimmied. They shook. They made noises that you tried to ignore. There would be the occasional creak and groan, noises that you barely noticed back on earth, but were magnified to a clamor in the vacuum of space.  You got used to it, that was the problem. After a while. The noises, the motions, the weirdness of it, after it didn’t kill you for a while, you couldn’t sustain that incredibly heightened level of concern for days on end, so you got used to it.
“Wasn’t worried,” Steve responded, looking down, but otherwise seeming unconcerned.  He saw the smoke rising from where the Doombots were wreaking havoc in midtown long before they arrived on the scene.  The rest of the team was there already, Hulk gleefully smashing a bot into a nearby wall, crumbling both robot and wall.  Tony cringed. That was going on the tab.
“No,” Steve replied, though his face was tight when he said it and there was a harshness to his tone. Tony glanced away, idly pulling a long, fleshy strip of lemongrass into smaller bits and tucking them into his medicine bag as he walked next to Steve.
. The guy from Afghanistan.  And then I got sidetracked because of the you saying how you were one of the people out looking for me, which we still haven’t actually discussed in any real detail. Don’t think I haven’t noticed. But, anyway, I get it.  The me thing. It’s a lot,” Tony admitted with a wan smile. “All of this.  If that was what was, I don’t know, on your mind or something,” Tony shrugged somewhat helplessly, then set his glass down and interlaced his fingers over his forgotten plate of caviar.  “Steve, you’ve barely looked at me since we left the hotel.  I know I can be a lot to handle.  If I did something…”
“Tony!” Steve shouted, crashing into the clearing with the spear-thrower drawn. “Are you--wha--Tor?” Steve skidded to a halt. “Nasha!” he whooped, his voice brimming with joy. “Tor! Nasha!”
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark.  Your table is ready, Mr. Hammer,” one of the other executive hosts said, indicating a poker table off to the right.
“No, no, nothing like that,” Tony assured him, waving a hand between them. “Merely that you...are rather expressive in your thoughts, that is all.  I find it refreshing, to tell you the truth.  So often, people wear masks of a sort, don’t you think?  But not you. Never you.”
“Tony, I can’t.  Thank you, but…I can’t,” Steve objected.  “It wouldn’t be right.”
him, in some deep, dark way that Tony had been so careful to hide, and now, Steve would despise him.  He would know how weak Tony was.  How there was this wrongness inside him that people like Ty and Preston and others (Howard) saw in him.  He’d been so careful. So good.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Will do,” Rhodey agreed, then the line went dead.
“Pretty sure it’s called Ocala.  And I’m not taking him back.  Honest, Buck, I swear,” Steve assured him.  He looked up at his friend, mouth flattening, and blew out a frustrated sigh.  “I--I get it now.  I do.”
“It’s alright, Steve,” Tony said quietly, gently, so gently. “You did so good.” He stretched his palm out over the rock and slowly took it from Steve’s open hand. Steve’s gaze tracked the rock until Tony tucked it into his robes. “Thank you,” Tony told him in a soft voice. His hands roved up and down Steve’s arms, almost as if warding off a chill. “Better now?” he asked, and yes, Steve realized that he was. He felt… firmer, somehow, without the rock. He didn’t quite know how to explain it, but the sense of being more himself again was there, at the edge of his mind.
Well, for a hooker-fic, there has been a depressing lack of porn.  Let's fix that!  Thank you again for reading, commenting and kudo-ing.  This is apparently going to be epically long, if my outline is any indication.  Hope you enjoy!
, Steve replied.
“There’s nothing wrong with you,” Tony insisted immediately.  “Well, okay, I mean, yeah.  There is.  But, you know what I mean.  Can it just be, I don’t know, you and me.  Just, two guys in love?  We can do that, right?  Not all the time, sure, because it’ll get complicated.  I know that.  I do.  But, then like the other ninety percent of the time, it’s just us being us.  Stupid jokes, giving each other hell, screwing our brains out.  Annoying our respective James’s.  Us.”
“I would know that what you felt when you first found yourself here—that despair you described—that it no longer has hold of you,” Tony whispered, breath warm across Steve’s lips.
“What?  Oh, yeah.  They were great.  I—I may have made a few, very minor, suggestions,” Tony acknowledged, setting the rangefinder down.
“It is wonderful, Your Highness, the
“I do seem to recall something like that,” Steve replied drolly, earning a rueful, acknowledging smile and nod from Tony.
He watched until the elevator doors closed behind her, then carefully opened the envelope.  There was a check inside.  It was simple, blue-green with black lettering, and almost as long as the envelope, dated today and made out to Steven G. Rogers in the amount of one million dollars.  Tony’s signature was at the bottom.  He had a nice signature, Steve thought, which he supposed was a strange thing to think when he was holding a check for more money than he would otherwise ever see in his life.
Steve leaned his head against the hull of the airplane, feeling the familiar thrum of its engines ghost through his skin.  His hands were clenched around the cowl, the half-moons of his nails and whorls of his fingers dark where they peeked through the ends of his gloves.  He could still taste blood in his mouth, though he had long healed, like some kind of memory of it clinging to his tongue.
“You were what?” Steve asked when Tony stopped.
“They laughed. I remember that,” Tony said in a flat, dull voice.  He watched Steve, sitting there on the hard stone by the fire, eschewing the plush, cushioned chair that Obie had favored.  Steve still wore the leather leggings and boots he favored and a bracer that slung over one shoulder and buckled under his arm and sometimes held a shield to his back, but nothing else.  Bare-chested, face streaked with paint and sweat and flecks of blood that probably wasn’t his own, he looked every bit the conquering warlord Obie had warned Tony about two nights ago when he informed Tony about his plan.  Tony, in exchange for the safety of his people.
, he thought with a long, low groan. He wondered what the person on the other side of the wall got out of this, not that he couldn’t appreciate wanting to give up control sometimes. Whoever they were, whatever it was they wanted from this, he hoped they found it, because dear God, he needed to feel like someone believed in him enough to do this, even after the bad day. His cock jumped, a spurt of pre-cum flowing out of the head.
Tony laughed, not at him, Steve didn’t think, but with joy and--and understanding.  Steve watched as Tony stood up and sloughed off his coat, freeing his collar as he sat down on the bed next to Steve.  “It’s completely normal.  You just woke up.  You’re starving. I remember it well,” Tony said.  Steve barely paid attention.  All he could think about was how good Tony’s neck looked.  How good he would
“Would you win, if you entered?” Tony asked, tilting his head to the side and narrowing his eyes at the question.
“Room Six is available,” the woman’s voice said, cutting off Steve's thoughts as he processed what she told him.
“Look at me, Steve,” Tony coaxed.  “Need to see you, Steve, need to see, please,” he pleaded.  Steve’s eyes snapped open and found his.  Tony eased his cock past the ring of muscle at Steve’s entrance, sliding in with little resistance.  He paused, breaching Steve halfway and reached up to grasp Steve’s hand, lacing their fingers together while the other hand splayed over Steve’s hip.
“Oh.  Well.  Okay.  I guess….I guess I’ll see you back at the Tower then,” Steve said, though his voice sounded odd to Tony’s ears.  Tense and strained, sound of it grated on Tony’s nerves, like nails on a blackboard, and Steve wasn’t looking at him, but just staring off at nothing in the distance, a bleak sort of tightness contorting his features.
One of Tony’s shoes hit the spine of a kitchen chair, making it rock back and forth as they passed.  They somehow stumbled, locked together, down the hall.  Steve had a hand out to trace the wall, stopping next to the wagon wheel picture long enough to brace Tony against the wall and slip Tony’s t-shirt over his head and toss it on the floor.  Steve broke his mouth from Tony’s, panting, and dropped his gaze to the dog tags resting in the center of Tony’s chest.  He brought a hand up and wrapped it around them, lifting them up into the sliver of space between them, eyes dark and smoldering on Tony.
Heat flushed his skin, and he shifted a little, feeling his cock start to harden under his robes.  Tony would know. The thought seemed to fill his head with a hazy, buzzing arousal. A warm, liquid heat coiled low in his belly.  Tony would know that Steve wore this for him. Only for him. It was a heady thing, to be able to push aside everything else in a mind like Tony’s.
“You borrowed five thousand dollars from Howard. Five thousand. And you...you bought...” Tony broke off, trying to see the scene again, without the emotional meltdown overlay. “You bought a TV. DVD player. X-Box. Microwave. And...towels? Were there towels?”
“I’m probably going to have to launch you into space. No offense. You were my favorite,” Tony told Bruce.
Steve stared down at where Tony sat on the chaise, elbows braced against his knees, hands running rhythmically through his hair, back and forth.  He walked over and bent down, pressing his mouth against Tony’s.  In an instant, the kiss deepened, Tony’s tongue swiping into Steve’s mouth, his arms winding around Steve’s neck to pull him closer, until Steve’s hands were braced on either side of Tony on the chaise while Tony clung to his shoulders.  When they finally pulled apart, Tony let his head fall against Steve’s shoulder for a moment, then dropped his hands and lay back against the chaise while Steve hovered over him.
“Good luck, Tony,” she called after him as he walked towards the workshop door. “I'm coming in there with an emergency production issue in thirty minutes if you're not out!”
“You never walked away from a fight in your life,” Tony said.  “I’m asking you to fight for us.  Fight for us, just as hard as you fight for me.”
“No, um, thanks.  Thank you,”
“Of course,” the alien replied.  “You asked me to.”
,” Steve replied in such a dramatic, horrified tone that Tony had to smother a laugh behind a drink of his water.
“Is this—are you okay, Tony?  I’m not hurting you, am I?” Steve asked.  He sounded worried.
“Of course.  I’d love to meet him,” Steve replied.
“I know,” Steve said. “I’m trying.”
“I—” Steve started, then broke off, grinding down the words.  The truth was, he didn’t know what he was doing. Going forward.  Head down, shoulders back. That was it. Momentum. That was all there was some days.  “I never liked bullies. Didn’t much matter what flag they hid behind. All I ever wanted to do was protect people who needed it.  I like to think I’m doing that here. Sir.”
Above the drapes that cut across one of the living room windows, he could see the half-crescent of the moon hanging just below the clouds.  Golf on the moon, he thought to himself, recalling that first night when Steve came home and Tony had been terrified of the thing he was obsessing about now.  That was probably irony, he thought.  What in his life wasn’t?
,” Tony chanted as he thrust in and out of Steve’s mouth, using his throat even as it convulsed around him. “Let it out, my soldier. Let it all out, and just take it.”
,” Tony added, emphasizing the word.
That was what they did.  Why they needed each other so much.
“Probably the one time you saying those words to him is actually comforting,” Bucky shot back, then grinned when Steve gave him a pointed look. “What? I’m just saying.”
“The air here grows thick,” Natasha said mildly, rising gracefully to her feet. “Excuse me,” she coughed.  “I think I’ll take first watch.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know,” Tony chuckled lowly. “Believe me, I know,” he added as Steve let out another ragged gasp. Tony reached out both hands and rubbed gently at Steve’s nipples, encouraging the feeling to return even as Steve whined at the icy stabs of pain. “You did so good. Look at you, even now. You’re perfect. That’s it, now, let it happen. Good, Steve. That’s good, my love.”
“We met in Vegas,” Tony said.
“I’ll take care of him,” Coulson promised, watching as Steve walked away.  He turned to Tony with an appraising look.  “Ready?”
“So, you, ah.  You work with them, right? The Avengers,” Steve tried.
“Not really dressed for flying,” Steve said, looking down.
“What do you wa—” Steve started.  A knock on the door cut him off and drew Tony’s attention. He gave Steve an admonishing look before getting up and pulling the curtains around the bed, leaving Steve in darkness while he called out an order to the guards to allow whoever it was with their breakfast to enter.
“I know. I just really like it,” Tony replied with a smile. He could do this. This was still them, hormones and scent and scent and scent and scent and…wait, what was he saying? He shrugged and breathed in again, then traced two fingers through the thick liquid leaking out of Steve’s hole. Steve was grinding his head against the mattress, his chest heaving with each breath, little shivers pulsing through his body as he knelt there, waiting for Tony.
“Even if I did…have ideas…no one is going to listen to me.  So.  What’s the point?” Tony demanded flatly.
“Nngh,” Steve managed, eyes widening, then closing tightly shut.  He sank back against the pressure as Tony nudged his finger deeper, hooking it upwards and pressing hard, before drawing back and out.  He repeated the motion again and again, working his finger in and out in hard little thrusts, while Steve’s body rocked with it.
A shocked laugh burst its way out of Steve’s chest, and he grinned over at Tony, glad to have something to talk about other than...whatever it was that had just passed between them. “Your assistant said you weren’t exactly a huge Hirst fan.”
Steve glanced quickly at Coulson, then looked away.  That was true enough.  Anytime you threw a bunch of Alphas together, there was the risk of someone feeling the need to prove themselves.  Was that what he had been doing?  It had been about Tony, though.  About Tony.  Because they shouldn’t talk about Tony like that.  It didn’t have anything to do with him.
“In a crown?” Steve barked out, too harsh and bitter sounding to be laughter. He hadn’t understood then, and maybe he couldn’t now, as the time drew closer, but he was conscious of a weight that wasn’t there in the way the soldiers and officers looked at him, the deferential nods, the quick silencing of conversation as he approached.
“Stand back, Chosen of the Mother! Fear not. I shall slay the beast!” he shouted, hefting his axe.
“I love you, too, Tony,” Steve smiled down at him.
“Right.  Well, that’s one of our focuses, anyway,” Estes said.  “We’ve had some luck with a design that utilizes the spinal nerves to coordinate function with the prosthesis, though it’s all preliminary, of course.  The Army is interested.  I’m sure you heard.  It was in all the trades a while back.  Even a blurb about it in USA Today,” he said, pointing to a framed section of newspaper on the wall that did, in fact, mention the company and showed a picture of a young man with a shaved head sitting on a metal table with his robotic arm in the air, fingers opened, as a ball sailed towards him from one of the white-coated lab techs.
“Oh God.  You went for long walks on the beach, didn’t you?”  Bucky moaned with disbelief.
“Seriously?” Tony blurted out, face squinching in shocked surprise as he spun to face Steve again.
Tony was holding a mini-quiche with a pair of tongs, considering where to put it on the plate he’d loaded with food and ready to do battle with the elderly woman across from him who was eyeing the last chocolate boat when it occurred to him that he was a giant, gullible idiot.
“Ah!” Obie shouted.  He staggered back, dropping the case as his hands went to his head.  “What the—”
Oh, and the Iron Crown is a real thing.  It is based on the Iron Crown of Lombardy, and the description is taken largely from that.
“Pretty sure that wasn’t a typhoon, seeing as how we were in Nebraska,” Steve argued agreeably.  His voice sounded tinny, distant in Tony’s ears.  Tight.  Like the words had to unwind before they could come out.  Gooseflesh pebbled the skin across Steve’s chest where Tony’s hot breath touched it on each thrust of his hips.  “Bucky found some potatoes in the rubble.  Tiny little things, small as a baby’s fist.  They were frozen, but we cooked them in a little tin box with some melted snow.  Held them in our hands to keep warm while we ate.  That was Christmas.  ’44.”
“Nat, what are you doing here?  Why are you—who are you?” Steve demanded again, this time with more force and less shock behind the words.
The bath was impressive, Steve had to admit as he slid into the steaming water after the last of the attendants left with their now-empty cauldrons of water.   The walls of the room were covered in the same kind of mosaics as the main room, though these scenes, not surprisingly, featured bathers, water nymphs and other storied beasts in various stages of…well.  Frolic, Steve decided, casting a dubious look at one of the scenes that seemed to depict a rather improbable encounter between a man and a many-armed sea creature.  Cam had added some kind of spicy-scented oil to the water that stuck to Steve’s skin and left it soft and gleaming.  Steve leaned his head back against the edge of the tub and closed his eyes, letting his mind drift.
“It’ll stay colder out there than in the ‘fridge,” Steve explained.  Tony looked over at him with a flat, apologetic smile.   Steve caught his eye, then looked down and away, hands going to his hips.  Baby steps. Wooing, Tony reminded himself.
“You heard,” Steve said with a grimace.
“It plays music!” Tony called back. “Doesn’t it? You like the music, don’t you? Tell Papa you like the music,” Tony encouraged lightly, winking down at Lily, who promptly tried to eat her fingers.
Tony stared at the door for a second, then twisted around to watch Happy do a three-point turn and head off down the drive, sending tufts of dust in the car’s wake.  When it disappeared around the bend, he sucked in a shaky breath and walked the few paces up to the door and pushed it open.  Steve was standing at the kitchen sink with a hand braced on either side of it where the metal rim met the countertop.  The water was running from the faucet in a long, continuous stream.
Not that it had changed anything, except his subsequent attempts at defiance in the form of not immediately capitulating to Howard’s plans appeared to have cemented Howard’s idea that he needed an Alpha who would, in his father’s words, “appreciate that he needed a firm hand.”  So.  That didn’t sound particularly promising.
“No, no, I distinctly remember you daring me,” Tony said in a considering tone.
“I know,” Tony replied, stepping closer and winding his arms around Steve’s waist. Steve let go of the tree to pull Tony into his arms, only then realizing he had ground his fingers so deeply into the wood, he could feel the splinters digging under his nails.  “I know you are.”
“Never really had much schooling.  Mostly my Ma helped me a bit at home, on account of the Public School Society not allowing Catholics.  She could read, my Ma, and she taught me as best she could. I’m not the best, but I can manage. The Bible was all we had to go by when I was little. Liked the Psalms the best, those were nice,” Steve told the creature.  It gave him a sort of troubled look, which Steve supposed probably meant it didn’t quite understand.
The diver was in an old-fashioned dive suit.  Not old-fashioned to him, of course.  Just to everyone else.  It was quaint.  Humorous, even.
He stared at the ceiling for a long time, rolling it all over in his head until he thought it was probably more jumbled than it had been before.  Maybe Rhodey was right.  Maybe Steve would understand. Forgive him. Maybe it would work out.  God, he needed it to work out.  What had seemed manageable a few days ago, losing Steve, now seemed unimaginable.  How had he ever thought he could walk away from this without leaving some part of himself behind?
He wasn’t sure who he was trying to convince.
“I spent most of it in cryosleep,” the alien explained.  “When I felt the need come upon me, I had no choice. As my time got closer, it became too painful to continue.  Cryosleep was the only way to stave off the inevitable.”
“You’re not that old.  I mean, not that much older than I am,” Tony observed.   “Only a few years, really.”
“You ever actually grill before?” Rhodey asked, looking down at the grill’s display, which was blinking ERR.
Literally anything else.
“I would have wanted to,” Steve replied, almost wistfully.  “We had a bad guy to fight.  Then.  It was easy, in a way.  Not the war itself.  That was—I—I’m sure that was anything but easy.  But, signing up.  That was—that would’ve seemed so clear,” Steve said, clearing his throat. “Go fight Hitler.  Save the world, right?  That’s what we were supposed to do,” Steve finished in a caustic, bitter tone that sounded tired and wrung out.  He glanced over at Tony and let a out a breath, shaking his head and pinching the bridge of his nose between his fingers.  “Sorry, I—forget it, I’m just tired.  I—forget it.”
“What do you mean? Deny me the life I would choose?” Steve pressed.
“Already working on it.  Luckily, his service record is impeccable.  I think I can spin pretty much anything they want to throw at us, but I’d like to be spinning a happy ending.  A bit easier,” Pepper said.
“Just up,” Tony said with a shrug.  “Couldn’t sleep.  Might as well get started.”
“Tony, then.  My mom always called me Steven, at least when I was in for it,” Captain Rogers told him, almost sheepishly, with a twisted sort of lopsided smile ghosting over his face, gone before it really had a chance to take hold.  “Which was a lot of the time,” he admitted.
“Yeeeeesssss,” Tony ground out, drawing out the word in obvious frustration.  He scrubbed his hands up and down his face, then through his hair, leaving it sticking out at odd angles.  “Anyone ever tell you that you’re stubborn as a damn mule with an Atlas-complex?  I’m so confused.  Why are we arguing again?” Tony asked, smacking his hands down on the table so that the silverware clanked against the plates.
“You’re a romantic sap, Anthony Stark,” Steve said, sounding pleased at the idea.
It was an absurd notion, of course, Steve thought, as their caravan passed a decimated field and the charred remains of what had once been a small farm. This was no place for the King, and Tony was needed in the city, working to restore the Realm from the damage done by Pierce and Schmidt and, perhaps most devastating of all, the mistrust and loss of faith in the Crown that Stane had wrought. The people needed their King, needed to see him standing next to them as they fought to recover, not have him stuck out here in some scorched patch of earth, chasing rats down their tunnels. Tony out here, it was ridiculous. Impossible. It was. It
“Sh-should I…” Steve tried to ask, his hand stuttering out towards Tony’s cock. But Tony shook his head and dipped his mouth back down to Steve’s throat.  Okay, then. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be doing here, but he couldn’t stop himself from arching his back towards Tony’s mouth as he licked and sucked his way down Steve’s neck and over his collarbone.  Tony paused in his ministrations and looked up at Steve and then down where Steve’s cock bobbed between their bodies, and Steve knew he should be embarrassed, but he didn’t care if Tony would just touch him for God’s sake and he heard a huff of soft laughter and realized he might have said that out loud.  As if from the end of a tunnel, he heard Tony remove something from the nightstand and rub his hands together and then whatever mumbled apology he might have uttered for being so needy was swallowed back by a cry as Tony wrapped his warm hand around Steve’s cock and rubbed his calloused thumb over the length, tracing the slit on the head and finding it wet with pre-cum, spreading it in circles, wetting the head and rubbing in a gentle rhythm that had Steve bucking his hips into Tony’s hand without any thought to what he was doing, just
, and Tony didn’t know what that said.  Or, didn’t like what that said.
“I’m sorry,” Tony replied, voice gruff with emotion.  “You want, we can go down and see her. After the thing with Ross is done. Maybe stop at the Tower on the way back.  Get away from all this a little.  Let things settle.”
“Yeah, um…yeah, well, I…I’m…” Steve stumbled on, not really sure how to answer that one.  Why hadn’t he thought this through more?  It had seemed so simple as he buttoned his cufflinks and tied his tie tonight.  “working.  I’m working.  So, um, excuse me.  So sorry, really, I hope I didn’t get anything on you?” Steve finished, glancing down at the man’s suit to look for signs of stains and instead catching onto the fact that the guy was dressed impeccably, in what must have been a custom tailored suit.  Damn. Figures it would be one of the big-wigs he’d literally run into.
“That’s alright, ah, Captain, is it? Is Tony okay?  Is he with you?  What is going on?” Pepper asked, words tumbling out in a rush.
“Good,” Tony said, turning to face the last moments of sunlight just as the Skywalk’s lights flickered on.
Steve thought that was a good idea, all things considered, and let Tony help him to the bed.  Tony somehow got him out of the golden shirt, wiped down and into the bed while Steve just sort of allowed it to happen.  He couldn’t seem to get any traction on actually doing anything. It seemed easier to simply let Tony handle it.
“I can’t,” Tony announced, stopping abruptly in the middle of the lobby.  “I’m sorry.  I can’t.”  His couldn’t make his hands stop shaking, so he started snapping his fingers together, an old habit from when he seemed to have too much energy to stay still and quiet and it all wanted to escape through his mouth or hands.  Or maybe his hands were still and his body was shaking.  Hard to say.  His heart was pounding so hard against his ribs that it felt as if it could be sending reverberations throughout his body, which was both crazy and probably true.  Coulson and Steve exchanged a look that was probably disappointment, but Tony couldn’t focus on either of them long enough to care.
“Doesn’t matter,” Tony snapped back in a tight, clipped tone.  “So, here’s what’s going to happen.  I’m buying your little company here—”
Partial chapter.  Sorry for the short update, but the second half is almost done.  Thank you again for reading, commenting and all the kudos.  You guys rock!
