“The physiotherapist is going to come tomorrow instead of today. Makes more sense anyway if we give your muscles time to relax.” Sherlock stated, sitting on the couch in shoes and a black suit.
Sherlock managed to retrieve the phone without getting up. He supposed he had stretched a muscle in his arm, though.
There were certain things so desperately unspoken in 221b that it made John stop in his tracks, even in a situation as serious for the world as it was right now, to hear Sherlock acknowledge what they both knew all along.
“If you must. Clearly, you do. You’ve been thinking about it since the minute we started.” Sherlock’s voice was dripping with disgust.
John listened to Sherlock’s steps in the living room as he crossed to the stairs. Out of modesty, he lay fully clothed on his bed with open curtains and an additional lighted lamp beside his bed.
John had come so hard that evening, he didn’t fall asleep. He passed out. And although it had been the strongest orgasm of his life, he couldn’t enjoy the experience or the memory of it. The bulge had never been this big. Alarmingly big.
“Sherlock!” He screamed when he spent himself inside the Omega. He was still kneeling with Sherlock toppled over him, resting his head on John’s shoulder, while the aftershocks rippled through his body.
“I love you, John.” He said, sliding his hands down John’s chest until he touched the point of their connection. “I want you to make me yours. Take me, John.”
“Doctor Watson is out there!” yelled out another Detective Sergeant as he finally used his billy club to forcefully bash a Buckingham demon in the head and shove him off his body before it could stab him.
Then to everyone’s surprise at the end of their dance, Steve then reached out with one hand to offer to Sherlock.  A bit suspicious, Sherlock took it and had the good Captain America lead the Detective to the dance floor while Bucky did a bow and offered his hand to John Watson.
Sam pieced it together as he asked, frowning, “Wait…you’re having Steve and Sherlock solve cold cases?  On their honeymoon?”
After all, no one really wants to kill someone with Chic’s “Le Freak” gauchely playing the background.
Instantly, the Heartless began to shudder, quivering as if going through a stroke, its yellow eyes even more wild and glassy than before as the protection enchantments began to weaken and fragment…
John then blinked at the weapon in Sherlock’s hands, still outlined in halos of black colored light.
Only to carelessly slip of a patch of ice, spread evenly in his path on top of the soil and grass sod before he crashed face-first into the ground, wounding his nose as coins scattered from the open sack everywhere.
“You’re gonna get it now, you tight-assed spaz!” laughed Bucky like a demented villain from a horror movie as he waved around with the revving chainsaw in both of his hands.  Now satisfied that the violent chase was outside the apartment, Steve and John continued their on-line tribute as if nothing had happened.
John nodded and glided ahead of the others, back into solider-mode. But before long he found himself stooping lower and lower as the roof above them got lower and lower and the concave walls closer and closer. Soon, he moved in an inelegant, crouch-walk. He wondered when he would have to get on his hands and knees.
But Mary had quickly taken advantage of the situation. She pulled the Berretta Rucastle had tucked into the back of his khakis trousers. She pulled the trigger.
Sherlock brightened, “Ah, the theory of the multi-verse. Before I had settled upon chemistry as my main course of study while at university, I had flirted with physics. After all, isn’t how the universe works the greatest mystery of all? Also, there is no concrete evidence that alternate universes do not exist within a multi-verse, but alas, the vice-versa is also true. Physics sadly merely served to frustrate me instead of challenge me as I could only theorize but never properly prove any of my theories, therefore being able to convert my hypotheses into proper scientific laws.” Pettishly, he added, “Not to mention for some reason, no one trusted me around a particle accelerator…”
“You should probably not opine on topics you have no knowledge about,” Sherlock had shuddered, thinking about the clowder of cats running rampant in Dupin’s flat amongst the mouldy newspapers and food-encrusted tins.
John idly wondered if Molly Hooper Lestrade had been on Trifexanor. She had admitted to John on one of the last times he had visited her she hadn’t been faithful about taking her pills during the brief period where she and Greg had been split up.
There was just enough space on the tiny countertop for a coffeepot, a bowl full of whatever fruit was available at the shops, and a toaster. They never used the cooker after they learned the hard way that firing it up changed the cabin from being uncomfortably warm to unbearably hot. The tiny refrigerator however was full to bursting, mostly with cold drinks.
She got along with Arthur, even found him attractive. However she had learned the hard way not to mix business with pleasure.
. Gagnon said this flat was still an active crime scene. But it’s unprotected and has been cleared, which means any lingering evidence had been cleared away. Gagnon was right, but he didn’t realize he was right. This flat is still an active crime scene because it’s a bolt-hole for the
Then John delivered a brutal home truth to Sherlock about Violet. Sherlock reacted accordingly. He became snappish and cold.
John inserted the iStick into the iPad. He sat down on the bed and started downloading the files. Meanwhile Sherlock paced back and forth, jiggling his keys in his pocket as he muttered: “Sara Govmux left The Letter as a smokescreen, knowing that The Letter is less valuable than what is on that memory stick. But she took great pains to hide that memory stick.”
. After that tedious meeting with Inspector Clouseau was concluded (or so he thought it was concluded by standing up, using his body language as a signal for dismissal as well as a sign of superiority and dominance), he booted up laptop to email Honoré. I observed the reflection of the laptop screen on his eyeglasses.”
He realized he couldn’t ride the Tube indefinitely. He had to decide where he was going, where he was going to spend the night. He hadn’t been exactly sure where he was going when he initially boarded the carriage. He had switched lines out of instinct, no… out of habit. When he looked up at the map, he realized where his subconscious had sent him.
Violet scooped up the Smith & Wesson and tucked into the back of her jeans. She left Julia without a backwards glance.
When John tried to protest, he had shrugged languidly and explained, “I was born into privilege, therefore it is my privilege to give you money that I don’t need and you do.”
Sherlock observed how Violet’s nails dug into Janine’s soft flesh. “Violet, let her go,” he said softly while thinking,
“Then you best make a lasting impression,” Mr. Holmes said. “My little bird told me something else. Something interesting.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” John fluttered his golden lashes. “But my medical license has been suspended. It is currently illegal for me to practice medicine.” He smiled angelically, knowing full well the man was in no danger of dying. He just didn’t feel like patching up Mycroft’s minion.
The joy fizzling out of his victory, John plodded out of the office buildings. He was in the process of texting Mary the good news when a silky voice whispered, “Congratulations, doctor.”
Violet immediately started blinking her eyes rapidly. “My mum’s in the cancer wing,” she whispered, her hazel eyes shining with crocodile tears. Sherlock, master of crying on cue, would have been impressed, possibly even a bit proud. “There’s not much time left…” Violet allowed a big, fat, fake tear to roll down her cheek.
His hands were in her hair now, his fingers twisted her curls, seeking her mouth again, which she gladly gave him. His entire body shivered as she dragged her nails up and down his back, then she reached and dragged her fingertips down his leg and up again, then down again then up towards…
“You should really be more mindful of your accent, my dear Miss Smith. I believe the Queen herself could have heard your colorful language when that rat scurried out of the drain.”
“Turn around,” Violet kept her finger on the trigger finger. She had no problem “accidentally” shooting him.
John’s slightly panicked voice sounded tinny though the tiny iPhone speakers. Despite that, it was clearly audible:
The confused look slipped off her face. Violet Hunter rolled her eyes and whispered, “That jackass,” under her breath. Then she re-assumed her “Miss Smith” persona as Wiggins climbed into the driver’s seat. Mary and Sherlock got into the van as well. After some confusion as to who was sitting where (since Gladstone had decided that the entire third row of seats was his), they began their hour drive to the Copper Beaches.
“Oh. Yeah, I just… yeah,” John mumbled while wondering why Sherlock was being so secretive. Every time Mycroft attempted to bug 221B Baker Street, Sherlock found them and crushed them under the heel of his expensive Italian shoes as if they really were actual insects. “Thought you’d like to know that everything’s alright between us now, Mary and me.”
Before she hit the button on the pump that would bring her blessed relief, she stretched her hand out to Sherlock. “I’m sorry I hurt you, for all the ways I hurt you.”
She approached the bush trimmed into a rabbit that vaguely reminded Violet of Frank the Bunny from the cult film
Sherlock scowled. “I’m just having a bit of fun for once, Mycroft. Get off your high horse. Like you
“Because your fucking brother told me to stay away from you,” Victor scratched the side of his nose. “That’s why I didn’t say anything sooner.”
He drew her back to him and steadfastly ignored Mycroft and Mitton as he tilted her face up for one last kiss. She clutched the lapels of his Belstaff as tears continued to stream down her face.
Then her eyes roved back to her email Inbox and saw various emails from several of her girls. The subject lines all said about the same thing: “I Quit”, “Two Weeks Notice”, Separation from Service”, “Fuck this Shit”,  “Fuck You”, etc… etc…
“How droll you are,” Mycroft sneered. “What do you need? Or rather, what does my brother need as I am assuming this pertains to the case at hand?”
“My…” Violet instinctively covered the dainty gold wristwatch her brother had given her as a birthday gift. “Watch?”
John thumbed in his password then opened the camera roll app on his smartphone. ”Would you recognize this girl?” He handed his mobile to Missy.
If the views in New Zealand had surprised John with their beauty, then the ones in Switzerland completely knocked his socks off. John had not been expecting the overwhelming loveliness of the country, had not expected to see so much
“Go on!” Rucastle said brightly. “Finish your drink.” As Violet threw the vile martini down her throat, Rucastle said, “Tell your detective-fiancé I’m an enormous fan of his work. That blog his partner writes… I read it when I have designer’s block.”
Before John could determine if that was a rhetorical question or if Sherlock was really asking, Dupin had returned from the Gents. “Order what you like,” he said graciously. “I’m never charged for anything here.”
Tall, blonde, huge blue eyes and pouty lips, wearing an expensive suit clearly tailored just for him. He had a few smile lines and eye-crinkles, which only gave character to his otherwise smooth, pale face. (
?” Mrs. Holmes pressed her knuckles over her eyes then her mouth. Her shoulders shook. She reached into the sleeve of her woolly dressing gown and plucked out a tissue. “Don’t you think I know that?” she lowered her voice. She swiped at her eyes then blew her nose. Binning the used tissue, she told Violet, “Let me tell you the last piece of the puzzle, the part you don’t understand, the reason why we didn’t do The Right Thing. After hearing me out, then you can judge me…”
Violet could only stare numbly at the raw, red gashes visible above the lacy trim as well as a few brownish-red stripes on the camisole where her wounds had bled through. “Oh my God, Irene, what happened?”
“You look well,” he put the cap on the marker. “But, knowing you, this isn’t a social visit, is it?”
As everyone else rose to their feet, Sherlock stealthily took out his mobile and quickly thumbed a text to John. Then he slipped the mobile back into his trousers pocket.
“I might be able to pull the CCTV footage if you can get me the exact time and date,” Violet whispered. “Assuming it hasn’t been deleted. While Sherlock was in the exam room this morning, getting poked and prodded, I was able to get in touch with one of his Homeless Network contacts. He’ll be expecting Sherlock. I can’t go, not now. I figure John will want to stay to keep an eye on Sherlock and also to talk to me about the two cases. Tell John you need to go home, but make him to stay here tonight. Tell him some big fib. That I’m utterly overwhelmed and can’t possibly handle Sherlock on my own or whatever you think he’ll believe. You’ll be meeting Wiggins at ten o’clock tonight at the Red Lion in Mayfair. Are you familiar with him?”
He caught up with the young man in two long-legged steps and quickly scanned him. He concluded that while the young man was armed (
Rage robbed her of speech and her entire body shook with a ferocity John had never seen her display before. Oh, he had seen her enraged, had watched her beat the hell out of Philip Anderson, had watched her murder Jack Woodley but
too.” Seeing the nurse’s face softening, Violet found her pressure point and pushed with a gentle hand. “She’s like a sister to us. We just got here from Cornwall and this whole affair has been so upsetting, I,” she flicked her exhausted eyes up at Sherlock. “
“You sold him out,” Violet crossed her arms tightly against her body as Gladstone padded up next to her, his paws crunching in the snow. “You sold him out as a child and you have been selling him out ever since. You sold him out to Moriarty,
“Honestly? You’re still whinging about your damn hair?” Sherlock removed his fake eyeglasses and rubbed his own eyes. “And do you have eye-drops?”
He knew he was behaving like a complete idiot, a gigantic soppy prat indeed. But he reasoned with himself that it calmed her to touch him. Normally level-headed and matter-of-fact, she had not been acting like herself lately. She had been tetchy and fatigued for about a fortnight now. And if a little hair-ruffling and handholding soothed her, it seemed logical to let her continue.
“Yes, but I’ll be the one who will actually solve the case,” Sherlock sniped back. “So it’s only logical that she should send the information to me directly.”
Violet gave Sherlock a quick hug, as was her way. While “Miss Smith” was reserved and stand-offish, Violet Hunter was always a bit more touchy-feely. Not in an invasive sort of a way, but she was a hugger and a hand-holder, John noticed.
In her eyes, he was old enough to know better. Old enough to know he should have gone to an adult. If not their parents, a teacher or a police officer or a physician,
“I think…” Molly mumbled into his chest. “I think we need to seriously start thinking about and discussing moving.”
After her conversation with Green, Violet had crashed. But she woke up around nine-thirty, her body aching and her throat parched. After a glass of water and a cup of coffee (her stomach still felt off) Violet made a few calls to the bigger hospitals, faking an Australian accent the best of her ability, as it was not as similar to a British accent as she thought. She claimed to be his wife, so the admissions nurse could release information about him to her. Her attempts had been in vain. None of the hospitals she had called had admitted a man matching Peters’ description for a gunshot wound. That was not good. That meant she only winged him.
“What the bloody hell,” Lestrade’s angry voice made both Violet and Sherlock jump. “Are you two doing here?”
She knew the shopping centre Whiteleys was not terribly far from Leinster Gardens. She knew there was a Starbucks on the lower level she could nip into quick for a Venti cup of caffeine. She also knew where the closest ladies’ lavatory to Starbucks was so she could freshen up a bit before getting coffee. She ran her tongue over her teeth again, embarrassed even though she was alone. She hated how filmy and scummy her mouth felt. She could only imagine what her breath smelled like. Fortunately, she found a roll of breath-mints in her rucksack. She put her make-up away and immediately popped a mint in her mouth. Suddenly starving, she crunched the candy into bits instead of sucking on it.
“Jim Moriarty, I know, I know. God, that makes me sick, what that bastard did to you. How can I help? Tell me.”
“To New York, yes,” she yawned. “The rest of it….” she shook her head against his chest. “I want to do that part by myself. And you’d be bored during the trip.” Besides,” she yawned again. “You hate spending a minute out of London longer than necessary.
As the guard bolted from John, Sherlock wasted no time, he unknotted and unwound Violet’s scarf off her neck as quickly as he could. Then he pressed it against her bleeding back. The crimson turned sanguine in seconds, a gruesome maroon.
, Lestrade put a paternal arm around her shoulders so she wouldn’t flop over like a rag doll. Then he smiled affectionately at the back of the Watsons’ heads, John’s silvery-sandy one and Mary’s bright platinum one. The girl was in good hands.
Violet held herself as rigid as possible while he gracefully sat down next to her, his Belstaff buttoned up to his throat. She noticed his scarf was missing then decided she didn’t care.
“Jesus Christ,” Violet said hoarsely. “You really don’t know.” After Mycroft gave her another filthy look, she whispered, “She was discovered at… an auction.”
“Oh thank you, God,” Mary, already worn out after five minutes of Mrs. Holmes’ fussing, whispered to herself as she massaged her temple.
When the chaplain’s car had pulled up in front of her grandmother’s house that horrible gray day, her grandma had switched the vacuum off and started untying the unflattering daisy-patterned apron she wore to protect her dress while doing chores.
“Please,” John snorted, his cheeks starting to flush from the newly ignited wrath. “Mary would blow a hole through their foreheads before they would even time to click the gun safety off.”
“Oh no,” Jim started walking backwards. “We’ll go out together. The boy’s my insurance until we’re safely out the door. Just, let me know if there are any stairs or if I’m about to run into someone or something. Wouldn’t do to have a tumble with the little man in my arms, would it?”
” Violet squawked, anger starting to spark deep inside her. She whirled around, holding a hairbrush in one hand and trying to hold onto her can of mousse in the other. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
He ended up fiddling about some more on a poem he had been fiddling about with now and again. He had challenged himself, just for the satisfaction of seeing if he could produce a decent one, to write haikus. Some he felt were quite nice. Others, he had to admit, were complete crap.
” she snapped as Sherlock skipped up the ladder. “God, I hope you’ve had your tetanus shots,” she added when she thought about how rusty those nails had to be after all this time.
Sherlock stood tall, shoulders squared. He was glad he hadn’t shaved today. The stubble served as additional proof he had left childhood eons ago.
She kept her eyes closed as John’s stubby fingers lightly squeezed her right wrist. “Sally,” he crooned, “Did they hurt you before putting you inside the coffin?”
“Ah!” Sherlock’s eyes glowed whenever he made a brilliant deduction. “You want to return to the FBI as penance. “He gloated, “To atone for your misdeeds by capturing other criminals.”
“I picked up where you left off,” he told Donovan instead. “Started digging into Holmes and know what I had found? Before I applied for my transfer to CID,” he explained. “I used to work in the Gangs and Organized Crime division. Sometimes I was partnered up with Lestrade. I don’t know if you knew he used to be SCO19, when he was young.  Lost the taste for it, preferred to mop up a crime scene instead of going in guns blazing while a crime was in progress,” Mason said disdainfully even though he would have caked himself if he had seen the action Lestrade had before he made the decision to transfer to the Homicide and Serious Crime Division. Mason only felt bitter that Lestrade had moved up the ranks of the Criminal Investigation Department faster than he had. “Lot of times, my division helped with drugs busts, especially when we took down gang-affiliated dealers peddling their poison. Also infiltrated loads of drug dens, never knew what we were going to find.”
Unbeknownst to John, Mycroft had decided to honor Violet’s request to move John from his solitary room at Saint Charles Hospital to Mary’s room at St Bart’s. An hour before Sherlock and Violet had entered
As she walked away from the cab and towards the stadium, she wondered if there were CCTV cameras by the Sox-35 Stop. Her stomach lurched, trying to think if there were cameras and if there was, had enough of her face been visible for a positive photo identification?
Irene accepted it, her own hand just as shaky. “Irene Adler. Pleasure.”  Wincing, she pushed herself off the ground. “Come on. We can’t stay, we’ll freeze to death. We need to warm up and we need to find the boys.”
Anthea held up a finger to shush Mycroft and the balding MI-6 agent. “He’s in a cab, he’s…” Anthea grabbed a pen, started writing on a manila folder on Mycroft’s desk that contained this month’s expense reports. “Hold on, she’s giving me the plate numbers....”
Sherlock slipped his hand into John’s. Knitted his long, elegant fingers with John’s short, stubby ones and ran his thumb over John’s warm skin, enjoying the novelty of actually holding his hand, “Very well, if you insist.”
He didn’t even open his eyes when he answered her, “Mm. Charming child. Do you need a tetanus shot? ”
“Never mind, it couldn’t be helped,” Mycroft had sighed, shaking his head. “Dr. Hoop- ah, I mean, Dr. Lestrade is far craftier than she was given credit for,” he reached for his mobile, appearing to lose interest in the agents. “After all, she was instrumental in the success of The Fall. Without her, my brother wouldn’t have had freedom of movement for two years, crippling Moriarty’s cult. Continue visual surveillance, maintain a reasonable distance. Dr. Lestrade is still a target as she is still considered a close confidant of my brother. When the Lestrades lower their guard, we’ll reinstall the cameras and bugs,” He nodded at the agents, a dismissal.
“Shit,” Violet Hunter had whispered to herself. But Violet Smith had called out loudly “She’s down here Mrs. Toller!”
“It’s starting to come together now, isn’t it?” Mycroft said silkily. “Allow me to fill in the rest of the missing pieces so you can see why I need you. Lady Smallwood and I weren’t the only ones Magnussen was blackmailing, you see. Somehow he discovered who Mary Morstan really was, probably and logically when she got engaged to the famous Consulting Detective’s partner. What he threatened her with, I have no idea. The logical theory is he wanted her to do one last job, only with Magnussen-”
Dexterous fingers undid the knots and pulled the cords off her wrists. Rucastle had tied her up with his phone charger cord. Violet groaned with relief as she flexed her fingers. As she started to climb out of the trunk, the familiar voice said “Let me help you, Miss Smith.”
A social worker named Josephine Stangerson called them, not the usual one they worked with. There was a crisis situation, an infant girl had been abandoned, both her parents died and they had been unable to locate any other living relatives. Would they be interested in fostering with the possibility of adopting?
The bathroom room slowly opened. An older woman, with a striking resemblance to the late Princess Diana and an identical appearance to Lady Hilda Trelawney-Hope came out. She held a black jumper, designer jeans, plain white pants and an everyday beige bra in her left hand. In her right hand, she held a Smith & Wesson 9MM, pointing it at Irene’s heart.
“Five little Holmes, all in a row,” she murmured as she rested her chin on her fingertips and her elbows on her knees.
“Thanks for pointing out my hair looks like shit,” Violet said dryly, shedding layers until she was down to her T-shirt, the same black T-shirt she had been wearing since she fled her Chinatown studio. She suddenly craved clean clothes as fiercely as she craved a cigarette.
Cosmetics couldn’t even conceal her fatigue anymore. If anything, the heavy foundation she wore to hide her freckles made her look worse. The color of her foundation didn’t match the pallor of her skin anymore.
.  “Greg,” he nodded at the detective-inspector. “Are you Mrs. Watson?” he asked Mary gently. “You are also employed here, yes? In the A&E?”
her,” Sherlock said, thumbing through the file. Then he snapped the file shut and said “Right, John, you speak to Molly. I need to ensure my…” he rolled his eyes, “
“Oh,” Mary breathed, realizing John had entrusted her with a major secret about his best friend. “No,” she said, putting her fingers to his lips. “Don’t say anything more. That’s his story to tell. But thank you for trusting me to keep it a secret and helping me understand Sherlock a little better.” She kissed him almost reverently. “I love you, John Watson.”
Like Sherlock, like John, like Lisbeth, Peters knew that being shot was nothing like the movies. He had been shot before, occupational hazard. But he had never been shot like
“I like Mary, I really do. I even encouraged John to go out with her after he had met her. He was so gone on her, it was endearing, adorable really. More importantly, she finally pulled John out of his funk after he thought Sherlock was dead,” her cheeks reddened, as they always did when she talked about the Fall. Whenever she talked about it, she thought about her role in it. “But when John told me he was going to propose and asked for my opinion on rings… I dunno, I just thought he was going too fast.”
Once he was at the foot of the stairs, he said sharply, “Violet I need to talk…” but the words died on John’s lips when he saw Violet.
“Yeah,” John pulled his cardigan on with a wince then tucked the crutches underneath his armpits. “Lead on, MacDuff.”
“Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, retired. He’s with me,” Lestrade pulled John’s rank for him. John and Lestrade flanked the security guard. Lestrade pulled out his mobile, having a photograph of Sherlock at the ready, “We need to pull security footage of the last hour or so. We need to find this man and his wife. They are both in serious danger. He’s not answering his mobile and she might not be able to, if her flight is starting to land and she had to turn hers off.”
Sherlock opened an eye. Saw John sitting next to him, wearing a grey t-shirt and jeans, but rumpled and comfortable-looking, not sleek and stylish like Victor’s clothes. John held out a full bottle of water to him. Condensation ran down the bottle and dripped onto the rooftop. John held a half-full water bottle in his other hand.
“And you are a whiny little brat when you’re sick.” Violet got off the bed. Screwed her face up, then said, “When your coughs become… productive… I won’t complain if you want to keep the sputum as samples so you can look at them underneath the microscope.”
Sherlock then perceived that many of diners really were British A-list celebrities. He noticed a few American celebrities as well, mostly actors shooting films on location in London. Sherlock observed many of the celebrities (British and American) rolling their eyes or shaking their heads slightly in annoyance as Rucastle paraded through the restaurant. The Americans, of course, were more obvious in their dislike for the fashion designer. One American actor (actually quite a prominent film star who was in many super-hero movies) actually mouthed to his wife, “Fuck, who let that asshole in?” His wife tried to hide her snicker by taking a big drink of wine.
“Some, no, pardon wrong English word,” Dupin took his skull-cap off. John saw he had a deeply receding widow’s peak. What little hair he had was buzzed as short as possible. “
“Nah, caught my second wind. But,” Josie took the script from Evie and opened it to the first page. “You have to promise me you won’t apply at Westaways.”
, except for when he was arrested for the abduction of the ambassador’s children and for when he and Dr. Watson were both scooped up for being drunk and disorderly after getting pissed at the good doctor’s stag party. All of his offences are just… gone…
He decided he was not going to tell Sally he took the Lady Smallwood’s case because he knew Magnussen was blackmailing Mycroft.
“You’re just postponing the inevitable,” Violet set the plate down on the coffee table. She reached for the coffee mug and then hesitated.
As Gladstone gratefully watered a lamp post, Sherlock fished his mobile out of his trousers’ pocket. He hit a speed-dial number.
“Your feelings for the American are clouding your judgment,” Mycroft watched his brother thirstily drink another cup of tea, “as your feelings have always clouded your judgment.”
"Softly, he began to sing the same song to her as his mother had sung to him and his sister Harry when they were small… 'You are my sunshine, my only sunshine… you make me happy, when skies are grey…'"
“Oh, Sherlock told me you’ve been a bit out of sorts. He asked me to pick up a few things since you wouldn’t feel like going out.” She paused. “Although I do confess, I became a little worried about you. I thought it was something serious, since he was… ah…”
“It’s alright,” she walked around to leave the first bunch of flowers on Harry’s grave, placing them next to the yellow daffodils. “I’ve come out here by myself at times too. Just to have a quiet moment to myself,” she placed the second bunch on his mother’s grave. She stood up and looked down at the littlest gravesite. She blew out a shaky little breath.
But the Professor had lost this round; John, stubborn, wonderful man that he was, refused to die. Sherlock refused to leave his side. He rode with him in the ambulance, longing to shout instructions to the medics, but wise enough to keep his mouth shut. He prowled outside the surgery theater, scaring off anyone who tried to escort him to the waiting room with only a look. Once John was wheeled out of surgery, Sherlock followed. He grabbed a chair and parked himself next to him, watching John breathe and waiting for the inevitable arrival of his wife.
There appeared to be no one around in the deserted street, except for the homeless man, hood of his filthy sweatshirt pulled over his head, propped up against one of the large industrial bins. Despite the heat, he was also wrapped up in a filthy orange blanket. He hadn’t moved when she had cried out.
“If you order a cup of coffee along with a cheese toastie and only take,” Mycroft pulled out an old-fashioned gold pocket watch from the waistcoat of his three-piece suit. “No more than fifteen minutes to eat it at the café, we should all arrive at Appledore at approximately the same time. The time you take to order, eat and settle the check will give me enough time to pick up John and leave in order to meet you two at Appledore at the same time. We should not go to this property alone, Sherlock.”
spring clean-up a few years back. John looked up just in time to see Sherlock’s face turn a delicate shade of greenish-white.
“I just got the numbers in for the digital downloads as well and it’s Number Nine on iTunes, Number Seven on BarnesandNoble.com and Number Thirteen on Amazon, which are also enormous jumps as well. And we’ve settled on a  date for the hard-cover release of
“She didn’t,” Sherlock said coldly. “And not only will I prove she didn’t kill herself, but I’ll prove that the Earl coerced Jepthro Rucastle into murdering her so he could claim her share of the Cullen-Culpepper inheritance.”
Sherlock had miraculously kept his mouth closed until the very end. In fact, his eyes had fluttered shut and his head had dipped. John was afraid he would start snoring. He had to elbow Sherlock in the ribs once the briefing was over. As they had been exiting the conference room, a well-meaning fellow had started fawning over Sherlock and John.
But as usual, Mycroft had ulterior motives. He most definitely wasn’t protecting Violet out of the goodness of his heart.
He stepped away from her and waited for the praise. Like a little boy who brought a finger-painting home from nursery school and was waiting for Mummy to call him a little Picasso.
Retaliation Harry delivered swiftly. Her deep-blue eyes narrowed. “You sounded just like Dad just then, did you know that?”
“Suicide kills two people, Miss Smith. The press got it in their heads that I drove my first wife to kill herself. What was worse, my daughter believed them. Believed that I could have done that to her mother… well, it pains me to admit that because of the filth the paparazzi spread, I do not have a relationship with my daughter. She moved to America years ago… Philadelphia.”
But just as Toller advanced towards Violet, Rucastle moved far faster than she could have imagined a man his size could and grabbed her tightly by her upper arm. He started hauling her away, pushing the muzzle of John’s gun underneath her chin. Over his shoulder he yelled at the Tollers, “GO,” as he forced Mary back towards the garage.
His mother tried to sound blithe but Mycroft knew she had wanted to beg off and stay home with her youngest boy, still a baby in her eyes. There had been a bit of a row, more of a tiff really. His father ended up convincing his mother to leave William in Nanny Rose’s capable hands.
“Speaking of ‘Miss Smith,’” Sherlock put his tea cup in the saucer with a tiny clink. “Has the successful raid of the London
Mycroft had signed off on the execution order then proceeded to obliterate Matthew Sherrinford Holmes’ existence.
. You were so fucking wrapped up the details that you completely forgot that the sum of the whole is greater than the parts. You were so obsessed with his drug use, his boyfriends, his lack of peers his age, his
Dupin found a backdoor and jimmied the lock open. He jerked his head, signaling Sherlock and John to follow him. They run up the stairwell at a clip. John kept the gun barrel pointed down, but his finger stayed on the trigger.
“OK, you are not allowed to sing any lullabies to Henry,” Molly ran her hands over her baby bump. “Give him nightmares you will.”
Hope everyone had a happy Easter weekend, if you celebrate that sort of thing. If you don't, I hope you had a happy weekend anyway.
Violet felt her gut clench hard and tight as she passed by Lord Heathcliff Cullen-Culpepper, the Earl of Winchester.
With a sigh of pure relief, she took off the hellish high heels. Not giving a single damn about the hours of craftsmanship put into the dress, Violet yanked the zip down roughly and stuck her hand inside the bodice and peeled away the double-stick tape. “Ow! Fuck,” her eyes watered as the tape pulled at her skin. Once free of the tape, she shimmied out of the horrid dress, hearing some of the seams ripping as she pushed the dress down her hips. She quickly pulled the t-shirt on next, hating the fact she had no bra. She pulled the trousers up and was relieved they mostly fit. The bloke she stole them from must be skinny as a rail as well as short. But she still had to cuff the bottom of the trousers so she wouldn’t trip. Violet then put the ball cap on and tucked her long hair up in it. She took only the necessary items out of the clutch, both of her mobiles, her bank card, what was left of her cash and her false “Violet Smith” identification card and stuck them in the back pocket of the trousers. The rest was useless to her. She slipped her feet into the thongs her Midwestern American mind always called “flip flops”. They were a bit big, but she’d manage.
Part of her wished she had brought Gladstone, but unfortunately he would have slowed them down with puppy-potty breaks. Still… he’d be nice to have along for something like this.
The reaction was immediate but different. While Vibart immediately hissed out, “Shit.” Chibs leaned back in his chair while softly uttering a despondent, “Jesus Christ.” Meanwhile Trager bolted out of his seat, roared, “
The "William Wallace" remark was a tongue-in-cheek reference to the actor who played Chibs in Sons of Anarchy was also in Braveheart. ;^)
“The young man they think is an Interpol agent who turned traitor,” Violet explained as she pulled her hood over her head again. “Sherlock and I couldn’t believe that any of Dupin’s friends would turn on him, so we did a little research. Honoré
“What happened?” she demanded as she saw the car being swarmed by police, MI-6 agents and paramedics. “I didn’t hear any gunfire.”
From the backseat, Dupin quietly informed Sherlock, “My Militia has confirmed that Dr. Watson is on the
“Then where is she?” Lestrade finally took stock of his surroundings. “What the… Sherlock, are you,” he put his finger on the trigger again, even though he kept the gun pointed to the floor. “Are you
Sherlock Fucking Holmes, in jeans and grey T-shirt and slate-grey trainers, leaned against her doorway. She hadn’t even heard him open the door.
“What if Peters shows up at your front door and Susan and her podgy little girlfriend are home alone while you’re with me and Mary is at work? Imagine what he would do to young girls.”
John slowly rolled his head over, another quip on his lips. It died the minute he saw Sherlock’s ashen face, “Sorry, I’m sorry,” he spluttered hastily then in a serious tone, added: “I’m listening.”
Both Violet and Mary positioned themselves so they could see the laptop screen but not be caught on camera. It wouldn’t do, to be photographed.
John steeled himself, recognizing that dangerous tone of the British Government’s voice. Violet did too. She hoisted herself out of John’s chair, her lips folded tight. “Gladstone,
“Ah, Miss Smith,” he spoke with no trace of an Indian accent. His voice was one-hundred-percent public school. He wore tortoise-shell glasses, had a neatly trimmed goatee and a receding widow’s peak. He had a stethoscope around his neck and carried an old fashioned black doctor’s bag. Violet leapt out of bed upon hearing her alias, her bare feet slapping slightly when she landed on the polished hard wood floor. Her head immediately swam when she stood upright and she leaned against the mattress. She reached out with her injured right hand to steady herself but warily eyed the stranger.
“And how will I explain to Dr. Lestrade how I came to possess a severed head? If you think Molly wouldn’t tell Greg, you have taken complete leave of your senses, madam.”
Violet blinked, genuinely startled this time, “Your mom? You said Mycroft bullied her into surrendering all the paperwork and photographs she had of Ford?”
Now he knew John would pant and curse under his breath, his voice smoky like a good whisky. He now knew that John tasted like salt and raw, unprocessed honey.
“Anyway,” Sherlock was positively twitching, about ready to go into convulsions from all the sentiment. “What did you need, Tig?”
“Yes, of course,” Violet gave him a simpering smile and held out her hand. They shook hands, briefly. Violet refrained  from giving her usual hearty handshake. She and Sherlock had  agreed that “Violet Smith 2.0” needed to be a bit more deferential, at least for this case. Especially since Rucastle was a known narcissist. He would not tolerate the Violet Smith who coolly and efficiently ran the insurance agency. So Violet still kept her beautiful manners, but acted more like a lady-in-waiting rather than a queen.
“I am well aware that when you are paralyzed, you will be able to find a way to outwit your enemies with only your eyebrows, but right now time is not on anyone’s side, so do use your head instead of your heart and use me as an asset rather than treating me like a liability so we can all flee this accursed metropolis in one piece!”
While she drooled over the pristine Ducati Monster 821, she forced herself to hop on the Yamaha SR400, the less conspicuous of the two motorcycles.
!” John stuffed his hands in the trouser pockets and started walking even faster to get away from the pair of them.
“What are you doing here?” Violet hissed as Sherlock adjusted the tiny strap holding his frock up over his broad shoulder. “
“Now,” Jim stepped over Violet’s unmoving body to stand closer to Sherlock. “Tell me what you’re wearing, sexy girl.”
Molly’s eyes finally fluttered open, her breath catching. She lay curled up in a ball, her body instinctively protecting the baby within her. Eventually her breathing slowed down. She twisted her head around to look at her husband. “Oh, did I wake you up?” she whispered. “I’m so sorry.”
His grin widened, like a Cheshire cat. Despite the blood and setbacks, this was really turning out to be a fine summer indeed…these cases…
He felt Violet sigh against him. “I pursue unattainable and unfulfilling relationships because I’m afraid if I actually let myself fall in love again, I’ll forget Jordan.”
“Gibson? Dunbar?” the lad asked with a heavy Canadian accent. Violet immediately and correctly guessed the Ontario province. The kid looked nervous and kept glancing at Sherlock as if he felt like he should know who this red-headed man was, but wasn’t entirely sure.
He used the loo then quietly padded to the kitchen for a glass of water. Gladstone had lifted his great big furry head when Sherlock passed the sofa, but plopped it back down again when he realized it was just The Tall One.
He wore one of his usual black suits paired with a crisp white shirt. He sat next to a chestnut-haired tart, wearing a skin-tight electric-blue dress with her tits all but hanging out and
But she wound up in the hospital instead of at Baker Street. And Sergeant Sally Donovan had ignored all the voice mails Violet left for her.
“Your brother,” Mary watched nervously as Sherlock left his post and started snooping around her hospital room. As he located a drawer full of flannels and selected one, she continued to explain: “He called in some favors and got the money.”
He was glad he held his tongue because Violet then said, “But I don’t get that no-prison part, because the bitch shot you, and you are the love of his life.”
John trailed after him, hoping Sherlock’s theatrical exit wouldn’t be ruined by the fact that John still needed to get his coat and scarf back from Anthea.
“Just remember what I said,” John growled. “If I don’t hear from you on a regular basis, I’m going to hunt you down and drag you back to London.”
“Cruel?” Harry laughed again, but this time without any humor. “No, what’s cruel is your dad threatening to disown you for being gay while covering up for your little brother. The golden son gets all the accolades while the girl remains the fuck-up, right Johnny?”
Mary slowly drove past a very modern looking block of flats. The sleek, clean lines of the steel and glass buildings made it stick out like a sore thumb in this trendy, funky section of London.
Gladstone, sensing his distress perhaps, leapt off the sofa and trotted to his side, his nails clicking on the hardwood floor. He whined a little, pressing his snout against Sherlock’s face.
Violet wiped the tears off of her face and squared her shoulders. “No one touches him either. You stop using him to advance your political agenda. After he finds the mole, you leave him the hell alone.”
Toller placed a ridiculous pair of pink spectacles into Rucastle’s hand. Violet was sure Elton John wouldn’t have even worn those glasses. And yet Rucastle slipped the reading glasses on then held the resume at a normal distance from his eyes.
They slipped out of the alley and into another one, weaving around the labyrinth of forgotten spaces between dilapidated homes and finally into a street that was more pot holes than pavement. The bright yellow Penske truck full of motorcycles and the gray service van Stirmon had driven waited for them, idling in the road.
“Check her laptop or tablet,” Violet sat up in her bed, wishing to God she could be there, to be a part of the
“I do,” Mary nodded her head, looking as tired as John felt. “It will give us time to have a good think.” Before John could respond, she fixed him with a cold, hard look. “And think you better, John Watson. I still believe you and I can find Maisie. I’d rather that you and I find Maisie together. Once we do find our daughter, I think it would be best she have two loving parents raising her instead of just her mum, don’t you think?” Coolly, she added, “So, yes, on second thought, I do want you to go. The sooner we bring Violet home, the sooner we can reunite the Great Detective with the Other Woman. Then the four of us can work together to find our daughter. Isn’t that what you want?” She challenged him now. “To see your best friend happy with the woman you loved as a sister and to have our daughter home, with us?”
“Angle of the gun, not possible for him to have held it himself based on the projection of the bullet, although the crime scene set up was quite convincing. I was nearly convinced it was suicide as well. I rang his ex-wife and offered to take the case pro-bono but she told me to piss off. She’s not a suspect. She was in South Africa with her new lover when Sholto died.”
Then he thought about the money Mrs. Watson had given  him and realized that was more than he would make in a month as a car salesman.
No thrilling chases down darkening alleys, no terse confrontations, no cracking of computer codes as the clock ticked down, no duel of wits. Just hours and hours of watching surveillance videos, reading hotel registers and making phone call after phone call, chores Sherlock usually let the peons at the Met handle.
“I can protect Susan,” Mary reminded him icily. “And here I thought you understood that I was sorry for what I did to Sherlock! I thought you said that was water under the bridge and yet you bring it up again and again and again.”
“Thought that might set the mood a bit better for your date,” she beamed at them. “Hopefully your night gets better,” she added with a sympathetic pat on John’s shoulder.
“Good,” Mycroft groused as he followed his father out of his bedroom. As they walked down the narrow hallway to the stairs, he asked “So when is the crowned prince coming anyway?”
“Mr. Sherlock Holmes, we meet at last,” a thin, cruel voice with the faintest Cockney accent softly announced.
marathon on this week anyway.” He took her hand and let her held him stand up. But when he stood, he still held her hand. “Listen,” he clasped her hand with both of his now. Then started tracing her knuckles with his fingertips as he said, “I know you’re a realist and so am I. And yet,” he fixed his warm chocolate-brown eyes onto Violet’s feline irises. “When I first saw you, on Lestrade’s mobile, trying to defuse that bomb at the candy factory? I had asked you if you had a steady hand,” he squeezed her hand gently. “And then asked you if you had anything sharp to cut a wire with then you produced that great bloody serrated knife from your boot,” he chuckled. “Yeah, I think I fancied you from the start.”
John drew in a breath. “I just wanted you to know… that no matter how things turn out, err, no that’s… shit,” John gave himself a shake then stammered, “If I do move back in Baker Street and you and I become… uh… you see, I… err…” He closed his eyes. “I won’t ever ask you to do something you’re not OK with.”
“Dreadfully silly. It’ll be alright love. Maybe Myc can convince the love birds to come home for Christmas? Wouldn’t that be nice?”
“No one would believe me anyway,” Lestrade sighed, “A gang of kids running a counterintelligence organization that would make MI-6 green with envy? People would accuse me of having a brain injury if I even hinted something like that existed in the slums of London. Besides, think of all the court cases that would get overturned if it was found out that evidence had been gathered by hackers and street punks instead of by proper police procedure.”
She glanced over at the lanky man who still rested his feet in her lap, knees crooked up, fingers now tented. She felt affection flood through her for him even as she thought:
“I had a bit of trouble. She bit me, the old bitch.” He gave his blind-folded and gagged prisoner a sharp shake then snarled, “Shut up and be still, Granny.”
He paused, shocked to his core. The voice on the other end was not the normal bombastic, sarcastic vibrato. This voice was small, weak and exhausted.
“Are you kidding? Love that program,” and then without further ado, he burst out singing “Don’t stop, believin’!” in his atrocious singing voice.
“Edward, your mum and dad want you to learn how to take care of your things,” Violet decided the word “responsibility” might fly right over the boy’s head. “They want you to learn how take care of your things on your own, in case there isn’t a maid around.”
“At the time of the affair, Lord Smallwood was in his earlier thirties and the Little Girl was seventeen, nearly eighteen,” Sherlock acidly corrected her. “Magnussen had procured all the love letters His Lordship had posted to The Little Girl. But Magnussen made sure the press got only the most licentious and salacious letters. Yet another case of the media getting the facts totally wrong,” he waspishly added.
“My dear Annie,” his unctuous voice immediately rang in her ear, “To what I owe the pleasure of this call?”
“Yes, but not a very good one. I clearly I have the superior blogger,” Sherlock grandiosely pushed the doors open and even held them open to let John outside.
“Um,” John looked at the telly and saw Austin Powers’ infamous yellowed toothy grin plastered on the screen. “Yeah, it’s not that great,” John muttered as he searched for the remote control. He really wasn’t in the mood to see every British stereotype hyperbolized for cheap laughs plus he vaguely remembered it being a bit dirty. Not that Susan was a little girl, but she would probably feel awkward watching a film full of dick jokes with him.
“Right, well, that’s that. He’d rather eat a bullet then endure whatever the Red-Headed League had planned for him.”
“Can we talk about that later?” Molly suddenly felt exhausted. And she needed the loo. “I’m tired. And I have to pee. Again.”
“Three reasons. The first reason,” he finally showed everyone what he had been hiding behind his back: a long-stemmed red rose. Exactly like the one The Woman had sent Sherlock when he had been in hospital recovering from The Shooting.
“Oh get out,” Sherlock’s face crinkled up like he just ate a dozen lemons. “Mary, I’ll see you in the morning. John?”
“And here when I thought John had moved out, I wouldn’t have to worry about guns anymore,” she fussed, “But you and John have both gone off and gotten yourselves girls who
a chance!” John kicked the bedpost out of sheer frustration. Mary jumped but didn’t flee. John winced in pain, his big toe smarting. Still, he added, “You assume, you never
“To ensure I get involved,” Sherlock called back then paused to look at Lestrade, “’I should prefer that you do not mention my name at all in connection with the case.’**"
John did as he was told and returned with a butter knife. Sherlock carefully wedged the knife and painfully-slowly, worked the board loose. To John’s disappointment, there was no treasure trove. No priceless jewels or stacks of cash or bags of exotic and expensive narcotics.
Then she spent the night perched in Sherlock’s chair, one eye on the telly, the other on the door as she waited for either Moriarty’s people or Mycroft’s to come barging in to ransack the place. She kept both her gun and mobile close by at all times. Her knives she kept stuck in her boots.
The book was a very old copy of the complete works of Edgar Allan Poe. John had never heard of the American author but Gary had nearly swooned over him. “He’s really good, really scary. ‘The Masque of Red Death’, ‘The Tell-tale Heart’, excellent stuff, really creepy. I’ll loan you my copy,” he had told John the last time John had gone to his house for dinner.
. Please be nice on Saturday night. For Mrs. Hudson’s sake, she pleaded. This is actually giving her something to do. Otherwise, she’s just been smoking herself stupid ever since she left the hospital.
“You’ve been great,” he assured her. “Really, I’m not just saying that. If you hadn’t gotten me out of there, I would have gone mad.”
Other than that one emotional display, Violet still remained Violet for the most part. She dove into The Work just as eagerly as Sherlock, if the day’s barrage of medical tests hadn’t completely spent her. While her body continued to betray her, her mind was quick and clever as it always had been. Soon, with her help, she had converted the little houseboat into their private crime lab, Scooter’s friend having departed to visit friends and comrades in Havana, or so he claimed. Neither Violet nor Sherlock knew who Scooter’s friend was or what his true business was. Neither of them cared very much. They had their own work to do and the privacy was not only appreciated but very necessary.
name was something old-fashioned… Veronica? Valerie? Vanessa… no, that’s was Ted’s wife… Viola? No… close though…
“Oh good,” Molly said while thinking she needed to tell Greg they should postpone their much needed chat with Sherlock by at least one more week. As if on cue, the baby started kicking. Molly ran her hand over her belly and again struggled to her feet. “If I get any bigger, you will all be rolling me down the hallways like a ball.”
There had been a fifteen-minute break in the morning with refreshments served. Everyone was on their own for lunch, but John was too jittery to eat very much. He managed a half a sandwich and some crisps. He ignored every single text that flooded into the phone, asking how it was going. He didn’t even answer Sherlock’s, even though he had been shocked that Sherlock made the effort to be supportive, twice in one day even.
Meanwhile her husband had darted out of the house without a coat or gloves, despite it only being a brisk 34 degrees out. Still he trotted down the driveway, his hand extended. Miss Stangerson shook it then pointed to the front seat. Hope watched him open the passenger side door and retrieve Miss Stangerson’s messenger bag, a pink suitcase and a diaper bag.
Truth be told, John would not have wanted to stay still for very long. But since he had been sick after the nerve-wrecking near-nosedive into the English Channel, John felt ravenous.
===>>> TRIGGER WARNING: there's a scene with Irene that might be upsetting... but (mild spoiler) the payoff is worth it, a bad guy definitely gets his comeuppance.
The mottled, pink side of the Earl’s face twitched. Then the scarred half of his lips quirked up in a smile, “I think we all know women aren’t my preference.”
She threw her coat at him, then her hooded sweatshirt. He ducked, missing the coat, but got hit in the face with the hoodie.
“Henry Ralph,” Molly fiddled with the cuff of her dress. “Ralph was my dad’s name. Mum used to call Dad ‘Raffles.’ It was her pet name for him. She started calling Henry that the minute she found out what his middle name was. And it stuck,” she finished grimly, “On my side of the family, at least.”
“Government approved friends,” Sherlock reminded his brother. “While you were at uni and at training for MI-6-”
At the same time, while she was ready to be more physical, she still held back emotionally. She seemed to be waiting for something awful to happen, something that would deprive her of him. Understandable, of course, since her situation was precarious, she remained with him at the whim of Mycroft, of course.
She rubbed her lower lip, resolved to stop biting it again and went on: “It’s just too… coincidental not to mention convenient for a young woman who just happens to be the same nurse who took care of your baby to get run down on her way to work.”
Hearing the backdoor creak open, Mycroft turned and saw his brother walking towards him. He needed a haircut; his black curls nearly touched his shoulders now.
“Good thing you’re a fast learner,” Violet looked up at him. “You are going to tell John? About us?”
“I… that’s what she told John. She… had a girlfriend when I first met her.” Then the lights had flicked on in his eyes. “Ah. Of course. Stupid me. She’s a sapiosexual.”
“Isn’t he?” She stood on her scarlet tip-toes to formally kiss him, cheek-to-cheek, “Until next time, Mr. Holmes.”
“I’ll have a word with him,” Sherlock said quietly as Violet mopped up her eyes. “This is the twenty-first century. Mycroft’s proposal, forgive me for the ill-timed pun, is utterly ridiculous.”
She spent her first night in Vegas at a decent Howard Johnson’s on the Strip. Once again, she began the painstaking process of altering her appearance. Her badly cut chestnut tresses had been transformed into a shaggy mop of brunette curls. She slathered self-tanner on her fair skin to hide the freckles on not just her face, but her arms… having learned her lesson when Sherlock had exposed her as a fraud nearly a year ago.
One of the files in Woodhouse’s emails had a subject line labeled “Operation Onion Field” with a secure attachment, but she hadn’t been able to decrypt it, not even with the help from her “Evil Google.” She also didn’t dare reach out to any other hacker to help her decode it… those bastards didn’t work for cheap or for free.
Sherlock’s soul was as indecipherable as his heart. But he could not hide what his body had endured after Mary shot him. John finally saw the livid stripes across Sherlock’s back the first time he helped Sherlock change for bed when he finally was officially discharged from hospital.
“To make you more desirable,” Sherlock drawled. “Rucastle is perpetually dissatisfied. He wants what he cannot have.”
“You don’t buy it, do you? The whole ‘dying in a plane crash’ bit?” When Donovan shook her head, Mason grinned bitterly, “Neither do I.”
But nobody had expected the Sons of Anarchy president to come down to Chicago personally either. But here he was, all six feet of him. Longish silvery hair and goatee and the infamous “Glasgow smile” scars on his face, the source of his nickname “Chibs.”
John blinked. That was substantially more than what he had made as a general practitioner, when he had still practiced medicine full-time.
“Spanish is my favorite foreign language,” she threw John for a loop. But he cottoned on where she was going with this topic as she explained, “Not only is it a very romantic language, but it also has very specific words to explain different types of love.
She had arrived Monday morning at 7:30 on the dot, as instructed. Violet was unfamiliar with the Belgravia neighborhood, but Sherlock and John would have recognized area immediately. Irene Adler had lived in Belgravia once.
Mycroft then strode over to his desk and beckoned for the phone with his fingers. Anthea surrendered the receiver. “This is Mycroft,” he announced. “Where is he going?”
“Grow up John,” he told himself as he turned back to his poem, wincing as he did so. “You two have had to share a bed before for cases. And you nearly passed out on the stairs at 221B during your stag party next to him as well. Stop being a child.”
t a machine. He had feelings, he had liked Mary. Befriended her, helped her plan their wedding. Still even tried to save her from Magnussen after she had shot him…
While Rucastle puffed up the hill, Mrs. Toller was busy screeching at Toller: “You idiot, what on earth are you doing? You were supposed to have her ready ages ago!”
. You should have left my people alone. You should have been satisfied with chasing jewel thieves and philandering husbands. You should have
Honoré violated a few traffic regulations as he drove them from the airport to Montmartre. Despite the late hour, Violet kept her eyes glued to the window, hungry to see something new, something other than London. Even though it was pitch-black, it was still night somewhere other than England. Regardless of the seriousness of the situation, Violet couldn’t help but feel absolutely giddy about being free of England and Big Brother… for the moment.
“And we have the Copper Beaches to look forward to as well,” Violet groaned. “Did you and John at least find anything at Rucastle’s offices?”
“Aw, ta love for the head’s up. I had lost all track of time,” Jim tilted his head, still smiling, as if he felt sorry for her. “Poor Violet, you never did realize what you gotten yourself into, had you? Should have left your da’s murder alone instead of nosing around, you know.” He kissed the top of Henry’s fuzzy head then called out to Mrs. Hooper. “Nana? You’ve been a great sport. Go on and take him.”
Unlike the assassin sent to the Lestrades’, this hired gun knew who his target was and who her sons were. This was a high risk hit and it wouldn’t do to be caught. He had thoroughly done his research. He knew there would be high surveillance around this pretty red brick house, but he had also been told the agents assigned to this house would be called to a fake emergency. He also didn’t bank on that information. He had followed-up and been reassured that yes, those agents were no longer at the Holmes’ residence.  He had also followed-up with the MI-6 mole and confirmed that yes the video surveillance around the Holmes’ residence would be disabled.
Sherlock heaved a sigh as if he had asked her to do something extremely simple like count to three. “Mycroft signed off on the execution order. Then he eradicated Ford’s identity. He wiped away all trace of Matthew Sherrinford Holmes. He destroyed Ford’s birth certificate. All digital information on Ford was redacted. He even went so far as to force Mother to burn all the family photographs she had of Ford. Mother wept and Father shouted, but Mycroft assured them it was all forCrown and Country.”
the mental time clock read in Sherlock’s head as Toller continued to rant at him. “You are just as lunatic as they say! Is it true then,” he crept closer to Sherlock. “Is it true that you killed Charles Augustus Magnussen?”
“Oh, he couldn’t make it,” Mary demurred. Eyeing his glass of water, she asked, “Have you sworn off the booze too?”
“Good luck convincing the Met of that,” Lestrade sneered, pulling handcuffs out of his coat pocket as sirens wailed in the distance.
I don't have a TON of regrets, but I do regret not exploring Père-Lachaise more when I had the chance. But by the time my friend and I had reached Père-Lachaise , the sun was starting to set and I.... um.... kindasortachickenedoutandwantedtoleave.
Jim turned around, the boy cradled in one arm. He held the child naturally, as if he knew how to hold a baby, as if he had a child of his own.
Anthea had told her family that she had received a scholarship at Oxford for physics. That wasn’t a complete lie. She did study physics, but more as a hobby than for serious work.
But Sherlock saw how her right hand trembled and how her left ring finger and pinkie didn’t move, all at. Keeping his face neutral, he slipped the picklock set out of her hands. He pressed his ear to the wooden door and frowned.
Jim Moriarty shrugged out of his beautiful coat and slid the scarf off. “I’m sorry I’ve been away for so long, but you understand why now, don’t you?”
“When most people say they love someone else, what they truly mean is they find someone attractive and compatible and want exclusive rights to consensual sex. Those qualities, looks, personality, sex, those things don’t exactly withstand the test of time. And one person is usually completely overwhelmed with desire and infatuation for another and that one person always ends up on the losing end when they realize whom they want doesn’t want them as much.”
case, remember that one? That had nothing to do with national security or Mycroft. You didn’t tell me that the boy, Jack Ferguson tried to kill you, with a poisoned dart though a
But she closed the door and John sat down in the very chair Sherlock had sat in less than a week ago. “Mycroft,” John said brusquely.
“You’re brilliant,” the words popped out before John could help himself. “But what are you going to do? You’re not going to stay here?”
!” Enraged and frustrated, John didn’t even bother to correct Sherlock when he called Lestrade “Galen” instead of “Greg”. Bewildered, John shook his head. “What about Westaways? What about the Tollers and their connection? He can’t ignore that lead, even if it’s a shaky one, legally speaking.”
But a replica of a classic painting dominated the entire parlor: an enormous print of Paris Bordone’s
He said his goodnights and made his way out of the building towards the car park. At least, being a DI had its perks, like having a decent parking spot assigned to him.
Suspension of a chess game with the intention to finish it later. It was once very common in high-level competition, often occurring soon after the first time control, but the practice has been abandoned due to the advent of computer analysis.
“Oh, yes, all the international law enforcement agencies only wanted the best for this case,” Mycroft ruthlessly played on Sherlock’s arrogance.
“Who even has a microfiche reader anymore?” Violet suddenly remembered cussing out the cumbersome enormous metal contraptions as she tried to find old news stories she needed for her term papers. She then immediately felt very old and very tired.
“Ah, son, we talked about this too. I’m going to be busy working the next few weeks and then we’re off to the Copper Beaches. Won’t that be nice? Miss Smith will be minding you while I’m working. She is also going to help you learn French so you can come with me the next time I go to Paris. Would you like that, to go to Paris with me?”
John smiled as a flush of pleasure filled him. As far as Sherlock’s backhanded compliments went, this one was quite tame. It actually was very nice… by Sherlockian standards, of course.
He considered it. Not a bad idea, actually. Plus it would give him an excuse to call Mycroft and probe for information about how much time was left on Violet’s clock. “He might make you wear a tracking device,” he warned her, “An ankle bracelet or something.”
“I am painfully aware that I am quite deficient regarding the quantity of friends I have,” his voice was graveled. He held his hands behind his back, as he was prone to do when he felt fidgety but didn’t want to reveal his restless hands. He looked at the floor as if he were a schoolboy about to be chastised. “So I would like to retain the few friends that I have, if and whenever possible,” he lifted his eyes up. “I’m… out of my depth here and John is not here to help me navigate these strange waters. I honestly don’t know what you want from me now. I thought I knew what you wanted last December. I only know what I want and I want you to come home.”
After Sherlock toldHonoré to wear John’s parka and jumper, since the lad had no warm, dry clothes at all, Honoré had also produced an odd-looking, knitted hat. John thought Honoré said it was called a “took,” but by that point, John was nearly dead on his feet, so he wasn’t paying attention all that closely. However, the “took” was jammed on top of Sherlock’s dirty curls. However, unless in disguise for a case, Sherlock favoured exactly two fashion looks: Posh or Homeless. Paired with the muddy, sodden trousers and the ruined lace-ups, he definitely looked like a vagabond who nicked a bright pink sweatshirt from a tourist trap.
“What?” Violet demanded, a bit startled. She had never heard Mary Morstan Watson cuss before… but then, she wasn’t dealing with Mary Morstan Watson anymore, was she?
Sherlock strode in with his usual long-legged steps. He stood in the living room, taking everything in. Obviously only three rooms, the back bedroom, the bath and this room, where the kitchen and lounge were stuffed into one cramped room. His omniscient eyes roamed over the utilitarian furniture and the brand new carpeting. He noted how the room still smelt like brand new paint.
“I know, but I simply couldn’t help myself. I hope I didn’t get you in trouble with your new employer. I apologize, I’m Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock stuck his hand out to Rucastle to shake.
“And why am I meeting you in there?” John reached up and loosened one of the buttons of Sherlock’s dress shirt then another and another until enough of the shirt gaped open so John could press his palm to Sherlock’s chest. Running his thumb over his collarbone, he asked, “Why aren’t you coming with me?”
He spun her around and swiftly wrapped his left arm around her waist while cradling her face in his right hand.
Violet however seemed determined to enjoy her meal. “It was in my preliminary report, the profile I was building on your brother before… well, before everything happened. I know he backed any and all the anti-gay legislation presented to Parliament, behind the scenes, of course. He also was against updating the Sexual Offences Act 2003, as well as legalizing gay marriage in England.”
“Yes, well, I ran into a bit of difficulty, but I’m alright.” Now she sounded serious. “One of Moriarty’s people found me, but I managed to get away.”
Meanwhile, the Earl continued to ramble on about his ancestral home: “… decided to make it open to the public. Tourists, film-crews, the like, it’s simply too… much to keep up on my own. Not to mention inconvenient, as it’s nowhere near London, where I am most of the time. I wanted something a bit closer but not too close. I needed a place that I can get the city out of my lungs, a place that was peaceful … a place that had a vast garden or a lovely grove.”
“I must admit, the ring does take the attention away from the watch,” the old, elegant woman broke into Violet’s thoughts again. “That is quite a stone there. Well done, Mr. Holmes,” Zhang Yan said appreciatively as Toller and his “assistant” came out to serve the puddings.
“As if I needed confirmation you really weren’t a ginger,” he purred as he started to kiss his way down her body while lazily stroking her clitoris with his finger.
“It’s possible, but not plausible,” Sherlock pulled an enormous tool kit out of the cupboard and closed the door with his foot. “Violet plans on violating her terms of her ‘parole’ for lack of a better word. Mary is helping her escape England.”
Marie was no fool. “Not to mention the fact that you’re supposed to be dead, but one word from Holmes can make you very un-dead?”
It stayed silent on Violet’s end longer than John cared for. “I wouldn’t rule it out,” she finally, unwillingly said. “I mean, he was drinking tonight. He hardly ever touches alcohol. Also, well, you see, Victor said something very strange to me, when he and I were talking before he left Baker Street on Sunday.”
As Sherlock handed off the knife to Dupin, Mitton demanded, “OK, have you lot located the second clock’s exact location?”
Just as she was about to give up and slip away, at 4:56, a florist van trundled along the crappy road. Violet peered through her binoculars, spying a “donut” instead of a regular tire.
Violet felt marginally better after sleeping all day. However she still had no appetite when Mary insisted she and Mrs. Hudson stay for dinner after John texted Mary to let Violet and Mrs. Hudson know it was safe for them to return to Baker Street.
Affectionately, Victor watched Sherlock toe off his trainers, divest himself of his leather jacket and red scarf. Half-listening to Sherlock natter on about some great discovery he had made today, Victor reflected how good Prague had been for him. Rehab had been ghastly, or at least that was what Sherlock had told Victor once they reunited after he had completed his treatment. But it was either rehab or prison. Mycroft had been less than amused when he had to bail his little brother out of gaol for possession charges… again.
Violet meanwhile had stepped back into the store, her eyes never leaving the gory scene playing out in front of her. She ripped the fake spectacles off her face, letting them fall to the floor. She didn’t want anything obstructing her vision, even clear glass. Instead of the Glock, she pulled her Bluetooth earpiece out of her handbag instead. She clipped it to her ear, covering it with her long, straight chestnut hair. She whipped on her coat, assuming she would be outdoors very soon. She yanked her Smartphone out and hit the speed-dial button for Mycroft. When Anthea answered instead of Mycroft, she snapped, “Send
Abrahams most definitely did not like kittens or warm hugs. He also did not like prison and the pasty-faced toff in the swishy coat had saved him from a life sentence. “Drink? My shout?”
“Hello Sweetie,” John knelt down to become the recipient of several slobbery kisses. Sweetie had been one of Jepthro Rucastle’s many victims. Among his many other sins, the self-absorbed bastard had also been a fan of dog-fighting. Sweetie had been one of his bait dogs. Mary, taking pity on the poor battered thing, asked John if they could adopt him. Taking one look at the dog’s missing ear, the bald patches and the scars, not to mention the missing part of his tail, John caved in to Mary’s request.
“Oh. Uh, well…” Sherlock squirmed but knew it was pointless to lie to her. “A bit. I had to keep her… err… interested,” he mumbled.
She thought she would have to fight Mycroft every step of the way, to have to really sell her proposal. Threaten him even. But he merely inhaled deeply, leaned back in his chair and nodded his approval. “That could work, yes…”
“Isn’t that the same thing? In the end, detectives and scientists do the same thing. Solve mysteries, don’t they?” When Sherlock didn’t answer, Lestrade said “Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you before you left. If not for you, I wouldn’t be in line for a promotion.”
Neither were his travelling companions. To his right was a young, lanky man with short brown hair, neatly trimmed goatee and dark, serious eyes. Even though they called him “Rat Boy”, he looked more like a hungry wolf than a rat.
“I know, I know,” Lestrade put his arms around Molly, resting his silvery head against her auburn one. “Although the rags would have a good time with this juicy bit of gossip, wouldn’t they?”
Sherlock swallowed hard and let John go. He hadn’t thought of that. “Does the woman’s deviousness know no bounds?” he asked faintly.
“Not too tight, John,” Violet admonished him as she roughly grabbed Sherlock’s free arm as it flailed around, trying to hit her. She caught it and slammed it down on the floor, pinning it with her knee. “He needs to be able to breathe and swallow.”
” Bucky swore, fingers tightening around Sherlock’s neck as he began to throttle Sherlock, “I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you, I’ll –
Embed his Keyblade into the sternocleidomastoid muscle to sever the carotid artery and jugular vein in the Sheriff’s neck…
If it went on any longer, it was quite likely that only one of them was going to make it out of this alive.
Sherlock was beside himself with disgust and scorn; he didn’t think it was possible, but Moriarty actually bragging his plans to his enemies
“Can Mycroft confirm this?” Anderson asked as Anthea moved down five foot soldiers with her M4 submachine-gun, causing two to explode safely in the distance, far from any bystander.  The look of self-doubting insecurity on the PA’s face was
At first, Bucky and Sherlock were both content to just ignore it, but after thirty seconds, with Sherlock using both of his palms to painfully push Bucky’s chin and head sideways in an effort to stop the Winter Solder from crushing his windpipe with his metal hand, it sort of took them out of the bloodlust.
Rosie giggled as she turned her bright eyes to the camera while Groot waved enthusiastically from Steve’s shoulder.
With that settled, Sherlock knelt down in front of John and, with a surprising amount of tenderness, wrapped his fingers around John’s wrists.
on this?” growled Natasha in disbelieving outrage as various observers made disgusted noises of shock.
” asked Elsa with derision as she finished encasing the lion’s feet to the ground.  The corrupt sovereign looked up to see Elsa, Jim Hawkins, and Scrooge McDuck all glaring down at him.  And if the threat of the Snow Queen wasn’t enough, Prince John then noticed that Jim was holding a crossbow with a bolt aimed directly at his head while the tip of Scrooge McDuck’s cane was sparkling dangerously with electricity, Thundaga magic ready.
After the mutilated Deadpool was escorted under heavily armed guard by MI-6, after more glorious photos and tearful exclamations of joy, congratulations, and hugs and kisses, the time came to toss the bouquet and garter.
“Hey, what took you so long, Buck?” Steven joked shakily in between wheezes (showing a mouth full of blood and cracked teeth).
“Bullets have no effect, sir!” Donovan reported on her police radio, her face grim though determined as she shot one Heartless directly into the forehead, only for it to stop and falter before dancing onwards madly with its weapon as if nothing has occurred.
“What the hell?!” cried out an unnamed Detective Sergeant as the explosion rocked the National Gallery, actually causing bits of marble and stone to go flying out.  Sherlock spotted the fleeting image of one of the Heartless combusting in a terrific detonation of flame, causing one of the pillars of the museum to crumble deafeningly.  Sherlock’s eyes widened as he narrowed down the possibilities of the exact type of explosive being used from the estimation of the decibel level of the ringing blast wave, the damage radius of the scorch marks and the resultant gap amid the museum’s wall, and extensive damage that could crack pietra serena stonework in such a manner…
Thankfully, before John could even think of using his Keyblade again (or Sherlock could summon his), a familiar Gargoyle Hound tore across the grassy field as swift as lightning and appeared from the Sheriff’s blind spot and tackled the corpulent wolf…
Sally Donovan, for once, was hyperventilating as she pressed her hands against her temple and repeated over and over, “I am
” Coulson yelled, raising everyone’s alarm and causing an absolute fright as he, Anthea, Natasha Romanoff, Sam, and Maria Hill dashed after an odd mercenary, dressed in his black and red body suit.  In the background, Bruce Banner kept doing calming breathing exercises, doing his best to not Hulk out in the middle of the reception with Phillip Anderson’s encouragement.
” Sherlock cursed uncharacteristically, ungracefully, before he bolted out of the door as fast as he could, weaponless, before the Winter Soldier could seize him.  Undaunted, Bucky pursued Sherlock from close behind.
Robin snapped, pointing at the Sheriff with his wooden bow, “I would rather stand with a deviant than a traitor to the Crown!  Release Sherlock.
John then leaned over closer to the camera before he smiled and said, “To Kelley, if we wish to conclude this homage, it is this: some people need a conductor of light…”
“Bloody Hell, I could actually watch this for hours…” murmured Mike Stamford as he took in the sight of the four men enjoying the music together with his wife.
Sherlock winced as he continued to blink, this time a bit more urgently as his mouth went into a tight-lipped line.
Robin actually growled, showing his teeth, as Basil and Dawson slowly and clandestinely climbed up the archer’s back, gripping the cloth of his tunic.
“You are a loyal friend and a loving woman who stands by her family and brings brightness to everyone at her home and her work.  You find happiness in not only bringing positivity to everyone in person and on-line, but you adopt everyone into your graces, like a sister,” Steve said with affection.
Meanwhile, a certain Guardian of the Galaxy was struggling to ascend upwards the sleeve of Steve’s T-shirt…
“Bloody hell, I don’t know!  Just keep firing!” yelled Lestrade as he reloaded his pistol, taking cover behind his BMW along with Sherlock.
“If he dies, there will no power in Heaven or Hell that will stop me from hunting you down,” John declared calmly while Basil and Dawson whispered urgently behind Robin’s shoulders, taking care that the Sheriff couldn’t spot them.
The Cloak of Levitation (much to Rosie’s delight) started waving one corner of its fabric body back and forth, getting John and Steven’s attention before producing a card from the silk folds.  With a flourish, the Cloak presented it to Steven, who took it curiously and read the writing inscribed on the note.
“Filching a jet isn’t the best impression to make on my brother,” pointed out Sherlock from behind Bucky’s seat.
John was rather blasé as he murmured, “It’s not the strangest thing to happen to my jumpers.  You should have been here for some of the rather unorthodox experiments Sherlock has performed to my clothing.”
John chuckled as he translated, “Groot says he admires someone who stands for others, for the disfranchised, for the outcasts, for the misfits and screw-ups like he and Rocket.  He says he loves your encouraging discussions about asexuality and how you help others not feel alone, like a part of a family, like he and the other Guardians feel for each other.”
Bucky, to his credit, didn’t even yelp or flinch in surprise at being caught unaware that the British pain-in-the-ass stowed away in the hijacked Eurofighter with him.  Although Bucky had to remind himself that he couldn’t brawl with Sherlock at risk of cracking the glass of the canopy and rendering the jet incapable of ascending to high altitudes.
“Steve…” whispered Bucky, grabbing his friend’s face gently before ripping the cloth gag out of Steven’s mouth.  Steve gasped greedily for air as Sherlock gracefully unlocked the power dampener collar and off Steven’s neck with the keys he stole before dragging away the vest of explosives.  With a snap of his metal fingers, Bucky tore through the restraints binding Steve’s hands behind his back.
Baymax however continued, “Scan complete.  I sense both you and Sherlock are injured.  I also detect massive injuries to the Sheriff of Nottingham along with a lack of heartbeat.  Therefore, restructuring priority according to protocol based on the severity of trauma.”
Smiling widely, Sherlock picked up the newspaper on the corner stand and began to read, not noticing (or caring) at the uncontrollable tremors of crippling strain, apprehension, and murderous rage running throughout Bucky’s body.  Bucky’s legs were so feeble that he could barely support himself against the fireplace to soothe the shivering.  The ex-assassin was so sick that he could have easily vomited right then and there, his head slowly swimming back to a steady rhythm due to the unnaturally high cortisol levels.  It took several minutes before the hyperventilating Winter Solder could calm down, repeating the phrases “Steve”, “Sarah”, “Brooklyn”, “Howling Commandos” over and over in his mind until he could actually snap out of his fugue state. With teeth clenched and spittle building up on his tongue, a traumatized and enraged Bucky asked hoarsely with incredulity, wide bloodshot eyes nearly popping out of his skull.
Shaking, sobbing, the woman got out. She only wore skinny jeans, flimsy shoes that resembled Converse sneakers but had the Coach logo printed all over them and a White Sox jersey. She clutched her phone, sniffling.
Sherlock. If something ever happened to Sherlock, Mycroft would not be long for this world. He would actually die of a broken heart.”
Then three more cats appeared out of thin air to greet the two Britons. One of the cats was missing an eye. John felt both of his eyes start watering.
“An elementary deduction,” Sherlock scoffed. “Only an idiot would skimp on quality belts and shoes after spending money on expensive clothes because he was too stupid to budget accordingly. Belt, clearly second-hand, apparent from the wear on the sides of the belt for all the times it’s been taken on and off, looped through the trouser loops, but the loops are not as worn. But ah, could the belt have been an old one that you had possessed previously before purchasing those expensive trousers? No. Clearly you bought the belt from some sort of thrift shop. You have an 87 centimeter waist. The belt is clearly meant for someone who has a 93 centimeter waist. Now as for the shoes…”
“Mmmm, part of me,” the sleepy, smoky voice informed John while long, white arms snaked around John’s shoulders and torso.
the coffee table was broken, he shooed Gladstone off the sofa. The dog emitted a sulky whimper and slunk off only to jump into Sherlock’s chair instead, as if to say: “So there.”
“Does this make sense then,” Mycroft locked his sad, brown eyes on her exhausted, hazel eyes. “If I was clever enough to build a time machine, I would go back and change
“Harriet,” Sherlock’s voice held a note of ominous warning. “Do not say something for which I will make sure you feel regret later on.”
Violet felt slightly nauseous. Then she remembered how she had run a red light on her old Triumph Tiger 800XC, with John Watson clinging to her so tightly she thought he was going to break her ribs. Then how he had shouted at her afterwards…
John didn’t have the energy to argue with Sherlock on that point.  “Who is the real villain, Sherlock?”  He asked wearily instead. “Your bloody brother, that’s who, and we’ve all gotten fucked by him. He’s all but holding you and Violet hostage. He won’t tell me where my daughter is…” John ran his hands over his face then let his arms fall limply to his sides. “What did that bastard do?” he asked Dupin. “Or should I say, what else did he do?”
He bolted up, dug it out of his coat pocket, read the succinct text from Mycroft. “This day keeps getting progressively darker and darker,” he muttered before pulled his right-hand glove off with his teeth. Then he texted John a brief message:
However, like he had learned not to nag her about her insomnia or cleaning sprees, she had learned to hold her tongue about his abysmal eating habits. Every time the subject came up, a fight always went down.
Mycroft whirled around. For the first time, Mary saw the dangerous man behind the urbane, mild-mannered mask he usually wore. “Because I can make all of this,” he made a giant circle with his umbrella, “Go away. It would take precious little to have one my agents break in here, obtain your DNA and fingerprints and bring them to Interpol. Countries would queue up to try and convict you and no one would lift a finger to save you. Not even your precious John, not after he finds out about that double-hit you set up. Oh but that
Suddenly the short distance between them yawned wide like a chasm. John felt golden warmth steal over him as he languorously ambled towards Sherlock, a sensation he thought he’d never feel ever again...
Violet didn’t blame him. He was a terrible shot, if the wall proved anything. She sometimes wondered if maybe he had a slight astigmatism or something that hindered his otherwise remarkable eyesight. His hyperacuity may enhance his eyesight, but he couldn’t center anything worth a damn. All the pictures hanging on the walls in the flat listed just ever so slightly to the left. No one else really noticed (except maybe Mycroft,) but it drove Violet nuts.
“No need to get ratty,” John snapped. “Oh and here’s another deduction. How long have you had that cough?”
But then she remembered Molly and Greg’s wedding… out in the courtyard, when he was teaching her how to dance… not just any dance… a tango. How his usual stand-offish demeanor changed immediately. How he suddenly was in her personal space, but it wasn’t an intrusion… how the most unsentimental man in the world smoothed back a curl from her forehead… traced his fingertips down her neck, then back up to cup her face in his hands… how her heart raced… how she just
“Violet?” Michael Hunter croaked from his prison cell. “Sis, is that you?” His emaciated, freckled face erupted into a huge smile. “I knew it, I fucking knew it. You’re
They had to crouch as they walked. Violet had forgotten how people were shorter back in Elizabethan times.
As he stalked down the pavement, the burning tightness in his chest loosened. The farther and farther he got away from the house, that perfect fucking house, the more he felt like he could finally breathe.
John spat toothpaste into the sink. “Plan on it,” he said. “But if Sherlock surprises me with a Seven or an Eight…”
While Rucastle began droning on about his favorite subject (himself) again, Toller poured tea for everyone, asking politely if they wanted milk, sugar or lemon. Meanwhile, the young man came out, carrying a tray laden with pastries and little fairy cakes and dainty macaroons in an assortment of all kinds of pastel colors.
“I’ll be up in a second too,” Violet told the bikers and Lisbeth. When Lisbeth glared at her while the bikers started to exit, she whispered to Lisbeth, “Just want talk to Sherlock alone for a quick second, OK? I’ll be up in a minute.” She took a chance and gave Lisbeth a quick hug, just a squeeze around the shoulders then letting go. “You were fucking amazing, by the way.”
The wintery chill helped rouse Violet from unconsciousness, but not completely. She felt foggy, disjointed. Completely unable to string a coherent thought together, the only things she could clearly perceive was that she was outside in the cold and
. Something that will convince Patricia and her family to let me walk away clean,” Victor stood up now, his eyes pleading. “You are the only one that is clever enough to find that kind of information.”
“Well, yes, of course,” Mary said, but she sounded like she was trying to convince herself. Then she said in a stronger voice. “Like you said, she just wanted to hurt John and those gay rumors have plagued him for years. She knows his pressure points, alright.” She ran her hand down her abdomen unconsciously. “I don’t care if she does stop the booze and the gambling. She’s never coming near John or our children again.”
She hadn’t meant to doze off again. She had slept in late and even taken a short nap on the sofa in the afternoon. But she had still felt so run down, she couldn’t help it. She was just glad her nose no longer dripped like a leaky faucet. She knew Sherlock and John had talked long into the night after she had fallen asleep. Perhaps even into the dawn, she wasn’t sure. All she knew for certain that both men were dead asleep when she tiptoed into the lounge, wearing yoga pants, one of Sherlock’s ratty old T-shirts as well as his second-best dressing gown and a pair of electric blue socks.
But Violet always theorized she could  manage to pull a trigger while her nail polish was still wet. She just hoped she would never have to test that theory.
“Are you sure,” Rucastle whined, looking like a little boy whose teddy bear was snatched away. “Are you sure I can’t keep her, she’s such a magnificent specimen. All she really needs is to have that disgusting red hair cut and colored. My bitch-of-a-daughter Alice had chestnut hair, you see,” he explained to Violet. “I
Two nascent stars of light, one mysterious and dark, one pure and white, flickered between the two men before illuminating all of Trafalgar Square in a brilliant and dazzlingly surge of brightness.
The sudden detonations and the faint tremors in the ground indicated that Yo-Yo found a useful place to put the Semtex.
Mycroft then turned his head to Coulson and asked, “So, what happened when my brother and the Winter Soldier caught up with James Moriarty?”
Before they all realized it, the hour struck past ten, and tired and spent, the guests began to disperse while Sherlock, John, Steve, and Bucky met with Nick Fury and Mycroft Holmes outside, ready to have the limousine drive them to the airport to their destination.
Even injured and beaten within an inch of his life, Steven Roger’s voice was strong, authoritative, and unyielding.  Bucky and Sherlock quietened down.
“I cannot say for certain, but we are now the proud owners of Sherwood Forest’s largest tinder pile!”
“Care to get down with a boy from Brooklyn, Doctor Watson?” Bucky asked, his eyes mischievously twinkling.
Do you understand, Sherlock?  I didn’t care how many Heartless I could have run into, how madcap it would have been, how much I’d be risking the fate of this next Keyblade War if we both didn’t make it.  I just didn’t want to be left behind.
Afterwards, for some strange, inexplicable reason, kidnapping attempts on John Watson and Steven Rogers dropped to absolute zero following that incident.
John and Bucky were panting, and Steve, though not as exhausted, was clearly breathing heavily in between his laughter.
For once, Bucky showed some actual discomfort at Sherlock’s well being as he propped himself with one arm.
For John and Sherlock’s dance, Mycroft surprisingly took over Sherlock’s Stradivarius (with the wedding orchestra playing their instruments in conjunction) as he played a beautiful piece written by Sherlock himself specifically titled
Bucky and John both drew out their guns hidden in the waistband of their pants, but in a touching move, Steven stepped in front of both John and Sherlock while Bucky set his sights.  Upon recognizing the masked stranger, Steve calmly placed a hand on Bucky’s shoulder.
who participated in the ceremony and caught it.  Still, it was a touching and sentimental moment to see Logan and Molly slow dance together with Sherlock playing
Robin winced; he didn’t need to know the details.  Hiro nodded as Baymax ambled off in a steady gait.  The fox then turned to the human prodigy.
“Congratulations, you gutless blockhead.  You have grasped the rudimentary concept of sarcasm.  Let’s see if you can also learn the concept of subtlety within the next five years!  Now move over!
Inside the flat, it was complete chaos.  The coffee table was smashed into splintered halves, every furniture in the living room and kitchen was overturned with test tubes, glassware, dishes and papers shattered or spread about.  All the bookshelves were toppled over and strewn helter-skelter.  The kitchen sink was missing its spout and now merrily squirting a miniature geyser.  The fireplace mantle was pathetically swinging loose off the walls by a lone nail, several kitchen cabinets had their doors forcibly torn open or caved inwards, the steel refrigerator was lying open on its side, spoiled food melting on the floor, and the mirror above the hearth was blatantly signaling seven years worth of bad-luck.  And it was probably best to not mention the new holes in the walls (surprisingly, the fire poker was stuck and embedded within the plaster).
The doctor was so disoriented in his PTSD that he didn’t notice the one Heartless running directly at him, ready to detonate its payload.
opportunity to commit homicide and hide the body with no one the wiser (he removed all of Mycroft’s cameras)…
“I do,” John said with a smile as the members of the congregation shifted a bit uncomfortably in their seats, glancing at each other.
“I’m still angry, you berk…” muttered the Army doctor, but his eyes were glistening and his voice had a faint sprinkling with relief as he gently caressed Sherlock’s face for a fleeting second.
Bucky rubbed his face with his bionic hand, murmuring, “Shit.  I owe Natasha five hundred bucks now.”
Sam met up with Lestrade who had a big grin on his face.  Sam took one look at the Detective Inspector before he smirked.
Both the fox and the human lingered, tense, until the Sheriff of Nottingham glanced up at the two opponents and smirked.
“No, not good,” John intoned, his voice indicating that there would be no argument on that.  Sherlock hunched his shoulders and fidgeted for a minute in tense silence before he turned his head to Steven.
All whom were watching on their televisions, phones (and in Mycroft’s case, the CCTV) were taken by complete surprise at the unexpected luminosity.
Sherlock and Bucky both felt their stomachs drop as they audibly took in a breath simultaneously in distress.
John Watson didn’t even blink as he ripped though the head and torso one the last Heartless, his Keyblade easily cleaving through the creature and its halberd before the demon crumpled to its knees and disintegrated in a small detonation of shadows.
The fact that the medallion handing off the Sheriff’s neck as a chain instead of the typical medieval ribbon, as if he wanted to ensure that he couldn’t and wouldn’t lose it…
Finally, the Consulting Detective then dazedly spoke, his voice hoarse after hours of moans and fellatio.
It was the rage and fury that made Bucky forget all his martial and fighting skills, the years of army hand-to-hand and Hydra conditioning, that made him rowdily swing over and over at Sherlock’s torso, arms, shoulder and face.  The red haze over his eyes darkened each time Sherlock returned a blow, and Sherlock’s attempt to knee his nether-regions was off enough to make him gasp in relief, yet close enough to make him sweat.
Sherlock didn’t answer back as he laid against Steve’s bicep as a pillow, and the silence was rather unsettling.
Unremitting, Sherlock Holmes and Bucky Barnes kept brawling it out, no-holds barred, with Sherlock deducing that the throbbing in his jaw signified that he lost a couple of teeth while Bucky hoping that his left eye was merely swollen shut and not because Sherlock gouged it out with his fingernails.
“Oh God!” gasped Lestrade as he spotted one lone figure, on his hands and knees in the middle of the diminishing city square, transfixed and frozen.
Bucky just leaned back, steepled his fingers together, and waited for the incoming attack; then he’d have the perfect excuse to break Sherlock’s arms.
“Plenty of time then,” chimed back Elena Rodriguez, and within a single heartbeat, the vests disappeared from Sherlock’s hands as the speedster relinquished them from their position before returning to her original place where the Avengers and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D were currently eradicating the rest of the legionnaires lingering around the headquarters.
“At least I’ll take solace that Buck attacked the Chief in Sherlock’s honor.  Oh good, now the other Scotland Yard officers are trying to tackle Buck and Sherlock.”
With a whirlwind of smoke and shadow, the enormous Heartless appeared out of thin air.  It was certainly formidable, over seven feet tall and a well-built, muscular frame.  A treacherous Rhinoceros dressed in armor, complete with a red tunic bearing a black Heartless symbol, leather boots and gloves, and even a black cowl and mask to cover its head, contrasting against the sickly-gray skin and yellow jaundiced eyes.  However, the Head Executioner was holding a limp object it its arms tightly, nearly compressing its victim to death in a bear hug.
The four men placed the rings on each other’s fingers before they kissed deeply, enjoying the cool and electrifying sensation of each other’s lips.  John and Sherlock embraced, with Sherlock enveloping John’s shoulders while John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.  Steve actually dipped Bucky a bit in his brawny arms while Bucky caressed Steve’s chest underneath the tuxedo.
Mycroft was actually silent for a few seconds before he closed his eyes and inhaled and then exhaled deeply, wearily.
“Careful, careful…” the official droned, placating and in a condescending manner, “Do you really value your Keyblade over your ‘friend’?  Your dear Sherlock took a pretty bad beating, so not sure how much longer he’ll last.  Oh wait, I shouldn’t be surprised.  What else should have I expected from a pair of
Steve took no offense as he chuckled before rested his chin on Sherlock’s messy hair and said, “What can I say? I always wanted to dance with my hero.”
take Steve like a champ.  I was amazed how he didn’t ask to stop midway.  It was too painful for me at first.”
Sherlock protested, “This is ridiculous.  Just have Pocahontas heal me with her magic, and I’ll be right as rain within moments.  We cannot just uselessly - !”
John couldn’t help it.  The flashbacks were too vivid, too powerful.  The explosions reminded him of the searing heat from the roadside bombs that temporarily deafened the hearing in his right ear, the windy sands making the air dusty and difficult to breathe as he crawled amid wreckage and ducked gunfire to tend to his fallen comrades, the bullet ripping through the flesh and bone of his shoulder like wet paper, fracturing his soul and mind and sending bouts of crippling pain throughout his body.
,” John growled in an uncharacteristically feral voice.  He was hoping his burst of anger would amuse the wolf enough to not notice the two mice detectives sprinting towards Robin Hood, carefully ducking behind rubble and the tall grass all around them.
“We don’t know,” she decided to say at last.  Anderson was quite sure he would have preferred it if she lied to him…
Everyone turned towards the sources and stared, mouths dropping and eyes so wide, one could see the whites all around.  Even Sherlock and John Watson were struck dumb at the scene.  One constable even fainted due to the shock and the sudden sensation of blood rushing to his head.
“And do you, James Buchanan Barnes, take Steven Grant Rogers, as your husband, partner, and will always be with him until the end of the line?  For better and for worse, until you both are wrinkled old men – well,
“Intriguing…” Sherlock couldn’t help but whisper with troubled eyes, only to be furiously dragged down to the pavement by Lestrade as he tugged hard on Sherlock’s Belstaff.
John didn’t have any time to protest as he felt Sherlock tackle him towards the ground and shielded John with his own body, hugging him close.
Mrs. Turner didn’t look like she agreed, especially when a microscope went crashing through one of the windows and out onto the street below, nearly hitting a taxi in its trajectory.
“You and the other millions of people who saw the YouTube video,” cackled Steve uncharacteristically.
How the metal of the necklace was not gold or silver, but of plain brass.  An odd choice of jewelry for a Nottingham official of the King (who cared immensely about appearances)…
Sherlock was about to open his mouth to protest, but one glare from John spoke of the silent promise of further bodily injury made him silent.
“Tell me where Captain America and John Watson are being kept, and I won’t cripple you…” Bucky hissed murderously.
Rope burns around the wrists, glazed and sluggish eye movement indicating a slight concussion from Crossbones punching John in the head, heavy breathing signifying irregular heart palpitations from whatever they used to drug him and Steven…
“Pocahontas and Ralph are finishing up the last of them and freeing the townspeople, and everyone else took off for the hills screaming.  Elsa and the others just captured Prince John, so I don’t think we’ll be in any danger for a while,” Hiro said as he flipped his visor up, revealing his flushed face.
Sherlock’s forehead touched John’s as he murmured, “Never.  A thousand times over, I will never be bored for a single second in my life as long as you spend it with me.  Even if it meant beekeeping in Sussex, it would still be a grand adventure with you by my side.”
“First date is in Sky Gardens,” Lestrade confirmed as he then noticed Nick Fury handing Sherlock a bulging accordion folder before Sherlock, Bucky, John, and Steve entered Mycroft’s limousine and drove off away from Goldney Hall.
both John and Sherlock were staring wide-eyed at the wolf (while Robin Hood looked simply confused at statement).
It was then that Steve’s suppression collar and the timers on the Semtex explosives began to blink erratically…
John then turned to the camera (which was still filming) and called out, “Kelley, maybe you should be rather glad you don’t interact with us much.  You really don’t want this much insanity in your life.”
From the hidden darkness within the folds of time and space in the Dark Meridian, the yellow-eyed Nobody took this all in from his scry, watching the picture Doctor Watson smile as he touched his forehead against Sherlock Holmes’.  He then heard the muffled sound of footsteps in the sand as another figure joined him along the murky beach.
“Scanners indicate that Sherlock’s body temperature is slowly but steadily rising along with his heartbeat and hormone levels of endorphins.  I suggest several hours of quiet rest, relaxation in an unobtrusive environment, and for John Watson to stop holding Sherlock’s hand.”
Even with his time as a forensic technician for the Met, Anderson had never seen a cadaver with every one of his fingers broken.
John raised his head a bit in concern as he asked, “Sherlock.  Love.  You're awfully quiet.  Everything all right?”
After several seconds of pulsating shadow and sun, the radiance finally subsided, allowing all of the people in the warzone and around the world to finally witness what had happened as Sherlock and John opened their eyes.
The Sheriff continued speaking but John couldn’t and didn’t hear the smug wolf, although given how Robin’s eyes were narrowed and his fur was bristling, hackles raised, it wasn’t anything good.  The blood was roaring too loudly in his ears.
Sherlock Holmes, despite his injuries and the dried blood crusting over one of his eyes, immediately blinked repeatedly in Morse Code for John as he raised his head ever so slightly.
“And for all the people you have inspired and touched with your blog and your art,” John articulated before a deep and familiarly demonic staccato reverberated throughout the flat.  Steve frowned before he held up a finger at the camera.
“…um…doesn’t yelling at each at the top of your lungs kinda defeat the purpose of sneaking into a Hydra base in the first place?” Hydra Bob asked tentatively.
Together, all four of them danced with each other, Steve twirling Sherlock masterfully as John and Bucky performed a smooth underarm turn before Bucky enveloped John close to his chest.  The orchestra, led by Mycroft, presented a tasteful yet surprisingly harmonious pastiche of
Both Bucky and Sherlock’s heads snapped up as they looked at John with similar puzzled expressions and shocked eyes.
Ever since Steven Rogers and the Winter Soldier came into their lives, Sherlock’s days were filled with nothing but tension, aggravation, and many, many injuries due to that “Hydra Bicycle”.
That was enough for Dimmock as his face went to a sickly shade of green before he covered his mouth with one hand.  Running as fast as he could, Dimmock dashed out of the room, only to vomit his lunch out with disgusting sobs and heaving gasps.
“And it looks like we have found the two newest wielders,” said another tiny voice, warm and genially polite.
Both John and Sherlock were at a complete loss of words as they ogled dumbly at these strange irregularities.
Already, the entirety of Trafalgar Square was inundated with the alien invasion.  It was as they were a swarm of ants, a tidal wave of black invaders, flocking over a sugar cube, swelling upon each other and multiplying by the minute.  No matter how hard Londoners tried to fight back or flee, the Heartless stabbed, shot, and dogpiled any helpless victim they could reach, invading the South Africa House, Whitehall, and even defying gravity by running up the walls and scaffolds of Saint Martin-in-the-Fields.
Sherlock just pretended to pout, grumpily commenting, “Blame the Hydra Bicycle for the indignity to my mouth.  I’d sue the bastard if I knew if he even had a pound to his name.”
is a sign of a miracle-worker!” Steve exclaimed with his eyes twinkling, and John chortled at the memory.
If John got his hands on Sherlock, there was a good chance he was going to kill Sherlock himself by throttling him.
Robin silently took the extra handkerchief from John’s clenched fist and wet the cloth with some water from his canteen before gently wiping the dried blood off Sherlock’s face.
” screeched an outraged Sally, though one could not tell if she were angry and fearful as Anderson, Anthea, and a few Yard officers tried to shoot the Heartless before it could hit John.  Unfortunately, the demon was too swift and evasive, effortlessly skirting past the bullets with ease before heading directly towards John Watson.
gaunt.  Lestrade was on the same train of thought as he then questioned, “All right, but I’m not sure that explains why - ”
Sherlock’s jaw throbbed as his teeth began to painfully grind against each other down to the molars.
“By being Hydra’s literal punching bag.  Still, far more preferable to be you than John, I suppose.”
Yet, no blood spilled, no gruesome rending of flesh and bone, no corpses or physical evidence of the massacre as the stonework and Mall was laid bare.
John committed to memory of seeing a flabbergasted and baffled Sherlock, speechless and temporarily struck dumb, for the rest of his life.  This along with seeing a talking, human-sized, anthropomorphic dog with two adequately-sized talking mice who just happened to be eerily similar to the famous Disney characters they depicted.
After several seconds, the alien sapling then pranced over to Sherlock’s cell-phone on the desk before entering the key-code and pressing a button to activate the speed-dial.
“We are gathered here today – oh what the hell, let’s just skip to the important crap and get to the part where if anyone has any objections to whether or not these four men should not get hitched.  Because I assure you that if
“And now I completely regret subjugating myself to whatever diseases and sexually-transmitted bacteria flowing through your flabby body…” grimaced Sherlock as he gagged and tried to spit out the blood on his tongue.
lucrative amount to have these two in their possessions, but the downside is they probably won’t be adorable anymore.  Ah well, nothing lasts forever, etcetera etcetera…”
Sherlock had the grace to look a bit embarrassed as he heatedly explained, “I may have deleted it, all right?!”
Anderson blinked before his gaze went to the blood splatter on the floor, walls, and even the ceiling of the room, noticing that they were too widespread for such a contained assault.  Not to mention that the corpse wouldn’t look
I’ve been looking forward to Angelo’s grub since we entered the Centaurus System!” whooped Rocket Raccoon as he made a beeline towards the buffet line with Groot in tow.
getting better.  They formed the dog-pile much quicker than last time,” noted Steve, nodding his head a bit.
Oblivious to how deep he was in, Sherlock just blithely derided, “Astounding, you required less than an hour to actually arrive to the logical conclusion.  Well done.  It appears your elementary-school lessons with Captain America are showing a dramatic improvement.  Now, be less of a nuisance and kindly slither back to 221C.  You’re in my light and I would like to finish this article –
“Like a dog with two dicks, Hydra Bicycle!” Sherlock snapped, one eye starting to swell as he used his legs as leverage to wrap Bucky in a triangle-choke jiu-jitsu move from behind.
There was an uncomfortable silence before Sherlock realized he may have committed a verbal faux pas considering that John was frowning disapprovingly at him (or as much as he could with one eye swollen shut), Bucky looked like he was ready to rip Sherlock’s head off, and Steve, though not showing any offense, had a touch of disappointed sadness in his puppy-dog, cerulean orbs.
” howled Bucky at the top of his lungs as he lunged towards Sherlock, but he was so disoriented and wildly overwhelmed that his swing at his antagonist missed Sherlock by a wide berth, allowing Sherlock to effortlessly dodge the punch and leaving Bucky clinging to the fireplace mantle for support.
“The catapults!  They’re all destroyed!” shrieked an Elephant as the Graviga spells rent their precious war instruments asunder, splintering them into useless kindling and twisted metal.
Mycroft’s mouth thinned before looking at the bottle of antacid and immediately dropping the medicine back into his desk drawer before slamming it shut and heading to the open bar nearby.
Meanwhile, Mycroft Holmes, Fury, and Phil Coulson were standing in a circle around the remains of Jim Moriarty’s body with Lestrade, Detective Inspector Dimmock, and Sally Donovan of Scotland Yard and Phillip Anderson in a crude circle not too far away from the cells where John Watson and Steven Rogers were held captive.
“It is.  Wait…look over the rail.  Are there any cameras or infrared sensors near the window-ledge below us?”
” Lestrade cursed before he realized too late what was going to happen as Sherlock dashed forward in the line of fire out in the open, too late for Lestrade to try and tackle him.
Rosie gurgled and whined for her father, but soothingly, the Cloak of Levitation made cooing noises from the folds of cloth as it bounced and rocked the infant girl within its comforting fabric, like a true babysitter.
Sherlock saw stars and flashes of light dance across his eyes and Bucky yanked on his hair and shoved his face and hard against the floor, hammering his stomach all the meanwhile.  Spitting out blood from his mouth, the Consulting Detective wiggled and fought for leverage as he used every dirty technique he could think of to gain the upper hand.  He heard something rip, and Sherlock beseeched that it was cloth and not his hair coming out of his scalp.
In addition to being swathed in iron chains and in a gripping vise within the Heartless’ brawny arms, Sherlock was teetering on the brink of consciousness from a rather severe thrashing.  His prized Belstaff coat was torn, his nose broken and smeared with blood along with the rest of his cut and bruised face.  Dried vomit and bile crusted down his mouth and chin.  A red shiner bloomed in Sherlock’s left eye, swelling and making it difficult for Sherlock to blink, his curly hair messed up and missing patches (where the Sheriff ripped it off by the handfuls while punching Sherlock repeatedly in the face during his captivity).  And to add further insult to the injury, Sherlock’s ankle was at a wince-worthy angle, fractured.
Bucky’s complexion went white as he stiffened and gripped the armrests of the chair, hissing with distress, “No…”
His loyal legions of Elephants, Rhinoceroses, and Rats were all injured, dead, or fleeing for their cowardly lives…
Both John and Steve looked over their shoulders to see Bucky putting Sherlock in a headlock, with the Consulting Detective reaching for the nearest blunt object (which happened to be a stapler) as Bucky continued to strangle him.
“And you must be stupider than you look.  One move from either of you, and the Consulting Detective dies,” the Sheriff said harshly.
Steve chuckled as he buried his nose against Sherlock’s neck, “Don’t worry, Sherlock.  There wasn’t any bleeding, and Bucky made sure to apply a lot of lube, so you’re good.  Right?”
Indeed, more and more Heartless materialized within portals of shadows, completely appearing out of thin air, before jogging alongside the Buckingham Guard monstrosities.  These new horrors were quicker, faster, sprinting towards various monuments and crowds of people before killing themselves as effective suicide bombers.  They were more wraithlike, pointed ears and with gangly arms and legs like frog-like gremlins, wearing beige vests strapped across their torso’s with blinking lights and duct-taped bricks of explosive across the fabric.
“Do you also promise to stop antagonizing Sherlock Holmes and to quit calling him a ‘consulting crapsack’, as apt as that may be?”
Nearly everyone else though stayed and applauded as John, Sherlock, Steve, and Bucky all waited for a beaming Kelley to step forward with the satin pillow where the four titanium-gold rings laid.  Each etched not with a diamond, but with a simple star, half red and white, adorned with a tiny leaflet shaped of a honeybee and a hedgehog.
“We wished to commemorate this day as a thank you for all the ardent support you have shown all of us throughout the years,” John spoke over the noise of Bucky crashing against the bookshelves.
Warmly, Bucky used his non-bionic arm to bring John closer to his sore body, cuddling the doctor to his side.  Bucky then kissed the top of the blond, matted curls before commenting.
“Can you send me a copy of that image, dearie?” Mrs. Hudson asked eagerly, “Mrs. Turner will absolutely scream when I show her this!”
“Do you, Steven Grant Rogers, take – ah, screw it.  If you’ll love Barnes despite the whole Winter Soldier shit, then you’ll love him
Possible puncture of the posterior segment of one of Sherlock’s lungs given the way he was now rasping…
Shuddering and giving a quaky, inhuman scheech, the Heartless toppled backwards and died, crumbling into shades and wisps of black smoke as the injured Sherlock tumbled to the grass and dirt with a groan, still bruised and bound in chains, but still very much alive.
Until the Sheriff looked upwards to see the gaping hole the Keyblade left in the Heartless’ head, above the snout and cleaving through its forehead between the eyes brilliantly by mere centimeters when it rushed past and tore through the Rhino.
cold cases that were formerly under S.H.I.E.L.D. security before its disassembly that required a lot of clearance to get back from the C.I.A’s hands.”
“Oh who are you kidding, you pinhead?!  You’re not associated with MI-6 at all!  Quit making promises you can’t keep once your brother finds out about this!”
“We’ll take this, thank you!” yelled Dawson and he and Basil successfully grabbed the medallion before it could fall and hurriedly slid down the adipose tissue bulging on his back before roughly landing on the grass and hightailing away from the Sheriff as quickly as the two mice could.
The screens on their phones went black, but not before displaying a rather infuriating taunt for additional injury with a small emoji of Moriarty with a toothy smile and making a zipping motion across its mouth with a tiny hand.
“More like me and another lawyer named Jeri Hogarth that May thinks I’ll enjoy meeting,” winked Harry as she gave her brother an affectionate and sloppy kiss on the cheek.
Lestrade, in the background and down below, was wearily covering his face with his hands as he surveyed the damage.
Prince John saw the Courtyard Gates, the front entrance left wide open and the drawbridge down.  Taking his chances and seizing the largest sack of gold he could possibly carry and sling over his shoulder, the lanky and scraggy lion went sprinting towards the exit and abandon.
“Sherlock, when did you and John have…those things?” Lestrade asked as he broke the silence, staring bugged-eyed at the two weapons.  Sherlock did not answer, frowning, as he rudely ignored the Detective Inspector while analyzing the strange apparatus and silently going over the possibilities of the significance of these peculiar weapons emerging immediately after the strange foray with the Heartless.
Steve looked up in dazed astonishment before he slowly turned his gaze to the Cloak of Levitation.  To its pride, the Cloak preened and posed shamelessly, invoking Rosie in its makeshift arms to giggle as the Cloak tickled her.
Basil and Dawson gave each other a knowing look at John’s words before they continued watching on, only they now joined hands, feeling comfort at the touch of their fingers and paws.
Dimmock’s mouth was in a thin line, lips pressed tightly as he continued to stare with wide eyes and a sickly expression, sweat beading his brow.  As much as he wanted to maintain his dignity of not getting queasy, he couldn’t stop staring, unable to take his riveted eyes away from the biological trainwreck.
Infuriatingly, Sherlock was not even taking precautionary cover behind the auto as he stood and stared, trying to deduce the strange anomalies assaulting England.
“Gawrsh,” Goofy said hesitantly, “Did I do it wrong?  Do you people shake hands here as a way to say ‘hello’?”
Depression in the bloody skin of his face underneath his left eye meant that Steve’s cheekbone was splintered.  Patches of bloody scalp where his hair was missing because Crossbones gleefully ripped off Steve’s golden tresses by the handfuls. Smears of blood and rips in his clothing showing Steve’s skin peppered with red and purple bruises, blossoming into ugly spots, along with scorch marks from electro-torture and cigarette burns, and right in Steve’s scapula region in his back was an ugly, gaping hole where one Hydra agent used a power drill.  Two of his fingers were broken, rasps in his breathing meant that Steve had a couple of shattered ribs, and Steve couldn’t lean on his right leg because his ankle was badly fractured.
“Sod off, you syphilis-ravaged pillock!” as Sherlock managed to narrowly avoid the soldier’s blitz by weaving around the couch.
“Oh yes,” Violet breathed, looking out the window now, even though there was nothing to see but tinted glass. “My brother broke the story, actually, in early 2007*. I had told him about the conditions when I had interned there, which wasn’t great back then, but it had grown progressively worse as the years dragged on.” Then in a voice so hushed, Sherlock almost missed it, she added, “He was a contender for the Pulitzer for that story.”
“I’ve been talking to you the entire ride,” John said as the black cab turned onto Baker Street. “Have you heard to a word I’ve said?”
Violet’s face darkened for a moment but she pulled her fake spectacles out of her cardigan pocket and put them on. “I’ll get it,” she told John as she stood up.
“These shoes are already ruined, no sense in ruining a perfectly good pair of boots as well,” Sherlock sniffed before jumping into the black abyss.
Facing Sherlock and Violet, Rucastle slapped his knees. “You’re in for a treat, Violet. I got us a table at a new restaurant opening. Very high-end, very exclusive, only London’s best will be there. People like…” and he started rattling off names of British actors, musicians and politicians as if they were his dear personal friends.
Then, smiling at Billy like a besotted girlfriend, she set the iPad on the bridge rail. Putting her arm around his shoulders, she said “Act like you are taking a selfie,” she instructed him. “But do
Lestrade lunged for Sherlock again, only this time he fought back. He twisted Lestrade’s arm behind his back as easily and painfully as he had Mycroft’s the day before he had gotten shot by Mary. And he had been high when he restrained Mycroft. “That’s quite enough.”
“Yes,” Mary put the basket down, stood aside and pushed the little girl forward. “This is Lily. She’s the daughter of one of Molly’s old school friends.”
Violet’s silence was just as ominous. The only noise she made was to slam the door behind her as she half-stalked, half-limped out of the block of flats.
At the same time Grace and Neil entered the posh Parisian restaurant, Mary Watson struggled to keep her eyes open.
“That looks military issue,” John crouched down to examine it. Then he looked up at Sherlock and Dupin. “Maybe it wasn’t The Lady after all.”
Mycroft sighed theatrically, again reminding Violet of Sherlock. “Pity I can’t bring you onboard MI-6 in an official capacity,” he rose lithely to his feet. “I shall get the records you require in order for you to continue creating your… profile.”
After she changed her clothes, she poked around a little more and found a gun and an extra clip in the bolt-hole as well.
“Another freelancer,” Mycroft ground his teeth as he always did when he thought about Mary Watson, “Unauthorized hit.”
He finished the movement, walking away so John and Violet would hear the music getting softer. Led them into a sense of false security. Once he finished the song, he then tucked the violin under his arm, held his bow in his fist. Took three giant running steps back to the door, threw it open and glowered at the pair of them.
“You’re not married then.” Mary was startled at the woman’s willingness to share her life so easily and openly. But then, she had spent almost three years of her life with a man who would not open up even on the pains of death.
“Barack Obama,” Violet Hunter mumbled. Then she allowed herself to slip into the grey, which immediately faded to black.
Vi-O-Let,” Sherlock sing-songed to her as he settled himself down onto “his” chair and booted up his laptop.
“Here and there,” Violet dared to walk slowly to the sofa. She felt the Professor’s eye on her as she dragged her left foot, trudging to the sofa. Sinking down, she placed her hands in her lap like a lady. As if she was
about the far-reaching consequences of their actions instead of pursuing short-termed goals for instant gratification? If he’s too stupid to solve two simple murders, he’s not going to have the capacity or ability to solve a murder like this one. He should retire and draw his pension,” Sherlock started pacing around John again, clenching his fists and muttering: “If he could solve this case by himself (which he can’t) it’s not going to save his career.”
always worried about you. He hated leaving you behind, oh I know more about you than you wish I did,” he gave Sherlock a grave smile. “It pained him to leave you behind. He never visited or wrote because it wasn’t safe.”
“William,” Mycroft made himself sound as stern as he possibly could, which was difficult when his voice still cracked periodically. “Listen to me, what has happened to you is not your fault. It’s mine. I’m the eldest while Ford is away. It’s my job to mind you. I should have watched out for you better. But I’m here now, Little Brother, I’m
When he felt Mary rising however, he hooked his hairy leg around her smooth leg and grabbed her waist. “Stay,” he half-growled, half-whined, as his hand found her breast. He started teasing her nipple with his thumb, feeling it harden as he breathed “Stay,” against her throat.
Her tears did not annoy him as much as the tears from other women had. Her grief for his friend was genuine.
“Hot-wiring this van so we can go where we are actually needed,” Sherlock grumbled as he examined the ignition. “Do you have a screwdriver handy?”
On top of everything else, she had suffered a head injury and passed out in a cab as she tried to get Baker Street to tell Sherlock and The Met about the evidence she had to prove Moriarty was real. She had his fingerprints. Moriarty, as he continued to decompress, to spiral downwards into madness, had not worn gloves. She had the knife he had used to kill Steven.
“But will we get a chance to take out Holmes and Hunter like this? In one fell swoop and just be done with it all?” Peters pointed out.
“Mycroft contacted Interpol, asking to loan him some of our agents. Had a routine surveillance job in Paris and wanted some local assistance. Both Marie and I were close to
“You are wasting time!” Rucastle shrieked. “You,” he glared at Toller. “Earn your keep. Do something right for a change and put the American in the boot.”
,” John scowled as Sherlock helped him to his feet. “The poor girl was malnourished, dehydrated and about to go into shock. If I hadn’t been there to treat her, I don’t kno- OI!” John yelped as Sherlock jammed his hand into John’s back jeans pocket. He glared daggers at Sherlock as he hopped on his good leg while gripping the banister for support. “Little warning next time?”
“Oh shit! I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” Violet reached for his face to examine the damage. “Did the cuts break back open?”
In a cutting voice, he added “And I am not using Violet the way you are using Patricia. Violet is actually… important to me. If she were to leave because she believed I was unfaithful, I would blame you completely for whatever could happen after she left.”
“Yes you can, you’re the goddamned fucking British government!” Violet exploded. “It’s obviously a trap for Sherlock. Are you just going to let him walk into it by himself?”
Not to mention John had his own debts to pay. Being out of work was no joke. The lack of cases from the Met had hurt John financially more than he cared to admit.
“Stop it,” she told herself, squeezing her hand into a fist, pushing out of her head the image of Jim Moriarty murdering her partner then, covered in Steven’s blood, coming for her…
Thank God Mycroft had been trapped in meetings all day. There was no such thing as a relaxing weekend for The British Government.
“Let me talk to him first,” John insisted. “No, listen, maybe he did reach out to you to help him get to the hospital, but he won’t
“Oh fuck you,” Violet sighed. But grudgingly, she left the top button undone. “It’s not as if I have that much on top anyway.”
“I did try,” he repeated himself, this time without the peevishness. “I wanted it… us… to work. Truly, I’m not saying that simply to spare your feelings.” He linked his long fingers together and held his hands loosely between his spread legs. “If John and Mary were still as blissfully happy together as they were when they first had gotten engaged, if their marriage endured because of mutual love and respect and not because of lies and emotional blackmail… then yes, my dear Violet, you would have had a chance, more than just a chance.”
But the bullet that penetrated Sherlock didn’t perforate him. Luckily, he had fallen onto his back, the bullet within him acting like cork, keeping the blood inside.
“Ice,” he said tersely. “I need ice, we need ice.” John paused, took a deep breath and started over. “Mrs. Hudson, do you have any ice? Or frozen vegetables in your freezer? There’s nothing in here except frozen toes.”
“Rejection, mostly,” Dupin said blandly. “Obvious by the way you overcompensate. Your military history, your medical skills, your blog, your dating history…
“Oh, I see now,” Violet Hunter took a giant slug of wine then took off her fake spectacles. “He gets it from you.”
“Universal health care,” John promptly interrupted. He had never made it a secret how much he hated the American health care system.
“Guess he will,” Mary breathed, resting her head on John’s shoulder. “Thank you,” she added. “I’m glad he’s dead, Peters. After what he did to you, to me, to us all…”
“My brother,” Sherlock’s face darkened. “The last time I was this closely monitored was after a near-fatal overdose I had suffered when I was a young man. I’m sure my brother enjoyed seeing me strapped down to a bed.” When he looked down and saw John’s eyes as wide as saucers, he sighed, “Sorry, I thought you knew.”
But it was slow-going and painful. Violet didn’t know if the muscle cramps were from the cold or from the Tasering. Her strained shoulder pulsed with every beat of her heart. Every step she lurched forward felt like she trod on razor blades. Hazily she remembered her mother reading her bedtime stories. Remembered how she drank in her mother’s dulcet voice as she read out loud the story of
“Fuck!” John burst out upon seeing a young man, lying on the pavement, throat slit, ears sliced clean away.
John stood in the doorway. He leaned on the doorjamb, his weight all on his good leg. But the hands pointing Toller’s gun at Rucastle’s head were perfectly steady.
“Stay clear, stay safe,” Sherlock’s eyes became quite bright and wet suddenly. “He’s already targeted my best friend. I can only imagine what he would do to… to you. And your daughter.”
he thought as he wandered off to retrieve Lady Elise’s films and journals, which had been hidden in Alice’s old childhood bedroom inside the box-spring of her old canopy bed.
“Oh, I have protection set in place for when that happens,” he breathed. “Thanks to the Holmes brothers, I will never have to worry about the
John bolted up so quickly, he banged his head on the seat in front of Sherlock’s. He stood up rapidly but his legs immediately gave way and he plopped down right in the middle of the aisle.
Mycroft blinked. Already this wasn’t going the way he had planned. “He didn’t tattle, I made him tell me. You
“But we need to leave now,” there had been more than a bite of impatience in Sherlock’s voice,  “Before Mycroft’s creatures arrive,”
John instantly felt guilty. So, it wasn’t the gunshot wound that was playing up, but an old injury he had sustained after The Fall.
“What? But I…” Suddenly Sherlock looked mulish, almost angry. Two spots of red actually flared up on his bone-white cheeks. “What if I’m not in love with her? What if
She looked very Mary Watson, almost defiantly Mary Watson. She wore a lavender t-shirt, khakis shorts and her beloved old white trainers. Her short platinum hair was held back from her face with two tiny lavender clips. She ordered a grande iced hazelnut macchiato. She also carried a rucksack as well as a very small handbag, only big enough for her driver’s license and bank card.
“Right, sorry,” John mumbled as he located an old fashioned kettle that had to be boiled on the stove top. Turning the tap on, he asked, “So what are we thinking then?”
Sherlock heard John firmly shut the bedroom door and pad back towards the lounge. “She’s dead asleep, Sherlock.”
“She’s no longer a person of interest regarding how the Pentagon was hacked in 2008 or any involvement she may have had with the True IRA or the
The trio stood there silently as the tension mounted. While brother gazed at brother coolly the woman continued glaring at Mycroft. Every muscle in her body was tensed, fuelled with adrenaline, as if she readied herself for the precise moment when she could leap forward and kill Mycroft with her bare hands.
Violet however was traveling down a completely different avenue. “You admitted you weren’t always faithful to Victor when you were still using, so despite your claims to the contrary, you do have a sex life. Actually, you’re kind of a man-whore,” she added cheerfully.
“Gladstone doesn’t do well around strangers. Let’s let him get acquainted with  everyone first before handing him off, yes?”
“It’s alright Violet,” Sherlock said briskly, “Give me your handbag,” he ordered, appealing to the practical side of her nature now. She handed the clutch over and Sherlock plucked out her overlarge sunglasses out and put them on her. Then he ordered her to “Hold still.” Violet, for once, didn’t argue. She stood perfectly still as Sherlock plucked out all the kirby grips and dropped the lot in her clutch. He ran his fingers through her hair, moving locks of it this way and that, until he arranged it so a large bit of it hung over half her face. She looked like a
“Jesus Christ, you don’t even remember, you were that high,” Lestrade rolled his eyes. “When we pinched you, you kept raving about the carpet in the doctor’s office, that it was a matter of urgency for us to check the carpet.”
The two detectives and the army doctor froze for just a second. Then Sherlock sprang into action. But John pushed past Dupin to grab Sherlock by the back of his coat. “Let me go first,” he snapped. “You’ve already been shot once.”
“So,” John waited until they had passed the philosopher Auguste Comte’s grave (a strange thing that looked like an oversized baby’s cradle) before speaking. “It’s hidden there, the Letter?”
“Which means,” John gave Gladstone a pat on his head, “It’s time for us to go to Baden-Baden. Mycroft will trail us like Hansel and Gretel following breadcrumbs to the gingerbread house.”
John paused, then remembered another awful night, one not so long ago, when Sherlock was coming down from the speedballs forced upon him, how he had started hallucinating wildly, regressing back to his boyhood, reliving his childhood traumas. Recalling how Mycroft had abandoned him even back then. Had led him like a lamb to the slaughter.
But, strangely enough, the work comforted her. The precision of her tasks, the ritual of routine soothed her frazzled nerves. One found it difficult to worry about home invasions, dead pets and a criminal mastermind when one held someone else’s brain in a metal pan.
But he cut across her, “Do you know what Moriarty’s people will do if the rumors are confirmed that he’s mine?” Before Violet could answer, Sherlock told her: “They will sell him to the highest bidder. And can you deduce who the highest bidder would be, if he ever found out  the child’s true paternity?”
“I didn’t want to be rude,” John said, “And just barge into the place like I still lived there. Besides, I thought,” now he looked stern instead of guilty, his eyebrows knit together and his lips turned down into a severe frown. “You were supposed to be in bed.
“Oh,” was all she said, but she did feel slightly crestfallen. The stargazer lilies had been really lovely, but she supposed she should not have been surprised that the flowers had been tossed out. She had stopped wearing her favorite perfume shortly after she had moved into the flat with him. Especially after how he had commented he could smell the extract of witch hazel and coconut oil she used in her beauty regime. And witch hazel barely had a scent to it at all.
“Yes,” Violet rapidly agreed with him. “He was, he really was, if he could… have been found, our stories would have been much different.”
“Fine,” she sighed, turning to go. “Fun-hater,” but she gasped when he caught her by the crook of her arm.
“Mycroft’s a moron,” Victor snorted, hoping to make Sherlock smile. Mocking Mycroft usually got a small grin from him. This time, Sherlock only wriggled out of Victor’s grip,
“Good. Because I’m at your son’s school, watching him on the playground as he kicks a football around with his mates. Good looking boy, your son. What’s his name again? Darrin, no Devin, wasn’t it?”
“Well, this has been a most informative chat. I do thank you for your time, as you must be exhausted,” Mycroft stood up and reached over for his umbrella, coat and umbrella.
"So she’s your sister. Irrelevant. She’s a criminal, a murderer. What’s more, she’s working for Jim Moriarty. She helped create today’s pandemonium.” Sherlock gave the lady a cruel smile. “Now, you’re going to help me.”
Violet didn’t notice, she was too busy studying the print-out she had taken from Sherlock. She shook her ugly brown curls. “I… I’m not sure. I told you. I only took a semester and that was over eight years ago, not to mention it was a bitch. I really struggled. The other languages were easy since most of them have Latin roots. And if you know German, you know Slavic languages which means you can figure out Russian if you pay attention but…”
Eventually the shadows began to lengthen as the sun moved towards the west. “Do you want to order take-away?” John asked, hoping he’d say yes.
“No,” Dupin sounded amenable enough. “Not good at all, but, ah,” he shrugged. “He is right. I thought I did not need my medication, but…” he shrugged again. “As soon as this case is closed, I will go back on them. Right now, I need my mind to be clear, to think, to ratiocinate.  The medication they prescribed to me makes me feel slow, groggy. But, it controlled my impulse to hoard. Right now, the need to bring Eduardo Lucas’ killer to justice and to retrieve The Letter outweighs my mental health needs.”
“Indeed, our new friend Sara is in touch with Mycroft’s elusive MI-6 mole,” Sherlock looked pleased at John coming to his conclusion. “Miss Sara left behind the memory stick, placed the floorboard back in place, snatched up her handbag and mobile and was out the fire escape.” Sherlock pointed to the bedroom window, also covered with a heavy cream curtain. “Therefore our mysterious Sara must be some sort of courier, a mule, if you will, but of information, not of drugs or other contraband items. This is not just a bolt-hole John, not just a place for members of Moriarty’s syndicate to hide. No. This is a drop-box, a secure place to leave information and to receive payment. This room was cleaned not only to eliminate the evidence of who Sara Govmux really is, but to ready it for its next occupant.”
Violet squeezed her eyes tightly, clinging onto the shelves with her fingertips while standing on her tiptoes on one of the lower shelves.
“Yeah, man, you were really fucked up,” Rat Boy told Mitton helpfully. “When we found you, you barely knew your own name. We had to knock you out to get you out of there.”
With trembling fingers he reached out beside him and felt slick, bulky polyester beneath him, the kind used for cheap duvets for low-budget motels.
Unlike Sherlock, Dupin incorporated emotions in his investigations in a process he called “ratiocination.”  He defined this as investigation methods based upon obtaining hard, scientific data in order to create a logical conclusion while at the same time, not ignoring the infinite possibilities available despite the absence of data.
As Sherlock slunk away, Lestrade had called after him, reminding him that he needed to question Sherlock, to document how he had made his deductive leap from the Earl’s offhand comment about boxing John’s ears to determining that Jimsie Browner had been the Cardboard Box Murderer (as the tabs had gleefully just named him.)
… then her stomach twisted with guilt. The last time he had hinted that maybe she had a bit of the Baby Blues, she had taken great offense and started a row with him. Of course, their row woke up the baby.
“God no,” Lestrade said immediately. “You might as well paint a bull’s eye on your back if you had broadcasted the truth. But unfortunately it’s only a short term solution, keeping quiet. I worry about the future. If he looks like his real dad, if he’s as brilliant as his real dad.”
“I will. I do, I promise,” John reached out with his fingertips, grazing the back of Sherlock’s hand. “But you have to do the same. No rooftop chases or dynamic heroics.”
Handing the paper cups to Violet, he put the phone on speaker so Violet could hear. He knew the peons wandering though this charade of Goodwill towards All Men would not be paying a jot of attention to them.
The fire crackled merrily in the hearth. Violet sat cross-legged, back to the fireplace, in between John and Sherlock’s chairs. Five manila folders lay in front of her, in a semi-circle. A glass of water and a bottle of ibuprofen sat next to her on the left and to her right lay her “official” Smartphone, her “unofficial” prepaid mobile and her Glock.  With the safety off, naturally.
“Boring,” Sherlock announced loudly. He bolted up out of his chair and snatched up the sheet music he had been looking for earlier. He reached over Violet and lined up the pages in a row on the piano’s music holder. “Give this a try. I think this is more suited to you.”
“I get it, mate,” Lestrade said sagely. “I don’t know what I’d do if I couldn’t be a cop anymore. It’s in my DNA just like being a doctor is in yours.” He gave John an encouraging smile. “It’ll all sort itself out, I’m sure of it. They’d be stupid not to let you doctor anymore.”
Molly and Greg had offered to stop by with a bit of Christmas dinner for the Watsons. On Mary’s request, John begged off, saying they wanted to be alone. But in reality, neither he nor Mary didn’t want to see little Henry. They didn’t want to be reminded of what they had lost.
“Oh, don’t be afraid, Miss Adler,” the old lion gave her a gentle smile. “We have no plans to eliminate you or disfigure you, despite what you might have been told.” He gave a stern look to Julia then turned his gaze back to Irene, his face once again kind, almost tender. “You’re a gift, you see. See, someone very dear to me is coming home and I want him to have the Very Best.”
“I’m sorry,” Lestrade finally holstered his gun. “I really am. I couldn’t risk it, taking the shot.”
PS: Still TECHNICALLY a WIP... but I'm writing the second to the last chapter now and know that there will be definitely one more after that. Thank you for reading and commenting and kudo'ing! XXX :^D
Lisbeth had pulled his ski mask off. A whey-faced, freckled teenager, probably nineteen at the most, he had tears in his eyes.
Sherlock had finished his glass of water and was about to drink a second one when his mobile vibrated. He put the glass down and picked the mobile back up. He smirked when he read her reply:
She, naturally, gave him a hug, which he endured with minimal complaint. “Enjoy Paris, Sherlock,” she cooed.
Of course, as all women were, she was excluded from “church.” But, unfazed, Frankie had merely shrugged a thin shoulder and commented, “The less I know what goes on behind those closed doors, the better off I am.”
Mr. Holmes, she had found, was a soft-spoken, well-mannered man who loved music, books, his wife and his sons and not necessarily in that order. He would quietly intervene when Mrs. Holmes became a bit too overbearing and Sherlock a bit too rude.
Violet looked up at the building, craning her neck as if she could see the windows of 221B from her position. As if she could see the Great Detective watching them.
Lisbeth felt desperately sorry for the socially awkward Englishman and pity was not an emotion she felt often. She felt his pain, knew his pain intimately: the stabbing despair of Not Fitting In. Being judged and found lacking because of odd mannerisms, ridiculous clothes and an oversized intellect. Being bullied and abused because when they were small children because they were little and thin and easy prey.
“Anyway,” John felt his gut churning while listening to the two women casually discuss another woman’s murder. “Why are you bringing up Maisie, exactly?”
“We playin’ priest and altar boy?” Rat Boy quipped as he unbuckled his belt and pulled it through the loops.
“It’s OK, Sweetie,” Mary pressed her head against Sweetie’s. Embracing the bulldog, she whispered in a shaky voice, “The bad man is gone now.”
Which is also why they agreed that while splitting up would be quicker, more efficient, it lessened their personal defenses. “Even though we are both bad-asses, let’s just stick together,” Violet said in a hushed voice as the thunder rolled outside.
Since “Miss Smith” acted uncompromisingly rigid as well as glacial, the match made sense. A robot of a woman together with a machine of a man.
Violet cowered and put her hands up, almost to the end of her tether. “John, you’ve pointed a gun at me before and didn’t shoot and you’re not going to shoot me now.” When he didn’t lower his arm, Violet added in a quaking voice, “John,
.” She finally turned to face Sherlock. “You knew that wasn’t a picture of a random baby girl. You knew it was Maisie.”
“We’ll return at five o’clock. That should give you sufficient time to rest, eat and freshen up,” Dupin reached into his coat and pulled out his business card. Handing it to John, he said “It has all my contact information if you need to reach me before then.”
“You think Rucastle had anything to do with this?” John looked around the room in dismay and disgust. “I mean, we’ve established he’s a sick bastard but…”
He closed his eyes just as Victor pressed his mouth to his. A thousand sensations flooded his body, threatening to overload his system.
Sherlock had already hopped up onto the motorcycle and turned it on, throttling it on purpose to draw their prey towards him. Lisbeth darted away from Violet and threw her narrow leg over the saddle, wrapping her thin arm around Sherlock’s waist.
“But Mycroft did take my daughter and I can’t leave Mary now. I can’t divorce her because without me, Mycroft will blow her fucking head off, won’t he?”
Violet sighed. Sherlock liked the cold. He might not be very receptive to additional requests, not after today’s events.
“Please Jim, can you fix it?” Sherlock sneered, although mindful of the digital clock ticking down on Violet’s chest…
Sherlock locked his fingers with John’s right hand again then carefully stretched their arms out together then up and over John’s head, resting their twined fingers on the pillow. He awkwardly removed the cannula left-handed, never breaking his gaze with John until John smiled and closed his eyes. Sherlock took the hint and promptly began kissing him again. The second John’s lips parted, Sherlock’s tongue swept back inside, exploring, tasting as they lay chest-to-chest while John combed Sherlock’s curls with his left hand.
She felt tears prick her eyes as a curvy, older woman about Mrs. Hudson’s age modeled some horribly tacky diamante jewelry on QVC.
,” the usual snide smile was back on his thin lips. “Attempting to play mind-games, Agent Hunter, against me?” he chuckled. “I commend you, you’re quite good. I can see how you’re a worthy adversary for the average criminal but I am neither average nor a criminal.” He drew himself up. “I agree, the time for games is over and you
She didn’t play because she was a genius or a prodigy. She played for the sake of playing. She loved music.
“Oh they’re not there anymore,” Violet informed him. “I rented rooms for those kids for the weekend.”
Violet silently congratulated Mycroft, recognizing the simplicity and the genius of his plan. He must have built this garage over the original exit of the tunnel. The tunnel takes him straight to his escape vehicles. A Range Rover, a boring non-descript sedan, a couple of bicycles and a pair of motorcycles that reminded Violet of the dirt bikes she and Michael had ridden for fun when they had lived with their grandmother on her farm.
Sherlock heard a shuffling noise, then a burst of French from both the Parisian and the Swede. Then Dupin’s voice boomed in his ear, “I will catch the first flight to Lausanne tonight. How soon can Dr. Watson join me?”
. But… truth be told… I wish it would have been me, not him, that ended up by your side. I wish I could have been strong enough to stay…”
“Mycroft? Wear a suit that wasn’t bespoke for him? Perish the thought,” Violet laughed and found herself wishing that she and Mary really could be friends.
“Sorry,” John said in that tone of voice that meant he very well was not sorry. Not one little bit. “So… boys then.”
and I told you I wanted John to come with us if we moved to New York, your pulse elevated. You were jealous. Are jealous,” Sherlock amended himself. “You were perfectly fine with Rucastle and the Tollers killing Violet and letting John take the blame for her murder.”
“You better go,” Mary said after a bit more kissing while John put himself more or less together again.
He dressed in his second favorite pair of pyjamas bottoms but didn’t bother with a T-shirt. He had gotten out of the habit of wearing a T-shirt when he and Violet started sleeping together (properly sleeping together, not just platonically sharing a bed…) because he felt he no longer had to hide his scars from her.
In the short time that it took for Sherlock’s presence to fill the enormous room, it shriveled just as quickly.
He was surprised at the sudden jolt of pain he felt. It almost felt like being shot again. It had been years since he had spoken aloud about this to anyone. He realized that he hadn’t even talked to John about Ford…
“Another tedious intervention?” Sherlock started to ask but Violet had re-entered the lounge at a rapid clip. She had heard John’s angry voice from the kitchen.
“So, keep Mikey off your back then?” Mrs. Holmes asked as Sherlock poured warm, amber liquid from the ghastly teapot.
At least it had been bearable to talk to Greg, but not by much. They stuck to safe subjects like sports and the weather, but eventually Greg hemmed and hawed, cleared his throat and had spit out lightning fast that he was grateful John was alive, he considered John one of his closest friends and if he or Mary ever needed anything, all he had to do was ask. Then Greg had rung off before the situation got sloppy, claiming the baby was crying.
“Not the best choice of verbiage, considering our location,” Sherlock swung the door shut and locked it. Lowering his voice, he explained, “Holy Peters sent Mary the severed head of Marie Devine as a warning, not to her, as she presumptuously believes, but to
“You never did finish what you were saying up in the garage,” Violet said lightly as they made their way down to the boathouse. Her heart rate immediately accelerated when she realized where Rucastle was taking her. She hoped to hell John and Wiggins had gotten out of there.
Dupin had shrugged. “Oh yes. Descendants of Napoleon Bonaparte plus there are several pretenders as well. There are even those who claim they the rightful heirs to not only the French throne but also that of England, Scotland and Ireland.”
“You could keep talking, the sound of your voice might bore me to sleep, if not to death,” Sherlock’s mumbled words were condescending as usual. But John detected a faint hint of desperation, woven within the exhaustion and insolence.
Sherlock rose elegantly and went to retrieve the box of tissues on his computer desk. “Do stop blubbering, Violet. It doesn’t become you and it doesn’t solve any problems.”
“Maybe I don’t know every secret of your soul, but I think you and I have a bit more in common than you realize.”
“Oh, you think you’re going to share the confidential information we just shared to your boss?” Sherlock smiled at the guards. “Noelie’s parentage isn’t a secret, now is it, Dupin?”
So Molly set to updating the files and out of curiosity, started reading the report and looking at the photographs. Just as Sherlock predicted, she spotted something Bodley had missed.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, frightened by the violence, sent Ford away. He was only supposed to stay away a night or two, to calm down. But instead, Ford had dropped out of university and joined the military. He came back sporadically, but he refused to speak to his adoptive parents or to Mycroft. The only person he visited was Sherlock.
“I know,” Mary lowered the gun but did not take her finger off the trigger. “That is why you are going to stay away from him until you find out who witnessed the kidnapping of my daughter.”
As Molly tenderly put her boy back down in the pram, Mrs. Hooper collected her rubbish then binned her cup and muffin wrapper. Together they all started walking towards the exit.
TLD however, I will always love, even with it's flaws... come on... Mrs. Hudson speeding down the highway in her sports car with Sherlock handcuffed in the trunk? That's just amazing and I'll re-watch the shit out of that ep. :^)
“Look,” Lestrade snapped. “I know none of you give a shit about Donovan and I can’t say I blame you. She’s the one who fucked everything up. If she hadn’t made assumptions when Ambassador Bruhl’s girl screamed at the sight of you, then Jim Moriarty-”
“Not sure, Sherlock admitted he was holding some information back, but he didn’t have time go into details,” John admitted. “It was pretty bare bones what he disclosed. Moriarty took Maisie and Mycroft has retrieved her, but that bureaucratic cocksucker supposedly doesn’t know where my daughter is now.”
idea…his old house, I can’t even… I don’t know how to explain just how bad it was. Toward the end, right before his family ganged up on him, you couldn’t even make a path to the back bedroom. And if you think the cats are bad in here…” Honoré trailed off, then shook himself and resumed dabbing at the cut. “He rescues them, you see… at the end there were at least hundred cats, according to
that he chose to wear his bright red tie, his power tie he wears to meet clients. If you had been paying attention you would have reached the same conclusion. If you had entertained the fantasy of an open marriage or an amicable divorce, think again my dear Victor.”
“It’s my business to know other people’s business,” Sherlock protested woodenly. “That’s what detectives do and I’m good at my job.” He sighed. “I had been following you for days prior to our first meeting at Carruthers Brokerage Firm. That’s how I knew you were lying to me and John in the coffee shop when you gave us a fake home address.”
“Then correct me,” Violet examined the blade, pressing her thumb down on its edge. “Hm, it’s dull… oh well. Guess that means it’s just going to hurt that much more.’
“You are in no position to bargain, Mycroft,” Sherlock hovered over his brother. “Stories tend to get out. Mitton could give an interview on
“He could have turned the safety off in 0.2 seconds,” Sherlock ignored her frivolous question. “Stop redirecting the topic. We’re
Sherlock hung up on her. He straightened himself, squared his shoulders and locked eyes on his best friend, who now looked positively murderous.
The good humour evaporated as they came closer to the house. John unzipped his jacket, reached into his shoulder-holster and clicked the safety off his Army Browning.
“Her clothes are disgusting as well as unsanitary. Do you have anything she can borrow while we run her things through the wash?”
No longer having fun, Sherlock waded out of the sea. He grimaced as the sand clung to his wet feet. He wished he had some water, but he made do quenching his thirst with his lukewarm coffee.  As he turned around again to watch the rising sun, he thought about the lands on the other side of the Atlantic.
It was never the slide of the bow that fascinated John, but the movement of the fingers on the neck of the violin, how Sherlock knew, without looking where his fingers needed to be and how quickly to move them to the proper place. His eerie, omniscient eyes were closed as his entire body moved to the cheerful, almost joyous singing of the strings.
She checked the hallway to make sure it was clear, her heart thudding as the adrenaline kicked in again. She took a shuddery breath, trying to think what to do next.
She spent the bulk of her time at the otter exhibit. With an almost child-like sense of delight and wonder, she watched them cavorting in the water. Watching them zipping through the water, diving and twirling and showing off, she felt her worries and cares drift away, for a little bit.
“I didn’t leave her vulnerable,” Sherlock jerked his head as blood dribbled down his face, ruining another dress shirt. In a cold hiss, he added, “I left her
Once inside, Violet did not turn on the lights, but pointed towards the generic beige sofa. “Sit,” Violet ordered as she locked the door behind her, the deadbolt, the chain-lock and the regular door lock. She dropped the rucksack to the floor and then crossed over to the window to shut the blinds. “Do as I say,” she said over her shoulder as she drew the black-out curtains. “You are about to drop on your feet.”
She tried to clear the jam, but her right hand shook too much and her left hand had become utterly uncooperative.
She took as long as she wanted to in the shower, luxuriating in the boiling hot water streaming down her body without fear of interruption. After she washed, dried and straightened her hair, she decided it was time to get a haircut. It was getting too long for her to manage.
Violet slipped the napkins out of Trager’s hands, noticing he had a thick line of oil and dirt underneath his nails. She knew those stains would never come out.
Violet let it go. “I take it you have your supplies in that rucksack?” When Mary nodded, Violet added, “And that you’re not wearing… that.”
“My uncle not only set up a trust fund for Ford, but for Mycroft and me as well. At least he had the foresight to do that before my father pissed everything away. The terms of my uncle’s will were quite clear,” Sherlock’s voice was suddenly sharp and precise.
“OK,” John gracefully gave up. “I trust you.” When Sherlock didn’t respond, John gave him a little shake. “Hey now, c’mon, what is it that you always say to me? ‘Everything will be alright.’ And it will. I know it.”
The motorcycle roared to life. Soon, Sherlock, with Violet holding on for dear life, was weaving in and out of traffic, zooming towards the nearest train station that would take them to Normandy just as a winter rain started pelting down. Violet, not known for faintness of heart, ended up closing her eyes for the last twenty minutes of the harrowing journey as Sherlock manoeuvered around irate drivers and rain-slick roads while careening around curves and corners of an unfamiliar city. There was one point where Violet honestly believed Sherlock was going to lose control as he rounded a corner, but he managed to keep the motorcycle upright. The Wakan 1640 wobbled slightly, then steadied, then was off again with another burst of speed.
Guiltily, she guessed what she was doing technically was murder, if the men inside were indeed dying from their injuries and she wasn’t stopping to help them. She also knew that no matter what, Mycroft was still Sherlock’s brother and that he also had parents who loved him as well.
In an act of pure desperation, he had even forced himself to make an appointment with one of the university’s counselors. But he had a flashback about his therapy sessions with Dr. Scott and backed out of his appointment at the last possible second.
Mitton had moaned behind. “Hang in there, Mitton,” Violet beseeched him before snapping at Lisbeth, “What the hell is going on?”
“Well, put me down for front row seats,” He flashed a smile at her, pretended to doff a hat towards her and said “Good afternoon
Janine, her brunette hair up in a complicated twist, wore a slinky strapless black dress. She had her hand on her hip, “Thought that was you. Were you not going to even say hello?”
“Haven’t the faintest idea. That’s why we need to get to her bedsit.” Sherlock dabbed at his still bleeding nose. “First, I will require a tissue.”
“Damn,” he permitted himself a mild expletive.  But that was as far as he would allow himself to wallow in frustration.
“Are you calling America civilized?” Victor smiled wanly, leaning against the doorjamb again. “And are you saying you want to get married?”
He wanted his father to take his hands off his shoulders though. He could barely stand having anyone touch him these days.
He also kicked himself for not keeping Mary Watson prisoner when she and Miss Hooper had stayed in one of their safe-houses while Violet and John looked for Sherlock. Mycroft did not believe the story Sherlock spun about Mary intending him to survive that shooting, that she was performing “surgery.” Ridiculous.
Sherlock turned and his heart skipped a beat upon seeing Victor jogging to catch up to him. The sharp cold had cleared his head. Once he had escaped that hot, unpleasant night club, he managed to pull himself together. His head still hurt but the nausea was gone.
Victor looked up, at the ugly picture hanging over the hotel bed. Saw a reflection of a man in the picture frame glass… a man who was unmistakably and undeniably Mycroft Holmes.
childhood memories I already have,” he exhaled smoke out of his nostrils and mouth, the curling smoke around his bony face making him look slightly demonic.
Sherlock and Violet found John bracing himself against the boot of Mary’s car. Mary rubbed his back. The drizzle had let up but the air was damp and frigid.
“There’s a twenty-four hour café not far from here. We both need to warm up. We’ll tell the owners he’s your service dog,” Mycroft crooked out his arm, like the gentleman he had been bred to be. “You need to compose yourself before returning to Baker Street or else Sherlock will see through your deceit and ruin all our plans.”
“Please don’t do this,” Mary grabbed his shoulder, her fingers clawing the plaid fabric of his button-down in a death grip.
“Was in Cuba,” Sherlock baldly lied to his brother, but the lie didn’t really matter. Cuba was actually one of the few countries the British Government has no power or influence over. “Now, I expect you to expedite Violet’s safe passage back to England and fast-track her permanent residency status. At this time, she is not interested in citizenship but may be in the future…”
Molly looked at the square of the Fruit & Nut bar she had broken off. She wasn’t hungry anymore but she ate the piece of chocolate anyway. “Sherlock? I might as well ask since you’re here, but sometime, when you get a chance… could you please send me your family medical history? Discreetly, of course. But I want, I mean, I need to know if we need keep an eye open for anything like diabetes or asthma-”
Once in the back seat, Mycroft pressed the button so the black privacy screen dividing the front and the back of the town car rolled up. Alone, he lowered his defenses and pressed his shaking fingertips to his forehead. He realized what a close call they had and that he was getting too old for this kind of life.
Meanwhile, Sherlock tried to laugh, but faltered when he realized how fake his chuckle sounded. Somberly, he added, “Mary wouldn’t put you second place to The Work like I do. Even though the Work is meaningless now since I’m always in some sort of emotional fog… just like everyone else.” He rested his chin on his knees. “You deserve someone less ordinary, John.”
Mary’s nostrils flared as she said in disgust. “He wasn’t rude, of course, but yeah, he told her he couldn’t help her, so Clara’s going to have to move out and live among the proletariat.”
He heard the swishing sound of an aluminum bat crashing down on his rib cage again. Unconsciously, he flexed the fingers of his left hand.
Lisbeth had actually tripped when she scrambled for cover but Rat Boy had grabbed her by the back of her black leather jacket, heaving her towards the hallway that led to the backdoor.
“You bleeding coppers,” she growled as leaned back in her squeaky chair. “Don’t you have better things to do than to bother me? This is not a
Donovan’s eyes flicked down to the garish headline NOW ‘EAR THIS: NO NEW SERIAL KILLERS, SAYS MET DI.
Finally Archie and his mother departed. Violet sighed “He really has improved,” she said, in her “real voice”, as Sherlock mentally called her American accent. “He can read and write in French just fine. He can understand it if you speak slowly. His pronunciation
“Yes, yes, sorry,” John awkwardly fumbled for his keys to 221B, trying not to drop his coffee and the bag of bagels. “I know you have a busy schedule of lying on the sofa you need to get back to, so… hang on.”
“Why is Sherlock getting all the blame, he doesn’t even drink that much! It could have been John plying them both with drink all day!”
“I can walk,” Violet scrubbed the sweat and tears off her grubby face. She didn’t feel as wobbly and numb as before.
Nothing prepared her however for seeing a whey-faced John on his knees with Mrs. Toller holding a gun to his head. His upper arm dripped with the slow bleed of burst capillaries. His shirt sleeve was completely soaked through. His wrists were encircled with handcuffs.
He shook away the humiliating imagery of his rotund younger self wobbling on a bike before wiping out in the gravel driveway. He closed his eyes and massaged his temples instead.
Victor was surprised not to see icicles forming in the air as she spoke. “Try to stop him then,” he told her, but with an easy-going smile.
She soldiered on, “They love you and they’re worried about you. Otherwise they wouldn’t be here tonight. They want you to get better and you can and will. Alcoholism is a disease and you can get better. And John and Clara will be there for you, as well as your other friends and family as you go through treatment. It’s time, Harry. I believe you want to get well as much as John and Clara want you to.”
Any self-doubt Greg had carried within him about accepting Henry as his son evaporated when the nurse put him in his arms the first time. “Congratulations, Dad,” the nurse had cooed. “Fresh from God, he is.”
He yelped, tried to run, but Sherlock grabbed him by his arm then twisted it roughly behind his back. “Simon Mitchell, as it is that I am on a rather tight schedule, I would appreciate it if you would just cooperate as I turn you over to the authorities.”
“So…” Violet started to bite her lip, but stopped herself. “You think there’s a ringleader, someone who actually gets off on the actual act of murder, but he has minions to get him his victims and then to get rid of the bodies afterwards.”
In fact, she had brought that poor nurse, Jennifer Boyle as her guest to Molly Hooper’s wedding. A wedding where she would have damn well known Sherlock, John and Mary would be attending as well. Which of course, circled back to the original question:
John, home from military service, called an ambulance since he never got around to learning how to drive. Then he called his sister, half-furious, half-terrified she had fallen off the bloody wagon again.
Anthea had nodded and taken the candy. She had made herself sick by rapidly eating the entire candy bar. To this day, as an adult, she could not abide milk chocolate.
Lestrade opened his mouth to call him, but Violet clasped his upper arm. “He doesn’t want things to be awkward,” she murmured, “Since both Molly and Henry are also here.”
. He hadn’t even been born yet the first time. When that monster, that assassin had broken into their old flat last summer, he had knocked Greg out cold then had gone after her, planning to cut the baby out of her. Worse, he planned to film it then play the video to Sherlock, just to torture him, to show him what they did to The One Who Counted.
As John marched out of the hospital room, Violet handed Mary a tissue. An oppressive silence pressed down on the remaining three people until Sherlock burst out, “Twenty seconds is long enough to be considered a moment, isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Lestrade looked at his hand, noticing Sherlock’s blood on his knuckles for the first time. “It is enough.” He studied Sherlock as he carefully chose his next words. “I can’t stop you from consulting on cases because unfortunately, we need you. What’s worse, you know that we do. You actually play nice with Alex and McPherson, so I can’t even keep you away from my division.” He lifted his finger and pointed at Sherlock, “But I don’t want you near Molly. Work with a different pathologist on cases. Hear me? Stay the hell away from my wife and
Sherlock shook his head. “No, John. I lied about the 999 call so you would be less angry with her when you found out she was the shooter. She knew, I knew you’d come for me, that you’d save me. You know how to keep a man with a grievous bullet wound alive until you could get him to a hospital.”
