"My foster father tried to make me go out with his boss's daughter so he would get promoted, that girl had seen me a few times and was apparently quite eager to go out with me." William said with a roll of his eyes, "I told him I wouldn't and he made me angry enough that I told him I'd probably consider it if his boss had a son.." he said and shook his head.
"I only say no to things because I love them. You know, children actually need set boundaries." John said with a small chuckle.
"Yeah, I can imagine. Well, I can't, but , I know my dad will be thankful. Terrified at first, then angry and maybe resentful, but thankful in the end. " John said with a bit of a smile. "By the way, is Richard much like my dad?"
"Not at first glance, because you're doing a pretty good job hiding it. But underneath... yeah, you're my big softie that initiates group hugs, wants a double wedding to get everything right for Harry and likes to be held." John said with a smile. "But don't worry. Your secret is safe with me."
"Perfect." Violet chuckled, already looking forward to seeing the look on the girls' faces when they found out. "What about you though, Sherlock?" John asked him after a moment. "Wouldn't that be a great opportunity to do something with your brother instead of being alone?" John teased him a bit, but Violet smiled. "I think that's a wonderful idea. I could call him up this afternoon so he can make some time for you." She offered, wanting them to do something together for once.
"Was that pun intentional or...?" Sherlock asked and couldn't help but laugh, "I am, yeah.. I actually quite like them.. unfortunately they only last a couple of hours."
"Let's discuss that inside Mrs Hudson's flat." Sherlock said and pulled out his keys, unlocking Mrs Hudson's door, he was truly glad Mrs Hudson was a vampire as well, that way they at least had a stock of blood down here too for later. "Don't want them to hear us talking down here if the dvd lags or something."
Charlie smiled and glanced down for a moment. "Do you think I could already meet her on the weekend?" She asked. "I'm sure can." John chuckled. "Even if you don't knock on her door the next couple of days, she often comes up to our flat anyway, so it'd be hard to miss her; especially since she really wants to meet you."
Charlie thought about that. "Yeah, alright, t-paps." She said with a smirk. "Those ones are fine with me; anything's better than the strict one." John said and shook his head, which made Charlie laugh. "If you continue to say that, I might reconsider, t-dad." She teased with a smirk.
"Can you wait with that until John finished gun training?" Sherlock asked jokingly, "That'd be very useful." he added with a smirk.
"Wow, I-... Thank you." Charlie said after a moment, giving him a smile. Sherlock genuinely cared about her and she definitely soaked it all up. "Like, this means a lot to me."
"I don't know..." Rosie said and thought hard about it, before looking at Scout who looked up to her as well and Sherlock could have sworn he was wearing an equally thoughtful expression, but maybe that was just his imagination, "I don't think so.. because they wouldn't know how to use them...
"Not that I know of." Charlie said with a frown. "But no one broke into the front door. Maybe they made Rosie tell them where it is when they took her?" She thought out loud. "I'll check if someone broke into her window." With that she turned and almost ran into John who was heading downstairs. "Careful there." He told her and went to the flat's door. "See you."
"Oh look at that, I feel quite heterosexual already." William said and suppressed the urge to roll his eyes.
"Charlie's on her first period then?" Violet asked, before taking a second to imagine what else had happened at Baker Street this morning that had lead up to Sherlock's question. "They're only half as bad. Do you want a list what to do and get for her?"
Sherlock eventually reached the letter, feeling more than confused as he lifted the box and looked under it, but only found his empty lap, "I don't say this often, but... I don't get it." he said, looking back at the letter and turned it around, wondering if he had missed a clue.
John rubbed his eyes and gave him a doubtful look. "Do I have to tell you what I think of this? There's a big difference between deciding to break into somewhere and being instructed by a teacher to do so and being provided with a cover story. Let me guess, you were proud when they told you about their break-in and made sure they hadn't left any obvious traces?" He really wouldn't have expected anything else from Sherlock nor did he really condone it, but he felt like he should at least say something.
"Yeah, I guess we got lucky. Though really.. sometimes I don't think there's luck involved. We were all sort of connected 'around a few corners', my brother and I didn't have a lot of contact to the rest of my family for quite a while, when I met John it turned out that my mother is married to his uncle, my cousin married his sister and that's how we met Charlie and Rosie, my mum had been working at the orphanage for a while." he said and chuckled a little.
"Okay." Fay said and glanced back down at the empty glass and an ice-cold shiver went down her spine. [I]I assume you're bright enough to know that we can't simply let you go again ... these words suddenly rang in her ears and she sucked in a breath. So that's why they were treating her nicely; guilt. Oh, hell, please, no. "And how long is that going to be if I don't tell you anything?" She asked and lifted her chin challengingly, to hide her fear.
Rosie smiled, quite proud of her idea as she climbed onto Charlie's back, wrapping her arms around her neck and her legs around her waist, "Let's go!" she chuckled.
"Yeah it was, my personal highlight was your dancing, though." Sherlock said and smiled as the elevator dinged and he walked into it.
"Well he does have a point most of the time." Sherlock said and smiled, "It's good that we have him, you know. He keeps us in line and well and healthy." he said and smiled, "And happy." he added, his smile turning just a little dreamy.
Rosie frowned, "You were scrunching your nose when John said his fiance is a boy are you a hombo.. himo.. hom-homof..homophobe?" she asked, quite obviously very proud she got the word right on her own, "Because I've heard Charlie say that hombophobs are bad and stupid people and I think so too because it doesn't matter if you love a boy or a girl!"
"Ah, okay. We should learn that at school, because it sounds really important." Charlie said. "Do you think I could improve my emotional intelligence or is that something we can't learn?"
"Okay, paps says definitely sparkly. That could've well been a personal choice though." Charlie said with a snicker and put her phone away again. "I'd usually say to respect your father, but you're not entirely wrong." John said with a small smirk. "Okay, but that's decided then. Thanks Richard, I think we'll be off then." John said and Richard looked back, giving him a hesitant smile. "You're welcome. If you need anything again, feel free to call." "We'll definitely keep that in mind. Bye" John said with a smile and took Charlie's hand to leave again. "See you" Richard said before turning back to his work.
Sherlock shook his head, "No.. no go." he said and smiled lightly, shrugging John's jacket off along with his hand, handing him the jacket, "Go.. I'm fine." he said and took a breath as he turned and walked back towards the house, he had to force himself to do that, but he didn't want to mess this up. It was just a 10 minute run to the bakery and this wasn't his dream - last time he checked at least.
"Yeah, that's probably a good thing to do. Your mum wanted to talk to him anyway, didn't she?" John asked, looking up at Sherlock and propping himself up on his arms.
Sherlock smiled, "I'll make sure not to get near your food with my glass." he said and chuckled, entering the flat, before pulling John into his arms and kissing him again. He honestly hated that he couldn't just kiss him whenever he wanted and had to go rinse his mouth if he had drunken something. He usually didn't stick that closely to a three meals a day schedule, he just had a glass whenever he felt like it. But going along the with the schedule did seem reasonable right now.
Richard couldn't help but smile a little as David called him dad, it had been a very long time since he had been called that the last time. "I haven't met Harry yet, unfortunately, but yes, I met John. He's a great boy, really."
"I'm sure your uncle here," Sherlock said, giving Greg a look, he really was very sure it wouldn't take long after John's and his own wedding until Greg and Mycroft would follow suit (because as much as the idea of his brother having anything like a romantic relationship disturbed him, it was still clear as day that Mycroft and Greg fit together just as well as John and himself did). So he might as well title Greg as the girls uncle already. "Will gladly put in a good word for us with Dorothy too so she will agree to let you stay home tomorrow."
"Except for your father who is only reluctantly accepting this at this point and who we shouldn't provoke." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes as he leant back in to kiss John again. "Although I think Mark would high five you." he laughed.
Sherlock nodded and walked down the stairs, opening the door for Emma and David and giving them a smile, "Hi." he said and Emma smiled brightly at him, "Happy Birthday, Sherlock." she said and walked up to hug him.
Molly began to walk with them to Mrs. Hope's classroom as she spoke and frowned a little. "Oh, is she like that around you all the time? Because usually she won't play with the other children or even come up to us teachers for special attention." She told Sherlock, the red beginning to leave her cheeks again.
"Really, Jane Austen?" Janine asked with wide eyes, before chuckling at her own surprise. "I wouldn't have expected her to be your friend. But that'd be great, I mean, you've seen how packed our schedules are. Rachel and Dorothy could definitely use the help. Especially from a professor."
"No, actually.. to be honest, I have no idea what you're giving me.." Sherlock said with a frown, "Did mum help you?" he teased with a smirk.
"Awesome, that's it." Charlie said with a smile and opened the bathroom door. "Then let's go upstairs. I should still have a bow somewhere in my room."
"It's nice to see that some things apparently never change." Violet commented with a chuckle and shook her head a little. "But if that thing about the portrait is true, he had it coming I guess. You're going to meet your other brother soon too." She told Ally with a soft smile, pulling herself together because the thought of almost all of her children together made her chest ache. Amy looked up at Sherlock with a confused expression. "Does he think that bees are in his tomato juice too?"
"Glad I could be of use." John said with a smile, before stroking Sherlock's cheek with his thumb and leaning in to give him an innocent kiss on his lips.
"Really?" Ron asked and smiled, "Is that why you're barely going outside though? You read too much?" he asked with a smirk, realising that this was the first time he had seen her walking around outside, rather than just going out of the house and getting into a car, or getting out of a car and into the house.
"Hm, I might be a little biased too, I'm afraid." John said with a chuckle. "I mean they're both really nice, but I haven't had tea with Mrs. Turner yet, so I'd probably go with Mrs Hudson too." He said with a smirk and ate some of the lasagne. "But in the end I like them both."
Charlie set down their luggage with a small grunt once they were in the flat. "Mmh, well I spotted the music stand in front of your encyclopaedias. So you could tell me what instrument you play" She suggested, figuring that if it had been John's he'd have already told her about it since he said he didn't have many hobbies. Plus, he'd just moved in here, so if he'd stopped playing a while ago, it's unlikely he'd have put it up again.
"That's right. A friend of mine had a dog who had just had a litter of puppies. Thing is, he couldn't look after all of them, so I adopted one of them." Viktor said and patted Scout's head. "That was almost six years ago now."
"Well, generally speaking, you probably shouldn't start off with 'I'm a vampire' or anything drastic that. That'll only sound like you're taking the piss or need a need a holiday." John said with a bit of a smile. "I'd sit him down and start talking about it like it's a medical condition/anomaly or whatever. I mean, things like the quick blood-clotting, immune system and so forth are easy enough to proof. You could explain how your stomach can't absorb foods properly and so on. I mean, you know this from work better than anybody else anyway; Rationalising and staying calm is no guarantee for anything, but it's surely better than the alternative." John said and Scott sighed. "Yeah, I guess in the end I cant control how he'll react to, well, my reality and facts.. I mean, it's not like I'm telling him his brother's died or anything, so it'll hopefully not be that bad." He said with a wry smile.
The doctor sighed, but opened one of the medical drawers to get out a thin linen sheet. "Here, there you go." He said and put it down best to William, before leaving the room and locking the door behind himself.
Victor chuckled a little after a moment, "God, look at us, we're swooning over him like besotted schoolgirls." he said and shook his head, before turning serious again, "I wonder what it will be like for him.. meeting me, I mean.. did he tell you .. how I died? I mean.. was it in battle? Was I executed for sodomy? Was it very horrible for him? I don't want to know when or something like that, I just.. I'd like to avoid him having to witness it if it was gruesome in some way."
"Well, maybe we can play together some time. I play the violin." Sherlock said and crouched down to lift Ally up again who looked like she felt left out. "Amber can make really nice music!" Ally said as Sherlock stood up with her sitting on his other side. "She knows how to play a lot of songs!"
"Really? You're not scared off or anything?" Sherlock asked and chuckled, "I just feel.. I don't know.. I feel like I'm somewhat clingy.." he said and shrugged, "If.. if it's too much.. tell me, alright? Tell me and I'll back off a little."
"Well, I was mostly thinking things like sex on drugs or alcohol when people are unable to give consent, not telling a partner about your own STDs or STIs, sex as payment. You know, things that should be obvious, but that I want her to have heard at least  once."
"Anyone" Violet corrected. "You should apologise to anyone you've been rude to." She said and gave the both of them a look; she'd never given up on correcting them. "Sorry, Ally. Didn't mean to be rude to you." Amy said reluctantly and looked at her sister from across Lock's belly.
Charlie's hand came quickly up to her mouth to stop herself from laughing out loud. "Brilliant. I'll talk to him then." She said, before looking the door again and placing the key back on top of the painting.
Victor's told me about the missing lock in the kitchen door." John lied, because the fact that Sherlock himself had told him this morning didn't sound very convincing. "I've got a message from him he wanted me to convey."
Wow... that was even more special than she'd have thought. Lowell had just given her his mum's ancient necklace that he'd kept for centuries and now he was giving it to her? In front all of her friends... Oh, she was so going to wear this on their wedding day; she'd need to think of getting rings that matched the necklace in a few years (legally five, eight if she asked paps and probably ten if she asked dad, though dad would probably abroad at that point any- no, he'd come home for her wedding if he was still going to be deployed at that in eight years. And he was getting married at twenty one himself so kettle to that, dad). And didn't the necklace fit beautifully to the old wedding dress she'd seen upstairs in the attic the first time she'd been home. Now she'd have another reason to go up there again! Oh, this was exciting! And paps could do her hair again and Rosie would be a flower girl. Or her maid of honour or whatever (whoa, she'd be one year younger than Charlie was right now, weird. And she'd be as old as dad was right now; double-weird. But as least paps and Lowell would still be ancient so there was that constant. Oh, she and Lowell could grow /really/ ancient (like Janine-scale ancient) together... that sounded so romantic... he was so dreamy and romantic and he'd shown up and played their song and given her his mum's necklace and... she felt like she was flying as she stared at the necklace.
"The first." William said and smiled a little, "You don't sound like you've got a problem with that, no offence." he said, hoping it didn't sound like he was accusing him of the same, but his gaydar definitely did go off when he had seen him.
Charlie crouched down to let her see. "Yeah, here take a look." She said with a grin. "I'll put on everything again once we're upstairs. We've even got a surprise for you."
"Thanks, love."John smiled and returned to Sherlock's side to begin and open his shirt's buttons, already drawing him into another kiss; he'd had some practice undoing buttons and kissing at the same time, just that it usually had been blouses.
"Don't you /dare/ talk to me like that, young man!" He shouted angrily and stepped towards him. "You should be thankful I'm giving you opportunities like that. No other boy would even think twice about going out with a beautiful girl. And because /I'm/ getting something out of it too, so you're /definitely/ going."
"Mhm.. I'm just glad I'll never have to do that again." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, lifting the swab after a couple of seconds as the wound had disappeared again by this point anyway. "Right then.." he said with a sigh, "Guess it's your turn.. how should we do it? Do you want to get undressed and just relax in the whirlpool?" he asked, pulling a measuring cup out of the bag. "Because you could, technically. I'll let the blood pour into this rather than just letting it go down the drain and guessing the right amount..."
"No, it doesn't." John agreed with a sigh. "It could be worse for them, but there's still no way to whitewash it." He said. "But at least we're on our way to find out who did that to the girls back at home."
Amber smiled at that, figuring some bonding time probably couldn't hurt and he seemed to make an effort here. "Well, I couldn't say no to that, big brother." She chuckled warmly, finding it quite cute that he'd apparently asked John about her hobbies. "Amber had a concert! The whole gym was /packed/!" Amy told Sherlock, parroting the last part from her father.
Viktor nodded at that; the plan sounded sensible enough. "An explanation would be good." He said and John picked the bug up to check if there was anything else attached to it, though it didn't look like it. "Want to turn it on then?" He asked and held out the mic to Sherlock.
"Of course, Rosie. We'd love to show you." John told her with a smile. "Well, only if you want that of course." Amy leaned over to her new friend to (practically stage-)whisper. "They're living together, because they're *boyfriends* now." She giggled at the last part, finding John's relationships still kinda exciting.
"Well, you're in a different situation than Emma and me, but yes, parents worry. More than you'd probably expect." David said with a sigh. "And it seems to get only worse with age. Consider yourself lucky you are not looking after teenagers who want to discover the London nightlife..." He teased John with a knowing look, which made him feel slightly awkward since he'd been a teenager literally a year ago. "But no, 28 years into fatherhood and that hasn't stopped. Unfortunately though, 'caring for them' isn't the same as 'taking care of them' unless you've got young children, but figuring that out is not an issue you'll have to deal with any time soon." David said and John listened quietly, not having heard one of those lectures in a while. "Anyway, I'm going downstairs."
"My dad'll like that. He's one of those people who didn't join the military, but would've liked to have served his country. My grandfather did actually fight in the second one too; not on voluntary grounds though." John would be the first in a while in his family to do that.
"Actually, I've already had an idea about that." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I mean.. it'd be her first real birthday party, so we might as well go all the way." he began, smirking a little, "And before you ask, going all the way does include bee costumes for all of us."
Sherlock chuckled, "I'm sure we'll find some." he said and looked around for the racks with flower girl dresses.
Sherlock smirked, "Well.. it might help that you'll get a whole lot of vampire saliva.. in various ways." he said as he moved himself into John's lap, wrapping his arms around his neck. "That, plus your immune system should be good enough.."
"Oh... okay." John said, visibly relieved they didn't have to deal with a pet anytime soon. "And where is Viktor right now?"
Victor chuckled a little at that, "Have you.." he paused, it was very much inappropriate to talk about this, but this really was something he couldn't talk about to anyone else. "You mentioned the bite marks... have you.. has he.. I mean.. do you know what that feels like?" he asked and blushed just a little.
"What do you know about periods?" Sherlock asked, while he already opened his laptop, comparing information on various tampon brands.
"Yeah, we should get that straight away. It's even got similar fabric" Charlie chuckled, seriously impressed. "Well, every dog has its day, I guess" John joked.
"About half a glass.." Sherlock said, realising that he had no idea how much 'tomato juice' a toddler vampire would need. "Was that... enough.. or too much?" he asked with a raised brow, "We should probably talk about the right amount of tomato juice at some point if the girls are here more often.." he said and chuckled a little.
Sherlock chuckled, "So.. since the lasagna doesn't need any more attention.." he began and smirked, "I seem to remember you saying something about trying out the sofa..."
"Okay." Sherlock said and sighed a little, "If you need me I'll be right here. If you get a sore throat or anything and don't want to call, then text me or ring my phone and I'll be there in a second."
Later that day, Charlie was sitting downstairs in John's armchair (that was just hands-down the best spot in the living room) typing away on her laptop; well, googling to be exact. She hadn't been able to forget about the story Sherlock had told her about, which was why she was now looking up old mental hospitals from the area. Before long she had found the Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, which looked quite promising. They'd installed an alarm system in 1952 according to Wikipedia, so it must've been hard to escape, she thought, searching the web for some pictures... "Dad? Could you come over?" Charlie asked after staring at one photograph in particular. A few seconds later she was on her feet and walked into the kitchen, putting the laptop onto the kitchen table John was sitting at. "Is it that urgent?" John asked with a frown, but Charlie pointed at a face on a group photograph. "Isn't that the guy who did Rosie's party decoration?" John's frown deepened and looked at the picture more closely. "Where'd you get that from?" "Found it online. I'm 93% sure that's the asylum Paps was at." She said, looking at him, a little unnerved. John pulled her onto his lap with one arm after looking at the picture once more. "Sherlock? I need you to have a look at this." He called after a moment.
Violet smiled at that, glad that Sherlock accepted his new sisters that readily (she needed to remind herself again that he was a grown man and not a post-pubescent teenager). "That's impressive, darling. They'll be lucky to have a skilled mentor like yourself." She said and added. "And Paul and my schedules are really a bit tight, so we'd appreciate that a lot." She said and considered offering him money for a second, before coming to the conclusion that that would be more insulting and distancing than anything else.
Amy looked at the different kinds of noodles and relatively quickly lost interest when she saw Sherlock's glass of 'tomato juice'. She always drank that at home too, so now that it was so conveniently in front of her she quickly reached out and brought the 'special treat' to her lips to take a sip, spilling some of it in the process.
"It's very nice of you, Sherlock." Emma said and chuckled a bit, "Too bad Clara and Harry are on their honeymoon right now, it would be just the moment for a proper girl's night. But maybe you'd like that, Violet. We could include the girls too. I'm sure they'd like an evening full of playing runway models and doing each other's hair. Would Charlie and Rosie want to come as well?" she asked, looking at Sherlock and he smiled, "Oh yes. They had me playing runway show with them a few times already, so that's definitely something they'd like."
"Well yeah.. and while we're on the subject.. I'm not a stalker either." Ron said and pulled his sketchbook out again, holding it out for the other girl to look at it properly. "I just thought you'd be fun to draw." he said and frowned, shaking his fringe out of his face, "That sounds wrong too.. you're just.. pretty." he said and inwardly rolled his eyes about himself. "Aaanyway.. how about we rewind a bit and start off on a less creepy-stalker-ish note?" he asked, standing up and holding out his hand, unsure if it was to shake the girl's or to help her climb down the fence - maybe both. "I'm Ron." he said with a smile.
“I'll just let her in." John said and left the room as well as the flat to open the front door. "Hi Vanessa, Sherlock'll be glad you could make it that quickly." Sherlock's mother smiled and stepped inside the building. "Of course I've come. My sick son's asking for me, so what other choice to I have?" She said with a soft chuckle and inquired about Sherlock's health as they both went into the flat. John showed her the door to their bedroom (thank God, he'd put the lube and condoms away) and decided to give them some privacy and go back into the kitchen. Violet opened the door to the bedroom and sighed softly when she saw Sherlock lying there. "Hello, darling. How are you feeling?"
Rosie bit her lip at that. "I literally just met you two days ago. How can you make promises like that?" She really wanted to believe and trust Sherlock, but this seemed way too good to be true. Especially since she definitely wouldn't have on Sunday, she felt kinda conflicted about this.
"Yeah, there's that." John said with a chuckle and got out of the cab, lacing their fingers together and walking towards his parents' front door. After ringing the doorbell he stepped back and looked back at Sherlock, already hearing feet approach the door. "Here we go then."
"It is really good, but perhaps we should slowly start to introduce the concept of punctuation to her." Sherlock laughed, "Anyway, no. The rest.. that's actually amazing." he said with a wide smile, "I've asked Dorothy for information about your and Rosie's parents we could use to start our investigations on and then she suddenly mentioned a storehouse. Apparently they're keeping a lot of personal things of the parents of the kids here, they're also paying the graves, which explains why they've been struggling so much with the money before some anonymous person donated a rather high sum." he said and coughed a little, before chuckling. "Anyway, here's a list of things they have of your parents in that storehouse."
"You could've at least told them in advance you're bringing me along." Janine said, not looking much happier as she got into the elevator. While she was admittedly thrilled she got to meet some new vampire faces apart from those of her colleagues, the circumstances probably could've been a bit better. "Are you sure they won't mind me prancing into their flat without invitation?"
Harry smiled, nodding, "So are you." she said and hummed a chuckle, "I didn't think I'd ever say that, but I kind of regret that I didn't come." she said and Sherlock smiled, "No, don't. Perhaps it was good. I mean.. well, maybe for a while overcharging him with all four of us isn't that much of a good idea." he said as he pulled up in front of 221B. "Yeah.. I guess so." Harry said, getting out of the car along with Sherlock. "Man I'm hungry." she said and chuckled a little, "We still have some of that lasagna, if you want.." Sherlock said and Harry shook her head quickly. "No.. no I have a... erm.. smoothie in the glove compartment. That'll tide me over until my shift ends."
"Yeah, I love pizza!" Charlie grinned, going back to the door to wait there for the other two. Quickly she made a mental note to ask where exactly Mrs. Turner lived around here; she made great pizza, she recalled. "Are we ordering in too?"
Fay watched him wordlessly, determined to pay attention to where he stored keys on himself. If he ever came downstairs by himself she'd surely be able to take them from him. ...Once they were gone she'd search the room for possible weapons. "Good night, we'll see you in the morning." John said and turned around to walk with Sherlock out of the room.
"I was born in 1997." John said after some hesitation and glanced down. "I know that this sounds ridiculous. And please don't ask me how we got back here in the first place, because I have genuinely no idea." He paused. "But that's how I knew you were here. Sherlock remembered it and told me." John sighed; he wouldn't believe himself, if he was being honest.
"Me too." Victor said with a sigh, "It's just a little hard to .. think about it, but I've still got 70 years with him after all. So that's something." he said and smiled a little., unfolding the blanket he was holding. "Your little girls are quite precious, though." he said and smiled, "Rosie especially, I'm glad you've found her."
"Sure. How much stuff do you keep here anyway?" Sherlock said and looked around, there were boxes everywhere.
Sherlock laughed, "Not like that. A wound like that won't completely heal within a few seconds. So even if you pull the nail out after an hour, it'll rip open the wound again." he said and frowned, "Why wouldn't you pull it out right away though?" he asked and chuckled again, "I mean... I personally don't see any point of keeping it in your finger.. but everyone's got their own style. I'm not judging." he said teasingly.
"Well.. I like to draw.." Ron said hesitantly, looking back and forth between Sherlock and John, "And I'm playing rugby.. " he added after a moment.
"Who's the other two?" Harry asked with a frown and looked over at her wife, "Oh, she means my brother and as it happens her best friend.." Sherlock said and smirked, "Clara do you want the pleasure of telling Harry about who exactly your former best friend is?" he asked and chuckled, remembering John's reaction to that particular information.
"Yeah.. But.." Sherlock began hesitantly, not sure how to say it, but Richard cut him off, "He kicked you out, didn't he?" he asked and Sherlock frowned, "Well.. yes. How did you know?" he asked a little startled and Richard cracked a small, sad smile, "Because that's what I'd do in a situation like that."
"Actually, I gotta dash in a few minutes, but I would really like to find out more about the whole orphanage thing." Lowell said and chuckled a little, "If they could organise a more steady .. tomato juice supply for me, I could teach music to the kids, I'm not bad with a guitar and pretty decent with the piano too." he said and Sherlock chuckled, "Actually, they're always looking for more staff. So I'll put in a good word for you." he added.
"We can, or I could shoot John a text to drop by a shop and get us some stuff so we can make it ourselves." Sherlock said and smiled as Rosie hopped excitedly, "Yes! I never made pizza myself!"
"Yeah.. I told him that you were kind of scared of him before, but that you were very pleasantly surprised about his behaviour today. And well that you feel less pressure about having to catch up with his high expectations for him to keep accepting you." Sherlock said and leant over to kiss John's cheek. "I hope that was okay.. It really seems that he mainly appreciated that I was honest about all of this, so I figured being honest there can't hurt either."
"Sticking." Sherlock said and chuckled, "Maybe I should give up and see it as a badge of honour. Kids normally don't trust you enough to want to sleep on your arm rather than mummy's if they can after just an hour of knowing them." he said with a smile.
"That is /so/ cool!" Amber exclaimed with a grin, giving her stepmother another 'you seriously could've told me that earlier' look. Vanessa smiled at her apologetically; after all she'd had no idea they were still alive until recently.
"I'd hope so." John said with a sigh, before looking back down on the documents. "So those are the adoption files 20 whole years?"
John nodded. "And there's this whole blood thing. I know for a fact that the system as it is simply doesn't have enough donors. I'd choose to be an additional strain. I'd choose to forcefully take it from strangers alternatively. And what if i decide one or two or maybe even ten millennia are enough? Or I'll go insane at age 1455? You don't know that, love; you can't know that. I might become the most horrible person you could spend your time with. I might ask horrible things of you." He went silent for a while. "And I'm still undecided, I just mean there are good reasons for and against it."
Sherlock took a deep breath a nodded, wiping his face with one hand, "Soldiers today." he said with another nod, walking over to the chair that had become John's in that short time he's been here frequently, carefully setting the pillow down on it and talking another deep and long breath. "Soldiers.." he whispered again and turned back around to David, gathering every bit of strength he had left.
"I mean, we've already got the girls' dresses, so at least we've got something." John said with a wry smiled and carded a hand through Sherlock's hair. "Do we want a ceremony in church by the way? Hang on, are you even a Christian?" He asked after a moment; not that it mattered, it was just interesting how they'd apparently never talked about that before.
"I think we just know you a lot better at this point. And I really can't see how that's a bad thing." John said and pecked his cheek. "And by all means, you're still surprising and resourceful." He said, hearing footsteps hurry down the stairs.
"Yeah they're feeling better, but I thought it would be good for them to spend some extra time in bed with tea and soup." Sherlock said and poured Paul a cup of tea.
John kissed his cheek and brought a hand up to the nape of Sherlock's neck. If this was what his boyfriend needed right now, he'd give it to him.
"Right I- wow, that's weird. How have I not cut my own tongue yet?" John frowned before lifting his head again and taking Sherlock wrist. "Sure." He said, though he really wouldn't have agreed to if he hadn't known how good being bitten felt. And he was curious what it had always felt like for Sherlock. After hesitating at first, he carefully sunk his teeth into his skin and pulled them back out two seconds later.
"Oh it wasn't, but actually.. you're the better person to ask that question." Sherlock said and smiled at John, "I mean you know both sides now, how would you do it?" he asked as he grabbed three glasses from the cupboard to pour them all a glass of blood, actually kind of curious about how John would do this.
"Oh, good morning, Sherlock." Mrs. Hope said and took her glasses off to give him a smile. "Of course, I do. Please come in."
Mildly horrified (though mostly because of the suddenness of it all) John watched the scene unfold. Even though he was slightly less thrown off at the end of their exchange, he wasn't any less uncomfortable and still couldn't bring himself to say something. If he hadn't known better, he'd have thought this was him getting caught by his boyfriend's grandmother judging by the looks of everything. He'd genuinely thought he was over that one.
John hummed a bit, glad to see Sherlock wasn't as tense anymore, which was why he didn't immediately pick up the fact that someone had just opened the door. David stood there (admittedly a bit shocked) for a second, before clearing his throat.
"Yes, sure." David said and waited for his wife to go inside, before stepping inside himself. "And how are you coping with fatherhood?"
"At least she told you before we're drinking. I've nearly choked on my coffee when she told me. Can a vampire choke?" Sherlock said and chuckled, suddenly remembering something, "Oh by the way, you should really meet a friend of mine." he said and smiled, really wishing he could be the person to tell Carl about it, just because he'd really like to see his face when he would hear about it.
Sherlock smirked, "I think the cabbie will have a bigger problem with that than I would." he said and placed a hand at John's chin and turning his face around to him, before he leant in to kiss him.
"Would you rather I bought single packaged ones?" John answered with a chuckle, before going a few steps down the aisle to get the lubricant he usually (well, he hadn't done it /that/ often) bought.
"Yeah, so I've heard." John said with a smile as he let them inside. "How was school?" "It was alright" Charlie replied before following Rosie upstairs. "Have fun studying!" She called before running after her sister.
"Jim, it's all good, we've talked about this." William said and looked intently at him, "There are no vampires." he said and hoped he'd get the message that the best thing he could do now was to shut up. Promise or not, he couldn't do much for him when he freaked out like that.
"Good afternoon, Mrs Lucas." Sherlock said and gave her a polite smile. "Miss Watson, this is Mrs Lucas, the Austen's housekeeper." he said and looked back at the maid another person he didn't think he'd see again. "May we see Miss Jane Austen?" he asked.
"Ah.." Donna said and her smile turned instantly into a fake one, which made Sherlock wonder if she was aware how fake her fake smile actually looked. "Right.. what is.. er.." she began giving each of them a critical look checking out their clothes as it seems. "What kind of budget are we working with?" she asked and pointed at a selection of dresses, "We have quite a few dresses on sale." she said and if it wasn't for Charlie, he'd have turned right around and left again, honestly he really preferred the outspoken unfriendly type to the fake friendly type. "Actually, we're talking about a limitless budget." he said and Donna looked at him sceptically. "Sir, to be quite honest with you, I don't think you understand that nearly all of our dresses are designer pieces within a price range starting at 300 pounds and that's only the ones on sale." she said and Sherlock was quite proud of himself for sticking to good manners, John had better be looking right now. "When I say limitless, Miss, I mean limitless." he said and reached for his wallet, pulling out his coutt world card and Donna grew multiple levels nicer within seconds, yeah that card tended to have that effect on many people. "Right, how about we look around a bit, Charlie." Donna chirped, putting much more effort into her fake smile now.
"It's some stuff about privacy laws." Sherlock said and shrugged, "He trusts us enough, but he still has to take care of some paperwork and all since there aren't only your things over there." he said and smiled, "Well at least that's useful since he's bringing blood as well." he said with a grin.
"Yeah.. she saw him on the street.. quite embarrassing for Charlie and me that we barely even noticed him at first." Sherlock said and sighed, "I'm really proud of her."
"That either means he's a decent guy or you're a good friend." Janine said with a wink and couldn't help laugh a bit. "But you can tell him that I might well give him my number in person." She smiled, already looking forward to meeting this Carl.
"Sure, see you in a minute." John nodded and took his little cousins by their hands, frowning a little at Rosie, who almost seemed upset. "So, we'll just have to go down here and through the door at the very end over there." He explained to the toddlers as they walked to the hive.
"Okay" Jim nodded seriously and continued to walk with him towards the library. "HA! I knew I could become a vampire." He said more to himself with a chuckle. "The psychiatrists so stupid"
"Good, so what do you want to do now? Drive a bit around in the tank, or abandon it and go somewhere else?" Sherlock asked and smiled a little, "Though for the latter I'd want to change out of that dress." he said with a laugh.
John chuckled at that. "No, perhaps not. By the way, perhaps not tell Clara when you see her. Believe it or not, but she was pretty hurt when Mum and Dad wouldn't even see her after they got engaged, even more so when only Mum and I from our side of the family showed up to their wedding." John sighed. "You'll like her. She is such a kind person."
"Well.. at the very least take the card and keep it on you for emergencies.." Sherlock said and gave a small shrug, "And well.. so we don't have to go through the process of ordering a whole new one next year." he said with a smirk.
Charlie grinned brightly and walked back to 221. That had gone /really well/! She'd met a cute boy, fed a tortoise and got his photograph.. She'd/have/ to tell someone about this. A few minutes later, she was unlocking the front door and going up into the living room (was it mean that she didn t want to tell Rosie right off the bat? She just didn't want their entire family to know before their father's had even met him..) "...And I'm back"
Violet chuckled as well at that and ran her hand affectionately through her son's dark hair. "We're just relieved that Ally doesn't like actual tomato juice, otherwise we'd have a completely different problem. At least we don't have to check their teeth every time before giving Ally her sippy cup, now that they're older." She said with a smile and shook her head a little, before teasing lightly. "I wish those had already been invented when you were little, you know."
"Perfect" He chuckled at that. "That's amazing, Rosie, thank you!" John said with a wide smile, as he looked at the large drawing of them all. "That's going to get a special place at our home."
Yeah, sounds neat. It's awesome you can already read a watch" Charlie said with a smile and glanced at her own watch. "In the meantime, how about we get started on your first letter?"
"Have you already tried living off black pudding?" John asked with a laugh. "That's actually a very interesting thought."
John looked a bit taken aback by the accuracy of that statement, but caught himself quickly. There was no need to further indulge this topic. "True, I don't know how to react to that sometimes. Anyway, it was good to see you again."
"You and Lock don't get mad when I talk.. why?" Rosie asked, already smiling a little again, she felt a lot better when John and Lock were around.
"Well.. only if you're comfortable with it." Sherlock said and looked over at Charlie, figuring that since Rosie was the one who invited him she was quite alright with it.
John walked with them back to the playroom, giving Sherlock a look to tell him they really had a reason not to like Sally. Though, for now he was glad Rosie was smiling again. "So Charlie's a nice girl, yeah?"
"And if he has any doubts you've got your brother as a witness and well, us.." Sherlock said and smiled a little, handing John a glass, before giving another to Scott, "And by us, I mean round about 20 other vampires including me and a good deal of vampire kids, though only the ones above 12, they don't tell the little ones about the whole vampire thing."
"Yeah, let's do that. And I agree, but we should probably start to get used that sight." John said with a chuckle. "Do you already want to discuss a possible position as a teacher there?"
"That's fine with me" Charlie said from the table and John rose to his feet. "Same with me, I quite liked him. I'll bring Rosie to bed now, though. It really has gotten a bit late." He said, walking back into the living room.
"Molly said they're also supposed to protect the little and sick ones in our community that can't get vaccines themselves." Charlie said with a smile. "That's exactly right. They don't only protect us, but also everyone around us. If many people can't pass on illnesses we're much safer." John explained, before setting the bag down once they were at the car.
"Well.. if you need help funding..." Sherlock said and shrugged, "I'd definitely help out with it, Mycroft and I have a lot of unused money lying around and that way it'd at least do something good. How do you get all the blood for that, though.. that must be tough..." he said and frowned, "I mean.. I don't suppose you have only one source.. amounts like that would attract attention."
Viktor frowned at the girl's comments, but nodded and went into the kitchen. He'd made a promise to help them after all with any possible intruders; but he'd stay and make sure they didn't do anything to the girl either, just in case they wanted revenge after all. //They wanted to restrain her? Would they go on and torture her? Withhold blood from her to get her to talk? A panic rose in her chest and she didn't stop struggling, now trying to dig her teeth into one of the arms that was restraining her. "No! Let me go!"
Helping Charlie to sit up, Sherlock shuffled a bit on the bed so he could hold her steady in a sitting position while she was drinking, "I do wonder why you two are sick so often, though.. that seems weird." he said, thinking that it was alright to talk openly about this in front of Charlie as she did appreciate truth much more than sugar-coated words. "Maybe Paul should do a few tests.." he said and shrugged, "It can't really be serious, but it'd still be more comfortable for you two if you wouldn't catch the flu every few weeks."
"It really doesn't suit me." Sherlock said and chuckled, shaking his head, "And no.. I don't think we should ridicule vampires just before we're trying to tell them there are some which reminds me that we don't even need the garlic allergy excuse." he said and remembered that they wanted to tell them anyway.
"So why did you call me over?" Richard said as Sherlock put on the kettle, glancing suspiciously at the bags on the kitchen table, "Did you just lure me here so I'd help with whatever renovation plan you have?" he asked and Sherlock smirked, "Unless you're offering, no, you don't have to have. It's.. about David." he said and Richard stiffened, "Is he alright? Did something happen?" he asked and Sherlock shook his head, "No, no, he's fine.. more or less. We uhm.. we told him about you." he said and Richard blinked, "You.. oh. So.. he knows I'm .. alive?"
"Oh we have cinnamon and sugar." Ron said and grabbed a plate, putting one piece of that on it, before taking chocolate for himself, "You want a milkshake too?" he asked, turning around to the drinks station, "Or rather coke or something?"
All of a sudden he really wished Sherlock wasn't sitting right next to him. "No, I know I shouldn't have chickened out and just stood by. I think I was under the impression that I might never have to face this at all. And the way they reacted-" John sighed. Especially their father had been so angry... and disappointed. John looked at the back of her seat. "I'm sorry."
"Ah, alright. You can stay in the car by the way. Rosie and I can manage that short a walk." Charlie said and helped her sister out of her car seat once Sherlock had stopped the car. "Can I have keys? I'll be back in a minute."
"Hm.. yeah but when I get hurt, it heals like really quickly! I once broke my finger when I fell off a swing and it healed in three.." Rosie began, but was quickly cut off by Sherlock, "Weeks. It was completely healed in 3 weeks." he said and Rosie frowned, "No, I mean..." she began again.
"Hm, I'm sure we'll find a proper one for you." Sherlock said and smiled, "Do you want to go to a professional for your hair or do you trust me with that important task?" he asked and chuckled.
"Well done" Janine chuckled and clapped a bit, Clara joining in on that with a smile. "Alright, you're turn to spin the bottle."
Sherlock bit his lip, before giving the other a smile, "Oh really? That's so nice of you." he said and put his arm on the counter, leaning a little closer to the other man, "I need all adoption records connected to St Arthur's orphanage from the last 30 years. That should be less than it sounds like, going by my research not too many people come by to adopt kids from there."
“Hm? Oh, yeah, apparently aunt Beth talked to her about my 'rude girlfriend'. She was in a rush, so I didn't get the chance to correct her, but seriously? That woman probably wouldn't let me near Mark anymore if she had a say in it..."
John almost started to laugh out loud, but Amy had less self-restraint than him and began to giggle a little. Sally gave him and icy smile and rose to her feet. "I'm just used to not treating children differently from each other." With that she turned to Violet. "See you tonight then." Violet nodded at that. "Of course, Sally. Bye" She told her not unkindly.
John smiled back and walked with him through the kitchen into their bedroom. "Damn, I can't wait to take your clothes off." He said with a smirk.
"What's going on is that Charlie noticed Rosie wasn't around, not me." Sherlock said and frowned again, "I didn't notice. /Me/. " he said, starting to shake his head, "I can't let that happen again."
"Dad, about Richard, he really wants to meet you again. In case you want his number-" He was cut off by David's clipped voice.
"Yeah well.. could have been worse, the blood was the biggest problem, really." Sherlock said and frowned, "The more or less painful therapy methods wouldn't have bothered me so much if it wasn't for the lack of blood."
"Right.." Sherlock said and smiled, "You think they'd like practice violins though? I could teach them to play let it go." he said and thought about the melody, he had heard it often enough for a while, since it seemed to be everywhere. "That shouldn't be too difficult to figure out."
Being much to entranced with each other, neither William, nor Victor, who had the other boy flat on his back on the haystack at this point, had noticed anything around them, before the door the door opened and they both froze, their faces going white, before Victor's soldier reflexes kicked in and he grabbed William's shirt which was lying next to them, tossing it over William's face, "Rupert, run." he said and moved quickly off of William, pushing him towards the back door of the shed, before William could protest, he knew he probably would, but he couldn't let anything happen to him. He just couldn't. Mostly blinded by the shirt, William was much too startled to even grasp the situation, but the use of a false name and the tone in Victor's voice made him obey blindly as he pushed the door open and ran towards the house as fast as he possibly could.
“Well.. sounds like deep down inside he is a romantic.." Sherlock said and smiled slipping his own pants on. "Perhaps he'll be somewhat more positive about this if he notices what we feel for each other." he said with a smile, not quite believing that someone who managed to have his son turn out so well could be a complete arse hole.
John smirked and leaned into him, turning his head to kiss his cheek. "That really does sound more fun. Just what are we still doing over here, if I could be taking your clothes off right now?"
Blinking her eyes open, Rosie rubbed at her left eye, "I wasn't sleeping." she said and looked out of the car window. "Whoa is that where Aunt Clara and aunt Harry live?" she asked with wide eyes.
"I'm not sleepin'.." Rosie slurred, with her eyes half opened, while her head was still resting against Sherlock's shoulder, "No. No, we know you're not." he said and chuckled softly, holding her with both arms so he'd have a firmer grip on her on the stairs, "Can you take Rosie's suitcase too? If not, I can get it once I've brought her upstairs." he said, looking at Charlie.
"What could he have to tell?" Sherlock asked eating the rest of his donut, before taking the next one. "I mean... you think you'll get a little sibling too? Because that would be kind of fun." he chuckled.
"Right, they don't need tending to anymore now that they've healed anyway. You'll be fine in a week or two." The nurse said and took the watch William was wearing off hi swrist. "Okay, you'll have to strip now. The doctor will be with you in a minute or two, alright?"
"Sure, I'd really like to." Charlie smiled, before arriving at the bottom of the stairs. "Lead the way, then, detective."
"Nah, not really today." She said and shook her head; if she could have some time alone with her Dad's every now and then, she'd take it. And after the way he John had looked this morning, she was just glad things seemed to be alright again. John thought about it for a moment, before nodding; she was old enough and it showed that they trusted her, if they kept her updated on decisions like that.
"Uh huh!" Rosie said and nodded, "We have a beehive at the orphanage and they are all in there, cuddled up!" she said with a smile, "Lock showed me, I didn't even know that before he told me!" she said and grinned happily at Sherlock, almost beaming at him, "He's so smart!" she said and stood up once she had her slippers on, "Like really really smart, like Charlie and me, Sherlock said one day, she and I will someday be smarter than him even!"
Several hours later, John rolled off Sherlock and gave him a contented smile. It was great to just lie there and not have to worry about anyone (not even Mrs. Hudson) coming in. "You're amazing" He said and let out a sigh.
"You could say that, would you believe it if I told you this all happened after a ball and in front of a fountain." Lowell said and chuckled, "Man, I wish I had found her again."
Fay gave an annoyed sigh, because the answer to that was obvious. "I'm not attacking pedestrians so obviously I've got to get my from food somewhere. And hunger keeps you
“Oh come on.." Sherlock said and couldn't help but letting out a small chuckle as he reached for John's hand, looking at the cut, "You should be careful not to get copy right issues with Stephenie Meyer." he teased as turned the tap on and rinsed John's wound. "Although.. the fact that I didn't jump on you to have you for breakfast saves you there."
"A bit.. but machines can do a whole lot of things." Rosie said, picking the dough can up and inspecting it, tugging at a loose piece of paper and starting to pull it off, letting out a small shriek when the can suddenly burst and putting it back onto the counter. "I think I broke it.." she said with a frown, looking at the burst can. "Oh bee, you haven't, look." Sherlock said and picked up the dough, "You just opened it, that's supposed to happen when you pull at the paper, then you can just twist it open and get the dough out." he explained with a smile. "Yeah, well done. If you want to, you could roll it out too now that you've opened it." John suggested, drying his hands with a kitchen towel. "After washing your hands, I mean." He added with smile.
"Sure." William said with a shrug and started to take off his clothes, "Am I going to get my personal stuff back when I get out of here?" he asked, quite confident that he would soon get out, "And is there any chance I can call my brother? He's overseas in America at the moment, that's why I was with a foster family."
Charlie tried to imitate the way Sherlock was holding himself as best she could. She'd had no idea posture could be that hard; and this was only warm-up! Carefully she went into another plie, watching with a smile the way Rosie mimicked Sherlock. This was their third ballet lesson now and she was still as excited as she'd been the first! John was studying in the kitchen so they'd pushed the desk and couch to the sides so they had some more space. Suddenly, she heard the doorbell and stopped half-way through, still wary of anyone wanting to enter their flat. "You expecting anyone?"
"To know that I'd have to know what year it is, but since my dad didn't seem to think it weird that I'm suddenly a grown up or anything, I'd say it must be around 1791-93.. which makes Lowell.. somewhere between 12 and 14." Sherlock said and gave Charlie a little smile, "I'm really not sure if we get to see him, though." he said as he steered them past the servants rooms and kitchen to the staff entrance, his family usually wasn't in that part of the house.
"I really don't know, but it probably sells better." John said with a shrug. "And I don't think variety was that big a problem, considering that we still bought half the toyshop nevertheless." He added with a laugh.
"Can I see?" Rosie chirped as she appeared in the doorway, before forming a large "O" with her mouth as she spotted Charlie's ears, "Whoa you have earrings!" she said excitedly, standing on tiptoes to have a better view on Charlie's ears.
"Hello Angelo, nice to meet you." Charlie replied politely and shook Angelo's hand. "I've heard you make the best food around here." She said with a smile, figuring that was probably one of the things Angelo was most proud of.
When Sherlock arrived back home that day (two hours later than expected since he had been searching basically the whole town for a god-damned bee frame for Rosie's photo, having eventually found one, luckily), he smiled, spotting John in the living room, setting the little bag with the frame down on the coffee table, "Hey..." he said and flopped down next to him on the sofa.
"That was /my/ dream!" Charlie said and frowned at him, before adding. "Rosie and Mrs. Hudson weren't there yet but John was." She pointed out and looked at her Dad who was literally about to choke on his last bite of toast.
"He has." Sherlock said with a nod, chuckling along with Charlie, "I'm just saying, 'something warm in your belly'." he added with a grin, "Spoken like a true mother hen."
"Thanks, love." He said, taking the glass. 'Right, I'm the only one who's brought notes." John said with a chuckle before taking a sip. "And you didn't get bored staring at the ceiling while I was sleeping?"
"Oh come on, we have enough money to single handedly save a third world country if it wouldn't attract too much attention." Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes, "What I spent hardly made even the slightest dent on our accounts and anyway would you bloody stop checking my bills?"
"Yeah, sounds good." Charlie nodded before chuckling a bit. "If we don't tell paps, it'll look a little bit like we've replaced him with another guy from the military." She commented. "What's his name anyway, I didn't catch it."
John chuckled dryly and shook his head. "I feel like I'm the only person in the entire family who didn't know until a week ago... Well, this is gonna make telling him about Richard much easier."
"You mean the fact I joined the military?" John asked after a moment, just making sure she wasn't talking about vampirism there.
"I was, but she doesn't have to read them all in one go. I mean, if she likes them, those could be birthday presents so she can grow up with the books." John said, before admitting. "And the fact I didn't want to wait much longer to read her the first one, might've also played a role."
"Already here." Sherlock said and raised an eyebrow at the man and the sandwiches, before looking at Rosie, "Did you buy those? I didn't know you had so much of your pocket money left over." he said and Rosie looked a bit bashful, but she was still convinced she did the right thing, "Well... I didn't.. but I left all the money I had and a note on the counter that I will pay the rest of it on monday when I get my next pocket money."
“Okay, here I am." David said and walked back into the living room. "What's so- Oh you've got out the old tapes?" He asked Emma with a fond chuckle as he read the title of it. "Actually John and Sherlock wanted to talk to you and Emma." She told him sheepishly and pulled him towards one of the chairs opposite of her fathers and looked at Emma to sit down to. Though Charlie still liked teasing her dad, this was probably something they should get out of the way first.
"Hey!" Charlie laughed and ducked away under his hands. "Just to be clear, I've never set the kitchen on fire once." She said, crossing her arms in front of her chest, grinning a bit. John snorted a bit. "Yeah, I guess you're technically right." "And that's the best kind of right." She commented with a smirk.
"I should hope so." Sherlock said with an answering grin, before he turned to John and smiled at him, "Although you could make a ring out of tinfoil and I'd still say yes." he said softly.
Sherlock smiled, now letting go of John himself, "Alright then.." he said and stood up, holding out his hand for John, "Come on, lets get it over with.. the sooner we get into the shower, the sooner we're back in bed again."
"Does it like actually burn?" Charlie asked curiously and Clara nodded with a laugh. "It does if you go about ut the wrong way, I really can't recommend it. It's a nightmare to get rid of the smell." She said with a chuckle. "Anyway, you two probably want to get going soon." Clara said and winked at her little cousin.
"Yeah? Mind to show me just how much?" John smirked after pulling back again and leading Sherlock back into their bedroom.
" 'Mr. William Sherlock Scott Watson-Holmes & Mr. John Hamish Watson-Holmes and Mrs. Clara Watson & Mrs. Harriet Gabrielle Watson Request the pleasure of your company at their marriage' Is certainly too bloody long and something we definitely won't put on our wedding invitations." John said with a laugh.
“What? No, of course not. I love Emma." David replied quickly shook his head. "I just.." He cleared his throat and looked away, clearly uncomfortable. "might've had certain attractions that I shouldn't have as a married man."
"Erm alright. Well, it's still nice to go out together, even if it's just for twenty minutes or so." John commented, buckling up as well. If he was being honest, he had missed some alone time with Sherlock, outside the bedroom obviously.
"Nice." John commented with a smirk. "I usually play full-back, though, I used to play more when I was your age. So which team are you playing for?"
"That was more of a legislative thing though. Jane and I always thought you'd make a good father." Clara said with a smile and drank another sip of wine. "How is your family by the way?"
"Of course, it's not, darling." Clara said with a chuckle, before Janine tuned in. "And I get you, not all of us vamps manage to save a fortune either, doesn't mean we're not 'vampiring' right." She said with a chuckle.
"Eh.. no. I'd pay almost any price to see Mycroft suffer through it, but not that one." Sherlock said and chuckled, standing up, "You think the girls are ready?" he asked, smirking a little as he shook his dozing boyfriend, "Hey, sleeping beauty, come on, we've got a bed at home that's likely much more comfortable than mum's kitchen table." he said and smiled at his mother, "No offence, it's a really pretty table." he said and frowned, "Actually.. did you paint that? It looks like your style."
"Course." John said and stood up, noticing how difficult it was to drop the pet names. He went with Sherlock to the front door, wrapping his arm around his boyfriend's waist once the people in the living room couldn't see them anymore and opened the door for them.
"Well, as long as you remember /my/ name.." John said with a chuckle and reached for Sherlock's hand.
"But Billy wasn't one of the guys you were marrying, was he?" Sherlock asked with a chuckle, glad the medicine seemed to kick in a bit and she was at least in the mood to giggle.
"Yeah, so am I." Charlie chimed in from across the room as she put glasses onto the table. "I think we all have good reason to." John nodded and glanced over to the living room.
Sherlock chuckled, "Well, jump in then." he said and started to climb back up the tank, which was much easier without those shoes, really how did woman spend whole days in those?
"Well, that's kinda the idea of Christmas, isn't it?" John said, looking up to her with a smile, and passed her that piece of carrot. He and Sherlock hadn't exactly talked about that yet, but since they were planning to invite her over for Christmas anyway, they were obviously going to get her something.
"And after all that time we're both making our living as teachers, eh?" Greg joked with a laugh, before beginning to walk towards the house where Charlie was already waiting for them. "I haven't been here in ages." He commented and looked up at the building too.
"I think it's romantic to be honest." Charlie said and suppressed a giggle; she'd died just about four times while he'd sung. "And I really like the song; it feels kinda personal."
"Isn't she supposed to be some sort of necromancer? Guarding all sorts of boarders and crossings?" Sherlock asked with a frown, trying to remember more, he definitely had heard of her before, but never put too much thought into that matter, having grown up in a time where people generally believed into only one god. Back in his time the number of gods hadn't been an issue, rather the way people chose to believe in him.
"Okay.. good. I was a bit worried since you've been so quiet since we've met Colin." Ron said and frowned, "Probably not the best start for a date, is it? Meeting my ex.."
"Mmh, probably best leave it to her. Otherwise she'd probably have asked you to, I think." He commented and went into the kitchen. "It should probably be the last thing, but I can't help finding in really strange you two are the same age." He said, turning the electric kettle on. Someone's biological age was apparently more important to him than he'd have thought.
"No, I mean, I've already told you, but it was great to see how they changed in that short period of time. Though, truth be told I think the fact that they literally couldn't talk most of the time took away some of the edge at first." John said with a chuckle, glad when he could finally sit down again (though he really wasn't as tired anymore today).
"Want to get rid of us so you can get this party started?" Sherlock asked with a smirk, before turning to John, "But we should probably head off.. wouldn't want to be late at the cinema." he said, giving his fiance a smile.
"Well, I don't think we'd be treated like aliens.. I actually don't even know if they'd take us seriously after the wave of teenage/vampire romance novels that washed over the world." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "Everyone who claims to be a vampire would probably be just locked away somewhere."
"Hm, I think you're good at both, really. Especially after seeing how you treat Rosie." Sherlock said and gave her a smile, "And you've got good friends at the orphanage who like you."
John kissed him back passionately, running a hand through Sherlock's curls. "Hey there" He smiled after pulling back, glad they finally had a moment to themselves. "I've been looking forward to you all day, you know?"
Sherlock was quiet for a second, "Uhm.. I think we have to talk about the definition of 'not very dangerous'.. that is ridiculously dangerous. Even with super healing, I'm not even sure it'd heal if you break your neck, Charlie. I mean, beheading is one of the ways to kill a vampire and it's very likely it's because the brain is disconnected from the rest of your body, which can happen if you do break your neck as well." he said seriously, "Until we've met a vampire that survived breaking their neck, or who has experienced paraplegia and it healed completely, I'd really like if you wouldn't tempt fate there." he said and wondered if it really was such a good idea not to tell the kids what's going on until a certain age.
Sherlock smiled against John's lips, using the leg he had wrapped around him to pull John on top of himself as he rolled onto his back and brought his other leg up around John as well.
"Yeah, I am kind of hungry, it's not bad though. And I wouldn't mind a sandwich." Sherlock said and chuckled lightly, "But before that..." he said and gently lifted John's head, "Snogstop?" he asked with a smirk
"Nothing apart from mum and your parents coming over." Sherlock said and moved his arms around John in return, "Why? Got anything planned?" he asked curiously.
Sherlock smiled, "Yeah.. very true.." he said and sighed, "But I have a suggestion now, let's postpone all problems and complications until tomorrow.." he said, letting go of John's hand with a small sigh, remembering he still had to rinse his mouth.
"Erm sure. So, Sherlock pulled me aside after that to tell me he was, well, is good friends with Richard. He's even saved his life in the war by turning him. So, yeah, Richard's still alive and still in contact with Sherlock." John said and paused a moment, because said out loud it still sounded unbelievable. "He only faked his death and went into hiding, because of that. Gran knew everything, but didn't turn, nor did either of them ever tell dad. And I know all of that, because we met up with him that evening. He'd like to meet you and the rest of the close family too."
"Alright!" Rosie said and smiled as she led the girls slowly over to the door, being extra careful and looking back and forth between them every few seconds before looking straight ahead again, she really wanted to show all of them that she could take care of her new friends and make sure they were safe.
"I don't know.. I don't think she does actually. I mean, with how much she babbles sometimes, you'd think it'd have come up and I think even toddlers don't remember their time as a baby." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "But we could ask her some time if she does remember what it's like to be a baby." he said and shrugged, "If she's got bad memories about that, we'd notice." he said and smiled, "She's really lucky to have you, you know. Not everyone has that caring older siblings."
"Well that situation is a tad different." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I admit it is a huge age difference, yes, but John and I are both adults, you're 13. Now even smaller age differences still matter."
"Makes you wonder what's going wrong with those standard classes." Ron said and tried to be somewhat sneaky as he glanced towards the door Charlie had disappeared into, wondering when she'd be back, before looking back at Sherlock and John.
"Yeah, maybe let's not bring alcohol into play with this." John said, shaking his head a little. "But I'd love to see you try to get him to take some 'herbal soothers' with us." John said with a bit of a laugh.
"Well.. guess you're bringing out the best in me." Sherlock said and chuckled a little, leaning back into John's arms, "And I may or may not have asked my mum for ideas.. she didn't suggest this particular venue, but the idea to take you somewhere special and have a little picnic was from her." he admitted.
John genuinely wished Sherlock had just forgotten about it, since he'd hoped he'd be able to put that talk off for a while. But since he wasn't going to lie to Sherlock... "I'll definitely introduce you to my friends sometime, but tomorrow's going to be a family event. My mum's celebrating her 45th; so it's nothing big, but harry is not going to turn up again and at least one of us should be there... If you'd still like to I'll take you." John added, guessing a fight with his family that soon was still preferable to Sherlock feeling rejected.
"So thanks a lot for helping us with that." John said with a smile; this was probably the best birthday present he'd got today. "Hold on, not so quickly." Scott began "Carl wants Janine's mobile number in turn, isn't that right?" Scott chuckled and winked at his brother.
"Okay!" Rosie said and waited for John to lift her up while she watched the lights, "It's really pretty! Christmas is my favourite time of the year, because everything sparkles and shines!" she said and Sherlock smiled to himself in the kitchen, she was talking loud enough for him to overhear.
Charlie did as she was told and turned a bit. "Yeah, that's the one." She said while John snapped another pic, managing to capture her expression.
"Yeah, course I do. Pleased to meet you, Lowell." Charlie said and held a hand out, giving him a polite smile, while her heart skipped a beat. ('Well behaved young lady' had basically become her default mode over time, since it had proven to work best around adults.) Jesus, that bloke was hotter than Lucas even... Without her permission, her mind began to fantasise about him taking her out on a picnic to the white horses in the park... Damn, was she drooling? Good, he hadn't shaken her hand yet, so not that much time could've possibly passed. Oh. He was going to shake her hand. She didn't really feel prepared for that. 'Oh my god...'
"I know something more romantic.. but that's not interruption by children safe." Sherlock said as he sat down on the sofa, toeing off his shoes just so he would make less noise when they'd walk downstairs.
"Sounds fair, but why not at night?" Charlie asked, looking back up at Sherlock and sliding it into her back pocket; she might get some string to attach it to something so she wouldn't lose it.
"Hm.. we could take a shower.." Sherlock said and smirked at John, "Sounds quite good to me, actually. A hot shower, getting comfortably dressed and snuggling up in bed with tea and a film?" he asked with a smile shuffling closer to John again, not really minding the state they were in. He was more concerned with staying close to John.
John shook his head at that, slightly embarrassed it had been that noticeable. "Yeah, I'm a little peckish, if you were able to tell." John said with a chuckle, though he really wanted to get back already and finally have something to eat.
Sherlock smiled against John's lips, unzipping his hoodie and throwing it aside, before he reluctantly broke the kiss, only to pull his t-shirt over his head, already leaning down to kiss him again as he sent his shirt flying as well.
"Well.. if you see it like that, I suppose in a way, the universe decided we'd meet you and Rosie a while ago either, given that my mother is working in the orphanage, just like my neighbour does." Sherlock said with a smile. "And I'm actually rather grateful for both of those decisions."
Sherlock smiled getting the heaviest bags out of the car and slinging them over his shoulder, before getting their suitcases as well, "By the way, we did bring both of you souvenirs, if you can guess what we brought whom, you can stay up an hour later on a day of your choice." he said and smirked.
Victor frowned at that, tilting his head a little to look at the stranger more closely. Yeah, he could definitely see that Sherlock would think that man handsome.. "So.. he.. you and him.." he mumbled and his frown deepened while his face fell a little. "I mean... we haven't.. talked about.. other people.. and I suppose I've got no claim on his affections, no legal one by engagement or marriage anyway.." he murmured, mostly talking to himself as he tried to understand the situation. William.. had another man? It seemed unlikely. Very much so. But this man knew even about specific attributes of Williams naked body. He just didn't understand it.
"You can tell them about the other thing too." Sherlock said and leant over to peck John's lips, "But thanks for trying to preserve my dignity." he chuckled.
"Not the only thing we'd break if we didn't keep them." Sherlock said, moving behind John to wrap his arms around him and rest his head on his shoulder, "I'm glad she didn't get to read Victor's letter, though."
"And about the food issue, you're still growing, I've met a few vampire kids now and all of them have been getting regular meals, by that I mean actual food, once we took Charlie and Rosie in, we only had blood meals because we didn't know any better, but they've been getting sick more often and had bad skin, they were very often feeling tired and getting headaches.. since they're getting vegetables and fruit and water.. they're feeling better again and on your skin, I can see the same thing Charlie had.. dry spots, probably itching sometimes as well, right? I just want to see if it'll make you feel better, that's all. After all if you come out of this knowing how to help your friends to feel better as well.. that's a good thing, right? So it can't hurt.."
Charlie smiled a bit, visibly relieved and happy, before remembering something. "So you're not mad at me for anything and there's nothing on my tally anymore?" She asked him just to double-check. Or well, she hoped that in case he actually had forgotten about that promise thing, he wouldn't be able to bring that up anymore, if he said yes now.
"Thank you, Sher. It looks delicious." John said, giving him a short smile, before looking back at Rosie to continue their conversation. "Mm, like I said, we'd love to have you over again. By the way, do you say grace before dinner back at the orphanage?" He asked, just to make sure she didn't miss out on an important ritual or anything.
"I guess some sort of ageing isn't avoidable.. even if it's just mentally.. your views on the world.." Sherlock said and smiled, "Oh there's Mycroft, he had this ridiculous moustache back then, he even put product into it and twirled the tips." he said and laughed, "Such a clod." he said and giggled.
Harry chuckled, leaning over to kiss Clara, before pulling back and just to get it over with, downed the ketchup shot, grimacing as she swallowed, which made Sherlock chuckle a little.
Sherlock chuckled, "Yeah, don't worry, she's home. It's Ron, though. You know the guy who regularly offers Mrs Hudson to help her carry the groceries?" he asked with a smile, "He's okay. Background check turned out well either when I had the whole neighbourhood checked by Mycroft so.. he's alright as in just a normal boy who's interested in our daughter and not affiliated with any criminal circles."
"Good, we could use some more assistants in our detective agency." She said and went to the door. "Can you tell me when he's here next time? I'd like to talk to him."
"She's good friends with our landlady Mrs Hudson. I'm sure you'll meet her soon too." John said with a smile, before eating some of the lasagne.
John's chuckle turned into a slight frown when he heard that Sherlock had served, since the chemistry student seemed very keen on making sure John wouldn't. "You served during both World Wars? Jesus." He asked, finding that new piece of information about Sherlock more interesting than the screwed up relationship to his parents
"Not happening." Sherlock said and shook his head, "Besides the fact that we don't want to risk that you attack her, you tried to kidnap her and beat up her boyfriend, do you really think she wants to talk to you?"
"Yes well that would be me." Sherlock said and chuckled softly, "I hope it's alright he brought me, John was a little hesitant, but I insisted. I'm a bit old school on that matter, it's really important to me to meet my partner's family." he said and cleared his throat, "Oh, and John told me you like violets. Very good taste, I might add. They're my favourites too." he said and held out the flowers for John's mother to take them.
"Probably a good idea." John chuckled and leaned into into his boyfriend, before leaning down and enveloping his boyfriend's lips with his own and humming into the kiss.
"Hi, I'm Sherlock Holmes and this is John Watson, we've got an appointment with Mrs Hope." he said with a smile, liking this girl way better than Rachel. "We're actually going to work here soo..." he cut off as Rosie rushed past the woman and out the door, "Lock! John!" she exclaimed and hugged Sherlock's leg, "You're back! I already drew a picture for you! Do you want to see it?" she asked excitedly, looking up at Sherlock, who chuckled as he lifted her up and sat her down on the side of his hip, mostly to make sure she wouldn't run out on the street. "Of course we'd like to, but John and I have to talk to Mrs Hope first, okay?" he asked and Rosie smiled, nodding, "Okay."
Clara nodded at that. "I just love it on you, Harry." John wrapped an arm around his middle and chuckled, glad to be back near him in that moment. "Yeah, I'll have to give this one to Harry." He said, before asking after a moment. "What is it with you and those expressions by the way? What does 'La' even mean?"
"He's actually the head of the British government.. so I'm not sure how to answer that." Sherlock said with a chuckle, sitting down next to his mother and leaning a bit into her, "He's still pretty much like he used to be, cock sure, strait-laced and the Pinkest of the Pinks." he said and chuckled.
"Oh. I see... Concerning in what way exactly?" She asked, since she could imagine a number of different ones with her brother-in-law.
Sally stared at him quite indignantly and thrust the craft supplies into John's hand. "Unbelievable.." She huffed angrily and turned on her heels to go back into the teacher's room. This had to be some sort of bloody joke. Rachel wouldn't believe this..
"Dad just said that the weirdest thing he's found in the flat was a bowl of eyeballs. What did you need those for?" She asked and sat down next to him, pulling her feet up.
"Oh no, I did.. a little." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "For the first three days, I had like one swig a day from a guy that wanted to be a vampire real bad... it was why he was there. So he let me drink and in return he wanted me to turn him when we're out of there. He got too excited about it, though and one day, he told one of the nurses that I'm a vampire and that he's going to be one too."
John smiled at that and watched Sherlock light the fireplace. It was really cosier in here than he would've thought. "Come here then love, I'm starting to get impatient." John said with a chuckle, actually wanting Sherlock to come and sit with him again.
Sherlock's head shot up from the book he had grabbed from Mrs Hudson's collection when he heard the door, looking at John for confirmation that he hadn't just imagined the sound while at the same time listening hard for other noises from the corridor, "You hear that?" he mouthed, standing up from his chair as he also heard footsteps from the outside the flat.
"Well, I suppose I could make a quick lasagne.. I could brag now how it's a centuries old Italy I learned from Italian masters.. but truth is.. I convinced Angelo from the Italian restaurant around the corner to give it to me a couple of years ago." Sherlock said and chuckled lightly, "And yeah.. I did.. quite successful, actually."
"That's true. It still hasn't ceased to amaze me that I can video-chat with you from almost anywhere on the globe or even have an easy time finding you." Janine said with a chuckle. "Though, I must say, I'm wary of the recent development in terms of records and surveillance. The attitudes have changed so much over the last few decades.
"No, it'll only turn yellow in here." Charlie shook her head and carefully took out Rosie's photo for her. "But you have to swear that you'll guard it like gold. You can't lose it or spill juice on it or rip it. It's the only picture you'll ever have of them, alright?"
"I love you too." Sherlock said and turned back to the counter as John walked out the door, starting to make some much needed coffee, before he poured himself a glass of blood.
John lowered himself down on the bed, propping himself up on an his forearm, and pulled Sherlock gently with him as well. To give his boyfriend better access he instinctively put his head in his neck and put one hand back into the other's curls.
"You've completely worked this out, haven't you?" John chuckled, though he felt a small peng of guilt at not having thought of the girls there. Though, he didn't allow it to last long, now on their date. "This is perfect, Sher." He chuckled.
"You pathetic little bastard! How /dare/ you?!" He yelled and punched him again, when suddenly two of his other sons appeared. "You called for us?" The sixteen-year old asked; he was quite bulky, but had a terrified look on his face, thinking he was the next one to get a bloody nose. "Yes, secure him until the police officers arrive. Do it!" He shouted and his sons quickly went up to William and did as they were told. "And don't hold him too gently, that faggot might get off on it." He grumbled and the boys shot William immediately a very uncomfortable look, before glancing down.
"I definitely won't." John assured and kissed him back, bringing one hand up into his curls and letting the other travel down his side. Without thinking much about it, he rolled them both carefully onto the side, so that he had an easier time leaning into Sherlock.
"By the way, if you want to learn to play an instrument.. I mean I could teach you to play the violin, or if you like that better, you could also learn to play the guitar." Sherlock offered and shrugged a little.
"Oi.." Sherlock said and gave John a smile, "He was being a cock.. or lets say an annoying cock.. being a cock is generally the way he is." he said and rolled his eyes, "Anyway we're getting sidetracked, I wish we could just lure that girl into a sort of trap.. I would love to talk to her."
John ran a hand through his hair at that and couldn't help chuckling too. "It's really not half as bad as that might sound, but it makes for interesting double tags in terms of family relations. Vanessa for example married my uncle." He explained, which made Dorothy chuckle. "Yes, I can imagine how that might sound. Anyway, I'm certainly glad for all of you to have found each other."
Sherlock chuckled, "I'm serious, I told him that we've talked about it and that I just think it's fair to give him time to get used to the idea instead of springing it as a surprise on him. He appreciated that. I mean.. he wasn't exactly happy about the whole thing, but he didn't shoot me, so I suppose that's as much of a blessing we can expect from him at this point."
Janine had to laugh a bit at that. "It does get less weird over the decades but the feeling never really goes away, even if you're saying it's just 'tomato juice'." She said and sat down on heir couch. "And they're all lovely so that helps. And what do you do for a living?" She asked with a smile.
"Hm..." Rosie hummed once more, "I need another hint." she stated, poking her plush sting against the back of the front seats, "Or two hints, because it's my birthday." she said with a smile.
"I'll go with water; I might want to cut back on my alcohol intake a little." John said with a chuckle, before taking his plate. "Thank you, love."
"Really? Rosie is brilliant. And I thought she was just rude in general." Charlie shook her head and huffed a laugh. "I'm more than flattered she chose me." She smiled, genuinely more than happy about all this. "Though I do wonder what other conversations she's been listening in on. She's a legit spy, I'm telling you."
"As sure as I can be." John said and looked back at him. "You know, Victor actually asked me how I could regret deciding to stay with the man I love and my daughters.. And that's what I've been thinking about, why I've been so absent the whole morning. And really, I couldn't. And I certainty don't want to end up like my gran and regret it when it's too late."
"Yes, I'm still sure." John said with a nod and let out a sigh. He was nervous, but sure. "I don't think there's much of a point in putting it off now. Let's best get on with it."
Sherlock smiled, "While I really don't think your parents would know why exactly we're late, I still think we shouldn't be late." he chuckled, signing the card, before handing John the pen. "We have to drop by at a flower store on the way there, too. So we should probably get going.." he said and smiled.
"Yes, there is, right down the hallway on the left." Ted said and pointed towards it. "You can borrow one book at a time and bring it back to your room." He said, beginning to walk towards said room. "You really needed that shower by the way. Your bruises only look half as bad now."
Janine sighed. "God, I was an adult and part of a group. I don't even want to think about all of the turned children throughout history.. Could you imagine one of our children out on the street? I mean, children are resilient, but having to feed on other people somehow.." She shook her head.
"Thank you!" Rosie said with a smile, before turning back to Sherlock, "Papa this is Viktor! And his dog's name is Scout! Viktor says it's because ever since he was a puppy he was really good at scouting for food!" she said with a snicker and Sherlock smiled, really he couldn't even be mad at his girl for something like this, "Well you still should have told us what you were doing." he said as he crouched down next to her, giving Viktor a smile, scanning him, "Ex military?" he asked after a moment.
Sherlock chuckled, glad he was holding the cup with her. "Well.. they couldn't fool me." he said with a smirk, "Not so sure about John..." he added with a grin, walking over to John and pecking his lips, "Ooooooh!" Ally chirped and snickered.
Rosie smiled and mirrored Charlie's position, turning a page just when she did, except that she couldn't read what her file said. "Is that your file?" Rosie asked after a moment, leaning over to look at the file Charlie was holding.
"Mmh, that must've been hard growing up." Charlie nodded after listening to the first chapter of Sherlock's memoirs. "Do you think you blame anyone for that?" She asked, sitting down on a chair, figuring they were talking about Sherlock's feelings now. "Which would be completely understandable by the way."
Charlie smiled happily into Sherlock's shirt at that. Good thing she'd paid attention to that. "Nah, I like that. Nice to think we were wanted after all."
Sherlock chuckled, "No, I didn't, actually.. I really think it's important that your parents like me.. if I wouldn't think so, I probably wouldn't have told my parents about Victor and me back then. Not that it would have stopped me if they wouldn't have been fine with it, but I didn't want to draw conclusions and lose my family because I thought I could know how they'd react.. the thing is, you never do."
"Come on, then." Charlie said and walked with Ron back to 221B; even with Mr. Chatterjee and Mrs. Hudson around, she didn't like the fact Rosie was all by herself. Meanwhile John cursed as she got lost in the crowd, eventually giving up and walking back home.
"David.." Sherlock said and gave him a proper smile now, "Thank you.." he said and cleared his throat, "I guess we should be going back downstairs as well." he said, looking at John.
John covered Sherlock's hand with his own. "I'm very glad they were like that, especially your dad I mean. I wish mine were a bit more progressive in that respect. Well, I guess I'll find out, if their opinions have changed over the past few years quite soon now." John looked Sherlock in the eye. "You don't have to come the first time of course. It might be better if you didn't."
The blood loss, if small, paired with the anaesthetic had its effect on Jim. Feeling dizzy, he opened his eyes and blinked a bit disoriented.
"But one isolated mortal is manageable, right?" Charlie chuckled and looked cheekily back at John. "Right, I'm completely outnumbered now, even in the flat, aren't I?" He laughed a bit. "I do hope you'll show a bit of mercy." He joked. "Hm, I'm not sure, will we?" Charlie asked Sherlock with a chuckle.
"And yet, you don't even consider asking.. I don't know.. me what I want.. just a thought.. since you know, it's not just your future you're giving up!" Sherlock hissed and ran a hand through his hair, standing up, "You're being very heavy handed with my future there, John. I feel like I should get some say in the matter. Did you think I want that? That I'd gladly replace you with Victor? I want to bloody marry you, John Watson. I want to build a life with you, how could you even for a second think I'd want this. That I'd rather have Victor back than having all of this with you?"
"Thanks." John said and took a sip. "Oh, and does that mean you don't like the bee tattoo on Rosie's calf?" He said sheepishly, smirking into his glass.
"By the way, seeing as so many in our families (and almost everyone that's getting married) are vampires, we could ask for instance Mrs. Hudson to maybe bake a 'red velvet' cake." He said with a chuckle; though that would mean he wasn't going to kiss his soon-to-be fiancé after he'd eaten cake.
"They may or may not exist.. not my place to judge." William said and shrugged a little, "After all many people believe in god as well without having proof, so I wouldn't say everyone who believes in vampires is insane, but it is critical if you're obsessed with things like that and on your quest to prove you're right hurt yourself or others and can't live a normal life."
Sherlock chuckled, "Well, obviously I could tell you what she was like and all.." he said and grinned cheekily, "/Or/ you could just... ask her yourself."
"You're fine. It's still enough time. I still have to do your hair anyway." Sherlock said and smiled at his daughter.
"I very much hope she doesn't need any other protection talk for now than protection of that network that's threatening her safety." Sherlock said and frowned, really not liking the idea that she could technically do... what he didn't want to think about her doing and get a baby. Nope, not happening.
"Actually it's very much a possibility he'll start to regularly work here.. since he's decided to join the V club." Sherlock said with a chuckle, having shoved everything that had just happened into the panic room in his mind palace, so he could function normally.
Sherlock nodded, looking closer at the photo, "Well yes, that's Jim.." he said and frowned, "What do you mean he's the guy that did Rosie's decoration? He can't be.. I mean, he could be still alive but he'd be in his 80's now.." he said and looked back and forth between Charlie and John, "Are you sure it's him you talked to? I mean.. maybe he just looked similar?"
Sherlock gave a little smile, walking a little closer to his mother, while he shifted Ally to sit on his side so he could lift Amy up too, carefully lifting her out of his mother's arms, still a little surprised how quickly one learnt to hold two toddlers at the same time. "John is at home, it's just mummy, me and Mycroft today, sweeties," Sherlock said and Ally looked at Amy, "See I told you John isn't coming!" she said and smiled, happy that she was right.
"If you want to unstab it to play, that's fine with me." Sherlock called from the kitchen and chuckled, "Otherwise it's wall decoration from now on." he added, putting a pot with water on the stove for the spaghetti.
"Most of it sounds reasonable.. although.. the what’s okay and what's not.. that's not really our place to tell her, is it? Consent is definitely important, but it's up to her and .. well whoever she ends up doing it with what's okay and what not as long as everything that happens is consensual." Sherlock said, reaching for his glass and taking another sip.
"You bet I have." John teased with a chuckle, before giving Charlie a quick hug and turning to head for the shed. "Be careful." He told them, before leaving the two to themselves.
Rosie smiled happily, glad that David liked the bee, "Can we have dinner now? I'm so hungry!" she said and Sherlock smiled, "Of course, bee, David you want to eat with us?" he asked and wondered if he should find a way to let him know discreetly that Rosie and Charlie were vampires too. Probably that'd be better. "Rosie, how about you go downstairs already? I'll just help David putting the ladder away."
"I can only return the compliment, love." John said with a drowsy smile. "I'd have nothing against waking up every morning like this." He traced a finger lazily up Sherlock's arm., before it struck him. Right; they had somewhere to be today. The med student sighed at that a little, before looking at Sherlock again. "Four you say? You must be hungry by now."
"Jesus, Jim, leave him alone!" William shouted and gathering all the strength he had left together, he pulled Jim away from the man on the ground and yanking him backwards with him through the gap he had slipped into the group of people, "What's gotten into you?" he asked quietly, holding his arms tightly.
John laughed out loud and covered his eyes with one hand. "Smashing. It's almost surprising your mum hasn't seen us in bed yet." He commented, though it was quite a strange thing to say, considering they were living in their own flat.
"Yeah, I suppose you're right." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "Do you want to keep going to school at the orphanage, though? I mean.. you could technically go to a normal school if you want, well, by normal I mean a private school for highly gifted kids. You'd be around kids that are more like you, you're surrounded by vampires, mostly anyway, so you could learn what you have to learn about vampires from us. I mean, you don't have to change schools, I just wanted you to know you have that option if you stay here for good."
"Hold on a second, how long for?" John asked, because that did seem quite important to him. He seriously couldn't be bothered with the brain right now.
"Boyfriend?" Victor asked with a frown, having never heard that term before. "You mean.. like... a husband? But not a husband?" he asked, wanting to make sure he wasn't misunderstanding the man.
"Well, they're certainly smart enough to be your sisters." He said with a chuckle and tucked the older sibling in. "Honestly, I love Amber, but next to those two, we both look like idiots." He commented with a shake of head. "Anyway, you've never told me you're that good with kids."
"Well there have been condoms, but Victor was a virgin before me and so was I, so we didn't need to worry about syphilis or anything and it's not like the quality was very well anyway, but what do you expect from linen or animal bladders and intestines.." he said with a shrug, "I don't imagine they were very comfortable either, still better than leather or horn, though.. but since we also didn't have to worry about birth control that was just not a subject we bothered with."
Sherlock smiled, taking the dress, before he walked over to the counter, handing Donna his credit card, "Uhm, sir, about those earrings, if her birthday's anytime soon, you might want to get studs matching the dress right as her first ones, since she'll have to leave them in for a while before it's all healed. Wouldn't want her to be disappointed when the jeweller tells her that after she's got other ones in her ears already." she said and Sherlock reluctantly smiled at her. It actually was a nice advice, he had to admit that. "Thanks. We'll make sure she gets the right ones." he said and took his credit card back, before taking the shopping bags.
"Course, love." John replied smoothly, having well understood the underlying meaning of that. "Okay Rosie, now I'll carry the tree over there and you'll have the important task of telling me how to move it so it's straight, alright?"
Nodding, Rosie slipped so far under the blanket that only her eyes and her bee's head peeked out, "Can I have cocoa though?" she asked and blinked up at John with tired eyes.
"Goodbye, Sherlock." He said with a nod, before John gave Sherlock meaningful look, before turning to his mother and hugging her. "Bye, mum. I hope you've enjoyed your birthday." He said and kissed her cheek.
"Oh, hi" Charlie smiled and sat up, feeling quite proud her dads were already trusting them enough to be alone in her room. "Sure, come in. Mi casa es tu casa."
"Yeah, we are eventually. And as soon as I find some stuff I need for that I'm going to announce it properly." John said with a chuckle, the last part being directed at Ally. And he still refused to feel bad for not having proposed to Sherlock yet; he had been saving money for little over a week at this point. Amy grinned at that. "Will John be our brother or our cousin?"
Charlie grinned at that; she couldn't wait for them to finally be there and celebrate with her. Once they'd arrive this birthday would be just like her last one just a lot larger flashier (that and together with John and Sherlock). "I'll just catch them at the door then" Charlie said and began to walk to the front door again.
John chuckled at that and pulled back to look up at his boyfriend's face . "Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking there." He returned with a smirk. Taking Sherlock's hand, he walked a few steps towards the bathroom. "I still want to go to bed early so lets not waste time out here."
Lowell smiled again, "I'm sure she is." he said and looked at his watch, "So erm, I don't want to rush you or anything, Sher, but can I get that tomato juice now, I've actually got a gig tonight, I'm playing some of my songs in a bar." he said and Sherlock chuckled a little, "Sure, and.. let us know when you're playing somewhere underaged people are allowed in? I'm sure the girls would like to go out a little and boast about knowing the guy on stage." he said, giving Charlie a wink as he turned to get the blood bags from the fridge. "Sure thing, I can always use some people in the audience that start cheering so the others applaud too, normally I pay some people for that before the show." Lowell joked.
"I've never done that before to be honest." Charlie said, though that was probably no surprise. "Is a sketch enough, or do you mean an actual sewing pattern?" She asked, already liking that idea a lot.
Charlie gaped at the present (something she'd learned from lingering in boutiques; the smaller the box, the more precious the actual gift, since you didn't need a bow to make it more interesting. Or alternatively he'd got just her a pair of nail clippers and didn't care about presentation, which she doubted). Opening it carefully, she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw that necklace. It almost looked like one of Jane's from back then. "Wow... thank you. Who did that belong to?"
John chuckled at that. "I know. But since I've now got a good substitute for the lasagne..." He leaned forwards (and yeah, got on his tiptoes a little) to draw Sherlock into a proper kiss this time. Bringing a hand up to Sherlock's hair, John smiled a little against his lips.
"Not entirely unexpected.." Sherlock said and held up his phone for David to see John's message. "He was worried you'd end up murdering me and probably knowing there was a gun in reach didn't help with that." he said with a laugh, "To be honest though when John told me you have a gun in that room, I was a tiny bit nervous myself."
"Told you, you won't ever need to eat those unless you really feel like having some." Sherlock said and smiled, pecking John's cheek, before he set the plates down.
"In that case I want you to call an ambulance too, just for the record." John said, before turning his head to look up at him. "And thank you for making sure I've got a choice until then. Seriously, you're great." He said and kissed his cheek before sighing. "I'm still as sure and ready as I can be. But about the blood loss, I'll make sure I'll eat and drink properly, but I might very well pass out. Happened to me once while donating blood in summer.. Happens to the best of us, I guess. But that was less than half a litre. Are you sure you could or wanted to handle that on your own?"
Rosie thought for a moment, blushing a little, "Because... you're cool! Like you're really smart and funny and pretty and I want to be like you when I grow up.." she said and glanced up at Charlie, "I always wanted to be your friend, but I didn't think you'd want to be mine because no one wants to.. but Sherlock and John said that's because people don't understand that I'm smarter than kids my age and you're smarter than others too, so I thought maybe you'd want to be my friend after all.”
"Mmh" She hummed understandingly, knowing that fear herself. "How did he react when you first told him you're a vampire?" She asked after a moment.
"Oh yeah." Donna said and cleared her throat, "Your.. erm.." she looked with a disapproving frown at Sherlock before looking back at Charlie and putting the smile back on her face, "You.. father.. is right.. it's better you feel somewhat comfortable in your shoes, so no matter how lovely a shoe is, if it's already uncomfortable wearing it for the first time.. it's not gonna get better, just try another one."
"Yeah, we will." John replied with a nod and a bit of a smile, before kissing his cheek and walking with him to the street to hail a cab. At least the fact that he was trying to make Sherlock feel a bit better about the situation made him feel a bit more sanguine as well.
Sherlock smiled at John and gave a small shrug, not really wanting to admit, but yeah, he did like her, she had an impressive memory for a ... four year old he guessed and apparently enough curiousness to use that memory. "Did you know that bees make wax?`You can make candles out of that." Daphne explained as she led the two men outside. "Hm.. yeah, I know. Maybe I we can do that in class too some time." he said and smiled at the little one.
"Okay, I'll go then." Charlie nodded. "Being in here all the time would only drive me mad anyway." She said and looked down. "I've got the flu too then. I'll ask Mike if he can send me his notes and I'm sure Jim at work can-" Charlie looked up at him suddenly. "Who?" "Oh, no, sweetheart. He's a colleague; completely different lad, I can assure you."
"Morning, love." John said with a smile and set the tray down on the empty side of the bed to lean down to kiss him. "Happy Valentine's day. I thought I'd fix us something before the girls are up."
"Yeah, but nothing I'd be willing to tell you, curious." John said with a chuckle and relaxed a bit into Sherlock. "Just wanted to make sure you're not out and about while your surprise is waiting." He said with a smirk.
"Mmh, your papa is right there." John said and held the thermometer into her ear. "You'll only hear a small beep." He said and frowned when he saw the temperature appear ten seconds later. "39.5°C" He commented and gave Sherlock a look. "It's normal for children your age to get a fever like that. It might already be gone by tomorrow evening. Is there a flu going around in the orphanage?" He asked and took her pulse, before looking over at Sherlock this time.
"Why do I have a bee on my nose?" Sherlock asked, still thinking about that for some reason, "Because it likes you!" Rosie said and giggled, holding the picture out for John to take it. "Well, I'm glad it does." he said with a chuckle.
"Hm if you've got some names they maybe used more often, like I do for instance with my three first names, I tend to use them in turns." Sherlock said and chuckled, "If you've got some data and maybe even a good enough memory for some sort of composite sketch, Mycroft has a lot of contacts and I'm sure we could get some history students to help find specific people for a few pounds too." he said and shrugged, "It'd be a nice challenge, if you would like to find them that is."
Rosie smiled, "Oh! Yeah, it's in my room! Wait here!" she said and let go of John's and Sherlock's hands, dashing off towards the staircase, "Hey, Rosie! Not so fast, it's dangerous to run up the stairs, we're not going anywhere, okay?" he said and Rosie stopped and looked back at Sherlock, "Okay, sorry, Lock!" she said before she started to move again, walking much slower now.
"Oh yeah, his courses start next year." Sherlock said and chuckled as well, "Plus, he's made it known in the orphanage that he'll keep an hour free every Friday afternoon for people who would need help with an alternate identity." he said and smirked. "So that .. whatever it is, is at least good for something.. and I suppose there could be worse potential brothers in law."
"It's... well it's a pirate one." Sherlock said and chuckled, pulling his phone out of his pocket, googling the film and showing John the original film poster, which was drawn, but it nearly seemed like a photo. "It's a pirate film. Not quite pirates of the Caribbean, but it wasn't bad." he said and chuckled again.
"Vitamin, mineral and possibly protein deficiency." Paul began in a serious tone. "I'm glad you've started off like this, because I was just about to ask you. If I didn't know their background I'd say they're malnourished and haven't been getting food regularly over the past few months." He said and sighed. "How much are you giving them compared to what they had back in the orphanage?"
Sherlock smiled, "No, she won't.. but we all have a bit of a biting instinct.. it usually isn't something that goes out of control, but I don't know how it is with kids." he said and shrugged, "But if she starts doing that we can easily just make her understands that it hurts other people." he said and shrugged.
"Miss Watson is in town for a few days with her older brother and her younger sister." Jane said and smiled a little, "Mr Trevor, is there something you might want to ask Miss Watson?" she asked after a few seconds of silence between them, while the two younger people just stared at each other, "Oh, yes. Of course. Yes." Lowell said somewhat sheepishly and cleared his throat, "May I have the next dance, Miss Watson?" he asked and Jane couldn't help but chuckle a little to herself.
"No it's fine." Rosie said and shrugged, "It hurt, but only for a moment, my throat aches the whole time, so it's better if it hurts for a moment if that means my throat will feel better soon." she rasped decidedly and gave Paul a smile.
"100 percent sure, the way he reacted when I told him about all of this, there's no way he knew any of this." Sherlock said with a laugh, "But yeah, he does seem older than he is.." he said and chuckled again, "Actually most of the time I actually do feel like I'm the younger one in this relationship."
David turned off the light and went over to put the ladder under the lamp and climbed up, before beginning to loosen the screws on it to get the plastic casing off with the pocket screwdriver in his jacket (that actually came in handy more often than one might think). After taking it off, he tightened the light bulb a little. "Do you have problems with your freezer or other electric devices?" He asked.
John shook his head and sat up as well. "It's fine. I was going to pop over to Corner's anyway, remember? So, croissants?"
"Is it that late already?" Janine asked with a chuckle. "Time flies.. No, I wouldn't want to push Clara's hospitality, so I think I'll join you. Do you think we could we share that cab?" She asked him with a smile.
"No, I'm not.. wait, give me your number and I'll send you theirs." Sherlock said and handed Clara his phone. "This deuced secrecy about it, I can't believe we've missed out on two centuries, believing our family is completely wiped out, eh wot? I mean.. must have been worse for you, I guess.. you had nobody.. I at least had Jane and Mycroft.."
"It'll be child's play for you. You're talented." Sherlock said and remembered the birthday thing from before, "I could come with you, you know.." he said suddenly, and cleared his throat, "I mean.. to that birthday.. I'd like to meet your friends."
"Only two or three." Sherlock said and smirked at his fiancé, "Maybe four.." he added with and grinned.
"Maybe later. I don't wanna be hung over on top of all of.. this." He said and gestured down himself, since he was still in pain. Closing his eyes, he downed the glass quickly, almost able to forget it was, what it was..
John kissed him back deeply, before pulling back again after a few seconds. "I've missed you, love." He whispered into his ear. Meanwhile Charlie had buckled up and looked out of the other cab window with a smile to give them some privacy.
"Yeah, I do. And I don't really know what my friends are going to say, but I think it's the right decision for me right now." She said with a nod. "I'm really not taking this lightly, but if this IT guy can just keep waltzing into my life and school and you two were just able to take us in in under four days... I just don't think the orphanage is the best place for me anymore."
When Charlie suddenly heard a completely new song, a grin crept onto her face... Even if Lowell couldn't be here, at least he'd- hang on, was that-? No. But- It couldn't possibly be- OH! Getting into a tizzy, Charlie just stared at the stage when she caught sight of Lowell. He'd come, written a song for her and lied to her to surprise her? This was the /best/ birthday /ever/! Completely out of it, she couldn't even...
"Debrah, can we have the second shoes to the ones Charlie picked?" Sherlock asked and smiled sweetly at her, before turning back to Charlie, "You need to check if you can actually walk on both shoes."
"Great, see you in a few minutes then, love." John said with a smile, before turning back to Rosie. "But you'll have to help me find everything, alright? Otherwise I'll probably still be looking for it when the flowers are blossoming again."
"Hm, true. Well, she'll have to start using mouth wash for one thing and timing her blood intake. Yeah, that's going to be difficult for her. I think you managed.. an hour? Roughly?"
"Concerned might be the better word." Janine said and rolled her eyes at him teasingly. "But it's no either way."
"No, I like it here. I like us." Charlie said and began to calm down again. "Sorry. I just had no idea there was something like a 'bad' kind of attention.. the good one far outweighs the bad one though. It's just hard to be held accountable for every little thing or have no actual secrets here anymore. It's just hard to accept that. I mean, I couldn't even hide my period from you even though I asked you to leave my laundry alone. Or the fact you're allowing me to 'sneak' downstairs at night as long as it's before 3am... You know, I do pick up on these things too."
Sherlock laughed while Carl rolled his eyes, "You know, women actually prefer it if you actually ask them for their number and don't just have your friend show you a photo and give you their number." he said and Sherlock chuckled, "Well, since you're working with the police.. you could give the kids some traffic safety training.. maybe you want to start with the little ones." he said, making Carl smile, "That's better than making deals over her number like we're on a market."
"Everything that means more time with you is alright with me." Sherlock said and smiled at John, for a moment just getting lost in the moment before a honk from behind the car sounded, probably to let him know it was green already. "You guys are like a bloody Disney movie.. no wonder not even dad could resist that." Harry mumbled and chuckled a little, slowly recovering a little.
"Okay." Rosie said and gave a little shrug, hugging her book tightly so she wouldn't drop it on the way as she walked out of the room, "Bye Ron!" she chirped as she headed for the stairs. "Bye Rosie!" he called after her with a laugh. "Man your sister is adorable." he said, turning to Charlie.
"Oh yeah, very intolerant to leave your wife just because her grandfather and her brother in law are vampires." Sherlock chuckled and shook his head, "And actually vampire is politically incorrect, anyway, its person with a blood diet disorder these days." Sherlock said with a laugh.
John immediately wrapped his arms around Rosie and Sherlock, effectively sandwiching her in-between them. "Thank god you're alright." He whispered and kissed the top of her head. "We were worried sick." Charlie went on her tip-toes and squeezed herself in between Sherlock and John so as to form a triangle around Rosie. "Hey Speedy" She said with a grin and closed her eyes, crying a bit on Rosie's blanket.
Sherlock smiled as he nipped at his glass, before it hit him. Oh no. No, not the dream. Not again. Why was he dreaming the exact same thing again? This time though, he knew. He knew it was a dream and he wasn't going to make it that easy for it this time as he without bothering to put on more than his pyjama pants and morning gown rushed after John, the glass still in hand as he caught up with him on the street, "Stop no. Dont do that. Don't go to Corners. Just.. don't." he said and felt a bit foolish, but also kind of gleeful that he had beaten the nightmare.
"Is he going to be alright, seeing me?" Victor asked, looking at John, "I mean, for your William, I'm dead. Have been dead for a long time. Can you keep an eye on him? Make sure he'll be fine?"
"Well, I can't play though. Does anyone know why?" Sherlock asked and Rosie thought for a moment, trying to puzzle it out. "Oh! Because you have to pay attention to the street! Because it's dangerous to drive if you don't watch out! That's why you aren't allowed to talk on the phone when you drive either."
"Hm.. I like pineapple and boiled ham! It's called Hawaii! Did you know that it's also an island?" Rosie chirped as she started to wash her hands, while Sherlock cleared away the empty cans.
Charlie perked up a bit at that. "Oh, you and John didn't?" She asked with a frown and looked up. "And is Rosie still lying in your bed?" She added, figuring, she must've come downstairs because of a nightmare or something if Sherlock put it like that.
Grabbing the two blood bags and an extra one, along with two glasses and the equipment he needed Sherlock followed John into the bathroom, pushing his own nervousness out of the way as much as he possibly could. "Do you want a pillow or.. a blanket, you might feel rather cold from the blood loss."
"Actually, I'm not sure if I would recognise his voice. It's really been too long and I didn't know that well, or long for that matter." Sherlock said and shook his head, "Better I meet him in person, then I could see his reaction too."
"Sure, love. That's a good idea." John said with a nod and began to walk with him downstairs. "And yeah, let's save that conversation for another time." He replied.
Sherlock sighed when Charlie was out of sight, "This is so strange." he said and looked back to the spot where Charlie's laptop with the photo stood just moments before, before looking back to John, "Did he seem.. I don't know.. fishy to you? What exactly did he say about vampires anyway?"
Violet smiled a little at that and nodded. "And he took you to a family event quite early on from an objective point of view." She commented. "Why do you think did he do hat?"
Sherlock smiled, "They're adorable.." he murmured, waiting for John lift up Amy, before he lifted up Ally, "They look an awful lot like my sister, you know.." he said and smiled as he carried the little one over to the makeshift bed, laying her down.
"Oh, right." Sherlock said and smiled, "Yeah, that was kind of the point." he said and put the bag between Rosie and himself, "John is right, there are enough kinder eggs for the whole orphanage and some more, for our bees. So before I leave, you and me will visit every child here and give each of them one kinder egg." he said, some might call it bribery, but if it would make the kids ease up a bit on how they treated Rosie, he figured it was worth it.
"Yeah, you do. I don't think my two minutes of styling time are going to make that big a difference for me either to be honest." John said with defeated smile, before pulling Sherlock into another kiss.
"Perhaps at the time.." Richard said and gave a small shrug, "Shortly after she started to feel the Alzheimer's effects, she told me she regretted it, though." he said with a sigh, closing his eyes for a moment before he opened them again, "She said that if she could change one decision it would have been that." he said sadly and shook his head, "It was too late though. There was no guarantee that turning would reverse that kind of disease and even though she did ask me to turn her, I knew she wouldn't want to live like that forever. It was one of her biggest fears about it after all, having her mind tampered with…"
John chuckled a little, before sitting up as well. "Yeah, I figured that much. And I could really do with something to wake me up." He remarked, before stretching with a quiet groan.
John took her hand again and began to walk with the both of them up into the playroom. "By the way, haven't you said something about a picture I could hang up at work?" He asked, partly to cheer her up a little more and partly because he really did want to bring it home now that she'd made it. "/And/ bring home, obviously." He added and shot Sherlock a smirk.
"Yeah, I'm good." Carl said and laughed as well, "It's just so amazing to think how much history you've seen.." he said and nipped at his drink again, "Well it sure was interesting to see technology and society develop over time."
David didn't look too happy and sighed; he'd held on to the hope of this only being a phase. "I appreciate the warning then. At least your man enough not to keep things from me because you're scared." He said eventually.
"He told me Mycroft brought him Roses.." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes, "In his defence, it was Mycroft's very first attempt to be romantic..."
"Yeah, it's really, really pretty." Charlie chuckled and gave Rosie a smile. "I wouldn't be surprised if some bees actually mistook you for a yellow flower when you're wearing it." She told her, being cut off by the sound of the door opening. "Hello everyone." John said and stepped inside shrugging his throat off. "Hey, that's a nice dress you've got there, Rosie." He smiled and walked into the living room, slowly taking in the sheer amount of things Sherlock had apparently just got for the girls. "Hey, love." He said and kissed Sherlock's cheek.
"Well it's a way to make them actually feel like they properly belong to us without making them forget where they come from as the B is a constant reminder. And us taking on the B as well does connect us even more." Sherlock said and Harry smiled, "That's a nice idea. Should we adopt we should think about that too, it's good that you help them to remember their origins." she said while Sherlock shuffled a little underneath Janine, he didn't want to say it, but she was getting heavy on his lap.
Vanessa and John followed them to the door keeping an eye on them smiling at how seriously she seemed to take making sure the twins were safe. Violet came up behind them and rang the doorbell, having seen the chemistry between Sally and her son.
"Charlie is sick." Sherlock said, sounding just a little panicky, he knew that there really wasn't an illness that could permanently harm her, but still he really didn't want her to be in pain. "When she came downstairs this morning she had her pyjama in a plastic bag and was wearing a fresh one because she's been sick tonight, her face was glowing red, she was sweating and she didn't say so, but obviously her stomach was aching."
"And so am I of course." John told Charlie with a smile. Charlie looked down for a moment. She didn't even know what to say to something like that. "Yeah, looking at it that, that's actually pretty great, I guess." She said and bit back a big smile.
"Trust me, learning the names of all of the bones in the human body, only to regurgitate them in an exam a few weeks later, isn't fun nor particularly practical." John said with a wry smile, though he really quite liked this Ron. "But I don't want to turn you off medicine, it is all worth it in the end. But yeah, I absolutely agree, it's shocking how few people will give first aid. I've been an EMT for almost three years now and I've never seen any bystanders already getting started on CPR." He said and shook his head a bit.
"Yeah, that's actually possible. Good thinking there." Viktor, the actual dog-owner, said with a nod. "But I think Scout here would just be annoyed by the plastic we'd have put in his drink and sip around it." He said with a chuckle.
Sherlock smiled, "No go ahead, I've got this." he said and pecked John's cheek again, "It was actually lucky I brought cookies, it's the way to every child's heart." he said and chuckled as he stored them away.
"What flavour?" Ron asked, really enjoying the impressed expression on Charlie's face. "We can mix them too you know, if you want chocolate and strawberry for instance." he said and took one of the 'double cups' as his dad called them, they were plastic ups with a little wall inside so one could have two flavours in the same cup and the lid had two separate straws as well.
"You're welcome." Mycroft said and rolled his eyes, which made Greg chuckle. "You two are heart-warming, really."
"Well.. we had olive oil." Sherlock said and gave a shrug, "But that was hard to get your hands on, so it was mostly saliva or fats and oils.." he said and sighed, "But nothing even close to that quality." he said and smiled, giving another laugh as he noticed something. "Speaking of condoms, though, we should probably take those off..." he said and glanced down at their bodies
"I'll just be in the kitchen, sweetheart." John said, still finding it unbelievable that Sherlock had actually gone out and got them a dog (though he had to admit that Rosie and Scout looked adorable.. but that justified nothing in the long run) He didn't care if he was s rescue dog, he could've at /least/ sent a text. And he'd thought they'd talked about communication... "Okay, explain." He said, looking at Sherlock as if he was daring him to tell him there was also a pony in the cellar.
"Sure, let's go back inside." John said with a smile and held his hand out for her to take it. He then glanced quickly at his watch; he had about another thirty minutes until he'd have to leave for work.
"Thank you." Charlie said with a smile, wondering at the back of her mind if she'd just got really lucky with him or if he was in on it... then again, Sherlock hadn't objected so there was that. "And I don't have much of a choice but to leave most of the security questions to my dads. After today, I also think they have some new going-out rules in the making."
John hummed in agreement. "Good thing Vanessa explained that to us in great detail. Speaking of which, have you two been in contact in the meantime?"
"Guess so." Sherlock said and shrugged, "It's not that much of a big deal, really." he said and frowned, "Should we get a car?" he asked suddenly as he sat down next to John, "An own one, I mean.. If we'll take Rosie on trips and have to pick up Amy and Ally.. it might be useful."
"Yeah, they are," Rosie said and smiled happily, visibly proud to be able to teach something to the younger kids, "They are all sisters! But only the bee queen gets babies! And when the boys made babies with the queen they die!" she explained, letting it sound really dramatic and Ally looked at her with wide eyes, "She makes the bee boys dead?" she asked and Rosie shook her head, "No.. they just die because they're only there to make babies.. but there is a spider that kills the boys after making babies and then she eats the boys and-" Rosie was cut off by Sherlock, "Rosie, you know what I was just thinking," he began mostly to change the subject because Ally looked mildly terrified, "I know how to extract honey out of a bee hive, we could start making our own honey if Mrs Hope is alright with that.." he said and Rosie gaped, "Really? Cool!"
Sherlock smiled, "I know.." he said and pecked John's lips again, before he gave another yawn, letting his eyes fall shut as he cuddled even closer up to John.
Sherlock chuckled, "Yeah, I know, I know." he said and rolled his eyes, "Still feels like an awfully long time to wait." he smirked.
"Okay, now I think I get this appreciation thing you were talking about earlier on." Charlie said after a moment; she'd have to figure out to read Mycroft better in the future.
"Mmh... I think I'll manage." John said with a smile and sat down with his legs on the sofa, tugging gently at Sherlock's arm so that he lay against John's chest.
"I love you." John said, knowing this had not been the answer Sherlock had hoped to hear. But he couldn't lie to him about things like that. Rubbing Sherlock's back with his thumb a little, he kept himself from letting out a sigh.
"Is that so?" Mycroft asked, obviously having memorised that mobile phone number. But it was not like he was seriously interested, merely curious. "And what is he like if you get to know him a bit?" He inquired after clearing his throat.
"I'll take that risk." Sherlock said and smiled at John as the screen went black, shutting the laptop and putting it back into his suitcase, before leaning over to John again.
Sherlock lifted his arms obligingly, "You know, normally it's way more pleasant when you undress me." he said and sighed, resting his head against John's chest.
They quickly decorated the rest of the tree, before Sherlock lifted Rosie up to put the star on top, "A little higher, Lock!" she chuckled, reaching her arm out towards the tree. "Alright." Sherlock said with a smile and lifted her just a little higher.
"I don't think two years matter so much if you're well beyond the 200's." Sherlock chuckled and shook his head, "Anyway.. maybe you can help us, though.. we have to let David in on the whole vampire thing. Not only is his daughter one, but.. well.. I served with his father in the second world war and eventually turned him to save him.. and we want to reunite them, but John thinks it's gonna be harder than convincing him it's the truth.. which.. was pretty hard." he said and shrugged.
"Relax," Sherlock said and chuckled a little, "I'm the fun parent, remember, I'm not encouraging you to curse, but I'm also not freaking out over it." he said and smiled a little. "Just... don't make a habit out of it."
"Well not intentionally..." Sherlock said and chuckled, "It's in the google search history." he said as he stood up with the laptop, walking over to the kitchen, "You're okay here.. I told you I can help if you need me to." he said and raised a brow at the pile of notes.
Charlie took the two stuffed animals and smiled a few seconds later, remembering that those were the girls' favourite animals. "Thanks." She said and held them close, feeling miserable enough to have earned the right to cuddle with them. Meanwhile John continued to stroke her hair gently. "How was it?" John asked Sherlock after a moment in a hushed voice.
"Might have something to do with me acting like a lunatic and running after you to stop you from going to the bakery.." Sherlock murmured and coughed again, lifting his head to look up at John. "Can you go and grab some liquid medics? As I told you before, for them to have any effect I need to mix them with blood, which is just more simple if it's liquid."
Charlie listened quietly to him and nodded, the smile slipping off her face again. "I'm sorry you got worried because of me. I didn't even think of that.." Charlie said feeling bad about that part. "I'll listen to you from now on."
"You mean like an early honeymoon?" Sherlock asked and leant a bit more into John, "Because I'd really be up for that." he chuckled.
John smirked at that and took Sherlock's hand. "Paps, can I make milkshakes for us? I bet, they'd go well with cake." Charlie asked, before turning to Rosie before he could reply. "Wanna help me? I'd even let you in on my secret recipe." She offered with a smirk.
"Yeah she does." Sherlock said with a chuckle, "She'd be reading fluently by now if the people at the orphanage would pay a little more attention to the individual development of the kids."
Sherlock snorted a laugh, "I'd say that's the childproof version of the 'weirdest thing he ever found'." he said and smiled at her, "But erm.. did he specify that? I mean.. species-wise.. what kind of eyeballs.." he asked, because actually that could have been various bowls of eyeballs from various living creatures.
David looked at him and could see in Sherlock's eyes that he hadn't exaggerated how much John meant to him. He laid a hand firmly on his shoulder and spoke clearly, though he was obviously hurting. "Listen, son. We all loved John, because he was a commendable young man in every way. We are all grieving our son, partner, cousin and whatever else he was to people. But, despite all of the pain his loss has caused us, we need to stand tall and be soldiers today. John deserves a proper farewell."
"Uh huh." Rosie said and nodded, "But if you really want to learn to walk on them, I'll help." she said and took Charlie's hands, "You can hold onto me until you can walk on your own. That's how Janine teaches the babies to walk!"
"Yeah..." Sherlock said and chuckled, shuffling a little under John's body that pressed against him, "I can feel that." he smirked, moving to roll them over and rolling on top of John without warning, "Then I probably better not let you wait much longer..."
Charlie smiled a bit into Sherlock's shirt and left a small wet spot on it. After a while, pulled back and let go of him to rub her eyes. "Okay, on to the pesto." She said and looked up to give him a smile.
"Oh, I play the violin." Sherlock said as he laid Rosie down on the sofa, putting a cushion under her head and covering her with a blanket, since she had dozed off again on the way up the stairs. "I could play a bit tonight if you like, probably not a good idea to do it now." he said quietly as he tucked the little blond into the blanket.
"Especially if you consider that we had to get dressed before." Sherlock murmured quietly enough for only John to hear, before he leant over to kiss his cheek.
Charlie bit back a laugh of her own. "Yeah, that makes sense. And would they be able to use straws?" She asked her little sister as if seriously pondering that question.
"I wanna see it!" Rosie called right after the camera flashed and Sherlock chuckled, "We can print it for you, so you can take it home, how does that sound?" he asked as he walked with Rosie over to the camera to look at the photo.
"Well... we could technically do that." Sherlock said and laughed, "We could also hire someone to do our dishes." he said and smirked as he looked around for a cab, "Although we'll probably have to pay them a bonus to do /those/ dishes."
"Yes, well as I said, we'll decorate the location like a bee hive, we'll have a honey fountain, everyone will be wearing full body bee costumes, she'll be thrilled." Sherlock said and chuckled along with Emma, "Costumes?" she asked and smiled, "That sounds like a sweet idea, so all the kids will be dressed like little bees?" she asked and Sherlock smirked a little, "Almost right.." he said and cleared his throat, "We'll all be dressed like little bees and Rosie will be the bee queen."
"It's not awful, but I agree that it does make me feel like I'm younger than him sometimes. I really don't feel like there's that big age gap between us most of the time." Sherlock said and cleared his throat, "You'll know what I mean soon enough, did they already tell you that you'll stop ageing once you're about 18-20 years old?" he asked, figuring that even if they hadn't told her about that yet, she could deal with that.
"Just watching the internet become popular and spread was fascinating but didn't you get to follow the invention of electricity?' Scott asked with a chuckle and took a sip.
"Oh." Charlie swallowed, mildly horrified by that story... She'd almost forgot about the blood. Another reason she planned to be careful the next time she decided to mess with the police. There were a ton of things she wanted to ask him now. "What eventually happens if we don't get blood in a long time?" She eventually asked. "We die, don't we?"
"Yeah.." William said and cleared his throat, "So..they told me you want to become a vampire?" he asked, letting his voice sound perfectly casual, very much like vampires were a normal thing to talk about.
Sherlock waited until he saw the door fall shut behind Ron and Charlie, before he walked into the direction he had seen John go, sighing in relief once he finally spotted him, he had admittedly been a little worried about him, although logic told him he could easily take on a teenage girl. "No luck?" he asked unnecessarily, John's expression already told him that he didn't find her.
"Alrighty. And John, is that reversed psychology? Pretending you actually want us over, so we decide not to come? Because.. it doesn't work." Harry laughed, starting the car, "Well.. it's actually more for me.. I'd kind of like to spend time with some part of his family that doesn't hate me." he said and smirked at John.
"Is the thing about not going near other patients for my protection or theirs?" William asked a little worried he might get stabbed at night, there were all sorts of people in places like this. And it wouldn't be so good if he was stabbed and the wound would heal while they were treating it.
"A coffee would be great, thank you." Paul called, before finishing Rosie up and helping her back into her cocoon of blankets. A few minutes later he was done and went on to take their blood pressures and temperatures. "You can come back with that coffee now, Sherlock." Meanwhile Charlie had begun to shiver again and wrapped those blankets tightly around herself.
"Right, yes, Violet's mentioned her son might drop by." She said, and held a hand out to him as well. "Nice to meet you. We love your mother around here."
"I was just with nana Hudson, why are you all so sad?" Rosie asked and looked dumbfounded, which made Sherlock chuckle, "We're not sad, honeybee, we're happy to see you." he said and huffed another laugh as Rosie smiled, "I'm happy to see you too!" she stated and scrunched up her nose a little, "But I'm hungry! Can I have some tomato juice?" she asked and Sherlock glanced at the soldiers, he could hardly give a four year old a wine bottle, let alone one filled with blood while they were watching. Glancing at Victor, he gave him a look he hoped he would understand and smiled when he seemed to do. "Right then, thank you very much, you lot." Victor said to his friends and walked over to them, "But perhaps we should give them all some privacy, yes?" he asked and ushered the soldiers out of the shed, "I'll be back soon. I'll just go and grab some more blankets." he said as he closed the door behind himself and the other soldiers. "Erm.. do we have a cup here?" he asked, before he noticed something else, "Hang on, what are you doing here anyway?" he asked, looking over at Mrs Hudson, "Are you.. do you.. this might sound weird, do you actually know us?" he asked hesitantly, not knowing if this was modern Mrs Hudson, or her regency version as well.
Sherlock raised a brow at John, "You do actually realise I don't have a headache though, right?" he asked and chuckled a little, "That was just an excuse."
"Hm, doesn't mean I can't cook for them." Sherlock said and chuckled as he stirred the tomato sauce, before he poured some of it into a separate pot. "And it's also easy for me to get some blood that way. I'll just say I'm allergic to something in the sauce, so I've made my own small portion of sauce without that ingredient. It's also red, which means I can put more blood into it than into something else without worrying about a suspicious colour." he said and chuckled as he grabbed a bottle of blood from the fridge with a frown, "You think I need to hide the blood bottles? Will they look into the fridge?"
"Oh, no I genuinely like her." John said and gave him a smile, wondering if he actually came off as that nice. "I think being 'civil' would be the right word for the people I don't like. What did you tell her?"
"Well... I might be lacking qualification there." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I've erm.. met my baby sisters once and I met Rosie.. that's about it." he said and cleared his throat. "But well, I guess you need to get to work with children to get experience on working with children."
John chuckled. "Fine that sounds reasonable. And about the vows and the speech. Since I guess having me proof-read them is a little too unconventional even for us, you can ask Harry and Clara for a few tips. Theirs were really great."
Sherlock gave Charlie a little smile, "I would like that myself though." he admitted with a smirk, wasn't a secret that he did like dogs. He was still thinking about getting an own one. "However, let's hurry a little, looks like it's going to rain soon." he said, looking at the clouds outside through the large windows of the shop.
"Accurate description of how I fee.." Sherlock paused, realising that his voice was barely a whisper and a raspy one at that. Groaning he flopped back onto the bed, his hand going to his forehead as his head wasn't too happy about the sudden movement.
"Yeah? That is really huge." John said with a smile, sounding impressed, and took her hand. "I don't think they've got animals quite that big though, but they've got sea lions, you know."
"Find a person online who will do it for us in real life.." Sherlock said with a chuckle, leaning up to peck John's lips.
"Maybe they know that being with someone smarter than them isn't a bad thing, I don't know." Sherlock said and shrugged lightly, "Wish more people would know that, then Rosie and you wouldn't be struggling like that in school."
"Of course I won't" Naturally this really was nudging him towards a certain decision. "I've told you that my whole family turning wouldn't change my mind. I'm just that selfish. You don't have to worry about me, okay?" John said with a sigh, hoping this would come off as comforting rather than egotistical.
Clara smiled as she remembered the dark pony. "Yeah, Bluebell was beautiful... And so was Violet. And after that she really was my very favourite aunt." She said with a chuckle. "I haven't ridden in too long." She said with a shake of head.
"Tuna for me." Sherlock said and smiled at John, leaning over to peck his cheek, "For me as well!" Emma added and Sherlock smiled at her, "Did you ever actually have to call the fire brigade?" he asked with a small laugh and Emma grinned, "Just twice." she said and smirked, "Not that he would admit it."
"Earl grey." She said after a moment, figuring the caffeine would help her stay awake. Meanwhile John put her belongings onto the coffe table, before taking the pocket knife to free her right hand.
John pulled Sherlock closer towards himself, his hand resting on Sherlock's sternum. Shuffling a bit, his head came to rest just behind his fiancé's "Love you."
"Yes, I think they've got a petting zoo. So you'll get to pet sheep and goats there if you want." John told her and Amy joined in. "What about the tigers??" She asked excitedly and John fought hard to bite back a laugh. "I'm afraid, the tigers aren't in the petting area. They're so big and wild that that would be a bit too dangerous, sweetheart. But you can watch them from afar." Amy pouted at that. "But what about the baby tigers?"
Charlie and John nodded and were about to go downstairs. "Dad, put on a shirt first. No one's going to help you find her looking like that." Charlie said, before dashing downstairs herself. "Right" John said and went back into their room to put some clothes on. Having arrived at the front door, Charlie didn't even really know what to look for. Nothing seemed damaged, but maybe someone had done something to the lock? She lifted their doormat try their spare key on it... Wait, what? Did Mrs. Hudson take it? With a frown, she hurried back into the flat. "Paps, why is the emergency key missing?"
Sherlock sighed, "Well... I think we should tell the girls and Mrs Hudson first. And well then Clara and Harry and your parents. Do you want to skype with the girls now? I set it up for Charlie on her laptop before we left."
"Good girl" John said with a smile, before he pecked Sherlock's lips and walked out of the kitchen to fetch his own coat. Meanwhile Charlie put the leash into Scout's collar. "Thanks, Viktor." "No problem at all" With a smile she walked him out of the room. "Bye"
"I like that!" Rosie called and took a wooden horse, hanging it onto the tree. "Can we do that this Christmas already?" she asked and Sherlock chuckled, taking some ornaments and starting to help decorating as well, "Of course we can, I'm sure Mrs Hope wouldn't mind that."
David raised an eyebrow at that and opened the bedroom door, before looking at Sherlock. "No, right here would be much too obvious." He dead-panned to ease the tension a little, because John's flat mate did seem disproportionately nervous. He liked to have other people to have respect for and maybe a little fear of him, but you didn't have to overdo it.
"That'll love that, I'm sure." Charlie smiled. "And you've got five friends already, that's pretty awesome." She said as she arrived in front of her door. "Could you open that for me please?" My hands are kinda full."
"Teachers that are also adopting you, yes, they can look into your files." Sherlock said and smiled, "Which is mainly because of the adoption part."
Eeep... Charlie bit the inside of her cheek so as not to grin. "Well, maybe she turns out to have been a vampire. Never say never." She said with a shrug.
"From all I can tell they like you." Charlie smiled and closed the door. "I actually saw John smile a bit when you gave Rosie those safety instructions."
"You could say that." Violet said and began to walk over to her car. "I wish, you could ground kids, when you know they're just about to do something stupid; I'm pretty sure Amber is hungover now. It's still frustrating to let these things just happen." She said with a sigh and opened the car door. "You haven't slept much either, have you?"
"Well.. we're living in times where someone like Donald Trump can become president.. so much for comical.." Sherlock said and rolled his eyes.
"Well every cab's got a specific number, though." Sherlock said and smiled, "But yeah, you're right, no one really looks at it." Sherlock said and smiled at her, "Though I'm not sure if I should be proud or scared of you for thinking about that." he teased and smirked at the girl.
"You'd probably find a pretty woman everyone likes, have a few beautiful babies with her and all will be sunshine and roses." Sherlock said and chuckled, "I couldn't let that happen.. you'd go mad with how ordinary a life like that would be." he said with a smirk.
"You know, if you want an alternative career on the side, you could consider doing something with kids. The way Rosie adores you, you seem to be very good with kids." Sherlock said and gave a small smile, "But, yeah, I think John and I should really talk to her, I mean, I won't tell her the actual reasons either, but she deserves to have it explained by us as well."
"/Our/ Greg?" Vanessa asked and her face lit up. "Now that's some good news. Unexpected, but good. They're even the same age, aren't they?"
"Attic." Sherlock said and frowned, "Which is also where I've stored some of my experiments, I think I'll better get them myself and you and Rosie put up the tree." he said, which was pretty much code for 'busy her so she won't come after me to avoid scarring her for life'.
"Alright." Sherlock said and turned to the bed, "Well.. we thought you might want to get off that chair and try sleeping in a bed." he said as he unfolded the bedding, "We've also got a pyjama for you. You can change in the bathroom." he said and nodded to the small door on the other side of the room. "Also we have some more blood, some cookies and pen and paper."
"Actually, I have already worn a dress recently.. not a fan." Sherlock said with a chuckle, remembering their evening with Clara and Harry. "But yes, I do own several suits.." he said and chuckled again, "From various time periods, so I guess that'd justify a bit of a runway show."
"Yeah I remember that too.. I once threw my phone at my brother and it crashed into the wall instead.. the phone was okay... the wall wasn't." Sherlock said, not mentioning that he was more than a century old rather than less than a decade when that happened.
"I think that's about isn't it?" Ron asked, holding the sketch up for Charlie to see, "Have you seen her before by the way? I mean.. there's got to be a reason for trying to kidnap you.." he mumbled with a frown.
"Yeah, me neither. But.. at the moment, that being the first thing she thinks about might just save her life." Sherlock said and chewed on his lip, "But once they're out of danger, we
John chuckled at that. "I've got a slight feeling it's not, at least not very soon. Besides I want you back /in/side the bed in about ten minutes."
John's hand quickly came up to settle in Sherlock's hair. He felt more alive than he had in months; and that on a trip to boot's to get lube.. Perfectly happy in that moment, he opened his mouth and kissed Sherlock passionately back.
"Mainly because of safety concerns, don't want you to have an additional barrier in the way in case of a fire or something." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "And well, hope you don't mind that too much, but your room is much closer to Rosie's so if she's scared at night, she should be able to come in and snuggle up to you? I mean.. we can tell her to come downstairs to us if you would mind that, of course."
"Yeah, I would definitely like to see the spot of your wall." Ron said, happy to agree with every reason to see her again.
Sherlock smiled, leaning back on the bed, watching the canopy with a smile, "Really? It's not to... old-fashioned?" he asked with a laugh and turned to look at John, "But.. now that you've seen my room, I want to see where you lived when you were younger too." he said and shuffled closer to John.
"Pleasure to meet you too, Charlie." Lowell said and shook her hand, she really was adorable. "By the way, Lowell, Charlie is a big fan of tomato juice as well, as is Rosie, our other foster daughter, but she doesn't know yet why exactly tomato juice is so important for us.. she's four." he said and Lowell looked about as appalled by the fact that there were child vampires as they had been when they found out about this. "It's a really long story, there's a whole orphanage full of kids that erm.. like tomato juice." he explained, knowing that Rosie could probably overhear their conversations. Meanwhile, Lowell was so surprised by those news that he was still holding Charlie's hand without noticing it.
"We look ridiculous." Sherlock stated and took John's hand, to lead him out of the bedroom, "I can't wait for Charlie to unwrap her new laptop, actually. She'll be thrilled, probably not so thrilled about the internet restrictions coming along with it, but maybe we can mention that a little later."
"Great, that's sounds like a very sensible plan." John said and carefully put her back down. She really was extraordinarily smart, he thought, as he crouched down on the floor to get a bauble out of a box. "Have you ever made Christmas tree balls yourself, Rosie.?" He asked her after spotting some self-made decoration in his box.
"Well.. yeah. We sometimes do that. That's why just calling him over to catch up isn't that weird. We do that every now and then." Sherlock chuckled and shrugged, "But there are also phases where we don't have contact at all, except for a mail every few months."
"Yeah? What kinds of clues?" Charlie asked curiously, leaning forwards to be able to look at Sherlock more easily.
"Yes, sorry, we found a little cheery tour guide over he.." Sherlock cut off as he turned to where Daphne had just been standing and frowned, "Well.. seems like our tour guide decided the tour is over. Anyway, little blonde girl, named Daphne, about four years old?" Sherlock asked and looked questioningly at Rachel, really hoping that he'd hear a bit more about her.
"Pro tip, if something is sweet and awkward at the same time, focus on the sweet side of it." Sherlock said and chuckled along with her, "And even if it'll be a little awkward talking about it, you can talk about it with me and with John." he said and continued with the third bag, which held the painkillers, warm water bottle, heating pad and all of that, "You don't have to try to work everything out yourself, that's one of the plus sides of having a family."
John smiled a little at that. Having Sherlock say that straight to his dad's face meant a lot to him (much more than he'd have thought a mere two hours ago). However, it didn't do much for his stress levels in that moment to watch his father react to that. His father still looked like he was about to to throw them out, while his mother shot her husband a stern look. After what felt like hours (a clock would've told you roughly five seconds) Mr Watson cleared his throat and glanced to his wife before looking back at his son and his son's partner. "Well, at least this one's got some backbone."
"That's true, silly Billy, but that was over a week ago. That's ages." He said with a chuckle and emphasised his words with another peck on Sherlock's cheek. "And those aren't as sharp as your real ones anyway."
"It's just for the first impression. The first impression will influence how he judges the rest of my person, so better make it a good one. Once he likes me, it won't matter what I wear later on." Sherlock said and smiled, getting into the car himself and fixing his seatbelt, "It's psychology." he said and grinned at John. "I mean, naturally I won't get too far away from the way I usually dress or behave, but I know I'm a difficult character, don't have to overcharge him with the fact that I'm his son's boyfriend /and/ have a demanding personality."
"Yes, exactly. If you move the mouse on the table the white triangle here on the screen moves the same way." John explained to her, before pointing at the screen. "All of those little pictures have different tasks and if we move the triangle - we call that cursor - on top of them and click them, we ask the computer to do those things for us. If you move the cursor on here and click twice then the computer will show us Sherlock's photos."
"Well.. what was I supposed to do? If I had spoken up I wouldn't have helped him.." Sherlock said and sighed, "All that would have accomplished would have been that I would have been put into a solitary cell as well and that wouldn't have been good, there is a good chance for vampires to get violent when they're deprived of blood.. just like everybody can get violent when they're losing their minds.. I had to get out of there.. I even had Mycroft check if he could do something to get Jim out of there, but when he did, all he found out they had lobotomised him, but they were complications and he well, he didn't make it. There was no family to take care of things so he was cremated.
Amy nodded excitedly and went on. "And they were talking about which numbers boys in Ambers newspaper had!" She said and Charlie hid her face in Sherlock's neck with a pained groan. John had to hold back a chuckle at how blunt they were being, though he did feel sorry for Charlie. "You two are going to become two sneaky spies, I can tell." He chuckled, before asking. "Could you maybe get your mummy here? We'd like to say hi to her too."
"Hang on a moment, the adopted kids just... declined to know about their biological parents?" Sherlock asked with a frown, that would make sense if it'd only happen once or twice for kids that want to have clear cut and don't linger on the past, but it was very strange that none of the adopted kids wanted to at least have a look into their parents stuff.
"Well, lets make the most of those twenty minutes then." Sherlock said with a chuckle as he started the engine and drove off towards the city centre, "You know, we should probably try to fit time in for a proper date."
"No, I did know that. I just never knew it was you, to be honest all I remembered was that my clothes really suited you.. but I couldn't remember your face." Sherlock said and smiled, "You know I appreciate the effort of coming to let me know Victor hadn't been arrested, but did you have to let me sit there for hours?" he asked with a laugh, "It nearly drove me insane not to know what happened."
"So.. how about we all have some tomato juice, before we let daddy go to bed?" Sherlock asked, smiling at John, it was still hard to get used to the fact that John had really done it. It had felt like such a big step, the fact that it had only taken a few hours to do it was a little weird.
John opened the door at hearing that familiar voice. "Hello William, this isn't Miss Ellis. I need to talk to you." He said, remembering to use Sherlock's first name, before stepping inside. And jesus, it was incredibly surreal to actually see Sherlock sitting in his old room..
Sherlock smiled, "Well let's get back then, I'm actually quite looking forward for the start of the day in bed part too." he said and chuckled, "Any idea for what film to watch?"
Amy frowned a little at that. "No, I wouldn't let strangers touch my baby. Stranger danger!" She called and looked over at her mummy. "That's exactly right, darling." Vanessa praised with a smile. "So what will you do, if a stranger in the zoo wants to give or show you something?"
John gave Sherlock a very genuine, adoring smile. "I've never had a boyfriend - or girlfriend for that matter - as sincere as you, you know that? Look, I don't want you to change your whole attire for my father." John sighed.
John almost found himself unable to leave his bed for a long while, so when Sherlock entered the room he hardly even noticed him. All of the arguments had been valid and it still shook him how real it had felt. And that he'd almost given up his bloody dream existence; no, dream him had actually done that and dream-victor had refused. Jesus, this felt real...
"... okay, well done, class. That's it then for today, if you promise not to tell me out to Mrs. Hope." After some laughter, shuffling and the noise of chairs being put onto tables fifteen students ran out of the classroom to get to their common room before the last years. Greg Lestrade chuckled as the last one darted out and ran a hand through his silvery hair, before beginning to wipe the blackboard.
"Yeah, but it's almost over." Charlie told her with a smile and rubbed her back. "Just hold your arm still."
"What?" Sherlock asked, quite taken aback at the idea, "No.. he's not..." he said and frowned, again wondering what standards she was used to. "Anyway, I'll grab another bottle of blood for you and.. you want something else? Obviously everything that can be used as tool to pick locks is out of the question. But you can have pen and paper if you'd like to draw.. or maybe a book.."
"A combination of Rosie's smile and peer pressure, I think." John leaned against Sherlock and pulled Charlie a bit closer to himself. Meanwhile, David stopped for a moment and tapped on Rosie's shoulder to get her attention. "I think our audience might be growing." He whispered with a chuckle, figuring she'd like everyone together in the living room to watch her.
"Oh I'm sure Deliah will handle those for you." Sherlock said with a smirk and took the dresses from Charlie, before hanging them over a chair.
"I want that on paper." John said, leaning into the touch and resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "I do have my understandable moments sometimes." He said, with a bit of a smile.
"Sure thing." Charlie said with a smile. "Let's see... okay, I spy with my little eye something beginning with the letter... C"
"I like that reason. It'll be an honour to bear your name." John smiled and kissed Sherlock's cheek. "Besides, I would like to have the same last name as my husband." He said and walked into the building, holding the door open for Sherlock with his shoulder.
"Alright.." Sherlock said and smiled a little, "Well... I guess that's it for tonight. So.. sleep well." he said and walked quickly over to the bathroom, just to check for blunt or sharp objects since he didn't want to be surprised in the morning, before he walked back over to John.
"Yeah, that sounds like a good idea." John nodded. "I'm sure Rosie will be thrilled to be doing all of that on her first trip without the rest of the orphanage."
"Well at least the bedroom is Fay proof.." Sherlock said, looking around for a moment, before he started to change the bedding on the relatively large bed. "Did she take the pyjama with her?"
"Okay William. You're sharing a room with three other nice people here." The nurse said calmly and clearly. "We'll have you washed, redressed and looked at by a doctor and then you can go see your room. We have some very simple rules here; If you don't break them, you won't get into trouble." He said for the probably three hundredth time as he brought him into an exam room. "Don't get close enough to other patients to touch them in any way and do what the people wearing uniforms tell you to. Do you understand?"
John grinned at the prospect and opened the fridge to retrieve a big large sized bottle of water. "That sounds like a very good plan indeed." He said before returning his lips to sucking on Sherlock's, his other hand still on Sherlock's cheek.
"That was actually a risk back then..." Sherlock said and shrugged, "Witch hunts had only just started to stop in the 1730's, officially that is.. there were still enough nutters going around looking for evil creatures.." he said and shrugged, "So maybe they weren't looking for vampires exactly, but some of them certainly would have taken action if they'd seen us drink blood..."
"You're panicking a bit too much, though.." Sherlock said and frowned at him, "And... well at least I haven't met any vampire that got insane." he said and shrugged, "Although.. we all are a bit, I guess." he said with a small laugh. "And what you don't know about the blood I have is that we get the blood that's one or two days away from the end of their shelf life. It's fine since we freeze it anyway."
Sherlock looked at John with a half smile at his words, before taking a breath and looking back at John's father. "Sir, with all due respect, I love your son. And I will continue to do so no matter if you accept it. I am not asking for your blessing. But if nothing else, we both have in common that we love John, so I'm hoping we can build on that. But start treating your son badly and we'll walk right out of here." he said and bit his lip, he had gotten a bit carried away, he was dearly hoping now that John's father would appreciate him having a bit of spine and wouldn't just kick both of them out.
"Showing you his.. I'm going to murder him. Victor if you want me to convey any last words better tell me now." Sherlock said and already started to take his wet shirt back on, it was cold but it would do, this would be over fast.
"Oh you're still here?" Sherlock asked, giving her a little wave, mainly to make see the ring on his finger, although he had honest to god forgotten Rachel, he hadn't seen her in a while (or perhaps he just hadn't wasted brain cells on her presence, which seemed a bit more likely). "Well, anyway, you want to come with me, or do you want to get acquainted with some of the kids?" he asked, already ignoring Rachel again.
"Thanks, paps" Charlie said with a smile and looked down at herself, before turning around a few times to see how the dress moved. "I hope Lowell hasn't forgotten the rings."
John came up behind Sherlock to open the door for him, while Vanessa shrugged her coat on and took her handbag, before following behind. Amy meanwhile had a brilliant idea. "We could ask a tiger keeper!" She whispered excitedly to her sister.
John nodded at that. "Yeah, that makes sense. And ai can definitely say that I hadn't had him, I'd be a lot different." A lot of the things John had done in his life were at least partly because he'd wanted to earn his dad's respect. Especially since he was his only son... But that wasn't something he really wanted to get into.
Rosie listened intently, frowning a little, now peeking at Charlie next to her, "What's an iddom?" she asked, having never heard that word.
"Yeah, pretty sure that's not the case." Charlie said and began to laugh as well, feeling a bit better about the whole sneaking away thing. "But we've also got a similar taste in people apparently. I can see why he likes you that much." She said with a smile.
"Oh yeah I did enjoy that lunch too." Sherlock said and chuckled, giving a small sigh, "Yeah okay, I think I can wait a little longer with that. I'll also get more kisses out of that, so I probably shouldn't complain."
"Strange how that works." Charlie shrugged. "And did he really react that badly? I meam, it's a shock for us too, but you know."
Sherlock chuckled, "Yeah, how is she that tired anyway?" he asked as he turned on the engine, "Any late night break ins last night?" he asked with a smirk.
Charlie stopped and thought for a moment if it was wise to tell him she was a vampire.. Then again, she had already chosen sides hadn't she? And it'd be a hard lie to maintain.. "said with a smirk, figuring that
