Then, a tongue, warm and wet, met the skin just below the junction of Sherlock's jaw and made him dig his fingers into warm skin. He moaned, and John moaned in response.
Sherlock nodded slowly, on the verge to drifting off into thoughts again. He took a deep breath and focused his eyes on John’s once more. “But
She took a seat beside him and turned to face him. "Is something wrong with Harry?" she asked then, concern in her voice.
His mobile buzzed. Thankful for the distraction, he dug it free from his trouser pocket, realising too late that it was Sherlock who was most likely to send him a text.
“Yet there is evidence that speaks otherwise in the bathroom,” she replied calmly, her eyes never leaving his face. “Perhaps it is that you don’t
"I love you, John," the soft baritone echoed in his head. He'd said it, finally, after almost a year of being together, Sherlock had said those three (four) little words for the first time. And then, "Are you willing to belong with me for the rest of our lives, John? Through joy and sorrow and 'til death do us apart?"
"Yes, Sherlock. To me, it does," John said simply and fixed demanding eyes on his tall friend, who suddenly didn't seem so tall anymore, slumped down in his armchair.
Regardless, his heart sank a little when he sat down in a chair at the small cafe and looked around, not seeing anyone remotely looking like his best friend.
"Stop feeling that way towards me, now. Just...stop it." Sherlock's voice, barely above a whisper, cracked.
"Sherlock?" he asked into the darkness, his voice broken. He looked to the right to find his lover's spot empty and long since cooled.
), but nice. Just the idea of bumping into that Sherlock bloke at any moment gave her chills up and down her spine. There was no reason for her to be scared, yet she was. He didn’t sound like the most pleasant kind of person to put up with. And she didn’t want to put up with him, at all. Full stop.
"John, John, John, come home, don't leave me, please," he murmured into the emptiness. "Oh please, I'm so sorry, come back, I need you, I-"
Looking around the crowded airport lobby for anyone looking even remotely like John, Sherlock felt increasingly lost and overwhelmed. As soon as he’d stepped foot into the building, his resolve had crumbled and his first instinct had been to turn around and flee. But he couldn’t do that to himself and, more importantly, to John. But would John even want him to -- what actually was it that he was going to do here?
A moan reverberated from the walls as he watched Sherlock unbutton his purple shirt (John's favourite), deliberately slowly. Long, gentle fingers popped open the buttons one by one, revealing alabaster skin and pale rose nipples.
Sherlock closed his eyes, drew in as deep a breath as possible and exhaled slowly, trying to calm his painfully constricting heart. He felt drained of energy and devoid of all emotion except for the despair and loneliness his best friend had left him with.
He wished, prayed that he could just go out and get John back, his friend John, the only one who knew everything about him and still decided to stay, to put up with him, to care for him and never ask anything in return.
Again there was a slight increase of pressure on John’s back. He felt Sherlock’s hand as clearly as if he was touching his bare skin, felt the texture of his calloused violinist’s fingertips burning through the thick fabric of his jacket, through the wool of his jumper and the fine cotton of his button-down shirt, very nearly scorching his skin.
Clara parked the car in front of the airport to let John out. “You go on ahead, I’ll just quickly search for parking. I’ll meet you in the front hall by the coffee place.”
“Okay, stay calm, even if he’s here he’s not going to kill you. You’re just here to pick up John’s stuff and you’ll be out of here in a matter of minutes,” she murmured reassuringly to herself, pinching the bridge of her nose and squeezing her eyes closed for a moment. Still, the uneasiness wouldn’t leave her alone and she stared up the stairs to John’s flat. She counted seventeen steps, but counting them didn’t help calming her nerves either. She counted them again. Giving up on it she sighed, and grabbing the balustrade tightly with her right hand she set foot on the stairwell.
John stared after her and gulped. Back to Baker Street to pick up his belongings? He wasn’t sure he could do that.
“Hey,” Clara scolded in mock-offense, “it’s cozy and fluffy and my little sister was conceived on that!”
He didn’t regard John with so much as a look when the good doctor entered the sitting room and dropped a plate full of toast, scrambled eggs, baked beans and sausages on the small coffee table next to Sherlock, a cup of tea following suit.
flatmate that would be fine, but not when the person you share a flat with is an easily bored genius named Sherlock Holmes, no."
She put the mugs down on the coffee table before she dismissively waved her hand. “Don’t mention it, hun. You’ve done so much for me and your sister, I’m glad that now
He sucked in a desperate breath, coughed and pressed his right hand to his sternum. The pressure snapped him out of his state of selfish grief.
The scene played out in front of him again, but Victor's dark, chocolate brown eyes and languid, promising smile were replaced with clear, ocean-coloured irises and a familiar half-frown-half-smile that mirrored John's worry and fondness for Sherlock.
"Interesting. Apparently it's fine to trust your life to me during cases, but I'm not trustworthy enough to make you coffee. Go ahead and brew yourself a new one, then." Sherlock continued to focus on his experiment.
John sat back up, just looking down at the other man for a moment. Their eyes met, Sherlock's half-lidded gaze glossed over, pleading him. "Please," they seemed to whisper, and it was then that John threw all consideration and caution over board.
to know what he was doing there - honestly, he was fine with whatever mischief Sherlock was up to, as long as it didn't involve hydrochloric acid and John's favourite jumper.
He felt like sighing, but swallowed instead. Setting one insecure foot in front of the other, he began walking towards the shops, turning his head every which way to see if he couldn’t find his blond friend.
And with that, he closed his eyes, inhaling the scent of rain water and smoke and wood and spring that was Sherlock, bathing in the delight of having his one true love back in his life. Nothing else mattered and nothing ever would.
“Are you sure you’ve got everything?” Clara asked, but John only turned around to wordlessly open the front door and take a few steps outside.
John saw her poking the screen with a tad of force and frowned. “Maybe it’s Harry.  It could be something important.”
"Fuck," John managed after a while, breath still coming raggedly. He blinked against the dim light the moon poured into the room and saw the image of Sherlock fading with what could only be described as the sexiest grin in history, like a very adult version of the Cheshire Cat.
Two days later, Sherlock and John were bounding down the stairs of their flat on the way to a crime scene Lestrade had summoned them to.
John is...gone. You made him turn his back on you. Much like you made anyone else leave. Because you thought you're better off alone. Because you thought being alone would protect you from getting hurt. But if other's don't hurt you, the loneliness will. You can't...mustn't be alone. You're dangerous when you're alone." He took several shuddering breaths at the end of his monologue and bit his lip again, long fingers massaging his temples. John would come back. He was
Sherlock gave him a funny look and reached for the cigarette, but John drew back his hand before he could take it. "Ah, wait, have you eaten anything today? I won't let you smoke on an empty stomach."
Mycroft had once said. Oh, how right he was. Sherlock felt his body trembling, a shiver running up and down his spine, a chill claiming his heart. The hand above his sternum fisted the material of his shirt as more memories flooded his sharp mind.
John rolled his eyes. "Just because he's unable to bring himself to feel for others it doesn't make him oblivious to other people's feelings. He simply... he doesn't care...
He stared at his bleeding hand, mesmerised, feeling the blood roll warmly and soothingly over his pale skin, watching it drip onto the white porcelain of the sink. He smiled, breathing in and out calmly, peacefully.
A delicate eyebrow threatened to disappear into soft, brownish-black curls. "No, John," Sherlock answered, "don't see,
Sherlock fought the impulse to rest his head on John's back, fought the urge to wholly envelop him with his warmth, with his love. Instead he lay down next to him, as close as possible without disturbing him, he had no wish to wake him, to rob him of his sleep. Not now, not yet, no need to hurry, no need to rush - not anymore.
Clearing his throat, John managed to finally answer, “Of course you do. There’s no one left for you to experiment on, no one to do your cleaning and shopping and cooking for you, now, is there?” He surprised himself with how indifferent he was capable of sounding right then.
John? Why do you keep worrying about my health, or my dignity, or whatever else there is for you to worry about?”
John thought and balled his hands into tight fists. A growl rumbled in the back of his throat. “I am not your bloody experiment, Sherlock. You don’t get to invade my personal space like that. Forget it.”
is supposed to mean.” She rolled her eyes and poked the screen again. “There, deleted,” she added and threw the phone on the sofa.
He dipped his tongue into the small wound, tasting his own blood. It reminded him of portions of his past he treasured, truly valued. It tasted like warm milk and honey, his mother's cure for sleepless nights.
She kissed his cheek. “Okay. We wait until tonight and if you’re still sure of it, I’ll email Joan and set a date. For now, I’ll go and make a proper breakfast -- coffee alone just doesn’t do -- and you make a list of things that you need from Baker Street. We need to pick up some clothes for you, at the very least.” She pressed a kiss to his other cheek and flung herself off the couch, bouncing out of the living room.
Several deep breaths and two sips of tea later, John answered, uneasiness giving way to outright anxiety - and sadness; did he not mean
from the moment I understood what was going on with me. God damn it, Sherlock, I know you're incapable of... feelings like this. Why do you think I tried to hide it in the first place?"
"M-m-more," Sherlock stuttered and it was the last coherent thing he was able to say as he felt hot lips closing around the tip of his erection, sucking lightly, almost carefully.
John looked down at him, his ocean eyes roaming the beauty that was Sherlock. His gaze followed down the length of an alabaster neck, up and down an exposed, creamy-white, slightly flushed chest, catching for mere moments on hardened, pink nipples. He bit his bottom lip and inhaled sharply. This exposed beauty right in front of his eyes? Yeah, that was Sherlock, just waiting for him to leave his mark on that perfect, white skin. A strong feeling of something very raw, very basic surged through his veins, curling at his fingertips and toes, tickling at the base of his spine.
Sherlock glowered, fingers clasped tightly around the fingerboard of his beloved instrument, the strings cutting deep through the calloused skin. Droplets of blood welled up and ran down his hand.
Whatever doubts had filled John's mind during the day, they certainly had vanished now, vaporised by hot fingers on clammy skin.
unspokenly travelling along with his words -- before he opened the door of the car again and got back in. Heaving a sigh, he tapped the handle of his umbrella against the partition to signal his driver to go.
It all narrowed down to one simple fact: John loved him. Now, what was he to do about that? With a grin he steepled his fingers under his chin once again and started setting up his plans for a new, promisingly intriguing experiment.
John looked back at him and shrugged. "It will be, eventually." He tried an optimistic smile, but failed miserably. Lestrade acknowledged it with a raised eyebrow but said nothing more.
He didn't let himself finish this train of thought. Instead, he shoved himself up and out of his chair, rubbing the sleeves of his plum-coloured shirt over his eyes and, with shaking legs, stalked across the room and into the bathroom.
He couldn't do this to himself. He couldn't do this to Mummy, who had always wanted him to live a long and happy life. He couldn't do this to John, who protected him to ensure just that.
“Oh, I beg to differ, brother dear. You may think you’ve put on your big boy pants earlier, but who will be there when you’ll eventually break down?” The words cut right into Sherlock’s heart, but the eyes fixed on him spoke a different language. There was pity in them, and a hint of… sadness?
"You made me coffee," John stated, blinking again in confusion. He looked back to his mug, filled to the brim with hot coffee and just the right amount of milk. Then his gaze wandered back to Sherlock - or rather, to the back of his head. "You never make me coffee. So I assume it's some special occasion or you want to drug me again."
“I’ll be expecting you in a week then?” John jokingly retorted, coaxing a soft giggle from the older woman. He was trying hard to suppress the bitter taste of the words that actually sat on the tip of his tongue, ready to jump out and admit to all the fears and second thoughts whirling around inside of him, so as to not worry Clara, who had done so much for him already, even more than he’d ever expected or thought he deserved.
John fell onto the neatly made bed of his hotel room and stared at the ceiling. He'd considered asking Mike or Greg for a place to kip until he found himself a flat, but he needed time alone, time to think, and he certainly didn't want the D.I. poking his nose into his private life. Not that Lestrade would pry, exactly, but staying at his place would raise questions. Questions of the sort John didn't want to answer, and frankly couldn't.
Sherlock squinted. Another, much smaller mole was right next to it, the two of them making an almost perfect pair. He leaned down to kiss the marks on John's skin, a feather light touch, far too weak to wake his sleeping lover. He hovered over the soft skin, widening his nostrils to inhale the scent clinging to John's skin. A mixture of sleep, sex and John's own scent - spicy and sweet.
"I'm confident we will find a fitting arrangement to ensure sufficient tea supply." Sherlock smiled with only the right corner of his mouth, and John couldn't help but stare for just a moment. When he realised his gaze was lingering, he felt his heart clench. Surely that hadn't slipped past Sherlock's all-observing eye, he thought, and the anxiety returned.
“Oh, Sherlock,” John interrupted, finally understanding what his friend was aiming for, fondness deeply edged into his words. He withdrew the hand resting on Sherlock’s shoulder and used it to force his friend’s face up by putting a finger under his chin. He shook his head. “Misinterpreted indeed, but the wrong thing.”
He answered with a half-hearted, lopsided grin. She ushered him inside and took his jacket off him, practically manhandling him onto the couch in the living room and popping into the kitchen. "I'm gonna make us a nice cuppa and then you'll tell me everything," she shouted from inside the fridge as she dug free a fresh carton of milk.
Sherlock shrugged. "Out of embarrassment. Seeing as you are probably the most heterosexual man walking this planet, it must have been a devastating experience to suddenly-"
So John, long-suffering best friend, housekeeper, and family doctor, got up from his just re-acquired seat and went to search for Sherlock's lighter in his bedroom. He found it ten minutes later underneath a pile of case notes and took it back into the living room, where Sherlock sat in the exact pose he had left him in, with the exact expression on his features. His face lit up when John held out the lighter.
He inhaled slowly and felt himself throb with arousal as she came closer, reaching around him and pressing her body full against his, right hand on the small of his back to hold him there.
Sherlock swallowed and looked away, turned his head to the right to stare at the skull on the mantle. “I can’t feel,” he eventually answered in a low voice, trying to hide the cracking in it.
“What are you going to tell him?” he asked, knowing that winning John back this time would probably not be an easy task for his younger brother.
Sherlock let his hand sink as he studied her features, and nodded ever so slightly, before turning around and stalking off to the kitchen. “Tea?” he asked over his shoulder, but didn’t wait for an answer as he filled the kettle.
Sherlock swallowed, shivered, gasped. He could physically feel the touch now; even after all this time, it was so distinctively
“Look, it’s just an offer. You don’t have to take it. There are a billion other places you could go without leaving the country. Whatever your decision is, I’ll support you. Always.”
all over my feelings, it's all right, it's fine," John ground out. "So I'm not even worthy of your friendship anymore, now, am I? Makes me wonder, Sherlock: have you ever valued me in any way? I don't imagine you did."
"The way you stare at me when you think I'm not looking, and the embarrassment written across your face when you realised I
Two - I know, I know, they didn't actually end up together with kisses and wild sex (even though that's what I had originally planned for this story), but I found it to be much more believeable if they reunited like this. After all, John took that trip to Australia because he wanted to
“What? No! Why? What if there’s an emergency and he needs me?” John protested, but Clara silenced him with a raised hand.
John snorted. "Why, thank you! Not everyone can look as fantastic as you do even after three nights without any sleep," he snapped.
from him, anyway, couldn’t expect it at all. He knew that, even granted him a certain amount of eccentricity, but there were boundaries to everything. And right now, John felt used, he felt dirty even, something he did not want to attribute to the feelings he harboured for Sherlock.
Sherlock nodded. John wasn't at all prepared for what the detective said next. "Under these circumstances it may be the most favourable outcome for both affected parties if you were to... move out."
He rounded a couple of corners and walked for about twenty minutes more, then found himself in a familiar neighbourhood. He looked around for a road sign, stopped in front of a very familiar white two-storey house right across the street from Montpelier Church, and blinked.
And with those words, John calmly put on his cardigan and his jacket, moving deliberately slowly to give Sherlock a chance to re-think and apologise, hoping against hope that he would do, that John wouldn't have to do this. As he should have expected, no such thing happened. Dying heart sinking inside his chest, he left the flat, once again leaving them both devastated.
John's gaze followed the soft lines and sharp angles of his lover's face, his left forefinger reaching out and grazing the soft, pale skin of a cheek. He bent forward and gently touched his lips to one closed eyelid. As he pulled back and resumed watching the sleeping figure, the glistening moonlight caressing raw, white skin, making it shine in an unusually beautiful way, he felt a single tear drip from his eyes.
"Touch me, John," Sherlock said, biting his bottom lip. But before John had a chance to reach out, Sherlock climbed onto his lap and pressed himself flush against him. Lips touched again, an urgent hand finding its way into John's lap, squeezing, rubbing, teasing the tip of his erection.
And that was when he heard it. The faint sound of a violin coming from the living room, caressing his ears, his heart, putting his body, mind and soul back in line. Like puzzle pieces being put together, the shattered remainders of his lonely, bleeding heart fit back together as if they'd never been apart.
John nodded his understanding and absentmindedly chewed his bottom lip. After several long moments that stretched into an eternity, he spoke again. “What kind of sentiment does it speak of, Sherlock?” he enquired, a hint of something pleasant, something Sherlock couldn’t quite decipher, lingering below his words.
John exhaled to calm down, to steady his nerves once again, to find his balance. He wiped his hands over his face. He was tired, he was flustered and more than a little bit unsettled. He heard the faint noises of Sherlock padding around in their living room, heard him walk from the sofa to their kitchen and back. Then there was silence.
He shook off the thought and stared at the curtain's slight wavering at the touch of the chilly air streaming in through the open window. He followed the movement with his eyes, trying to lull himself back into much-needed sleep.
She sat down next to him and began to tell him about Joan, a friend of hers from back at Uni, who worked as a doctor and would gladly provide him with housing and food for as long as necessary. “All you’d have to do is help her in her practise. They’re short on doctors all times of the year. You’d probably get paid less than you would be paid anywhere else, but then again, you won’t have to pay for groceries and the rent for a room or flat.”
Subconscious-Sherlock shook his head. "You know that's entirely untrue. You'll always be welcome at Baker Street. It will always be your home. I need you there.
between his legs, he turned to lie on his side. A glance at the clock on his phone told him it was barely three in the morning.
"Oh God," John bit out, voice rough with lust. His head fell back into the pillows and he exposed his neck to Sherlock, who clawed experimentally at the tanned skin - small, maddening kitten-scratches - biting at John's nape, pulling a needy groan from his throat.
He wanted the world to know Sherlock was his, and his alone. That the Consulting Detective was, in fact, spoken for. Even though no-one but Molly Hooper really attempted to ever flirt with Sherlock (he was a
Lastly, and most importantly yet, Sherlock -- we’re not sleeping together. Couples sleep together. We don’t. Okay. That makes us not-a-couple. We’re friends, colleagues, flatmates, but that’s it.”
For some reason, John’s posture had a wave of respect, with just the smallest amount of fear added to it, rushing through Sherlock’s body, tingling at his fingertips and toes, creeping up and back down his spine, and finally pooling in the pit of his stomach. Despite of being intrigued by the sensation, he swallowed thickly and bowed his head down in an obedient fashion.
He'd just ignore Sherlock from now on. Block his number, maybe. He shook his head; no, that was too harsh. What if Sherlock actually needed his help with something, maybe a particularly difficult (and therefore interesting) case? Or had got himself in mortal danger? What if he got shot or otherwise hurt?
John was in the kitchen making tea and breakfast, unconsciously humming a melody in the back of his throat. Sherlock didn’t recognise it, but then again, he wasn’t really listening. He was thinking, slumped down in his armchair, elbows resting on the armrests on either side of his body, fingers steepled under his chin.
The taller man raised an eyebrow and looked at his friend challengingly. "Oh, why don't you help me with that?"
Sherlock couldn’t fathom the reason just now, he decided, and shook his head. There was no use examining John’s reactions, he would have to file them away for later use. For now, he would settle for collecting more data.
"Why are you refusing to accept the evidence, John?" a deep baritone sounded and the good doctor jumped. He sat up and looked around frantically, but Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. What the...? Where was that bastard hiding?
"Yes, all right, fine, I have been embarrassed and I have been in denial, for God's sake," John cut him off. "But I eventually realised I can never have what I want no matter how desperately I want it, and I'll cope with that. Can we please drop it now?"
The doctor sighed and shook his head. This was as close to an apology as he would get. "Fine, it's fine. I'm fine," he muttered, staring down on the table.
John all but fell onto the couch, dropping two plates of Chinese takeaway on the coffee table in front of him.
A soft chuckle filled the room. "You're giving up hope too easily. But regardless of whether you can have him the way you want or not - use your imagination," not-really-Sherlock said, the wink audible in his voice. "I'm given to understand it's rather vivid."
Sherlock shook his head, staring down at his hands. "No use, I would know it again the moment I looked at you. Besides, I just can't delete you, or anything concerning you. Trust me, I've
“Sherlock,” John started, his voice cracking, and cleared his throat again. “It’s impolite to stare,” he continued rather witlessly and cursed himself only a split second after the words had left his mouth.
“No, don’t answer that, I know you do, John. I also know you tend to touch me when I sleep,” the unusually soft baritone said, and John felt as if it was piercing his lungs, all air fading from them.
There was silence for a few minutes, in which John resumed drinking (as in 'marvelling in') his tea. Then, suddenly, Sherlock spoke again.
“Why are you here?” John eventually asked after a few more moments of uncomfortable silence, no longer able to bear the anticipation.
John was rendered speechless. His breath taken away, he was gaping at his friend-gone-lover. Then, after several blinks and hastily inhaled breaths, he took Sherlock's face in both his hands and kissed him, offering all his love and devotion to him with this one, simple touch, stroking his thumbs along those incredibly high cheekbones.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip to stop a strangled cry from pouring out, a reaction uncalled for - unnecessary, useless emotion.
He was bloody awful!” Clara paused, “Then again… he’s just a child, really, isn’t he?” she said, sitting up and looking at her brother-in-law with something akin to sadness in her eyes.
John followed her with his eyes for a moment before looking back up at his friend and motioning for him to sit in her chair. Slowly, almost reluctantly, Sherlock took off his coat and sat.
John fell back into the silk-covered pillows and closed his eyes with a sigh, playing with the silver band he still wore on his left ring finger. Touching this last gift, this forever unfulfilled promise Sherlock had given him was somewhat soothing.
“I know what it means now,” he continued, finally lifting his gaze and staring intently into John’s eyes.
He dropped the shard, eyes widening with shock and utter disbelief. What was he thinking? What was he
John blinked, then grinned. "If you keep making me tea as lovely as this every once in a while, then I might."
"You heard me," Sherlock responded, finally lifting his gaze, storm-grey eyes locking onto ocean-blue.
I feel like my writing style has changed a lot throughout the years I've worked on this story, and that I've somehow unlearned to write a convincing Sherlock -- he does feel very out of character in this chapter. I want to pin that on the fact that I have fallen off the Johnlock ship a while ago (because I really, really liked Mary) and that it literally took me years to write "Domestic" (so it's only natural my writing is different now than it was back when I started).
John groaned and turned off the telly. Five seconds later he switched it on again, zapping through channels restlessly until he found some documentary about wild cats. There. That should keep his mind occupied.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I don't feel like eating now, John. I feel like smoking. Give it here." When John raised his eyebrows and gave him The Look, he added, "Please."
Sherlock buried his nose in John's hair and closed his eyes. A sense of homecoming, of peace and calm settled over him, making his limbs heavy, pleasantly weighing him down.
He delicately stretched his fingers and plucked a shard of the mirror, eyeing it gratefully and smiling. He closed his eyes, took in a shuddering breath, and came to a decision. This was enough, finally, certainly enough, and he wouldn't go on like this. He didn't have to. The solution was right there, in his hand.
With a sigh she turned on her heels, looking around. She spotted two closed doors next to the stairs. One of which would probably be the bathroom, the other Sherlock’s bedroom.
Blinking her eyes open, she pushed herself off the wall and braced herself in front of the lime-green door that led to the sitting room of 221B Baker Street.
He'd been straight all his life. He knew it for certain. He was just confused because other people all seemed to think he and Sherlock- He'd get over it, wouldn't he? Get back to normal?
She nodded and put a hand on his shoulder, squeezing lightly. “I’m one step ahead of you, dear. I’ve been thinking about that.”
The friction of John's arse rubbing against his erection had Sherlock gasp in surprise, but he instinctively lifted his pelvis to press up and create more contact still.
Sherlock said nothing. His hands were shaking slightly, John noticed, and so he made a decision and headed up the stairs. Digging free a pair of socks from one of his drawers, he retrieved a pack of Pall Mall Blues he kept there, hidden away from Sherlock, in case the need should ever arise. He didn't like Sherlock smoking, but sometimes, just very rarely, it seemed to be necessary to let him. He opened the small paperboard container and took one of the cigarettes, then put the pack back into its hiding place.
For the first time since John had left his former flat, he took a deep, deliberate breath and leaned back into the soft cushions to relax his taut muscles.
John gave her a tiny smile. “I’ll make us some tea, you sit and relax for a bit,” he said and before she could even think of objecting he was out of the living room and up to the task of finding some Darjeeling.
“I want to touch you, John. I want you to touch me.” Calm. Even. Dark. Somehow promising. Oh so tempting. John trembled in anticipation of what was to follow. What did follow, however, was nothing he would have expected. “Based on the evidence I found you interested in a physical relationship with me, John, and I suggest you start acting on it. Take me to bed.” Demanding, rough, detached.
The younger man nodded in acknowledgement, but said nothing. John felt his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he swallowed around the lump that had suddenly formed there.
Sherlock clenched his jaw and balled his hands into tight fists. "I wanted you to come back because I thought you would've been over it by then. I wanted you to come back because I-" he bit off the words and drew a deep breath.
John let out the breath he wasn't aware he'd been holding and crossed the room to his chair, dropping the bag that held his dirty clothing along the way and peeling off his jacket and cardigan.
The fifteenth stair leading up to the flat creaked, followed by two short knocks of wood on wood. Mycroft’s umbrella handle.
He felt like a bloody idiot, standing there in front of his own flat, unable to open that goddamn door.
Sherlock blinked, puzzled, but then shrugged. "Fine," he said, and John couldn't determine if he sounded upset or if that was wishful thinking on his part.
"Again, Sherlock: I'm not sure I understand," John admitted. "If you were hurt because I wasn't here, then it should be better by now. I mean, I'm back, after all."
Sherlock’s eyes went wide for the briefest of moments, and if John had blinked, he’d have missed it. Faintly, the younger shook his head. “It’s not that.”
count as a date. Visiting crime scenes together also doesn’t meet the requirements for a date. Okay. We don’t go on dates together.
Before John could open his mouth to answer, the phone chimed again. They both looked at it, John in curiosity, Clara in something akin to annoyance. John reached out, but his hand was batted away by Clara. “Oh no, you’re not,” she scolded and picked it up.
Once upstairs and inside the living room, his gaze instantly fixed itself on Sherlock's tall figure in his armchair by the window. He sat with his feet on the seat, drawn so close to his body, his heels were almost touching his (plush, touchable, indecently sexy, especially in
With that, he hung up and put the device away inside his jacket before opening the door and stepping out of the car.
John stretched and yawned before he blinked up at her. “As good as your battered old sofa would allow,” he answered, grinning.
Closing his eyes for a brief moment and inhaling a deep breath, John at first didn’t even realise that a smile was tugging at the corners of his mouth. He’d waited for this for what felt like an eternity.
Sherlock blinked, then nodded. “You’re saying I’ve crossed a boundary tonight, too,” he murmured. Then fixed his eyes back on his food. “You don’t want me to touch you, then?”
It was Sherlock's turn to stare, opening and closing his mouth with not a single syllable falling from his lips. He licked them and swallowed around the lump in his throat, once, twice and a third time, blinked and finally found his words again. "John," he whispered, but nothing else would come to mind. "John," he said again, his voice shaking with too many feelings crushing down on him, making his heart burn pleasantly and leaving him in the acute need for closeness. He did the only one thing he could think of and pulled John back down into a mind-consuming kiss.
John returned to the flat forty minutes later carrying Tesco bags to find Sherlock at his microscope, examining something that looked like carpet fibre.
John shook his head and noted her relieved huff with a tiny smile. "In that case, Johnny, my sweet, what's up with you? You look like you cried yourself to sleep for the past week."
Sherlock noticed his inquisitive stare and nodded at him, curtly but friendly, a small smile lingering on his lips, his eyes twinkling with something John couldn’t quite place, before he turned his attention back to Lestrade, who was pointing out the assumed escape route of the murderer, walking away from them, further into the building.
“I don’t know, Sherlock, just don’t... I don’t know. You’re not supposed to hold my hand or put yours on the small of my back just so, in front of everyone, that’s... as far as affection goes, Sherlock, this implies we were more than just friends. But we are not. Okay?”
Sherlock was sitting opposite John, holding one of their delicate China teacups, gracefully balancing it between his long, pale index finger and thumb, blowing over the still scalding contents of it, his plush lips hovering over the liquid. The look he gave John over the rim of the cup held something feral. Behind all the posh manners and vocabulary, there was something raw and dangerous, hidden away from the public eye, but laid openly on the floor for John to see. The thought sent jolts of electricity down John’s spine and straight to his groin. He cleared his throat and shifted slightly in the chair to hide his unease.
Please be aware that only half of this chapter has been beta-read because I stopped writing on it midway and simply haven't worked up the courage to contact the friend that proof-read this story for me before, seeing as we haven't been in contact much after I've stopped writing. So I apologise in advance for any typos you may find.
The incident was never spoken of again, yet it wouldn't let go of John's heart, mind and soul, wouldn't stop burning him with white-hot passion.
John sighed, exasperated. He lifted his hands in defeat and shook his head once again. “I worry about you, Sherlock, and that a lot. That’s the reason why. I’m your doctor,
"Sher-" he managed to breathe, voice cracking, "is that - am I dreaming? Did I die and go to heaven?"
“Is it?” Sherlock asked with an amused quirk of one eyebrow. “I wasn’t aware that my looking at you was discomforting. But then the faint blush and the disconcertment in your posture are clear signs I shouldn’t have missed.”
His phone buzzed, but the detective didn’t have the energy to sit up and look for it, much less get up and pick it up. Instead, he closed his green-grey eyes and inhaled another deep breath in a vain attempt to calm the storm inside of him.
The younger listened carefully, then nodded. “Go on then,” he said, genuine interest engraved in his rich baritone voice.
"You don't believe I would pull the same trick twice, do you? Also, can't one make a coffee for his flatmate without having any diabolical plots in mind?" Sherlock asked, and there was not the slightest bit of mock-innocence in his tone, as was so often the case when he tried to experiment on John.
John took a deep breath. "Look, Sherlock, I'm still your friend, okay? Just try to not think about the rest, and all will eventually go back to normal."
He shook himself out of it, pulling strands of his hair with all the force he could muster. "No, no, no, no, no," he shouted, "not true, that wasn't John, John didn't do that to you, John would never, John is there to catch you when you fall, John is - John is - he's-" His voice broke as he remembered
Sherlock took a deep breath, but paused. John waited, his hand still resting on his friend’s shoulder, thumb drawing absentminded circles on the purple cotton.
"He seems fairly clueless about how certain others feel towards him." A delicate brow rose towards the ceiling.
already! You're wrong, you're all wrong," he said into the empty room. "It's not like that. I'm not like that, I'm not. I'm just... not."
John swallowed thickly. "I can't believe I'm having this discussion with myself... about Sherlock," he muttered and squeezed his eyes shut. "You know what I'm thinking, how highly I think of him, and not just because of...
John finally curled his lips around the rim of the cup and took a sip, closing his eyes and rolling the liquid around in his mouth to savour the rich taste of it before swallowing and putting the cup back into its saucer. His heart jumped, swelling with a sudden rush of love for his lunatic flatmate as he stared at the tea.
John noticed the uncharacteristic shyness that seemed to have taken hold of Sherlock and his heart skipped a beat.
Sherlock's hands finally let go of his hair and he planted the soles of his feet on the seat of his armchair, pulling his long limbs in close and encircling them with his arms, locking his long fingers around his wrists to keep them in place. He buried his face in the hollow between his bony knees and felt the soft, black wool of his trousers grow damp in the spots right above them.
One day - Lestrade had summoned them to a crime scene near Hyde Park - Sherlock would completely ignore him. It was so obvious that the D.I. took John aside and asked him about it, genuinely concerned. He pretended to not care about Sherlock's wicked schemes, told Greg that his friend just was like that. "You know him," he said with a shrug.
"So," Sherlock said calmly once John was seated, resting tired eyes on the good doctor's face. He didn't utter anything else.
Going public was another case entirely. They hadn't taken that step yet, seven months into the game, but John certainly hoped they would, and soon. Because, even though he wouldn't admit it to himself or anyone else, he more and more felt like a pet to Sherlock. He didn't want to be his
Nimble violinist's fingers dug into John's shoulder blades. John tightened his grip on Sherlock's hips, lifted him off his feet and onto the kitchen table. Their lovemaking was passionate, hard and fast.
with them, John told himself, were two different things entirely. He was not, he told Irene's voice in his head,
Sherlock blinked in surprise. John was feeding him, making him sleep, dressing his wounds when he got himself injured, and generally took good care of him. John was also shooting evil cabbies and punching people worth less than the dirt below his shoes -- all for the sole purpose of protecting Sherlock. And, most importantly, John called it
Suddenly, the world came back into motion, people rushed by, talked, laughed, hugged their loved ones goodbye or hello, and John felt as though he was drowning in it and the rush of words spilling from the younger man’s lips and the feelings pouring down on him like raindrops in a storm. “I need you to come home. I feel… lost without you. You’re good to me, good
across the living room. He spreads his arms and before John understands what’s happening, his nose collides with his best friend’s collarbone. He drops his bag and returns the hug, inhales the familiar scent lingering somewhere between skin and shirt. He smiles.
With utmost care she sneaked up to the left of both doors and pushed the handle. Peeking into the room through the small gap between the door and its frame she could make out while tiles and sighed with relief. Nothing would’ve been worse than to unknowingly barge into the private space of the other (or rather, only) inhabitant of the flat.
And at that moment, right there in that hotel room, on the soft bed, staring at the ceiling, rubbing his forehead and feeling nothing but emotionally exhausted - right then, John wished for nothing more than to never have met Sherlock Holmes.
“Thanks for the input,” John said and winced, but then grinned up at her. They both chuckled. “But seriously, thank you for letting me kip here,” he added.
John shut his eyes and inhaled a deep, calming breath. "I can't help it, Sherlock. Not yet, anyway, but I promise I'll try to contain myself. I certainly won't jump you in your sleep."
Sherlock just shook his head no. When John’s gaze still reflected wariness, he sighed. “Not anymore, no. I’ll admit that it was, before I understood that even I am not superior to sentiment, that even I couldn’t block it out of my life forever. You won’t let me, John. I don’t know how you did it, but you--” he cut himself off, his words reduced to a stutter, and hung his head.
Right at the moment when he fell back into the cushions and closed his eyes, deciding to just ignore Mister Know-It-All wherever the hell he was hiding, the voice sounded again, close to his ear this time. "Come home," it said. "I miss you, John. I need you - just as much as you need me."
“The melody,” Sherlock explained evenly, “it’s you, John, your song. I wrote it for you a while ago, not knowing what it had to offer, what it wanted to tell me.” He inhaled a slightly shaking breath.
Sherlock,” he said, anger making his voice tremble, “it was one time, okay? One bloody time, and I only did it because you seemed so goddamn vulnerable, sprawled out on the couch, for once at peace with the world and yourself. At least, that’s what you looked like. I couldn’t resist, okay? That doesn’t give you the right to--”
Mycroft made a noise of disapproval. “My, my. Sarcasm? You’re even more insufferable than usual with all your
John flexed his shoulders and craned his chin upwards, suddenly seeming a lot taller than he really was, and glared down at Sherlock with demanding eyes. “Eat,” he growled at him, pointing at the food, and clenched his jaw tightly.
Sherlock pulled one of the plates to sit right in front of him, took the fork in his hand and dared to take a bite. He felt John watch him closely and when he turned his gaze to the left, he took in John’s slight, satisfied smile in pure contradiction to the raised eyebrow and questioning gaze he wore.
When Clara returned from John’s room, a bag full of his belongings in hand, she felt more than ready to leave. She hated it here. Oh, don’t get her wrong, it was a nice place. Bit stuffed and certainly not meeting her taste in wallpapers (and what was that yellow smiley-face doing there anyway? And were those
Sherlock blinked. "Desperately?" he repeated, and John wondered if he imagined the slight tremor in his voice.
The smile on Sherlock's lips spoke volumes as he crossed the room to envelope his lover in a tight embrace. "I've missed you, John, my John," he murmured into his ear and placed a chaste kiss on the lobe.
"I'm afraid it would end our friendship," he said after another long moment. "I don't want him to dislike me. I don't even particularly need him to love me back, but... I can't lose him. He means... everything to me, he's the reason I'm still alive."
“You ate half of the food I made you. That’s a huge improvement to the last couple of times. I’m proud of you, Sherlock, really, I am,” he eventually answered and turned around to take the remainders of Sherlock’s breakfast back into the kitchen. The detective just blinked stupidly at his friend’s retreating form, not understanding what John liked so much about seeing him indulge in something as mundane and dull as
Taking a deep breath, John looked the other deep in his grey-green eyes. “Then what is it?” He had to know, had to hear the words before he could allow himself to hold on to that faint glimmer of hope that was trying its hardest to bubble up inside of him.
Sherlock tore his gaze away and fixed it on his plate. “Unimportant,” he said, “I know you do and the reddening of your cheeks is evidence enough to tell me I’m right. Now, explain to me, John, why would you touch me when no one, not even I myself, can see, but wouldn’t let me touch you?”
John shivered just slightly, almost unnoticeably. Yet, Sherlock picked up on the tiny motion and filed it away in a folder labelled
"You're... throwing me out?" John was aware he was having a whinge, but he couldn't bring himself to give a flying fuck. Anger suddenly burned in the pit of his stomach. "What the bloody hell
"He needs you just as much, John. Without you, he'd probably be dead by now. Without you, he's lonely. He even told you that. Before you, he was all alone. Before you, there was no one to take care of him."
"Now you're just being irritable. I wasn't trying to offend you, I'm merely concerned about your health."
Finally, the good doctor twisted his body away from Sherlock again, and this time remained out of his reach. “Well, stop it,” he hissed, obviously distressed.
“Because I want to, John,” Sherlock said matter-of-factly, turning to look at him, but he didn’t take his hand away as if breaking the connection would mean much more than just that.
Returning to the living room and all but falling back onto the couch, he turned to face the backrest, drew his knees up to his chest and encircled them with his arms.
And once again, lying there in his hotel room, staring at the ceiling, his jeans unzipped and unbuttoned, cock still half-hard, Dr. John Watson wished for nothing more than to never have met Sherlock Holmes.
Mycroft opened his mouth to retort, but thought better of it. It wasn’t the right time to reprimand his little brother, nor the right place. Observing him, he noticed Sherlock’s sullen look, and the way his eyes gleamed with fear and regret and suddenly, he was scared for him, scared to see him cry again. So he did the only sensible thing he could think of, nodded at Sherlock and said, “It will be alright.”
And then, suddenly, he saw him, sitting with the woman who had visited him a while ago to pick up John’s belongings -- Clara. A coffee mug in his hand and a small smile on his face as he talked to her about something. She laughed and reached out to squeeze his wrist before picking up her own cup and taking a sip.
Sherlock groaned and tried to pull John back down to continue snogging him senseless, but the good doctor resisted. "Sherlock," he said, pushing the detective back into the seat with both his hands, and cleared his throat to steady his voice, "Sherlock, wait."
He looked down at it from the corner of his eye, his tongue still roaming Sherlock's mouth, moaning into the kiss. With a last suck on a hot tongue he sat back up, again just looking at his lover for a moment before taking the hot, swollen knob into his hand, appreciating the silky feel of it, the heaviness, the warmth. A bead of pre-cum had formed at its tip and John rubbed his thumb over it, smearing it across the glans.
“You’re not my experiment, John. Not now, not anymore. I want you to be part of me in every sense of the word,” he whispered into the empty darkness, loosening his grip around his knees and turning to lay on his back. He stared at the ceiling, his hands folded over his torso, sighing.
It was exactly the wrong thing for him to say at exactly the wrong time. "Oh, right," said John, smacking his mug down on the table.
Mrs Hudson had been the first to notice the plain silver ring on John's left hand and figure out its meaning. She even said something in the fashion of "Took you two long enough" and flashed a smile that was cross fondness and knowing. (Apparently, the walls weren't as thick as they'd thought.)
John blinked and tore his gaze away from his friend's demanding eyes. "I... I think I might... love you, Sherlock. As in being in love with you."
“But?” Clara pressed. “Did you expect Sherlock to show up like a knight in shining armour to rescue the princess? To come and snatch you away before you could leave?”
With a sigh, John put the cartons on the counter and grabbed his friend by the hips to push him out of the way. Sherlock stiffened. "Hands off," he demanded, startling John.
He didn’t hear the footsteps on the stairs, didn’t sense the presence of his friend, hovering next to him, didn’t feel the gaze locked on him for a moment, before John also closed his eyes and took in all of the precious tune Sherlock was playing, bathing in it.
Sherlock was staring. It was not much of a disturbance at first, but now John started to feel his scrutiny like a heavy weight against his skin, pressing, burning, making him sweat. John squirmed slightly, uneasiness spreading through his system. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply. He opened them to find Sherlock continuing to fix his piercing, probing, enquiring eyes on John. Unwavering. Unnerving. It seemed like he was focusing him with utmost dedication and determination, but whatever the reason was, John couldn’t quite fathom. Neither did he actually want to know. All he knew was that it was disturbing.
"Yes, for God's sake, somebody does," he snarled, and then bit his lip. There was an unpleasant edge to his voice and it echoed from the walls.
The rooftop, the call Sherlock had given him, the tears both of them shed. The plain black headstone in that graveyard. The miracle he prayed for every godforsaken day and night, the one that never came, would never come.
Without actually thinking, John jumped to his feet and raced into the sitting room. He stopped dead in his tracks as he stared at the back of a familiar tall figure standing at the window, playing the violin, eliciting the sweetest tunes from it, extracting cries of love and hope and belonging and
Clara pried the mug from John's tightly clasped fingers and put it on the table, then pulled him in for a proper embrace. "Hush, Johnny, hush. It's okay, it's fine. I'm here, I've got you."
The smile on his face froze as he swallowed hard and turned his head to look up at the person standing right in front of their table, looking at them wordlessly.
Despite his insides still feeling tangled and twisted with hurt and rejection, the good doctor offered a smile in return and gave her a nod of his head by way of answering.
Their conversation died quite abruptly as a tall shadow loomed over them and a pair of long legs, clad in dress trousers, framed by a long, dark coat, entered John’s peripheral vision.
He moved to get up from the chair but was stopped by his flatmate's hand on his shoulder, pushing him back down.
"How much longer are you planning to stand out there? Your tea is cooling." Sherlock's voice sounded from the other side of the door and John twitched involuntarily. Of course the madman would know he was standing here. John felt even more like an idiot. He shook off the embarrassment and inhaled deeply before he finally mustered up the courage to push the handle and follow his friend up the seventeen steps to the flat.
John, who had followed her into the living room, watching her every movement with enquiring eyes, gave a somewhat strangled laugh. “Oh, really,” he said, “he must’ve been In A Mood.”
John restlessly wandered the streets of London with no particular destination in mind. By the time he was tired and his feet were aching, he'd walked a solid 14 miles in five hours, from the City of Westminster through Lambeth and down to Croydon. At least that's what the GPS in his phone told him.
The ride was silent except for John’s occasional sighs. After a while, Clara couldn’t take it any longer. She cleared her throat and shot him a sideways glance.
John, sensing Sherlock’s discomfort, put a hand on his shoulder, trying to encourage him. He squeezed gently and smiled down at his friend even though Sherlock still didn’t look back up. “I, what, Sherlock? I need to know.”
“You’re not running away, John. You’re just putting distance between you and him. Distance you bloody well need
Correction: John would later very much hate himself, Sherlock, and the whole world for pressing the issue. "Get on with it."
When Sherlock ended and lowered his violin, John sighed contently, opening his eyes to look at his friend, smiling. “That was beautiful,” he whispered, trying not to disturb the peaceful cloak of stillness that surrounded them.
John felt like a zombie as he shuffled, yawning, into the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee. Last night had been dreadful.
"Are you going to sniff it or drink it?" he enquired, never having seen John admire a cup of tea this way.
" He bit his bottom lip harshly enough to draw blood. "God, Clara, I don't know what to do, don't know where to go. He just...he found out and threw me out and..." His breath hitched.
Despite Sherlock’s threats, John smiled and rolled his eyes in a friendly fashion. “Sherlock, I made you a proper English breakfast, and
A finger on his lips cut him off. "Talk to much? Yes, indeed," Sherlock said with a smirk. Then, his face serious again, he added, "I never did this, or anything remotely like it with anyone before, John. I haven't the faintest idea how it's going to work." He took a shaky breath before he continued, "But I do know that I want you, every last bit of you, and I want to offer you everything I have to give. I want you to have me. Mark me, make me yours. I need you to."
Sherlock, however, seemed to understand, seemed to know. He'd absorbed John's every reaction. A smile decorated those perfect lips as they touched John's.
“Sod off,” Sherlock growled and bounded across the living room to his favourite window, picking up his violin.
Sherlock was pacing up and down the living room, circling the armchairs by the fireplace and back to the couch, stepping on and over the coffee table, then around it. When he accidentally stepped into the remainders of his cold Chinese and the shards of porcelain for yet the third time, he grudgingly decided to clean it up.
His gaze lingered on Sherlock. On his long, pale fingers adjusting the microscope, to be exact. A violinist's fingers, graceful and thin, skin soft except for the calloused fingertips.
"The reason you left Baker Street almost two weeks ago was probably my snappish remark following your rather rude exclamation of 'Fuck you' - it was the last straw, so to speak. My reaction was uncalled for, and I apologise for that. Yet, John, do me a favour and try to contain your...
"You were staring at my fingers the day you stormed out of our flat, undoubtedly imagining what they would feel like on you. Even now, you keep staring at my lips, implying you wish to kiss me."
The blond fixed his eyes on his friend, took in the desperation reflecting from Sherlock’s gaze. Slowly, he opened his mouth to speak. “That’s all I ever wanted. I’ll always be your friend.”
A pair of lips replaced the wetness of John's tongue, kissing first, then sucking lightly. Teeth scraped over hot skin, making Sherlock moan again, having him turn his head to the other side to grant his lover a better access.
Pushing the door fully open she made to step inside, but paused. Her eyes fell to the shards of mirror glass on the floor and in the basin. Shocked, she dropped the bag she was clutching in her left.
John knit his brows together. He felt a feather-light touch at the small of his back, soon subtly morphing into an insistent one, applying more pressure, still slight, but unwavering. He glanced sideways at Sherlock, who was standing very close to him, so close, in fact, that their body heat mingled to a haze of all-enveloping warmth.
By the time Clara arrived and took a seat opposite from him at the table, John’s coffee was half empty and the one he ordered for her probably cold. She looked stressed out.
"John," the soothingly calm baritone lulled him again, "you said it yourself, John. You're lost without him. Perhaps that will be enough to go back home to him. Perhaps he even feels for you. Perhaps he is just waiting for you to make the first move."
Silence. Between them, even around them the busy airport seemed to quiet down. Time came to a halt as they simply looked at each other, one waiting, one trying to find his voice.
“Chances are he’s just going to give up on winning me back,” John said quietly. “Also, you’re making it sound as if we were a couple.”
She pushed the air she’d been unknowingly holding back out of her lungs in a relieved sigh as she opened the door to John and Sherlock’s flat and found the sitting room empty.
He gulped and looked back into those demanding green eyes (had they not been grey just a moment before?) and opened his mouth to say something. But words failed him, his brain wouldn't let him think of a proper response.
When he mentally stepped back and considered it, the silent bliss suddenly felt odd. Just minutes before he had felt nauseated and dizzy - hell, he'd been scared to enter his own damn flat. But now, with Sherlock sitting across from him, his eyes roaming John's face and body, no doubt making quick deductions and filing them away for later use, John was blissfully calm.
