“hmm?”
He wrapped up the class early, very early, twenty minutes short of the bell and let the students go on to their next without any homework.
He had been laying on his bed since three hours, no sleep whatsoever when he heard quiet footsteps outside the door and he held his breath for a second trying to figure if natasha or Clint were up to no good again.
“I missed you" steve said against his lips and Tony shivered as Steve ran his palms along his arms.
The next morning, Steve sat at the front of the bus as the students settled in their seats as he messaged Natasha that they were leaving soon and was startled when someone sat down next to him.
“I want you to be able to believe me when I say I love you and I know you are currently having a tough time with that and it’s okay.” Tony opened his mouth to argue but before he could Steve continued “we may fight, we will have difference in opinions but I want you to know I am not going anywhere and especially not because you now have a reactor” tony looked momentarily stunned and he opened his lips and closed them a couple of times not sure what to say so Steve gave him a long soft kiss that Tony just completely melted into his fingers coming up and wrapping around Steve’s shirt.
“ what started the panic attack yesterday?”
“ you can say that , he’s pretty shook up. Saw me in my uniform” he said
“Feel s'good don’t wanna move” he slurred and Steve kissed the top his head before pushing Tony’s head away to look at his face
“I want you to stay here till I come back. Can you do that?” Steve said to him and waited for him to respond but all he got was a nod so Steve waved to the agent who had initially called him out of his meeting and beckoned him over.
“They wont let me take it out, tell them I don’t need it" he slurred. His voice had slightly higher pitch to it and Steve wondered just how much morphine they had pumped into him .
The room was tense, not that Steve expected anything less. But it was downright chilled, the centralised air conditioning only making it worse. Steve hated the cold.
“I’ll be right back okay?” That he received a short nod for.
“Are you sure?” he asked and Tony giggled a little when Steve kissed under his chin before dropping him on the bed. He hadn’t realized his right arm had become numb from holding Tony for a while . He shook his arm out before he crouched down next to the bed, face to face with Tony.
“It’s fine, there is nothing she can do for it” he clipped through gritted teeth. Steve would think this kid would be more great full to Steve , after all steve was sitting on the bathroom floor with him to help him.
“When did he give it to you? Did he force you to take it?” Clint asked still level headed as Steve just stared at Tony’s face wondering how he had missed the blown pupils before.
Tony did call him almost every alternate day for the first week and then when Steve did get caught they had taken away his phone and his clothes .
“we are suspecting that they have access to some alien weapons. The kind Loki had with him last year when he invaded New York. There is a link somewhere and we have not figured it out yet. So we need you to run interference if anyone on our team is unaware of the effects these weapons have.”
“captain, are you also a part of this game?” she asked me, “no ma’am, think I’d rather take my time.” I said .
“oh, hi Natasha” pepper said, only just recognising her from the museum trip.
“My friends!” came the thunderous voice as thor walked in to take the seat beside Steve. He just plopped down and slung a leg over the side turning towards the rest of them , he had no regard for his safety or maybe it was because he  could fly.
Waking up post battle was never pretty, all the soreness and pain always catches up with you. Steve's arm felt heavy around my torso, and it was making my burns ache. As gently as possible I moved to push his hands away, but he just held on tighter.
He realized that as he graded the papers that his class had written two days back and Steve remembers Tony working on it while Steve had sat next to him at the island in the kitchen at the tower trying to get him to finish the food on his plate. He hadn’t even hinted he was having trouble with it and Steve has never really had to help Tony or be generally bothered regarding his school work because he was usually excellent at it. Genius and all.
“ I am serious , here come on lay down for a little bit okay? It’s been a really long day physically and emotionally, and it’s a school night!” Tony laughed out at that still not making a move
He looked up at clint locking eyes “what if I forced him into this situation? Tony never wanted to report stane and I forced him to do it . He was uprooted from his own house and we did all that without consenting him.”
“I’ll just wash my hands and let natasha know she can come back inside , we need to let the nurse fix your IV”
“He is Howard’s son? Stevie are you sure?” bucky said urgently and suddenly his face became pale. Both natasha and bruce moved forward to listen better
“How are you feeling?” Steve asked once Tony had managed to finish the last bite of his sandwich.
Steve placed the bowl back down scooting backwards next to Tony before gently manhandling him so that he was laying against his chest.
Steve knew what natasha was doing, easing the atmosphere. She knew him well enough to have figured out that something was very wrong just with Steve’s tone on the phone and would have been all over it asking questions if not for Tony tucked into Steve’s arms.
“There we go, good job. You did good” he said pulling Tony closer to him.
“what did you just say?”
“Not going anywhere, I am right here.” Tony’s eyes fell shut and Steve eased the mask back over his nose and mouth.
“Probably not going to be able to.” There was no point in cajoling or consoling tony because Steve knew he was a genius child and giving him straight answers were better than working around them.
Tony was sitting on the floor , cross legged ,into his phone , a towel around his neck and hair forgotten. Steve sighed as he crouched down and used the towel to dry his hair for him as usual Tony whined about it and Steve caught a glimpse of who he was texting with so much concentration.
“If you are stressed then you should run! why the hell am I running with you. And by the way you weren’t even running , I know this doesn’t even cover your warm up" steve smirked at him and he glared back
“What?” he asked still obviously angry now glaring at Steve. He took Tony’s hand squeezing gently.
“Nat, I am really happy for you. He is a great guy" she smiled but it was cautious and Steve understood why she’s been having sleepless nights herself.
“what's wrong?” bruce asked as he immediately started checking Tony over. Tony’s chest was rising and falling too fast as he stared wide eyed at the new people around him.
“No tony I am not, that’s precisely what I am saying. I don’t have any say in this matter” the fight left Tony’s body as he dropped his head into his hands.
“Its fine , Steve. We will speak to him soon enough. But where is he now?” Clint asked again and Steve realized he had zoned out in his thoughts.
“ hey" she called softly “ how is he doing? He was a mess when I last saw him" Steve smiled
“Hmm"
His eyes snapped opened as he came to a startling realization that he was not trapped under the water, but that he was sitting down under a shower. And the pressure weighing him down was a sleeping Tony he was clutching close to his chest.
“oh, then what did you mean? Who are you planning to tell?” He asked a little more calmly
Everyone knew Tony doesn’t do well when he is forced to keep still for long periods of time.  He was constantly fidgeting and drumming his fingers on his knees ,his legs bouncing in place one  hour into the speech. Enough that the other teachers started to take notice. Bruce nudges Steve from where they where all the teachers were standing at the back of the room keeping an eye out .
“you know why tony” he said running his fingers through his hair as they settled down. “But I want you to know, as long as you want it I want it too okay?” he gave a frustrated sigh trying to find a comfortable position.
Tony no matter how angry he was with steve , clearly relaxed his shoulders and carefully unbuttoned his shirt letting it hang around his shoulders. Steve tugged them off completely and Tony moved a little closer to Steve unconsciously as the bell of the scope was placed on his chest.
“it just is" he mumbled looking down and Steve dropped his hands to his arms
“I love you” he whispered and Tony just slipped out from the edge of the bed and onto Steve’s lap hugging him so tightly that Steve found it hard to breathe . He wrapped his arms around the smaller shoulders and tugged his chin up capturing the chapped lips with his own.
“I assume you guys have a plan?” he asked as he drank the last of his coffee and Steve shrugged
“oh sweetheart you feel so good baby, so so good" steve moaned as he pushed deeper.
“Feels good?” he asked once Tony relaxed
“you can say that" he said and Steve waited for him to explain as he took a bite out his sandwich. “you know Tony stark?”
"You are tired huh?" Steve whispered because Tony's breathing was starting to even out. "Do you want stay over tonight? You can tell stane you are sleeping over at a friends? Does he let you do that?" Tony was now mush against him ,pliant and content just laying against Steve's chest. It warmed his heart, as he felt Tony's eyelashes flutter against his skin.
He reached lower pulling Tony’s briefs off completely while his legs practically shook and Steve needed to reassure him and get him back to the present.
“For me? You are really letting me eat this? Won’t bruce be mad?”
“Where is he?” Steve asked looking around and he cocked his head to the left towards the docks where Steve spotted him sitting on the edge of the dock feet swinging over the water. Steve had an immediate urge to wrap his arms around Tony and pull him away from the edge but he clamped his teeth tight and made his way over taking deep breaths.
“No, nothing regarding that. But he did say the better the education I get the better the chances are that I will become a great CEO.” He said his chest puffing out just a little bit  in a show of pride.
“You know Mr Rogers, It would be really helpful if you shared with the class as to how you gained super healing abilities” Steve almost dropped his phone, eyes going slightly wide as he gawked at tony who was looking at him expectantly.
They sat in each others embrace for a while just staying close before Steve remembered that Tony was injured and he let him go pushing him away gently and Tony didn’t protest
“ we took Rhodes car"
“Yeah but a doctor can't magically heal a cut either.” he retaliated and Steve just wanted to hide from this boy rather than try to answer his questions.
But every ounce of hesitation vanished when Tony smiled at him dopily and Steve worried for a second that he was back on morphine.  But Tony reached a hand out and steve took it cautiously .
“no no no.”
“Bre-atthng" he said the word broken and Steve leaned down kissing him on his shoulder and told him how good he was being in between kisses. Tony responded beautifully to praises ,his breaths slowing and his chest finally expanding as his closed airway opened up for him to breathe again.
“I remember you being the same way" bucky said smiling , eyes lost in the old days “your ma was always worried because you would never rest and with you being sick all the time ,it was a real concern.” Steve chuckled remembering
“ Why does everyone keep talking about protecting me? I don’t need to be protected!” he said with a tinge of irritation
"Are you hurt anywhere? H-" there was knock on the door amd Tony jumped in his chair while Steve went to open it
He made his way to the cafeteria to catch up Bruce on his future absence .
“when are you leaving?” he asked instead and Steve assumed he was skipping whatever class he had now.
“that I don’t know about him and tony doesn’t know about me” he felt strained as he said it. This afternoon he was ready to push the kid away for his own good but now all he wanted was tony.
“Yup, you take after Howard a lot”
“Close your eyes, I am right here. You focus on my hand okay ?” He told him as he snuck his hand below the gown and drew gentle patterns along his back.
“You did, when you said I should go back with obie”
Steve sighed, this was going nowhere and Tony was becoming more and more defensive by the second.
“Steve are you sure?” was all natasha asked before hopping off the counter and Steve nodded “yes, I need aro"-"
Fury just sighed , and natasha pursed her lips. Clint for the first time had no expressions on his face and this irked Steve even more.
“Steve, you have to let us help you" bruce said softly and he was right.
They stayed out with the team watching a movie and dinner was a huge affair what with Clint ordering every food group possible.  Tony would have been used to large birthday celebrations,  what with being a billionaire and all that.
He lined himself up next to Tony’s smaller cock and almost came then and there when he realized that he could probably fit Tony’s entire length in his palm
“no, don’t touch me! Is he dead? Just tell me if he’s dead” Tony’s voice was trembling and broken and Steve knew exactly what was happening with him. He unfroze , running through the door that divided them , his heart breaking at the scene .
“Don’t” he pleaded and Steve stood stock still as Tony struggled to get the sheets untangled and finally throw himself completely at Steve. He buried his face under Steve’s chin , breathing in the scent of Steve’s freshly washed clothes.
“Let me just check your laceration on the back while you are here huh? How is that feeling?” he asked as he pulled Tony’s feet up onto the bed and spread his knees apart to see below his butt.
Tony looked anything but okay after he had said it out.
“Steve. Put him down, he can’t breathe!” she said trying to get Steve to do so but he shook his head stubbornly and held on tighter to the flailing genius
“What’s the point you always win" he said irritated and Steve stood up putting away all his dishes.
He just nodded his head seemingly not interested and spoke up "So I guess me and Steve are going to be taking this party to a whole new level now" everyone gave him a disgusted look while I blushed and followed him to the car. Well that was one way to say it's time to leave ,I guess.
Before his mind could process what he was doing he ran the edge of his thumb across the rim and prayed to the gods that Tony didn’t feel it because of the numbness from the ice pack.  When tony didn’t react , steve sighed quickly pulling his finger away and forcing his eyes to shift to almost healed laceration.
He hooked an arm below Tony’s right knee pulling it up a little so the wound wouldn’t be touching anywhere creating more discomfort.
Halfway through the shower, the almost empty tower echoed with the loud siren for the avengers to assemble. Wonderful! The enemy always the worst of timings. Last time the giant green blob monster had so rudely interrupted the best game of fireball ever played. I quickly dried of calling of the mark % as I exited the shower.
“You have fun?” he asked as Tony removed shoes and socks dropping them on the floor carelessly and crawling onto the bed.
“Yup, I just..” he trailed of sighing “I..” Tony was struggling to say whatever it is he wanted to and Steve turned his head towards tony his lips brushing against Tony’s cheeks and ears
“he knew your name” bucky deadpanned
“He is terrified, hates the catheter but otherwise he has been okay" steve told him as he studied Bruce’s face. He glanced at the clock, half past ten, it was not very late .
“Are you in trouble?” tony mumbled from behind his palm and Steve really didn’t know what to say
Tony stopped short a few feet away from Steve dropping his bag from his head gawking at him
“Get some sleep tony, I’ll wake you when it’s time to leave" he told him and tony shook his head
It took almost another hour for Steve to round up the meeting. Fury was annoyed for most of it, thanks to Steve's sudden disappearance. It had extended and wasted everybody's time.
“What are you afraid of honey?” he asked searching his face for any clues but Tony stubbornly shook his head no
He was snapped out of his mindless trance when Clint handed him a cup a coffee and pra tically dragged him to the simulation center where he could let out some of his steam. It didn’t help  because no matter how much he punched fake doombots or punching bags or Clint for that matter he couldn’t take his mind off of the thought of Tony needing him there and him not being there.
“Bucky, do you remember anything at all? Is someone controlling you, can you give me a name?” Steve asked sitting just out of reach from his flesh  arm. They had ripped the metal arm off, just in case and tossed it away from the reach of him.
“Steve I know you , you always do the right thing no matter what the consequences . Why are you hesitating?” bucky asked
“I-yeah , that’s fine . But what’s going on? Why cant Tony go home?” pepper asked turning to upraise Tony but now Tony was glaring daggers at Steve ready to argue and dent everything Steve was asking of them.
“you will have to take off your jacket sir"
“He is young and healthy otherwise. Just needs a little supervision in the area of staying healthy” the man said and Steve hundred percent agreed. From the time since they had become close Steve had learned that Tony had very little regard about his own health, a never care attitude that Steve was happy to intervene time after time. Somewhere along the way he had also realized that Tony was always going to be so much younger to him, and he would never get over the need to take care of the boy. He had accepted it, he just hoped that Tony wouldn’t get tired of it sometime in the future.
He knew there were shield agents walking by behind the glass doors of the balcony and it was not an everyday sight for them to see captain america cuddling with his lover under a blanket. But he ignored the stares he felt and pulled Tony closer to him.
“Good morning, Dr banner here told us that anthony has some very important news he wishes to share with us!”
“but we should probably fix his leg first" and Tony recoiled from clints touch on his thigh and Steve frowned at him.
“okay” Tony said his voice wavering but soft
He took a second in spite of himself to make sure he was steady, and walked over to the snacks table and took a cookie and took a bite Turned to us and grinned.
“Wha-?” Tony started to say but Steve had captured both of Tony’s hands stilling his fingers within one large hand of his and used the other one to comb through his hair careful not to mess it up.
“There is obviously something we are missing here" clint made a face , steve recognized that face immediately
“One spank from captain America will make you sure you don’t sit for a week" he said without thinking and Tony’s eyes widened , the tips of his ears turning red.
It took another forty minutes to catch thor up and Steve was happy to see the thunder crackling across the sky as they mentioned the abuse. Steve was glad that Tony not only had him but also the avengers team to protect him.
“I hacked into shield and called natasha to find out of you were okay" Steve smiled at him and placed both his palms on either side of his face and placed a soft kiss on his lips
Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet Tony’s and Clint was right ,his pupils were blown . Immediately kneeling down I’m front of Tony steve reached out to feel his skin , he was burning up.
He ran shaky fingers through Tony’s hair, not knowing where to start.
“Think he has really burnt himself down" she said giving Tony a long glance before leaving the common room.
His eyes scanned through the room noticing the junior agents , he pointed to one of them beckoning then over
“It’s not a fascination”
Going through it, there was one name that did not seem familiar, Anthony Edward Stark.
“It’s okay” he said so softly Steve almost missed it. Steve’s head was reeling, he had never seen tony show any kind of vulnerability and this was all too sudden.
Tony for his part looked absolutely terrified as he reached out for Steve again , raising both his arms towards him. Steve understood what he wanted but he couldn’t give it to him right now, not with all the things he was connected to.
“I told him to stay home" Steve said sighing.
“What?” he asked self conscious
“yes , not going anywhere.”
He sighed shaking his head following me out the door.
“Sweetheart, we haven’t even scratched the surface” he said smirking when Tony stared at him wide eyed and shocked.
Thankfully he reached for the one with shoes first, god knows what his reaction would have been if he had opened the underwear first. He pulled the box out and held it up frowning at him
"okay"
When steve did find the spot Tony all but screamed,  hips thrusting forward and fingers grasping the sheets and Steve sighed in relief “there we go, right there. You are okay baby, I got you” he repeated as he worked another two fingers in and stretched him open.
“I just like having you here with me, that’s all"
“Steve I am fine, I am right here" he said and Steve’s eyes snapped down to meet Tony’s,
“hawkeye! Holy shit, are you guys for real holy shirt” he said as he shifted on the bed now very excited, all traces of fear and fatigue erased.
“It’s ok” he said in a small tone for the first time showing vulnerability.
“its your turn to do something for me" he said as he walked out of the room and into the kitchen area and Tony looked at him with inquisition.
“I am sorry for yelling, not for what I yelled. I need to know that you are safe no matter what.”
Tony was awake staring wide eyed at the ceiling and grasping at his chest like he couldn’t breathe and the monitor connected to him was screeching loud enough to wake anyone on the floor.
I looked up, to Bruce examining the blinking reactor in hand.
“He is not going to be okay with that, I know, but if he stresses more then it would be harder on his recovery" steve disagreed with Bruce
If tony was already like this, Steve didn’t know what was going to happen next.
“Is it easily that obvious?” he asked
“ I am sorry for what happened yesterday I really am” he said as he looked down rejected from his own failures haunting him
“please” he mumbled again softly , his chin down , and Steve hated himself for falling for the tremble in his voice as he shifted to the bed. Tony latched onto him immediately, as Steve manouvered them both so they were lying comfortably against the mound of pillows, Tony’s head tucked under Steve’s chin and his fingertips tracing patterns on his arm. Steve wrapped a protective hand around his back, a large palm settling on his spine as he gently rubbed up and down. Tony wilted against him, tension leaving his body.
He gave an unimpressed  groan and Steve continued “he said you can leave the hospital today evening”
“Fuck.”
“I want to sleep" he said and it came out as a whine and steve didn’t get it, wasn’t he sleeping until he woke up?
"Hey hon-"
“Ow! Its biting me" he said shuffling to take it off and natasha bless her heart leaned close to them , used one to run through his hair and the other to hold his clipped finger hostage long enough for them to get a reading.
“Yo-“ tony started “blood, Steve there was so much blo- look on you!”
He shook his head in amusement as he went back to stacking the papers he had collected from his students when he suddenly realized something.
Tony had long eyelashes. Steve couldn’t help but stare as he slept through the afternoon lips parted slightly. He, on the other hand, couldn’t get even a wink of sleep as he lay awake fingers dancing across the pale skin of tony's thigh that was wrapped around his own.
“And then maybe we could try something again" Steve almost applied the brakes too hard
“pepper said tony is opening up to you,I thought maybe it was time to tell you, so in case he does come to you , you will be able to help him in the right way”
"anything for our sir,captain"
“don’t do it, you know what the boss said.” The other one cut in before the knife even came within hands reach of him and Steve sighed hanging his head.
A letter from cps, claiming that if Tony was being kept with them unwillingly then legal actions will be taken. But it didn’t matter, they just needed Tony to tell them about the abuse by stane and the team can be easily assigned as his temporary guardians. Well easily because shield will pull every string in the book to make it happen if he tells them to.
My eyes started to drift close before the song was over.
“oh, are you okay now? Did we check his blood pressure?” he asked looking at the nurse after tony nodded his head yes.
“I am kidding" steve said quickly “its good, I am glad you are trying sports”
When tony refused to answer, both clint and Phil silently left the room pulling the door closed behind them , giving the two some privacy.
Steve’s breath hitched when something suddenly occurred to him, he could remember the pleading voice as his sight had faded to blackness “tony? He was ther-“
“my mind does this thing sometimes , where it doesn’t stop. It’s too loud you know?” Steve had seen this before , he should have known this happens with Tony as well.
“Tony? Are you okay?” steve asked his boyfriend unable to quell the rising fear. Just as steve ducked to avoid a tail swing and run towards the area Where tony had gone into the waters ,iron man came flying out at a rapid speed leaving the water glowing a fiery orange from the reflection of his thrusters.
“I will go change into something more comfortable, why don’t you do the same and I’ll meet you here in a few minutes. Sounds fair?” He nodded after careful consideration.
“Mr stark please sit down, we need to make sure -“
“Where is he?” Natasha was buried under what Steve presumed were files they had on stane. It didn’t look like there was much. He knew most of it would be about the company and not personal information about the businessman.
He knew if Tony wasn’t on so much pain he would have definitely put up a good fight before Steve even touched his underpants so this was testament to just how much he was hurting right now.
“can you show her? Is that okay?” Steve asked him gently “it’s okay if you don’t want to” he added as he saw Tony’s hesitation.
He had really wanted to see tony first , but natasha was right, he needed to rely on the team to help each other and trust them.
“What?” he asked trying to look down at it like he suddenly remembered that it was there and Steve lifted his palm so Tony can see.
“Don’t you have a class?” Steve asked because he just couldn’t look at the saddened look on Tony’s face anymore. He knew he was being rude but Tony is just a teenager. These feelings will just pass on just as fast as they had come for him.
“I want you to be able to tell me what you want. I don’t want to hear what you think it is that I want to, are you listening?” he asked as he felt Tony nod .
“Thanks! Let’s catch a game soon yeah?” he said turning to where Tony sat.
Steve sat next to him holding his hands,  just to keep them still waiting for the sedative to take effect. Knowing natasha , she wouldn’t have given him something too strong , because he was already disoriented and it would only make things worse if he panicked.
“What?” natasha asked the question in everybody’s mind
“Okay,” steve leaned forward capturing his lips in a kiss.
“Sweetheart, come here" he said pulling Tony upright and settling him between his legs just like the night before.
“Yeah honey?” he asked as he watched Tony’s face suddenly lacking all the humor from just fee seconds ago
“I hope you will forgive me” he whispered in his ear as he nosed his way up Tony’s neck and his temple and Tony writhed beneath him at the words and Steve pulled away just enough so that he could see his face.
“He was a delight, very knowledgeable this one. He wanted to know everything about asgard but he did fall asleep after the minor incident” Steve was nodding along and when thor mentioned the incident he raised his eyebrows in silent question but he knew it wasn’t something too bad or someone would have definitely called him.
“What’s funny?” and Tony gave him another kiss ,this one was wet and Steve didn’t mind at all
“I didn’t want to push him, you should have seen him. He denied it till the last minute.” Steve said remembering how stunned Tony had looked when he realized that Steve had already figured it out.
“what do want me to say Steve? You know why I thought that, why I am thinking that" he deadpanned and the sudden anger in his voice was a relief to Steve, it was a much more healthy reaction than what Tony had been giving this far.
“I don’t know how long he’s been here though,” he said sadly and Clint patted his back reassuringly.
“are you still in pain?” He asked ignoring Tony’s first statement
“Can you skip gym? I need to talk to you" he asked and pursed his lips hoping Tony would give him the chance.
“No! I mean, I will never give up on Bucky as friends but Tony is the only one for me” he was shocked at how confidently that answer came out of him and natasha squeezed his hand
“you are okay, I have you" steve repeated again and finally Tony mumbled something that vaguely sounded like
“Why are you being so good today?” he asked him fingers playing in his hair trying to relax him
“If you are compromised we need to make sure we can reach you. This is a tracker” he said handing out a small object that resembled a button that you would sew onto your clothes.
“You know I can’t just let what you told me slide right?” to my visibly swallowed before looking down
“I am going to call someone to come pick l-" Tony sprung so fast up off the wall that not even Steve’s serum enhanced reflexes could have expected it.
Clint and thor were on breakfast duty. They had been gone for about twenty minutes with a promise of bringing back something for the rest of them. Bruce had already woken up  and showered ,it was one of the perks of being at shield medical,  all facilities were always available.
Steve’s rational side of brain stopped working “who told you that?”
“I am sorry, I am just angry and worried for you. This is not okay tony, how long has this been going on?”
“Cold, but I will be okay” he said honestly and Tony looked up at him smirking
Steve was having enough trouble keeping up with everything and adding this just made Steve’s head spin.
"Where's Steve?" I asked again.
“You didn’t make him eat yesterday after everything? He hasn’t eaten anything since we picked him up and don’t even try to deny it Tony, because you were with us the while the time and if we didn’t eat you didn’t either.”
“he will come around , don’t worry. And the things we have found out about the reactor is for him to share. He is still in shock but he is handling things very well" steve was not satisfied with that answer.
“We are going to talk, but before that happens I am going to check you over once more.”
Steve gave an amused smile as he went back to grading his papers. Tony was doing a lot better since they returned home one week back. A lot of things had changed since they had come back . The biggest being that ,in the time Steve had been captured, they had recruited Bruce to be part of a research scientist on shield . Which steve was so excited for because now he had another person he could finally talk to without having to be careful of what he was saying.
Steve watched the brunette storm out the door and stubbornly stood rooted in place forcing himself not to go after tony because he knew his anger was not something tony deserved just after what he had let steve do to him hours prior.
“Did she now?” tony nodded , as he snuck his way under the blankets and Steve wrapped an arm around his waist hiking him up just a little bit.  He Sighed contentedly when the teens warm forehead tucked itself against his neck.
“No” he said calming down slighting , his voice was gruff and Steve made him drink some water through a straw.
"We took my car, sir. We will be okay driving home" Steve's glare softened at that, he didn't want to be this kind of teacher who the kids were afraid of, he wanted them to be able to come to him if at all they needed the help.
And that confirmed Steve’s diagnosis. He turned to pepper
“I have one too, so that we can stay connected wherever you are" steve didn’t have the time to  appreciate so he gave him a quick kiss and left him standing on the bed ad he toyed with the other device in his hands.
“Okay, so I told Bruce ibam taking you home, they think you have food poisoning .” Tony made a disgusted face but followed him out to the parking
As soon as they were out the door, Steve gathered the boy in his arms , “I have you tony, you are okay. We are both okay” he said again and again using one hand to soothe the tremors wracking through his spine. Somehow he didn’t think about what he had just done, but tony didn’t seem to mind as he buried his face into Steve’s chest clinging on tighter. It suddenly hit him, that tony fit perfectly in his arms.
“Okay , If I show you that I am fine will that give you piece of mind? And you can rest for a while after?”
"whatever you are doing,is clearly not working"Clint quipped.
“he just needs some people he can trust, he’s young. He will cope” Steve said as optimistic but unsure of himself.
Steve had quickly pulled me towards the kitchen table sitting next me while Bruce and Clint occupied the ones opposite to us.
Steve eased him back to lay down as he slipped out from under him and Tony wrapped his hands around his
“hmm its inevitable once you snuggle with black widow with a hard on" he mumbled and Steve chuckled.
“I like your hair" steve told him and Tony ignored him for a second and then it seemed like he couldn’t anymore which made Steve smile. He reached for him tucking him beside Steve an arm wrapped around his shoulder.
“Did you pull me out of there just for this?”
Grabbing his jacket  and his bike keys Steve shut the door to his apartment, and headed to shield.
“Stane was afraid you would get hurt, and that’s exactly what happened. We are only looking out for you and he knows best what you need to protect you” he shook his head , biting his lower lip drawing blood and Steve wanted to stop him from hurting himself further.
It took a while for Tony to fall asleep , steve had to hold him down physically the entire time. Steve was going to miss this, he knew the moment tony was really tracking he was going to hate it all and be the most difficult patient possible.
“You did it all these days, it wont be any different.” Steve shook his head “everything is different, that boy was everything to Howard.”
“Something tells me we don’t have the complete picture. You said he was after the winter soldier” tony stiffened a little and Steve ran a free hand up and down his arm unconsciously.
“Show me that you are okay” steve sighed dropping his forehead against Tony’s for a second before pushing away to pull his shirt off.
He tasted sweet and steve really wanted more .
“The nurse told me you refused the shot" she said gently “you must be in a lot of pain”
Bruce frowned deeper “see that honestly doesn’t make sense , have any of you spoken to Bucky and asked him if he has any relation to stane?”
"Hey! What is going on here?" He asked firmly as Tony tried to push Steve's hands away to get to Ty. Steve glared at him until he calmed down but didn't back away. He kept an arm firmly against Tony's chest as he turned to glare at Ty. He looked even more smug if that is even possible making Steve want to roll his eyes at the overly smug teen.
“Thor do you want to cut the cake instead?” tony asked him a smirk playing on his lips at the excited god who was basically loomimg over tony.
Sorry for the delay in posting this chapter!
“Please?” he asked softly and Steve wanted to concede to that tone but the curiosity and worry won over. He pushed tony a little further back on the table and firmly held him there with his fingers wrapped around his upper arms.
Tony didn’t say anything as he fought to understand what they were saying.
Brown eyes opened to meet the blue ones only to find that they had turned almost black from lust and Tony found that he couldn’t stop looking into the perfect black of Steve’s iris.
“Not to mention he is just a kid , steve" clint waited until he looked up at him “I know he’s cute and pretty but are you sure this is the direction you want it to go in?” Steve wanted to roll his eyes, but clint as one of his closest friends had a right to ask.
“thank you" he said , smiling but internally unhappy and confused with Tony’s choice
"I am okay, just testing all your reflexes"
“Shit! Sorry" he said as he pulled back, shaking the ache out of his own wrist and Steve rubbed at his jaw.
“Either you let me have a look to make sure you are okay, or I am calling your parents to have a chat about your incident today.”
But it had been two days away from home , away from tony. I knew there was some sort of battle the remaining avengers were called in for. Which meant tony was busy fighting bad guys with bruce and thor, which meant I couldn't get in touch with him until the battle was over and the debriefing was done.
“you are up!” steve exclaimed mostly from surprise and she shrugged pulling her hair in a bun “kid is a furnace" she said and Steve frowned going over to see and he found that Tony’s cheeks were indeed flushed and he placed the back of his palm against his forehead to actually find it a bit warm.
He was sweating and his uniform was torn in so many places , there was no salvaging it.
“Steve he is a minor. What do you think you can do against the law? You cant just waltz in there and take him away"
Standing at their designated points, their weapons at ready, Steve’s heart lurched when he saw the man they were after. Clad in all black, his hair long and brown eyes that were unmistakably his best friend’s.
Five minutes later and natasha finally wins. “in your face clint" she said as the nurse pulled her needle out taping it with a hulk band aid. She ran her fingers over it to make sure it was secure and hopped up, from the bed patting a pouting clint on his head before heading towards us.
There was a frown that was plastered onto his face the whole time he was listening and when Tony sighed in irritation of how long this was taking,  the doctor shushed him and asked him to stay still.
Steve knocked on the door, before opening it. Tony was still sitting at the edge of the bed , but he had changed into the scrubs that were much too large for him. He looked adorable to say the least as he battled with exhaustion his eyes closing every few seconds.
“I am sorry “ he said his voice breaking a little
“We are at gastro pub on 99th" she said and Steve sighed in relief  it was only a quick ten minute drive from shield.
It was starting to get frustratingly hard to get straight forward answers from him , so Steve squared his shoulder, held a hand out and said “up you get, come on”
“I made this thing, its not the best yet but let me get it please wait just one second “ tony stumbled over his words as he ran out of the room and Steve stood tapping his foot the nervous energy getting to him
“okay, what do you think natasha said to obie?” he asked his shoulders tense as his mind mulled over all the possible reactions obadiah can have the moment he steps foot inside the house so that he can prepare himself.
Before steve could defend himself Clint spoke up and these moments were rare where Clint spoke with authority and a no nonsense tone and Steve has never been more glad he had these people.
“So I take it you guys know each other?” tony asked waving the unopened chocolate in the air
He guided them so Tony was laying down under him ,Steve's pants were straining at his hips and he needed them off desperately  .He put his knees on either side of tony straddling him and bent over him to kiss him.
"do you have sensors to check tony's temp?"
“I don’t want to anymore!”
She gave away no indication the anger that was no doubt boiling inside her.
The drive was quick enough, courtesy of Happy the ever skilled chauffeur who drove through the traffic with insane ease which almost had me jealous.
“Tony?!”
Tony nodded jerkily, he was unconsciously sitting up to see what was happening and Steve let him. He pushed the plunger releasing the liquid and Tony tried to move away ,but Steve held him in place tightly.
Secondly, Tony’s living arrangements had been a huge discussion. Steve had argued relentlessly with Tony about him staying at a ‘friend’s’ place for a while but he had been just as adamant as Steve. So after drawn out discussion , Tony had promised them that he would call the minute anything went amiss. Natasha had sided with Tony which Steve was unhappy about but her reasoning was fair.
“you will probably love thor’s and clints room , they have some really fun things”
“Phil spoke to medical, they say this is common form of drug. The fever is probably from the combination of whatever drug with the alcohol. He needs to ride it out. Or you can help him, if you know what I mean.” Normally Clint would have made an obscene joke but it spoke volumes how seriously pissed he was if Clint said it all with a straight face. Steve nodded his thanks before heading back into the room locking the door behind him.
For now Steve was content but he knew the anxiety would be back when Tony went back home for the night.
Steve pulled a blanket over the two of them and pushed Tony further into the bed. "I think you need to get some sleep. We will continue this once you stop looking less zombie-esque."
“Exactly, I cannot watch you get hurt again Tony”
“he is a little shy" Steve said loudly just to ease the situation and thor snorted and Tony scowled at him. Which reminded him ,Steve didn’t know if Tony had officially met thor yet.
“WHAT , no whyyy" he whined turning to face Steve
“I feel great!” And Tony’s frown only deepened
“Tony"
”you were doing it all this while, now you just know that you are doing it to protect him” she was right but Steve felt awful. If tony had been any older when the accident had happened, he may have even remembered Steve.
Steve doesn’t remember anything else, only remembers how Tony was mumbling about being scared and despite everything wanting obie with him here.
“Everything okay between you and your friends?” he asked raising his eyebrow as Tony’s glare was suddenly directed towards him.
“ he should be okay , just give him some time to recover. We have him on saline and need to monitor his urine output. We anticipate he will be waking up soon. Try to get him to drink as much fluids as possible when he does wake up. Maybe coax him into eating something, nothing too solid, maybe some pudding” steve nodded as the doctor continued “we have given him a dose of paracetamol for the fever. That should do, the fever seems mostly due to exhaustion . You guys did an excellent job with the wound so I wouldn’t worry about it" he said smiling at Steve.
“you are making this really difficult for me, please. Tony please “ he whispered “just let me help you”
“Tony let’s go, the train is here” she said as she turned and boarded and turning around only find that Tony hadn’t followed her.
“I am going to give you three options , one- you can let me call your guardian. Two – I tell the school counselor and you can talk to her or three – you let me asses this injury of yours , and we can see about if you want to talk about whatever it is that is going on either with me or with anyone that you are comfortable with.”
“Calm down baby, I am very happy you enjoyed it. But honey listen to me .Right now , child protective services are going to be looking into your life very closely and this is something I should not be doing to you, you are still a minor Tony. If they find out, if stane finds out things will not be good  okay?” tony nodded but way too eagerly for Steve’s liking. Steve knows he is young and doesn’t understand the repercussions but he really needed him to.
“where to?”
“Come on baby, help me out here. Tell me what’s happening" he looked pale and Steve was getting worried
“pull yourself together come on, it’s going to be a long day" she told him patting his back. No coddling , no promises just the facts because he needed to focus .
“I am alright,  thanks. I am sorry I ruined it” he said again but this time he sounded a little less afraid of what Steve might think and a little more confident.
Steve froze as he realized the students were coming back inside, he wanted to run back to Tony hold him close tell him that’s it’s all going to be okay but didn’t know what it would look like to the students coming in.
“I will, take a shower and meet me in the sparring room in twenty. You need to let off some steam” she said and he nodded as he watched her go still calm but he knew she was shaken a little because steve had never lost control like this ever before. This was new to all of them.
“I know that, but it’s been more than two years and I haven’t once been able to even…its embarrassing”
“Off?” he asked gruffly , all the water they made him drink and his voice was still rough. Steve eased the mask off his face and gave him a soft kiss , just a touch really.
"Phil spoke to medical. We should do a blood test, but they don't think it's anything bad since he doesn't have any other symptoms. He just needs a little attention if you know what I mean" for clint of all people to be saying that with a straight face, steve knew how pissed the archer was.
“Can you get someone to draw some blood? Let’s figure out what this is.” Clint said to Phil knowing he will take care of things on that end.
“take this off” he said tugging on his briefs and Tony balked.
“so the best way to avoid gym is by sitting out in the hallway?” Steve said and Tony defensively picked out a hall pass for the nurse from his pocket and showing it to him said
Steve was honestly embarrassed to hear about his capture from thor because there was always this unspoken competition between the two about their strengths.
“I am alive aren’t I, how bad can it be" he countered and unconcious to himself, tony was slowly easing up on his breathing as Steve distracted him with the turn of conversation.
“Oh ,if you are going to be grouchy then no good news for you" he said dropping the cup into a trashcan and he walked to the bathroom to wash his hands thoroughly before going to Tony .
“Simpsons is not a cartoon for kids. Its basically for adults"
He was halfway through his second plate of something before he realized that Tony had actually not touched anything and was just smiling at him watching him eat. Suddenly self conscious he placed the plate back down and frowned at him
“we will bring you both a little something to eat” Steve was grateful to these two, they all always looked after each other but always knew where to draw the line or what would tip one another off.
“Tony was already here drinking , when we came no one asked us anything. I think its because Tony tipped them a lot of money" Steve pursed his lips and took a deep breath. He knew this age all too well, he couldn’t really blame them for wanting to do these things but yet it irritated him that Tony was making these choices.
“Okay , gather around!” Steve yelled turning back towards the students de boarding
“ it hasn’t bothered me before , but with Tony , everytime I embrace him he disappears within my arms , I don’t know how to explain it" he said trailing off
“Yeah! Obie said I don’t have to go boarding school” the relief on Tony’s face was palpable amd Steve was so glad to see it. “Did you have something to do with it?” he asked suddenly frowning at Steve
Tony curled into him even more and he sighed , a long drawn out tired whine escaping his lips as he tried to get comfortable again.
"You just made me pay for a chocolate bar from vending machine which you are apparently not eating?" Steve said raising an eyebrow as Tony struggled with the seatbelt. Steve sighed reaching over and tugged on the belt to get free from where it was stuck.
Tony apparently hadn’t even noticed that Steve was here. The closer Steve got , he realized that Tony was watching rhodey s every move looking somewhat mesmerized.
“Do you remember the conversations we had?” he asked and wasn’t surprised when Tony shook his head. He sighed and adjusted his grip on Tony who was slowly sagging down unable to hold himself up anymore.
“what’s going on?” She finally asked sitting down on the single couch. Steve sat them both up, holding the blanket securely around Tony’s shoulders
“What are you doing?” he asked trying to take a step back but realized quickly that Steve had back him into a corner against the wall.
“I would never do that to you” Tony seemed to know that and yet he was hesitant in nodding “I just want to make sure you are okay” Steve was aware he sounded like he was talking to a child but tony seemed so young at the moment cowering in the depths of Steve’s large couch.
“What do you need to talk about" he asked cocking his head to the side
“You leave that to me, okay?” he frowned but nodded and Steve lowered his hand from Tony’s hair to his back and didn’t stop until they were resting just below the swell of his cheek.
“not many, the principal, a few guys on the board and me” He wasn’t sure if that helped him feel any better or just made it worse.
so when they standing hand in hand, casing the area based on some intel they had gathered he hadn’t expected to see tony and pepper taking the subway as well.
“Why didn’t you wanna do it?” he asked as Tony finally broke out of his timidness clambering up to Steve’s side until steve was forced to wrap his arms around him .
Steve caught him to stabilize him before he could hit the ground but Tony flinched ,even of it was just a slight flinch , it was definitely there and Steve immediately let him go frowning.
“He just fell asleep" steve complained but Bruce was not going to leave anything to chances.
“Tell me what is happening" he has never lied or kept information from her, it had been very hard to trust her but once he did come to trust  Steve found that sharing things with natasha was the easiest thing for him.
“tony, do you want us to remove the restraining order against stane so you can see him?” that was somehow something Tony had not been expecting, he let out a short whine tugging his hand out from under Steve’s fingers
“Natasha probably hates me, I don’t want to go" he whined
“hey” Steve said smiling cautiously as he pushed Tony’s matted hair out of his eyes.
“Why are you making me do this?” he was irritated and jumpy at the same time .
“who asked you to be all sweet to that girl , because of you I didn’t watch the stupid ball coming at me" he said haughtily
“He is not going to like that" clint muttered and Steve agreed.
“why shield?” as asked as pulled on his pants
“No?”
“Really? You knew my dad?” and Tony was excited all over again.
He didn't however have much time to think about it because he had been roped into a meeting the next morning , that was already on it's third hour now.
“Open your eyes sweetheart”
“It was his idea actually,  he said he thinks he can improve on it, and that means he would need constant access to it.” Now that did make a lot of sense but Steve felt uncomfortable at the idea of Tony toying with the thing keeping him alive. Not that he was not capable,  but Steve still saw him as the much younger boyfriend who cried because he had a catheter inserted.
“you don’t want that now , do you?” he asked
“Fine" he said looking out the window
“I am fine” he said rolling his eyes as he took tentative steps towards the door.
"Tony?I am going down to the common room to get breakfast,the rest of the team is already there. join us as soon as you are finished here,I'll make you a plate "
Tony didn’t look disappointed, infact it seemed like he expected it. But that wasn’t surprising because Steve had made it very clear to him that Tony was still too young for this.
“Yes , the child of Howard stark” He conformed and thor not so subtly leaned towards Natasha and whispered (again not so quietly, not that it mattered because Steve has enhanced hearing) “I thought we were to keep the young man a secret from the captain?”
“ how was everything at home last night?” Tony perked up at that smiling genuinely
“I know you did, but it was my responsibility to say no" he said sighing and pursing his lips
He stood out in the hallway for a few more seconds and only entered again after he was sure he wouldn’t scare tony. Tony was standing by the window, swaying ever so slightly exhaustion catching up to him.
Tony’s breaths completely evened out in a few minutes and Steve eased the mask off his face. He carded his fingers through Tony’s hair just holding him close. He wet the cloth in the bowl of water they had placed and wiped the grime and soot off Tony’s face.
“Steve calm down –“ Natasha began but he was really in no mood for it
“No don’t want to" and for once Steve just let him be. He thought tony had fallen asleep after a few minutes of silence when his quiet voice startled him
“that's what I was doing before you woke me up" Tony grumbled rolling his eyes
Each of the nurses sat down by our sides as clint explained to them about their bet and that they were to start the draw at the same time.
“You bought shoes?” He asked as he opened the box and then his eyes popped just a tiny little bit when he saw them “wait , they are for me? Cause these will definitely not fit you” steve chuckled as he watched Tony pick one up holding them like he wanted nothing to do with them.
It took seven hours of continuous battle with the sqiggles, yes that's we decided to call them ,to finally figure out that the radiating material was the key to kill the seemingly endless energy these things had. It was absorbing energy and releasing the energy in a continuous cycle, the radiation destroying what it came in contact with. Including my suit of armor. It burned away most of the left side of my armor including the face plate. Leaving by an ugly red burn in it's wake. But there was no time to stop and dwell on it , the squiggles were now approaching the community center where all the civilians had gathered for safety.
“don’t be mean, you know I suck at this" he said sadly and Steve looked down on him , a thought suddenly occurring to his mind that Tony was actually doing whatever Steve asked him to without actually put up much if a fight .
“Yup, because muscle man here is making us concentrate on our mission, urgh" clint whined and Steve threw a piece of bot at him which he dodged easily enough
She rolled her eyes at him, turning to see Clint who was approaching them. He was thoroughly enjoying himself , Clint had a playful personality and he fit right in with the kids, Steve was almost jealous at how effortlessly he had been accepted among the teens.
“I thought you were hungry” steve said as he licked the spoon he had just eaten yogurt with.
Let me know :)
“Look steve I am flying!” steve felt helpless looking at him, worry and amusement taking it toll on Steve as he smiled back blandly at his lover.
Tony was sweating by the time they sat down. He had been adamant about walking without a break even when Steve insisted they sat down for a while.
“meaning , the next time rumlow decides to drug you and he succeeds are you okay with that?”
“Okay, what was that?” he asked settling at the table and noting all strewn documents on the table amongst lot of empty mugs of what he presumed was coffee.
His concern was suddenly replaced by annoyance as he turned and motioned for the agent who gave him the phone to hand him some car keys.
“these things happen more often than not. But its nothing I cant handle okay?” Tony nodded wrapping his hands around Steve neck and Steve pulled him a little closer allowing Tony to rest his cheek on Steve’s chest.
“yeah you are doing dang good job of it” steve mocked
“ pepper and me are just really good friends. We kissed once that’s all"
“Sweetheart, it’s not forever. It’s only until we sort this out. We catch stane in whatever act he is doing and then next year you really do turn eighteen and everything including the mansion is yours and I promise you honey that nobody is taking away anything from you" he told him and Tony was stubborn but things were finally starting to seep in and the fear was beginning to stake claim in his mind.
Tony hesitated for a few moments his eyes darting up to meet Steve’s.
"Could be, But he's never this tired. And he's been seemingly tired the whole week. And not to mention today at the party he wasn't exactly himself either." Bruce explained. All of us nodded in agreement looking at tony who was trying very hard to ignore all of us.
“Because I don’t want someone walking in” he told him casually but Tony caught on to the tension in his tone
The whole team was sat down in the common room, only tony was missing .I had promised not to hover if he ate his entire breakfast this morning. That was the only push he needed to polish his plate clean. He had finished eating with little fuss and had gone down to his lab immediately after and was yet to emerge. Bruce had made sure to eat lunch with him today in the lab.
“Tony,  I need to feel.” He said pleading for permission but knowing it would confuse him,  he hinted by untucking his shirt from the belt and trailed his free hand under the shirt feeling the warm skin as Tony's breath got shaky.
“want to know something?” He asked as he reached down to his cock , stroking just lightly on the outer side. Tony’s breath hitched as Steve’s fingers travelled down along the shaft to his balls and back up.
Tony pushed off of him making his way to Steve’s room , carrying his new shoes on his shoulder like It was a burden and Steve headed towards the kitchen to get him something to eat. He found some fruit flavored yogurt and he cut up some sandwiches natasha had labelled and left for them inside the refrigerator.
Tony followed, taking his bag with him
“ sweetheart, I am really sorry.” He said breathily ,barely above a whisper against Tony’s lips and before Tony could process he captured his lips again. Tony pushed him away though and Steve didn’t want to but he let go of Tony’s thighs , arms going higher ,skimming over the soft flesh of his hips and settled above his waist . Tony shivered a little and pulled the covers tighter around himself.
That was something Steve had thought of before, but weighing the options, he rather have Tony safe.
Tony didn’t seem to be too disturbed by the accusation from natasha but Steve on the other hand was and had been planning to give her a piece of his mind when she came back.
Steve asked searching his face for discomfort and once he got the nod he went all in capturing his lips.
Tony didn’t answer , the panic settling in at what Steve was implying and Steve waited, he waited so patiently ,his own heart racing as he leaned down to kiss him anywhere and everywhere his lips could touch. Tony didn’t fight him this time and Steve asked him again
“you can’t make me stay here, I have to go home. Obie will be back soon and-" steve tightened his hold on him elbow as Tony spoke with sudden hastiness.
“ wait, what?” he asked practically on his knees now.
He gently pushed Tony down with a hand on his abdomen, his fingers slippery with Tony’s spend and he pulled out with a resounding ‘plop' because of the excess lube Steve had lathered him with. The sound mostly drowned by Tony’s sob.
Bruce swallowed loudly leaning against the bed “why hide it?” steve shrugged and Bruce raised an eyebrow
"Come sit here" Nat said gesturing to the couch space next to her. Tony made no effort to move.
“Okay, what’s this new element and how is that going to fix things?” he asked eyes drifting to Bruce and back to Tony
Steve shook his shoulder a little to keep him awake
“thank you”
“Yes and no" steve smirked at him raising his eyebrows
Steve thought he wouldn’t be able to actually sleep that night. But he hadn’t slept well these past few days and finally having Tony so close to him, he found that he could .
“How did this heal so fast?” he asked again, but the look in his eyes was so pure and the curiosity on his face so genuine all Steve wanted to do was just tell him the truth.
“I want to go home" he said softly and Steve sighed pulling him closer. Tony dropped the shoe in his hand in favor of wrapping them around Steve’s waist.
“because she’s kinda scary.”
“Okay?” he asked him gently supporting him as Tony leaned his head back against his chest nodding.
“Of course sorry natasha" thor said slapping a hand on his shoulder which almost had the bowl she had in her hand tilling over and she glared at him.
Tony shook his head and pursed his lips unwilling to do so
“what time is it?” he asked as he looked around for any clue.
“Did you take something?” he asked holding his gaze
“Its really not that bad. I’ll show you. Just don’t call anyone.”
“its bleeding!” he said as he watched the tiny amount of blood and urine flow through the tube. Steve covered him up and pushed him down on his back., adjusting the pillows so he was propped up just enough.
"I will see you at three tomorrow." Fury said dismissing them all. Just as he left the room, his eyes immediately fell on the commotion happening in the room opposite to theirs. The one where he left Tony.
Pepper hesitated for a moment and fidgeted nervously before she said “we were kissing in the men's room and the next thing I know Tony says he cant breathe and I told him I will call for help but he said it would be okay , and that I shouldn’t. So I tried to help him but I didn’t know how and then I came to get you.”
“I am not feeling well , so I need you here with me" he mumbled and Steve carefully pushed him away to read his face but he didn’t see anything there other than the sudden sadness that seemed to have taken over him since he came back from the men’s room.
“When was the last time you slept honey?” she asked and he made a distressed sound and natasha didn’t push him. Instead she turned to Steve to tell him him to lay down with him. And withing seconds he had Tony in his arms and his face facing away from both of them ,tucked into Steve’s chest.
“Is that him?” Natasha asked pointing to tony subtly with his chin as they both stood casually  leaning against a wall as the students all crowded around the exhibits. Steve wasn’t surprised but he still had to ask
“get your head out of the gutter" Steve said rolling his eyes as he brushed Tony’s hair of his forehead but Tony pushed up on his chest onto his elbows as he raised a suggestive eyebrow at Steve.
"But I promise you are the cutest of them all" steve teased. Tony smacked him on his chest and whimpered when he realized he had used his injured hand.
“There is a lot of air in the room, all you have to do is follow my breathing okay?” Steve coached him as tony slowly started listing forward , he used his other arm to stabilising him , holding him upright.
he walked back and forth a few times trying to calm himself down enough to face tony again. The door opened , Natasha walking out shutting the door closed softly behind her. Steve really envied her, he wished he could control his emotions as well as her.
“How are you feeling, really?”
“I’ll take out the cannula,only until he falls asleep again. This level of stress is not good for him" bruce said pulling the tube over Tony’s head and Tony all but threw himself over to Steve while natasha quickly unhooked the bag from the catheter to keep it from tugging.
“He tried to jerk me off once and I came too soon and he got so angry” deep breaths. Tony is currently sitting on Steve’s lap and is perfectly fine, Steve had to remind himself over and over.
“Steve! Looks like we are back in this hell hole huh?” Bruce said sitting down at one of the cafeteria tables putting down his tea and I joined him with a coffee.
“This was a purely coincidental happening, no one knew Tony was going to be there with his friend.” Natsasha stated but stane was fuming at Steve .
“it took a lot of convincing to let stane bring tony here, he finally agreed with one clause-“ Natasha started but Steve knew where this was going
Tony , seeing bruce only panicked a little. His movements turned jerky and Steve knew he was about to have a panic attack. He was somewhat sure it was because he was worried what Bruce would think seeing them like this.
“Its my birthday, I am supposed to get what I want" he said pouting and Steve pulled him up to his knees and hugged him.
“How about you change as well?” he said pointing to the scrubs
"ton-"
Somewhere between half the sandwich and the movie getting over , he was out like a light, sandwich held loosely in his hand and his head falling on Steve’s lap. Steve removed the half eaten bread from his hands and put it on the plate and went back to running his hands through Tony’s hair again .
“he let you do it?” steve jumped slightly at the voice, turning behind to see natasha at the door and he smiled gratefully at her.
“I need to get away for a while.” He sad sitting on the floor hands clenched in his hair as he tried to control his breathing
“Absolutely! That kid looks like he’s about to pass out though. Not sure what’s going on with him. Got him on the sidelines anyway. He's not playing today"
“You are not the only one who got permission to go home. You can either sit here and sulk or come spend your last day with me” he said holding up the other letter and Tony’s eyes went wide as he quickly got up following Steve out the gym and into the parking lot.
“oh sweetheart” Steve melted against him chest touching chest his hand still pressed firmly but flat over his nipple. He caught the blush on Tony’s face just before he managed to tuck into Steve neck. The sudden realization of what he had just done did not help his growing erection. He groaned inwardly slapping himself in his head.  Tony all but sagged in his hold his body trembling  and Steve didn't know if it was from pleasure or fear.
“honey come on let me see" he pleaded as he pulled
“I would watch my mouth if I were you or it could land you in detention" steve smirked pulling Tony in for a hug ,slotting his head under his chin while tony snorted.
“You showered? How long have you been up? Why didn’t you wake me?” steve knew he was already feeling incoherent and he spoke quietly to him
“This incident would have never occurred if tony was not here in the first place. And he sure as hell wouldn’t have stopped to greet his teacher in the goddman subway if you hadn’t enrolled him into the same damn school as this man” stane wouldn’t even meet his eyes, just pointing fingers while he glared at Fury.
He waited till everyone had taken their seats and scanned the class to re familiarize with all the faces.
“doing okay?” he asked as he tucked the blanket he carried with him around Tony and himself as he sat behind him.
“No I am serious, all the records are under a different name and whatever this tech is , it is advance enough that Howard wouldn’t have wanted it in the wrong hands . There is a very really possibility that they hid it from him simply because he was too young to keep his mouth shut about it.”
Tony resisted, trying to turn his face away , “relax for me tony, it’s only there to help you.” It took a little bit of coaxing on Steve’s part but eventually tony settled against his chest, exhausted. His breathing slowed down drastically and Steve eased the mask off his face after a few silent minutes.
“Stane, you are being irrational.” Fury began but was cut off by stane “no, I am being a realist. The job you do is by no means a walk in the park. I will not have my godson prancing around with you lot , only to get a call one day that there has been a tragic accident.”
“You want to eat something before you sleep?” he asked shaking Tony a little knowing he was getting drowsy
He popped it open and let his fingers linger around the next one waiting on Tony's permission .
Steve leaned down and kissed him softly and Tony giggled again “are we going to have sex?” Steve’s face was red as he heard bruce choke and almost drop the yogurt he was carrying .
“what if I don’t want to answer them?”
“I got you baby. Think you can take a deep breath for me?” tony took a stuttered breath loosening his grip around Steve’s neck
“ don’t fall asleep yet, we need to clean up” he chuckled as Tony cuddled closer trying to get comfortable.
“You told us to write a five page essay. “ Oh yeah, he did tell them that
Steve's POV
Natasha came in with ice chips and held it out for Steve to take as she silently settled down beside them lost in her own thoughts. Tony surprisingly didn’t fuss about the IV and did mostly okay as long as Steve was there next to him . He fell asleep quickly after steve force fed the ice chips to him.  Natasha broke the few minutes of silence they had sat in after watching Tony sleep
“uh um okay?” he said like he was saying only to please Steve
“Tony is not going back to the mansion.” He said firmly and Bruce sighed pulling out his phone and starting dialing
Same Tony who has very strictly told Steve to stop hovering which included making sure he eats his food ,which by the way he was not doing.
“Steve”
“You don’t have to bribe me you know" he said when he was halfway through and Steve stilled his drumming fingers
“I don’t want to go with obie. I’ll stay here with you. Did the doctors check you over?there was so much blood, did they see where it was coming from?” he was saying and Steve’s shushed him wrapping a hand along Tony’s head essentially covering his ears.
“look at me when I am talking to you Mr. Stark" and Tony’s eyes snapped up at the authoritative voice
“is he okay?” Steve asked scanning the cafeteria hoping to find the familiar face and when he didn’t Steve turned to Bruce with worry “he said he is fine, was exhausted. I sent him to math, I think they haven’t been let out yet”
“believe it or not this is not the first time” clint said grinning and Steve knew he was referring to the drugged incident .
“Okay”
“Bruce gave you anti anxiety meds a while ago, you are okay” he told him and Tony frowned
“Since the tape of you dying, Tony was an absolute wreck and Bruce was here with him the whole time” right, he had missed a lot In those three weeks.
“Well, this is the worst of it. It stopped bleeding but it is really sore though” Steve said pointing to a long scar along the side of torso that had been the source of “blood everywhere” as Tony had put it.
I have no prior experience to writing , and had no idea how hard it is to actually write! So I want to just appreciate everyone out there who is doing it and doing it sooo much better than me!!
“let him in, else Clint is never going to hear the end of it" he chuckled as he heard arguments outside the door.
"oh look!Iron ass fainted!" I heard Clint say and I wanted to give him a snarky response but my brain still did not seem to have a handle on things.
“Yeah, it’s me buck.” Steve’s sigh of relief gave the all clear for the rest of the team to walk over dropping their stance.
“Bike is fine” he mumbled.
“Baby, we will both sit on the bed what do you say?”
“Okay how about you tell me what you think is going to happen?” Tony wouldn’t even meet his eyes but Steve waited with the utmost patience until his eyes finally settled on a spot beside Steve’s head.
“what does it feel like with women?”
“I don’t know why I would say that” he said quietly and Steve had pretty good idea that he did know and just didn’t want to admit it
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve shifted and let Tony go after giving him a tight squeeze, “ let’s go get something to eat yeah?” he asked swinging his legs over the side of the bed to get up but Tony caught his hand and tugged on it so Steve would fall back on the bed
“I won’t ask what your relationship with him is, but I have to ask you this , do you really trust him?”
"Tony? Just lay still for a minute okay? What's going on with you?" Steve looked like he might burst into tears from worry. I pushed at their hands more firmly and sat up.
“Then , do you agree that something has to be done about this?” Tony nodded and Steve smiled at him sadly wondering if he had scared him too much. But he was not lying and Tony needed to hear it.
“sweetheart, I got you. Breathe for me honey" he said softly and Tony’s fingers  fisted in his shirt as he relaxed against him.
After today, Steve really did understand stane’s side of things. It’s not about protecting tony from the dangers of what surrounds Shield but what surrounds and comes with captain America.
“it’s fine, I told you there’s nothing you can do for it . Let’s just go back to the exhibits.”
"He keeps me on my toes" I shrugged. I waved at the waiter to give me some scotch
What he saw was definitely one of the most adorably moments he had had with Tony. He was half sitting , half sliding off the counter next to the basin toothbrush in hand , eyes closed and cheeks flushed from the hot shower. He only had a towel around his torso , his pale skin a stark contrast against the black marble of the counter.
Steve’s face contorted as he realized that that would mean Tony’s now smooth chest , would be stuck with something permanently in the dead center of it. He wasn’t sure if Tony had even processed it, but he knew Tony had hastily agreed to everything because he feared for his life.
"Is everything alright with Ty ?" He asked pepper and she finally cracked a small smile at him nodding
“Tony…” Steve sighed wanting to explain why it was wrong , why it wouldn’t work
“Yes, feeling a little better actually after tallying to dr.shaw.” bruce knew there was more coming as he waited patiently to hear him out
“Bucky” oh.
“I know  you didn’t , we all know you didn’t. We are just trying to figure out if he was keeping tabs on you without you being aware of it" he said gently and Tony’s shoulders fell as he relaxed back into Steve’s hold suddenly finding himself seeking the comfort.
“I am not sure” he said as he turned back to Tony
“You good?” she asked and he nodded once taking in a shuddering breath as he tried not to jostle Tony too much.
Tony didn’t speak for a whole minute and Steve thought, good. Maybe atleast now his too young lover understands how Steve has been feeling. And soon as he thinks that he feels immediately guilty that he wanted tony to understand it.
“Few things before we do this okay?” Tony nodded shakily and Steve ran his fingers through his hair to keep him grounded as he spoke
“I liked it when you called me sweetheart” he mumbled
Must be a new student then , Steve smiled to himself and walked on to his first class which would begin in ten minutes. Which meant he had ten minutes to get his desk in order.
His eyes roamed the small space before it landed on a pair of feet sticking out from behind the counter and between the bathtub.
“Steve you can put your shirt back on, we have seen it all" she said distracting Tony as he turned to look at Steve as he slowly put his shirt on knowing Tony will be watching and the longer he takes , the longer he will be distracted .
“Tony? Tell me what’s wrong , I’ll do everything I can to help, you just need to tell me” she said cutting through his panicked haze. Tony immediately Shuffled away from Steve and towards natasha. Steve pretended it didn’t hurt. But he knew why Tony was afraid
Tony yelped, clinging to him as Steve let the shock of the ccold water hit them both before pulling Tony onto his lap as he settled down on the floor allowing most of the water to fall directly on tony.
“Stop that, it’s not as crazy as you think" steve laughed
Thirty minutes later Steve decided to save Tony from a back ache after sleeping on the desk. He locked his door and walked over the lightly snoring teen.
"Jarvis?"
Clint chuckled as he helped tony throw all his limbs around steve as he mouthed “morphine” over Tony’s head and Steve smirked as he wrapped his arms around his genius lover.
“Okay, I hope you are aware of the low budget” Steve nodded as he flipped through the notes Phil had brought with him.
“okay” tony said not taking his eyes off of Steve . They got to work quickly, efficiently stripping him off his shirt but tony refused to let them touch his pants.
“Do you understand now, that when you go home to someone I know has hurt you in more ways than one and has the access to do so at anytime , that I am always ,” he emphasized again “always worried about you?”
He gently let his hand take a hold of Tony’s chin turning his face towards him as he checked his pupil responses. Tony cringed at the light trying to move away
against Steve’s chest and they walked out together
“No. And since when do you have a medical degree?”
“I missed you" he tried again but something was off with Tony and Steve didn’t feel upto prying into that yet.
“wha's gng …on?” the sudden croaky voice surprised both Steve and natasha , steve pulled his pants up quickly before turning back to his lover his hands hovering near Tony’s chest.
“Here’s the thing, we had an agent monitor Tony’s mansion since you were gone. And he said no delivery was made.”
He came awake to a blinding headache and a voice that was screaming something
The bell rang shrill and loud and Steve flinched just a touch, it always took a while to get used to at the beginning. In less than two minutes his classroom was filled with noisy banter.
Steve smiled at him and nodded before turning towards thor again
“Yeah” he huffed “yeah, I think we are done. For now”
“you had major surgery Tony,  what exactly do you expect me to do here?” now tony really scowled unhappily , it was obviously not the answer he was wanting but expecting.
“Can I help you sit-up against the wall, it will help you breathe better.” He added ,tony nodded , still focused on catching his breath and when Steve wrapped an arm around his midsection to pull him up right and against the wall, tony whimpered trying to scramble away from his hold.
Bruce was okay, there was no need for a code green, he had stayed on quintet monitoring everything from behind the scenes.
“remember what the doctor said Tony, you can’t raise your arms like that for a while" clint told him and Tony stuck his tongue raising it even higher. Steve quickly caught the flailing arm and trapped it in his hold while Tony struggled weakly until he gave up, which took all of two seconds.
“Any fatalities?” He asked as he rubbed both his palms across his eyes hoping to clear away the haziness.
He could hear the arguments as he got closer
I looked up to see everyone in the kitchen and realised only Clint was absent from their perfect breakfast team bonding moment. "Why is Clint sitting all the way out there on the sofa?"I asked to no one in gave an annoyed scowl before telling me "he knows what he did". Oh well, super spy problems. I looked down to grab a muffin from my plate only to notice it gone!
That meant tony was hurt in some way or another and had instructed Jarvis not to tell me about it. I sighed in frustration and looked up at the ceiling.
“Steve,” it was that tone again that came with natasha voice that made him look up in concern and he really didn’t like what he saw there “we think these are actually Tony’s x rays"
Steve didn’t stay a minute longer than necessary after the screen shut off with orders from fury to get home as soon as Tony was in condition to be transported.
“Okay”
“Because it didn’t happen in the gym” Steve was running out of patience, tony never said anything more than short clipped statements which never explained themselves. It only made Steve want to yell at him to spit it out already.
“You called me sweetheart” he said suddenly
"It's okay honey, I understand." Tony nodded
“Do you want to talk about it?” Steve asked as he worked.
“you are really sick, tony. Bruce says you are going to need some time to recover from this. So I suggest you put aside your ego and pride and allow us to take care of you. Do you understand?” he said in his best captain America voice and tony mumbled a “fine" . Only then did steve allow him to remove the mask so he could speak.
