"It's not the fact that you lied about Harry Potter. It's.  . . You lied to me. Over something so insignificant.  But you lied."
Dean packs a basket full of snacks and more cut up fruit. He adds the wine and puts it to the back door.
"Babe, he's not a toddler. We won't have to get up at night and change him. Not much longer and he is off to college. We just can't roam around naked here. Got to reserve that for your place." He winks "But if you are uncomfortable here with him, I won't force you to stay." He adds quietly.
"Think you can talk to them. Dial it down a notch? Don't get me wrong. I appreciate that they worry and care."
John stands there for a long time debating if he should wait in Dean's house or if he should go home. He decides for the latter and starts walking. Sam should be at school so he'll have time.
"I love you Castiel and yes I fucked up by asking him to sleep in bed with me just to not be alone but that doesn't change the fact that I do love you."
"But you gave it to me. For me. For me to wear. Because I like it and you are interested and ... it's a mind game. I could take it off but do you want me to? Or do you want me to keep it on until you want to touch my dick. Or do you want to see how long I can last... " Dean fidgets.  "Can I put it on?"
Dean grabs Cas hands and holds them above Cas head. Giving him a chance to breathe but no chance to retaliate.
"She said making a plan for the separation is good. She likes it. She was a bit concerned that you weren't there but I had thought you forgot due to painting so she didn't think anything of it. She'd like to talk to you alone next time as well. Equal opportunity and so on. And yes. I think we are OK."
"I will concentrate. I don't know what it will do to my stamina though, if I concentrate on something else, you might not get me to come before you need to leave."
Dean pleads. "I've been hard on and off since the blow job at work... if you don't want to fuck me that's OK. I can wait."
"No. I think we both have had enough shit happen to us that we do indeed desperately need therapy. But I think us both being in need of help means we understand each other better. So no judgement for either of us for being in therapy."
Cas takes a deep breath and runs a hand over Dean's back before he lubes his fingers. He massages the pucker with one finger and puts just a little pressure behind it.
"Of course you are." Dean nods. Santana runs off to find Lucifer. "So how about you two finish up homework and I finally put this in the oven."
"I am guessing that's quite a big thing to realize after so long. "How are you feeling about that change?"
Dean leads over and kisses him. "I enjoy everything we do and have done and I very much would like to be on top. I just prefer some more foreplay? Kissing, cuddling and slowly working up to it."
"Don't be sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry for not keeping myself in check. You told me how much you like kissing and just kissing. I like it too. Maybe I should put on my cage so we can keep making out?"
Dean pants into Cas neck peppering him with kisses while he keeps up rubbing his cock along Cas crack.
Dean wakes up a few minutes later to his alarm. He find Cas downstairs and hugs him. "I don't like waking up alone." He whines
Dean pulls down the waistband just a bit and leaves a dark purple mark right where the elastic imprints, making sure Cas will feel that one every time he puts pants on.
The four spend time until the early afternoon out and about. They get home at around 2 in the afternoon. Sam and Jack take off with Santana for a walk. Dean puts away the nest and once the livingroom looks normal again he goes to look for Cas, he finds him back in the studio to work more.
[13.12., 08:09] Castiel: I'm thinking of wearing one of mine today. Because perking myself up, you know?
Dean dries himself off and searches for fresh clothes while Castiel puts on fresh sheets. "How are you feeling though?"
Once Dean is done and Cas is a relaxed puddle of man on the floor, he helps him onto the couch and cuddles him.
"Whats the weather like? I'd love to snuggle but if it comes at the cost of running, I need good weather."
Getting ready and leaving the house together has quickly become Dean's favorite thing in the morning.
"Jack, leave your stuff by the couch until we determine if you two can be trusted alone." Dean says and points to the side table.
Sam's face is bright red and he refuses to look at anyone of them including Jack who is holding a hand full of condoms and keeps his face down.
Cas lifts his head to try to look at his chest. "Thank you Freckles." He sits up and looks at Dean. "God damn, you're sexy." He sighs.
Dean grabs the clothes and starts to unbutton his pants. He shoves them down his hips and takes them off. Dean gently takes the soft pajama pants and steps into them. "No shirt?"
Dean collects their plates once they are finished and puts them in the kitchen. "I do dishes later, I am gonna hop in the shower real quick. OK?"
[4.3., 11:13] Castiel: They just introduced a new colleague to us to start work in our sales department on Monday.
"Made love?" Dean questions. "How about that: I am allowed a pair of my silky boxers, you get to choose the color, I brought a few and then I will be perfectly content  to lay on the couch and have you pamper me."
Dean doesn't notice till Cas starts snoring halfway through and he looks down. "Guess it's your turn to be tucked in." He gently slides out from under him and puts food and drinks away. He takes Cas pants off and covers him with a blanket. He takes his sleeping pill before he slides next to Cas again and hugs him.
[28.1., 07:25] Castiel: I will have to see if I can get my computer running tonight so i can help with your presentation
He hears the front door close and Dean's car drive off. When he looks around, he sees Dean's phone on the nightstand still.
'Yay me. I wish we could sleep in but the ceremony is at 9 in the morning. On the bright side, it's a small graduating class so it shouldn't take too long."
"Hmm. " Dean hums in agreement and lays out his supplies. He threads the needle and puts the printed fabric in the hoop just like the instructions tell him to.
Dean pushes himself up on Castiel's legs with a groan after a few minutes. His cock is still throbbing in his jeans  and the front of his pants is marked with a large wet stain. "Lets go home."
[3.12., 10:14] Dean: Sorry. Had to help the moose carry all his honey. The store is called "buzz off" and all the different honeys have punny names
Dean follows Cas' car back to the house. Once inside he asks. "Wanna shower first while I take care of the fuzziness?"
He can hear cussing and scrambling behind the door and walks back downstairs with a grin on his face.
"I can't wait. Shit do you have food? Oh ewww. You haven't been home in a long ass time... we need to clean your fridge and go shopping. Take out tonight?"
Dinner is a quiet affair. Tasty but quiet. Donna remains tight-lipped about anything new. Claire is in a foul mood because the animals are leaving the next day, only Gabriel is unfazed and chatters quietly to Cas about upcoming projects.
[9.3., 14:02] Dean: He apologized for messing with the stuff and said thank you for the food and beer
"I'm serious. My whole adult life has been nothing but meaningless sex with people whom I don't remember anymore.  This here with you, it's awesome."
"Dean, that day was meaningless to me too, and we can leave it to be just that. But I had an idea for cookies and we can pretend we just like eating cookies on Sundays."
Castiel sits up. "That wasn't the plan, but I can't let you go to work like that either. Come on babe, turn around."
[7.1., 12:48] Dean: With my liking for being bossed around combined with edging... it could work. But that would involve you in a sexual setting so its stupid
Sam joins them an hour later and he brings his own homework out. "If you don't mind Castiel, Math hates me too."
[31.3., 21:50] Castiel: Oh yeah, I'd have my skirt covering what I'm doing to you, it would just make it feel so much better for me.
Castiel gets up and looks at Dean with teary eyes. "I am so, so, so sorry. So fucking sorry, Dean." He cries
Cas sits down at the easel and runs a hand through Dean's hair, who leans into the touch moaning quietly.
Dean is  trying to slow down his boyfriend's hips by holding on to his ass. Trying to move his dick out and away from Castiel's moving body.
"I am gonna feed the babies and let Santana out into the yard. Could you start the laundry? And maybe a bath? "
"Yes. Angel. Yes! Come for me. Give it to me! Please sir! " Dean teases up and comes across the canvas under the table.
[6.12., 15:28] Castiel: I heard they have an lgbt one this year. Would you like to check that out, or would that be too much for you?
"Boy, remember who can go without sex for months and then think about that before you do that. " He says sternly.
"That is not mine. Here, play with the puppy while I go look where I buried my phone." Cas says 'And get Dean sweatpants.' He adds mentally.
"Yeah. That was amazing too. But man. You tried so hard to concentrate when I blew you on the road and when you came you pushed me down so I had no choice but to swallow.  Hmm, that was awesome.  And all the filth you whispered in my ear while you fucked me in the shower? Yeah." Dean smiles dreamily. "Don't get me wrong. The entire trip was awesome, but you, relaxed on vacation? God damn. Maybe we didn't have sex every night but when we did..." He sighs.
"Uh... no? But I thought it might be a nice thing to do together? Did I fuck up? Did I do it wrong?"
After that, the day gets busy for the guys in the garage and Dean doesn't have another chance to chat with Cas until it's time to lock up.
[3.3., 11:05] Castiel: Navi suit pants. Black socks, black shoes. White shirt. Navi suit jacket.   Purple tie.
"You have been horny since last night? You've got your house to yourself. Why didn't you ... you know... take care of it?"
Ezekiel smiles. "It's a great circle too. I knew no one and yet felt welcome. You have great friends, Cas."
Dean walks back into the house with the pillow under his arm and 3 to go bags in his hands.  "Honey, I got food."
They get dressed and climb back into bed. Dean wraps them up in the blanket. He snuggles close to Cas and closes his eyes. "I love you."
Cas laughs lightly. "Oh. I think i got something." He says and pulls something out from under the couch pillow.
"Not really. I just very much enjoyed our time together yesterday and I feel bad because I was in such a bad mood this morning. But I talked to Sam so I think he won't interfere anymore."
Dean loses his balance and falls backwards, landing on his ass with Gabe in his lap. "Cas!!! What the fuck is wrong with your brother?" He calls to Castiel as he comes running out the door after his brother.
Doctor Mills laughs. "I have a feeling most of you guys problems come from your past so I'd like to work through that quickly. You guys look happy. I don't sense danger for either one of you in this relationship at the moment so, no not a mess. You two are happy but you want ultimate happiness so we do that. Is that ok with you two?"
"What? I ... oh! It was just the first idea that popped into my head. I didn't even think of if it's possible here." Charlie stammers
[3.3., 14:43] Castiel: I'd totally slip my hands inside that open overall and feel your pefectly shaped ass. Those gorgeous tight globes.
After a quick clean up and a small breakfast they settle into the studio. Cas in front of his easle and Dean on his knees next to him with his cross stitch. Several hours pass and it's late in the afternoon when Dean's growling stomach pulls them out of their world.
Castiel kisses him deeply and rubs Dean's chest. His finger catches on one of Dean's nipples and he rolls it between his fingers.
Dean moans happily. He traces his tongue along the underside of Castiel's cock as he slowly fucks in and out of his mouth. He grabs his ass and trails his fingers gently through the crack adding pressure to Cas' hole evertime he passes over it.
Dean wakes up first.  He is almost painfully hard and takes a few deep breaths. It's still early and Cas won't wake up for a while and he doesn't want to stay in bed.  He gets up carefully and grabs some of his clothes. Dean gets dressed in the kitchen and starts the coffee. He has one cup before he gives up reading the news. He feels restless, probably from the night before.
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SIpaPgRsVbxI_zgpgfZerrVZ6LkKw9Oe0G4s2DEDO2I/edit?usp=drivesdk
"I didn't mean to overhear. I'm so sorry Dean! I should've gone back up. I'm so so sorry!" Cas says still not having moved any further.
Dean takes a deep breath to steady himself. "Benny suggested,  if I bottom and, as usual, come first,  you should keep going. I have heard rumors of multiple orgasms and fuck I'd love to see if we can make that happen one day." He speaks fast and keeps kissing Castiel's face and neck.
"Well, I am not asexual. Missouri says that I am Demisexual. It means that generally, sex doesn't do much for me, but if I do have a strong emotional bond, like the one Dean and I have, sex becomes very enjoyable, something that I like."
The next morning they have breakfast together before heading to work respectively. Cas feels nervous about his appointment. He hasn't had to go every week for quite a while now.
It takes the whole morning and well into the afternoon to have everything sorted, written down and catalogued.  Finally Dean and Cas are allowed to clean up.
Dean excuses himself and steps outside to make the call. He talks to Donna for a long time and then sends a message to Sam to let him know John would probably be home and to let Dean know how things are going.
Dean chews on his pencil absent-minded and looks through his books while doing a practice test on his computer.
Dean wakes up first again and Cas doesn't move just like the morning before. After Dean is showered and dressed and Cas hasn't moved, he leaves a small note on his pillow.
"I know my Love. I know. Can you please let it go now? I love you, and if you mean to put out the alarm and accidentally hit me, that is okay. I will live."
"Hi! Happy new year! It's January... we are officially allowed to meet in person." Dean says. "Hi, I am Dean Winchester and I really like you."
He looks himself over. He likes the satin and lace and the fee,l but the make up. Now that his hair is back to normal, he can appreciate the make up. Subtle but there. He likes how the lip gloss makes his lips shimmer and the mascara and eyeliner make his eyes pop. The eyeshadow he's on the fence about but that's because Claire wanted purple and he just doesn't think it's his color.
"That's what I intend, if that is alright? Still, the panthenol helps too, so we're going to let that go in for a bit before I get to the lube."
Charlie smiles widely. "Oh Handmaiden, I'm so, so happy for you." She looks at Dorothy.  "Yes, I'm sure. Bi's are legit!"
"May I interject here? Mr. Novak, if you do tell him what to do, do you do it for your own pleasure or for him? Cause you can tell him to hold still and enjoy what you are doing to him. You don't have to make him do anything. Am I right Mr. Winchester? "
[27.4., 09:22] Dean: But they showed his legal name on screen and then put a picture of her on screen. Headline was "statistics professor now mother to king of hell "
"No. I like your voice and I  noticed I sleep better if I fall asleep to your reading. You don't have to if it bores you though."
[3.12., 10:27] Castiel: The guy your brother flirted with, did he look really sweet? Like a super nice kid?
Dean is finishing up dinner, we'll setting it up. He is rather proud of himself for having ordered food. Not like he is gonna admit that digging hurt his cut.
[23.3., 19:14] Charlie: Sorry. Phone died. Home now. I'd like a postcard sized drawing of Dorothy as princess Leia.
"Spoil me? I am interested. I did hope we could go to your place and I wasn't gonna touch my books till Monday."
https://64.media.tumblr.com/ed8b28c0cdc3f05ecee2db47af2f2063/1d7d17fcc6c030b4-9f/s2048x3072/471106c76f28be7800dfceec18e2da1b3fe7e1af.jpg
Cas comes home late. He finds Dean sleeping on the couch and puts a blanket over him. "You should go to bed, but you look too peaceful to be woken up."
Cas bucks harder. One hand leaves Dean's hip and curls around his cock. Castiel starts pumping Dean hard and sloppy.
"What are things that make someone awesome apart from making coffee? I think this homework is overly complicated for a first ever task..."
[3.2., 15:47] Donna: Now now. Don't sound so bitter. It's healthy to have friends outside of your relationship. Jodi taught us that
"Oh please. Like I give a shit about the opinion of an alcoholic fresh out of jail. The fuck do you want here, John?"
"Exactly. I don't plan on anyone else sharing my attention from you. That's why I thought it was funny. That and the fact that all it took was Benny seeing you having lunch with an attractive man to think they had a chance."
Dean looks at their position. "Shit. I trapped you. I am sorry." He leans forward and kisses Cas.  "I wasn't thinking. I am sorry."
Dean makes Cas sandwiches and some cut up fruit to take for lunch. He grabs another cup of coffee and waits.
"I'm not sulking. I love bees. But I haven't drawn a single line since I found that effing envelope and now I finally feel like it again. It annoys me that that mood hits while I do something else that I love."
[22.12., 20:46] Castiel: I've eaten and I've fed Lucifer. I have actually gotten off my couch for that, too.
Dean sits up and grips himself. He shuffles closer to the panties and starts stroking himself fast and rough, panting harshly.
Dean gets in his car and follows Cas out of the rental parking and into traffic towards Gabriel's house.
Gabriel chuckles and makes Donna get up from his lap. He picks Claire up gently and brings her to bed. Lucifer and Santana follow him closely.
Dean leans down and nips his way across Castiel's cheeks. Leaving small red marks that will be gone by the time he's made it to the other side.
Cas remembers how sensitive they are, he kisses Dean's cheek and neck and rubs his nipple between 2 fingers.
Dr. Mills nods and writes down more things. "Gentleman would you be OK with me requesting your files from your therapist so I can get a good background picture?"
"Will you let me know once your head is clear? And then, when we're back together, can I get a hug and a kiss to the forehead?"
Dean follows the music and walks into the kitchen. He sees Cas dancing to the music while he chops up something.
" Honey I am home." Dean calls into the house as he arrives. "Sorry it took so long. Got to talking with Charlie. But I come with gifts." Dean smiles and hands Castiel the M&Ms.
Dean agrees. " Yes Cain. Thank you. The food was amazing and so is mead. I can't thank you enough for helping me do this."
Dean jerks up and hits his head on the propped up hood above him when he feels a hand on his ass. "What the fu.. ouch son of bitch!"
She greets him happily. Cas makes sure his pie stuff is still in the car when he closes the trunk. "That's all."
Cas goes on thrusting hard. "Did - did you know," he rasps "that dick - is an ac-" he scoops a little cream on his finger "acronym?"
"Yeah right, cause 'you let me take things slow and let me spoil you for ages accepting I don't need much in return' is so deep." Cas sighs.
Dean gets up, squeezes Cas hand and leans down to his ear. "Tell him." He kisses the top of his head and joins Donna in the kitchen, leaving Cas and Gabe at the table. Cas nods.
Castiel moves over Dean, so his hips are between Cas' legs. Cas smiles at Dean with a predatory glint in his eyes.
Dean moans. His whole body is shaking and tense. He can feel his balls drawing up tight against his body right before he comes across the floor under Castiel's chair. He keeps Cas in his mouth licking and sucking waiting for Cas to tell him to stop or to keep going while he works himself through his orgasm.
Dean is nervous and a little thrown about what just happened but he has to admit, he feels good as well. He smiles at Cas.
"Hmmm I like that. Do you have wet wipes in here? " Dean lays out the towel on the bed and points Cas onto it.
"No. It's our life. We are together almost every day anyways. Now Dr. Mills.... yeah she might have some words later."
[2.12., 15:27] Castiel: I don't go out. At least not much. When I do it's usually my sister or my brother dragging me out. I rather spend my time with Lucifer and painting.
"I do it because Dean likes it. There are times when I actually enjoy it, but mostly it's for Dean."
Dean shakes his head. "No. I don't want him to feel bad." He looks at Castiel.  "I didn't bring this up to hurt you or make you feel bad. I brought it up because I think this is better talked about here than just you and me alone at home both with hurt feelings?"
They finish their food and Dean struggles to keep his eyes open whole he puts his dishes into the sink.
[4.1., 21:25] Dean: Just... maybe future shenanigans involving my ass should be planned better or at all.
"Hmmmm. Thank you!" Dean whispers and rubs his face against Cas' thigh.  "I don't want to go. " He whines.
"I know. I trust you. You don't have to prove anything to me." Dean gets up and helps Cas to stand. We are running late. Let's get dressed and ready.
[24.5., 07:54] Castiel: Good morning Freckles. Sorry i didn't text you earlier. I had breakfast (it was so good) and then had to rush to meet the organizers to see where my booth is and if anything needed to be done before i start working.
As soon as Cas is close enough,  Dean grabs and kisses him,  chasing the taste of himself on Cas' tongue.
"Right now? I want you to get better. I want you to be better so we can build a fort tomorrow. I don't need anything right now."
"Guys, you're amazing. Now, if you could explain to Dean why I'll be too busy for the next weeks..."
Cas turns off the laptop and puts it aside. Then he cuddles closer and tries to get back to sleep too.
"Ewww. Didn't they also throw up the food to be able to eat more?! Yeah no. Go pee. Food should be here soon."
"Exactly. With your violent history we can not in good conscience have you be the guardian of a child."
"Good morning to you too, Mister. Cas said he'd be here by eleven. What's happening? Everything okay? Are you sick? Is it severe?"
Dean swallows the food and leans back again. "I can't work at 2 different garages. And Rufus has done a lot for me, I can't just leave him. Plus, I want to take over his place remember.... I just need to tough it out."
Dean does. His cock starting to leak onto his stomach. "Are you just gonna stand there and watch me?"
[23.3., 18:00] Castiel: When you tell me what you want. Otherwise I'll start on the other commission I have.
Dean hums and spreads the moisture on Cas' nipple, flicking it gently. He lowers his mouth back on to Castiel's cock and hollows his cheeks.
Dean drives home and showers. After he's dry and dressed comfortable he heads to the kitchen to make dinner.
"Hmmm. Tempting but I don't thinks that's a good idea. I don't know when people arrive home here and we have stuff to do."
[4.12., 19:39] Castiel: Maybe he wants to come out to your father? Maybe he believes your panty fetish means more?
Dean wakes up slowly and opens one eye looking at the window. "Ewwwww. Please tell me this isn't running weather."
"For guys they have cock gages so you can still shower and pee and keep clean but you can't get hard. They have a lock where the dom keeps the key." Dean says nonchalantly.
Dean grabs onto Cas hip with his now cleaner hand and holds on tight. He frantically thrusts his hips and pulls Cas tighter to him when he comes between them.
[24.2., 13:48] Dean: Someone came in needing an oil change. I will take my time and do a super clean one.
Gabriel comes over to the couch and sits down next to Cas. He wraps him in a blanket and hands him Lucifer.
Dean swallows. "I am scared to scare him. I am worried I speak or act or move like his ex and he'll hate me."
Gabriel leads them inside and laughs. "It's an ugly death trap. I will never understand why you like this car."
Castiel takes Claire to school and works with Gabriel all morning. He's fidgety because he wants to draw, but he accepted working with Gabe, so does have to do his share of work there too.
"I like how much you let yourself enjoy sex. It's like you're ... soaking up all the physical contact with no regards for anything else."
"If you have to talk about our sex: I still think I'm no better than Arthur. I treated you not much better..." Cas  replies sounding bitter and annoyed.
"Yeah, I think I did a very good job of shoving that to the far back of my mind considering my love for bees."
It's still raining outside and generally unpleasant. The wind is howling and the tree by the window is bending dangerously close to the glass with every gust.
He finishes up the last bits of prep and drags Cas to their newly covered couch for snuggles until their guests arrive.
Reluctantly Dean let's go off Castiel and presses one more kiss to his lips. "If we clean and pack up quickly, we can get back to this at mine."
"That's different. I don't do those things because I feel like I have to give something back. I do them because I like doing them and incidentally you like them.  If you didn't like my food I wouldn't cook for you. I don't do things just because you like them. I do things that you AND I like."
Dean comes back to bed and snuggles up to Castiel. "I liked it. A lot. Thank you. I think I prefer  bottoming but I would gladly do this again if you liked it."
"Ohhh?  Like while you're gone or like a show for you with you in the room? Because I am not comfortable with having a life stream online. "
Castiel takes his phone and records what he says next "Second time? Hitler was dead and then he wasn't and then you killed Hitler?"
"No. Like this. Can you come just from this?"Dean stares at his hand. And carefully adds another finger. Stretching Cas some more.
[7.1., 15:34] Dean: And when I come home she waits at the door to see if someone else is coming in after me
"I don't think so. He's into it too much. He actually needs it psychologically. And I do tend to come across as bossy sometimes, so it is also my fault."
[4.2., 08:43] Castiel: Hi Charlie, Castiel here. I wanted to see if you're still up to helping me with homepage stuff?
Dean gets between the two men and blocks Castiel from the customer. "Sir, I am going to need you to get out. NOW!"  He says. "I don't know what's going on but this is no way of talking to anyone."
"It doesn't have to be right away. Talk to her Monday? Call her. I am sure she'd love to talk to you about it and find a solution."
He rolls further underneath the car and starts pulling them apart slowly to see what he can salvage.
"They want me to draw their character in a wheelchair that fits the DnD world and their dead boyfriend in character as a protective ghost behind them."
"Shit. Cas. I ... " Dean fucks into castiel a handful of times and moans loudly as he comes. He fucks himself through his orgasm and jerks Cas cock to get him to come to. "Come on. Come on me. Mark me me up."
Dean pushes the cup he made Cas towards him. "I have decided to tell Adam that we and John don't get along and that there is no love lost but that I'll gladly give him John's info if he promises not to tell John where he got it from. Do you think that's OK? Or is it too much to put on the kid?"
"It's better if she starts fostering the one she wants. Why get used to the temper of mine if hers will most likely be different."
Dean grabs Castiel's ass cheeks over the lace and  and spreads him open just enough to push his satin covered cock into the crevice.
"Indeed." Cas smiles. "I wanna start on this new commission. If it gets too much I'll duck out and come perv on your ass at the garage."
"Castiel? Are you coming back downstairs? " Dean yells after he hears the shower stop and the bathroom door open and close but Cas doesn't show up.
Cas feels so happy he can't even remember when he's last felt this happy and carefree. He leans over to Dean and kisses his cheek.
"Ok. Its good to know they didn't mess it up. It sucks they were not willing to work with you." Dean rubs his neck. "Man this is coming out wrong... I .. lo.. I like you for you. For not ignoring me when I first messaged you and for playing along. I like you cause you are funny and smart and because you were ready to do my homework for me. I like you cause you are kind and you smell good. "
Dean stares at the file in his hand. "Seriously? I could destroy it? I know it's digital as well but I could destroy my past, figuratively. I... thank you. I don't know what to say."
Cas tries his best not to look at Dean too often, but he can't resist his boyfriend's looks and presence.
Cas walks up behind him. "I love you, and I want this. Both Missouri and Dr Mills trust us to make it. I will think it over, because I promised Gabriel, but I'd much rather prove him wrong than our therapists."
"I should punch you right where you stand brother. " Bennie greets him. "He just wanted to help. I get he fucked up but the way you talked to him was uncalled for."
Dean tries to get a hold of Castiel's shoulders but he is so tightly wrapped in a blanket that Dean loses grip and tumbles off the couch.
"Please talk to me." He says after he sits down. "You behave differently and it's kinda freaking me out."
[4.2., 10:14] Castiel: We're staying at my place. The Ds can do whatever they want while the Cs work...
Castiel reaches over to it as Dean watches with hooded eyes. Castiel sits up above Dean and opens the lube. "You look excited." He smiles and runs his index over Dean's length.
"Yes. Seriously. It's not like we fuck like rabbits the whole time. And the few times we try to get up to stuff you interrupt. I don't know if it's to be funny or why but its frustrating. I am pretty sure even Cas is getting frustrated. I will buy you headphones if you need better ones, but it needs to stop."
"Of course.  I'm so sorry. "Dean pets through Cas' hair. "I'll help you find a car and if you want a classic again I'll help you find one and fix it up. "
Cas shakes his head. "I did, when he first had suggested it, but I haven't talked to her about chickening out of putting in my notice."
They sit in silence while Cas draws and Dean doesn't notice how late it has gotten until he can't stop himself from shivering.
"I could share my travel plan with you and you can check it out. "Dean offers. "I've been planning it since we talked about it. I just wasn't sure if it was gonna happen." Dean smiles at Castiel.
Deans fingers wiggle their way under the blanket and to Castiel's waist. He finds a strip of skin where the shirt moved up during the night and rubs circles with his thumb over Cas stomach. " Good morning!" He whispers into Cas ear.
"You think so? " Dean looks down his body and shrugs. "Thats all that matters. You liking what you see."
Dean has added one last stop on their trip and has been keeping it a secret but now with Cas's birthday coming up, he wants to go there even more.
Cas sighs and fights tears. "But... but he's a good guy. I have the studio to go to if I need space. We're moving my old couch there."
"Nope." Dean holds him back by his shoulder. " you've done enough alone for today. Sit that pretty ass down please."
Dean makes them sandwiches as promised and let's Santana out into the backyard, hiding behind the door so Castiel's neighbours don't see him naked.
"Thank you, Ezekiel. It was great seeing you again too. Maybe I'll manage to meet up more often instead of moping around at home."
It takes a minute to orient himself and then Cas snores softly next to him. A quick look to the clock tells him he has 10 more minutes and so he snuggles up to Castiel and closes his eyes.
"Same, but with limits.... uhm... are you doing stuff just because I like it but makes you uncomfortable?  I... I don't want that.."
"I am not. I promise. " Dean takes the next strawberry gently between his teeth and offers it to Castiel.
There are tears burning behind Dean's eyes and he has no clue why. He isn't a Cryer never has been. But this right here is new land for him and he is confused and a little bit scared.
They spend a good amount of the morning in bed cuddling and making out before they finally go shower together to wash off their nightly activities.
Dean cradles Cas's face. "I am sorry I wasn't there." Then he giggles. "I am sorry. I... my hands are dirty and now you got a black handprint on your cheek."
They make out for a long time, enough for the documentary to end and a new episode to start. Somehow Dean has ended up  being wedged between the back of the couch and Castiel who is in danger of falling off. He wraps his leg around Cas' hip and holds on to him.
They go on a long walk exhausting Santana. Its dark out and Dean feels bold enough to grab his boyfriends hand. He's nervous and his face is blushing but he likes the feeling of having the other man's hand in his.
Dean lays back down and holds on to Cas. He runs his hands up and down Cas' arms seeing as this is the only skin Castiel granted him.
"Uhm. Because I am. She is the queen, I am the handmaiden. If you need more info ask her. Just be prepared to become squire or something like that."
[27.4., 12:42] Benny: Let's just say that "Dean and I have a question." Is how a lot of my wet dreams start
Cas pulls Dean's pants off his legs and pulls his socks off too. "Put your feet down and spread your legs for me?"
Dean stops moving. His legs are shaking. "I can't. My legs." He carefully climbs off Cas and lays down next to him on his stomache. " Fuck me. Come inside me."
Dean walks into the kitchen. He puts the pastries bag on the counter and grabs Cas from behind, pressing his ice cold lips into the back of Castiel's neck.
[31.3., 22:08] Dean: Fuck I am so close. I haven't touched my cock yet. I've been fucking my hole with my fingers.
"I gravitate towards the newer models. I know I'd have you, for trouble with a classic, but yeah..."
Cas chuckles and wraps his arms around Dean. He listens to Dean's breath slowly evening out till he starts snoring lightly.
Gabe makes a face. "I am 100 percent sure I don't want to know. Claire, let's clear the table. Your turn to fill the dishwasher."
The smells of crepes and popcorn slowly drift's into the fort. " Angel? Are you making carnival food?"
He paces nervously not sure if he is scared of John's reaction to him not getting him out himself or worried about Sam. Probably a mixture of both he decides.
[7.12., 14:38] Castiel: That you told Charlie you had had a girl over though you had been sex texting with me and that you think you'd be a laughing stock if people knew about us and that means I'd be a laughing stock and that i felt like crying but couldn't because I'm at work
[1.4., 7:37] Dean: Want.. no. Not right now. Right now I want to hold you and kiss you. But in a few weeks maybe?
"But... you wanted to stop there and I made you..." Dean gets up and walks around. "I... I am so sorry."
Dean rummages through the pantry and finds a few things to take with him. On his way upstairs he grabs a large towel from the linen closet.
"I know you are sorry. I understand that. Just don't lie. Please. Even small shit. Or he'll especially small shit. If you're willing to lie on small shit then what about big things?"
"Nah, I knew what I was getting into. I fell in love with a close to asexual man and went for it anyways. I love you for you, not just the sex."Dean hugs Castiel closer to him.
Dean grins. "Later." And gets up from the chair. "For now we should get this place cleaned up and ready."
Deans cock fills out a little but doesn't get hard. He hums anyways and runs his hands through Cas hair. "This feels nice."
"Yes, you will, my pretty boy." "Now, I'm gonna clean you up. And then I demand getting big spoon cuddles."
Dean bends his head down and licks over the soaked fabric while moving his hips, rubbing his dick on the mattress,  searching for friction himself. He's so turned on it almost hurts.
Donna laughs. "It's in my system so its legal enough for me. I am not gonna question how it got there. Especially not while I am on duty." She points a finger at Dean. "I like you. Use those powers you got there for good only or I will find out."
Cas licks the salt off Charlie, slurps the tequila out of her belly button and bites into the lemon.
"And it felt good. The stretch. I'll deal with it tomorrow but it was worth it." Dean snuggles back into Cas.
Dean stares. "No, no, no,no,no,no. Not possible. She was on the pill and we always used condoms. You are the only person I ever had sex without one."
Castiel goes back to work, feeling guilty, more guilty than he had this morning. He's glad thought that he was able to help Dean feel better and that helps put a light smile on his face.
"Cas ain't bi either. I think  I might be but jury is still out on that, but I don't think debates on sexual orientations are on tonight's agenda." Dean says with finality in his voice while looking at Dorothy. They'd clashed before about their different views on some things and he didn't want to ruin tonight by  getting into it with her again. She's a sweet girl but despite being gay herself, some of her views are outdated at best, downright bi or pan phobic at worst.
"Ok. The list is pretty hetero centric but it gives us a gist? So, you said no bondage. How do you feel about blindfolds?"
Dean kisses Cas cheek and let's go of him. "Then let me open the door for her. I'll meet you in the bathroom."
"Come, let's get you in my car. And let's take that icicle home too and then we'll talk." Gabe suggests.
"You want me to suck your cock? Want me to get you off or just have you in my mouth?" Dean asks with a shaking voice. His ass right on top of Cas cock, he can feel it throb through the lace.
"I want you to come on me. My ass, my cock, chest I don't care. I want to jerk you off so I can kiss you."
"Rufus, we are leaving. Got more shit done today then I have ever since you put me in charge. We are keeping him. See you tomorrow." Dean yells into the office Rufus works in and grabs Cas hand pulling him to their cars.
Dean stands up and puts away their trash.  When he comes back he stands before Cas. "Where do you want me?"
Dean doesn't answer and just reaches behind himself into his nightstand to grab lube but his hands come up empty  "Fuck. I left it in the living room."
[25.1., 08:00] Gabriel: Donna told me she plans on having patrol cars in your street more frequently
Dean hands the box over and opens it. It's a simple silver band with nothing written on it and a plain silver chain link necklace.
I don't count wine as food. But yes I think the wine is fine but the cheese is in my questionable section. You should look at it."
"People. I wish I could just quit everything and open my own shop right now. I am so done with soccer moms and pompous douchebags. I don't wanna go to school anymore. I just want to fix old cars." Dean whines.
"Uh... okay. But, well, I don't really have something for you, so I need you to ignore that I'm baking in here, okay? Cas grins.
"No, I'd like to keep the appointment.  Either Sam will want to meet Adam and I'll leave them to it or he'll be angry and will go sulk for a few days till he is ready. I'll ask him what he wants. If he is OK with you working there."
Dean nibbles Cas ear and rubs his hand harder over Cas cock. His other hand is holding on to Castiel's hip so he can keep rubbing himself against his ass.
Sunday morning comes around quickly and Dean wakes up with a small hangover. He pops some pills and starts baking for Sam's birthday, focusing only on his task and the coffee machine. He refuses to think about Lisa and her kid and if he believes her or not or the possibility of wanting kids.
"Deano! Get dressed and come down here!" Gabriel yells up the stairs. "Five minutes or I come and get you."
Monday morning Cas wakes up before his alarm, but Dean’s arm is so securely around his waist he doesn't dare to get up. He lays awake overthinking and simultaneously willing his bladder to not bother him.
Donna checks the time. "I am sorry baby, he's right. I'll make sure he goes first next time. I promise." She looks at Gabriel. "He will be getting a makeover."
"So where does you're awesome body come from? You can't tell me you're that hot doing nothing for it."
[1.2., 12:35] Dean: I got an advisor appointment.  Someone cancelled on them. I am next. I keep you updated
He opens his mouth and gently takes the cock in. He swallows a few times but gets comfortable quickly and closes his eyes just enjoying the feeling.
[12.1., 17:53] Dean: I don't think he'll come back tonight. And if he does he can deal with my boyfriend being here too. I cancelled plans for him and he was a douche.
"Can I keep them this weekend? We are having lunch at Jack's tomorrow. Claire would love the puppy to come."
Dean runs his hands along Cas' thighs and over his chest down Castiel's arms to his hands. He pulled him down for a kiss."
"Thank you." Dean smiles and gets out. He closes his car door quietly and sneaks up to his house staying in the tree line.
Cas sleeps until early in the evening. His phone reads just before 5pm when he opens his eyes. Dean is still wrapped around him deep asleep himself.
"No. Not bad stop. I want to ask you something." He reaches up and smoothes out the worry lines between his boyfriends eyebrows.
"Ohhh I have a feeling she is more dangerous... " Dean answers. "But you are happy right? With Jack? And with Cas being here? Cause I'd like him to stick around... for a long time. Like I don't think I can go back to who I was before him. "
Dean grabs him by the head and pulls him in for a quick but passionate kiss that leaves Dean himself breathless. "Fuck i have to show up dirty like this. I message you later Angel . Have fun at Gabes. "
"Thank you. I just hope I'll be able to stay in contact with Zeke. It was really nice to get an old friend back."
"Ok please come inside. Let me close the door. Its cold as balls outside." Dean herds everyone from the front door.
"So. Jack." Dean looks at him. "Since we are all here, how about we all go and get checked at the free clinic this weekend?"
Dean is quiet, waiting for Cas to backtrack or explain. When his boyfriend stays silent he speaks up. "Not stupid. Yes I am working tomorrow afternoon. Uhm wanna ignore the bit in the middle and pretend it's a verbal typo or do you wanna talk about it.?"
Cas sighs. "I think I blew it." He says looking at Dr Mills. "Probably fucked up my homework too..."
"Dean doesn't see how perfect he is and gets ashamed of things that are nothing to be ashamed of." Castiel interrupts.
I want to wear a suit to your first art gallery opening and drive us there in a classic car I finished restoring in my own shop where you designed the art for.
"This is none of your business. "The customer spits at Dean and looks back to Castiel. "You have no right to be disrespectful towards me! I demand answers."
Dean looks up how to apply eyeliner on YouTube. He tilts his head. "I don't think my hands are steady enough for this. You'll have to try."
Dean moans. "Yes! So good. Babe!" He ruts into the mattress just because it feels good and squeezes his ass muscles to milk everything out of Castiel.
Dean rolls onto his stomach in between Cas legs and keeps kissing the skin in front of him. "This ok?"
Dean and Cas walk back to the car and load up their shopping when a familiar bark catches Dean's attention. He looks over and Sam and Jack are running towards them with Santana leading them.
"This?" He points at the ring. "This is next level romance. I bet he had an amazing speech and made you cry happy tears."
"Yes. Yes I'm calling you. ... because I don't want to leave Cas alone. ... yes. I just want to know if it's ok if we lock the door. We'd feel better.... ok. Thanks."
[5.4., 07:24] Castiel: Freckles. I love you. I'm sorry for how I behaved. I'm coming over to apologize in person.
Deans overall is tenting at his groin and Dean smirks at Cas. "I may have done the prep already. Condoms and lube in my pockets."
"You're most welcome. I totally loved the idea of having breakfast together." Castiel smirks at Dean.
"We do. You still got that invitation for game night standing, you know? No need to punch my in-laws..." she winks.
Cas whines. "Noooo..." but gets up anyway. "This better be important or I'll be grumpy for the rest of the day." He mutters as he heads downstairs
Charly is pacing the room. Castiel had read her messages but didn't answer. She was tempted to just call but was also pretty sure he wouldn't answer.
"I missed you too." Dean grabs one of Castiel's hands and slots their fingers together. He leans up a little bit and kisses along his ear, nibbling.
Santana's ears perk up  at Castiel's voice and she hops onto the bed as well. She sniffs around for a few minutes and decides to settle right next to Lucifer.
[8.12., 10:15] Castiel: I've sent him a couple letters. Especially after Michael had thrown me out. But he never wrote back.
Dean hands Garth a beer and sits down with them at the table."So, when and how did this happen?" He asks them with his mouth full of pizza.
Sam finishes his food quickly and puts his dishes away. "Thanks for the food. " He says to Dean and points at Cas next. "And congrats to you, for my brother finally telling you how he feels." He turns and runs upstairs with his phone.
[4.2., 08:04] Dean: The faster they learn from you the less you have to worry about once you cut out and art
[22.10., 16:24] Castiel: Where are you now? We brought the groceries to our house but you weren't there and we've been back at Gabe's for a while now
[19.1., 14:25] Dean: Yes I need snuggles. But work is important too. Its fine. I am about to take a bath and relax.
"Ohhhh, baby girl has been taken care of already!" Dean was using his baby voice to speak to the dog and slipped into his normal voice when he thanked Cas for the coffee.
[22.2., 14:28] Dean: There is not much mechanical work today so I am in the office. Catching up on paperwork
"Stay right here, please." Dean whispers and grabs on to Cas ass pulling him in closer. "Oh fuck me! Yes. Right there."
Cas runs his hand over Dean's blanket clad arm. Trying to calm him down. He can feel Dean's heart racing and he can hear desperation in his boyfriend's voice.
Bennie and Garth join at 7. Gabe and Donna at 6. By 5 everyone in the backyard is counting out loud.
[26.5., 09:11] Castiel: You dig that out? Are you serious? Who gives you the right to sneak around in Dean’s past?
[4.1., 12:05] Dean: I am just worried that things happened too fast. I am worried you get down on yourself for letting it happen. I am worried I fucked up when I accidentally fingered you.
"Hey lovemuffin! Sorry I am late. The accountant left late. " Garth looks at Dean accusingly. "Someone came in and interrupted his work. Hi Dean."
Castiel rolls his eyes but puts his phone on the table unlocked as he gets the pizza out of the oven.
Dean nods. "Yeah, I... I feel like this puts a lot of pressure on Cas? Like all I have to do is not do something..."
Food turns out great and Dean keeps his bitching about the rabbit food to a minimum but only because Cas made it along with his brother.
"We should, yes. I agree. And, as I said, it's really not that I don't like it completely... I am so sorry I'm a mess, Dean. I'm sorry you have to deal with me."
Dean looks into Castiel's eyes. "I would never agree to do something that makes me feel uncomfortable and I want the same for you. Please. I'll try something to see if I like it for you but if I don't like it, I won't do it again. Please do the same."
"Yeah well, Sam knows me after therapy and I like to have you close especially after therapy but if you want to be alone that's fine as well. Just threw me for a loop."
"Let me go put underwear on. Because that dog licks everything if given the chance. Don't ask how I know this."
Dean holds up the badge for them to see. "The sheriff you are trying to reach is temporarily unavailable. "
"Hi." Dean is gently brushing Castiel's hair out of his face."Fancy seeing you here. Come here often?"
Donna comes home for dinner time with no news and the evening is quiet and reserved. Dean and Cas excuse themselves back upstairs after they helped clean the dishes.
Dean smiles. "It's a good thing though. I like you turned on. I like that I am allowed to see you like that and I am gonna do my best to make this good." He kisses him and carefully slides into Cas with a whine.
"Well shit. That's one of the best reasons to be late I have ever heard of. But you could have messaged me. Matter of fact,  you should have."
"No. I do need an oil change and really should learn how to take better care of this car but I am also here to apologise. "
He puts fresh sheets out for Sam to use later and shudders just a little bit thinking about that. He shakes his head to erase the thoughts and folds towels to put away.
[22.1., 11:12] Castiel: Do you have some larp event coming up and she plans to be mean to her Handmaiden?
"You're so lucky he's a heavy sleeper and didn't notice you." Castiel whispers, scratching Lucifer's ear.
Back in the car Dean turns to Cas. "I like them. Lizzy is cool. I just realized how much younger I am. That was like an adult dinner. I felt like I should have sat with Lizzy. He laughs.
"I'll talk to Donna. I am sure she'll help. In civilian clothes but John knows her well enough that he should behave."
It takes roughly two hours for all statements and paperwork. The tow truck shows up and tows what's left of Castiel's car. The driver, Eddie,  is not fired. His boss hit the same spot of ice and just narrowly avoided hitting anything when he arrived, despite him going slow.
Dean moves out of the way and watches Cas work. "I was just typing numbers into the program. It didn't take much concentration. "
"I never asked if you get any trouble work wise because of my appointment time." Cas says over coffee.
Across town Meg Masters is close to murdering her case worker. "What do you mean the baby will go to a different home? I've been his foster mom for 6 months?"
"Nothing. I tried to seduce you. You want to sleep. So we sleep. I am not gonna force myself on you."
[7.1., 14:25] Dean: You are not the only scared one. We're both terrified. So if I am gonna start pampering you please let me but do tell me to fuck off if its too much
"No. Well not in an unwanted way." Dean looks to the side ashamed.  "I think my arms might bruise but I should be able to cover it with a long sleeve. "
"Shhh, Dean. It's fine. You're good. You'll get there." Cas takes his face in his hands and kisses him deeply.
Garth looks to Dean. But he shakes his head. "That you buddy. Not me." He grabs his coffee from Cas and walks away laughing.
"Harder please."His cock is hard and pokes out of the water. Dean is holding on to Castiel's legs, lost in the sensation of pain and care.
"You let me eat this off of you?" Dean holds up the vanilla yogurt. " I will make you whatever you want for a midnight snack."
" Yeah let's keep it pg rated for this one please. I do not want to know Dorothy this closely." Dean agrees.
Dean blushes behind him and hides his face more in Castiel's neck. " Shhhhh that's a worry for future us not current us." He speaks into the skin under his lips. He holds onto Cas hips and pulls him closer.
"Hmmm. I wouldn't be able to hold back. I'd come all over your desk." He massages under the head of Cas cock and moves his hips against Castiel faster.
"Are you scared to tell us your deep dark secrets? Come on Dean. Don't be shy. We won't bite... unless...?" Garth teases and Dean blushes even darker.
It's Dean's ringtone and it stops before he can reach his phone but it rings a few seconds later again.
[6.12., 18:16] Dean: So today when i got home i turned this place upside down and found this. I did shop my now messy place out of the background
Everytime Cas thrusts, Dean's breath comes out in little puffs and small moans. He moves one of his arms to his cock and spreads his precum over himself bit Cas softly slaps his hand away.
Dean blushes a dark red at the words and rolls them over to their sides. He throws one leg over Cas' hip and pulls him closer .
"I love you angel. I am sorry I wasn't home when you got the mail. I promise I'll do anything I can to make you feel safe again. Even if I have to hunt them down myself."
Dean wakes up to his alarm and presses a kiss to Cas shoulder before he gets up. He gets dressed quietly and goes downstairs to make coffee and feed the fuzzies.
Cas smears the strawberry on Dean's chest then takes the can of cream and does his best to try and write C+D on Dean.
"Shhhhh. I have managed to get lots done this morning. It's okay, I'll just get to Rufus' later than planned.
[1.2., 15:21] Dean: But once I figure everything out we could sit down together and see how we could work together?
Dean heads downstairs and starts the coffee. He double checks that he has everything he needs and  then waits impatiently for the coffee to finish brewing.
He moves with purpose, sliding in and out slowly, relishing in the feeling of Cas hole getting tighter trying to pull him back in. He massages Castiel's balls and rubs his thumb over that sensitive skin underneath.
"I am not. It's really sweet. " Dean answers and pulls Cas towards him. "I really like it. It's very sweet and perfect."
Dean grabs the first fast and furious and puts it in. "Cute guys, cute girls and sexy cars." He tells Castiel when he comes into the living room.
"This one is superficial but I think he is really pretty. I've never seen a man and thought wow.... but when I saw him the first time..., well a picture, I was shocked at my own reaction. So yeah I count breathtakingly pretty as something that makes him awesome."
Dean preen's at the praise and doubles his efforts. His free hand roams Cas' chest until he finds a nipple to play with .
[2.12., 12:30] Dean: Thats a lot. You guys ever argue? I am older so its ok i can Boss him around. You the oldest?
Dean doesn't notice Castiel coming in. Focused on counting and petting Lucifer who had jumped into his lap.
"It just went by so fast. Maybe on Friday you could mark me up and we hide inside all weekend? It's gonna be terrible weather anyways."
Dean sucks one of Cas nipples into his mouth and flicks the nub with his tongue. His fingers find the other one and he rolls it between his thumb and forefinger.
[22.1., 15:26] Dean: Don't be. I like your place but I need to check if my roof made it through all that snow and melting lately
Dean nods. He taps his fingers nervously on the steering wheel as he drives past the house to find parking.
"I'm sorry brother. I only meant to help you sleep, not for your boyfriend to think you cheated." Benni sighs with concern. "I'm so sorry. I'll do anything to help you." He promises.
Dean shrugs. " Cas wouldn't make big decisions without me and if I join now they'll just have to restart the whole thing for me. I'll get the short version in a few."
Dean walks back up and finds Jack's room. He listens on the door and can clearly here the sounds of making out. He shakes his head and bangs loudly on the door with his fist. "Get your tongues and hands away from each other! Coffee is ready! If you are not down in 5 minutes I will come in there!"
"Stressful. I was lost in classes since I missed so much last week. It should be better tomorrow now that you helped. Work was OK. Boring."
"Well stranger. What brings you to my saloon?" Deans face breaks and he starts laughing. Castiel laughs with him. "I should've broken out my Cancan dress..."
The topic switches to something lighter and when Garth finishes the last beer, Dean starts cleaning up.
"I don't get it man. He went through a lot of shit himself. How can he still believe?" Dean opens his second beer.
Dean is soaping up his hands and spreads the suds over Castiel's shoulders and chest. He grabs a washcloth and gently washes his arms and hands. Dean rinses the cloth and adds more soap when he is done.
"Castiel is everything but a failure. He's the kindest guy, he's smart and we were blessed having him live with us. You have always had such a horrible stick up your ass, Michael..." Donna shakes her head.
"There Are people that would argue that what I'm about to do is a sin." Cas says and leans in to nuzzle Dean's crotch.
"Calm, boy." Cas smiles and moves back up. He lays down beside Dean and runs a finger over the mark.
"No." Dean shakes his head. " You didn't need to know what's in it because it was sealed. Sealed because I did everything they asked of me to seal it. I went above and beyond to have it sealed and to change. Throwing that in my face, trying to make Cas scared of me. Dude. What the fuck?"
Dean bits his lip and stops moaning. Only quiet small whines in the back of his throat escaping. His cock is hanging heavy between his legs dripping onto the couch below him.
[24.2., 07:31] Dean: Morning Angel. Thank you for making coffee. Sorry I didn't wake up before you left.
[8.12., 10:04] Dean: Well. You established that you like the taste of dick so I am assuming there was at least one guy relationship
"I didn't want to make you feel weird or forced into something. Can we finish our food and go back home?"
Dean is stroking Castiel's  back slowly. "I .. I think I left a mark, Sir. I am sorry." He whispers. One hand slowly and carefully pulling the t-shirt collar aside to check. "Did I hurt you?"
"Its... it's too much but not enough." Dean whines. "It feels like I could come again. Its so sensitive. But I can't get there."
Nodding his head Dean keeps his eyes on the ring and plays with it, running it up and down the chain.
"Thank you. I'm looking forward to joining Gabe. I've always wanted to, but I also wouldn't want to miss the experience I've gathered studying business and working in accounting."
Gabriel follows him to the door. "Hold on to that one. You two are good for each other. And he might not say it but the way he took care of you when you were sick... Dean loves you. Nobody looks like that, with a sick person draped over them for warmth, and isn't in love."
[11.10., 08:41] Castiel: You forgot the door for Santana. Wake me up next time, I'm starting to forget what you look like
Dean has tucked the waistband under Cas ' balls and is slowly stroking him. "That was a very nervous ok. Not a enthusiastic yes. "
Dean waits nervously. Suddenly the strongest vibration starts up in his ass and he nearly falls off the bed trying to reach his phone.
[5.12., 13:58] Dean: That might be porn you could be into but man I need tits and a porn with that name wouldn't have that
"I can't explain how, but in my opinion God and science can absolutely coexist and the love is real, even when we struggle to see it. I understand that it seems to make no sense, but for me, it does."
"Almost done. You made food. Let me clean." Dean pushes him out of the kitchen. "Go be cute on the couch... or sexy in bed. Just tell me where to find you."
They arrive at home and Dean scrolls through his phone for several minutes. "I am sorry babe. I can't find it and I don't know what it's called. I saw it in an old movie many years ago. It's simple. It's two bird figurines sitting on a branch but they swivel. And when they face each other all is well but if one partner isn't in a good mood or angry they turn their bird either to the side or with their back to the other one. In the movie they used it after the couple argued and they turned their birds to face away from each other but after one cools down they turn it again and wait for their partner. I think it's kinda cheesy but thought it could work for us? Like if they face each other naked fun of some sort is a go and if they face forward its cuddles and kisses and facing away could be a don't touch me thing?"
Dean smiles.  "I like it.  I am sure I can come up with a list.  And don't worry babe I got homework from Missouri too."
He wraps his hand around his cock and sets a fast pace immediately.  "Fuck, kiss me please. I am so close. Kiss me."  Dean begs.
"Yes! I hope we get help soon but at this point we don't know how long we'll be here." Dean says sadly.
"Yes, sir." Dean mumbles, embarrassed that all it took for his resolve to crumble was Cas calling him that. He grabs his computer and follows him back to the bedroom. Cas takes his hand.
"I have a thing I need to go to but I can't because I need to be in other places... I need you to attend the first thing for me."
Castiel packs what's in his fridge and packs his stuff for pie making in another basket to have in his car. Then he packs some drawing material with his clothes. He congratulates himself for being clever enough to have the online ordered presents shipped to Gabriel's place.
"Sorry guys. This... it's been... we should do this again just... maybe a club where I am not a possible  dad for like 5 minutes."
[27.5., 18:21] Castiel: I can't wait to see you, but I'll let the other idiots get out first, I'd be stuck in baggage claim anyway
"No... don't ... we... we need to figure this out. I ... I can't..." Dean rubs his hands over his face and exhales harshly. "I... I wouldn't have begged for more if I'd known what you wanted. We... Castiel. I love you. You do not have to force yourself to do anything for me... please. " Dean's eyes swim with tears. "I... I feel so dirty, I made you..."
Dean hears Garth leaving but figures if Cas hasn't gotten him yet he still has time to check out the break lines.
[27.5., 09:21] Dean: Nice. I am learning how to not run your business into the ground financially....
"Dean? Dean? Are you okay?" Cas asks in a low voice. He gently tries to wake him up, reminding him of their appointment
This has been .... a lot. Sorry for the long wait. But I am back home now. Let's see where this goes.
Dean smiles and goes to trace his fingers over the skin that is poking out of his open shirt. Cas unbuttons his shirt slowly.
He wondered if Dean had a hard time sleeping too. Maybe if he went to Dean's house and apologized he'd be allowed to snuggle up and get a few hours of solid sleep.
On the little screen Dean comes into view. He is on the bed and smiling nervously. He is sitting on a towel and has lube next to him. He is naked and closes his eyes. The Dean on film runs his hands over his chest and plays with his nipples. He pinches them until they are red and hard. His cock is already filling out laying on his stomach.
"I am gonna come. I am so fucking close. " Deans cock is trapped between their bodies and with all the precum he has been leaking everything is wet and warm and pressure.
"I have to get Sam from your brothers at nine. I need to head out. " Dean gets up. "Eat something please. You probably haven't eaten much today ."
In your line of business, do you happen to come across couple therapists and if so is there one you would recommend?
[13.12., 19:19] Castiel: And then id hold your chin and turn your pretty face to me so i could kiss that precum off your sexy lips
Dean swivels his hips while sitting in Cas lap. "When I do this, you're hitting the best spot. I could just do this and come."
"Pretty good. Kid's been through some shit. He's with his grandparents now and likes it there. He wanted to know about dad so I kinda told him the friendlier version of what's going on. He took the news pretty good. We're gonna go watch a movie tomorrow so he and Jack can meet."
Dean finds Castiel's favorite fuzzy socks and the massage oil he likes. He brings a clean towel as well as some water.
He is looking forward to spending the afternoon with Cas or at least not at work. As much as he likes working with cars, a few day off seem like a dream to him.
"You are gonna regret ever touching me fag." He hisses. He spits out some blood and turns to Dean.  "Sam is under age. I can and will decide where he goes to school and who he is allowed to talk to. I hope you had a nice good bye the last time you saw him cause a fag like you is not welcome in my house or around my son."
Cas carefully peels himself out from under Dean, leaves him a note and steals a pair of sweatpants and a shirt to go downstairs.
Dean calls the order in and goes upstairs to get dressed. He comes back down in his jeans and another shirt from Castiel. "I head out. By the time I get there food is done." He bends down to the couch and kisses Cas. "Please stay on the couch while I am out."
"That, yes. I mean the praise thing, the little orders thing. Maybe even a tiny bit punishment, but like orders not violence."
"Ok. Yes."Dean runs both hands over Cas legs and thighs. He pets over the soft fabric several times and plays with the band holding them up. He kisses Castiel's hip over his panties and rubs his face on Cas stomach. " you are incredibly sexy."
"I don't know. Let's cook something super nice? And you mentioned not having seen Brokeback Mountain." Castiel shrugs.
Dean exhales. " We talked about John and my childhood, if you can call it that and it brought up not so nice memories. And did you know kink is hereditary?  I... I think that is one I will have to work through... a lot."
Dean looks down at Cas. "Fine. I promise for as long as we are together, nobody else will be in my bed."
After 2h of being half asleep Dean  runs his hands up and down Castiel's back. He wiggles down in bed to get to his boyfriends face and peppers it with tiny kisses to wake up.
[27.1., 14:08] Dean: I got finished with laundry. I got Luzifer and his stuff packed up and just realized something.
"Yes, it's been mentioned. I am gonna need to take a look at the room and what we are starting with. Maybe some new windows there are gonna be enough."
Dean doesn't let go the entire time except for when he needs to clean up after his dog. Then he is back to holding on to Cas like a life line.
"It was and is a shit thing to do. Yes. I am sorry you and Donna are fighting but I am siding with her. It was mean, stupid and hurtful."
The drive back home is tense with anticipation, Dean has his hand on Cas thigh the whole ride, higher up then what is considered friendly.
"May not wear it out to go shopping tomorrow but I'll wear it at home. Not work. I don't want it to get dirty."
"In December? "Dean looks at Cas like he is crazy. "You know what? Fine. My boyfriend wants to grill in the snow, thats what we are doing."
"God damn babe, yeah. My ass is still nicely sore from your pounding last night." Dean groans and fucks forward faster.
On screen Dean comes again loudly and collapses forward. His body shaking with the aftershocks of his orgasm.
[3.12., 21:02] Castiel: I'm fine on my own. Sometimes I meet friends or my sister, or my brother and his family
By the time they get to the house, it's fully dark outside. The light in Sam's room is on and in the kitchen too.
"  After the little you told me about your exes... I was waiting for you to say something, want something, want ME to touch You.
Dean blushes hard enough that Cas can feel the temperature change on the face in his lap,  but he nods.
When they come back inside Cas starts making hot cocoa which they then take upstairs with them to take a hot bath together to unfreeze their limbs.
Cas babbles nervously: "Uh, yeah, anyway. He threatened us, we don't feel Sam would be safe with him, so thank you, Gabe."
Dean stumbles upstairs and into the bathroom. He brushes his teeth and washes his face before he climbs into bed and waits for Cas to join.
[23.1., 09:13] Dean: And you have more control over yourself so I am not worried about you getting hard around your brother
Cas closes the door behind him. He cleans himself up and Dean can soon hear flushing. He rolls out of bed carefully. He realizes more stretching should have happened as his ass is really sore. He carefully gets up and gingerly walks to the bathroom and knocks on the door. "Cas? Can we shower together?"
Castiel heads downstairs to grab his pizza box. He also gets some water and coke and returns to the bedroom.
Dean gently washes Castiel under the hot water and massages his shoulders. "Hmmm wet, naked and slippery and I am too exhausted to think of anything dirty to say." He chuckles.
"Yeah. I want to bring up our couples therapy homework. That's homework from Missouri. We talked about that today and we made a plan and I like that plan so I figured I ask you about it."
The driver nods and pulls his phone out of his pocket. "I have to call this in. I am so sorry Sir. I hit ice and slid right into your car."
Dean watches Cas for a few minutes. Then he walks to the nightstand to drop off his stuff. He goes to the side of the bed and runs his hands over Cas' legs.
"Awwwwe. Don't be jealous.  He'll soon learn you'll be home more often. Or, if you want to paint in the studio, just bring him."
"Angry at the.. church I guess. The situation. I got really mad when they mentioned their all loving creator and I just remembered all the shit in my life and his and got angry."
"Dean! Welcome." Gabe greets him. "Put your stuff in the guestroom. Well be back late so if you guys want you can crash here."
Dean is focused on kissing and roaming his hands over Cas body and doesn't notice Cas having moved fully on top of him.
"I can. I could hold him hostage too though... " Dean smiles. " I bring him over after you are done working."
Dean holds on to Cas and makes him sit up. "Closer. Please." He moves his legs behind Cas back and holds onto his shoulders so that they are both sitting up with Dean in Cas lap.
Dean drifts off into his own world for the duration of dinner and barely tastes what he is eating but he has a small smile on his face after every bite.
"Are you a good boy? Can you be quiet without your pillow?" Cas asks as he pulls out his fingers and  lubes up his dick.
Cas pulls the shirt up and over Dean's head. He wraps his arms around Cas as soon as his head is free and kisses him. He lets his hands roam across Cas back and pushes one hand into the back of Cas pants.
"I wish you had told me at breakfast and hadn't made me feel like last night had been a mistake." Cas says in a low voice.
He checks the time and realizes it's almost time to wake Cas so he goes back upstairs with a cup for Cas and climbs into bed. He kisses Castiel gently on his cheek and whispers. "Good morning angel. I have coffee for you and class in 45 min."
Dean cusses and jumps out of bed. The coffee cup Cas left for him topples over and spills over his leg. Thankfully it's cold already.
"So yeah. I... told him to give me till Friday. I'd like to think about this and process everything. Can we cuddle? And not do shit?"
"I'll miss you too." Dean says and kisses Cas. "I am meeting Sam tomorrow so I don't think when I'll be home. I am not sure if we can see each other tomorrow."
Dean finishes his food first and gulps down his water. He kneels quietly next to Cas, waiting more or less patiently.
Dean leans on to Castiel's shoulder. "We should sleep soon too. Work calls in the morning for me. But I get to go home after my usual hours. So I'll be home sooner."
"It's ok. I wasn't expecting to meet new people. Meeting them as your boyfriend... soon to be gabes brother in law...."
"Because apparently I was ready to 'fall back into doing everything and anything to please your partner even against your own well being'."
Shopping stowed away in the trunk he stops at the diner and picks up some breakfast treats before he drives home and unloads the food.
Dean groans. "Later. Kissing now." He peppers Cas with kisses. "We still need to clean up and make food for Zeke."
[26.5., 17:11] Dean: Yes he acted like an ass but I get where he comes from. He loves you and is terrified to see you hurt again.
"We can discuss it. I did some research. But right now I'd rather just suck you." He grins and licks his lips.
Dean whines as answer and flicks his tongue. Cas arches and cries out loudly when he comes in Dean’s mouth
[24.12., 13:34] Castiel: I'm sorry, Christmas Eve is a little busy. Especially since i slept in way too long
Dean and Castiel wake up still wrapped around each other. They have swapped positions during the night and Cas is holding Dean to his front. He can tell by the change in Deans breathing pattern that the other man is awake and presses a kiss to the hair in front of him.
Dean uses his teeth and leaves the inside of Cas thighs covered in small red marks as he works his way to Castiel's balls. He licks a broad stroke from the bottom of his sack to the tip of Cas cock and suckles on the head.
"Yes." Cas moans softly and closes his eyes and concentrates on the feeling of fucking his boyfriends face.
After his shower Cas gets dressed for the outside world. Cas decides to go decorations shopping for their party on Saturday.
By the time they get back it's well into the afternoon and the sky has gone grey promising more snow soon.
They are quiet for a long time after that and Dean keeps rubbing Castiel's arms until he can feel him relax more and then his breath evens out. "Good night Angel." Dean whispers and closes his eyes, hoping to get some rest.
Once upstairs, Dean puts his clothes into the hamper and pulls out soft pajamas and a soft pair of panties. He's been stressed and wants to feel pretty. He starts the water and rinses off most of the grime.
He follows the instructions carefully and stares at himself in the mirror.  "Angel!" He calls downstairs. "Do you want to see it before I get dressed?"
Cas copies Dean and puts his hand in Dean’s back pocket. It's horribly tight, but he manages. "I've always envied the couples I saw walking around like this. I always felt that this was pretty intimate and very loving. I wished I had that."
Dean carefully walks into the kitchen. He feeds their pets and let's Santana out before he makes his way gingerly up the stairs.
"Yes! Fuck yes." Dean pants and snaps his hips chasing his own orgasm while Cas is still coming between them. He clings to Castiel. "Fuck! Angel!" He moans and comes inside his boyfriend.
Food is devoured quickly and Dean managed to make no mess except for the few times he intentionally wanted to lick sirup of Castiel.
[2.2., 10:41] Dean: My head is sore to the touch. I am sure it would hurt like a bitch to hit it again
Dean nods. "Now she's grumpy cause she's never been caught and thinks I don't trust her or her skills. So... stalemate. She's mad and I am annoyed."
Dean sets the temperature and steps out of his clothes. The pants need laundry desperately. He takes off his shirt and sees a few Crescent shaped bruises on his biceps. He smiles at Castiel in the mirror and pokes them to see if they hurt. "A little tender but I should be fine by the weekend. How's your shoulder?"
It's a fun ride and we're happy for those joining us on it. It's always fun because we never know what a new day brings.
"You're awesome. Thank you babe. " Dean greets the pets and goes upstairs to shower. Cas can hear him sing in there.
"Dean." After several times of Dean’s finger pressing on his hole, Cas tenses up a little, though still moving his hips.
[31.3., 21:24] Dean: Still sitting in bed. Slowly playing with my nipples and running my hand over my cock
Cas enjoys Dean's attention and relaxes. "Did you know Dean, that Doms require aftercare too?" He asks after a while, looking at his fingers which start getting wrinkled.
"Yeah. New couch sounds good." Dean says quietly. A bit louder he adds. "It's stained, the couch. Just... just leave the damn cover on."
Cas leans onto the sink and stares at the mirror. "Dean needs you." He tells himself with a deep sigh. He takes off his pants and washes his crotch with a washcloth then goes back into the bedroom. He opens his pantie drawer and puts on a velvet lace one before coming back to the bed. He sits down in front of Dean
"I want to apologise like I said. Cas told me it was his idea to move in and I probably should have listened to him better before I judged. I still see him as that helpless child I took in but he grew up somewhere along the way and I was so busy taking care of him I was to blind to see how much he means to you. I misjudged you and expected the worst from the beginning, always waiting for that call from him, the hospital or even worse."
"It was." She grabs Santana and picks her up. "Let me know once you reached star wars mode and I bring her back, OK? And again, I am very sorry."
"Then just charge him 20 bucks a week. We set it aside for him to get back once he goes off to college. Help him buy a car.
A quick breakfast/ brunch of scrambled eggs and coffee later, they are out the door for some long over due grocery shopping.
[4.12., 21:35] Castiel: I let myself feel close to people too quickly who feel not even a little close to me
Dean is still staring at Castiel and doesn't hear Dr Mills at first. "Uhm... one sec.. doc... Angel? "
"This was definitely more fun than classes. Are you still gonna make me go run with you?" Dean jokes.
He melts into Cas body and wordlessly accepts the clothes he is being handed without looking at them.
[16.2., 14:12] Dean: Hey. I am still alive. More like waking dead. Don't rush home. I am just sleeping. Not a good companion right now.
Dean waits until Cas is settled with the laptop in front of them. He shuffles closer and puts his head on Castiel's stomach so he can see the screen. He lays his arm across Cas legs and sighs. "Cuddles and movie after all."
Dean runs upstairs and goes through his bathroom routine before he crawls into bed naked like Cas wants.
"I did not abandon you. I told you where I am. Anyways. That's not the news. What do we make for dinner?"
[3.2., 09:57] Benny: Yes, it makes sense that you still feel scared. Hell, even I get that sometimes, you know?
"Thank you. All those gym hours were useful after all, huh?" Cas jokes weakly "Fuck. Not being able to type means not being able to work. Fuck. I've only just been out sick. What have I done?"
John stares at Donna. "You can not be okay with this." And points at Dean and Cas. "It's disgusting. How can you think its ok to raise a child like that?"
"I hope you're right, I hope we manage to leave those miserable miscommunications at home." Cas grins and kisses Dean's cheek.
Dean walks towards Cas voice and stops short when he sees him dressed in panties and an apron only. He wraps himself around him from the back. "Hi. Fancy seeing you here. How was your day?"
"Whatever you want to do. It's your designated art day but if you want to join me for a few hours at work that's fine ."
Dean checks the time. "I am not scheduled to work today. I got today off in exchange for truck duty. I'll be doing that on our homework days."
"I get it. I do. But we need to. We need to talk about this because I've never seen you like this and liked it and need to know where that came from and how you feel about it. But we can talk later.'
[30.3., 23:40] Castiel: That sounds extremely rustic, don't know if I can do that. But I'm willing to try
"You know I mean it right?" Dean speaks up.  "Even if it was fever me that said it,  I do mean it, everytime I say I adore you. "
Dean brings over the plates and blushes a deep shade of red when he sees Cas sitting at the table. "I was not expecting this outfit when I told you to dress sexy. You look amazing babe. "
[27.1., 14:29] Castiel: I don't like it, but I need my own space right now, Dean. I can't stay with you right now, I'm sorry.
Castiel gets up and goes to the bathroom to get ready for work. He joins Dean downstairs soon after.
[20.1., 11:19] Dean: Car it is. There is a suv in that needs an oil change and some tinkering. I'd rather work my hands then my brain today.
Dean snorts and falls forward, holding himself up with one arm. With his other hand he rubs his cum into Cas panties and skin. "Fuck... I wish we had more time. So dirty... "
[5.1., 17:37] Castiel: I've brought my groceries home, and am ready to come over. Anything i should bring?
Cas feels happy taking care of everything in the morning and spending the rest of the day in his studio.
"You loosers pick a song. I get the peanut butter. " Dean says pointing at the girls and dissappear in the kitchen.
"They didn't want to sit down here anymore. I didn't want them to stand. We're all adults here and most of us can act like some too." He says looking at Sam and Jack.
He walks to the chair in the corner, listening to the swish sound his pants and robe make with every step he takes. Dean places the clothes down and turns back to look at Cas.
Dean cleans them up and then snuggles up to Cas. "I am glad we did the staying apart thing. I think we did OK. But I am happy it's over and I get to hold you again."
Dean makes a disgusted sound "Running. Blech. Don't like it, but man it does wonders for your legs." He muses.
Cas gets them some of the muffins Dean had made out for breakfast. "What time was the appointment with Mills again?" He asks
Dean grins at Cas. "Hmmm you know what. I think yes. Just let me know what day and make sure to do your homework."
Dean sighs. "I know. But I feel like if it's obvious that I am then you might feel pressured and I don't want that. So I tell you to stop or take a break and I end up hurting your feelings and make you feel unwanted. So I don't know. Just snuggle me till my blood is back where it belongs. Please."
Sam leads them into the far corner of the garden and next to a dog house. "The dog isn't here tonight. Charlie has her friend dog sit cause it's too loud for him but nobody comes back here so we found some space to eat pizza."
Dean works him through the after shocks and swallows everything. He is breathing heavy himself and rests his head on Cas thigh.
Dean moves over Cas lap and reaches down to hold Cas cock steady as he lowers himself down. Cum and lube from their earlier escapades slicks the way and it feels dirty and wrong in just the right way  he moans as he slowly lowers himself down into Cas lap. "Fuck!"
Benni comes back and Dean asks embarrassed:. "so uhm do you want to stay on the couch? Or here? Platonic. But I do tend to cuddle."
"I said I might. It is much more likely that I'll go back to bed. Jerk off and then sit in bed with the shirt on for my lecture."
"Ready to head back? I think the baby is cold. " Dean asks when he sees Santana shaking because of a harsh gust of wind.
[5.12., 10:44] Dean: I finished my main mechanics project last week and thats not due till the end of the term
" I kinda felt like I used you for my own pleasure last night and we got distracted with my slip up and I didn't get a chance to bring up how it bothered me to hear how you didn't need anything. It made me feel needy I guess."
Charlie puts a cup of coffee on the table and goes to check on Dorothy and to give the two some privacy.
[24.2., 08:07] Dean: But if you'd rather be alone after Missouri... I understand. I can always bring Lucy and if you want to you can come anyways. He'd be fine for a few hours right?
Dean arrives shortly after Cas and Gabe make it back from the flower fields where he keeps the bees, to the house.
Once at home, Dean heats up left overs for the both of them, leaving Sam to fend for himself. He feels a little bit petty.
"I am sorry. That wasn't my intention. I just wanted to understand. I won't be back to any kind of service but I'll make sure he doesn't feel like he has to stay home because of me."
[26.12., 09:52] Castiel: I am embarrassed I can't keep my stuff together and leave a mess at your place
Cas glances at Dean's hand, their joined hands every now and again nervously. Not for him, but for Dean. He still has no idea what had happened the other day, with those  messages Dean had received and had him act all weird. And Dean clinging to his hand lately when they're outside has him wondering.
"Ewwwwww! I can't believe you've only just discovered your bisexuality... who the hell licks sweaty stinky men?" Cas laughs.
"She's still at her friend's house. She'll be home later. We haven't told her anything yet. But I am sure she will be thrilled."
"You didn't." Dean answers in the dark bedroom. "Independence day is just another day. I'd rather have a hard conversation on such a day than not having one and ending up ruining my relationship."
Dean keeps his eyes on Cas as he opens his pants and pulls the zipper down slowly. He pulls the slacks down and lowers down to his knees to help Cas step out of them.
[7.12., 14:28] Dean: DEAN WINCHESTER! DID I JUST FIND YOUR SEXY KNICKERS SOAKING IN BABY SOUP IN THE KITCHEN? ARE YOU HIDING A SEXY RELATIONSHIP WITH THAT CAS GUY FROM ME?
"Awesome." He kisses his way back to Castiel's lips and licks into his mouth. He grabs on to Cas thigh and pulls it onto him, letting his hand grab onto the strong muscle.
"I am more nervous this time. " Dean admits. "I know I can do it. Been doing it at the shop for long enough. But..."
[25.12., 20:06] Dean: Let her know that I like her uncle very much and I made a stupid mistake in the beginning that had her dad mad at me?
"God, you feel amazing." Dean whines. "Could you come like this? Do you want me to..." he rasps and wraps his hand around Cas cock and strokes."
"That that guy likes wearing lace? Charlie, seriously, I thought you'd know me a little better than that by now. I painted you naked and drank tequila from your bellybutton..."
"No worries. Just wave next time you are painting in your underwear... May I suggest something blue and shiny? Your skin would look amazing in a dark blue ." She winks.
[26.1., 10:07] Dean: He told me he pressed the wrong button and sadly everything from yesterday got deleted
[6.12., 22:47] Dean: I talk to you tomorrow Cas. Shower and bed. Its still a school night  and got way later then I thought
"I need to go walk Tana before she goes in the house." Dean starts gently wiggling himself out from underneath Cas. " I am impressed she made it this far to be honest."
Dean moans at the feeling of Cas' tounge wrapping around his fingers.  He didn't expect him to do this and he imagines what those lips would feel like on his cock.
"We should shower and find food." Dean says. "Oh my god. Santana!" He gets out of bed.  "Oh!" Dean takes a deep breath. "I'll go feed the monsters and let her out."
"It's not fair. I've changed my life, I changed myself not to walk down the same path John took but I still get judged on shit I'd done when I was a teenager. I love you. And I would never hurt you. If moving in with me hurts you because it puts tension on your relationship with your brother, don't move in.." he says sadly. " I... I am gonna go to class. Maybe grab food before."
"Exactly. " Dean agrees. "I think 20 or 25 bucks a week sound very fair for a beginner. What do you think? No payment till you have a job but then you are responsible for your own house internet as well. Sound good?"
" Because I really like vegetables?  If that counts as meeting face to face. Or the time your ex hurt my face and you wanted to make sure I was fine."
https://64.media.tumblr.com/499ac33ba90c6f1cb1fa837d194cfb87/dd0193cd4ec9e223-62/s540x810/5a75fa11b6541e7dfd2dfdb1fafbd5371812ed9c.jpg
He exhales shakily.  "I.. I am sorry. I didn't mean to  put you in that position... ever. Please believe me. Oh God. I am so so sorry. "
Dean struggles out of his shirt and gets its stuck on his arms. He frees his head and places his arms , still wrapped in his shirt, above his head.
"I am so close." Dean moans. He slips his hand into Cas underwear and wraps his hand around his cock. Cas gasps in surprise.
He puts his boyfriend's bag in his bedroom and then comes back and kneels in front of Cas.  He puts his head on Cas ' lap and hugs him around his hip.
Dean nods and winks before he grabs his clothes and goes to change in Sam's room. "Might as well surprise you with the full look."
[13.12., 18:13] Dean : You replied that to me telling you I was just in panties all day about to go shower
Sam looks up. "We left on time to get home, I promise. Then we came to a small accident and stopped to see if we could help and Jack called Donna. We waited till the police got there and gave statements  then they sent us home. But it took a while."
[17.2., 10:42] Gabriel: How about you guys just keep going how you do right now? Keep going on dates and enjoying yourself. The marriage part can come later.
Dean crawls into bed and settles under the blanket. He has up one end. "Come here and share body heat with me, please."
Castiel wakes up quite a while later, Dean is still gone. He goes to shower then sits on the bed dressed in only shorts
Dean rests his head on Cas shoulder and rides out his orgasm while still moving his hand, jerking Cas off.
"Probably because I don't have any anymore. I don't keep this stuff around anymore. Maybe one or 2 for the weekend but I spend them at Castiel's place. However, I got some for tonight."
[3.2., 09:14] Dean: God I can't even remind you that you are in a relationship cause you guys don't do monogamy…
Once there Cas comes over to Dean's car. "Present is still in the trunk." He gets the gift bag and comes around to take Dean's hand.
"I am gonna go shower and get ready for bed. See you in a few. By the way, Have you told him you are moving in?"
"Do I get kisses? I think I've forgotten what your lips feel and taste like. And I've forgotten how many freckles you have."
"Honey!!! I am hoooome."Dean greets the house and waits to hear if Cas is home or not. Santana comes running and jumps up on him, wanting to be picked up.
"Yes, Babe. And I'm not the one taking the first driving shift, so if I wasn't you could drag me to the car." He chuckles .
[13.12., 13:08] Castiel: She said she was happy for me that I was ready to open my heart for a new person.
Dean goes to hug him. "Nothing wrong with wanting ,Angel. I want you right back. Ok? And if a sex weekend like this doesn't happen again it will be fine and if it does, it will be fine too. I just wanted to make sure everything is OK. I didn't mean to make you feel bad for it."
Deans hands are shaking but he slowly moves from his nipples to his Dick. He is so hard it almost hurts.
"Do I look disappointed to you right now? Granted. I'd love to get on my knees for you right now but if you're not into it, it's fine." Dean grins. "I am gonna jerk off to this blowjob when you're on your next trip. And I'll tell you all about it."
" I am changing the locks. Bolting the windows. Maybe see if I can invest in safety glas. For downstairs."
" I am ... Babe, how, how far is this going?" Dean moans. " This... I'm... I am gonna come  and ... Fuck."
"Yeah I do. I can't have him run to John thinking he'll be his savior. I don't know the kid but I am not gonna let him get his spirit broken."
Dean gets up quickly and goes to grab the phone.  He comes back and stands before Cas looking a little lost.
"You... you hated what I did the other night. You thought if I went mad again you don't want your dick to betray you." Cas says, panic in his eyes.
Cas feels lighter. He's glad he could talk to Dean openly about his sexuality and he loves the date feeling of tonight. "Dean? Can we keep on doing Date a little longer and go for a walk?" He asks still by the front door and giving Santana scratches.
Dean feels better after their talk. He finishes his water and decides to head to see Donna first to finish the papers she mentioned the day before.
"Yay! Pizza!" He isn't thrilled about the salad. Bunny food isn't his thing and he looks at kale like an arch nemesis.
[28.1., 12:40] Anael: Talk to them. Hear him out. He looked head over heels in love when I saw him at yours last.
Deans breath is heavy and he collapses onto castiel. "I love you." He whispers so quiet Cas can barely hear him.
[3.4., 14:23] Castiel: He's not. Now he's having a nervous breakdown feeling obliged to come along and won't accept my offer to back out.
Dean finds clothes for Benni and searches for a spare toothbrush and sets it all out in the bathroom once he's done.
Castiel directs Dean into a few poses and takes pictures. Dean giggles, feeling kind of awkward one moment and sexy the next.
Castiel grins happily and feeds the cream on his finger to Dean. Dean sucks on the finger hungrily, wrapping his tongue around the digit and leaving it spit slick and clean.
[3.2., 10:16] Benny: 😱man! I was just about to get some breakfast but now i feel sick! If I starve to death it's your fault.🤢
" I wanted to see my brother and wish him a happy new year since I didn't get to celebrate with him. Plus you haven't answered any of my messages that I sent since Friday. Call this a welfare check."
"Oh fuck, that sounds hot, Babe." Cas says and runs the fingers of his free hand through Dean's hair
I promised you a note and here it is. You didn't move or grumble at me so I snuck out again. I'll start coffee for you. I see you later
After they finish dinner and put the dishes away Dean asks Cas. "Are you going back to drawing or are you done for tonight?"
Dean pulls off Castiel and moans." Fuck babe. I love you. I love seeing you like this." Then he opens his mouth again and let's Cas fuck into it.
"She's.... intense and she is not a fan of other people's privacy or personal space but she's awesome."
"Are you still hard for me? Poor angel. Let me help you out." Dean lowers the zipper and pushes his hand inside Cas pants. He wraps his fingers around his cock and strokes.
Fall break is approaching quickly and so are Dean's finals. He spends more and more time in the library and with his study groups, missing dinner with Cas more than once.
"Babe, they don't want us. But are offering to shop. Need anything or want to go ourselfs?" Dean calls into the bathroom.
Cas falls asleep on the couch, but wakes up around 4.30 because he's uncomfortable. He decides to stay awake and not risk waking up Dean. He makes coffee and eats some leftover waffles from yesterday's breakfast. He cuddles Lucifer for a while then goes into the studio.
"Hang on." He says as he starts to take off his work pants. "Oh damn." He mutters as he realizes he went commando. "May I borrow sweatpants?"
Jimmy leads Cas around the building, pointing out where he'd change windows or just locks for safety. He explains how they can use stuff he has on hand from modernisations of other buildings. It wouldn't be the newest standard but make their home more safe without destroying the vintage look.
Cas just cries and sobs. Dean holds him and murmurs nonsense into his ear. He keeps petting Cas and wipes his tears.
Castiel heads upstairs into his bedroom and changes into a satin underwear set. He grabs a towel and comes back downstairs.
"Benni said something like that yesterday. Faith giving people strength. To be honest, things got fuzzy after I opened the third beer. Don't get me wrong, I remember everything that happened and didn't happen. I clearly remember whining to him about how much I love Cas and how scared I am of losing him."
Dean looks at Cas cock hard and hot hanging heavy between them. "I want to get you off too please.  Group project remember " Dean whines and holds on to Cas.
Cas gets quite some work done until Deans phone alarm rings at five and brings him back to this planet.
Dean turns his alarm of as soon as it goes off the next morning. He sneaks out of the bedroom and heads downstairs. The kitchen is empty and he sorely misses his dog and Lucy greeting him.
"If it makes you uncomfortable he shouldn't do it. I told him that you don't appreciate being sexualized."
Dean takes his hand off Castiel's cock and licks it until it's nice and wet. Then spreads the moisture onto Cas cock. With the slide now eased, he strokes faster.
Crawling onto the bed on all fours over to Castiel, Dean already feels more safe and solid than he did  when he came home . He lays on his stomach and puts his head into Cas' lap.
Dean laughs too. "Yeah it's a sneaker and one of your dress shoes. Why the fuck did you bring dress shoes."
"It's Charly.... I am sure once I told her you full name she figured out everything she needs to know. Probably did a background check."
"We promised the kids we'd take over for them. We wanted to do our market shopping and ... oh God I failed them kids."
"Uhm... ok. My first one is that he is strong. Not just physically but mentally. He went through hell and back, twice but here he is. Fighting. "
"I'll drive you." Dean says and takes his hand. They walk out to the parking lot. "Who's car and who's house? "
Dean on the other hand growls. "The fact that we have been sleeping in a house where someone can just come and go ...."
"You mean the money my husband, his sister and his brother are entitled to and you stole from them? That's a whole other case, Mr Novak, but I can assure you, none of them want or need 'your' money."
Sean wonders out loud."What would you prefer I do? Like keep going till I make a fool and a mess out of myself? Calm down? Jerk off?? Like, I don't know. I don't want to treat you like a virgin either."
"I didn't expect that. It's ok. If anyone can describe me like a piece of meat and not make me feel dirty, it's you."
Dean locks all doors and turns off the lights behind them. They get in their respective cars and drive to Dean's. When they walk into the house, the hallway is filled with smoke and Sam is frantically waving a towel in the air trying to disperse it.
Dean makes grabby hands at him. "It's not like it's been a secret babe. I'm not mad. Come here. You need a new years kiss."
"We can come back to this later, Angel. But first dinner and getting to the bottom of where the fuck or conversations took different turns. Ok?"
Dean types his answer back and puts his phone down. "I think he just wants to enjoy living on his own. I should drop some food in his kitchen..."
"I am sorry babe. We'll work together again. I promise. But I have to take care of him and I need a day to gather myself. A lot of shit happened lately. If I don't I can guarantee I'll either drink myself stupid or beg you to dom me."
Dean snorts. "I looked up several so you can still be in charge and decide when and where or even if we go."
They turn on music and dance around each other while making dinner and after eating they make Sam do the dishes for calling them sappy.
"Doesn't feel like it. I just want to be done. I was thinking about quitting Rufus or shortening my hours and see if I can work with Benny."
"I was looking for you two with some case news. Didn't wait to be called in after I knocked. Walked into your bedroom and the bathroom door was open. I heard Dean say uhm... say something and turned right back around."
" Now let's go to bed babe? I am exhausted. It's late. And you are still dressed but I was promised pretties."
"I could have had a car accident with my old car becausen no one would have told me to get it looked at... I could have burn out by now cause there's nothing to come home to and no one made me cut down hours to dedicate more time to art."
[27.4., 13:03] Castiel: If you have any interesting projects, feel free to ask Dean for help, he's going nuts with those electronic cars
[25.1., 07:47] Castiel: She said something about technicality. I have no idea about that legal stuff, sorry I'm not able to tell you more. Maybe call her yourself
It doesn't take long until the popcorn and crepes are eaten. Cas and Dean are holding their stomachs. "That last crepes was too much." Dean complains.
Dean is waiting for Cas to make up his mind. He hopes Cas doesn't catch that he never told Dean to play with his hole but he really wants to show him that he is not going to shy away from gay sex stuff like Cas seems to thing he will.
"Uh, okay. Wow. That's definitely gonna be seen..." Gabriel shakes his head. He hugs Cas. "I'll text you when I've opened the present. I'm sure it's gonna be awesome."
Dean slowly gets of off the ground. "You look absolutely amazing in this outfit btw. " He points to the panties and apron Cas is wearing. "I brought a robe earlier and left it at the door do you don't have to run through the house half naked . Sam got home a while ago. I'll head upstairs to bed. Don't be too long down here."
Dean grins and pulls Cas pants off. He shuffles back up and sits down on his thighs.  He runs his hands over Cas cock and strokes him until he is fully hard. Dean tales off his own pants and settles back down on top of Cas.
Dean nods and holds out his hand to help Cas stand up. Together they walk upstairs. Once in the bedroom Dean stops in front of the bed and waits.
Dean drives over to the motel and Crashes into the bed in his driving clothes, out before Cas is back from the bathroom.
Dean scrambles for lube and coats his fingers liberally. "We should get some flavored one so I can eat you out and finger you at the same time."
"Hmmmmm. Thank you. Now get to work." He slaps Cas butt and pushes him towards the office."I have to finish this up."
Dean is putting away his phone and plating scrambled eggs with cheese and vegetables, when Cas comes downstairs.
"He could pay some rent for using your house. Prepare him for the real world." Dean hugs Cas. "I like that. A lot. You here and Sam learning life skills."
"What I imagined was something like this. Sometimes naked sometimes not. Being useful? Appreciated? "
"Sweetheart, whatever is bothering you, please tell me. But I have nothing to say. I don't feel like anything went wrong last night. Everything was consensual."
Dean runs his finger over the vein on Cas' dick from bottom to top and watches him twitch, slowly filling out and getting hard.
Dean is shaking. His cock is leaking in a steady stream red and ready to burst and his arms are giving out. His face rests on top of the back of the couch and all he wants to do is fuck back.
Dean is in heaven. The world has gone quiet around him and all he can here is Castiel moaning his name.  Dean let's his hands roam Cas ass and dips his fingers into the crack, rubbing over his hole.
They pile on to the couch with Dean in the middle. Dean puts on a random channel and they talk about Sam's plans for college and what classes he plans on taking and asking Cas about his college experience.
[13.12., 19:46] Castiel: Keep it slow if you go deeper. Keep bringing lube in. Please don't hurt yourself
"I really want to hear you use cuss words. Maybe even a few innuendos or dick jokes. You are always so eloquent. "
The kissing goes on for a while and heats up more and more. They grope at each other's clothes and leave love bites wherever they can reach.
"I love  you too. It's... I guess I am enjoying the changes in my life and live how it has turned out. I am sorry if it's been hard for you."
"Yes please. Bed or nest? I don't thing I am going to last long. Pure panic mode for over an hour is worse than a day at the gym."
"Yes." Cas nods. "But Dean? The domination thing... it's mostly a mood thing for me, I can't control my moods most of the time. How am I supposed to communicate that?"
https://64.media.tumblr.com/c9aef75333a2a3157be0baea5004b399/696f525c744c6426-34/s1280x1920/9fba6dff994cc437e22657aa0d57cb2084dc9952.jpg
They stare at each other. Dean at Castiel's face and Cas at his hand. It's the please that is on his screen that pushes him. Dean makes a loose fist, barely enough contact to call it stroking and moves his hand.
Dean turns the lights on and looks around. "I'll pack clothes upstairs.  Wanna come with or wanna grab art stuff so we can get out of here faster?"
[28.12., 18:17] Dean: I remember being scared like he is. And I remember how ashamed I was when people called me out before I was ready.
"Yes. Oh God. " Dean raises his right arm and puts his hand on the back of Castiel's head, holding him in the spot that feels good.
With his eyes closed Dean just enjoys the feeling of having Cas in his  mouth  and uses his tongue to trace the large vein on the bottom from the tip all the way down to the root. Down there he swallows around Cas cock and massages the balls gently
"I don't know. Nothing too crazy seeing as its new years eve tomorrow. Which brings me to the question of what the plan is for that."
He hears a loud bonk sound and then Dean. " Jesus. Fuck! Ouch." He rolls from underneath the car bright red spot visible on his forehead even through the dirt.
"Sure." Dean grabs Santana and her leash. He meets up with Castiel at the door and they walk out together.
" If you are into it then yes. You said being called Sir turned you on and if that's true then yes we can but if you don't want anything to do with it then its fine too. Our sexlife will never be the main point of our relationship. I think that will always be our cell phones." Dean laughs
[3.12., 12:17] Castiel: Unless you're turning into s stalker and come into our neighborhood you should be okay
After they finish up the plate, Dean climbs behind Cas and makes him sit between his legs with his back to Dean's chest.
"I was in College and lived with Gabriel. They had a cat at the time and she was allowed outside. So this guy comes to pick me up and Peppy comes home and lays a dead mouse by his feet."
Dean and Benni are still fast asleep. Their position having shifted. Benni on his back and Dean with his head on his chest and his limbs wrapped around Benni.
Dorothy on her part is very confused about the sudden tension in the room. "Like the sexyest clubing outfit that he would wear to catch a one night stand."
Dean moves around in the bed until he is half sitting up and pulls Cas to settle over him."I want you to use my mouth. Just don't go too far. Remember I'm new to this. Yes?" Dean is waiting for Cas to move. "Please?! I've been thinking about this."
[13.12., 21:04] Dean : Does this feeling go away again? Its like I still have something up there and
"Sorry." Dean mumbles. Already halfway to asleep again. "At least you can still talk to me when I sleep." He smiles.
[26.5., 17:13] Dean: And we agreed I get to pick you up and can have you all to myself if I can talk you into lunch at his Saturday or sunday
"Ok. I am sorry I didn't listen and I am sorry for pressuring you. I didn't think me begging for that would go out of hand like that. I'll be good and listen if you still want to play."
Dean grabs a roll of paper towels and a small knife to cut up the strawberries and goes upstairs. He opens the bedroom door and finds Cas standing in front of the bed with his back to the door, bending over to take off his socks. "Well hello there."
Dean removes his own fingers and hands Cas the condom. He takes off his panties and sighs relieved as his hard cock comes free.
After they finished their little shopping tour, they headed back to Gabes to grab their stuff from him. The boys are still not back so Dean and Cas help to break everything down and load up the car for Gabe.
Cain claps a hand in Dean's shoulder. "He's a lucky man. I can't remember any time I had someone set something like this up with us in less then a few hours. Are you going to propose?"
Cas walks up to the door of Dean’s house. His instinct to call out "Honey, I'm home." dies as he remembers Sam lives there too now.
One because Cas hasn't told him he could and two, he is not sure how long he would last if he starts stroking now. Having Castiel stare at him is turning him on much more than he expected but he likes this game and he likes seeing the accountant facade crumble.
John's face is dark red and his hands are in fists but he steps aside. "You and Sam can go in. The other two stay out."
I wanted and want to make you feel good too and I am so fucking worried that I'll move wrong and you'll run and I loose you."
"Castiel.... nothing we do sex wise is more important than you full enthusiastic consent... nothing, you hear me."
[26.5., 09:09] Gabe: I thank you for going to this in my place. I am very grateful you did. I am disappointed that you broke your promise to me.  I had hoped you'd use the time away to get a different perspective.  Meet other people, see what's out there.
The opening and closing of the bedroom door alerts Dean to Cas and he rinses of the soap from his face, turning to wait for Castiel to join him.
"I know I cannot promise that certain things will never happen, but I can at least promise to try and do my best. I want to do my best at not freaking out. If I don't want something, I will tell you no. If I would never do it, I will try to explain why."
"I think the magic ingredients are you and me." Dean smiles. "Pretty sure we could eat dry toast in the rain and as long as we are doing it together we'd have a great time."
Dean looks down  to the grass and plucks a few strands to mess with. "It's odd to see I guess. Do you really believe all of that? Like virgin mary, God as the creator?"
"Ok, but what about the romantic attraction thing. I am just confused to be honest. I think I'd like to go with no flag until I figure myself out."
Dean shakes the can again." I really like whip cream."  And sprays a line from the sternum all the way down onto Cas cock.
"Morning sweetheart." Dean whispers and kisses Castiel's cheek. He places a cup of coffee on the nightstand.
"It's not like anyone means to force him to believe, it's just that I had the feeling, he had drawn strength from his newfound faith."
Gabriel hugs Castiel and shakes Dean's hand. "You hurt him, dog treats. Got it." He says pointing at Dean.
Charlie is making little pizza's that Cas can eat quickly and make sure Dean doesn't see them. Sam keeps snacking the veggies.
Dorothy comes into the kitchen. "If we are gonna make it in time for the game we need to head out. Are you guys ready?"
"For looking into it and being open to it." Dean kisses the top of Castiel's head. " I am hungry. I'll go make us sandwiches and let Tana out"
The roast is almost done when they hear Gabriel's car arrive and Castiel goes to see if they need help while Dean changes after the rather unfortunate strawberry filling incident.
Dean claws at Castiel's back and moves his hips against Cas', throwing one leg over his hips for more leverage.
Sam brings over the last dishes. "Yeah, I just never really cared and now with pride month he suddenly wanted to know and I had no answer."
Cas nods. Dean speaks up. "Give us a few to talk and digest the news please. It's.... very short notice. But I totally would love to borrow your car tomorrow to move some stuff."
[3.3., 14:21] Castiel: I'd take that cage off cause I like your hard cock. It looks pretty and delicious
He opens the door for him and then gets in the driver's seat.  "Very hungry or can you wait like 40 min?"
[8.12., 09:57] Dean: Because some people find it hot to get things like that during the day while at work where they can't do anything about it
"I have security cameras set up for my backyard and front door. They don't have  Mr. Winchester house on it but maybe something is on there showing someone? I have footprints in my backyard as well leading to Mr. Winchester house."
The lights are on in the living room and the kitchen. He thinks he can see Cas' shadow pass by the window.
Cas gets up when Dean leaves and gets ready in the bathroom. Once he's dressed he goes downstairs to make breakfast for his brother and his family.
With a twinkle in his eye, Dean finishes his food and boxes Cas in with his arms against the counter top. He runs his nose slowly up from his collar bone to Cas ear. "Would you like me to seduce you?"
"Food?" Dean asks. "I am to lazy to cook. But we could order in." He turns to his phone to see who is up for delivery today when he sees a message from Sam.
"No. I can't. I can't do this today. I don't want you to feel uncomfortable while we're on the road, my boy. With how much we'll be sitting, I would do you no favour."
Cas gets grabbed by Dean who let's himself fall backwards and takes his boyfriend with him. "I want you to use me as your pillow please. I like the feeling of you on my chest."
Cas smiles and mirrors Dean. Sucking on his cock he pours lube on his fingers and slowly pushes into him.
"It's good for him. Meeting people. I made him take some of his bee prints and made sure all of Gabriel's ads have him credited as the artist. Maybe he finds more work there. And being social. He needs that. As much as he hates it."
Dean stops. "Uhm, turns out, if all the break lights are out, the motor won't start. For safety reasons."
Dean grins. "You okay? I seem to remember you really liking the thrill of fucking me out in the open. Or was it just me across the hood that got you going? " Dean leans up on his elbows. "I had those bruises from your fingers on me for weeks. It was awesome."
"Oh trust me, this is very much for me." Dean chuckles and rocks his hips forward once,  pressing his hard cock to Cas ass.
[16.2., 06:54] Dean: I won't be at work today. Woke up with a fever. Guess that explains me being so exhausted yesterday.
Cas tries to hold himself back, but he had missed Dean too much for a simple chaste kiss. Dean moans and grabs on to Castiels head to keep him close. Cas moans too.
Santana is happy barking in the front seat like she knows where she is and whines at Dean to get out . He puts her leash on and grabs his bag.
"I am sorry". He presses a chaste kiss to Cas lips and gets up from his lap. "I am gonna drive home, take a cold shower and go to bed."
"Hello my friend. It's really good to see you. " Ezekiel pats his back. "It's been too long. How was your Europe trip?" He asks with finger quotes.
[28.1., 11:29] Castiel: Should i go by the shop and work there today? What time would you be at mine?
"I could feel how hard you were. How you started out hard. No foreplay. No softness. Just want. I felt so wanted and needed last night. I was just there for you and your pleasure and I loved that. And you let me come. You didn't have to but you did. I came so hard."
Cas seems to be half asleep when Dean asks him to turn around but becomes more aware of the room when Dean starts rubbing oil into his chest.
"I'm very embarrassed... I don't have a humiliation kink... my boner shriveled away. I think we should eat something and see where the day goes? We've slept in and it's already late afternoon... I... I'd like a bit of time to get out of my head. "
Dean looks to the floor at his feet. "I wanted to ... I wasn't sure what last night was gonna bring so... I thought.. if I had submitted... I wanted to make sure it doesn't get sexual and ... you know. Making out. You said you like PG making out. I ... I just...." He sighs.
[1.2., 21:36] Dean: Sam is nerd and his teachers like that. He is on track to graduate early. I am so proud of him. Dont tell him I said that. Tell gabe I say hi.
"Don't worry sweetheart. We see how hard you work and how happy you have been. It be a shame to let this" She nods towards the writing " hurt you."
[3.4., 14:33] Gabe: You didn't think it was that big of a deal. You knew what to expect. He doesn't. Give him a choice. Don't take the decision from him. Don't stay home. Let him know you will leave with him if he wants to but don't stay home. He'll feel guilty for making you miss it.
"No, the cover was enough. Why did he have to drip sauce?" But we'll definitely get him a new one now that he's gonna move in here."
"Same to you." Dean answers and crouches down. "Well hi there young lady. Who are you? My name is Dean and this is my... this is Castiel. We brought you some playdough. "
"No, Missouri didn't say anything bad about me wanting to move in with you. She made me feel alright about being more sexually active. She told me that I was doing good since I was with you."
Gabriel laughs. "Yeah, that sounds like something he'd pull and you love. Jack is right. You two are disgustingly happy."
[27.1., 16:18] Dean: Thank you so much. Now we just need to buy some more sheets... or I give him the scratchy ones.
[24.12., 20:31] Castiel: Nah, they're having family breakfast and unwrapping presents themselves. But they said to suggest you join us for dinner.
John laughs mockingly. "Oh my god you might as well fuck a girl. Look at that timid little bitch. What are you gonna do daisy? File my nails wrong? Fuck off you pansy." John points a finger at Dean "I expect my son to be at home by 8." He turns and starts to walk out.
[12.2., 10:12] Charlie: Nothing. He has skylights he wants to install. Make one huge room brightly lit. That could be an amazing art studio. You know. One day. Once you move in.🤣
"I saw him trying to sneak out from under my car. He must have done something like cut my break lines."
They call in the burgers for pick up and stop at the store for beer before going over to Garth's place.
"It's ok. Many things I want right now but won't do because it's not home. I feel better." Dean lifts his head. "Think we could cuddle in bed for some time? Kneeling is nice but..."
A few extra treats slip in because both had to wait for their food this morning and they do feel a bit bad for having them wait so long.
Castiel nods. "I guess. But you're also doing it for yourself, don't forget yourself, Babe." Cas places a kiss on Dean's knee. "Now turn around please."
Dean smiles and grabs the washcloth. He soaps it up and starts washing Castiel's shoulders and arms, down to his fingers. He works his way back up and rubs slow circles over Cas chest and further down to his stomach. Dean stops short of Castiel's groin and works his way back up. With a rough voice he asks. "Can you turn around please. I wanna do your back."
Castiel takes it and puts some more soap on. He washes Dean's chest slowly, taking everything he's missed in carefully.
Dean places the fruit pieces in a line from Cas ankles all the way to where his ass starts. He tops it off with a  little whip cream and steps back to admire his work. "The strawberries go great with your panties."
Cas keeps his eyes on Dean and sinks into the comfort of his green eyes. Reminding him that it's Dean in his bed and not anyone else.
"Fair warning, any yellow brick roads jokes will get you hurt." Dorothy says as she shakes Castiel's hand.
"However," Dean points at Benny and Garth. " nothing will be happening with you two in the house. You just wanna creep."
[3.12., 10:34] Dean: He refuses to adress the gay elephant in the car but is yelling at me for texting a stranger and accuses me of stalking him
Gabe peels Donna's hand off his face.  " I'm happy for you.  You know me well enough that I wouldn't have shown up if I didn't support this. "
Cas massages him gently while Dean rocks on his knees and fucks back onto the fingers. He moves his hand and adds his ringfinger, hissing through the stretch.
"I like having you come if you didn't plan or expect to." Dean smiles and pets Cas' legs. "You always look so surprised by your own orgasm."
Dean ruffles his hair. "You're a good kid. Now. Cas is gonna stay here tonight so ...." Dean trails off.
"It doesn't make you any gayer. It just makes you more comfortable with yourself and with acting outside faje society norms. It makes you awesome."
"Well, it's there though. Just not on my face I guess. My face does stupid crap anyway, so forget that..."
"No, not spanking. But just so you know, I did actually read up on that part... and turns out there's a difference between punishing spanking and pleasurable spanking..." Cas admits.
When Cas comes out of the bathroom he looks at the tie in Dean’s hand. "Babe, i won't keep you from wearing it if you want to, but you certainly don't have to, it's not a funeral."
[5.2., 16:17] Dean: Yes. Thankfully. I was sure I'd be stuck till 6 but Garth was on truck duty and instead of parking somewhere cosy and waiting, he came in with the phone and helped.
[4.2., 09:24] Charlie: Hmmmm double date on the weekend? Dorothy and Dean can finally get over their thing while we check it over?
Cas holds onto Dean’s hair tighter but when he registers where his hands are he moves them to the sheets instead.
[7.12., 21:43] Dean: I wanted to do something nice for after today. I wasn't sure if flowers would have been appropriate
They get dressed in less wrinkled and less paint splattered clothes and have coffee at the cafe close to Dr Mills' office.
Dean's legs are shaking from his orgasm and he let's them just slide of Cas waist making sure he keeps Cas cock in the groove of his hip. He keeps his grip on the ass and keeps circling and massaging Castiel's pucker .
Dean smiles. "Just because you are here doesn't mean you have to make food every night. You work too. In the studio. Help me up?"
[7.12., 15:38] Dean: If I don't answer for a few min its because I am changing a tire or pulling up a car
Cas shivers and breathes deeply. His fingers playing with Dean's hair again. "Can I take off yours?"
"That's good. Really good but would he accept if you told him you don't want the power play anymore?"
"I'm surprised by how many commissions I have, to be honest. It might not seem a lot at first glance, but those things do take time, so I am rather busy. And when I need a break I just go for a walk with the dog. It's really nice, actually. The artist life."
https://64.media.tumblr.com/2bfa722c40f3ad7d4d806f755e573bc8/f3be27551fd041df-d1/s1280x1920/d2061a7d6417a234f15a02861f9f33ac417e3dd0.jpg
"Yeah. I felt very stupid. But it wasn't mentioned anywhere.  No the handbook or school books. I found it online."
"What if we offered Sam to live at my place? Not that I mean to kick him out, Jesus, you know I have bad experience in that department... but, just, so he has somewhere where he can run to if he's too fed up with us???"
Dishes washed and leftovers put away, Dean walks to the studio with Cas and nervously shows him his little cross stitch thing he bought."
"Nah I'm good. I saw that you are good and healthy so I will be leaving you two to defile that fort all day. Maybe I can talk Donna into building one."
Cas licks Dean's thumb while running his hands over Dean's arms and shoulders as much as he's able to reach them.
"I ... Gabriel, I don't want to hold a grudge against you. You only tried to take care of me and I am thankful for that."
"Our appointment was an hour ago but I just did it alone. Talked about last night and my panic attack with her homework.
"I didn't mean to do this. I would've been happy just freaking laying next to you again. I'm so glad it happened though. I love you, Dean."
"But it's been so frustrating to explain math to Jack when it was way faster to just write down the answers."
When the priest and the community go into the dark church Cas waits until they're pretty much the last.
"Guys... oh my God please. I think I might just move out at the end of high-school anyways. This is getting to be a daily thing." Sam groans as he walks in
"Maybe after dinner... you can help me take it out? And ... I mean ... I'd be all open and ... you... I... you could use that ?  Dean mumbles.
"Oh I am sure you two are going to be doing wonderful. Who knows, maybe you learn a thing or two about each other."
After getting ready they meet in bed again and Dean leans over Cas to kiss him. "Wanna fall asleep making out?"
"I know I can trust you. Just, the knowledge of surprises makes me nervous. Surprises are great, but knowing there is one coming..." he chuckles nervously.
Dean takes a deep breath. "I don't like that word, it makes me feel uncomfortable.  It puts pressure on me to be this perfect prince charming and stresses me out. Call me handsome, cute, sexy or pretty. But in moderation. Don't go over the top please." He shyly looks at Cas.
[4.3., 11:16] Castiel: He's an old friend of mine from Bible Camp! He just moved back into town with his family.
[26.5., 09:08] Castiel: Listen Gabriel, if you give me a very, VERY good reason how you know what a sealed file says, then maybe I'll do the thinking…
[28.12., 17:52] Dean: Ok. I get it. You are probably hurt too. I can see that you read my messages. Please let me know if I should stop trying or if there is even still a chance?
Cas has the phone on his nightstand as it is also his alarm clock. He hears Dean's message tone and looks over to his phone. He struggles with himself and finally takes it after wiping his wet face.
[13.12., 08:28] Dean : Now everytime you get nervous or anxious you wiggle your butt and remember that i am wearing the same.
Dean feels bad too. He appreciates the gesture of a hand drawn picture but he really just wants to spend time with his boyfriend.
He drops to his knees in front of Castiel and starts ripping little pieces of French toast and bacon and holds them to Castiel's lips. " I really like feeding you."
[12.1., 09:19] Dean: It's  a lot of work to fix the last 3 years but then it shouldn't be more then 5 to 10h a week
"It was until Donna heard you guys were coming and wanted to add some fancy sauces." Gabriel shrugs.
"Oh God, Dean! I was so worried you wouldn't come!! So glad you're here." Castiel pretty much clings to him.
"Oh man tomorrow is Thursday.... I don't want to go to school or work. I want to stay here in the fort and snuggle."
Dean comes back and hands the plug to Cas. "It's clean, but I figured you might want to test it out."
Cas' face both lights up and looks like he's about to cry. He just wraps his arms around Dean and holds him as close as possible
Dean turns of the movie. Neither one of them really paid attention  to it anyways.  "Good night Angel. "
Castiel’s hand hurts. It's not only the typing, but, man, it's the mouse hand. But he's determined not to let John win and call in sick. He can do that.
[11.1., 09:38] Castiel: Tell her I'm asking for her number so ican ask her about the Handmaiden thing…
"Sorry, the last few days have been busy. But on the bright side, we just gotta get in the car and drive off... well, after we packed some sandwiches."
Dean stammers on. "You seemed to like the feeling of being in my mouth more in the beginning then the actual blowing. "
Dean introduces him. "Now that the one with the wallet is here, I'll go and change into some matching shoes."
Gabe looks at Dean then back at his brother. "You kinky son of a bitch! I can not believe you two build a sex fort."
[31.3., 22:59] Castiel: Me too. But i really enjoyed this too. I didn't think i missed it this much.
Now that Dean has his arms free he moves a hand to his own cock and wraps his fingers around himself.
Cas screams and laughs at the same time. "I  - did not! - Guineas -  are super - cute..." he wheezes.
"Your boyfriend wants to take you out and doesn't want to be taken out. Also, your boyfriend might have become a little more confident thanks to you?"
Dean shakes his head. "I could take a nap right now." He grins.   " I didn't think holding back to watch you come on my cock would be this exhausting but good god was it worth it.  "
https://64.media.tumblr.com/16f3b9778d24ecbb042b262e7391f13d/4d883047eedfc4e1-4b/s1280x1920/11b2aba9fe864667ce3bd2b53f40e0b1458c333a.jpg
"Yeah. That doesn't mean you are forcing yourself to do stuff you don't want to do. Yes. I like it. A lot. Definitely more than you but I don't need you to pretend for me. Is... that was happened the other day... our sex Sunday? Did you only do it cause I wanted it? Did you even enjoy it? Is that why you didn't... didn't finish at night? Was that just for me?"
They ask for the check and Cas Pays for the both of them. When Dean tries to protest he shots him a look Dean has never seen and he shuts up immediately.
Dean chuckles. "Yeah... I am just.. I just need to get used to him. Puberty didn't stop me from doing it with anyone in the house. It's just weird after having been alone."
Castiel runs his hands up to Dean's ass and softly rubs Dean's hole. Dean pushes his ass towards the pressure and moans.
A weekend wrap up because life and stuff and things make it impossible to do each day individually. We hope you enjoy anyways.
"Ooooh! Well. There's cockrings of course. And if you're as sensitive as you say, well, have him go until he comes too, you might be in for another orgasm."
"Good job Cas! Ok next slide. A penis. I think we all know what they look like. I just added some tips. "
Gabriel nods and walks to the open driver's side of his car. He pulls a beaten up manila envelope from the car and hands it to Dean. "It's sealed right? Nobody should be looking for it in the basement."
"I am scared that he wouldn't. I'm scared that he'll be too unsatisfied and find someone new to fulfill his needs."
"I like cooking. I like cooking for others even more. It feels nice that everyone liked it." He shrugs. "Maybe I feel like this makes me a part of the family. "
[31.3., 21:23] Castiel: Are you sitting or kneeling? I'm sitting at the table imagining sitting beside you in the car
With so much more skin underneath him now, Dean strokes his hands all over Cas back and chest. He scratches through the slowly growing back chest hair and plays with Castiel's nipples whenever he runs over them.
They cuddle a while then clean up in a joined shower then move the cuddling to the bed until they fall asleep in each other's arms.
"He looks a bit out of it but he'll be fine." Benny reassures Cas. Garth nods. "Yeah. He'll be fine. More worried if yall are ready to be daddies."
Dean pushes one hand Into Cas's hair to hold him close and grabs his ass with the other.  He puts is feet on the bed and spreads his legs and starts fucking into Cas slowly.
Dean pulls his overall over his ass and ties the sleeves together. "I like your food but don't feel bad if you don't feel like cooking. Let's go upstairs. "
Once outside Dean takes a deep breath and shakes out the nervous energy inside of him. "Ok. Hit me. What's next?"
The lady at the reception desk is chuckling. "I like him. He looks so much happier since he comes in here with you."
"I like this. "Dean whispers. I can feel you so deep." He swivels his hips. "But you're close enough for kissing."
"You plan on breaking up with me? Scratched my car? Had secret pie you didn't share? Please tell me."
"I .. babe... I am not hiding. You didn't make me horny. I am horny by nature. You turn me on, a lot. However I don't want you to feel like you have to do anything about it. I didn't jerk off while you were out. I jerk off when I shower because the water feels nice and soaking up my dick feels nice and slippery and I think about you since we started sexting. I don't run and hide to jerk off everytime we cuddle or make out. I did jerk off after I left your house and I told you about it. I told you that was gonna happen and that you in your sexy outfit will be staring. "
Dean watches Cas while he is making food. "You look a lot better today then the rest of the weekend."
"I didn't mean to feel bad. I didn’t mean to make you feel bad about studying so hard. But I need you back. I need you next to me at night. I need you to wake me up so i can kiss you goodbye and wish you a successful day."
"Like this. I made you hot chocolate and you liked it and now I get to be here with you  ... I don't know... " Dean stammers.
Dean is sitting on the couch when Cas walks back inside. He has a bottle of lube in his hand and nervously smiles as he puts it down in front of him.
"What? Why do you have other people's dogs? Do they know you have it? Can play with her in the fort?"
He pulls Castiel back onto his chest and presses small kisses to his neck while he drags a soft wash cloth over his chest to clean off the cum he's left.
After finding a website that does business cards in smaller batches for a decent price, they design something fun and order.
"I mean... yes. There were times when I was, and times when I don't want sex. There's times when I don't want to be touched, or don't care about being touched, but very much enjoy touching you and giving you pleasure. If that makes any sense."
[24.5., 18:30] Dean: Hey babe. Benny and Garth are coming over with pizza. If they bring beer I have them stay on the couch. OK?
"No. Don't be. " Dean hugs him closer. "I'd rather make sure you're OK. I can hand in my homework online."
[25.3., 10:46] Dean: Morning babe. Sorry for sneaking out on you but you kinda growled at me when I said good morning."
"He is the most condescending customer I have ever had, however I had no idea who he was so I took his car and had Cas help me. Cas let out the old oil, hence the shower, and touched nothing else. This dude overheard me calling him babe and threw a bitchfit over women not being fit for working on cars. When Cas tried to leave, he verbally attacked him. I found out who he was and punched him. He went down like lead."
"Have you started looking for a new car?" Dean asks in the middle of their movie. " just remembered because of their car accident. " He points towards the screen.
"Mrs. Masters, you need to calm down. If you wouldn't have hidden the restraining order and Court cases from us we wouldn't be here right now."
[21.1., 15:34] Dean: I leave here in 30 min but I am going to mine to get ready. I come and pick you up
"The meadery is tiny. They only produce a few bottles a year and make most of their money from their honey. " Dean tells him.
Dean is holding the cat and nods. "Let's go. And yes. Him and me had a talk. we are gonna try this."
Deans breath stutters. "I am sorry. I don't know what's wrong with me. Everything was fine and then it wasn't."
"Maybe... we'll see. I'd rather not have to feel like shit to get there, so I can't promise things."
"Very true. But you both need to learn each other's ways. Patience. It's not always bliss, Dean. It's not. You won't agree on every single thing.  But love makes you accept your partner, including their flaws." Charlie says.
Dean turns the shower luke warm and gets in. He just stands there for a few minutes, letting the water wash over him. After, he actually cleans himself and dries off. He wraps the towel around his hips and unlocks the door.
"Awwwwe thank you babe. " Dean smiles and climbs into bed. He puts his head on Cas chest and gets comfortable.
They spent the day like this. Snuggled on the couch with snack breaks and bathroom breaks. Cas is able to do that himself now and seems more stable walking as well. He still shivers at times but his fever isn't nearly as bad anymore.
"I think that trip was a success babe. As much as I missed you, it looks like you had a good time. That's awesome."
Dean comes running down the stairs and trips on the last one falling down in front of Cas but he catches him. "Slowly, Sweetheart, it's not like we have a reservation or something..." he chuckles and helps him stand up.
Dean keeps stroking Castiel and kisses his way up the chest. He bites a nipple on his way up and kisses Cas hard once he can reach his lips.
Dean grabs a slice of pizza and between bites says" I left my bag with my clothes by the bed. We can store just the bag in your closet? Less chance of cramping?"
[6.12., 18:23] Castiel: I'm sorry it's such a complicated way, but i didn't know how else to get it to you
[2.12., 11:08] Dean: Special cat. Mein neighborhood stray only eats from the neighbours across the street. Mine always got ignored
https://64.media.tumblr.com/6a48ef8b74b0d774e195b6b7a734a8e5/dd0193cd4ec9e223-11/s500x750/810bc9620838e4e36a77ad58afd1e4f95f0540d3.pnj
"Your uhm.. your sex drive... has it always been  like that? Or did your relationships contribute? "
Dean goes to work upset. The more he thinks about their morning, the angrier he gets until Garth speaks up shortly after lunch. "Dean! Stop it. That wrench is gonna snap if you keep tightening."
"Sounds good." Sam heads upstairs for a quick shower and Dean finishes up dinner. Cas should be home any minute.
"Yell at me, treat me like garbage and a sex toy." He swallows. "Be abusive in any way. At least that's what I'd hope to be able to walk away from and my family and therapist expect from me."
"No. Just possibly a stupid idea." Dean grins.  He checks his phone. "Sam is back home. Sounds like they get along."
Deans phone pings with Cas message. Neither man hears it as he forgot it on the couch table before going to bed.
"It's just... I don't... I didn't think you'd want to hold hands in public, but you seem to cling to me. Not that I mind. I love holding your hand."
"Ok. Next up we have a graphic of the male anatomy to help you look for the prostate.  You can feel the different texture but knowing the general area of where to feel for it helps."
"I feel like a loser. I mean. It's just bees... but God damn it its a lot of them. It's like flash backs to my girl."
Cas puts the cup down when he's emptied it. "Back to sleep now." He declares and lays his head on Dean's lap.
Dean strokes his face. "Hey babe. You with me? You had a nasty nightmare. Sorry. But it felt like waking you up was best."
" I kinda just threw everything at her. Told her all about us and some stuff I probably shouldn't have told her. I'm sorry. I needed to vent and scream and cry and she always answers my calls."
Dean's pajamas pants have slid down with all of their moving around and when Dean feels the sting from the bite his muscles tense up and comes between their bodies.
[4.1., 17:18] Dean: Shot could have gone so sideways... I could have triggered you into panic attacks
Dean blushes at that. He feels pretty when he wears them but hearing it makes him feel better about liking the panties.
Dean sits down on the grass. "Slowly Ok. I'll stay here and watch you this time. We are close enough that they fly past me. Next time I will sit closer."
Once they arrive they are greeted by a young man in his early 20s. Maybe one or two years younger than Dean.
Cas runs his hand over Dean's back and Dean shuffles closer to get more comfortable. Now that he doesn't need to balance his weight anymore he uses his hands to pet over Cas arms and hair.
Dean takes a deep breath."She'll probably ask you if you are ready or willing to have me top or not. Because I expressed feeling lost about the topic because you never asked me to top but enjoyed fingering... if she asks how your partner feels ... he feels very insecure and scared to mess things up."
"I didn't say I want to go." Cas takes a deep breath. "Look, i don't want to argue or fight on the phone. We'll talk later in person."
"Why don't you call? What can be important enough for you to come here?" Cas groans but moves aside to let him in.
He pulls Cas on top of him and puts one of his legs over Cas leg, making sure he stays where he is, before kissing Castiel deeply.
Cas signs the rental contract and takes the keys. "Want to bet Gabriel would rather like to see my old car?" Cas laughs looking at Dean.
"Love you too." Castiel calls after him. Then he goes to shower and takes his time getting ready. He walks Santana and feeds her and Lucifer before he heads off to his session.
[1.2., 10:21] Dean:  just talking. Told him about the artist thing and asked him to be an outside opinion as I am biased.
"I think I'll go to work tomorrow and see how I do. No point in staying home being sexy gardener when only the neighbors enjoy it."
"I did not expect tonight to have a make out session on the agenda." Dean whispers in between kisses.
"Good god you are beautiful when you come." Dean says and wraps his arms around Cas, soothing his shaking body.
"Ok." Dean mumbles and nearly misses his mouth with the water. He falls back into bed and stares at Cas with glassy eyes.
[4.1., 18:56] Dean: Well, you see. I used to be able to spend time alone. Watch TV, read or whatever.
Dean shakes his head. "We will be working through a lot of shit in the future including my apparent hypersexuality. It seems I am the problem."
Dean nips and sucks his way across Cas' chest, he makes sure that  Cas' nipples are clean before he moves down to Castiel's stomach and licks over the skin in broad swipes.
Dean jumps when he hears Cas speak behind him. He turns around and hands over the flowers with a bright red face. "I got you these. I am sorry. Its stupid."
"Yeah I know. I think we got pretty decent at that already. I just don't want you to feel pressured."
Dean agrees. "Yeah I don't think I will either. It's hard to put those two Castiels together as the same person."
"That.. babe.. that's not what I meant." Dean grabs his face." I meant that as thank you, I didn't expect that to happen."
"Same thing sweety. Just some people think it's weird because it's pretty underwear but I don't think it matters. Do you?"
"I'm so wet. I can feel the fabric rubbing over me. So good and soft." Dean mumbles into Cas mouth before he kisses him hard.
[3.2., 09:05] Benny: But I meant like don't dedicate the whole room to him. Give him a corner and set up space for you too, start a hobby that needs space. So he doesn't feel super overwhelmed by your gesture.
Cas leans over him and picks up the bag of gummy bears he had put on the spot where Dean had spilled the coffee.
"I am worried... about that couch  and the cover we had to buy. Can we put a towel down or something?"
Dean shuffles in his sleep and gravitates towards Cas' side of the bed. His hand grabs for Cas pillow and he hugs it.
Sam sighs. "Fine.  You guys ask Gabe. Jack should be here in a few then we can make a plan. See if he wants to."
"Hey babe. Good morning. I have to run but I hope you have a good day." Dean kisses him on the cheek and hands him a cup of coffee.
They laze around, cuddling and kissing and rearranging stuff for the party they think of while looking at it.
"I may have disliked your car but I am still sorry it went out like this babe." Dean says and kisses the top of his head.
[20.1., 11:16] Dean: You got a lot done yesterday. Anything you want me to do or should I leave your papers alone?
Cas alarm goes off just a few minutes later and Cas groans and turns his head, so the other cheek rests on Dean's chest. "Shut up." He mumbles.
Spit is running down Dean's chin and his cock is leaking onto the floor. His fist is making obscene squelching noises everytime he moves up and down on his dick.
I think I am pretty well prepared. Nervous but there is literally nothing else I can put into my brain." Dean shrugs. "So I went shopping for the week to relax a bit."
Dean and Cas get woken up by their alarms and both groan. Neither one wants to get up and start the week but they manage to roll out of bed.  Dean hits the bathroom first while Castiel starts the coffee in the kitchen.
Dean smiles at Cas.  "And smart. He can explain complicated things so you understand them but he also gets new things very fast and is interested in learning new stuff."
Dean smiles and kisses Cas nose before he lays back down like he woke up. On his front, one arm under the pillow, the other stretched out towards Cas.
Cas kisses his cheek and puts the coffee on the nightstand. "Bye gorgeous." He whispers and sneaks back out then heads to work.
Dean pulls at Cas waistband and after Cas lifts his hips, Dean leaves the sweats around Cas ankles. He nuzzles and licks the soft cock, humming happily.
After the credits start rolling, Dean wraps up their trash and starts the car. "Your house or mine?"
Dean chuckles into Castiel's kiss. "I think I got that right." He whispers.  "We may get completely different things out of that cage but I think it was a great gift."
"No wait, I really want to make you food. This whole thing today... I want to ... do stuff for you. Can I make food? "
"What the actual freaking fuck just happened?" He wonders as he gets dressed. He pockets Dean's phone and Baby's spare key, then heads out to his own car. Instead of driving straight to work he detours via campus and drops Dean's phone in his car.
"I am not running away from you. I was trying to sort my emotions. I don't want to lash out verbally and say something I'll regret. So I go and spend time by myself
"Hmmm." Dean hums and wraps his arms around Cas. He pets along his back with one hand and holds Cas head gently in place.
Cas takes it with his own teeth. "I mostly look at them reminiscing and because I really like them."
They unpack until the sun goes down and Castiel's stomach growls angrily while he sorts some of his books into the shelf in the living room. Dean snorts at the sound. "Dinnertime?"
"I have no plan. I just wanted to kiss you..." Dean breathes. "But you're on my lap... I'd love to have you ride me."
Deans mind is floating. The scratching of Cas on the paper is soothing and  the feeling of Cas cock throbing on his tongue is all he cares about right now. The ache in his knees doesn't matter and neither does anything from the outside world. It's just him and Cas and whatever his boyfriend wants from him today. He can let go of the stresses of the last few days.
"Hmmm yeah. Sam hasn't messaged anything yet and his room is empty. I think he snuck out on me so I can't make a big deal out of him leaving."
Deans back bows and he tightly clenches his muscles. He moves back towards Cas fucking himself on Cas cock and whines because he is so close. Just a little more of something that he doesn't know what.
Its not much and may sound a bit different to our usual writing here but we had to make up yesterday due to me. I am sorry. I hope you guys enjoy it anyways.
Dean takes the bucking as a sign that he is doing something his boyfriend really likes. "God you are so hard for me. If I was prepared I could just ride you. Have me split open by that beautiful cock of yours. "
"We would have found a way. You could have said no and just held me. Maybe I wouldn't have gone on the walk with you but we would have found a way."
They walk into Dean's house and Castiel closes the front door after him. Dean excuses himself upstairs to get dressed in warmer clothes.
Once in bed and dressed in the pajamas from yesterday, Dean shuffles over to Cas.  "Hey sexy, wanna make out?"
Dean knocks on the office door. "Ready Angel? Santana is already home and I think Charlie plans on catnapping lucifer."
[11.3., 10:55] Anael: Hey Hot Stuff, my brother told me about last night. Thank you, for everything. Also, next time, I would like to get invited to the punch fest... :-*
[28.1., 11:13] Gabriel: Oh I wish I could watch Castiel during that talk. Take pictures for me. But yeah. I am OK with that. I'll talk to my wife tonight. If she doesn't want that I let you know.
Donna smiles.  "Don't be.  She's shown us how mature and responsible she can be. She took care of them all on her own. Walks, feeding, toilet. Everything."
Dean pulls off the shirt and throws it over his head. He runs his hands over his chest and turns around to wiggle his butt in Cas direction before he slips his fingers into the waistband of his shorts and slowly lowers it down.
"Yes. Wanna invite him over this weekend and tell him? I think in a private setting it would be better."
[3.2., 09:34] Benny: I have eyes, and remember that bonfire night we drunkenly decided to go swimming?
My one person that I am allowed to mingle with lives pretty far away. New regulations are looming that would make it impossible for us to see each other and I am coping with that on top of life in general. Depending on what our local government decides today I might be crying for a few days.
She nods her head and writes something on her notepad. "Mr. Winchester.   What are your flaws? Do you have any? Does Mr. Novak have any?
"Ok so I am gonna hand the phone to Cas cause no matter how I put it it will never sound as good as coming from him."
[6.12., 20:37] Dean: This is nice https://www.mensuas.com/collections/mens-lace-underwear/products/secret-male-smi024-floral-bikini?variant=31779416768583
Dean fucks into Cas fist. "You opened my pants and just pulled my cock out and got me hard for you. Then you just climbed on." Dean moans.
They finish cleaning up and head upstairs. Once in bed, Dean turns to Cas and plays with the stubble on his chest.  "You're growing back. It feels nice."
Dean peels the sugar packet in his hand apart. "Uhm... I am dropping my mechanics classes. This week is my last. I take the final exams with everyone."
Cas has slumped home, and straight to his bedroom. He's laying on his stomach feeling nothing but sad emptiness.
"Hey."He inhales. "You smell like paint and soap. I like it." And presses a kiss to his cheek. "Hello again. Since you didn't hear me earlier."
"You'll have admin access where you can upload pictures of your work and add a description or something and sort them into the folders. Like cars, advertisements, spicy and so on. For prints we need to find you a good and reliable company that does them for you so when someone orders from you it goes to them."
I am trying to add something in to the time frame where they are not texting. Let me know if this works for you guys? Please.
They sleep in late on Sunday to avoid the hangover both are bound to be having as they went to bed tipsy the night before.
[26.5., 11:13] Castiel: Yes, I do. He makes sure i always have enough space. He doesn't come into the studio unless I allow it.
Digging his fingers in a little more so it doesn't tickle, Dean moves on to the sides and ribs . He likes how it feels going over Castiel's strong muscles . He can feel his boyfriend take deep breaths whenever he skirts over the sides of the stomach.
"I don't mean to make you uncomfortable but I told you before that I'll tell you when I jerk off and damn if you didn't look amazing last night." Dean pulls Cas in by his tie and kisses him. "The accountant look is really hot too. Are you wearing something pretty underneath?"
"I'd rather stay  in bed with you but I must go my love. " Dean says dramatically and snickers as he gets up.
"Yup. I'm glad he has a friend. He's been.... not the most social person and I don't think he believes my friends are his as well..maybe after tonight that will change."
Cas strokes him faster. "My good boy. So pretty. You will not come before I have." He husks low and determined.
"Ok. Then put something on. If it makes you feel better then I am all for it. I might just try and kiss you better from back here." Dean answers and starts to pepper small kisses across the neck in front of him.
[26.5., 10:58] Castiel: I'll try. Because you mean a lot to me. But that's also why it hurts that much.
"You are welcome. I am glad you are doing better. I have to go get Santana back from Charly today and have to go to school tomorrow."
He finally wakes around 4 in the morning, not able to sleep anymore and sneaks out of bed. He pushes his pillow towards Castiel  and smiles when cas grabs it and hugs it tight
[24.12., 22:35] Dean: https://www.johnniescloset.com.au/mens-all-over-sheer-bodysuit-black/new-items/
"I am proud of myself for being able to tell you that I love you. I would only talk to her about happy things. I can wait till next week to brag."
"You're... damn, Babe. Get more sleep. Is there anything I can do for you? I know you said you binge Star Wars when you're sick, but you're so not up for tv... I can read Star Wars novels to you though?" He suggests
Cas wraps his arms over Dean's and holds him close. Dean has found the spot on Castiel's neck where shoulder meets head and the skin there is so soft he can't help but suck a little mark.
"No. Don't be. We'll fix this. Just fucking stop punching people in my garage please. It messes with the tapes." Rufus winks.
"And to think therapy had been so good today." Cas sighs. "She had been very proud of me. Said we could consider tri-weekly instead of bi-weekly. She's even commissioned a big canvas painting for the reception area, Dean."
[22.1., 11:35] Castiel: It's your birthday... i just can't keep your friends and family away. They kinda have a right to wish you well and maybe visit you…
"Are you receptive to seduction today? Cause I might just feel like a general celebration with blow jobs.  Maybe in the shower?  Together? "
He goes to close the door and sees the pizza man come up his driveway.  Dean pays for the food and thanks him.
[22.1., 09:07] Gabe: Sex him up. He seems to be the kinda guy that would love to spend all day naked
"You go shower babe, i make coffee." Dean says to a grumpy Cas.  He kisses on top of his bed head and gets up.
"Yes." Dean smiles and yawns. "I hate modern cars. It took me 4h to figure out all I needed to do was change a light bulb."
"Sorry. Condensation. But I am afraid since I got it out of the fridge it might be a bit cold. Still ok?"
Dean is being pushed up the bed till he has to use one hand to push back from the headboard. "Fuck fuck fuck Cas.  Ah. Harder. Yes right there!" He babbles consistently, begging for harder and faster.
[3.2., 21:26] Dean: They don't advertise it. They do that at gay parties I guess.... or certain circles.
[27.4., 12:45] Castiel: No idea yet. We didn't plan that far ahead, we first wanted to know who's in.
The picture Dean looks at takes his breath away. The model is wearing cherry red latex shorts. Like really tight hot pants. They hide absolutely nothing but cup the front and back very very nicely.
Castiel holds onto Dean's biceps tight, nails digging in as he grinds down more desperately. His jaw is clenched so tight it hurts when he comes, desperate to make no sound at all. He collapses onto Dean breathing hard.
" You're right. I don't know what to do. I want to grab you and just kiss you sometimes, other times I want to feel your skin under your shirt when we make out. I really would have liked to touch you last night. But you didn't want me to. You were in charge and not once did you ask me to touch you."
Dean licks his lips. "How good are you with drawing sharp angled viewpoints? Because I am thinking I could blow you while you draw me."
Dean comes into the house. The door to the studio is open so he goes to check and sees Cas working. He goes to the kitchen for his first dose and then changes into comfortable clothes before grabbing a blanket and walking back to Cas. He silently enters the studio and grabs his cross stitch. He sits next to Cas on the floor and keeps working on his own project.
Dean puts the drinks on the table and sets out plates. Santana and Lucifer have curled up together on the couch. Happy to be together again.
[16.2., 18:35] Sam: He always comes out fine btw. Takes him 2 to 3 days to burn through whatever it is but the shit he says is amazing.
"Meg Masters got arrested last week. She tried to set fire to a CPS workers house and got busted. Apparently someone did some digging and that worker had been the one that took her foster child from her after her violent past became known."
"From the outside perspective... that's what it comes across as to me but that's because I have no concept of religion and it's all the same to me.
Dinner is leftovers and after that Dean and Cas decline a movie, in order to start packing stuff they don't need for the next few hours.
Dean shows him how he puts it on but moves away when Cas wants to help. "Don't touch please. If you touch me I will get hard and then I won't be able to put it on." He laughs.
"I get that. Like I said. Don't worry about it. I've gone so long without, I can wait. Plenty of things to learn still. I am sorry if that confession made you uncomfortable. "
Dean gently runs his hand over Cas shoulder, down his arms and to his hand before traveling back up and over Cas chest. With his other hand he blindly grabs something of the plate. It's a slice of cucumber and he gently rubs it over Cas lips. "Open please."
Deans arms start to shake from the awkward position but he keeps kissing Castiel back, not letting him end the kiss.
When Dean wakes up a few minutes later, he can smell coffee and his stomach growls.  He gets up and uses the bathroom before going downstairs on much more stable legs than the day before.
"Dean. You don't have to be sorry. If that's something you want I'm willing to talk about it with you."
Castiel has never felt so embarrassed in his life. He regrets not following Dean's example of calling in sick.
"Nooo." Dean pouts and takes extra good care of Castiel’s fingers,  making sure they are really nice and clean after those last bits.
[3.2., 08:58] Dean: Probably not long enough to make a space for him in my house. Hence me asking you to talk me out of it or helping me
[1.2., 10:24] Dean: i may have just reacted on instinct and hoped as family he would be more grounded
Dean checks the time. "Shit you got to hurry. Looks like this wasn't as quick of a quicky after all."
"Castiel. I don't know what was said on the phone last night but he didn't come to bed and I found him drawing at the crack of dawn looking incredibly sad. I don't like when my boyfriend is sad because it makes me sad too and I think he's had enough bullshit to deal with that he shouldn't be sad or unhappy. . ." Dean pauses. "I get you are protective, probably more so than any other big brother due to his history but your means of protecting him, should not make him look like someone killed his puppy. You don't trust me. Fine. I don't trust you either. I don't know how you got a hold of my SEALED case file but using that against me and our relationship is bullshit and unfair. It is sealed because not only was I a minor, I also did all of my anger management classes, but passed and I not only fulfilled my mandatory therapy hours, I am still seeing her because it helps me. None of my openly available police records Include violent behavior. You'll find drunk and disorderly as well as a few DUIs. Thats it. I am not proud of that but there is nothing I can change about that right now. I can deal with you not liking me or not trusting me, but I won't let you hurt Castiel's feelings like this without saying something. You care. Yes. But you can't treat him like a child. "
Dean doesn't say anything, just relaxes against Castiel. Castiel kisses his cheek and rubs his back.
Dean smiles. "So now kids talk is OK? While I am underneath you with a raging hard on begging for more?"
They stay quiet for a while and Cas breath evens out. Dean checks and sees that he fell asleep on top of him.
"Creepy cool. I am glad you are having fun. I think I am gonna go back to the safer zone and keep watching you two. Ok?"
[4.12., 07:29] Castiel: And I was sober, so if you sending me porn had been a real problem, I would have told you.
Dean undresses and slips on pajama pants, forgoing a shirt and settles on the bed. "Ok. Come here? Please?" He holds his arms open.
Dean moves his hips again. "Then let me be on top. " He puts his hands on Cas' chest again and raises up on his thighs slowly before going down  again just as slow.
After they finished, Castiel gets up to put their plates in the dishwasher. "Can you give me your thermos too?" He asks. "I have just enough space left for it."
