Sam met everyone’s gaze and raised his finger to his lips in a signal that none of them should join Dean for the final verses. He wanted to hear his brother give in and let go.
Castiel noticed the sun begin to crest on the horizon and looked down at Dean. He was about to point out the oncoming sunrise when he noticed Dean’s eyes had shut and he was resting his head against the angel's chest as soft snores escaped his mouth.
Castiel took the cue to set his next shot and start his turn. He found what looked like a fairly easy shot and went through his internal checklist of what Dean had done the last turn. Set feet, bend over, raise elbow but not too high, aim the cue, strike without too much force. He almost made it to striking when Dean’s hand on his shoulder interrupted him.
“Please, Dean. I don’t want to talk about it.” Castiel pushed himself away from Dean and stood up for the first time since he’d woken up. The angel rose to his feet and saw Dean nod and reach out his hand for help.
“Sammy? I’m back! I got that arugula crap you wanted! Sam?” Dean’s calls filled the room and as soon as he reached the top of the stairwell, Sam flicked the light switches and filled the war room and library with light.
Rowan
Seeing the pain you have felt recently I have begun to reconsider my actions. I do not mean that I wish I had not pushed you to see yourself more positively. I will never wish I had not done that. I just wish there was some other way to save your life that did not require what I put you through. I understand the years have not been kind to you and I do not want to be a burden on you, especially now.”
“Never.” The angel’s voice came smooth and sweet as honey as he gently stroked Dean’s cheekbone with his thumb.
He tugged at the hand until the two were directly face to face. He could see the emotion and anxiety reflected on Castiel’s face that Dean felt to the depths of his soul. There was no other way to describe it. Perhaps the angel too was just as terrified of what they were attempting to share.
Castiel turned his face to the phone and scrunched his nose as he read the name: “Bleeding out”. He turned to look back at Jack as he dropped his next chip and spoke “This song seems violent Jack. Are you sure it is age-appropriate for you?”
When the car eventually came to a stop, Claire jumped out to stretch her legs. They had been on the road for over an hour and her back was killing her. As she stretched, Claire noticed the large parking lot and the huge building in front of them.
“I’m so sorry Dean. I had no idea. This is why you've been beating yourself up along with everything else you can possibly break, isn’t it? You think it’s your fault. It’s not. He chose to save you, Dean. Just like he always did.”
Hello Lovelies! Final exam week is upon me which means it will be unlikely I will have the time to finish up the next chapter until next week so i wanted to get this one to you a little early. I will be sure to post if at all possible since things are about to get really juicy!
The angel felt Dean’s pinky finger link with his own and the man tugged him forward to rest their foreheads together. Castiel melted into the touch and finally began to understand why humans valued this holiday so much: love was truly beautiful in and of itself and was deeply deserving of celebration. He was sure there was nothing in all of creation that could have compared to the connection he felt with Dean. It was something unique, fragile, and beautiful.
“What’s going on?” Eileen asked once Jack was out of earshot.
“Dean”
Kisses,
Be sure to leave comments with recommendations for future chapters! New chapters come every Tuesday and Thursday!
“It’s alright Dean, I don’t blame you. Oh, and for your own safety and mine, you should stay out of the dungeon. I think it would be best for you to put some space between it and you for a while. Now go grab your bag. We have work to do.” Sam turned out of the kitchen upon finishing his request, making his way to his own room to begin packing his bag for the hunt.
“Come on buddy,” he whispered gleefully while tugging the curtain aside and pulling the angel in by the hand. “Sit here, next to me, and stare at that thing right there”
“I’m pissed at him Sammy. He just gave up and left me on the floor to spend the rest of my days wondering what the Hell happened. If I ever see him again I swear the first thing I’m gonna do is beat him within an inch of his stupid little life.”
Hello Lovelies! I am so excited for the big finale that I can hardly take it! With only eight more chapters to go, I'm starting to really reflect on this journey as a whole. I started writing in March this year and after nearly five months of work, this chapter of my life is starting to come to a close. Of course, none of it would have been possible without your amazing support this far. Because of this, I wanted to dedicate this chapter to all of you and your amazing support of me, my ambitions, and my dreams. Just like our Team Free Will supports each other, you have supported me and have helped me accomplish something I could hardly have dreamed of just a few months ago.
“I told you, Sam, you were supposed to call me, Remember?” Eileen asked with a hint of jest in her smile. This seemed to help Sam as the wrinkles in his forehead eased and he leaned back in his chair, no longer offensively on edge.
Any old how, (any Gabe stans in the house???), No warnings for this chapter. Would love to hear what you think in the comments and on my tumblr, rowanspn.
“Hello Clarence,” it sneered before crushing the cell phone with its free heel. “Miss me?”
Hello Lovelies!
Castiel scanned the table and set himself again, this time missing the ball he was aiming for entirely. The disappointment disappeared quickly as he heard Dean laugh.
“Oh trust me, I think I will be doing that for the rest of eternity with those two.”
Rowan
Dean looked back with no desire to do anything but sit there and wallow in his own self-pity, but instead, he tentatively picked up the fork and cut himself a small piece.
“You should really take better care of yourself, Dean. Your liver was the worst of it.”
Hello Lovelies! This chapter includes a reference to a song. Only the song title is mentioned and I own no rights to it, mean no copyright infringement, etc. All the good stuff.
“Yup, just like that but you need some equipment first.”
Thank you and for the last time,
Jack leaned back and looked into his father’s eyes. “You’re home now Castiel. Once Dean got you out, Rowena used my power and a spell she made to wake you up. You're safe.”
Dean carefully swaddled the sleeping infant in its sheet and lifted him into his arms. “I guess we have some shopping to do on our way home.”
Castiel reached for the phone but a shiny black shoe landed on his wrist, effectively pinning him down. He looked up the suited frame that was awash in sunlight and tried to focus. Castiel did not recognize the man.
Ever since he had taken James Novak’s vessel, Castiel had found himself displaying more and more humanity throughout the few years he had been on Earth. He had been in existence for millennia, had watched the stars being hung in the night sky, had watched the fish move to the terrestrial plane, and witnessed the creation of man. Somehow, the great wonders of his long existence did not hold a candle to the humanity he had developed in the blip of existence that was his time shared with the Winchesters.
“Hey! That tickles!” He practically squealed against her touch.
Hello Lovelies! Here is part two of the two chapter angst fest! WARNING: This chapter includes a lot of deep and dark shit. This chapter will include references to childhood neglect, domestic abuse, domestic violence, emotional abuse, homophobia, biphobia, underage prostitution, and hella angst. Please be cautious if any of those themes may be triggering for you.
“Crash and burn.”
The cue cracked the white ball as Castiel threw it forwards. He was fairly confident in his aim this time. Unfortunately, it was futile and the ball missed the one he was aiming for. Castiel’s shoulders slumped in sadness thinking that Dean must be disappointed in him for being unable to master one of his favorite games.
Rowan
“I am not worthless!” another, this one sending a few broken fangs flying into the dirt.
“I said how long have you two been together? You and Mr. Macho over there.” Her dark eyes flitted in Dean’s direction as she lightly rolled her straw between her teeth.
“What was that?”
“So get this…….” Sam dove into everything he had gathered about the hunt.
Castiel was too shocked to say anything or even respond to the sudden intimacy. Dean was never this affectionate to him, especially since the incident with Mary. Castiel hadn’t even lifted his arms to return the hug when Dean was already pulling back.
If Dean ever was unsure of his fondness for the angel, it was these moments that reminded him why Castiel meant so much to him. In those moments, Dean could see not the outer shell of a man, but the angel kept inside: the angel experiencing humanity for the first time through Dean. He was the creature that could crush worlds in the palm of his hand, yet was so fragile that he had no idea how a camera flash worked so it surprised him and that made Dean grateful he was able to see it as it happened.
Kisses,
Castiel clasped his hands underneath the table to keep them from shaking. He couldn’t keep his mind from wandering to everything Jack had shown him. Castiel had felt Dean’s pain and sorrow as if it was his own. He hated the pain he had caused the hunter. Eyes wandered to Dean’s hand which was absently tapping the empty glass.
“Well Sunshine, that’s your ticket right there. Lead the way.”
Sam nodded solemnly and thought about the comment as Jack fired. He knew Castiel had missed Heaven for years. The angel never admitted it really but it was obvious to Sam that falling did a real number on him.
After the pie was gone and the words stopped, the two fell into an easy silence and stared as the sky over the water began to darken. Castiel watched Dean’s profile as it too darkened against the horizon with the spackling of the night’s first stars to halo his sandy hair. From head to toe, the man looked nothing if not serene and it eased the constant furrow in his brow and for that the angel was thankful.
Sam straightened and threw an arm around Eileen’s shoulders. “Oh, he’s on a beer and pie run. I convinced him that Baby missed him and wanted to spend his special day together. He should be back any minute though. You guys mind helping with a couple of last-minute touches?”
Claire laughed at the angel’s obliviousness and noticed the two items he was holding. “Oh, he is going to love the shirt. What’s that?” She asked as she pointed to the item Castiel was holding underneath the shirt.
“Tell me I wasn’t imagining things” Eileen’s voice came quietly from the back of the Impala.
It was amazing how far he had come with his brother. Just a few short years ago they were thwarting apocalypses left and right out of dingy motel rooms but now, they were living in a fully functional bunker with every possible thing they could want. They always had cool air, hot showers, functioning sinks, and washing machines that didn’t take every quarter they had.
Castiel screamed into his pillow. He bit at the fabric and tore into the feathers as they poured from the gaps he created with his teeth. Like a wild dog, he ripped it apart with the ferocity he had only seen from himself on Heavenly battlefields. He left it in shreds as he screamed and began to tear into the sheets.
“How original.” Dean let his arm drop and continued leading the angel through the crowd. It had greatly thinned throughout the day and was steadily leaving them as some of the only people left under the sunset. “Why don’t you and I try out some of these places? That is if Jack didn’t drag you to every one of ‘em.”
He had everything he needed so he told himself that he had nothing to cry over. Sam knew this so as he looked down into Jack’s worried eyes, he let the lie slip from his lips and just hoped that Jack, like everyone else, would believe him.
“Answer me!” Dean’s voice sounded full of panic.
The end is here. As much as it saddens me to let this go, the time has come. After all, what is a good story without a final chapter?
The tension was only cut when Dean spoke as he threw the car in park, not caring that he was taking up two spots in the mostly barren motel lot. “I’m not spending the night in a sleazy motel. We’re going back home tonight. Pack your stuff. We leave in an hour.”
They were a color so profound to Castiel. That green spoke of mountains and valleys he had spent his life protecting. Below them, Dean’s plains of freckles on the cold flushed skin stood out and brought a smile to the angel’s lips.
“I assume you are asking about our previous conversation. We are “working things out” as you put it.” the angel gestured with his finger quotes as he spoke. “But I assume that my relationship with Dean is not the reason you summoned me.”
Despite the comment being barely audible, Sam nodded, the faintest of smiles flicking the left corner of his mouth upwards. He decided to test out the waters now that Dean was more comfortable.
Eileen wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of her life that way. Locked in an easy embrace with Sam at her back in the mussed sheets, she wanted only to spend every day of her life just like that. She didn’t need any fancy things or grandiose gestures. All she needed was the feeling she got when she felt Sam spoon closer around her and nuzzle his face in the back of her neck.
“Dammit, Dean. Look at me.” Castiel’s voice was stern and commanding. Dean turned to meet his eyes and was suddenly reminded of the warrior of God he had met so many years ago.
I am currently in a bit of a writer's block so if you have any ideas for oneshots or chaptered works, be sure to drop your requests in the comments or on my tumblr, rowanspn.
He could see Castiel again even if it was just an illusion and he rationalized that it was what he deserved. He did not deserve the angel’s love. He had broken him, thrown him around, and cursed the angel far too much to deserve him. At least in Heaven, he would be able to see his face and shout his apologies until he went blue in the face. At least then he might finally find peace so Dean let go.
“Did you take care of Kelly?” Dean avoided the offer knowing full well that Sam already knew what his older brother’s response would be.
Dean choked on his soda. “Excuse me?”
Dean seemed to recognize Castiel’s hesitance and confusion because he approached him quickly. Castiel tilted his head sideways as Dean grasped his cue and began to rub the cube on the narrow tip. His fingers brushed Castiel’s as he did so and the angel felt himself drawn forward unconsciously.
Dean felt the air shift as Sam’s chair creaked and he peered at his brother through his bangs. Sam was staring intently at him, but his gaze wasn’t focused. It was obvious he was deep in thought as if he was piecing the story together as Dean spoke.
When he spent a year with Benny in Purgatory, Dean had been drawn to the vampire. He had been so hesitant at first, but their friendship had grown strong quickly. He had always chalked it up to being the effect of Purgatory or some crap like that to save his sanity, but Dean knew the way he felt about the vampire had not been completely platonic. Benny had kept him safe for a year as he slept, fought by his side, and even entrusted him with bringing the vampire back to life. Dean had greatly regretted sending Benny back there and still hadn’t quite forgiven himself for it.
“You will find out soon enough,” Castiel said plainly as he focused on the road in front of him.
Castiel was about to respond in the affirmative when a hand grabbed the back of his coat. He gasped as the phone was knocked from his hand and he was thrown to the ground.
It would be so sunny and full of life and it would be perfect for Castiel. Dean would appreciate the zen feeling of the area and would carefully sit in the grass while rocking an alert and babbling Jack as he spread the ashes in the flowers and blackberries around them.
Then you succumbed to the Mark and I had no idea how much of my Dean would be left inside. I could still see your soul, that beacon so bright it could be seen from Heaven when you were trapped in the depths of Hell. I could still see it straining against that Mark and it gave me hope. I knew that even if you would spend the rest of eternity lost to it, I would not let you live alone. I was ready to remain by your side forever to make sure you would not spend the remainder of all time in solitude.
Sam zipped his bag and tossed it on his bed. He was about to grab his coat when he felt the urge to stop. He sunk into a seated position at the foot of the mattress and propped his elbows on his knees. Sam couldn’t stop the sudden tears from coming, no matter how hard he tried.
Dean considered giving his usual response, but Castiel was different. Whenever he was in pain, the angel always seemed to pull the truth out of him. Maybe it was their “profound bond” or something else, but Castiel always seemed to find a way to unearth Dean’s deepest emotions and traumas. Unlike others in Dean’s life, Castiel always seemed to be able to handle the truth so Dean didn’t even try to resist.
“Dean?” the angel pressed against Dean’s side spoke again. “I enjoyed that. They will fit perfectly in your frame.”
Jody and Eileen parted ways amicably, with Jody giving Eileen a hug that was just a bit too tight but still comforting, a mother’s hug. It was obvious to Eileen that the older woman was touch starved, especially in the comforting and caring for others department.
“Excuse me?”
“I guess you are right. I am sorry I haven't called you. I have tried so many times but have no idea what to say. I am just so worried about Dean that I can’t even think about moving on myself” Sam tried to sign as fast as he could to keep up with the words pouring out of him, but he missed what seemed to be every other word. Fortunately, Eileen understood as she read his lips and facial expressions.
Sam slowly let go of Dean’s arm, getting ready for the screaming, but it never came. What did come was almost worse. Sam could handle Dean yelling and throwing things. He could handle the anger. It was when Dean didn’t even try to hide his pain, that’s when Sam didn’t know what to do.
“Whatever is concerning you, please stop worrying yourself. I can feel the anxiety coming off of you. You deserve one night to enjoy yourself.”
“And for you?” The waitress asked Jack with a million-dollar smile.
Sam watched as a look of realization and then pure astonishment breached his brother’s expression. “Did you just Han Solo me?”
Castiel reached out and traced the letters with his fingers: CASTIEL. He smiled at the gesture. Seeing his and Jack’s names carved in amongst the Winchester’s caused a warmth to spread inside him and he realized what this meant. There was no uncarving those letters: He was permanently and officially a member of the Winchester family.
Dean felt fireworks explode behind his eyelids as he desperately tried to keep tears from spilling from them. This was just what he needed to hear. Still, could it even be possible Castiel loved him in that way? He was not created to feel. Could he even have the capacity to love as humans do?
“Oh, Cas.”
Castiel’s head lolled to the side as Dean shoved the door open and he stared towards the ceiling to will the tears back from where they were clawing at and threatening his eyelids. The angel’s lifeless form was the fault of that beast upstairs and dammit if he wasn’t going to get his revenge. Castiel deserved more, so much more than to be manipulated by the empty promises of the monster that got him killed.
No, he wasn’t gay, he loved women too. Dean knew what that meant and he knew the word for it but actually saying it out loud? Dean hated labels. Labels meant a definite answer and that meant an answer he had spent his life getting beaten out of him. Why did there need to be a label for everything? Why couldn’t he just be happy with whoever, or whatever in Castiel’s case, he wanted and not have to market it as something or another? He had spent years thinking about it but never actually addressing it in all seriousness. Here though, with Castiel reaching out to him with the patience of a saint, things were different and he could feel himself practically shaking with fear.
“I’m human.”
Now he was a father to the Nephilim that saved the world. He was a brother to the man that always sacrificed so much for his older brother and the entire world. He had become a friend of the woman that mothered two real-life superheroes that had averted apocalypse after apocalypse, year after year. Now he was Dean Winchester’s family and that was what Castiel believed to be the greatest thing to ever happen to him.
The trio made their way to the car where Dean was holding an exhausted Castiel in the front seat. Sam gasped when he noticed just how battered the angel looked. Dean’s hands, chest, and cheek were covered in the angel’s blood.
He fought against the vampire with everything he had, screaming himself hoarse and bruising his fists from the punches. She didn't even flinch and simply gripped his shoulders tighter while growling like an animal, sending electric stripes of pain down the hunter’s body.
Castiel leaned into the warm touch surrounding him as Dean adjusted his stance. They had managed to fix his feet but apparently, according to Dean, his arms were the real problem. Dean tried fixing them a few times, but the adjustments never seemed to stick: they were just too complex.
“Like a night much like this one. Quiet, serene, and a sky full of stars. It was peaceful until someone began to summon me from a shabby barn in the middle of nowhere.”
“We brought more stuff!” Claire called as she jumped to the floor from the second step. “We got more streamers, tape, spiral hanging things, and a couple of those cheesy “Happy Birthday” banners.”
When the countdown began, Dean leaned back and gripped his friend close so they could both fit in the frame. Anxiety crept through his chest at the gesture and urged him to turn to stare at his friend’s profile. He looked into Castiel’s eyes and smiled at the grin he received in return. Their absorbed attention on only the other’s smile caused them not to notice when the countdown ended until the first flash went off and surprised them both.
Castiel parked the Impala in the middle of the field near the bunker. Its weeping willows softly swayed in the wind and filled the air with the shuffling of their shoots. It had been two weeks since the great fight between Jack and the Shadow and the March air was crisp and the night was cool as it gently turned the spokes of the little windmill.
“I don’t like it.” the Shadow responded. It hated the idea of Jack having domain in the Empty. It had gone eons without Chuck’s interference with its routine and it wasn’t inclined to let anything like that start.
Castiel gasped and sat up, Dean’s arms never leaving his body. Sam watched as he looked around in confusion until his eyes met Dean’s. A look of contentment spread across Castiel’s face as he smiled at the hunter.
Ultimately, in a few days, Dean would pack Jack into the backseat of the Impala and would clutch the jar with one hand as he drove for several hours while scoping out the area surrounding the bunker. He would eventually find the clearing with a windmill and would know right then that it would be the perfect final resting place for his best friend.
“Are you sure about that?”
Hello Lovelies!  No new warnings for this chapter, just a little angst and references to blood and violence.
59 down, 3 to go. Bring it on.
“I have heard that shopping malls have a wide variety of goods to choose from and I am unsure exactly what I am looking for so this seems to be the place to go.”
The bunker door swung open and Claire and Kaia bounded down the stairs hand in hand with a few plastic bags from the local dollar store.
“Please, Dean. It’s been a month of this. It’s exhausting for me and I bet it’s way worse for you. You don’t eat, you barely sleep, Miracle whines every time he passes your room, you’re falling apart and I am really worried ab….”
Embarrassment burned Castiel’s cheeks as he realized he had been staring at the man far too long if he was being noticed. “No.”
“I, um…” Sam started, and Eileen noticed his tell-tale signs of nervousness. He raked his hands through his hair and refused to make eye contact with the camera. Once he did she noticed what seemed to be the faintest hint of tears in his eyes.
The three of them watched as the figure turned to face them, raising its hand in a wave. The voice came calmly as it spoke.
Dean finally looked his brother in the eye and could tell that he was serious, pick a fight and force the pie down his throat serious. With that thought, He carefully lifted the glass to his mouth, allowing a small amount of the cool water to slip past his lips.
Castiel stared down at the man in confusion. “Yes? I am aware of that.”
“Yes. As long as you are not needed, I will ensure your slumber remains uninterrupted. Anything that wakes you will face serious repercussions. You will remain at peace until I need you.”
Hello Lovelies! Another day, another chapter! This one has some blood and references to violence in it. I will be including warnings before each chapter in case those themes may be upsetting for readers.
“Sam I swear if you don’t let go of me this is going to get ugly.”
I figured we could all use some family fluff to get us by so here is this chapter. It may feel a bit detached because of everything going on in my life right now, but I thoroughly enjoy writing. It is what I love and what keeps me happy so I wanted to do this. If yu do enjoy it, be sure to let me know in the comments.
As he snarled the last of the words, an expression of pure confusion crossed over the vampire's face but it only lasted for a few seconds before Dean ruthlessly shoved the blade forward hard enough to lodge it into the support beam behind her as he sliced her head off.
Kisses,
“You must have had a really long weekend. We haven't even had dinner yet.”
Castiel smiled at the contempt on Jack’s face as he recounted his opinion on Heaven’s system. He had never considered it before, but with Jack offering his thoughts, Castiel realized that Heaven was not as perfect as Chuck had made it seem to be.
Kisses,
You were once my charge, Dean. I became too close to you to the point Heaven intervened but even they could not stop me. You made me your friend, you made me your family, and you became the one thing I needed in this world. You taught me everything I really know and for that, I am grateful. You changed me, and because of that, you made me something no angel has ever been blessed to be before: happy.”
Dean sipped his soda while watching with a smile on his face. He could feel the tips of his ears warming at the sight. Castiel’s smile was so genuine and his eyes shone with an affection that was pure and raw. It reminded him of the way Castiel always looked at Jack.
Sam nodded in understanding before shooting six perfect bulls-eyes. He didn’t really need the practice, but he loved spending quality time with Jack and the boy seemed to thoroughly enjoy the gun range. He found it odd considering how non-violent Jack was but he figured he wasn’t one to judge another’s pastimes.
Jack seemed satisfied by the answer as he smiled and turned back to tip the remainder of the soda out of the can. Dean watched as he reeled in the line and recast to a spot much further down the creek. Jack propped his pole up in between two rocks again and leaned back with his palms on the bedrock below him to stare at the clouds.
A wicked grin spread across Jack’s face as he spoke. “I believe it’s time you meet your new brothers and sisters.” Jack stood and held out his hand to pull Castiel to his feet.
Castiel smiled up at the Hot Topic sign and looked at Claire smugly. “I found something for you here. Did I not?”
Castiel reveled in Dean’s grin and let the man take the lead as they soaked in the final orange rays of the sun as it set across the lines of tents and booths gracing the boardwalk. They passed stand after stand and took in the wide variety of goods and services offered. Some boasted the best street corn in the state while others offered massages for travel-weary tourists. These were not the ones that caught Dean’s eye.
“For you,” he said as a shallow flush reached his cheeks and he worried at his lower lip with his teeth.
I remember fighting my way through Leviathan after Leviathan believing that perhaps I could do one final good thing for you. But then I heard your prayer and I knew, I knew you still cared. I remember fighting harder than I ever had before just so I could see you one last time.
They stood under the soft glow of a streetlamp and Castiel felt Dean take his hands in both of his own. The man took a small step forward and Castiel’s eyes met the wide green ones before him.
Sam turned to look at her, worry imminent on both their faces. “That depends. Are you talking about the repeating music, the intense focus on the road, the refusal to talk about the hunt, not wanting to stop for food or a beer, or ripping that vampire apart?"
He approached it and felt his cheeks spread into a wide smile. Dean might not have any particular use for the items on the shelf, but they reminded him of the hunter. Without a second thought, he picked one of the items up and walked towards the register where Claire was waiting with a shopping bag.
Jack had just demanded yet another rematch after losing eight times in a row. Neither Sam nor Jack had expected Eileen to be so good at the game, but she managed to beat them both fair and square six of the eight games. Sam had simply laughed at the boy’s request and began reshuffling the cards once again when Castiel and Dean began fighting.
“You realize most people aren’t buying Dean a gift right?”
“What you said,” Castiel’s grin spread even wider. “I know.”
~Rowan
“Where is my father?” Jack stepped towards the entity with mock confidence.
Hello Lovelies. I am so sorry I have not been updating as regularly as usual. I fear this may continue for a bit because things have been a bit rough lately. If you are on my wait list for a fic request, please have patience and expect a longer turn around for the fic you requested. I promise the wait will be worth it!
“600 even,” he noted while leaning over the booth and pointing to a row of stuffed toys. “You can have any one of those bigger ones.”
“Yes, Dean?”
“They are an army Castiel, the perfect army for the job. They are strong and wise and can think independently. They are caring and compassionate. They love humanity and are ready to spend their lives protecting it with everything they have. They are just missing one thing: a leader. Every army needs a commander.”
“And I don’t want the world to see me!” Sam screamed into the air as Jack laughed along with the music.
Alex and Eileen both grabbed a bowl of fruits and vegetables each and they followed Castiel into the library. After setting a tray of ice on each table and a few bowls in each tray, the trio made their way back to the kitchen where Sam was just finishing putting the remaining burgers in the oven to keep them warm.
“Dean, it takes an entire liquor store to affect me. You know as well as I that this would be more for your benefit than my own.”
Dean laughed and opened the bag, pulling the tissue paper out and tossing it in Castiel’s lap. His fingers closed around the soft fabric of the t-shirt and he pulled it out to unfold it. Dean held it in front of his face and smiled when he saw the Led Zeppelin logo.
Unfortunately, being part of their family also came with emotional constipation and other hangups and Sam wanted to prevent Jack from developing any of those vices. To try to keep Jack’s development in check, he talked to the boy a lot, particularly about his emotions.
Hello Lovelies! Exams are finally over! Woohoo! I am so happy to be back at it with the writing. I have been dying to get this chapter out so be sure to drop a comment and let me know what you think! Also be sure to leave requests for one shots down below and I will get those out ASAP!
No warnings for this chapter aside from angst but get ready for stuff to hit the fan!
It felt like so much and not enough. It was a ticket to freedom and Dean was not interested in letting go, not ever, so when the final flash came, both he and Castiel paid it no mind and remained there for only the stars would know how long.
“Sam!” Eileen screamed as she hacked away at her vampire, catching him in the shoulder. He managed to grab the blade and rip it out of her hand while punching her square in the jaw, sending her tumbling to the ground at Sam’s side.
With Love,
“Of course Claire, although I am not sure that violence is necessary.”
And we would scream together songs unsung
“Jack?”
~~Asia
I hope you all can see where my inspiration for this fic came from now. These lyrics spoke to me from the first moment I truly listened. No, this does not mean Unity was all a dream. It was real and as far as any of us believe, this was season 16 and this is where their stories truly ended: alive, healing, happy, and at peace together. I said what I said.
Dean approached the topic tentatively. “Don’t worry Sammy. I ain’t planning on going full hair rock. I just don’t cut my own hair, don’t trust you to do it for me, no offense, and don’t want someone I don’t know touching me right now. Not after everything we’ve...I’ve been through.” Dean absently tugged at his hair, seemingly forgetting the dog peacefully resting at his feet.
“Then why are you?”
When he returned, Sam wrapped Dean in the dead guy robe, hoping to provide a little comfort for the grieving man. He was worried for his brother and wanted to do anything he could to convince him to open up.
“I know Cas is my father but would you consider yourself to be mine too?”
Sam grinned at the oddly Castiel-Esque comment and then felt a pang of guilt in his stomach. He had managed to forget the condition they left the bunker in and hoped that Dean and Castiel had stopped fighting. It seemed like Dean was finally getting some peace but peace never seemed to last too long for the Winchesters. Sam just hoped that they would be able to butt heads and resolve whatever it was just like they always did.
Castiel stared into the sink and sighed thinking about his charge, Dean. When he had first met the hunter, he had come to despise some of his habits: drinking, hedonism, and gambling to name a few. However, the man had grown on him quickly as he taught the beauty of humanity and why it deserved to be protected. Castiel had quickly found himself giving up the world and his whole mission for that one man.
“Dean, can I ask you something?”
“Dean. You’re going to miss it.” He gently stroked the man’s hair as he spoke.
“Wow. Excited about unattached drifter Christmas this year, aren’t we?” Sam had scoffed when he sat down next to his older brother, seemingly commenting on the care his older brother took in dressing and styling.
Dean let his frustrations fall and relaxed as he accepted that he would never be deserving of the angel’s love anyway. He thought he had understood after Castiel’s confession in those final moments, but he must have been wrong. It seemed he always was about his friend.
Despite this, Castiel’s unmoving arms around him spoke volumes. No matter Dean’s traumas or demons, he would never leave his hunter behind. Not only had Castiel expressed the fact in the past, but the feeling of his hand on the small of Dean’s back and cheek against the hunter’s told Dean that the angel was not going anywhere.
Sam glanced down at her in bewilderment but smiled. “Maybe one day…” The words came wistfully as he took Eileen’s hand and guided her to the Impala where Jack was already waiting in the backseat.
Jack’s grin spread across his face and he bound up the stairs to the door of the bunker while Eileen and Sam trailed behind.
New chapters come every Tuesday and Thursday. Be sure to leave Kudos and comments and I will try to respond to everyone!
When he made it to the doorway of the library, he turned his head to his friend and spoke.
“Well, that’s just perfect!” Donna said cheerily as Jody descended from the ladder. The two of them joined Claire and Kaia at the map table and tore into the bags, dividing the new decorations amongst themselves to hang around the library.
He made his way to the table where he had healed Dean and found the hunter’s forgotten flannel. Castiel had only seen him wear it once in the past. Dean had worn the pink and blue flannel when he and Castiel had gotten lunch when the angel was having a “midlife crisis” as Dean had put it.
“CAS?!” Dean’s voice screamed.
“But I want to.” Dean took a deep breath before finally letting go of the words he had been working towards for years. “I love you too.”
“If you want me out of this car you’re gonna have to drag me out.” Dean pulled the quilt over his head as he mumbled.
Rowan
Sam started at the response. He had not mentioned his concerns to anyone else so it was almost comforting to know that Jack saw it too. Of course, it wasn’t comforting to know that they could never catch a break and of course, something always had to be going wrong, but it was good to know he wasn’t crazy.
61 down, 1 to go! The pressure is on but be warned, while this chapter is not nearly as dark as the others, it does have several references to themes regarding anger, depression, and substance abuse.
Castiel reached towards Dean’s face to heal him, but Dean caught his wrist before he could. He gently lowered his friend’s arm and looked towards the floor.
Dean shook his head letting it fall towards his forgotten glass of water. Just thinking about what happened, he felt the beginning of a knot forming in his chest and a lump beginning to burn in his throat.
“Touché.”
He had to suppress his laugh as Castiel stared at the screen in the photo booth and Dean tapped away at his options. He worried at his bottom lip as he fed the machine while hoping upon hope that he was not misinterpreting the atmosphere between him and the angel at his side. After all, had Castiel not just poured his heart out to Dean?
“I don’t want to die!” he screamed. He could barely believe the tirade coming from his mouth.
Again, I just wanted to thank you all for you consistent support, commentary, and following. You are the reason I have done all of this. This work would have ended a lot sooner without you all. Thank you.
Jody began to quiet near the end of her question when she noticed the sad look on Eileen’s face. “Oh please tell me they aren't, you know…”
Dean gripped Castiel’s hand and gently pulled it from his shoulder. He prayed he wasn't misinterpreting things. His heart pounded so intensely he could practically feel it tearing through his chest at the idea of holding the angel’s hand.
Sam laughed as he dumped another case of soda into a cooler full of ice. “Honestly? Probably the best I’ve been in a while. How are the kids?”
~Rowan
Despite this, Dean clutched to the child like he was a lifeline. That child was all that Dean had left of Castiel and he knew he would never let go if he had the chance. Jack needed a father now that Castiel was dead and even if Dean could never truly fill that empty place left behind by the angel, he was going to keep this kid safe even if he killed himself doing it.
“Tempting” the Shadow responded already feeling the inclination to accept. “But, what’s the catch?”
“I’m fine,” Castiel whispered, afraid that if he spoke any louder he would return to the panic he felt only a few minutes ago. “How long was I gone, Dean?”
“Dean, is that really you?” Castiel’s coat was soaked with his tears now as he leaned forward and moved away from the wall he had backed himself against.
Castiel grinned as Jack struggled under the never-ending stream of melting ice cream dripping down his hand. The moment was far too precious to savor for himself so he made sure to sneak a couple of pictures to show Sam and Dean later when they returned to the beach. Jack had been insistent on spending some time trying out everything the strip had to offer.
“You said I was taken.”
“You don’t have to. This isn’t really a request.” Jack laid it on thick, praying to Dean that he was doing this right.
Hello Lovelies! Thank you so much for your well wishes this week! As a special thank you I tookk some time today inbetween study sessions to finalize the chapter you all have been waiting for!
Castiel quickly shucked his overcoat off of his shoulders and wrapped it around Dean’s. “I distinctly remember offering this to you if you ever needed it.”
Kisses,
The hunter leaned forward and felt his cheek brush Castiel’s as their heads slotted side by side. Chest to chest and swaying in each other's arms, Dean felt as if he was falling. There was no other way to describe the rushing he felt in his head and the warmth spreading through his whole body.
Eileen giggled as he squeezed her tightly and kissed her neck right where he knew she was ticklish.
ALSO! I am looking for YOUR recommendations! It has been a hot minute since I have written and posted a one shot. If you have any requests for different ships, dynamics, domestic scenes, or anything else in between, reach out in the comments of any of my works or my tumblr, rowanspn. I am open to most anything and will be more than happy to work out a good idea for a fic with you!
“Oh? Like what?”
“I’m sorry.” He seemed to realize what he had done too late. They hadn’t even talked about getting back together again yet.
Disappointed and almost ready to give up, Castiel reached the back wall where at least 50 different types of t-shirts were displayed on racks. An employee noticed him staring intently at the display and approached him.
Jack looked towards Castiel and as if on cue, every angel standing below them dropped to one knee and bowed their heads in respect to salute their new commander.
Sam risked one final look behind him and smiled to himself. Dean was finally getting the win he so desperately needed and he could tell that they wouldn’t be letting go of each other for a long time, maybe never.
Dean returned the baby to his crib when the embers had finally snuffed out. He then meticulously ground the remnants of Castiel’s bones to ash and softly wept to himself as he did so. Eventually, the ashes found their way into a spare mason jar he found in the house and Dean inevitably fell to his knees once again as he clasped the jar to his chest and sobbed.
“Why are we here again?” the man grumbled as he snuggled into one of the pillows, sleep obviously still having a great hold on him.
“I love you, Dean,” Castiel urged and reached for the man’s shoulder once again. “I may have been staring down the inevitable, but that does not change the sincerity of my confession. I meant every word I said. I love you and I am sorry if that has been too much burden for you to carry.”
Castiel grinned and immediately picked up the frame for further inspection. “I’m sure we can find the perfect photo to put in it. What do you think?”
Then I started losing myself to the Mark and I was absolutely terrified of what I was becoming. I made you promise you would save me from myself and I know it was unfair to do, but I believed you when you made that promise to take me out.
“You want to be the first person to get all your balls in the pockets without sinking the cue ball or eight ball. If you sink the eight ball before the rest of yours are off the table, you lose but if you have all your other balls in, then go for the eight ball. You have to announce which pocket you’re going for first though.”
Jack snapped his fingers. “No need. The deal is sealed now, paperwork and all. If you ever wish to discuss terms or amendments, call out to me and I will come to you at my earliest convenience. Are you ready to rest?”
“What? I would never!” Castiel laughed and avoided the boy’s gaze as he pressed the lever that released all of the chips. “I would, however, like to play another game if you wouldn’t mind.” He did meet Jack’s gaze then and laughed at how happy his son looked.
Dean quickly brushed a hand down his face to rid it of the single tear that managed to escape and made his way down the stairwell to the crowd. He dropped the bags in his hand onto the map table and pulled Sam into a stiff hug.
“Hey, does someone wanna help me with food? People are going to be here in less than an hour!” Sam’s voice came from the kitchen and Alex jumped up from her spot sitting on the map table.
Dean watched as Castiel played with his glass and stared intently at the table. It was obvious the angel was thinking deeply. His brow furrowed and a frown settled on his mouth. It concerned Dean to see just how shut in Castiel seemed to be.
“Yeah everyone does but the least you could do is tell us where you were going.”
Dean looked at Castiel with concern. He was refusing to make eye contact with the man which was unusual for the angel. It seemed like no matter where they were or who else was in the room, Castiel only ever had eyes on Dean and the man knew it. It always felt like the angel stared into his eyes to read his soul every time they talked so seeing the angel avoiding his gaze was difficult.
He carefully squared his feet in an imitation of Dean’s stance and bent slightly at the waist. Castiel bent his elbows just like his friend had and set the end of the cue on his hand resting on the table. As he raised his elbow, he felt Dean’s hand grasp his arm.
Dean yawned and his hair brushed against Castiel’s cheek as he turned to speak again. “Cas?”
He sank to his knees and knelt in the damaged dirt. Castiel stared into the clear sky and begged for answers. He begged to know why his family could never get a break. Why couldn’t Dean be happy? Why did Jack have to take on so much responsibility? Why couldn’t Sam and Eileen be happy together without worrying for their family? Why couldn’t he just be an angel that wasn’t completely and irreversibly damaged?
Jack’s face went pale and he raised his hands in defense. “Don’t tell Dean!”
Sam always figured it was because they were family but this made so much more sense. He never really considered that Castiel would miss the place that conditioned and tormented him so much. Sam knew that Castiel had a life before he met the Winchesters but he never had seriously considered what it was like.
Castiel beamed and looked into Jack’s searching eyes. “What can I do to help?”
“I missed you so much.”
“Well, Dean is wrong about a lot of things.” Castiel smiled as he turned the volume up a bit and tossed the phone back on the pillow. He grabbed the box for the game and sat cross-legged on the bed in front of Jack, perfectly mirroring his son.
Time stopped along with his heart as the fourth flash filled the dim booth. Tears pricked at his eyes from fear as his lids struggled to hold them at bay and remain closed. Anything to avoid what would surely be a sorely disappointed gaze from his best friend. Of course, he would be disappointed: Dean had stepped too far. He had pushed the angel beyond what he was comfortable with and now he would have to sit with the regrets of knowing that Castiel never in fact felt the same in the first place.
Rowan
They remained like that, locked in each other’s embrace and letting out years of their frustrations into that kiss for a few more minutes until the curtain was pulled aside and a young couple stood looking incredibly shocked and nearly horrified. Dean pried himself off of his angel and smirked at the couple’s downcast stares and mumbled apologies before grabbing Castiel’s hand and pulling him out into the inky night.
“So with the help of the angels, I want to rip down Heaven’s walls. I want to break down every wall separating the souls from one another. Every soul deserves to be able to see one another and spend eternity at peace together.
“I should be alright. Thank you very much for your assistance.” Castiel smiled as he turned to find Claire to pay and leave when he noticed a small display.
I guess I could put a little warning in here for some angst, but that's just how it goes! I hope you enjoy and be sure to leave a comment down below. i have also just posted another one shot revolving around Baby Jack, but this time there's some good Dadstiel content! Go check out Bath Time Baby and let me know what you think!
Castiel’s eyes widened when he realized he was not quite sure. “He is approximately six feet tall and moderately well built. I apologize I do not know more than that.”
Just as they reached the end of the boardwalk and the beginning of the sandy beach, the sunset haloed a beaming Dean Winchester headed their way. Jack immediately skipped towards the unsuspecting man while brandishing his new friend and babbling all about his day. The wide-eyed look and genuine smile on Dean’s face were priceless and Castiel made sure to add it to his growing list of memories in his camera roll.
You managed to get me in that room so Sam could bring me home. You were ready to watch me “murder the world” and do anything you could to save me. I guess I never knew what that meant until now.
Then I got older and Sam went to Hell and I tried the apple pie life because I promised him I would. I appreciated it for sure but I think my favorite part was spending time with Ben, Lisa’s boy. He wasn’t my son or anything, but I loved him.
He instead took a seat next to the burning pyre and rocked the child gently in his arms. Dean softly hummed whenever Jack squirmed and eased the infant back to sleep. He readjusted the baby’s swaddling to distract himself from the deep pain in his heart.
They showed their love through cooking and practical jokes. It was there in their games of rock, paper, scissors where Dean always chose scissors to keep his little brother out of trouble. There was love in each fight after one or the other almost got killed. They were no ordinary family but of course, they loved each other: they needed each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
The trio found an empty booth in the back corner of the room. Castiel elected to take the empty seat on Dean’s side to leave room for Eileen when she arrived. It was oddly pleasant sitting with the Winchesters in a bar.
As Eileen sat in the front seat of her car she knew she needed to call Sam as soon as possible to give him time to research, but still, her thumb didn’t seem to comprehend the urgency as it hovered over his name. That or it didn't care.
Dean stared down at Jack and tried desperately to hate the child. He had killed Castiel. It was his empty promises of salvation and paradise that convinced the angel to follow him blindly. Now he lay dead on a table underneath him for his faith.
Jack beamed at his father and nodded excitedly. “We have tons!”
As per usual, I just wanted to include an angst and violence warning. New chapter coming on Tuesday. Be sure to leave comments and recommendations for future chapters!
“Yes, Dean?”
Dean stared into Castiel’s eyes only a few inches away silently and prayed with all his might he wouldn’t be forced to make the next move. He did not think he had the strength to close those final breaths between them. Even if he did, Dean was far too nervous of the outcome to do it himself.
Hello Lovelies,
He held it out for her to see and smiled faintly. “I’m not quite sure if he will like it, but it reminded me of him when I saw it.”
Kisses,
“And then honey, after their guts paint the floor, you’re going to beg for it to be over. You’re going to want to die because I will have taken everything from you just like you took everything from me. You are going to have nothing to live for.”
He is going to spend the rest of eternity lost in that self-hating skull of his, dreaming about every loss, every kill, every disappointment, and he will never find peace. I assume that’s the answer you were looking for?” the Shadow had approached Jack and began whispering in his ear.
Eileen nodded solemnly before getting out of the car and retrieving her duffel as well. Exhausted and not too pumped about leaving right away, she made her way to her room, ready to pack.
“Never!” Sam squirmed as another round of laughter hit him when she found a particularly ticklish spot on his side.
Jack dropped another chip making three in a row. “I believe so. I think it is a metaphor. Sam has been teaching me about metaphors lately and it seems this one is a metaphor for doing everything you can for someone you love after letting them down. It’s very interesting.”
“Finally! The tension was killing me!”
Hello Lovelies! Two exams down, one to go! I just needed something to spice it up and make me smile. I sure hope this chapter lightens thing up a little since that last one was a bit of a pain train! Be sure to let me know what you think in the comments and let me know if there are any one shot ideas you want to see put to paper!
Hello Lovelies! How are you all? Bit of a shorter chapter today with some good investigating and build up to the big hunt! Be sure to let me know what you think!
He rolled his eyes yet again and let his gaze return to the tides. Eileen and Sam had moved from wading to kneeling at a small pool. Sam was smiling, no beaming, and his laugh rang out clear as day as Eileen held a small seastar in her hands and offered it to him. Dean snuck a picture on his phone before the moment had the opportunity to break and smiled down at the photo. It would make a great page in a normal family photo album one day.
“Castiel? I don’t know if you can even hear me where you are, but Dean just told me everything. He told me what you did. I know you saved him and...and I know what you said to him. Look, I’m sorry. My brother...Dean is as stubborn as they come. He just desperately didn’t want to lose anyone else. I could see it in his face when he told me what happened. He was so shocked he didn’t even know what to do. I just want you to know that we miss you and we need you here. You’re family Cas and we just really wish things hadn’t gone down the way they did. I’m so sorry.”
“It’s so good to see you!” Jack beamed as he pulled Castiel into a tight hug. As he pulled back from the embrace, Jack spoke again. “How are things going in the bunker?”
Dean smiled but didn’t need to think about the question before he responded. “Well, if you needed to get my attention and you said Dad, I would respond.”
Dean scoffed and stared down into his can and wished it was something stronger but Castiel had been quite insistent recently regarding his drinking habits. He was making an effort to ease the crutch alcohol had become in his life over the years if only to please the angel.
“What is it, Jack? You know you can tell me anything right?”
Instead, when Castiel noticed the man’s smile widened to a toothy grin, he was led to a large booth with row after row of animatronic ducks that moved in a rhythmic cycle as hopefuls paid to shoot at them one by one. Castiel looked on with curiosity as Dean clapped with excitement and turned to look at the angel with eyes wide with joy.
“I do too. Something isn’t right.”
“Dance with me.” Castiel reached his hand out for Dean to take and stared into the man’s shocked eyes.
“I just want you to know who I am!” Sam watched as Dean grinned around the lyrics and dropped his right hand to the seat next to him. There was no doubt in his mind that he was reaching for Castiel’s hand.
“I know,” Sam heard the angel say and both he and Dean looked at him in confusion.
“Not at all,” he responded and he meant it.
Alex, Claire, and Kaia finished hanging the last few decorations from the bookcases while bickering about nothing valuable. Patience sat and watched pensively as she talked to Jody and Donna around one of the tables.
Then I sat in Purgatory and thought I’d never see you again. I realized just how much I had been missing when I pushed you out. You heard my prayer and I think you know just what it was that I had wanted to say. That’s why you stopped me, isn’t it?”
Sam and Castiel had piled into the Impala where Dean was already drumming away at the steering wheel. The angel had felt his cheeks warm when he noticed what the man was wearing. He was wearing his usual dark-washed jeans and boots, but unlike usual, had opted for a white tee shirt and suit coat as well as styled his hair.
Sam smiled and took his headphones and goggles off as he spoke. “I’m sure he will get the hang of things again. You guys planning on tearing down the walls soon?”
“Can I try that one?!” Jack practically squealed while tugging on Castiel’s hand and pointing at a tent.
“I told you. Too long.”
Aside from that, I just wanted to drop a quick thank you to Tomscat for their wonderful one shot request! Be sure to check out my new work, When an Angel Meets a Wood Nymph, to see what I think would have happened if Castiel met Mrs. Butters! I thoroughly enjoyed writing that one!
“Hey everybody! Dean’s GPS says he’s only a few minutes away!” Sam shouted over the din of the room. Having everyone’s attention he continued. “Grab your stuff and stay in here. I’m going to shut all the lights off and I’ll turn them back on when he starts coming down the staircase. When I do that, shout surprise or something like that.”
One thing led to another we were young
It seemed that many guests had brought their own family and friends. There were mostly hunters along with several werewolves, witches, vampires, and even a couple of demons. Normally Sam would have been concerned but he was not going to let anything ruin his brother’s party so he simply welcomed every guest he could.
When Dean slid into the front seat next to him, Castiel watched as Dean took the flower and placed it behind the angel’s ear. Its white petals perfectly contrasted the dark windswept hair and Castiel felt Dean’s fingers card through it before pulling their foreheads together again.
“Oh, that’s descriptive.” She rolled her eyes again as she scoffed. It was obvious to her that that angel had it bad for the man in the dirty flannel.
The parlor was mostly empty as it was still quite early in the day so the trio was able to find a booth easily. A sweet brunette with her hair pulled up in a big bow approached their table and began passing around menus.
“Why don’t you help me set these up in the library?” Eileen asked Alex as she held several trays of crackers and pretzels.
Just as Dean finished the final knot, he heard Sam clear his voice from behind him. He turned to look and found Sam standing in the doorway with the now restless Jack squirming in his arms.
“I wasn’t lying that day when we beat Chuck. When I told you that Cast...he summoned the Empty, I wasn’t lying. I wasn’t telling you everything either. We were in Death’s library when I stupidly picked a fight with Billie. I should never have tried to take her but I was just so angry. Then she told us that it was Chuck wiping our friends off the map, not her. I let my guard down and screwed it all up.”
“Geez Sammy, you’re getting slow in your old age.” Dean joked but Sam could see the darkness in his eyes. He was obviously back to his normal sarcasm and humor to cover his pain, but Sam was just happy to see him talking again.
Dean reached into the tackle box and pulled out a cup of live bait from the gas station they stopped at on the way. Jack had of course insisted on getting a few snacks and drinks for their trip so Dean took the opportunity to pick out some better bait.
The angel laughed. “Jack is surprisingly good at carnival games. It only took him three of the allotted five attempts.”
Castiel stood there for what could have been hours, gripping the flannel in one hand and tracing the letters over and over again with the other, when he felt a gentle hand on his shoulder.
Hello Lovelies! I had some extra time on my hands recently and managed to finish this chapter up early! I just couldn't wait until Tuesday to post it! I was too excited!
“Can we play Chutes and Ladders?” Jack asked, already getting up to grab the game from the pile in his closet.
Dean got out of the car, slamming the door behind him. Eileen and Sam both jumped when they felt Dean slam the trunk closed after grabbing his duffel. They watched his figure grow smaller in the rearview mirror as he made his way towards the motel room.
Dean’s response was surprisingly calm. “It’s fine. Just don’t go missing like that again. We were worried sick. What if something happened to you and we didn’t know where you were?”
He squeezed the oversized toy in his hands and stared down the man he had fallen in love with so many years ago. If it weren’t for him confessing his true and unbridled emotions only a few weeks prior in the storage room of the bunker, he was sure Dean would still be oblivious to his advances. Yet, when it came down to it, the man had not made any effort to get any closer so surely he knew, right?
In response to her remark, Sam grabbed her shoulders and pulled Eileen to his chest in a tight hug. She melted into the touch and began to trace her finger over the exposed tattoo just under his collarbone. Eileen hummed against his skin once again but this time was not with malicious intent, this was born of pure contentment.
Before he could even ask, he heard Dean speak barely above a whisper. “I made him one a couple of years ago. I thought he might benefit from something like that. You know, train him on what real music is.”
In any case, read on dear friends. Read on.
“Just this morning I was dreaming and it was so real.” Castiel continued, shuddering at the thought. “I was dreaming and then suddenly you were right there in front of me and I couldn’t believe you were real. Not after everything.”
“Look, Dean…”
Dean smirked and the concerns dissipated into nothing with Castiel’s voice. “Where did you learn to dance anyways?”
Castiel did not wait for him to stand and instead pulled the man to his feet. The angel held his hand and spoke softly.
“No apple juice?” Jack questioned, seemingly disappointed.
“Huh. Good as new.” He flashed a smile to the angel and thanked him.
“Mmmmmm,” Dean grumbled. “It’s the ass crack of dawn. I’m human, remember?”
“Can we play Connect Four again?” Jack beamed up at his father already tossing the book aside.
Dean could feel his pulse rising and cheeks flushing at the feel of Castiel’s chest against his own, much closer since Castiel rejoined them after Dean’s spin. As the music slowed, their movements did as well. Dean realized how intimate their position was and he couldn’t bring himself to be bothered by it or the blush that came with the thought. He was thoroughly enjoying it.
Castiel smiled wholeheartedly the rest of their trip through the mall and the whole ride home. He may have never felt love before he came to Earth but there was no doubt in Castiel’s heart that he loved that girl with everything he had. He knew he would be spending the rest of her time on Earth protecting her and helping make her smile so when she reached in to give him a tight hug goodbye, Castiel made sure to sneak a small wad of money into her pocket without her noticing.
The group piled into the Impala and after some urging from Dean, she roared back to life. This time, Sam noticed that Dean drove well under the speed limit. It was obvious to him that his brother wanted to enjoy the ride and he was more than okay with it.
Rowan
“Do you love him?”
“I have spent much of my lifetime guarding over humanity and living as a weapon of Heaven. Only recently did I raise a righteous man from the pits of Hell who taught me what it means to be human. Ever since then I have wished to see the Earth the way you do. Being your friend has changed the way I see things and I want to experience everything as you do.”
“So...do you want to talk about it?”
“I know and I am sorry. You know there was no other way either of us was leaving that room but that doesn’t matter now. What does matter is your safety and health and if I am being honest, I don’t believe that I will be of any help to you. I can heal physical wounds momentarily, but there is nothing I can do to help the deeper wounds you carry with you, not unless you let me in.”
“Welcome home! Can I grab those for ya?” He asked, hands already on both of the bags in her hands.
Dean winced as his flesh sutured back together. When he finally turned to face Castiel once again, Dean realized his nose was no longer throbbing and he lifted his hand to feel it.
Hello Lovelies! Big action in this chapter! I did want to warn though, this chapter has a lot of violence in it and even references possible assault/sexual assault as torture methods. Please be warned. The second is only implied but that can be just as harmful to people that have experience with such matters.
The two sat in silence for a few minutes and stared at the thousands of stars that filled the sky. Castiel was content to remain like that for the rest of his life. He needed nothing more than the feel of Dean’s back against his chest, his arms around the man’s waist pulling him close, and the gentle tickling of the sandy hair under his nose.
Castiel went nuclear. He screamed and flared his wings as he leveled the entire field. His grace erupted from his body and filled the area with a burning white-hot light. It was similar to when he obliterated every demon inside the house when Alistair attacked Dean but then he had been angry: Now he was frustrated.
“Sit” It wasn’t a request as he pointed towards the kitchen table.
ALSO ALSO! The amazing Flora Gois has been kind enough to make some amazing artwork for this fic! It will be at the bottom of the chapter. Please be sure to leave her some love over on her tumblr, https://fl0-0ra.tumblr.com/  ! Her work is stunning and she has been the absolute sweetest to work with!
Dean looked away from watching Sam and Eileen wading in the horizon and glared right back at the petulant wayward girl. “What?”
After years of fighting for their free will, Chuck was finally gone, Amara and Jack were ruling in harmony leaving Jack the opportunity to just be a kid, and Team Free Will finally had the chance to lay back and appreciate life as it came. So Dean chose just that: a day of laying low, drinking cool beer, listening to the roiling waves, and soaking in the rays of the afternoon sun.
“Of course.” Castiel began packing up the Connect Four game when Jack sat back down on the bed. They sat in silence as Castiel packed and Jack unpacked.
Rowan
Without further ado, let the action begin!
“Oh no, not that” Eileen jumped on the question quickly, almost bemused by the assumption. “They just took the big fight with Chuck a bit hard I guess. Dean, well I honestly don’t know much about him at all really. I only saw him once or twice in the bunker in the weeks after the fight and he didn’t look too well. And Sam, well Sam and I, we….. It’s……”
~~"Brother" by Needtobreathe quoted this chapter as well.
“I don’t understand, Dean. How does firing at mechanic fowl relate to a toy I find amusing?”
“Alright! Fine!” Dean shouted as he cranked the music even louder.
The angel smiled as he watched the boy skip down the sandy droves towards their little slice of paradise. As Jack thrust his new friend at his little family, each member was overly enthusiastic while grinning, laughing, and shaking hands with the seven-foot toy. It was a view so serene that it too made its way to the angel’s camera roll.
Castiel laughed at this. Jack was very mature for his age but that did not stifle his curiosity in the slightest. “It’s definitely a possibility. It’s also not entirely Dean’s fault when he gets mad. More often than not, it is because I have done something to encourage it. Just don’t be too upset with him. Dean is doing the best he can with the life he was given.”
“Why not?” Jack looked inquisitive as if he was seriously concerned with Dean’s response.
Eileen hated having to outline her thoughts directly but she desperately wanted an answer. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe something like marriage?”
Claire raised her hands in surrender as she spoke. “Jeez. What’s so important about this place anyways?”
“Why?!” Another blow to the dirt.
It sniffed at his neck as if suddenly noticing a change in the being in front of it. “There’s something different about you boy. I can practically taste the power coming off of you and it is delicious. Where’d you get the extra juice, honey?” The Shadow had begun circling Jack, like a lion stalking its prey.
Rowan
He had never been good at affection and was still terrified of ruining whatever balance he and Castiel had built over the years. They were just close enough to be more profound than friends but just far enough that Dean could keep Castiel from the demons that tormented him every day. He couldn’t bear to hurt the angel again.
Castiel smiled faintly at the man’s anxious offering. “Thank you, Dean.”
Hello Lovelies! I sure love some unlikely Dadstiel content, don't you? No warnings for this chapter but I am requesting your help! I am still in a bit of a writer's funk and I cannot come up with a coherent idea for a oneshot or new chaptered work to save my life! If you have any ideas, drop 'em in the comments or message me on my tumblr, rowanspn!
Jack smiled into his cup after his first couple sips and met Sam’s curious look. “I like apple juice. It is much sweeter than cranberry juice and is much less acidic than orange juice. It’s pleasant.”
Every day was new and exciting and there were new things to explore with every passing hour. An entire lifetime with him would not be enough. They had missed so many years where they could have been there for each other, but they were together now and that was all that mattered. She was prepared to kill anything that would try to pull them apart.
“Watch and learn.” Dean aimed the toy rifle like his life depended on it. “Watch. And. Learn.”
“He’s a Nephilim, the offspring of an angel and a human,” Cas explained, “with very impressive golden wings.” Castiel reached into his trench coat and retrieved a long golden feather. Jack had no idea Cas had collected one of them. Eliot took it with awe.
It was close to midnight when he finally wheeled his suitcase out, feeling grimy and exhausted and still slightly nauseous because of the flight, but then there Cas was, slightly rumpled and bundled up in his puffy winter jacket, holding a giant bunch of flowers. Dean’s heart swelled immediately and this urge to drop to his knees right away, beg Cas to take him as his husband and mate was almost overwhelming. Luckily for his dignity he had no ring yet, so all he could do was said a wobbly:
“I understand,” Jack said and looked up at them with a smile. “I won’t use my powers without permission. Promise.”
But once Dean had his hands on Cas' shorts-clad ass, a phone started ringing, vibrating right under Dean's palm.
"Great, that's exactly what we need now. Starry-eyed explorers in a soldier's uniform," Dean said with a snort, but he didn't try to keep his amusement out of his voice.
"History…" Dean snapped his fingers.
"We're not calling it that," Castiel interjected before Nora could get the wrong idea. While Nora was taking off her jacket, she looked from Cas to Dean, her expression open and curious.
"I'm not gonna do it," Dean said and Castiel looked over his shoulder, finding Dean staring at him, even though he had to keep his eyes from straying. "I won't let you stick your dick in me! If you try to rape me, I will use whatever force necessary to stop you!" Dean shouted, his hand now going to his weapon.
“No Jack… I will have to talk to Sam and Dean, but you’re not going to get into trouble,” he said.
"Some of my neighbors told me they'd go to see it too. I suppose it's in the nature of people to be curious," Castiel told him.
A part of Castiel feverishly hoped that Dean had left Raurica but of course the bell chimed and the hunter stepped into the café. Castiel's stomach churned but he had to calm down. He showed Dean a shaky smile and headed over to him once he sat down. As always when other patrons were present, Dean kept on his jacket and with it all his weapons. His eyes swept the room, lingering on Naomi longer than any other morning patron. Dean's instincts were marvelous.
Dean was almost glad when Uriel let himself into the room and his expression soured at once when his eyes fell on Cas and Jack.
"Wow, likewise," Dean muttered, letting go of his suitcase. Cas didn't hesitate to walk around the bed, right into Dean's personal space to wrap his arms around him. Dean instinctively did the same, pulling Cas close and scenting him. "Damn." He felt the tip of Cas' nose brush his neck too, hearing the soft but deep inhale that had Cas relax in his arms. Eventually he let go and Cas grinned up at him. Dean was pretty sure he must have looked like a fool; he was smiling so much his cheeks hurt.
"It's peculiar how quiet it is," she said, her voice clear and strong in the night. "It's the eve of us marching into battle and the world is at gentle rest." Dean huffed. "Here we are in the outermost fortress Winchester has to offer and yet we are calm." She fell silent, her eyebrows were drawing together. But when she looked towards the mountains, which marked the natural border to Elysium, her forehead had smoothed out again. They were silent for only a beat, before Lady Bevell turned towards Dean, resting one elbow on the wall and looking up at him with one raised eyebrow. "Don't you find it strange? To ride into battle, declare war with a kingdom that we haven't been in contact with for decades?" She straightened and pointed her arm out into the dark lands before them. "Where are the signs of war? Where's the unrest, the fugitives?" Dean kept his eyes on her. "It's just a chilly night like any other." She balled her hand into a fist and thumped it against the stone of the wall. "It's bloody frustrating."
"No, I don't want anything about us to be a tragic story," he said firmly.
"No, I've got no interest in a first-born. Too much of a hassle," he said. "The price I will ask you to pay isn't what I would usually charge for this kind of magic. And make no mistake, the price for reviving the dead, especially if the supplicant is a royal, is steep. A life for a life. Or… a soul." Mary took a step backwards, frightened but never changing her expression. The witch winked at her. "But that's boring. No. I will not take from you, but instead I will make things… well… let's say interesting." Mary stared at him, but the witch snapped his fingers and John sat up with a gasp. Mary tore her eyes off the witch, jumping to John to embrace him.
He exhales with relief.
Dean leads him towards his own bedroom and when Cas makes a small noise of confusion in the back of his throat, he explains: “Your bed is still a mess. I’ll wash the sheet while you sleep, but for now…”  He hums, softly pushing Cas through the threshold of his bedroom, instead of one of the many empty ones, heart somehow beating out of sync at the thought, like he’s a twelve years old girl with a crush or something. It makes him feel irrationally angry for a heartbeat – an out of sync one.
Cas nods, still rubbing at his skin, with more intensity now, like he’s not even aware he’s doing it, like he’s trying to scrub himself raw.
He absolutely cannot fuck this up.
It still makes something ugly roar in the pit of his stomach though.
. Like a compass pointing North, Dean has been orienting himself towards the angel who saved his life for a decade now, wanting and wanting and wanting. And all this time Cas could feel it?
But he’s changed a lot since then, they both have, and Dean suspects he’s being obtuse on purpose, uncomfortable perhaps with the turn this conversation is taking. There’s a smidge of teasing, of sarcasm, in his tone though, because he knows Dean values the truth between them after there have been so many lies. Dean isn’t sure why it irritates him so much, but for a second he wants to argue back, like they always do, wants to be obtuse on purpose too. He wants to be annoying and tell Cas that yeah, actually, he’d like a lie right about now because it might make him feel better about the existential dread filling his lower belly ever since Cas got stabbed.
Cas follows him automatically outside. Dean doesn’t look back at him, but he can hear the sound of his door closing, then his footsteps as he walks around the car to join him on the driver’s side. Dean hopes he won’t be too annoyed he’ll have to wait a little longer to meet Jack properly. It’s not exactly something he considered when he impulsively decided to stop, but the awareness of Cas’ presence next to him – where he was so loudly absent only a few hours ago – is justification enough for him not to regret his choice. He just needs a minute to adjust, that’s all, Dean thinks distantly. He just needs a minute, a second. He glances at Cas’ face and feels a rush of relief at the lack of annoyance he finds. It's smooth, peaceful even, and Dean has an uncomfortable flashback to the sight of his corpse. He looked peaceful then too. Dean shakes his head, looks away. No annoyance is good. Cas isn’t usually one to hide that particular emotion so Dean mentally decides to take it as an implied agreement that they need some shuteye and chooses not to mention it at all.
They look at each other in silence for a beat, before Dean chuckles, looking away. This is his best friend. And he doesn’t know what to say. Luckily, he doesn’t have to torture himself very long, because Cas speaks again, a serious look on his face when Dean looks back at him.
Cas seems to understand that without being told and he doesn’t ask any questions Dean doesn’t know how to answer yet. He simply listens kindly.
Dean nods back, feeling a little ridiculous, the two of them standing there like that when a few minutes ago Dean’s hands were everywhere on Cas’ body.
“Alright?” he asks in a soft voice instead of shaking Cas awake in a panic like he wants to. He really still isn’t looking very good, and Dean is trying to find it in himself to trust Cas’ judgement on his own health and safety, but he can’t help the worry gnawing at the pit of his stomach.
A myriad of emotions passes on Cas’ face as he takes in what Dean just said, what he implied, what it might
He promised himself he wasn’t going to do this. He promised himself he was going to…
“Do you?” Dean laughs, disbelieving, even a bit hysterical. “Because I certainly don’t.”
“No,” Cas interrupts, waving him off as he makes his way to the table too, sitting down. “That sounds perfect.”
How could he? How could he know the depth of that love, the depth of that fear, the depth of that need? He’s still talking, still has no idea, and Dean is the one to blame for opening that door when he’s always known there was nothing behind it but pain and rejection. But he’s done it now and he has to see it through.
“Are you…” Dean stops speaking when their eyes meet. There’s fear in Cas’ eyes. Fear and shame and gratefulness and something so small and vulnerable that it shuts Dean right up.
Angrily, he bends down to pick up his boots before exiting the laundry room, ignoring the goosebumps erupting on his arms as he gets into the corridor, a space somehow much colder. He feels the air hit his lower back uncomfortably and he wrinkles his nose, closing the door behind him more forcefully than needed. He’s about to make his way back to his room for a change of clothes when he has a flash of panic, trying to remember if he left his phone in the pocket of his jeans like the distracted dumbass that he is. He’s about to turn back to fish it out of the machine when he has a flash and remembers leaving it in the kitchen after his call with Sam.
“Fuck,” Dean mumbles to himself, banging his fist once against the washing machine.
He doesn’t know what’s going wrong. He didn’t plan much beyond getting into the Empty in the first place, had assumed he’d failed when he was thrown back into the world, into the bunker, violently, his back hitting one of the bookshelves in the library with a loud thud, an ache he assumes he’s going to feel for weeks blossoming across his body. Cas being just as violently thrown right after him was a surprise, the unexpected success story, but now Dean, looking at the pallor of his skin, looking at the sheen of sweat in the back of his neck, looking at his trembling figure, isn’t so sure this is a victory.
Dean watched Cas get stabbed and he had to try and carry on, coming to the unfortunate conclusion that he didn’t want to do so without him.
Cas doesn’t say anything. He just looks at Dean, waiting patiently for him to find the words but he doesn’t have any. If Cas felt freer, felt true happiness saying all those things he did the last time they saw each other then Dean feels nothing but
, that he’s going to have to face Cas for this. So he shakes his head, opens his eyes, and regrets it immediately. Cas looks
Dean nods, tightening his grip on Cas’ hand. “Of course. Once you’re properly rested, I’ll tell you everything.”
, Dean thinks helplessly.
He hasn’t eaten in ages and while he’s struggling to find his appetite, with his nerves being the way that they are, it seems a good enough option as far as ‘things to hold his attention as he waits for Cas to wake up’ go. He heats up a small bowl of soup, stirring it clockwise then counterclockwise for a while as he tries to work up to it. His stomach feels too much in knots for much of anything for the longest time, but, eventually, once it’s almost cold again, Dean does eat it. With that done, he gets up from the table, does his dishes, paces the length of the kitchen a few times, sits back down, then gets back up again, legs bouncing with anxious energy. The pacing doesn’t help so Dean grabs his phone, trying to think of a good way to text Sam about Cas being back, going so far as drafting a couple of texts before giving up, tossing his cell aside, frustrated. He hasn’t even talked to Cas yet. He told himself he wouldn’t tell Sam anything until…
He eats his slowly, picking at the crust like a child and it’s not until a while later, until after what feels like forever, Dean’s head bowed over his empty plate, hands in his hair, that a noise startles him out of his thoughts and he spots Cas just as he enters the kitchen.
damnit. There isn’t anyone he trusts more in the universe, except for Sammy.
Except Cas got stabbed. Dean watched him
“You’ll tell me what happened? With Chuck and Jack and….”
“Just let me,” Dean whispers as he leans down, sliding one hand on the back of Cas’ neck, the other reaching down, blinding trying to grab Cas’ hand and landing somewhere in the pocket of the bathrobe he’s still wearing. Dean grasps the fabric uselessly as he presses their lips together and okay, it’s a little clumsy – he hasn’t done this with a guy, with anyone really, in…. a while, and it’s
Cas laughing isn’t the response Dean imagined, but it’s the one he gets, a small, disbelieving thing as Cas shakes his head, eyes fixed on the kitchen floor. Then, after a beat, he looks back up at Dean, fond.
Surely Cas can feel that, but a quick look at him doesn’t betray anything.
Technically, they’re only a few hours away from the bunker, close enough that, under any other circumstances, Dean would push for them to drive through the night so he can be reunited with
Cas exhales when he finally sits down, like this required a tremendous amount of effort, and he starts leaning forward, eyes closing. For a second, Dean thinks he’s about to pass out, that he’s going to fall off the bed, so he says a small ‘woah’, putting both of his hands on Cas’ shoulders to keep him upright.
Cas sounds confused but Dean doesn’t take the time to explain, just walks around the table until he reaches his chair.
“What is it?” Dean asks, not realising he’s whispering until it’s out of his mouth.
“It’s nothing to be worried about,” Cas says firmly, in his ‘I am a millennia-old celestial being and I do know better than you actually’ voice, and the fact that he looks so pale, so small, does nothing to diminish its impact.
Cas eats in silence, clearly enjoying it while Dean enjoys watching him. He takes the soup first, carefully dipping tiny pieces of bread in it and humming happily as he eats them, and Dean tries not to blush at the thought that he did that, he made that little happy sound happen. Then, Cas eats the sandwich Dean made for him. Then, he requests a second one and eats that one too.
And maybe it’s the only type of love angels are capable of feeling. Familial. Platonic. Divine. Not tainted by selfish needs and urges. Not tainted by possessiveness. Not tainted by all those complex human desires.
It’s that final
“Dean?”
“You don’t have to tell me,” Cas says softly in the face of Dean’s evident turmoil and he does, he really does. If he wants things to be different, to be better, Dean has got to learn how to do this. He’s got to learn how to not be afraid of this.
“Careful with your eyes,” Dean instructs before starting to rinse the shampoo off, grimacing when the water sliding down his back comes out a little bloody.
Silently, Dean starts drying Cas’ hair, slow, careful, smiling to himself when he stops and sees the mess he’s made, strands of hair sticking up everywhere, making Cas look like a kid. Dean puts the towel over his shoulder for a second, reaching up and combing through Cas’ hair with his fingers, trying to arrange it as neatly as he can, slowing down and taking his time when he notices Cas’ shoulders relaxing.
“Dean –” Cas begins to say, an open look on his face and Dean
“Alright,” he says, opening the bathroom door and placing a hand on the small of Cas’ back, leading him through the bunker’s maze of corridors. “Let’s get you to bed, buddy,” Dean continues when he wants to say
It’s easy like this. They don’t have to say anything, but Dean knows it can’t stay that way. He can’t let it.
Dean shakes his head, refusing to allow the thought to go any further.
“You’re not alone Dean,” he says slowly, softly, and Dean understands it for the comforting platitude it’s meant to be. “You have Sam, even if I –
Dean almost laughs. Castiel is an angel. Even not at his full potential, he’s more powerful than Dean could ever hope of being. He’s more powerful than most creatures he and his brother have ever faced. He’s more powerful than Dean can probably comprehend if he’s honest with himself.
“Here,” Dean says, giving him both the room key and Baby’s, leaning back against the car while Sam goes to the trunk to grab their stuff.
He smiles, feeling quite moved, taking a few steps away from the door and towards the bed without even noticing. It’s only when his fingers are a breath away from the skin of Cas’ neck that Dean realises he moved at all. He curls them into a fist a little defeatedly before changing his mind and committing to the caress. Cas hums in response and Dean tenses, suddenly afraid of getting caught – though doing what that’s so terrible, he doesn’t know – but Cas is still peaceful, still sleeping. Relieved, Dean takes his time rubbing his thumb right there on Cas’ neck, burying the rest of his fingers in Cas’ hair. He lets himself enjoy the moment, just for a second, grounding himself, reminding himself that this is
Maybe not quite fully okay then.
He doesn’t say any of that, though he’s sure Cas would have the patience to hear it all. As silly as it is. Instead, he locks himself in the bathroom with shaky hands and doesn’t look back at Cas at all. He takes his time in the shower, washing every nook and cranny in the hope it’ll make that feeling deep in his chest go away. This happiness is so vast he can’t contain it, but it’s also tainted with desperation. Is this what people feel like when angels take ahold of them and turn them into vessels? Small? Filled with light? Filled with fear?
Cas looks down at himself, at Dean’s hand on his coat. He pauses, his face completely blank before frowning. Then, he looks back up at Dean and shrugs. He hadn’t even noticed, of course not.
What the hell happened to him in there?
Maybe, when he looks down, he can stop seeing John Winchester’s hands.
He’s asleep in less than a minute and Dean and Cas finally find themselves alone. Or as close to alone as they’ve been since his miraculous resurrection.
. Dean is a grown man in his forties, he can own up to his mistakes, can apologise to the man he… He can apologise without making a spectacle of it.
Except, instead of making his way straight to his bedroom to grab what he said he would, Dean leans against the cold wall of the corridor, exhaling slowly.
“Didn’t you?”
His thumbs dig into Dean’s hip bones as he tilts his head away, frowning.
Dean nods in acknowledgement. “Well, for what it’s worth, I am sorry. For all of it. And you… You never have to thank me for this,” Dean points towards the kitchen, their empty plates, words like ‘taking care of you’ stuck in his throat. “And I meant what I said,” he continues. “We’ll figure this whole….” Dean gestures vaguely towards Cas’ entire being, the sweatpants, the old henley, the bathrobe still wrapped around his shoulders. “This whole human thing out. Together. You can… You can hunt, or… you know…” he trails off, thinking back to the job application still on his desk, the small desire to do something
“Alright,” Dean mumbles, putting the showerhead down to grab his shampoo, pouring a generous amount in his hand before touching Cas again.
First though, he makes his way towards the kitchen, grabbing a glass and filling it with water once he gets there. Then, he gets a bowl from the pantry too before silently returning to Cas’ bedroom, leaving both on his bedside table, easily accessible if needs be while Dean is busy. His hand hovers for a moment over Cas’ head, the temptation to stroke his hair, to soothe the trembling figure, suddenly overwhelming. But Dean shakes his head, forcing himself to leave again.
– for him to be done before speaking again. “Seriously Cas, you scared me back there. How are you feeling?”
Still, after months of drowning in his sorrow, months of loneliness trying to rejoice in the face of his brother’s happiness, in the face of their evident victory, the reminder is more than welcome.
“Just… tell me how to help, alright Cas? I’ll…” Dean trails off, the ‘I’ll do anything’ stuck in his throat. He doesn’t have to say it, even if he’d like to at some point. They both know.
managed to roughen Cas up so thoroughly. Cas hums, leaning into the touch, and Dean is suddenly, violently, reminded of the Angel Castiel was, back when they first met, calculating and cold and powerful beyond a human brain’s comprehension, but orbiting Dean just the same, the two of them tangled together from the first second.
Cas just shrugs. “It seemed like a different type of stare. Like maybe there’s something on my face that shouldn’t be there. I don’t need to check in the mirror, do I? You’d let me know, right? I don’t have to make sure I look alright?”
Cas is going to wake up soon. Eventually. He’s going to wake up and they’re going to talk. They’ll have to. After months of saying nothing about what happened, after months of Sam’s pitying glances, the unspoken truth tense between them like an elastic band about to snap, the thought is a little heady, a little dizzying. He knows what he wants, yet, when Cas looked at him
“Hello Dean,” Cas says, finally looking well-rested. There are colours back to his cheeks now, the bags under his eyes still present but much less prominent than they were before. His hair is dry in messy tangles and he looks soft, in Dean’s clothes, in Dean’s bathrobe. But more importantly, he looks
“What?” Cas asks, laughing along with him without even knowing why and Dean shrugs, sheepish now, but still grinning, reaching across the table to take one of Cas’ hands between his, his thumb soft on Cas’ wrist.
“Here,” Dean says, putting the clothes and the towel over the toilet seat before walking to the shower. “Let me,” he adds in a whisper, taking charge gently, but firmly, grabbing the blanket off of him, wrinkling his nose at the slime on it and discarding it in an empty corner of the bathroom. He can take care of that later.
Cas is probably going to be a while and Dean is going to drive himself crazy if he just sits down and watches him sleep for hours, no matter how much he wants to. And fuck, he really wants to. But it’s an indulgence he won’t allow himself, not when there’s such a mess for him to clean up in the library.
“How to get you out of that Empty deal...” Dean finally says, though that’s an edited, simpler version of events.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a long while. He just looks at Dean, looks through Dean, gaze soft, and did he always look at him like that? Was Dean just too blind, too scared that angels
He gets closer to the bed and just as he’s about to hold the socks out for Cas to put on, he changes his mind, kneeling at Cas’ feet, reverent.
“No, no,” Dean says, shaking his head again. “Thanks, man, but… I don’t…” he trails off, looking down at the burnt orange carpet. It’s probably older than he is. He forgets sometimes, with the comfort of the bunker, that he used to live like this, all the time. A ship lost at sea with no harbour. But he has a port now and, he thinks vaguely, looking back at Cas’ celestial everything, a lighthouse. It’s not so bad. “I think I’m gonna go grab some food,” he finally adds after a long pause. “Pretty sure I saw a sign for a 24h diner a while back, so.” He shrugs as nonchalantly as possible. He doesn’t need to meet Cas’ eyes to know he can see right through it. “It
Dean’s not fast enough to hide his phone from view, though he does awkwardly try, and Cas catches sight of the listing, making a small noise of surprise in the back of his throat.
It takes a little while, but eventually, Cas does puke again, mostly bile, and it sounds just as painful as before. Dean makes a few comforting noises in the back of his throat as it happens, his hand never leaving Cas’ back. It should feel weirder than it is, Dean thinks vaguely. He never allows himself to touch Cas this long, even in life-threatening situations. But it’s not. It’s not weird at all, it feels right in ways Dean doesn’t want to think about too much.
to keep himself busy, to stop himself from
Most days, Dean doesn’t think there is anything pure left in what he feels for Cas. It’s selfish and greedy. It’s hungry when he lets himself really feel it, half-drunk with a hand on himself. But not today, not now. Not anymore.
Cas’ face softens with understanding. He nods. “I’ll go with you,” he whispers, grabbing Dean’s left forearm and squeezing him for half a beat before letting go, unaware he just set Dean’s skin on fire. “You can tell me all about it.”
He does end up telling Cas all about it. Around a plate of pancakes and a bottle of whiskey Dean managed to sneak into the diner, he talks about the hunt, about the kids, about Billie. He edits the peril he put himself into significantly and he doesn’t say anything about what it was like while Cas was gone – what it was like to miss him, to mourn him – but between big syrupy bites, he does talk about most of it.  Still, he doesn’t say anything about Jack either, though he’s sure it’s what Cas wants to hear about most of all. Any stories would be tainted by Dean’s own behaviour, his grief. He’s not sure he can examine any of it yet, especially not his change of heart. It’s funny how the whole Jack thing doesn’t seem so bad now that Castiel didn’t have to pay the ultimate price for the kid. Still, there’ll be much to discuss once they’re back to the bunker. Much to think about, much to plan for. But not tonight though. Not yet.
“Dean,” Cas whispers, unsure, scared, eyes still fixed on the floor and he heaves again, a painful sound rattling in his chest.
“No,” Dean says forcefully, determined, interrupting Cas’ kind but irritating reassuring speech. He doesn’t understand, he never has, and Dean was always too much of a coward to explain, to tell the truth. He’s lost Cas so many times already and every time he gets him back, Dean thinks to himself
Instead, he looks away. Then, he takes a gulp of whiskey, busying his hands to avoid reaching for his phone.
As he grabs a few cleaning supplies before heading to the library, Dean figures he should probably cook something for Cas too, for when he’ll wake up. He’s going to have so many human needs to take care of again, the least Dean can do is help. Something light though, something that’ll be easy on his stomach, but filling enough so he can build his strength back. Some sort of broth perhaps?
“G’night,” Sam says half-heartedly before burying himself under the stained comforter without even looking at them.
"Hello! This is Jack!" Dean almost dropped the receiver at the unexpected, cheerful voice of the kid.
"Plenty of people don't like the bite, it has fallen out of fashion," Mary mused. Cas shrugged and decided that this was a good moment to be a bit daring.
"Keep it below 50," Gabriel told him, taking everybody by surprise. "If you can of course find 50 people who are willing to accompany Dean into the lands of a people they have tried to make their enemies." He added with a wink. Despite his words, his expression was still good-natured, as if the humans' attack on them was not even a nuisance.
"I guess, but… I'm not sure-" Dean said, trailing off.
All of his research based on the Winchester rumor mill had led him on a path to search for a place called Rapunzel's tower. It was the most likely place for Sam to be imprisoned in. Lucky for Dean, most people knew of Rapunzel's tower and the exiled witch living there. On the downside, most people didn't really know where it was and could only give him the vaguest directions, most just waving their arms west. "Just go on, go on," they had said, and so Dean had, albeit feeling a little stupid in doing so. And now here he was, his three months almost up and no sight of Sam or that cursed tower.
"You're such a nerd," Claire told him, boxing his shoulder playfully. "I swear if anyone bullies you in college, I'll go beat them up!" Jack tilted his head at her, his eyebrows drawn down.
"But you were pretty spoiled by your father and uncles," Cas reminded him. Jack nodded at that, a grin on his face.
"Or a witch. Witches and their sex magic. Gross." Dean shuddered.
"Thanks," he said, then he turned away from her and her sad, remorseful face and stalked away towards the training grounds.
"So, I guess this is good-bye for the time being," Charlie spoke up, bringing John and Mary back to what was actually happening. Dean had dreaded this and now that it was happening he had no idea how he felt.
"There are rumors that Asmodeus rode into the border lands quite often, precisely at the same time Lucifer happened to also hang out around here. Of course, they have never been seen together, Lucifer wouldn't debase himself like that. But you can do with that what you will," she said. "What I know is that Asmodeus gave Ketch the task to spread false information with the hope of leading Winchester into a battle that they couldn’t possibly win. The ensuing chaos, quite possibly also a devasting war, would have been the ideal moment for Hell's forces to move in, for Asmodeus to win territories."
The only thing left to do now was to ask around the neighborhood, which was certainly going to be fun. An FBI agent going from door to door with a picture of a disappeared sex toy. Dean's phone vibrated and he pulled it out. Surprisingly, Cas had texted him back, but it was nothing but a rude emoji.
"See, this is where things don't add up," Sam said and crossed his arms over his chest. "Why do you think your mother warded herself against witches?"
"Now, Mr. Drought, according to the police, you mentioned a woman being the one to kill," Dean looked down at his notes, "Mr. Martin." Drought shivered, a high pathetic whine creeping up his throat. "When did you meet her?"
"So," Mary started, but John interrupted her:
"I'm alright! I'm… not going evil… Just drained..." Sam gasped, then he waved his arms weakly towards the opposite wall. "Go… check on Dean…" Castiel hesitated only a second, making sure Sam was not hurt, then he hurried to Dean's side. He prince had fallen to the floor, still clutching his stomach, his breathing labored and face pale. Cas kneeled beside him, gently lifting him up.
“Damn it, Cas. I had hoped that once my text message came through that you’d have reception again. I didn’t think it’d take another 4 damn weeks!”
"I'd rather not," he answered tersely. Uriel continued chuckling for a moment, but he eventually sobered up when Castiel started rubbing at his chest. It was an uncomfortable feeling. Like he had overstrained his muscles.
"Don't you worry. You'd be mentored by our current head of marketing, for the first couple of months. Jo Harvelle, you'll like her," Ash promised. "We've got a great team, Charlie included."
“I’m sorry about the light. The storm just knocked it out a moment ago,” Castiel apologized when he came back from behind the counter to place a candle on the table for extra light. “Do you want to give me your coat? I’ll hang it up to dry,” he offered. The stranger drew back a bit, but after a moment he got out of it and handed the coat over. Castiel hadn't missed the hesitation and he felt that it wasn't simply indecision that caused the pause. No… It was wariness of being separated from it. Castiel decided to keep his mind open, because caution was better than regret. He could feel the jacket not only weighed down with rain, but by something containing arcane energy and he felt the tingle of silver vibrating through it. Silver bullets, a journal that had soaked up not only knowledge but also the emotions of two, no, three people.
century place. Castiel had his hands on his knees, studying Dean with a clear and calculating look, as if he was trying to figure Dean out.
" Sam's not lost. He's been kidnapped. And what could you have done? Imprisoned Sam in the tower, so that nothing dangerous would ever happen to him?" Castiel shook his head. "Right, that's what I thought. This isn't your fault. And you're not alone, Cas. We're gonna do this, bring Sam home. Don't give up hope." Castiel studied Dean and his open, honest expression. "Good thoughts and all of that, right?"
"You didn't disappoint me," Cas told him sternly. "You merely lost a duel. Please get up and see that your wounds are fixed. You have a mission to go on after all." Uriel got up and nodded, his expression solemn but at least the shame had disappeared. Some others hurried to Uriel's side, patting him on the back and shoulder, as they accompanied him to the manor.
"Sure, that'd be great," Sam said and Mary agreed. Dean reached out his hand, holding it out to the god, who looked at him with a bit of confusion but without losing his friendly smile.
"But that doesn't mean anything is wrong about Cas, he's just…"
"Yeah. I'm really worried about that locket, so maybe once you've got the cursed dildo and deposited it in the curse boxes Mom has in her car, you can help me with some tentative leads," Sam suggested. They agreed on that and Dean ended the call. He quickly checked his phone to make sure that he hadn't missed any of Cas' messages. Of course, there were no new ones.
"How did you come to raise Sam anyway?" Dean wondered and looked over his shoulder. He startled slightly as he found Castiel sitting right at the edge of the cart, where it was attached to Impala's harness. He was holding on to the rusty remainders of the cage that had once been on it, staring at Dean with his mysterious blue eyes. Dean couldn't help but hold his gaze, mesmerized.
"I was just trying to get your dad to come shopping with me! Do you want to come along too?" she asked. Now it was Castiel's turn to groan, but he suppressed it as best as he could. Claire was already grinning enough.
"Yes, Dean… Please… Put down your roots here," he begged. Dean closed his eyes, not putting up any resistance when Castiel pulled him into a hug, kissing his cheek. "Welcome home."
century of an alternative universe," Dean said but was prevented from continuing by the room erupting in noise.
"A love spell," he finally said more to himself than to the coven. He almost instantly regretted that the words had slipped past his mouth without having thought it through properly when he heard Raphael snort. Cas knew it was irresponsible, but his irritation at Raphael made him stubborn. "A love spell will refocus his attention, muddle his mind and eventually gives me the ability to shape his thoughts and actions. If I have enough control I can make him leave, take the information that nothing is happening in Raurica into the wider hunter network." He saw Raphael's expression darken in obvious anger, but Naomi gave a nod to Michael and the coven discussed quietly. Castiel felt the prickle of dread and disgust pool in his stomach.
"I… don't think so. He can be harsh though and he might give you a hard time," he said eventually. "I don't want him to get you into trouble with your superiors. You said this wasn't a proper FBI case." Dean's expression softened at that.
"You must be very court near to think that," the young woman said.
Same-designation omega relationships weren’t unheard of, but they were vaguely disapproved of. Castiel wasn't usually a prude or sat on a high horse of moral indignity about other people's love lives. But he had never been interested in a same-designation relationship. Besides, Castiel had nothing to offer to a man as brilliant as Mr. Winchester. The only thing he could do was to make sure that Emma learnt everything she wanted to learn and that he opened as many chances for her as he could. Of course, he did that for every intern, but he had even reached out to his sister to inquire about an internship at her clinic when Emma had implied that she was interested in becoming a doctor specialized in omega health.
"They have only been together a couple of months, it's probably a bit early to be discussing that," Sam mused.
“I love you too.” They hugged until Dean’s phone pinged with an alarm that told him if he didn’t get his ass moving, he’d miss his plane. But would that be so bad? He was very comfortable in Cas’ arms. Cas gave him a nudge.
Dean looked at him and now that Sam was gone, he didn't even try to hide the pain.
“Of course. See you later,” Dean said and terminated the call. He sent the coordinates to his Chief Longhair mandated work ipad. He logged in and opened a new case file, even though he was pretty sure he wasn’t gonna send it off for review. Just in case (because Dean wasn’t an idiot) he logged the phone call as “potential haunting, Smith Center” and put himself on the case.
He took a steadying breath, remaining close to the station house. He felt the familiar faint ache in his chest, urging him to seek out his other half, but it was muted now, no longer feeling like a gaping wound that hurt more and more the longer it remained undressed. He was almost comfortable now, but he supposed he would feel even better to return to the manor and into Dean's presence.
"Hey Cas!" he greeted with a smile and Cas felt himself relax instantly, happiness taking hold of him. Dean walked to the table, putting his hand on his shoulder. He bent down quickly to kiss the side of Cas' head, then he looked at what Cas was reading. Castiel doubted Dean had magically learned Enochian in the hours he had been gone. "What's going on?"
He remembered what Naomi had said, how a child would complicate matters. And even though this wasn't their child, Dean and Cas were still married. What would that mean for their relationship if Cas adopted this kid? What would it mean for Winchester's line of succession? There was no way that Lucifer's Nephilim son would be sitting on the throne. He'd even prefer Uriel governing Winchester than giving Lucifer one foot in the door to a kingdom he would prefer to see gone.
"Hey now. I'm always well behaved!" he argued and Cas eyed him suspiciously. "So… Where and when?"
The beach was pretty packed, but Dean and Cas still found a nice space to lay down their towels. They stripped down to their swim wear, slathered themselves in sunscreen and then they lay down on their towels, under their parasol and relaxed with their books. Cas was surprised to find Dean reading what seemed to be a YA novel.
"Good thing you're a millionaire," Cas teased, then he kissed Dean and lay down himself. "Good night, Dean."
Dean was back to staring at his phone, Cas unresponsive. This morning he'd felt anger and guilt but now he just felt abandoned.
“Not yet. Not for now,” Sam added gently. “You know, you just got 'em back, Jack. We want to make sure you're comfortable with them again before you...” Sam trailed off.
“Ugh, fine,” Cas laughed.
"I guess Gabriel was off when he said angels were keen on decorum. She certainly wasn't," John replied to that. "Of maybe angels are simply not as cultivated as we are."
Let's begin the real story.
"Of course. You too," Dean said. "And hey," he called, holding on to Cas hand when he withdrew from the window. "You're going to be fine. Jack's just a short drive away. And you can always call me if you get lonely." Castiel smiled at him.
Dean parked the car in the driveway of a two-story house. It looked nice, with flower boxes and a clean exterior. They all got out of the car and Dean led them up the path, ringing the bell. It took a moment but then an older woman opened the door. She wore a floral print dress and a big smile on her face. She was freckled and had the same green eyes Dean did.
And by 11:30 he had convinced himself that life would continue how it had been for the last three years after all.
"This is parenting," Dean said when Jack sulked in the backseat. "Consequences for your actions. Deal with it."
"That's not a question I can answer with certainty," the god said and sat down on the bench opposite Dean, crossing his arms on the table top. "To be honest I can't even guess as I'm not sure how dimension travelling works."
"I hope you two are using protection," Dean joked, "would be weird having a sibling that's 40 years younger than me." His parents groaned. "Hey! You started it!"
"Dean, Cas!" she said, opened the door wide and beckoning them in. "Put down those things and let me hug you!" Dean complied while Cas closed the door behind them. When Dean was done receiving hugs, Mary turned to Cas, wrapping him up and squeezing him. "It's so good to see you! Come on, you've got to meet Sam and Jess!" Cas caught Dean's encouraging grin and then they were ushered into the living room. Cas had of course seen pictures of Sam and Jess and heard quite a bit about them. Before he could say hi however, John was there, clapping him on the shoulder, smiling at him warmly.
"It's frustrating that we seem to be helpless and can only wait," John complained.
"Cas…"
"I'm sorry," he said and Dean shook his head. "Hunting monsters… It must be a difficult job."
"My bad. It's been a while since I last had the pleasure of interacting with human royalty in any formal capacity. So how about you let me rectify my mistake and lead me to your monarchs?" he asked, his voice still amused and not remorseful at all.
"Well… I met Anael in the library and she hinted that there were some people in your High Council that weren't super stoked about humans. You treat this as an issue to be settled solely between Enoch and Winchester, but you seem to be aware that your higher ups will look into it and decide if they want to retaliate. So… are we screwed?" Castiel sighed.
"We have a friend who can travel through dimensions but he can be a bit annoying," he told him, "and I certainly didn't want to summon him when Cas was around. I'm not going to burst his bubble about angels."
"This is different," she told him, her voice gentle even though she stared at him in a way that seemed almost stern. "You are being punished for a crime that you have committed. You can see yourself as a hero or as a victim, whatever you need to get through this." Dean lowered his head, though he didn't break eye contact with the angel. "But you have invaded our country and slayed my brothers and sisters without cause." Dean pressed his lips into a tight line.
"Dean probably knows how to use deodorant," Jimmy joked, receiving an elbow in the side by his wife. Jack seemed to consider that, but he didn't share his thoughts.
"That was really touching, Cas," Dean said when they were back on track, taking the small road that would eventually lead them back onto the merchant's route. "You healing that little kid… You didn't ask for anything in return."
"That seems sensible," he said.
He was in Sam's room now. This was his long lost younger brother's room. Dean had nothing to remember Sam by as his parents had removed almost everything leaving Sam's room as nothing but a shrine to his memory, something that Dean didn’t dare to touch, like it was a picture in a museum. But he remembered the weight of him in his arms, the way his heart expanded when Sam smiled at him, how pink his cheeks were and how soft his hair. And he remembered his scent.
"Oh, come on…" Castiel muttered, rolling his eyes. Luckily, Jack only seemed to be vaguely interested in this topic. He was much more interested in getting out of the elevator and to his room. He got out his key and unlocked the door. They all piled inside and Cas was surprised how spacious and nice it was. There was a small lounge area, a door that led to a bathroom and then two single rooms also closed off with a door.
"Bad news," was the first thing his brother said and Dean's heart sunk. He slumped slightly in his chair, rubbing his forehead. "The guy who investigated the kills in Beverly, the hunter? He's dead."
"I'm sorry!" Dean snapped and saw Sam pull a face. Mary was eying the god.
"That's great, Jack. Glad that Cas had the talk with you." (And Dean was sure that Sam was glad. Neither of them were particularly tight-lipped about sex but one memorable family dinner at Jody's taught them just how uncomfortable it was to talk about it with young adults.)
But it quickly turned out that Dean also didn't know what to do with the situation they both found themselves in.
“I’m in the Empty. There’s not a lot to see behind me,” Cas said with a small, apologetic laugh. Dean just stared at him. “The Empty took me whole… With my phone it seems.”
They arrived at the closed door. Hannah knocked and listened for a second, before she pushed the door open. She didn't go in, instead turning towards Dean with a polite smile.
“Yes… twice. Once to Sam, in case you want to wait for him to wake and talk to him about it,” Cas offered. Jack thought about that, but decided that he actually didn’t want to wait. Especially not if it was only to disappoint Sam and Dean if it was revealed that he did not have a soul.
"Welcome home, Cas," Sam said smiling. Cas looked at him, then at Dean who was casually leaning against the door frame, looking like he was at home here as well even though he had only been inside once.
"Fine. I'll see if I can send someone to Milton Heights to get you stuff, if they even have anything like that here…," Benny told him and that's the kind of support Dean was glad for.
"Maybe the red bikini, it's sexy," Jack suggested, pointing at the equally offending looking item.
"Dude's a dick. He shouldn't talk to you like that," Dean said softly but Cas merely shrugged, not interested in discussing it. "Hey. Do you want to come to my room?" Dean offered, concern written plainly over his face even though Castiel had expected a flirty expression.
"I can't just get out of here. I live here. Cas is my boyfriend."
"What's the point, huh? Do you want to wage another war?" Dean asked, gritting his teeth. Asmodeus studied Dean.
“Will I get into trouble? For using my powers?” Jack asked once Cas drew away a bit. He sat down on the bed next to Jack, turned towards him. Castiel shook his head, a small smile on his lips.
"Knife dipped in witch-killing brew maybe? It'd be the same approach we use for the witch-killing bullets." Sam countered and Dean shrugged at that.
"You're unsettled," he decided, his mouth pulling down into a frown. Dean didn't like how exposed the words made him feel, so he merely shrugged.
"But you do correct people when they assume Jack is your kid," Dean pointed out. Cas nodded, taking the bottle when Jack held it out to him.
“I’ve wanted to do this… for so long.” It was as if Castiel’s shuddering breath pulled the confession right out of Dean. He bit down hard enough for his teeth to leave deep, purpling marks and the walls cracked with Castiel’s muffled moan. “I wanted to pull you down to the ground and make you mine. I didn’t want you to leave.”
"Talk to you, Cas?
Castiel spent hours crafting a spell and altering the ingredients to the fateful curse work that would break through all of Dean's defenses and lay him bare before Cas to mold to his own desires. He felt his magic hunger for it, for all that potential that Dean kept hidden behind that cocky smile and that dense, powerful aura. As Castiel stripped the plants of their leaves and ground them into a paste, he imagined what it would be like to give into the desires of his magic, to let its greedy hands tickle over Dean, pull him close and taste him.
Clearly Castiel's hesitation must have shown on his face, because Dean chuckled. He stepped closer to Cas, bringing his warmth near and Castiel couldn't help the sigh that escaped his lips.
"Maybe you expected a grander welcome, but I didn't think it wise to announce the battle and its consequences all too openly," he said.
"I repeat. Couldn't this have waited until 8 AM?" Dean said louder this time, talking over whatever Sam had planned on saying. Jack shifted his focus from Sam to Dean. He tilted his head and frowned at Dean, clearly puzzled.
"What's your Cas like, then?" Dean wondered. "It's weird to imagine having the tables turned, with Cas being mortal and me being a supernatural creature."
"Not that I know of. I don't think I'll have to do anything but lie there," Castiel said and despite himself, Dean burst out laughing. "What? Isn't that correct?"
"Dean hasn't asked me yet if I wanted to meet them…," he admitted. Jimmy instantly picked up on his insecurity.
"Charlie… What about… What about Cas? Do you have a Castiel Novak on your list?" Dean tried to keep his voice even but it came out frantic sounding anyway. Charlie was silent for a while, which only made the torment worse.
"Outdated," John muttered into his wine.
“Just a little supportive kiss,” Dean said with a grin and Cas smiled at him. “Let me know if you change your mind about needing support.” Cas agreed to that and then they continued working.
"Is it now?" he heard Cas say, his worried tone momentarily replaced by amusement.
"You think you'll bringing them over again?"
"Hm, I guess about 10 years? I'm a man of many passions, so I don't stick to one thing for too long," Gabriel said. "Also don't like hanging out at the same place for too long."
Castiel remembered that at the very beginning of him there had been warmth. Just a flicker of it, a heartbeat of being aware and alive within a humming plane that he was never able to fully recollect afterwards. The next thing he knew he was fully formed and alive in Heaven, dispassionately greeted by an uncaring older sibling, given a name and a purpose and that was it. Castiel was and he had not been before, that was what Heaven told him. And yet… Whenever he had asked about the
Wanderers still passed through the town, but Dean never felt the call of the Wild like they did. He was happy to build a life with Castiel and the furthest he ever went was to visit his brother in the Capital.
"I don't have an alpha," he said and Dean's jaw dropped. He distantly heard moustache snorting a laugh at that.
"Yes. I think he's right. We've already waited this long. We can manage a while longer. Besides, Charlie would kill me if I went home and didn't take her with me." Mary looked like she wanted to protest, but she did look from Dean to Cas, and eventually she nodded.
Sent from: Dean Winchester (Dean.Winchester@sandover.com)
"Two months," Dean said and Millie lifted her eyebrows. "It's kinda new."
"Should have known! You were always a history nerd, like Sammy! Let me guess. You want to work at a museum once you grow up," Dean said with a wink and Cas couldn't help being offended. Of course he wanted to work at a museum, it was a perfectly respectable job. Dean reacted by lifting both hands defensively, one still holding his drink. "Dude, chill. I can tell you're two seconds away from roasting me to a crisp."
"If you are so interested in having a baby around, then why don't you and John get on it?" Jess challenged. That derailed the conversation as everyone started talking at once about sex and child rearing later in life, effectively letting Dean and Cas off the hook. Cas turned his head, looking at Dean only to find his eyes on him already. Dean's expression was searching, almost serious, but then he too was pulled into the conversation and the spell was broken.
Also, you can see what Cas and Dean's beach attire looks like on my tumblr!
"It's not within my power to travel in time or to create portals into other dimensions. I'm just a simple deity," he said. Dean cocked his eyebrow at that because a god that can't be killed by the usual means didn't sound like a simple deity to Dean. But he had other matters to attend to.
"It is a Sennentuntschi, but I wonder how it got here… Usually they aren't supposed to be able to leave the alps…" Castiel mused, as they had reported back their findings to Sam and Jack. Sam and Jack hadn't really found out much, but the woman at the museum knew enough German to translate some Swiss news articles for them. But it was clear that nobody there in the last decades believed the creature to be real and they simply had no access to Swiss hunters' information (if that even existed).
"I'm… I'm not hoarding it!" Cas argued hotly, "I'm just making sure I won't fail." Now it was Dean's turn to roll his eyes. Again.
"I do understand that," Cas told him gently, wrapping his arms around Dean and resting his head on Dean's shoulder. Dean sighed.
"Cas…" Cas shook his head.
"Can you give me her address?"
"If Lucifer is given cause to believe that we fabricated a reason to attack, he might want to retaliate?" Dean guessed.
"That's a shame," he agreed and Castiel nodded. He looked at Dean, how he trailed his fingers over the rim of his cup of coffee, with a small smile adorning his lips. Some ease had slipped into Dean that wasn't posturing at all. Castiel knew not to take it as a sign that he was off Dean's list of suspects, but so far Dean had made no clear indication that he considered him part of the case. If indeed Dean considered this a case.
Hello Lovelies! Nothing new to add for this chapter except for some angst and references to alcohol abuse.
“He eventually pulled me into the dungeon. Billie was hot on our tails so he warded the door and….and then she started pounding on it...over and over again. Each time she hit it, the warding sparked. It was like Cas and I both knew we were gonna die but didn’t want to say it.”
Eileen chuckled lightly as she watched the boy’s face as his eyes glittered in awe. She liked that the simple things in life amazed him so much. In reality, Jack really was a toddler that had just begun discovering the world and she enjoyed watching him learn and find new things every day.
Miracle had come into the kitchen towards the end of their conversation and had stayed at Dean’s feet the whole time he ate. Sam had smiled when he noticed Dean’s fingers ghost over the dog's fur for comfort. He even pretended not to notice the crust that Dean snuck the dog, just happy that they were interacting again.
“I’m sorry Dean. You do not deserve the burden that has been placed on your shoulders. I can’t begin to attempt to understand the depth of the loss you must feel. I wish there was something I could do to help you.” His words were genuine and Dean finally looked him in the eye.
Just a little content warning for implied alcohol dependence and angst! Other than that, enjoy and let me know what you think!
Castiel’s jaw dropped. Jack had never called him that before and he felt like his heart was going to burst. He’d always known and felt like he was Jack’s father, but that was different from being a dad. That was an entirely different ballgame as Dean would put it and Castiel felt like he might cry at the gesture.
“What do you say we win you a prize too?” Dean asked and Castiel sensed a hint of nervousness on the man but could not place why he would feel that way. “Go on, pick which one you want.”
Just a few short years ago he would have been humiliated to be in the presence of such gluttony and lust but now, he was thoroughly enjoying the atmosphere. Dean had dragged him to countless bars over the years and he had found that he had some preferences when it came to the drinks and attendees.
Castiel grimaced when he saw the bottle while thinking of just how bad Dean must have been drinking before to cause his liver to be as exhausted as it had been just a few hours prior. “Dean…”
Dean rolled his eyes as Claire’s incessant pestering broke the serene atmosphere. “Fine. Raid the cooler and quit your whining. I’m trying to relax here.”
Jack smiled and nodded enthusiastically before taking Castiel’s hand in his free one and letting the angel guide him and his bear to the shop that caught his eye. The boy perused the small tables and squeezed the bear tightly to his chest while taking in the stand’s inventory. Something on one of the displays caught his attention and Jack turned to Castiel with a grin.
Castiel raised his hand and cut the man off “If I remember correctly, you and I got in a fight because you wanted to return it. I felt it only reasonable that you receive a gift for your birthday that you want to keep.”
He watched as they circled the two vampires: one of which was surprisingly tall, even bigger than Sam. He was terrifying. Upon seeing this, the strangest thing happened. When Dean saw Eileen and Sam picking each other up and moving together once again to decapitate one of the vamps attacking them, he felt the strangest pang of fire deep in his gut.
He spent the next few hours cleaning the room until it was spotless. He could have just used his grace to fix things in an instant, but he preferred to keep himself occupied as long as possible to keep his mind off recent events.
“For what?”
Castiel felt Dean’s hand find the sleeve of his overcoat and allowed himself to be tugged through the crowded room. He could feel the warmth from the touch through the fabric of all his layers and it was like electricity.
Dean looked down into his empty glass with disappointment before meeting Castiel’s concerned eyes. He could hardly believe he was meeting Castiel face to face at that moment. For weeks he had been dreaming of the moments he had once been able to just look the angel in the eyes. Those dreams had haunted his waking moments every time he allowed himself to think and Castiel had ghosted his thoughts since the Empty took him.
A stick was shoved in his hand when Dean led him to the empty table in the far corner of the room and he stared at it incredulously. It was heavier than he anticipated but not uncomfortable. Much like his angel blade, it was well balanced but he was unsure what to do with it exactly.
Sam smiled at that knowing his brother well. “And second?” he asked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
Hello Lovelies! Saileen? Saileen.... You bet your beautiful faces I just wrote some Saileen because that ship is bound to sail and Imma be right there with it! No warnings for this chapter. Just some cute family stuff with characters that deserved more screen time!
Sam looked longingly nowhere in particular as he remembered what Dean used to be like when they were young. He had been so vibrant and full of life once. He missed seeing that version of his older brother. Sometimes when Dean laughed, Sam caught a glimpse of the teenager that raised him: the teenager that would hustle pool, bare-knuckle fight, and play late-night games of poker all to collect enough money to help make ends meet for Sam.
Until later,
Dean reset his jaw and took aim. He hesitated and aimed once again, desperate to do his job. However, the innocence on the sleeping child’s face lowered the man’s weapon. He returned the safety of the pistol and dropped his arm to his side.
“Come on, Dean. I’m old enough now.”
Dean watched as his brother nodded and attempted to calm the squirming infant. Under normal circumstances, he would have laughed at the sight but this time he simply pointed Sam to where the can of newborn formula was waiting on the counter with a bottle.
“What did I say about never doing that again?” Dean barked while shaking Castiel’s shoulders.
“For the last time, I’m comin'!” a grin played at his lips as he took a seat on top of the cooler on a rock next to Jack’s. “You think you can handle the bait yourself this time?”
The man turned his body to fully face the angel and leave his guard behind. If the angel was going to put himself out there, it was only fair Dean did as well and he was terrified: terrified of rejection, of the unknown, of the seemingly inevitable, of losing his best friend.
Dean closed his eyes and let his body relax, finally giving up and accepting his defeat. Billie was right, it was about time for him to accept the sweet release of death and he was ready. He breathed as deeply as possible with the fist gripping his throat and risked one final look in Sam and Eileen’s direction.
Hello Lovelies! How are y'all doing after that last chapter? I hope you are all doing well. A bit of a shorter chapter this go around since those last two are a bit hard to follow up but I can assure you that some great content is coming your way!
The drive back to the motel was a tense one. Dean was playing the exact same tape as before, replaying the same songs over and over again. Sam was confused by the song choices. They were from all different albums and years. It didn’t quite make sense since Dean was a stickler for music rules, but he didn’t want to question it.
The entire group stared in disbelief at Jack’s comment as the Nephilim looked up from his pail. His amber eyes gleamed with youth and mischief as he laughed at their stares. It was as if nothing could bring the boy more joy than to see his family on their knees in shock and laughter. That was eminent as the light from his eyes wavered over the sand as he rocked back and forth in fits of giggles while Claire joined in.
“Hi Sam” She spoke and signed to keep her hands from shaking. She knew this call was important, but Eileen could not resist the urge to melt into Sam’s eyes and simply stare.
Claire shrugged and smiled as she winked at Castiel and tore off a piece of her pretzel. “You try a bite of this and you will be forgiven for everything.”
Castiel watched as Dean dropped his gaze to the table. He reached out for Dean’s hand but stopped himself knowing that there was a chance it would only make the hunter’s mood worse.
Sam noticed his older brother raise the angel’s hand in his own and softly press his lips to the angel’s knuckles. Sam rolled his eyes and kissed Eileen’s temple again. His brother really was a sap.
“You sure took your sweet time huh? Let's get out of here and go get something from the food court. I would kill for a pretzel right about now.”
Dean smirked and looked down in his lap as he grabbed his fishing pole again. The kid sure was odd and apparently unbelievably observant. Sure he loved his family but they just weren't the lovey-dovey kind. They said it in other ways.
With a shaking hand, Dean gripped the lapel of Castiel’s coat. “You’re not sorry?”
“And what you said?”
“I know you feel responsible for me. I understand why too. I’ve had time to grieve and as weird as it is seeing my dad’s corpse talking to me, I do moderately enjoy spending time with you.” She teased as she spoke.
He felt Dean push his arm forward to strike the cue ball and it sank one of his remaining striped balls. Castiel turned to look at Dean and beamed. He was no good, but he loved the game and the happiness on Dean’s face was priceless.
The angel laughed at his boy’s animated and completely accurate statement before returning to scour the tables and displays for something just right. Just as he was ready to give up the search, Castiel noticed something on a small shelf and it brought a careful smile to his lips. Without another thought, both Jack and his choices were paid for, and joined the countless other trinkets in his increasingly burdensome pack.
“Alright just like that,” Dean spoke quietly in his ear as he pulled Castiel’s striking arm back.
“Dammit Sam move!” Dean barked and shoved past his brother.
At that, she began to shove him back and Dean screamed as he felt the rebar begin to pierce his skin. It burned as the flesh along his spine tore to make way for the rusted metal and his body was flooded with searing hot pain. His head swam with it but that fire of rage grew even bigger as his fury coursed through his veins.
Also, got an idea you want to see put in writing? Put it in the comments or reach out to me on my tumblr, rowanspn! I am looking for ideas for one shots and would appreciate your input! Enjoy!
“How much did that monstrosity cost?” Dean joked as he found his place at Castiel’s side.
Dean threw his arms over Castiel’s shoulders once again, pulling him tightly into his embrace. His face found refuge in the crook of Castiel’s neck as he attempted to suppress the tears he could feel coming yet again.
One thing I said that I would never do
Castiel was drawn from his thoughts as Dean shivered next to him. He laughed and removed the quilt from Dean’s shoulders. The man immediately began to protest but Castiel pressed a finger to his lips to hush him.
The only thing Eileen cared about was the feel of Sam’s arms around her as he kissed her with a passion she was happy to return. Her heart felt so full it could burst and she trembled underneath the man. She could imagine a happy and content life by his side forever and that made her feel like she could soar and for the second time that day, the sock rule was completely ignored.
“There he is! The man of the hour!” Jody bounded towards Dean and threw her arms around him. “Happy Birthday Honey.”
As he gripped the flannel tightly, Castiel sunk into the nearest chair at the table and held his head in his hands. Castiel could feel the soft fabric against the side of his face as he shook his head in an attempt to clear his mind of the memories that often permeated his thoughts.
It was odd. He had spent years humming the tune to himself late at night in sleazy motel rooms or in the early morning in his car. For years when he was a young boy, he would hum to himself for comfort after a nightmare his father would do nothing about.
I remember a night just like this one when I realized I had wasted twelve years of my life. I was your charge but you were my friend. You became my brother but we both know that wasn’t really the case. I was your charge but you changed me too.”
“Cas? You alright?”
If you give me domain in your territory, I can keep the balance in the universe, all while never needing to wake you for your permission. I will only take what is necessary and give you those who require more permanent ends to their stories.”
“Yes, you do! Come on! You know you love it!”
Sam raised himself to sit against the headboard and kissed her again. Eileen couldn’t believe how happy Sam made her feel. It was like every day with him taught her how to love all over again.
If you have a request for a one shot topic, ship, or scenario, drop it in the comments of any of my works or reach out on my tumblr, rowanspn. My ask box is officially open so I will be checking there as well!
“Well,” Dean started with a bit of excitement in his voice. “What interested you, buddy? Anything I can treat you to?”
Jody laughed and turned to Patience. “I sure hope so too.”
Rowan
He hoped to hear that Castiel had somehow managed to escape again, but he knew the answer he was bound to get. He would have felt Castiel’s presence if he was in Heaven, Hell, or anywhere in between.
Castiel set himself for another shot and surprisingly succeeded. He knew he could easily use his grace to sink every shot and win, but he far preferred Dean’s method. It was selfish but he loved the intimacy of Dean teaching him how to do anything remotely human, particularly things like this that brought them physically close together.
Enjoy
“You know,” he whispered shyly and grinned at the nervous angel in front of him, “I know just what to fill this thing with.”
“Why do some people not like them? I don’t think Dean really likes his emotions. He never talks about them and when he does he just gets mad. That’s why he and Castiel are fighting. Isn’t it?” Jack looked at Sam and Eileen earnestly and Eileen reached across the table to take Jack’s hand in her own.
“Where the Hell are you?” Dean’s voice came angrily from the other end of the line.
Dean had realized he wasn’t ready to die, not yet. He had unfinished business.
Sam didn’t want to admit it but he did have ulterior motives. He didn’t want to be alone with Dean. Sam was nervous that his brother would do something stupid or dangerous and he wouldn’t be enough to stop him alone.
The drive back to the bunker was exhausting. Sam and Eileen had talked about his discussion with Dean before she got in her car to follow them. They had decided that it would be a good idea to accompany each other while they healed from the hunt.
When Dean drove back to the bunker with a quiet Sam beside him and a sleeping Jack in the backseat, he thought about the jar nestled in his lap. He had refused to let go of it since he sealed the lid. Even when he packed Jack into his car seat, the mason jar was right there with him.
Castiel smiled slightly while thinking about the time Jack begged him not to tell Sam about the late-night cereal snacking he once witnessed.
Sam and Jack talked about the menu while Eileen stared at them. She thoroughly enjoyed watching their dynamic. When it came to the relationship between Castiel and Jack, it was obvious the two were a father-son duo. Sam and Jack, however, were more complicated. She noticed that while Sam was definitely a father figure to Jack, they seemed to have the relationship of a boy and his goofy uncle.
He felt Dean laugh more than he heard it. “That’s pretty damn sure.”
Of course, that never happened. Instead, I lost the fight and became a demon maniac and beat the Hell outta you. You could have killed me then couldn’t you?”
“Happy Valentine’s Day Cas” the man whispered as their noses touched.
“And that last part?”
“Now why would I do that?” He asked in a teasing tone.
“Chuck’s Heaven is perfect. It’s almost too perfect. There is a place for every soul and every soul is in its place. It just doesn’t sit right with me. How can Heaven be paradise if all it offers is reliving one’s happiest memories over and over for all of eternity? Humans spend their whole lives preaching about paradise and praying for admittance so it feels like they deserve much more.
Castiel turned around to look at his son. “Thank you. You saved my life.”
“I remember a night much like this one, Death pounding the door down, staring down the end of a millennium. I remember staring doom in the eyes and seeing only one thing, you. I gave my life for yours not because I felt in debt to you, but because I truly wanted to.
Dean brought his hand up to his eyes, shielding them from the blinding light before him. His scream nearly matched Castiel’s as his fear overwhelmed him. As the angel’s true voice filled the room, the bunker began to shake. Books flew from their places on the shelves and light bulbs erupted in sparks as they showered the group with shards of glass.
When he stopped screaming and the light of his grace finally eased, Castiel surveyed the damage he had done. The grass of the planes around him singed away to form a perfect circle in the blast zone. He had burned it all away.
Castiel watched as the squishmallow as Jack called it, the boy seemed to have quite the fascination with the toys, made its way from the display into Dean’s eagerly awaiting hands. The man turned and offered the toy to the angel with a smug grin.
“Here, if you don’t wanna do it, I can. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, aside from eating your vegetables.” He winked at Jack’s glowing face and took the worm from his fingers before loading it onto the pole in the boy’s hands.
“That means that you’re going to have to watch me be human.”
55 down, seven to go. This journey has really been one for the books. Be sure to let me know what you think about this chapter and fic as a whole. It's about to get really juicy!
“He tried to return it to me a little bit ago, the time he abandoned us again. The night the Empty took him, I realized that I hadn’t seen it since. After we defeated Chuck, I practically ripped the bunker apart looking for it.
Eileen squealed as Sam lunged at her and shoved her into the bed while kissing her all over her face. For the second time that day, the world faded from around them. Eileen and Sam moved as one and let the rest of the bunker and everything surrounding them fade from existence because none of it mattered nearly as much as the feeling of being in one another’s arms.
“Well buddy,” Dean pulled several bills from his wallet as he spoke, “consider it as good as yours.”
“Alriiiight and that’s our cue.” Castiel felt Dean shove him out of the booth.
Dean began to feel tears welling and he let his gaze fall to the table again, hoping his hair falling over his eyes could shield them from Sam.
“Look” she tapped on Jody’s arm as she thought out loud “This symbol, have you ever seen it before?”
Dean turned to Jack and pulled the boy into an equally tight hug.
“So you really played it huh? Nice job.” Sam complimented Jack and laughed at the smile he got in return.
Hello Lovelies! I am soooo happy to be back and I am dying to get these next few chapters out ASAP! Get ready for some angst and more comforting Sammy! These boys deserve the world!!! Be sure to leave your opinions in the comments and take a look at my new oneshot in my Baby Jack Series, Touched By An Angel!
A conniving grin spread across Castiel’s face as he gathered Dean in his arms bridal style. The man squirmed a bit to be released but it was obvious Dean was far too tired to do anything but let himself be carried to the Impala’s hood.
Sam laughed as the group packed into the library carrying a variety of drinks and weapons alike. It was almost comical how odd the group looked in such a mundane situation.
“Well, that is easy.” He smiled down at the man. “I will stay with you as you age and help you when tasks become too difficult to do yourself. I will heal your ailments and ease your pains.”
“Yeah well, you are a terrible cook.” Dean teased while winking at Castiel again.
Kisses,
Dean hugged her tightly and buried his face in her neck while swinging her back and forth. He couldn’t contain his giddiness. Dean felt himself being tugged from behind and he turned to find Donna giving him a huge hug as well.
Dean saw the angel across from his sigh. “Yes. It was feasibly possible for me to smite you.”
Dean glared at the bottle as he filled the two glasses. “And so what if it is? Are you seriously going to stop me?” the hunter snapped while setting the bottle back onto the tabletop. As he spoke, Dean noticed Castiel flinch and his voice instantly softened. “Look man, I’m sorry. I’ve just been stressed and had a long last couple of weeks.”
“But what if I die?”
Photos were taken and printed, the shelves of the bunker filling with frames. Scrapbooks began to adorn every available surface as they made the memories they worked so hard for. Every memory, big or small, was cherished and printed because it was finally their turn to solidify happiness in their lives.
“Well I chose first so I suppose that makes it your turn.”
“I needed some alone time, Dean.”
“Tell me about the stars.”
Eileen tugged her top on and tuned to find Sam doing the same. As he redressed, she meticulously unpacked her bags and returned her belongings to the dressers and closet they belonged in.
Jack linked his arm in his father’s and led him out of the room into a long blindingly white hallway. As they walked, he stole glances at Castiel every few moments. He was so happy to have his father at his side again and he was shaking with excitement for what the next few minutes would hold.
“Dean,” the angel hissed while clambering out of the booth with less grace than he was willing to admit. “What was that?”
In honor of our favorite little bean's birthday, I have cranked out this chapter as quickly as possible and am actually fairly happy with how it turned out! To celebrate the big FOUR here comes some family feels and Dadstiel and son Jack content!
As the first few notes played, he glanced over at his older brother once again and caught a glimpse of a single tear sliding down his cheek before Dean hastily whipped it away with the back of his hand.
"Yeah right," he muttered to himself. As if things were every that easy.
“There’s not a lot that could kill Jack, so I wasn’t particularly worried, but it’s my duty to protect him,” he said. Dean nodded and then he stared at Cas some more. Because pretty face aside, the dude was an angel! Sure, there was enough evidence that angels existed, but all the lore suggested that they never came to earth anymore. Dean had merely filed angels away as “just another monster” and he wasn’t particularly religious, so he wasn’t gonna shit his pants in awe. But he
"You're such a dramatic drunk, seriously," Anna said, laughing in amusement. "You'll have a good time! I guarantee it!" Cas smiled at her, nodding tentatively. He hoped that he would at least be able to relax a bit. Because he really did earn this vacation.
"Okay, let's try to find Jack's grandparents now. Do you know anything about them?"
"Oh! Where's that confidence coming from after that previous statement?" Dean asked with a laugh.
"You gotta feel your feelings, man…" Dean said and while it maybe wasn't the most poetic encouragement, it still brought a small smile to Cas' face. "And I'm here for you. You're not gonna do this alone."
“Do it, Cas,” Jack asked, breathing in deeply and lifting his chin. Castiel seemed somewhat reluctant, but eventually, he took off his trench coat, carefully folding it and setting it aside on Jack’s chair. Then he unbuttoned his cuffs and pushed the sleeves of his jacket and shirt up. He then stepped in front of Jack, putting his left hand on Jack’s shoulder, steadying him.
"Sure?" Dean asked. Better now before he lost his confidence. "Unless you angels need some kind of ritual to hype yourselves up to it?"
that they could win this.
"I don't know where he is. We had a nice afternoon together yesterday but I had to leave early. He probably hung out with Jess, forgot the time and decided to crash at her place," she said, a little bit too quickly and wooden for it to be totally convincing. Castiel opened his mouth, but Dean lifted his hand to stop him. Then he turned to Charlie, turning up the charm.
Gabriel and Michael nodded and the other witches approved as well.
"Cas… Nothing's gonna happen. Just… relax. Take a shower," he said, his voice sounding drawn. Castiel felt shame burn in his cheeks, so he turned around without another word, getting to the shower.
"You're a hunter, Dean. I know why you've asked but I can't tell you anything," Cas told him, his tone softer now too, almost tired. Dean still felt like an ass, even if he knew Cas wasn't really upset with him. He put his arm around Cas shoulder and pulled him close.
"It is not a secret," Castiel confirmed. Gabriel snapped his fingers and pointed at Cas.
"That's great, you're well prepared," he praised and she looked at him in relief.
"Because… you needed my magic?" Cas suggested and Dean laughed.
"Yes, I am. But I need you to know that this doesn't change anything," Castiel said, leaning back against the counter. Dean's expression fell at once.
“I’ve waited long enough,” Castiel retorted at last and moved his hips slightly to seek friction. Dean held him down, actually feeling a bit surprised how his palms alone where enough to stop Castiel’s squirming. All that incomprehensible power and Castiel was still willing to do everything to please Dean.
