“You set me up.” Nick says, disbelieving, “I knew you were going to do something, but I didn’t think you were this devious.”
Behind Castiel, the rear gate squeaks on its hinges, and Castiel glances over his shoulder to see who’s intruding on the zen he’s managed to curate over the last couple of hours.
“Stay still,” Cas warns, touching the cube back to the bud of Dean’s nipple. The chill makes it pucker and jut out and Dean grits his teeth, forcing himself not to move. It’s a weird kind of burn that tapers off into numbness after about half a minute.
“A little,” she says. “It doesn’t hurt at all while he’s doing it, but he can be a bit rough afterward.”
Cas lifts his head up off the pillow, goes to shake his head, then thinks better of it, says, “No. Thank you.”
Sometimes, Dean also forgets that Cas has spent twelve years around Dean and picked up some sarcasm and sass. Though Dean suspects a lot of that dry sense of humor came in his factory settings, settling deep into that crack in his chassis.
“Castiel,” one of them says in a thick Russian accent. “Your father has sent us to bring you home. He says he’s tired of your little experiment.”
The shattered glass and debris beneath its boots crunch slowly as it circles Castiel, thinking itself the predator rather than prey in this situation.
Hand over Dean's mouth muffling his moans, Cas watches Dean intently, dominant and self-assured. It’s been years, and Dean can only take so much.
Reaching his destination, Dean finds a gap in patrons waiting to be served and leans on the sticky countertop, not quite tilting his hips, but knowing he doesn’t need to in order to get this guy coming over.
Guy had a thing for dog hair. Yeah, that’s right. Dog hair. He’d collect it from a groomers downtown and sit in his car and sniff it, caress it, and masturbate with it.
the boyfriend,” Charlie yells at the screen, “you dumbass!” Some of her donut sprinkles fall to the carpet. She gets kinda wound up about this stuff. Can’t stand it when the chicks in these movies are always so unconcerned about what she perceives to be big red flags.
Judging by the admiring glances he’s been getting in the queue, Dean’s not the only one who’s been busy
“Fine,” Dean says to his husband, who looks more like a teenager getting scolded for coming in past curfew than a realtor in his late thirties. “I’ll go get you some food. But then we’re coming up with a plan.”
Dean sets to work cleaning up the half-eaten cartons of Chinese food, sweeping some into the trash can he’s holding, and trying to decide whether it'll make him look like a scavenger if he takes a couple of ‘em back to his hotel room to eat for breakfast.
“I’m special agent Benny Laffitte,” Benny touches a hand to his own chest, before gesturing at Dean, “And this is my partner, special agent Dean Winchester. We’re from the FBI.”
Cas chases Dean’s mouth when he (reluctantly) pulls away and they just stand there for a while, pressed together, trading lazy kisses back and forth, heat and intensity building until Cas breaks it off this time, breathing ever-so-slightly ragged.
“Touch yourself,” Cas gasps suddenly on a rushed exhale, like it’s super important that Dean obey instantly, right this fucking second. “Do it.”
Dean just grins that infuriating, beautiful grin that had Castiel lost from the moment they laid eyes on each other. He already knows that he's hooked Castiel, but just for good measure he says, “Come on Cas, it’ll be just like the old days.”
His boyfriend is sitting on their bed, casually cleaning what looks like a .22. He looks up at Dean, blinking baby-blue eyes, like he’s been caught with his hand in a cookie jar, rather than sitting there plotting a murder.
Cas is breathless with it, chest heaving air into his lungs, and when Dean hollows his cheeks, sucking hard, Cas tries to roll his hips, attempts to fuck himself further into Dean’s mouth, but can’t. He makes a frustrated sound; a
God, Dean hopes not. It always gets super messy when there are significant others and kids involved. He’s not a homewrecker, not really, but the heart wants what the heart wants.
“Just Google him,” she suggests after a delicate sip of wine. “It’ll bring up everything you need to know.”
Taking his time swallowing the food, allowing a few precious seconds to come up with a response, Dean says, “I’m fine, honestly. Just looking forward to seeing Sam next weekend, y’know?”
Dean can see Jimmy’s eyes change as he considers saying what Dean’s been half-dreading, half-desperate for, since his wedding day. “I don’t know,” he chickens out at the last minute, backs down from the challenge. Just like Dean knew he would.
Annoyed by the bland compliment, Dean doesn’t respond, instead choosing to watch the sharp suits come and go. Lawyers and accountants, stopping in for a liquid lunch.
“How else am I supposed to get your attention?” she demands, all kinds of menacing as she stands there, iron poker in hand, like a strict Catholic schoolmarm ready to give a couple of kids a good caning for getting caught making out in the vestibule. “Smoke signals? Carrier pigeon? Our phones don’t work.”
— and ignoring Jimmy’s attempts to engage Dean in conversation about the boxing match he switched over to in a transparent Hail Mary to get Dean to acknowledge him.
Despite Dean’s best intentions regarding his little brother, he keeps pushing the impending visit back. He and Cas are having the best time, and he wants to preserve this moment for as long as possible.
His hand on Dean’s dick feels like heaven and hell all at once, perfection and damnation, ‘cause he was an idiot if he ever thought that, after everything, he and Cas wouldn’t end up back here.
In the thickness of the trees, there’s no breeze. It’s damn near as suffocatingly hot out here as it was back at the inn; the air heavy and sweet.
She’s standing there waiting to be invited in, Dean can tell, like a fucking vampire, but there’s no way she’s coming inside. “Something I can help you with? Jimmy’s not here.”
Educational too, ‘cause with Cas, he’s learning new things about himself. He likes to be forced to his knees when it’s Cas doing the forcing, he likes to be told he’s a good boy when it’s Cas doing the telling, he likes to go all pornstar foamy with his spit when it’s Cas shoving his cock past Dean’s gag reflex.
He used to never shut up, was teased mercilessly about it by family members who took him and three-year-old Sammy in while their dad left on his never-ending quest to find himself.
Dean munches aggressively on the brownie square he ended up choosing, “Am not.” He muffles through a mouthful. It’s not bad, but now he’s wishing he’d been brave enough for the lemon drizzle.
Dean swings his legs over the edge of the bed, pushing himself into a sitting position. His boxer briefs have ridden up one ass-cheek in the night, his hair is flattened against his scalp on one side — on the other, it’s a riotous mess — and his mouth tastes like something was born, lived a tumultuous life, and then died in it.
They haven’t found a plausible explanation for the banging, and possum aside, Dean’s pretty sure it was a deliberate attempt to freak them out.
Cas’ expression morphs from curiosity to concern and there’s a chance that he’s about to rip the phone out of Dean’s hand, just to find out for himself.
Cas’ hand situates itself on Dean’s lower back, most likely a warning rather than encouragement, but Cas can’t just throw the gauntlet down and not expect Dean to pick it up. Not anymore.
Cas jacks him once, twice, thumb smearing through the precome that gathers at the tip, before letting go and ordering Dean to turn around.
Dean shakes his head, pushing a branch out of the way and not bothering to keep ahold of it for his former friend. The whip-crack it makes once Dean releases it and it smacks Benny in the neck is sadistically satisfying.
“Yeah,” Benny’s eyes dart between the three of them as he backs up a step. “Because the whiskey we’ve been drinkin’ all evenin’ had gone right through me, and I thought it was a better idea to go together, rather than lettin’ him go off alone!”
Castiel was a sophomore at college when he met Dean. His car had crapped out on him and Dean had chatted to him as he fixed it, talking generally about hobbies, one of which was storm chasing - the
The place looks exactly the same as it did ninety seconds ago. Nothing has been visibly disturbed, and there’s no sign of any of the doors having been opened or closed.
, ‘cause he’s all about the faux-compassion too, up on his high horse supplied by the grace of a god who encourages him to highlight his own virtues against the perceived sinfulness of others.
Things are getting more and more heated, and the thread of Dean’s panic is getting wound tighter and tighter. One of the goon’s gorilla paws tightens on his gun.
The house lights go down and Dean smacks himself in the chest once, jogging in place like he’s an actual athlete or something, rather than some lucky asshole who gets paid the big bucks to play fight with other half-naked sweaty guys.
Dean’s not sure what to say to that. It’s not his place to get in the middle of whatever their issues are with each other and especially not on his wedding day. Save that shit for a family reunion ten years from now.
Epiphany or not, he can’t not be a dick when dealing with treacle-sticky emotions, so as a half-apology, half-explanation, he adds, “I sometimes forget you have people feelings.”
Victor may be about to breathe his last, but that doesn’t stop him from getting one final snipe in on Dean. “This coming from the man who pretty much exclusively lives in plaid and henley shirts?”
The familiar light show begins inside the attic, the multi-toned blue making the storm outside look trivial by comparison, like Mother Nature has to abide by the same physics as everything else in this world, but the Cenobites don’t have any such shackles binding them.
Benny bucks and writhes underneath Dean, threatening to unbalance him. He digs his chin into Dean’s forearm, both of them grunting with exertion and struggling against one another. The multi-tool is still out of reach for both of them, but Dean’s taking no chances. Benny shoves himself upward with his right arm, his body rising and tilting. Starting to slide, Dean swings a leg over Benny’s hip.
Jimmy snatches it out of his reach, staring him down with fury in his blue eyes. In them, Dean sees that he truly
She pauses her texting, slants him a look. “No creative insult for me today? I’m disappointed.” Putting her cell on the table, she glances around at their wood-paneled, marble surroundings, probably deciding (like Dean) that this is not the best place for a bitch-off. “What do you want, handsome?”
They lie there in a pleasant, holy-shit-did-we-just-do-that-and-during-work-hours-too silence for a little while. Until it becomes too much and too heavy for Dean to bear, because holy crap, this has been a
“When he touched down in Illinois a couple of weeks back. He didn’t say anything about the box to me, the sneaky little fucker. Probably knew I’d tear him a new one over it.” The line crackles as Balthazar blows out a frustrated breath.
“For fuck’s sake,” Benny growls and starts the climb up the steps. At the top, he looks over his shoulder. “Y’all comin’ or you just gonna stand there and grow roots?”
With a shaking hand, he turns on the faucet. He splashes cold water on his face and lets it drip down. He looks up at the mirror again.
Avoidant behavior is Dean’s forte and he’s mildly put out to discover that Cas — someone who has never had any issues confronting anybody — is actually better at it than him.
Her attention slips past Dean to where Daniel slung his suit jacket over the banister in his hurry to chase Dean up the stairs.
Dean inhales sharply when he catches sight of Ketch in his periphery, jogging toward him. Crouched in the middle of the path on the narrow stretch of trail, pretending to tie his shoelace, Dean studiously focuses on making himself look as distracting as possible, which ain’t all that difficult in the criminally tight running shorts Cas persuaded him to wear.
Right. So, the karambit — the Damascus steel one? It seems unlikely that Cas has hopped on a plane to Syria. Though with the levels of avoidance taking place today, Dean actually wouldn’t be surprised.
Dean whimpers, shivering at the sound of Cas’ voice, his cock blurting out another pearl of precome. “Please, Cas. Fuck me. Need it, need you.” His whole world is narrowed to Cas’ hands, his mouth, his dick, and nothing else matters.
“Oh God,” Cas grouses, like the fucking stick-in-the-mud he’s become in the last few years, and Dean barely refrains from rolling his eyes.
“I haven’t thought about Jo in years,” Cas murmurs, his thumb stroking absently underneath Dean’s shirt, over his hip bone.
Exhaling on a shaky sigh of relief, he gives himself a New York minute to regulate his racing heart. Fuck, he hasn’t run like that since his junior year in college. Bending over, hands on his thighs, he looks up at Charlie. “Jesus fucking Christ, Charlie. We thought you were getting murdered or some shit."
Instead, Cas has asked Michael to casually drop little nuggets about his and Dean’s relationship to Raphael. Things like, ‘
“He’s kinda intense, ain’t he?” Jo comments as they watch Cas turn on his heel and stride off across campus.
Facetious as always, Charlie moves forward ever so slowly on tiptoes, lifting her knees high, setting her feet down gingerly, her lips pursed — a parody of silent sneaking. She stops next to Dean and grins conspiratorially at him as she pulls the photo out of the ejector slot. He grins back, always pleased to be complicit in pissing Cas off.
He hasn’t exactly got a blueprint for this kind of shit. There’s no ‘how to be a stalkee’ handbook out there, and all that tangled up with finals and the whole Cas thing has Dean feeling like he’s going insane most days.
They’re both breathing raggedly by the time Cas pulls away; pink, plush slick of his mouth, and fevered brightness of blue eyes rapidly giving way to the blackness of pupil, as the desperate stilted, rhythm of their hips aligns their erections together over and over again. Dean dives in for another filthy-hot kiss, chasing Cas’ tongue, pleasure winding tight around his nerve endings, Cas’ mouth hot and open under his and it’s good,
Nick gestures to his lackeys to put their weapons away and Dean appreciates the initial show of trust, even though it’s immediately followed up by them beginning to search the warehouse. “Where are the workers?”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Castiel replies dryly, but there’s an amused tilt to his plush mouth. It’s more red than pink now, and Dean doesn’t need to look far to discover the source.
Coffee ready, Dean reaches into his pocket for his wallet, but Cas tells him, “On the house,” as he slides the to-go cup across the countertop, their fingertips touching when Dean makes to grab it.
“I love you too,” Dean admits, like it’s his dirtiest secret, and maybe it is. He’s never loved anyone before. Not outside of his immediate family anyways.
“You guys were so wrapped up in each other,” Charlie says softly. “You have no idea how difficult it was to pry you apart, just to make you come up for air.” She sighs. “I guess knowing what we know now, it kinda makes a lot more sense.”
Cas’ attention may not be on him right now, but Benny’s is; just-the-wrong-shade of blue falling on Dean as he enters the small space. He looks good. A lot better than the last time they saw each other, even with the way his cheeks redden and his heels kick up, flailing for purchase as Cas cuts off his air. He’s not wearing any kind of recognizable courier uniform, which pretty much confirms Dean’s suspicion that this isn’t going to be that stereo system they ordered for the media room.
Charlie pats him on the shoulder. “Whoever they are, dude, they’re missing out big time. You’re awesome.”
Dean plays along, removing his hand just enough so that Nick can hear “Forty minutes?” He says to Cas, knowing that Nick is listening at the other end of the phone, “There’s no way we can make it back in time.”
The man called Dean pretty as he pushed him to his knees behind some dive bar attached to the shit motel. He was scrawny, with a Coke-can cock that tasted like cotton and sweat, but Dean came out of the encounter forty dollars richer. He was able to buy enough food to feed himself and his brother for two weeks, so he was okay with the way the scent of the dude’s skin lingered even after a couple of rinses of the mouthwash Dean invested in.
It was theoretically sensible of Nick to want Cas to hand it over to avoid war. Practically? Well, Dean would say that Nick will live to regret it, but he won’t because he won’t be alive much longer.
Nick shoots again. Or Cas does, Dean’s not sure, but the fear of getting a bullet to the chest or back doesn’t deter him, doesn’t even slow him down, and he’s launching himself at Nick with all the grace of a swan taking flight.
Now, Dean’s beginning to wonder. This is a stressful situation and both Cas and Benny have a tendency to go nuclear when someone pushes their shiny big red button, so maybe, just maybe, they’re being a couple of idiots hashing shit out. Them having a polite conversation about their differences is too much to hope for, but Dean would settle for a petty fight.
The bartender doesn’t even pretend to humor the douchebag, instead addressing Dean. “Just say the word and I’ll kick him the fuck outta here.”
“I of course have no way of knowing how strong the subject was prior to death. He has decent muscle definition,” Castiel studiously does not watch the way his boy’s muscles move under smooth, freckled, slightly ashen skin. “But that does not necessarily denote strength. However, in re-animation, he is considerably strong, able to hold up dean Winchester’s entire body weight--” He clicks the pause button on his dictaphone, says to the purple-faced dean, “--how much would you say you weigh?”
A warm palm strokes over the raised welts on Dean’s ass. “I don’t believe you’ve earned the right to be fucked.”
“What a handsome bunch of guys!” Charlie grins as she backs up to get them and the creepy-ass hotel in the frame. "Say, 'Let's all get murdered'!"
Cas’ expression slides from ingenuous right into menace. Dean fights not to react, but his body is hard(heh)wired at this point; his response practically Pavlovian. “What do you mean by that?”
are gonna set this gang up to take the fall for the arson because the police chief needs someone to pay for it and of course, he has to be seen to be doing something. Otherwise they’ll fire his ass and he’ll get replaced with a cop
Pint glass raised to his lips, Castiel glances around at the dozen or so employees of Elysian Plains Realty spread across a couple of the high tables, smug and mostly unbearable in the way that realtors have to be if they want to progress past being merely good at their job.
This unsub though… this unsub is already proficient enough to find the heart on their first proper attempt. The other wounds can be easily written off as superficial and a result of the struggle Stefan put up for his life.
Cas is the only thing in the world Dean loves like this, but Cas has two options to choose from, and Dean hates it.
Right there, Cas presses the gun into Ketch’s lower back, all daylight robbery, and something akin to triumph filters through Dean.
Finally, Castiel touches him, but it’s with the silk of Dean’s tie as he binds his wrists in position, right in the dip of his back, just above his ass. It takes an excruciating amount of time where nothing is said between the two of them, so all Dean can focus on is the smooth, cool feel of the tie on his skin, the pattern of the weave of fibers, the slightly rougher rub of the seam running up the center.
“So thoughtful,” Dean added through gritted teeth, scratching at his neck impatiently, picking at the dry flakes of vomit.
“No?” Dean says, meaning YES. Then, because Sammy’s warned him about being a dick, Dean adds, “I mean, you obviously didn’t put those bite marks on your own neck.” A heartbeat after he says it though, he starts to wonder.
, a no-good skank who’s responsible for breaking us up? Who killed Charlie and Garth? ‘Cause honestly, I’m feeling kinda footloose and fancy fucking free right now!”
. Just to reassure her that he’s taking her case seriously, he says, “Have you ever seen him turn into a bat?”
Nah. Benny would’ve said something by now, if he knew anything. He’s just seeing how close they are and figuring it’s unhealthy.
“You’re all I can feel,” Cas answers, his eyes heavy-lidded, the pulse in him seeming to quicken in response to Dean’s careful exploration.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, awed, as Castiel rises to meet him. He drags Castiel into a bone-crushing hug. He smells good; all rich leather and earthy warmth.
“Hi,” the man says, breath ghosting over Dean’s neck. He’s standing too close to be decent, and this ain’t that kind of bar, not at all, but this guy doesn’t seem to give a shit.
“Mmm,” Castiel agrees. There’s a pleasant warmth settling in his gut, building in his veins, this low, thrumming desire.
of this would’ve happened if Cas and the kids had stayed put when Dean asked them to. Granted, he didn’t foresee homicide-slash-cannibalism as an outcome of them sneaking out after he explicitly told them to stay, but surely it only proves his point.
Dean’s back is ramrod straight, and right here on the goddamn quad, he wants to kill him. Just stab him in the fucking eye with a rusted ring binder. He’s literally admitting to the shit he did — is continuing to do — and he thinks that all it’s worth is an apology.
Of course, they’re not going to tell him the truth, but they can tell him a believable half-truth. “We’ve just finished a war,” Cas explains, “Until the casino is sorted, we can’t afford to potentially start another one. Least of all with the dregs of the local branch of the mafia. If it gets back to them before we’re ready, then it could spell disaster. For all of us.”
Changing the subject and reminding Charlie that she wanted to organize this shit at ass o’clock in the morning on their moving out day; one last meeting before they all part ways for the summer, Dean says, “You got any coffee for us? We’ll need enough to kill off the brain cells used to process that information.”
Dean lets Daphne drive them there in her car. Normally, Dean would drive his own, but there’s nothing normal about this trip, and there’s no telling what Dean’s about to get himself into. If this gets messy — and the odds ain’t in his favor for a laughed-off misunderstanding — then Dean can’t have someone — a neighbor or passer-by — giving the cops a description of his very distinctive ‘67 Impala.
Somewhere out in the great expanse of darkness beyond the headlights of Cas’ car, a wild coyote shouts. The moon is probably kicking about too, hidden behind the Vasquez rocks and layers of man-made pollution, but for now, they’re stuck with the squashed-rhombus-shaped slices of light from a car that’s renowned for depreciating in value faster than Beanie Babies.
"That true, Benny?" Dean asks as evenly as he can when his stomach’s turning over like a V8. "'Cause it's kinda funny that the stalker shit started happening right when I met you all. And it obviously ain't gonna be Charlie or Garth."
He walks past the toilet stalls to the gym-like changing area. Steam drifts in from the shower room. There’s a single robe left on the bench.
Gabriel pushes himself backward off the stool he’s been straddling. “I’ll find out for you while I get us some shots.”
And isn’t that the big issue? Dean kind of wants Cas to come in here, save him like some knight in tarnished armor, but at the same time, he doesn’t, because Nick has killed everyone who has come through that door. But Cas is smart. Smarter than every one of those stupid fuckers that just kept coming like lemmings.
Either way though, Dean’s unarmed. But, that doesn’t mean he’s weaponless. He does have one thing that he can use to get one over on Nick; something that the asshole has wanted for months.
And sure, there are plenty of decent-looking people out there who think they’re in love, think they understand what it entails, but as far as Dean’s concerned, pure romantic love has no strings attached. Unfortunately, most people are inherently selfish and therefore incapable of it. Most people keep score sheets —
But Jimmy’s not listening, too far gone in his own head, Dean’s accidental slip all the confirmation he needs to plummet off the deep end. “My own brother—” He reaches for the bottle, almost overbalancing.
Dean sighs, “Alright. In this fairy world where princes and knights in shining armor are real, let’s imagine you’re telling the truth and you didn’t hurt Cas at all.” He makes a loose gesture with the photo in his hand, before he replaces it in his back pocket. “Go on.”
Dean’s waiting with bated breath, heart in his throat, when Cas reaches down and roughly palms Dean’s ass.
Not having the heart to tell her it’s a Ned Flanders quote, Cas replies, “I just heard it around. I’ll see you tomorrow, Amelia.”
Reality sinks in, harshing the post-orgasm, grim changing-room glow, and Dean pushes to his feet. Cas helps him, gets a hand on his elbow, steadying him.
Top Gun adds a hipster-sounding IPA to the order and the bartender sets to work. Benny still hasn’t budged, standing close by Dean’s side like the world’s dorkiest bodyguard, making sure that Top Gun maintains his distance.
No other sounds come during their search. No screaming, pipe-banging, or possum-shuffling. Dean and Benny explore the other floors, half-expecting to find the mangled remains of the other three in each room they enter, but there’s nothing.
Cas is striding through the airport, carrying himself with the kind of confidence that Dean admires the fuck out of and Jimmy seems to lack. People actually move a couple inches to the left and right of him, out of his way, which is practically throwing a coat down over a puddle in front of royalty as far as this city is concerned.
“Shit,” Dean breathes, tossing the wet shirt so that it lands with a water-logged thwap in front of the desk. Cas is covered in abrasions and scratches; in some places, there are pink-puffy, oozing gouges, and with the help of a strategically placed flashlight in a cubbyhole-slash-mail-slot behind him, Dean can see that there’s already a mottle of bruises beginning to form across Cas’ ribcage.
Dean’s seen a lot of horror movies. The chances of somebody waiting for him with a machete are alarmingly high, but Cas seems his usual aloof self, so Dean steps inside, hoping that this isn’t some elaborate plan to claim on his life insurance.
“Ooooh, an office scandal,” Gabriel crows. “Cassie, you dog! Lavender today, fucking at a show home tomorrow.”
, but he doesn’t. Instead, he catches Ketch’s arm and twists it so hard that Ketch cries out in pain. Cas shoves the arm up behind Ketch’s back, holding it there for Dean to snap the other cuff around his right wrist.
, and Dean would die for the asshole, zombie or not. They can figure this out together; it’s just gonna take some outside-of-the-box thinking.
“Er, hello, I’m calling for Dean Winchester.” He pauses, tries not to smile so that it doesn’t eke into his tone, “‘Monster hunter extraordinaire’? Uhm. I believe I have a problem with some ghosts or poltergeists in a couple of my rooms. Oh, I should explain. I own a motel and...well actually, that doesn’t matter. I’d like to make an appointment for a consultation to discuss the issue. Please call me back on…”
“Yeah, I don’t get out much,” Dean responds, facing forward again to try and flag down the bartender. He bends at the waist, practically folding himself over the bar and not-at-all-accidentally shoving his ass into the guy’s crotch.
To his credit, Benny doesn’t argue, instead leveling a look at Dean, “He wants to sit down with you. Reckons you and he have a lot to discuss.”
“Oh!” The guy says, eyes wide as he stares at the place where Cas’ palm is practically a brand through Dean’s clothes, “I’m Nick.” To Cas he adds, “I’m really sorry, I didn’t realize.”
and Dean is undoubtedly looking forward to that delivery) but not so great when he’s trying to butter up a little indie stationer who has
In the dining room to Dean’s left, the furniture is smoldering charcoal, foul-smelling and turning to ash like a vampire in the sun. The clock has stopped. A crack in the flooring spiderwebs between his feet.
, Cas’ name is carved into that fucking table, Dean’s not going anywhere until Cas finds his way back here.
Cas lifts his hand away, before bringing it back down a little harder, connecting with a sharp smack.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, waits for the weird, swoopy-stomach sensation he’s always assumed would come with teleportation.
This time, when the door swings open, a different guy, one with whiskey-colored eyes, is standing there in a neon green kimono.
This time, the bellow doesn’t come from Dean or Cas, but the Cenobites. The lights flicker and grow brighter still, the noise building toward a crescendo. Dean has to turn his head, the strength of the light like a minor sun. It burns hotter and hotter, brighter and brighter, louder and louder, reaching a peak that pushes Dean to the cliff’s edge of sanity, staring into the abyss below with unseeing eyes.
Benny grunts his acknowledgment, and seconds later, there’s a weak cone of light over Dean’s shoulder. He turns his head enough to catch Benny’s cell phone flashlight in his periphery, then faces front again.
“You know, there are more efficient ways to woo someone than to hang around in their yards late at night. The least you could have done was hold up a boombox playing Peter Gabriel.”
Cas turns to him as they walk, “If I can find one. Because the owner of this place might have left in a hurry, but I’ve noticed he didn’t leave any entertainment facilities behind.”
If it’s a choice between Jimmy or Cas, of course, he’ll choose Cas every time. But Dean’s not convinced that his choice is a binary one — there are other options; Dean could just find another body for Cas to slip into.
“No,” Dean agrees. “The worst idea would be literally walking up to the murdering psychopath and insulting their mom, but this is definitely at that end of the scale.”
“Hey, it really is pretty decent in here,” Garth says, surprised as the rest of them. He leaves the foyer and walks over the hardwood floor toward the registration desk. “It’s better than I thought it’d be.”
Dean nods, and with Cas’ assistance, he gets to his feet. He feels stupid and self-conscious when he sees that the person — a dude — is still there, watching them nervously.
Which is why it’s kind of a big deal that Castiel called him beautiful. “Pretty” comes with a leer and gravel-pitted knees, but “beautiful” comes with reverence and intrinsic value.
Dean can practically feel Cas' eye-roll at the careless and stupid comment, 'cause, yeah, admittedly they're not exactly the poster boys for ‘careful and smart’ right now.
Dean’s sticking with the odds. Sure, it’s possible Jimmy’s spoken to Balthazar. But is it probable? Nah.
"Are you jealous?" Charlie asks Benny, but it’s definitely more accusatory than a genuine question. "Is that what this is about? You regret not trying it on with Dean, so now you're taking it out on Cas?'
The line snaking around the side of the red-brick building inches forward. Dean and Benny are only a couple of bodies away from the front now.
Dean needs alcohol for this conversation, so he wrenches open the twisted metal of the refrigerator door and pulls out a beer. It’s still cold and he pops the cap on the edge of the counter, something Jimmy used to bitch at him for. “So we’re still going to Judeo-Christian hell for all the murders, but we’re free from a bunch of unearthly weirdos who took their fascination with BDSM ten steps too far? Good to know.”
Only one way to find out. Dean knocks his chair back on its rollers, steps around the desk, and crouches in front of Daphne.
The demon holds up its hands. “You’re right. It’s not.” It shakes its head, hair longer than Dean used to keep it. “Except…
like us getting involved. You know how these old school gangsters are, right? They ain’t gonna take kindly to us meddling in their affairs. And us helping their enemy? The very definition of meddling in their affairs.”
For all the fun shit they’ve done to each other in the last year, they’ve yet to get into temperature play. Which is fine with Dean; he’ll give anything a go once, but getting involved with molten wax, melted butter, or ice ain’t exactly at the top of his list.
, laughing and cheering, jumping up and down with their arms in the air, waving their signs. “I don’t understand the hype,” he practically has to yell over them, slanting a look in Dean’s direction.
“I wonder how many movies it does turn out to be the boyfriend,” Benny muses, speaking for the first time since Cas’ porno scene with the donut. “Billy Loomis in Scream, J.D. in Heathers, David McCall in Fear, Axel in My Bloody Valentine—”
So, Dean splits the difference between killing Benny here and now, and helping him up. He folds the blade back in, snatches up the flashlight, and cautiously picks his way past Benny, throwing him a careless, “Hurry the fuck up.”
“He tried to take what’s mine,” Castiel answers after a heartbeat, and the men around the room exchange knowing glances about Cas’ inability to share his toys, but there’s something else there that nobody is saying aloud, and Dean would love to know what the fuck he’s not getting. Fortuitously, Cas makes it pretty clear with his next statement, “He threatened Dean from the start, put his hands on him, put a gun to his head and tried to--” Cas stops himself with a sharp inhale, hands clenched into fists at his side. “--And
Benny nods enthusiastically, sloppily. “Sure you are, and y’know, I’m happy for you if you’re happy. But, I’m just wonderin’ if everythin’s okay? You’ve got some marks on your face and neck, and—”
Realizing he’s been played, Dean slams his book closed, not bothering to check the page number. Along with his reading glasses, he places it on the nightstand. “Are you actually interested or are you just trying to get a response?”
; that he used to dream of Cas appearing on their doorstep again and going all officer-and-a-gentleman on Dean's ass. Being married to Jimmy ain’t bad, not compared to what some men and women go through in their relationships, but it is essentially a loveless, guilty experience.
He snatches the nearest full-size towel, turns off the shower, and rushes back, halting in the doorway and watching as Castiel drags dexterous fingers over the spines of Jimmy’s leather-bound first editions. Dean’s transfixed by the uncanny valley of seeing his fiance’s body wrapped around a completely different personality. Just the way he holds himself, the way he moves…
“Mr. Winchester,” Scaley dude is there, speaking with an unexpectedly high pitch. He's flanked by the tree-man, so Dean schools his features away from a smirk, tamps down his amusement. Getting his face rearranged by a dude with biceps thicker than his thigh is not on his list of things to do today. “Merlin will see you now.”
As soon as she rounds the corner, Dean lets his smile drop faster than the property-buying prospects of his generation. He doesn’t understand how people can work in these depressing places and not lose their minds, surrounded as they are by the constant low hum of people talking in quiet tones, interspersed with doors sliding open and shut, and the occasional voice over the intercom crackling to life to call out codes. And then there’s the unpleasant tang of lemon cleaner that overlays the slippery yet sharp mix of iron, piss, and vomit that kind of reminds Dean of the bar they were at just last night.
Underneath, there’s a crude drawing of Castiel in repose with splotches of bruising around his neck.
“-- Did you see the photos? Weren’t they great? Corn syrup, corn starch, water and some food coloring. Good, huh?”
“Hear me out,” Benny says quietly, his calculating blue eyes on Dean. “It’s just clicked what’s been botherin’ me.”
Dean already knows what's gonna happen. They're gonna break down on the side of the road, in the middle of nowhere and without cell service. Or, they'll reach their cabin in the woods and slowly get killed off one by one by a maniac with a machete and no social skills.
There’s a knock on the door — shave and a haircut — and without so much as the socially expected ‘two bits’ response, the door is pushed open.
He glances down at his cell, afraid that if he keeps looking into those angry white-chocolate-button eyes, they’ll steal his soul, or tear it apart, and he’s not ready to go to hell yet. He’s got a wedding to plan and a council meeting to attend.
Jesus H. Christ. They have a pretty equal relationship in the bedroom. Both of them are givers and takers, but with this new super dommy Cas, Dean is beginning to think he might be the bottomiest bottom to ever bottom, ‘cause
Dean shoves his cell back in his pocket, turns to face the guy fully. He’s handsome, no doubt; tall with blond hair and blue eyes, and before Cas, yeah he probably would have.
Cas’ ‘full tour’ is probably less Museum of Art and Clinton park and more his body dumping ground in the wetlands and gun range behind the warehouse, but still.
“What did you think, Cas? We'd take it home with us and clean it out and use it to store our taxes? Oh, wait. We can’t do that because we don’t have the
Dean’s still staring at the keys like he’s trying to figure out how they work, so Cas explains, “We have Roman’s connections, and you wanted it. I’ve had a good team working hard on getting it ready. By the time we get back from our honeymoon, the renovation will be complete.”
Castiel lets his raised eyebrow express everything he needs to. Well-versed in each other by now, Dean gets it and touches his forehead to Castiel’s, the two of them so close that they’re sharing breath.
He exchanges a glance with Cas, who smiles slyly back at him, blatantly amused. Dean offers the cup to him, tilting the cup just right so that his boyfriend can see the fluorescent tint to the liquid.
“I’ll take a shower later,” Dean offers as a half-hearted apology for something he’s not close to being sorry for. “I’ve discovered some stuff up there, and it’s kinda gross, so you’re probably better off staying out of the attic.”
“Shit,” he mutters, scrambling to his feet and shoving the lighter in his pocket. Fumbling for the key, and an excuse to justify his presence in the room, Dean makes to leave, but Jimmy’s already in the doorway, crossing the threshold, rushing toward him, right hand clamped ineptly around his left. Blood is flowing in abundance, welling up between Jimmy’s fingers and dribbling down his arm, dripping from his elbow, adding stain to the bare boards.
Sam paces back and forth across the library, his heels striking the floor rhythmically. Jack sits in the armchair, flipping through a book of runes, carefully turning ancient pages. Dean listens from his seat at the table.
Castiel notices his chest aching, and presses a hand to his ribs. They received “quite a beating”, in Sam’s words, but he has a feeling that is not the cause of this pain.
They’re sitting in the library of the bunker, in the matching leather armchairs they’ve been occupying more and more often as of late. Nearly every night for the last month, in fact, each time with a new soundtrack.
for this kind of work spread quickly through the ranks of Hell when he first picked up that knife. To this day Alastair brings him special prisoners, those who’ve done horrible things in life and have earned horrible things in death.
pass a written test on the Winchester book of sarcasm by this point, but he hasn’t quite prepared for the practical. The bitchy face ends up looking more like he’s eaten a lemon. “Is fixing a stomachache truly the greatest use of Heaven’s grace?” Cas manages to deliver with sass. “I imagine you’ll survive until morning without my assistance.”
He exhales shakily. “Sammy,” Dean breathes, “I don’t know how....or what...I-I can’t just…” Dean runs a hand through his hair, flattened on one side from crashing on the table. “How am I supposed to just...move on? After-”
An inexplicable laugh bursts from Castiel’s chest. "You caught me." He whispers to the quiet space between them.
Dean muses for a long moment on how achingly beautiful Cas is, all lit up, before he remembers words exist and he should probably attempt some. "Why can't a cave just be a cave, huh? Everybody's gotta have a gimmick."
He flexes his shoulder blades once more, rolling them backwards and dipping his forehead down towards Dean’s collarbone. When he moves, the rubble shifts and he grunts.
He extricates his hand, checking for fingernail marks, and unpacks their well-loved first aid kit from his duffel. “But you’re new to the human pain thing, so we’re gonna take it easy with some Tylenol. Not ibuprofen! That can act as a blood thinner, so you never take it with a head wound, okay?”
Cas drops his head. His breath goes shaky against Dean’s collarbone, and his weight stutters at the wrong time. “I...I can’t hear it, the beat…” He sounds genuinely worried, like the stakes are higher than they should be.
“Your temperature is elevated, but not so much so that I would recommend hospitalization.” Dean feels Cas press a strong thumb into the tense muscles at the top of his spine before draping the washcloth around his nape. Dean bites his lip to keep a relieved sound from escaping his throat. “I would suggest rest, increased fluid intake, and whatever simple carbohydrates you can manage to keep down.”
Alastair reaches out his hand to shake Dean’s, prepared to finalize the process. He waits for his apprentice to take it.
Cas shifts a hand so it’s brushing through Dean’s sweaty hair, and he really cannot help but sigh into it. He is, after all, only human. “Fuck, Cas,” he murmurs.
His eyes snap to Cas's face, which bears an unreadable expression. Dean is about to backtrack, or apologize, or say
“We’ll camp in that cave for the night.” Dean announces gruffly, his tone leaving no room for argument. He’s at the helm of this ship of stragglers, and isn’t in the mood to waste time fielding questions. The trees' shadows are lengthening into monstrous fingers along the ground, which means they'll lose the light soon.
A strange sound bubbles up and it takes Dean a second to realize it’s a delirious laugh. “I won’t tell ‘nother soul.”
Dean scans the parking lot before moving inside, since they both look like extras in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and he'd prefer not to draw attention to it. Their motel room is painted an ugly lime green that had nearly triggered Dean’s gag reflex upon first glance, but it has decent enough water pressure and is relatively clean. Or it will be until he and Sam inevitably stain it with the gruesome vampire blood dripping from their bodies.
Dean scrambles to his knees and swivels to look up at the angel in the bathroom doorway. Cas does not inhabit the body of a particularly large man, but from this angle, Dean feels like an ant beneath a giant’s feet. Tilting his head up that far leaves him dizzy, and he topples backwards on his ass.
“I’m unharmed, Sam. Focus on your brother.” It’s a lie, and if Sam were clearheaded enough to think straight he’d know it too, but neither of them really care right now.
They crash somewhere in the middle, chest to chest. Cas’s gasp of surprise hits Dean’s cheek as Dean’s chin juts into his shoulder. Dean bites his tongue in the collision, but he doesn’t care. He wraps his arms around Cas and holds him like there’s no tomorrow.
Sam holds him and aches for his brother. His poor, oblivious, bereaved brother. Mira whines a bit and lays her head on Dean’s lap. His hand finds her nose and it seems to ground him.
“But for the first time, I think...I think I want a life that looks a little different. I want a real house. I want a 9-5 with a steady paycheck. I want to learn to bake mom’s cherry pie.” Dean swallows hard. “And I look at you and Eileen. I see you being the center of someone else’s world for once, and I hear the silence in this bunker, and I want a partner. But more than that, I want…”
Cas’s already fuzzy expression grows impossibly softer with a smile. It gives Dean the courage to say what comes next.
“Alastair had me on his rack.” Dean continues, wringing his hands over his stomach to hide their shaking. “He told me...he said I had never left. And that I never would.”
The moment Castiel’s hand connects with his shoulder instead, the world around them explodes in light.
They stare at each other for a few beats as Dean’s lungs try to catch up with his pounding heart. He huffs out a breath and flops backward into the sweaty, tangled sheets. “Fuck.”
The thing has three massive heads, each a different configuration of eyes and horns, like mystical animals Dean cannot place. Every iota of the thing glows brighter than anything in Hell. And lastly, Dean sees two, four,
“It’s just that it’s always been you and me, y’know? Winchesters vs. The World. And when there were lives to save and demons to fight and capital G God pulling the strings, that worked. I mean, this is the only life I’ve ever known.” His eyes fuzz out into the middle distance over Sam’s shoulder. “All that can end now. And I always thought it’d be you who’d find a way out of hunting. That you’d settle down and raise a family, and I’d just wind up on the wrong end of a blade in a random hunt some day, too young and unattached and unimportant.”
“Wake me up, Sam, please, w-wake me up.” Dean mutters between clenched teeth. The knife severs an artery and blood rushes out in a flood. “Wake me up, wake me up, wake me up.”
Through the fog of his rattled skull, Castiel is aware this is not the solution to all their problems. A blow
“Look, it’s all well and good that you’ve finally admitted to wanting something for the first time in your entire life,” Sam says. “And I’m proud of you for that. But I’ve never known you to give up on those you love before.” A glint appears in Dean’s eyes, like his soul rising to the surface when it hears the call of a challenge.
Castiel pauses. Dean can’t make out any of his three expressions, but he gets the sense that all of them are seeing straight through him.
“Cas, look at me, right now.” Dean demands, glancing back and forth from his bloody face to the road before them.
Sam sees deep fatigue in those alien blue eyes. “Cas, you’re as beat as we are. We’re all on the run. I get the feeling you could use the rest, and we could definitely use the company.”
Next he kneels at Cas’s feet. “Okay, I won’t lie to you. This is gonna suck.” Dean rolls up Cas’s jeans to mid calf and unties the boot as much as possible. Cas keens when Dean lifts the foot out and extends his knee. His knuckles are turning white over the edge of his seat.
Dean wants to fight him on it, but he’s not wrong. His head was crammed so far up his own ass, that werewolf could’ve easily taken him out earlier. Thank god for angelic reflexes.
Sam covers his mouth with a hand. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to, that just-” He sighs. “It was just so obvious.” Dean kept looking at him expectantly. “He pulled you out of hell. He rebelled against his superiors. An angel believed in you enough to turn his back on heaven, Dean, time and time again. And things have been tough between you, sure, but even when you were fighting, beating each other bloody or sassing each other over some hunt or spell, you bickered like an old married couple. Angels weren't programmed to do stuff like that, but he did, for you. Of course I knew.”
So given their luck, it stands to reason that the moment Sam excuses himself to use the bathroom, all hell breaks loose.
The Angel lands a slash across Alastair’s abdomen, who screams, but the victory is short-lived. The demon uses his own collapse to redirect a hidden blade upwards into the Angel’s core, and finishes with a ruthless twist. The Angel cries out, and the sound pierces Dean's skull.
“Dean. That is a highly unlikely sequence of events. Either my strength will fail and we’ll both be crushed, or you’ll bleed out long before he reaches us.”
Dean pulls back and tucks a finger under Cas's chin, tilting his face up so he can catch Cas’s gaze. His cornflower blue eyes are bright in the warm glow of the room, and he is so beautiful it makes Dean ache.
“Alright,” Cas mutters, schooling his features into careful blankness. “If I can’t move us, I’m at least going to try and heal some of the broken blood vessels in your arm. You’re far too pale.”
Either someone hears his call, or the Winchester boys simply have impeccable dramatic timing. Given Castiel’s current feud with Heaven and the brothers’ history of near misses, he is inclined to believe the latter.
He talks Cas through swallowing the pills. He only chokes briefly, which Dean takes as a win. Shining a flashlight into Cas's eyes earns him a growl, but does confirm that the pupils are dilated to wildly different sizes. Definitely concussed. Then he tapes a temporary gauze patch over Cas’s forehead, which is bleeding more sluggishly now but will need stitches later.
“Okay, okay, stop!” Dean presses his hand more firmly against Cas’s sternum, ignoring the pain in his other arm as he budges. “Fuck, stop moving. Jesus.”
“Because it was to save me,” says Jack, “I owed Cas my life, and he wished to keep it a secret from you.”
Dean holds up the vial to the cut in Cas’s neck, and tries not to think about this part. “I really am sorry.” He mutters the strange, ancient words he’d memorized earlier and they taste like electricity on his tongue. He thinks he’s butchered some of them, but the slice in Cas’s throat begins to glow anyway.
me.” He sounds insulted, the holier-than-thou tone making a brief appearance. Like, how dare these abominations have the audacity to lay a hand on a former servant of God?
Weeks ago, after Dean had viciously beheaded a ghoul who had no information on Cas’s whereabouts, Benny had asked him, “You sweet on that angel, cher?”
“We both have to be human to pass through the rift.” Dean manages to keep his voice steady. “So...” he waits a beat, hoping one of them will piece it together before realizing if he’s too cowardly to say it, he probably can’t do it, and that is just not an option.
sound escaping him. He lifts one hand to run it down his face, and leaves it there to cover his eyes. It’s childish and sweet, and also hits Dean like a brick to the gut. Like Cas can make the pain go away by refusing to see it.
Dean jolts into action. He reaches for his tray beside the rack and swings an axe over his shoulder.
“Whoa!” Dean calls out, unsure what’s happening. He instinctively reaches to help steady the concrete Cas is supporting (as if his single human hand could make a goddamn difference). Through that contact, he feels a tremor in the stone. Tiny bits of rubble plink down around their heads. Cas’s elbows quake and a quiet keen escapes his throat. “Hey, Cas, talk to me, what’s happening?”
“The hell it matters! You’re not going to spend the rest of existence pining after a man that won’t have you because you possessed him! Does he… Does he even know you’re back?”
He did as he was told. Dean dropped the fishing rod besides him and moved closer. Castiel fell back on his forearms. Dean moved ever closer. He caressed his cheek and leaned in to kiss him. Castiel pulled Dean into his lap and deepened the kiss. Then, there was a burst of light.
Dean laughed and pulled him up so that they were lying side-to-side, their bodies touching. Dean confessed he had wanted to do that for a long time. And Castiel confided in him, too. Told him he had wanted to touch him as he ran his hands along his ribs.
but Castiel wasn’t too keen on the nickname, not that it mattered. The pack leader was dead, and the others reverted. If they ever encountered something like that again, he wouldn’t hesitate, and he wouldn’t make the same mistake.
Often, they would use the journal as a launching point. From there they would seek out more information, consult with experts. They didn’t have the experience or the connections, and so, John’s words were a godsend.
He wiped his nose on his sleeve. Then, he said, "I was good, of course. A Marine taught me how to fight, and I'd been fighting my whole life. And then —"
Castiel reached for his hand before he could grab another bottle by the neck. Dean stilled at the contact.
“The Darkness herself brought you back. And I’m trying to make the most of it, but mom… I need you to play your part. I need you to try,” he said.
In seconds he was in front of Dean, taking the amber liquid from his hands and downing it in one shot.
Dean turned on the car as Sam slid into the backseat, and the discussion was shelved. Dean turned on the radio but couldn’t settle on a station. He asked Cas to pick a tape, and Cas picked the tape Dean had made him.
Grabbing his jacket, he started to make his way back to the house. Midway, he stopped and turned back to see she hadn’t moved. He walked back to where she stood.
His water bottle was mostly full, so he took a big gulp. Castiel didn’t want to ask how long they had been awake, but it was clear they’d had breakfast. There were two empty bowls and a half-empty box of cereal between them.
His breathing was labored, but Jody just waited. He would speak again when he could, she would just have to wait.
Castiel stared. Seconds before he had been sitting beside Dean in a hospital room. They had been holding hands. It was… a pleasant thought.
“John was an obsessed bastard and he put all this weight on my shoulders, but it wasn’t for me to bear. I would've never —”
He dried his hands on his jeans and left the kitchen. He didn’t have anything else to say, and even if he did, he didn’t want to say it. He wanted to be left alone.
And so, he stepped into the kitchen intending to bring back steaming mugs of coffee so Dean could wake to the smell. Surprisingly, he found Mary and Sam sitting at the table huddled in conversation. Between them were the Yellow Pages.
Was this how Cas felt when he had been stabbed with Michael’s lance? It was a slow, agonizing death, for sure.
Jody turned back to look at Dean who was leaning against the Impala, his arms crossed over his chest. He had his eyes closed and his breaths were measured. She didn’t need to see his face to know he was crying.
All the Mark did was free that beast. Free the evil. Why else would Cain have passed on the Mark? He already knew what lay dormant. He had been trained to kill. A Marine had taught him to shoot and he was a sharpshooter. Bobby had said he was a better man than John had ever been, and Dean didn’t know if he believed it, but he knew how to shoot better than his old man.
“She’s a lovely young woman,” said Castiel. “She lives in South Dakota with other hunters. We assist them, from time to time. She’s — she’s the closest thing I’ll ever have to a daughter,” said Castiel.
Was it that first day, back in the barn, when he learned there were things he couldn’t kill with Ruby’s knife? Was it when they’d sat across from each other with Cas sharing his deepest secrets? All the things he hadn’t dared share with another soul. Or was it when he pushed him against the wall, covered his mouth, and willed him to understand what he was doing, and for whom?
“Drive home. Tell my brother we lost another friend. Deal with what the stork left at my feet. Kill some monsters. And drink,” said Dean with all sincerity.
“No, no. I — I wasn’t going to appear before him at all. I was just… Doesn’t matter, but he reached out to me. I could… Prayers don’t have to be formal. I can sense… I sensed he needed me. He missed me, has been missing me this whole time. I just thought… I’ve done it so many times before; how was I to know this time it would lead to catastrophe?”
“Dude.” Dean was shocked by how oblivious Cas was. “He has been hitting on you all night. I'm pretty sure he intended to hook up with you this weekend.”
“I am well aware,” Cas nodded. “But this way, you can mimic my actions. Plus, I am not against having you in my mouth again. It’s all I have been able to think about since the last time it was there.”
“Dean,” Castiel raised his voice slightly, causing Dean’s body to tense up, but in all the right ways. “We have talked about this. Are we going to need to talk about it again?”
After a few minutes of kissing, Castiel began to kiss down Dean’s neck and then to his chest, leaving a trail of where his mouth had been. Dean brought his hand up and ran his finger along the trail, the feeling of Castiel’s lips there again, while they worked around his stomach.
“I’ve got you,” Dean promised, shifting to get closer. It was then that Dean slipped his penis between his hand as well, holding them together as he continued with the slow strokes. “I’ve always got you.”
“I do not appreciate you taking my father’s name in vein like that,” Castiel growled into Dean’s ear before leaning in and biting at his neck. If Dean had not already come, that would have been the trigger that would have set him off.
Dean flinched when he said the word light but he was certain that Sam did not see him. Something about those dreams was really messing him up, more than he had expected them to. Maybe they did have something to do with Lisa. Dean was not really one to believe in anything other than what is, but they had to mean something. Even if it was just his subconscious trying to talk to him.
“With you straddling my legs,” Dean continues, his voice a little higher than before a little breathy moan that Castiel can’t ignore. “I would grip your tie and hold you into place so you couldn’t pull away as I thrust my hips up, my jean covered cock sliding up and rubbing against yours bulging out against your slacks.”
“Have a seat,” Castiel motioned for Dean to step into the living room and take a seat. Dean walked slowly into the living room, working extra hard to keep his balance. He had reached that stage in drinking when it all kind of hit him and he realized how truly drunk he really was. He needed to be at home in bed right now, not at Castiel’s doing whatever the hell it was that he was going to do.
She didn’t need to know Castiel had tried to give it back to him, when he thought they were through. Dean wouldn’t take it back; he never would.
Castiel kept his hand on Dean’s cheek but drew him closer. Their eyes never moved, never looked elsewhere.
He was too engrossed and didn’t notice when Dean slipped under the covers, for when he looked over, Dean was sound asleep.
He was quiet for a long time and Jody didn’t press him. He sobbed quietly and she gave him what little privacy she could when they were mere feet from each other in a shared front seat.
“My fault, really. I wanted to know what had pulled me out of Hell, and we didn’t know who else to ask,” he said.
And seeing as how he was doing such piss-poor job of not thinking about it, he closed his eyes again. Stilling all thought. He felt that pulse again. It was warmer. And he latched onto the feeling and welcomed it.
Castiel wanted to make him happy and this little thing, he could do. He could do it day after day and it would never be a chore.
She was young. She had her whole life ahead of her. Sure, he hadn’t been much older when he started hunting alone, but he hadn’t had a choice. That choice was taken from him when he was four.
They walked out of the garage together and made their way to the library. Dean wanted to ask him to come back to his room, but he couldn’t find the words. If Castiel could hear his prayer, he wasn’t answering. They had made it to the library when Castiel stopped a few inches from the table. He looked down at the ground before turning back to face him.
“Fucked up, huh? Realizing I love my best friend in the middle of trying to convince a psychic not to get into hunting,” said Dean.
And yet, here he was. Listening to a cassette he had gifted his friend instead of telling him what it meant.
Dean couldn’t breathe, couldn’t speak. And even if he could, he didn’t know what to say to that, so he didn’t say anything. He just nodded and made his way to the bathroom.
John was authoritative and distant. Dean’s formative memories were full of fear and submission and violence. And he could accept that, could accept that this was his lot in life until he met Adam.
Sam made quick friends with the twins: Max and Alicia Banes. They were witches and hunters, they explained. Their mother taught them everything they knew. She was a witch who hunted those who abused of their magic and raised her kids in the life. If only all the witches they encountered were like the Banes.
Walking into that lake had been harder. He hadn’t known then what was to come, but he’s possessed a human before. This part isn’t new. Some humans disappear. They hide in a part of their mind they make their own. Jimmy had been like that. Other humans formed a bond with the angel taking charge. For them, it’s a mutually beneficial relationship; purely transactional. The angel protects the vessel and in turn, the human plays host.
Dean nodded, knowing the angel was right, but not yet trusting his voice. He had stopped speaking when his mother died, too. Castiel knew that. He had confessed that to him, that day they had shared their deepest secrets.
Dean was always afraid. It never got any easier to face his father or the monsters they hunted. And Dean was always afraid dad would be disappointed and Sam would leave.
Dean had never told Sam what he saw in that future Zachariah had showed him, and Dean could never tell him. He had followed his future self to the end. And before him had stood Lucifer, dressed in white from head to toe, as if he were a fucking bride walking down the aisle.
Castiel did as he was told, hanging it behind the door. When he turned, Dean was sitting at the foot of the bed, unlacing his boots. Castiel dropped to his knees before him.
He couldn’t stop thinking about it. It had been easier when they were both still asleep. He read, tuned into the radio, and let his thoughts drift, but now that Dean was awake… Now that Dean was flaunting… He could hardly sit still.
Dean quickly schooled his expression. He didn’t want to get into it tonight. He didn’t want to explain why he had been crying while leaning against the driver’s side door. He hadn’t finishing putting Baby back together and he couldn’t leave her like this. He needed her to be ready to rumble.
Some nights he was more distraught thereafter than he had been when pulling it from the trunk; not content with the threat of punishment but the punitive act itself.
Closing his eyes, he hushed his thoughts and felt for something, anything. As he stilled, he could hear it, distantly. There was something softly thrumming in the background. Softer still than his heartbeat. It was faint, but steady.
Dean threw his head back in ecstasy. His eyes were closed and his dark lashes fell on his flushed cheeks. Dean came with Cas’ lips wrapped around his cock as he stroked him to completion.
He couldn’t have foreseen what would happen next. Dean leaned into his space, titled his chin, and kissed him. Slowly, the way he had seen Dean kiss Anna all those years ago. And when Castiel pulled away, Dean pulled him back.
Some nights, he still thought of that demon taunting him with Lisa’s face and Lisa’s voice, but he didn’t speak of it. Couldn’t speak of it to Sam. Wouldn’t dare mention it to Castiel.
He had been working on the car for the last few days, ever since they came back from the last hunt. It had left her worse for wear. He had used the driver’s side door to decapitate a monster. He had dubbed it a
If he’d been avoiding being alone with her, he sure as hell wasn’t going to join her on a road trip. They’d be stuck in the car for hours. He’d have no choice but to answer her questions lest they drive in awkward silence. And that, that would be torture. Hadn’t he been tortured enough?
As if summoned, Castiel appeared before him. Whole, unblemished, as he had looked that day in the barn. And wait, wait, that couldn’t be… Could it?
Castiel was many things, and in this time, he was lost; adrift. He should’ve sought Dean’s guidance. The hunter came to him for answers, but the angel learned a thing or two from him as well. He kept his distance and honored Sam’s wish for him. It never got any easier.
They drove a few more miles until Dean spotted a motel where they could spend the night. The only room left was a single, but Dean didn’t object. And the receptionist was paid too little to care.
Dean continued, unabated, “He left, was tricked, and lost his grace in the process. As a result, the angels fell and lost their wings. I know he misses — missed — them. He misses flying.”
The light faded around them and they were sitting on a dock. Dean was fishing. He had his hooks and bait neatly organized beside him.
Sam knew he was being dismissed but he was tired, and he wasn’t in the mode to argue with the angel.
Once upon a time, he had said he didn’t deserve to go to hell. Well, that wasn’t true anymore. There was nothing noble about killing, not monsters, not humans. It was just a lie he told himself and Sammy. It was just a lie to keep on moving.
He wiped his hands on his trousers. They were sweaty, and he didn’t sweat. The unease that had been growing was reaching a breaking point.
“I’ve read the journal, but even if I hadn’t. My abilities… Well, let’s just say, I had the fortune of meeting your son at a pivotal time.”
It was disquieting. The first time he rebelled he had been afraid. Afraid what lay before him, unsure of the outcome. Then he had died. Every atom pulled apart.
He and Sam had been fighting demons for years. They had made crossroads deals and exorcised their fair share. Demons they knew, and when left with no other recourse, would welcome. Angels were another story.
She gestured for him to sit and took notes. He hadn’t noticed the chair before or that he was standing, but he took the seat anyway.
Dean had said it was best to sit across from someone if one were conversing. People relied on eye contact and body language to gauge what wasn’t being said. Claire had said he sat too still and it unnerved people, that it would be best to keep his hands preoccupied while he spoke.
Maybe the ground wasn’t his friend, but it was here, it was steady, and it was real. There were so few steady, real things in his life. He wasn’t going to toss them aside.
Dean would tell him about the men he met in alleys and behind closed doors, who only asked for silence. On those nights, he would cry and Castiel would console him.
Dean was leaning against the door. He said, "Mom, after you died, I didn't talk for months. Not a single word. On a hunt, I met a boy like that. His father had died, and he couldn’t process it. He didn’t have the words, but he could draw. So, I had him draw for me.”
It was everything he could’ve wanted. They’d done it. They’d saved the world, and no one had to die. And after 30 years of wishing for the day she’d come back, there she was.
“This is the only place where I've ever felt I could really be myself. Dad and Sam and I spent all our years together living in motels, and when we couldn’t afford that, in Baby.”
“I had a daughter — I guess, Claire,” said Jody. She paused. For all intents and purposes, Claire was her daughter, but it was complicated, as were most things when it came to Claire.
“Dean,” said Castiel. “When you returned — first from Hell, and then from Purgatory — you had questions you wanted answered, and you sought those answers. I believe Mary deserves to do the same.”
Dean froze. He was holding a knife. It was going to go back into the duffel with the other weapons, but he set it aside, on the edge of the bed.
“You know, Cas — well, he was still Castiel back then — had blinded a psychic. He had warned her his true form would be more than she — or any human, for that matter — could handle.”
“I may be out of line here,” she said, “but you don’t have to listen to him, if it’s not what you really want.”
He hated Sam for his ability to keep cool. His anger burned just as hot, sometimes even hotter, but his anger wouldn’t burn down a forest. He could temper it. He knew how to keep calm and how to feign the courage he didn’t have.
Castiel didn’t move or say anything. Dean sighed and took a drag. Cas watched him, expectantly. Moments later, he nodded. Dean laughed and then passed him the cigarette.
“Morning, Dean,” said Castiel. He was flipping through the book having finished it early in the morning. He enjoyed these lunch poems. He found them charming. There was a simplicity he had come to appreciate in his time as a human.
Sam would’ve thought it could bridge the gap between then and now, between Campbell and Winchester. It could serve as a conduit. Connecting them to a past both had left behind.
Maybe it was because he kept thinking of his mom — of Mary. For so long, she had been this otherworldly thing, unlike any of the things they regularly encountered. She lived on in his memories, in the stories his dad told, and the pictures he kept in his drawer, but she had ceased to be. That was, until Amara had seen to that.
Dean didn’t meet her gaze. He couldn’t. Instead, he was looking at his hands in his lap, but turned to meet Patience’s waiting eyes.
After Jody finished packing, and her bags were in the trunk, Sam offered her the passenger’s seat. She took it graciously. Sam didn’t want her sitting in the backseat, lost in her thoughts. They had all lost people, but this was sudden; unexpected. And she couldn’t shake it off. Sam knew sitting in the backseat would make it far too easy for Jody to get lost in her thoughts, and he wasn’t going to let that happen. Not if he could help it.
Most of all, he hated what he’d done to Sam. He’d beat him bloody with Sam’s fists. And with Sam’s voice, he had mocked and taunted him.
He rummaged through his duffle until he found the clothes he wanted to wear and slipped back into the bathroom in silence. But Dean’s silence was very loud. And Castiel hadn’t taken his eyes off him. Now that he knew what it was like to touch him and taste him, he wanted nothing more than to do it again. Feel that skin under his fingertips, lick the water droplets on his shoulders, and dig his teeth into his neck.
Seeing Dean awake flooded him with relief. These human emotions were strange. Too much, all at once, or nothing at all for long stretches. It was difficult to keep track of which emotions where a response to which stimuli.
“No, you’re not dead. This isn’t heaven. I’m here to… I’m here to heal you. Do you remember? Do you remember why you’re here?”
Dean pulled back the covers and beckoned for the angel to join him underneath. Meanwhile, he took another sip, humming excitedly.
“By the time the paramedics arrived, he had lost too much blood. I watched them put him on a stretcher. I had never been this powerless before,” he said.
“I went to hell because he told me Sammy was the most important thing, and I believed him. When Jake stabbed Sam, I knew what I was going to do. I couldn’t live without Sam; I couldn’t live without my brother. But I couldn’t live without a purpose, and he was my purpose,” said Dean.
He was afraid of this. Afraid that this would remind him of who he had been — young, unsure, and unloved. He was no longer that young, and he wasn’t unsure or unloved. Castiel made sure of that.
Castiel was reading the book he had been reading earlier, and Dean slept peacefully next to him. Castiel would make sure he didn’t have any nightmares.
When he was young, Dean read it for its resources. John’s detailed descriptions of the creatures he fought were useful to the boys. Once Sam started joining them, he started reaching for it, too.
“I have held his soul in the palm of my hand and marked it as my own. I was tortured and forced to kill hundreds of copies of Dean, and the spell only broke when —”
Mary nodded. “Well, I only need four hours, so I should probably try again. Wish me luck,” she said.
Dean understood. He couldn’t look at these pictures without some whiskey in his system. It was too much to bear: a life that could’ve been.
He was sitting opposite the bathroom door. Dean hesitated before tossing the book to Cas, who caught it with deft fingers. Castiel flipped through the pages, noting Dean’s neat handwriting in the margins. Castiel had learned this upset Sam, who seemed to believe books were for reading, and not for writing.
When Dean awoke, Castiel was in his body. He had taken Sam’s seat in the far corner. Crowley had left, not wishing to be around for another emotional conversation. Sam had left to get something to eat. Though, in all actuality, he wasn’t hungry. He had left to give them some privacy. He knew a thing or two about possession, and knew it was a lot to process.
“I would — I would imagine Dean would want to share more with you on his own time. He is —” Castiel cut himself off.
She ran her finger down the front and hugged it to her chest. The boys in this picture, these were her kids. The ones she remembered, not the man sitting on the bed in front of her, trying his best to keep his composure.
“I’m sorry for lying. For lying to you when we were in Purgatory. I should’ve told you I didn’t intend on leaving with you. It wasn’t because I didn’t want to be with you. It was because I needed to stay. I’m sure you understand why I needed to stay. I’m sure you understand why I felt I needed to be there, why I felt I needed to atone. Please tell me you understand,” he said.
Mary was excited. She hadn’t seen this woman in 40 years but had called her, nonetheless. The woman — she wouldn’t say her name — was glad to hear from Mary and was willing to meet. Mary had put the phone back in her pocket, excitedly. She’d walked back into the kitchen, looking for Dean.
“I was injured, but my injuries would heal, so I tried to heal him and found that I couldn’t. I couldn’t,” he said.
It was uncanny seeing the same expressions on a woman’s face. Of course, they were cut from the same cloth.
She said the name with as much disdain as she could muster. Castiel sat in stony silence. He wished he were back at the hospital. Dean was still recovering. He should be with him. He wanted to be with him.
He didn’t know anyone like her. He didn’t know anyone with her capacity to love again after such loses. She put her trust in them, and she put her trust in Alex and Claire. Now, it seemed she had put her trust in Asa. And he was gone.
It comforted him, though he tried not to think of all the missing people; those they had lost along the way.
Some days, Dean couldn’t get a read on him. Dean had spent a long time teaching himself to keep his emotions off his face. After that first night, dad hated seeing him cry. He would tell Dean real men didn’t cry and Dean had taken that (and every other lesson) to heart.
“Why… Why? Why did we wait so long? Why didn’t I just tell you one of the other times you were in my dreams? Why didn’t I tell you all the times we were sitting like this or in the kitchen in the middle of the night, when I couldn’t sleep, and you wanted to spend time with me?”
He wouldn’t break down in front of a teenager. He wouldn’t break down in front of Jody. He trusted Jody, but he didn’t want sympathy. He knew she understood.
She was wearing a dark suit and a white blouse tucked into her trousers. The simple black belt on her hips her only accessory. Her dark brown hair was pulled into a tight ponytail. Castiel had never met her before, but she seemed to know him. It made him uncomfortable. There was a growing unease gnawing at him. How long have I been gone?
He would never feel at home on earth. He wasn’t a human, wasn’t meant for this plane of existence. And humans had changed this planet far too much. Only humans felt at home here.
“You’re asking me for help in overthrowing the Archangel in charge because your boyfriend is playing house and you don’t even have me in your contacts. I’m hurt. Wounded, even,” said Crowley with mirth.
That was the source of all his problems, he knew. If he had just been an obedient angel, all of this could’ve been avoided. If he had just toed the line, they wouldn’t be in this conundrum.
It was then he noticed the larger room. The walls were still white but there was glass dividing this room and the next, which was unoccupied and dark. Naomi was seated at a large desk. The mahogany gave life to an otherwise lifeless room. Before her were neat files and a slip of a paper, on which she had started taking notes. She was recording this conversation.
He would drive Baby down some county road, same as always. He’d drive and drive until he couldn’t anymore. And then, he’d pull over to lie in the backseat. The clouds above would be indistinguishable from the night sky. And only then could Dean give in, give into the sadness, and the grief pouring out of him, a beacon.
He had Sam — he would always have Sam — but he thought he’d have Cas, too. He thought, of all people, surely, the angel would outlive him. Surely, the angel would be by his side.
Patience held onto the proffered business card and watched Jody join Dean. She stood in front of him, but he didn’t lift his head. She placed a comforting hand on his shoulder, and he nodded.
Once inside, they made their way around the house. First, offering their condolences to Asa’s mother, and later introducing themselves to the other hunters. He was happily surprised to hear how far some of them had driven for the memorial. He hoped that when his time came, hunters would gather and recount stories of their times together.
Dean stood and pulled Castiel to his feet. He wrapped his arms around his neck and deepened the kiss.
Patience was still waiting for an answer and Jody was looking at him as if he had grown an extra appendage. If he were honest, if he were straightforward, if he didn’t mince his words, if he just said the truth, maybe she would understand. Or, at the very least, listen.
Dean stood still. He knew this, had known for a long time, but he couldn’t let the unspoken go unspoken anymore. Maybe he would never have the life he thought he would have, but he could have a life.
They were on the Interstate when he looked over to see her leaning against the window and Sam, scrolling through his phone.
He leaned his forehead against his knees and wrapped his arms around them. He looked so young like this. A young man who had lost everything – his father, his mother, and now, the man he loved.
They’d talk about it late at night, when Sam was asleep, or in the garage while Dean was giving Baby a turtle wax.
He looked down at his hands. She was right, of course. He was an Angel. His duty was to Heaven. And though he saw himself as the Winchesters’ guardian, he needed to be here. He didn’t want to be here, though. He didn’t want to be in Heaven. And he couldn’t bear to part with Dean. He couldn’t bear to be without him. This wasn’t her choice to make. It wasn’t anyone’s choice but his.
Maybe Castiel was right, maybe the Mark had changed him. He would never be who he had been before its influence took hold. Those days were behind him, sure, but the thoughts still haunted him. They joined his other, recurring nightmares. It was getting harder to tell them apart. The decades he spent in hell, the decade he spent tormenting souls. He had warned Castiel that torturing Alastair would unleash something in him, something that would be harder to contain.
And so, Castiel surmised, Dean wouldn’t have given Mary the journal. Dean would have wanted to keep this from her. He would’ve wanted to spare Mary the gory details. And he would’ve wanted to keep the journal among his possessions for when he wanted to self-flagellate.
His eyes opened. Recognition dawned on him. And Castiel was looking at him, relieved. Dean started to move, to stand, and Castiel helped him to his feet. Dean met his ever-piercing gaze.
He took a seat at Dean’s desk and watched Dean work. Dean looked up and met his gaze. Blue eyes met wet green eyes. Dean wanted to speak, he wanted to tell Castiel what was on his mind, but he couldn’t. The words wouldn’t come.
Their fingers touched, and again, electricity bounced between them. It was warmer still. Cas looked as if he were going to say something but held his tongue. There was something in Dean’s expression he couldn’t put his finger on. Emotions were still new to him. It could’ve been fear, resignation, curiosity, or a mix of the three.
“I was so damn happy to see him, but he wasn’t. Cas had been keeping his distance to keep me safe. And he stayed behind to make sure I got out,” said Dean.
Sam and Castiel were waiting for Dean in the kitchen. Other hunters had come and gone. Castiel had noticed their questioning glances, but thus far, none had been brave enough to ask, save for the beer or ice. Dean made his way back to the kitchen, knowing Castiel would be waiting. He was thankful to find only Sam was keeping him company.
“No, no. Don’t say that. You’ve lived, what, millions of years? But I spent more time in Hell than I’ve spent on earth and I’ve been wasting it. Time I could’ve been with you.”
They were still parked on the side of the road. And though spending a few hours listening to Dean’s quiet sobs on the side of the road was no time at all to a being of light who was millions of years old, Castiel knew Dean wouldn’t be able to drive for much longer. And they would need to find a place to settle in for the night.
Jody seemed to sense this and reached for the steering wheel. “Pull over,” she said meeting his glassy eyes.
Dean hated how long it had taken him to understand why Sam had left for Stanford. Dean had believed in John then, had believed in their mission. He had believed they were saving lives and changing the world. It had been a comforting thought, but it no longer comforted him.
“I get the first shower.” Sam announces forcefully, and Dean raises his hands in surrender. Sam had been the one to take down the head honcho and had been closer to the bloody explosion, so he’d earned it. Dean watches him grab clean clothes from his duffel and stride into the bathroom, shutting the door behind him.
Perhaps the Winchesters will throw him out just like Heaven did. Discard him like something obsolete and defective. After all, he is. The only angels who ever fell were the ones who weren’t built right in the first place. Lucifer was prideful. Anna was full of wrath. And Castiel, with his doubts plaguing him since The Beginning, could never have fallen this far if he were created properly from the start. He recognizes this line of thought is very close to blasphemy, teetering on the edge of challenging his Father’s creation of his own nature. But questioning is a part of humanity, he notes bitterly. Besides, both the sting of thread pulling at his back and the swell of mortal anger in his chest tells him that he truly does not care anymore. Let him blaspheme, who is holding him to Heaven's standards now?
Cas struggles to get his buckling legs under him, and Sam helps by propping his back against the solidity of the car. “I’m sorry,” Cas says, weirdly winded. “I didn’t think...oh, that weakened me far more than I expected.”
Dean bites his lip, and considers explaining his and Sam’s fake counting trick for this kind of thing, the one he was planning on using right now. Instead he just flexes his hands, hard, and snaps the ankle back into place.
Cas shifts a bit, wincing at the pull of his ribs, and tilts his head against Dean’s stomach so he can look up at him more fully. “I’d like to hear that.”
He has to be in and out within one hour, or the rift will close. They don’t know how time will feel there, so his watch timer is set to 60 minutes.
gets the angel’s attention. Cas cocks his head to peer across the cave, concerned eyes sweeping up Dean's form to check for injuries before they land on his face. The shock of blue sends Dean tumbling into memories of a barn alight with sparks and gunfire. That first night feels like a lifetime ago, and still the déjà vu hits him like a semi. They always end up here - piercing eye contact anchoring them to one another while the world spins too quickly around them. Centrifugal motion pulling at Dean's solar plexus, even as he stands perfectly still. He wonders absently if being the subject of Cas’s intense focus will ever fail to send his heart fluttering into his throat.
The cut does sting when Sam pokes at it with his tongue, but he can feel the way Cas’s weight is sagging under his hands. “No, don’t worry about me. I’ll heal on my own.” Cas braces himself to argue the point, but seems to lose an internal battle, and instead just tilts his head back against the car to breathe.
“That’s not up to you, sweetheart.” Empty Alastair strokes a cold finger down Dean’s cheek. Dean briefly considers biting his hand. “He made a deal. All I did was hold up my end.”
When they do finally reach the Impala, Dean has to pop open the passenger door with his foot. He lays Cas down with his head nearly under the steering wheel. Then he strips off his own jacket and flannel, the shirt underneath darkened with sweat. He pillows Cas’s injured ankle on the rolled up jacket to keep it from moving on the drive. Once he’s settled in the driver’s seat, he props Cas’s head on his right thigh and folds the flannel against the gash above his eyebrow. The sheet of red down his cheekbone makes him look positively ghoulish.
Castiel is not alone in his mission. He is given command of a battalion of fearsome warriors and ruthless fighters. He can hold his own in that regard, of course. He would not have been selected for such a task if that were not the case. However, his primary role in this fight is that of a general. A strategist. A leader.
Jack had told him that much like all other realms but Earth, The Empty’s appearance is influenced by how you anticipate it. Dean couldn’t really grasp the vastness of the nothing that awaited earlier. So, that’s all that surrounds him now.
Cas goes quiet, and Dean worries he’s drifting again. That is until he breathes out, “Would you keep singing?”
“Alright,” Dean says, returning to his co-pilots. “You two head inside and get some rest. It’s my turn to keep watch.”
Empty Castiel waves a hand absentmindedly, and Cas nearly arches out of Dean’s grasp. He screams, so loud the echoes ring through the space, and Dean has to scrabble at the shaking body to keep him from rolling away.
He waits, holding still in that position, long enough for his knees to really start complaining. Eventually, he sighs, and sits on the ground with his back to the bed. Mira, sensing his distress, whines and trots over. She flops her chin onto his shoulder from atop the bed, and Dean absently reaches up to scratch her ears.
Dean inhales against the swell of affection in his chest. He feels the urge to touch Cas again, to run more fingers through his hair. Instead, he forces both hands back onto the steering wheel.
Dean sits up, sliding backwards til their shoulders bump and the headboard creaks against their combined weight. “What is it?” It hits him that the handprint scar is now nearly pressed up against its maker, separated only by a thin cotton shirt and the dense weave of a trench coat.
Cas places his own hand on top of Dean’s, and his lips quirk in an honest-to-god giggle. Dean’s hackles rise defensively.
It’s a small angel charm hanging on a thin chain, the kind you’d find on a rack in a gas station. A royal blue gem sits in the center of the angel’s chest, heart shaped. It glitters in the morning sun, throwing tiny rainbows across his hand.
Cas presses his neck back into Dean’s hand and squeezes his eyes shut. Dean focuses on his crushed arm, hoping this might work, but knowing in his gut that it won’t. A beat passes and the pain does not drain away. The blackness at the edge of his vision continues to swell.
Dean may know how to calm a civilian experiencing their first supernatural encounter, or how to talk someone through shock, but he suddenly feels beyond out of his depth. Cas’s words have rattled the aphorisms right out of him. What the hell kind of pithy self help nonsense could Dean possibly offer him at this moment?
“This is gonna work, y’know how I know?” Dean babbles at the unconscious Cas while he uncorks the vial around his neck. “Because I really fucking need it to.”
Cas doesn’t notice at first. Sam stands quickly, bristling at the attention centered on his friend, but the man himself is too busy checking Dean’s pulse. He seems satisfied enough to grab him by the wrist and sling him over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry. Only once he turns to reach for Sam does he notice the stares.
Dean almost laughs at the petulance in his voice. “I needed to keep an eye on you. Besides, man, you rode in the front on the way to this hunt, like three hours ago.”
Their feet hit the pavement a few blocks away, where Dean had parked the Impala earlier. Once Sam finds his sea legs, he awkwardly digs through his brother’s jean pockets, currently pressed against Cas's chest, and pulls out the keys. He opens the door for them, and helps navigate Dean’s limp body to lie across the back seat.
didn’t you at least let me know you were alright before taking off? This place is a goddamn nightmare already, and you vanishing like that scared the shit out of me. It’s been...well, I can’t tell time here, but it’s definitely been months. You heard me, every single night, you knew what I was thinking. And you just...why?”
“Yeah, it was a real rager.” Dean mumbles. His eyes track downward to the carvings on the table. That’s the one thing they had done before Dean had disappeared into his room the day they said goodbye to Jack, Sam remembered. They had pulled out their knives and carved names into the table side by side. Sam had done ‘Jack’, and since it had fewer letters, he had watched quietly as Dean finished the one that read ‘Castiel’ with such care and reverence that it felt like a prayer.
But no, he has to use his words. If Cas thinks Dean wants him gone, then he had better get his shit together and spell it out.
A while later, Dean’s breathing calms down a bit. He keeps his head pressed against Sam’s shoulder, but tilts his chin so he can look at the ‘Castiel’ carving. Sam rubs a hand up and down his back a bit.
Dean waits. He stands in the middle of the room for a long time, listening to the hiss of water. He can’t exactly sit down, unless he wants to leave a crisp twenty tomorrow morning to apologize for the suspicious bloodstain in the shape of his ass.
After all, Cas is the one who discovered the missing piece of the puzzle earlier that afternoon - that the cabin they need to burn must actually be two some odd miles east of where it’s marked. This means he should get a piece of the action, and remind himself why they do what they do.
“Yeah, fair point,” Dean concedes. “Shout if there’s any trouble.” Benny pats him on the back and shoves him into the cave after Cas.
Jack shakes his head. “No.” Then he nods. “Well. Yes, the romantic attraction between you two was quite obvious, even to a being such as myself who is, technically speaking, an infant.” Dean stares. “But that’s not what I meant. I knew about his deal with The Empty.”
Dean bites down on the declaration that it’d be worth it. He’d be with Cas, forever, somewhere. Something tells him that would be okay, even there.
. With greying temples and scars where his wings used to be, Cas is sticking around this time. Once and for all. Even that night with Lisa, that Billie Holiday dance, Dean had only wished it wouldn’t end because he was afraid of what he would become when it inevitably did.
Cas continues. “I’m becoming more human with every passing moment. It’s been happening for months, and this must be the culmination.”
Dean shifts his hand, keeping the fabric pressed to Cas’s head but letting his thumb trail through the dark hair underneath. “Yeah, it’s no fun. But I’m gonna fix you up, okay?"
Later that day, he feels embarrassed when he realizes Cas is likely only sticking around because he doesn’t have anywhere else to go, but like hell is he gonna say that out loud. If he acknowledges that they’re the guy’s only option, it’ll feel less like he’s
Tonight, the room is filled with fuzzy-sounding jazz standards. Cas had informed him earlier that evening that the playlist consisted of radio hits from the 1930s. Dean had thought privately that neither of them would be able to pin a date to the crooning voices without Google’s assistance. Sometimes entire decades of music sound the same to him.
Dean’s heart is trying to kill him. It pounds against the inside of his sternum with a vengeance, like it wants to jump straight out of his chest and fall to the ground at Cas’s feet. He’s damn certain Cas can feel it in the pulse of their joined hands, or where they’re connected from mid-thigh to chest. Dean focuses instead on maintaining his frame, guiding them in a slow circle. Cas can’t seem to take his cues, though, and their knees bump together. It’s strange, after so many years of fighting back to back, moving in sync on the battlefield, that Dean can barely shepherd him in what could only be qualified as a geriatric shuffle. It feels like they should just fit together by now, but it’s not that easy.
When he focuses back in, Cas is staring at him. His lip is quivering, his mask of calm about to break and take a piece of Dean’s heart with it.
Dean knows. But he also feels with an ironclad surety that this is the only answer. “Living a human life on Earth with us is better than rotting for eternity as an angel in The Empty.”
“Yes,” Jack mutters darkly. “It’s been done to him before, by Metatron. It’s how he became human when the rest of the angels fell.”
spare the juice, huh? Hey, as long as you don’t accidentally smite me, that’d be great.” Cas steps forward once more and presses two fingers to his burning forehead.
Alastair and the Angel battle it out while Dean watches, too shocked to move. He realizes with a start that he isn’t even sure who he’s rooting for in this fight. The Angel may be heaven sent, but Dean doesn’t want to get any closer to it than he has to. The thing radiates powerful energy, makes the stale air in the room vibrate with electricity. It hums, shaking grime and blood from the stone walls. He knows with unearned certainty that this creature could blow him to pieces with a mere thought, and he is terrified.
Everyone assumes Hell is hot. “Fire and brimstone” and all that. And since humans prefer not to dwell on death and whatever horrors it may bring, they don’t put too much thought into disputing it. Besides, most people want to believe what they’re told. The commercialized image of the devil is one dressed in red with spiky horns, and yes, surrounded by fire. There’s even that billboard in Ohio that reads “HELL IS REAL” in enormous flaming letters. So, Hell must be hot. There’s no reason for people to think otherwise.
Cas tags along from motel to motel. He dresses in the brother’s hand-me-downs, picks at diner sandwiches, and researches things that go bump in the night with the same unsettling focus that used to set a room alight with crackling energy. It takes a while to find the sea legs of their new trio, but with Dean’s arm out of commission, it’s nice to have an extra set of hands around. The first time Cas digs the remote control from under Sam’s sleeping form and changes the channel to
"There's no need for playground insults." Cas's tone is chastising, but the fingers carding through Dean's hair are gentle. "I am sorry."
Dean’s eyes widen and his hand shoots up beside Cas’s face, pressing flat and sweeping around his dust covered hair. Everywhere Dean touches, there is stone. This little alcove, large enough only to stop their bodies from being crushed, is being entirely held on Castiel’s back.
He scoops an arm under Cas’s knees and another behind his back. The lift and move to the bed only takes a few seconds, but Cas's head is rolling on his neck by the time Dean is propping him against the headboard. A blue-eyed bobblehead, dizzy with the altitude change. His wide eyes aren’t focusing, and Dean wonders what would actually pop up if he Googled treatment options for concussed former angels. Probably some sports medicine blog about that L.A. football team.
Any semblance of comfort earned vanishes once Dean has to pick Cas up again to get him inside their motel room. He’s shaking in pain by the time Dean sets him down in the chair beside the dinette table. His hands float shakily over his ribs, wanting to press into where it hurts but knowing it would only make it worse. Dean takes one of those hands briefly to give him something to ground himself to, and Cas squeezes so hard Dean winces.
A molasses slow smile spreads across his grimy face. None of Alastair’s expressions are in the same galaxy as comforting, but this particular one sends the ever present chill shivering down Dean’s spine.
“I’m tired." Cas refuses to meet his gaze even as he answers. Dean briefly contemplates homicide. "I suspect we’ve had similar experiences in our time here.” He nods his chin towards the cave entrance and the vampire standing outside it. “You found...an
Dean barely notices as Sam takes Jack by the arm and mutters “Let’s give them a minute, okay?” He’s too busy sliding an arm under Cas’s shoulders and propping him up, one hand flat against his chest so he can keep feeling that heartbeat.
Castiel’s garrison fights with precision and power. This is a raid, not a siege, and they stick together as such. While the armies of Hell are vicious, they are also sloppy. Formations break, defensive styles vary, and they take no heed to watch one another’s backs. This is where the Angels have the upper hand. Being created together and spending millenia training as soldiers side by side lends the battalion a unity, a smoothness, in thwarting their enemies. The demons and monsters swarming them are also partially blinded by the glow of the heavenly host. Each Angel shines a light that contrasts brightly to the dim red haze of Hell. Anael’s essence is cooper, almost a fiery orange. Balthazar’s, a bronze and golden blend. Castiel’s, he’s been told, is white tinged with royal blue.
Cas blows out a careful breath. “The concrete is still settling. Somewhere above us, rocks just shifted. I felt it.”
They slash, stab, and smite their way through Hell, barreling through creatures so twisted and corrupted they are no longer recognizable. A pack of hellhounds races up their flank, their horrible faces contorted and snarling. Demons step over each other's dead bodies to get a chance to slice at the light of heaven. Castiel and his allies push forward.
Sam drops his overnight bag in his room, collects a glass of water and a bottle of ibuprofen, and returns to the main room. Mira is snoozing under the table, and lifts her head when he approaches. Sam gently shakes Dean’s shoulder.
Dean blows out slowly, tries to soothe the rush of hysteria coursing through his veins. The clamminess of his skin is likely part shock and part blood loss. He focuses on Cas’s warmth where their legs lie tangled, his hot breath against Dean’s lips. He grounds himself in their closeness. It feels good to not be stuck down here alone. Comforting, even. Crush injuries notwithstanding, that is.
“Can you heal him?” Sam asks nervously from outside the car. His brother’s breath rattles in his chest, his face is battered, and blood drips from his lips.
It’s Sam, it’s always Sam, with the ethics in mind. “But Dean...are you sure he wants to be human? I’m not advocating that we leave him there, but taking his grace feels like a big deal.”
Dean freezes with the bottle of bourbon halfway to his lips. He’s had enough that his head is swirling a bit, and from the looks of the nearly empty tumbler dangling from Cas’s hand, he can’t be far behind. Especially not with his impervious-angel-of-the-lord constitution ripped from him, along with his wings and the rest of his grace.
Cas glares at him with those big concussed eyes, and still manages to look offended. “Of course not, Dean. You’re special, and you always have been.” He groans. “You are so annoying when you miscoms-
“I’m heading to that bar we passed in town.” Dean’s voice is low and dangerous, as if he’s daring his brother to protest.
It’s not the first time the angel has gone all mother hen on him, but it might be the first time Dean notices how comforting it feels. Warmth flutters in his stomach at the thought that he’s got someone he knows, someone he really trusts, watching his six in this hellscape.
Not that he’d ever admit out loud that he enjoyed the Donna Summer phase. Some things are too embarrassing to put to words.
Dean remembers being on that rack with stunning clarity. The torture was creative, and, well, Hellish, and eventually he had cracked like the pathetic weakling he is. For ten years now, he has done what Alastair asked, what he swore he would never do. Even after this decade of playing for the other team, part of him desperately wants to believe this has all been a mistake. He dedicated his life on earth to saving people, hunting things. He always wanted to do good, to be good. That has to count for something, doesn’t it?
“That's mine. I ‘pologize.” Cas looks down to where Dean's arms hang by his sides. "You've got my blood on your hands."
“That’s it?” Cas pulls back just enough to look at Dean dubiously. Their faces are close, closer than usual, and Dean self-consciously worries his lower lip. “That doesn’t sound complicated.”
They’re both human now. They want this. And maybe, despite the mistakes they've made, despite the cosmic bullshit and the fated battles and everything else that promises to destroy them somewhere down the line…
The pressure he’s been shoving down all this time feels like it’s about to crack his sternum in half. And Sam is asleep, and Cas is...whatever he is, so maybe here, in the dark, only if he closes his eyes, maybe he could just…
“Dean. Everywhere I turn, I feel like I’m bracing for impact. Heaven struck me down and I’m still falling more and more, every day. Now I’m constantly bombed...b-bombarded by human needs, feelings, desires. And monsters keep
But Cas is different. He rebelled, and faced down an archangel for them. Dean still isn't sure exactly what kind of torture Cas went through to make it back from that one. Besides, there is a literal apocalypse going on. It’s normal to be concerned for your allies.
A scream forces its way between his clenched teeth as his ribs and pelvis and skull bend under the weight of the collapsed building. Blood seeps from the gouges along his back, and the sheer pressure threatens to flatten him like an ant. He hangs onto whatever strength kept him alive this long to keep his body intact now, if only to protect Dean’s. Cas notices in a detached way that he is roaring directly into Dean’s ear, which would be unpleasant for the hunter were he awake. However, as he is currently unconscious and Castiel has never experienced such exquisite pain in his millenia of existence, he figures Dean would understand.
Cas steadies the steering wheel as Sam strips out of his remaining flannel, and folds it behind Cas’s shoulder blades.
He does snort at that one. “Well, Sam kinda called shotgun for life. God, leave it to you to attempt words like ‘relegated’ when you’re concussed.”
Dean groans and drops his head into his hands. “I was such an idiot. All these years. All this time wasted when we could’ve...and now, we’re finally free of this stupid puppet master. We actually have a chance to slow down and make some big changes. I finally find the chutzpah to admit it, and it’s just too fucking late.”
Cas looks anywhere but at Dean. His eyes skim from the busted mini fridge in the corner, to Sam’s duffel on the floor, to their muddy boots discarded in a pile. His own shoes are on the bed now, crossed at the ankle beside Dean’s bare toes. He flexes a heel absently into the blanket, and thinks that if it were Sam putting his shoe-clad feet on relatively clean linens, Dean would shove his brother onto the floor. In fact, he's seen such an encounter. ("I know you weren't raised in a barn, Sammy, so get those boots off my bed!" Followed by a thump of over six feet of Winchester hitting the ground.) It warms something deep in Castiel's chest that Dean doesn’t do the same to him.
Dean looks at the disoriented angel in his lap, and doesn’t have to reach for the lyrics at all. They come easy.
Dean purses his lips in thought. “‘Require’ is a strong word. Honestly, I’m not sure. We can’t quite tell how time passes, and I don’t really get hungry or thirsty. A nap here or there doesn’t hurt.”
that.” Cas pushes off the wall with one foot, and squares his shoulders to Dean. “This was neither your doing nor your fault. It was safer for you without me, that is a fact. So I made a choice based on what I thought was best: I stayed away. But please, Dean,
Cas insists that he’s fine when the paramedics get too close. His back took most of the damage, so he is sure to keep it angled away from them to strengthen the ruse. But with Dean nearing critical condition, no one presses Cas about treatment protocols too hard. He just watches as they strap Dean to a stretcher, hook him up to wires, and hoist him into the rig. There’s a restless kind of rumbling in Cas's stomach at the sight, one that might be shame but he’ll call nausea.
It's been a few months since they said goodbye to Jack. That had been bittersweet, Dean remembers, driving back to the bunker with two fewer passengers than planned, despite the addition of Miracle dozing on Sam’s lap. He couldn’t deny the relief he felt knowing the Chuck ordeal was over, and that they were, for the first time since he was 4 years old, free. No more fate puppeteering their lives, no more shitty writers calling the shots. He had felt especially grateful looking over at Sam, whole and healthy, peacefully stroking the dog. But without the steady humming of energy from the backseat, Dean couldn’t help but feel like something was missing. Even now, he tried not to look at that thought too directly. He’d only glance at it peripherally, and then quickly away to other things. If he faced it head on...well, that just isn't an option.
Cas’s eyebrows quirk up. “I’m aware. I just didn’t think dancing would be the kind of thing you’d participate in, let alone admit to so readily. It doesn’t seem like your style.” He looks Dean’s slumped figure up and down. “I don’t know that I believe it.”
Dean knows neither Cas nor Jack were ever particularly loud or talkative. Hell, there were times he’d watch them sit, unmoving, staring at the television for hours without comment. Even when doing something as mundane as munching on a bowl of popcorn they were all sharing, the heavy stillness of their frames reminded Dean just how not human these two were. But even so, there was an undercurrent of electricity to their presence. Maybe it was the angel mojo, or whatever charged them up to suddenly blink light from their eyes like the Impala’s headlights flickering on at dusk. Cas, especially. When he was in the room, his grace vibrated through the space like warmth from a radiator. His very being hummed, gently.
Castiel reaches for the largest box and hands it to Dean. Dean rattles it around, a curious look appearing on his face. He looks at Cas for a hint but then quickly gets to pulling off the wrapping paper and tossing it behind him. Beneath the wrapping paper is just a large brown box taped shut.
“No.” Dean wasn’t that bad. “I am in a bad mood because I was basically told by multiple men and women last night that I am old and out of shape and not worth going home with. Then I spent hours in front of my mirror today and realized that they were right. It was kind of a large pill to swallow, you know?”
Castiel reaches over the desk and grabs one of the plastic gloves that were laid out for them before they began filming. He places it over his right hand, not putting one on his left hand.
“Hey boys,” Ellen called out over the bar to the both of them, grabbing their attention. “The bar closed five minutes ago. As much as I would love for you guys to keep on chatting here, you can’t. So get out.”
“Good Angelical Morning,” Castiel says into the camera, but there is none of the usual excitement that he puts on for the viewers.
"I know that it is hard for you to talk about," she continued when it became clear that he was not going to talk to her, yet again. "But I think, no, I believe that if you can allow yourself to talk about it, you'll feel better."
“No one is there,” Castiel said to himself once more, his eyes filling with tears. That was probably the worst feature of being human. He hated tears.
"Today is August 11th, 1997. I am here with Dean Winchester age 17." Dr. Mills spoke into the recorder. "Dean? Can you tell me what happened in the woods that night?"
“Are you kidding,” Dean acts offended. “I am going to be getting my favorite snack. This night is going to be awesome.”
Dean felt bad as soon as he asked the question. Cas did not really many friends outside of Dean and their small circle. Normally, during his breaks, he would stop in at the shop and keep them company and during the weekend, they would watch movies or go out to the club. Without Dean being physically available at this time, Cas probably did not have anything to occupy him for the next two weeks.
“It’s started,” Castiel begins to speak again between hiccups. “The hiccups have - *hiccup* - started.”
By the end of the first week, Dean had found many spells. They were all meant to bring your love to you or find your soulmate, so to speak. He was against doing magic but if this is what he had to do in order to save his life, he was going to do it.
Dean took a deep breath and worked at his cock through his boxers. He obviously wasn’t that nervous or his cock would have calmed down. This was happening. Cas was coming over.
“No,” Dean answered, leaning forward and softly pressing his lips to Castiel’s in a short but sweet kiss. “It’s not.”
As soon as Dean’s mind moved to Castiel, his heart began to race. It was strange and caused his stomach to turn in a way that he had never felt before. What was it that Castiel had over him? Was he that desperate for a friend that his body was longing for one as well? It was at that moment that it all started to come together. It was not Lisa that was holding Dean back this evening, it was Castiel.
Grace did not respond to him, unsure of what one would even say to something such as that. She believed in her faith but she also knew that Castiel was going through a hard time right now and that everyone grieved differently. So, she simply offered him a smile, rested her hand on his shoulder for a moment and then exited the room.
Not long after his mother’s death, Dean’s father began drinking. It started slowly as any other addiction does, but soon, very little time would pass between drinks and John was in a permanent state of intoxicated. The more he drank, the angrier he became. At first, his anger presented in the form of yelling but not long after did he get a taste of what smacking Dean around felt like. Once he got that taste, he never wanted to let it go.
Dean glared at his brother but continued to make his way toward Bella. Since Castiel had not shown up, Dean needed something to pass his time. Bella was hot, he supposed that she would work as some kind of a distraction. If Castiel showed up, he would have a reason to bail. If he didn’t, maybe he could at least get lucky this evening.
"You told me to come back to you." Dean tried to explain but it didn't even make sense to him at the moment. "What the hell does that even mean?"
“Twelve gold,” Castiel called out. It was all that he had on him but even at that, it was a substantial amount of gold.
Dean finished off his beer and stood up from the couch. He was angry at Sam for pulling a stunt like this. Sam had obviously learned that Dean and Castiel had been hanging out and used that to his advantage.
“Side note,” Dean interrupts. “Any shock or discomfort that may be expressed by us … and it will be, while we read erotic fanfiction about ourselves, has everything to do with it being fanfiction … about OURSELVES!” Dean yells toward the camera, shaking his head at the audience, before carrying on.
"I know that in your dream you loved me," Cas continued to speak anyway. "But you didn't love me before. Maybe one day you will truly love me like you think you did. And if that day comes, I will be here. If that day never comes, I will still be here. Because I love you Dean. From the very first moment I saw your soul, I knew you would be the reason I would fall. The greatest reason of all. I love you Dean Winchester. I have always loved you and I will always love you."
“No. Let me finish.” Dean walked forward again, pushing Cas until his back was against a wall in the bathroom. “I don’t know what I am. I don’t know what will happen when I encounter a penis that is not mine. But I am going to try all of this, because I love you and I am sorry it took me so long to realize that, not only do I love you, but I have always loved you.”
Dean hated his birthday. It was just another reminder of all the things in life he had missed out on. What were they even celebrating? But he made a big deal out of Sam’s birthday every year, because he’s his baby brother, so Sam in turn did the same for him. He told Dean that they were not hunting for the weekend of his birthday, instead, they were headed to Vegas for gambling, drinks and girls. All three of those were Dean’s favorite things. So, as much as he hated his birthday, he could admit that he was looking forward to the trip.
“I didn't mean it as a way to hurt you,” Cas hung his head. “It's just … none of them know I am gay.”
Both of them got out of Cas' bed and made their way into the bathroom to get themselves cleaned up and ready for bed. They were quiet, working side by side to wash their bodies and brush their teeth. Then they made their way into Dean's room. Dean handed Cas a pair of sleep pants and pulled on a pair for himself.
“I hate you so much,” Dean huffed through his teeth at Sam as he made his way into the bathroom and slammed the door behind him.
“This first piece of fanfic,” Charlie’s voice can be heard from behind the camera, “is from the author ‘lovemuppet’ and it’s called ‘100% Corn Fed.’ Sounds wholesome and country to me.”
“Serious?” Dean asks when he sees the gift, a gingerbread house kit. “I haven’t done one of these since I was a kid.”
Castiel pushed his cock against Dean’s thigh in response and Dean whined. He fucking whined. He was falling apart in Castiel’s arms and he didn’t even care. Everything about this was how it was supposed to be.
Dean felt his heart jump into his throat. It had been three years since he had kissed someone and it was his wife. He was not sure that he could do this. He had, had plenty of time to prepare for a moment like this but he was never really sure he was ready for it to happen yet. He wanted to kiss her, he really did but could he?
Dean reached out and grabbed a hold of him, pulling him in until Castiel’s head was laid against his shoulder.
“Are you always this rude?” The man looked Dean dead in the eyes, almost causing him to stumble back but he caught himself just in time.
When Dean hung up the phone he quickly called and ordered a pizza. He was initially going to get the bag of chips above his fridge but since Castiel wanted pizza, he was getting pizza.
Castiel took out his napkin and laid it in front of the fairy. There was bread, turkey, beans, some melon and a little bit of the cake that he hated not finishing. He did not mind sharing but his sweet tooth was angry with him when he did not finish it all.
“Well, I will,” Cas leaned in and gave Dean a chaste kiss, “if you don’t take off your pants and lie down.”
He stopped off at the store down the street and picked up some flowers for his husband. It would not fix all of the problems they were going through but it was a gesture. Maybe it would show Castiel that he did care and he knew what he was doing and things wouldn’t be as stressed between them but that was wishful thinking on his part, he knew that.
“Then let’s find out what happened.” Castiel agreed. “I will call Gabriel in the morning and we can get started.”
Dean’s breath hitched when he opened the picture. Cas’ penis was … it was … fuck. Dean could feel his cock hardening beneath his jeans and quickly worked to remove them, leaving him sitting on the couch in his boxers, his hard cock trying to work itself free.
The kisses were slow and soft, as they explored each other’s mouths. They continued on like this for a while, until Dean’s hand slid down Castiel’s side and gripped at his hip. Castiel couldn’t hold back anymore. He leaned into Dean, kissing him hard. Dean kissed back with just as much fire, his tongue darting out and pushing at Castiel’s lips until he opened his mouth and allowed Dean inside. It became messy and frantic and exactly how Castiel had imagined it would be with them, only better.
“I don’t know,” Dean admitted. “I just got home from a night out, got the urge to call you and see how you were doing.”
“With all that you have been through,” Castiel began, stepping closer and grabbing Dean’s hand into his own. “With all that you have seen. How is this so out of the realm of possibility?”
A moan loudly escaped Dean’s mouth as Castiel pulled his boxers down, not all the way to his ankles but just enough to set him free. He used his hand at first, following the lead of what Dean had done and that was more than Dean could ask for. He bucked his hips against Castiel’s hand, wanting him to stroke faster.
“If you do that I won’t be able to invite you to my party,” Sam held up his hands pretending to protect himself from his brother.
“Just go talk to her,” Sam pushed Dean away from him in the direction of Bella. “You might actually find that you like her.”
Cas made the motion of his head exploding, along with a noise that was supposed to represent the motion, but was slightly off. It was cute though. It was Cas.
“He is stubborn,” Castiel stated very matter-of-fact. He knew that Dean was dying and as much as he did not want it to be true, it was going to happen, no matter how hard he fought at this point. Castiel wished he still believed that things worked out but he had lost faith the day he lost his wings.
Dean waited for a while but that was all that Sam texted back. Dean felt bad but not too bad. His brother would understand one way or another. He knew that Sam was just trying to get him out of the house on a Friday night. In fact, it was probably more their mother’s idea than it was Sam’s. Sam would never admit to something like that, but Dean was fairly certain it was the truth.
“Sam, you know I don’t do parties,” Dean leaned under the hood of a car to avoid having to make eye contact with Sam.
“You guys can't leave,” Kevin jumped into their conversation. “We will all talk to Balthazar and he will behave himself.”
Castiel made his way back into his room, checking behind himself to make sure he was not being followed. It didn’t happen often, but with the suspicion that Michael was showing earlier, he had to be careful. Michael was no against sending someone to spy on him or even sending people into his room for searches. There had never been anything said about these searches, but there had been plenty of times that he had returned to his room and things were not exactly where he had left them.
“Good,” Cas turned to face Dean, his face also holding a fake smile. Dean’s heart sunk into his stomach. “I could use a beer as well.”
He burned Sam's body in a hunters burial. He had seen so many people go up in flames but losing Sam was the worst. Cas tried to comfort him but Dean wasn't interested. For months, he drowned himself in alcohol. Cas stayed by his side, partaking instead of trying to help Dean through.
"Cas," Dean spoke after a while of waiting. If Cas was still awake, it would seem like Dean had just woken up. But Cas didn't answer. Instead, Dean was met with quiet snores. "I love you too Cas. I love you too."
“We have to face this alone,” Dean yells, trying to get his anger from the fire inside of his body out.
“Wouldn’t be what?” Castiel asked after Dean didn’t complete his sentence and the silence grew thick between them.
Dean looked up at Castiel, unsure of what to say. He knew what he wanted to say, what he wanted to do but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. He did not want to ruin what he was getting back. He had to hold it in if he wanted to keep his friend.
Castiel made his way back over to Dean, grabbing his arms and turning them to where Dean’s legs were pushed up against the side of his bed. Castiel looked into his eyes for a brief moment, searching for what Dean assumed was approval. Once Dean caught on, he nodded his head slightly. He was not going to stop him.
Dean was actually glad that Adam and Jo were dating now. Jo had always had the biggest crush on him when she was younger. He did not mind the little girl with the crush but at times it would get awkward. She would want to hang out with him all the time, even when he was clearly trying to spend time with Lisa, who was only his girlfriend then. Now she barely even noticed his existence, her entire world was Adam. He couldn’t be happier for the both of them, though he hoped every day they did not end up like him.
Castiel loved the sixth day. It was the day he was able to take time for himself and not have to focus on anything. Second through fifth day were dedicated to his studies, training and sitting in on council. While the days went by fast, the repetitiveness of it all was enough to drive him insane. The first day was the worst day. While religion was an important thing within the Kingdom, Castiel could never find it in himself to take any merit in the words being cast in his direction.
Dean was nowhere and everywhere at the same time. How long had he been lying here? Where was Castiel? He wanted to speak out and ask but it was as if he had forgotten how to speak. Was he speaking?
“What can I do for you Dean?” Castiel asked, shocking Dean back into reality. He seemed so business and matter of fact that maybe Dean was wrong. Maybe he was bugging Castiel after all.
[angelofthursday] You can leave this conversation at any time. You don’t have to humor me or anything.
The moment Dean got home, he slipped out of his clothes and into the shower. He needed to wash off the entire evening that was sticking to him in the worst of ways. He could still smell the fire from the party and it was bringing up the thoughts about tonight. He just wanted to be able to forget the night and move on.
"You know today is a day of rest," Michael lost his edge of displeasure. "Why read when you are not tasked to do so?"
[greeneyedhunter] She actually admitted to destroying her car but it was because of me and felt I owed her for damages.
Cas gave him a smile and then walked away, leaving Dean more broken than he had began. He knew that he was having trouble admitting it but he wanted Cas. He could still remember the feeling of Cas pressed up against his body. Whether it was his Cas or not, the feelings that came from even thinking about it were strong enough to make Dean dizzy. But Cas didn't want him in that way. He could barely stand to touch Dean.
Dean knew he was going to take the blame for this. Castiel had always been about violence never being the answer for anything. He tried to instill that in Claire. But over the years, Dean had voiced his opinion on fighting. If someone hits you, you hit them back and you make it count. If someone is potentially going to cause you physical harm or you fear you are going to be hurt, you let them know you aren’t going to stand for it. Sometimes, letting someone know you are serious involves bringing your fists into the conversation. Castiel never agreed with this notion and had voiced his opinion about it numerous times to Dean over the years.
“I thought you were already going,” Castiel tried to argue in his defense, though he had already made his point as to why he had not gone. “At no point did you tell me I was the reason you were going.”
“I would not turn down those berries you brought back with you last time.” Her face lit up at the thought.
“Let me take a look,” Cas quickly responded, reaching out and placing his hands against Dean’s side.
“Like this?” Castiel asked as he slipped the first finger in, slowly letting his entire finger disappear inside of Dean.
“It was no problem, Dean,” Cas said with a smile of his own. “It is never an inconvenience to help you or Sam. But I do have to be going.”
Cas hated camping. Sure, Dean forced him to go because he felt that it was good for Cas to get out into nature. Normally, he was cooped up reading a text book or putting in volunteer hours wherever he could. It was commendable but Cas needed to get out every now and again, like back woods out.
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean tried not to yell at his best friend, who was now standing too close for comfort. “You need to knock or something. Make some noise.”
Dean rushed home from work. Normally, he would take his time, enjoy baby and maybe even stop off to get something to eat, but recently, home is the only place he wanted to be. That was because of
“If we do this,” Dean interrupts. He has been good at interrupting Castiel today, well, for their whole lives actually. “You should name your next kid after me.”
“Yours,” Dean confirms with a deep moan that confirms to Castiel that he is coming as well. “All yours, Angel.”
“I need to find out what happened.” Dean took them slightly off-topic. “Whether this crazy theory is right or not. I need to find out what happened to my brother Cas.”
"Where am I?" Dean asked, opening his eyes but then closing them once again to fend off the bright light.
Dean considered this for a moment, fearful that he was going to mess this all up. But in the end, he went with what he felt and not what his mind was thinking.
Dean parked a few blocks away from his brother’s fraternity. Not because he did not want to be seen but because you never knew what a bunch of drunk frat guys were going to do to a vehicle sitting in front of their house. He would rather leave with his truck in the same condition in which he had arrived with it in.
Castiel made his way over to the cage and waited for the lady to open it. The fairy moved to the far corner, cowering away from him. Castiel felt a pang of hurt in his chest, but by looking at the small things tiny, broken body, he knew that it was not him causing the fear.
Dean nodded and made his way for the kitchen. As he passed through the doorway, everything started to spin. He reached out to grab the counter but it wasn’t there. He was no longer in his kitchen, he was standing in a large industrial looking kitchen, with giant stainless steel refrigerators and it was … it was cold.
“Cas?” Dean asked, spinning around so quick he could feel the room begin to spin but it quickly straightened itself out. “Why is Cas going to be here?”
“I’m going to cum,” Dean warned Castiel, unsure of how much he was willing to handle. Castiel continued to suck and lick at Dean’s cock until he could no longer hold it back. His body was on fire and he could no longer hold it in.
Dean laughed when he looked at his phone. It was not funny but Castiel always seemed to text him whenever he was thinking about him. It was like he knew what Dean was thinking. He wished that were true. If Castiel knew what Dean was thinking and feeling without him having to talk, he would understand the stress he was under and know how bad he felt about how neglectful he had been. But it was more complicated than that and Castiel couldn’t read his mind, as much as he likes to say that he can.
Dean turned on the water to let it warm up and then made his way over to the sink to shave. He’d gotten pretty gross on their last hunt and it had been a difficult one, so he hadn’t groomed himself the way he’d normally do it. But they were finally home and he was going to live in the shower until he was cleaner than he’d ever been. That could be a while, considering the showers in the bunker never seemed to run out of hot water. Two hours was Dean’s longest and he was hoping to break that record today. But shaving in the shower was never easy, so he had to get that out of the way before he stepped in.
“It wouldn’t be you Cas,” Dean admits, seeming to find his voice. “Her hair was perfectly in place and not a mess on top of her head. It didn’t make me want to run my fingers through it the way I want to when I look at your hair. And her eyes, they were blue but they didn’t seem impossibly blue like the color shouldn’t even exist because it's too much for a person to look into every day.”
Dean took a deep breath and then turned his attention to Cas’ cock. It was slightly longer than Dean’s but Dean was thicker. He was sure he wasn’t going to be able to do what Cas had done earlier at the Roadhouse, but that was not going to stop him from trying.
“So I’m asking you...no. I am praying. Please. Help me get him back. I need him. I lo-” Dean cuts off, realizing he’s never said it aloud, not in these words, not this plainly. “I love him, Jack. And every single chance I had to tell him that, I was too much of a damn coward. I’m sorry for that. I’ll regret it til the day I die. But I need him back, so I can tell him what I should’ve told him when he needed me to.”
“Thanks,” he mumbles softly, not meeting the eyes he can feel boring into his own. He chuckles lightly to relieve some of the tension building between them, and gestures to his red clothing. “You couldn’t have wiped away the blood too?”
Cas breathes easy, and Dean cups his face just in time to see the ocean sunrise of his eyes opening.
“Well,” Cas mutters, looking a bit embarrassed, “I can hardly be blamed for my eidetic memory, now can I?”
Dean can feel his consciousness slipping, but his first instinct is to soothe, to placate. “You’re still plenty angel, man, I know it. And you said yourself, Sam has probably gone for help. Chances are he’ll come back with a whole construction crew. Hey, I’ve always wanted to drive that wrecking ball thing.”
The hope that has been swelling like a balloon in Dean’s chest pops when Jack points out this rather significant caveat.
He feels Cas’s labored breathing against his collarbone and wonders if this accident could be the thing that breaks him. If this is the last straw that sends him fleeing from their batshit crazy life. If he’ll run screaming without saying goodbye, or if he'll bother to shake Dean's hand with a
“And then I’m gonna kiss him.” Dean has never said that part out loud, but he’s dreamed about it plenty. He realizes as the words take shape in his mouth that he wants this so desperately it aches. “And I’m gonna find us a little house with a big kitchen, and I’m gonna, I don’t know, build him a fucking treehouse. I’m gonna do whatever I can to make him happy, for as long as he’ll let me, because I love him. And there’s no life for me here without him. So will you help?”
Dean rolls his head sideways so he can give him a look. Definitely didn't study for the practical. “Joke, Cas. That was a joke.”
Dean grabs his face again. “Cas. Cas!” He pulls Cas into sitting, and tilts him sideways so he’s leaning against Dean’s torso. His body is entirely limp, and feels lighter than it should be. “Cas, this is the part where you wake up. We’ve gotta go!”
Alastair watches him with sickening pride. “You’re the real thing, kid. And since you’ve done such excellent work, we’re gonna bump up your promotion.”
Visions flash in front of their eyes of scenes neither has witnessed before. Dean sees himself, alive and whole, standing next to Sam, greeting a dark haired man in a trenchcoat. Castiel sees his own essence, inside a human vessel, confiding in Dean on a park bench. A sequence of the two of them, slamming fists into one another’s faces, then a flash of them fighting back to back against common enemies. A shadow of wings burned into the ground, and a trail of blood oozing down a flannel shirt. A mix tape exchanged between careful fingers. Wrapping each other in welcoming arms, embracing like old friends. Hands reaching out to rescue, to comfort, to heal. A dog. A cottage on the side of a lake. Laughter lines and greying temples. A sleepy weekend morning, wrapping a lover in warm arms.
Dean realizes with a start that their faces are incredibly close. Cas lays a shaky hand over Dean’s, pressing it harder against his own cheek.
“Y’know, you’re cute when you babble.” Dean doesn’t mean to say it out loud, and yet out loud it is said.
Cas shrinks, color rising in his cheeks. “You don’t need to say anything.” He tries to disentangle his arms from Dean’s, but Dean holds him tighter.
Dean rolls his eyes, then curses when it causes the throbbing in his temple to spike. “He’s just a wimp who doesn’t wanna catch whatever I’ve got. That doesn’t mean I need an angelic babysitter.”
He slides his hands into Dean’s hair and kisses him again, and again, and again. He spares one corner of his brain to imagine a world in which they never have to come up for air.
"It is, but I've learned to decode the affection in your vague threats." Dean swallows his tongue and longs for death.
human. He doesn’t always need food, though Sam encourages him to eat at least one meal a day to be safe. They learn when he accidentally pulls a door off its hinges that he’s still stronger than an average man his size. He can also go a couple days without sleeping. More than once Dean has woken in the night to find the other side of the bed empty, with Cas sitting by the window of their motel room, watching the neon signs flicker outside. (He and Cas share most of the time, only because Sam sprawls like a felled Sasquatch. Even though they staunchly keep to their own sides, his not-so-little brother is uncharacteristically thrilled about Dean’s strange new bedfellow. He won’t stop teasing them about it.) But regardless of Cas’s nocturnal episodes and freaky metabolism, very few of his party tricks remain. No fluttering around, no healing, no telekinesis, and definitely no angel radio. Once, Sam asks if he can still hear the Host, and Cas responds that his head has never been so silent and yet so loud.
They spend many grueling hours in the hospital; falsifying insurance forms, pacing in waiting rooms, agonizing over the worst possible outcome while Dean is in surgery. Cas has to sit through seventy four truly hellish stitches for the twin gouges down his back. Such a small but persistent pain, clearly designed to induce insanity in the patient, could only have been invented by a demon. Castiel is sure of it.
Dean mumbles, “Peachy.” He squeezes his eyes shut and sees a flash of red, so he settles for tracing patterns in the water stains on the ceiling instead. “Thanks for the rescue.” It comes out softer than he intends.
“I know you said you were gonna be hands off, Jack. And I respect that, I really do. No matter what happens from here on out, you know you’re our family and we will always be proud of you.” Dean takes a bracing breath.
But maybe Cas still has some mind-reading powers, because he takes the words right out of Dean's mouth. “I hate this. Iss...not fair. My entire existence, I b’lieved that God was just. But...was my sin so unforgivable that
That afternoon by the river had been the first time he and Cas ever hugged. He was warm pressed to Dean’s chest, peach fuzz scratchy against Dean’s knuckles. He smelled like dirt and blood, like the rest of purgatory, but also something smoky. Lightning and ozone, or maybe a crackling fire. Dean’s hands have been longing to reach out and touch all day, starved and aching to remind himself Cas is real.
warning: I may make you wait a few more days for the final installment, mostly because I'm doing some rewrites and partially because I'm evil and want to let you stew.
Dean picks up on the pause, on whatever Cas is clearly trying not to say. “What exactly did you hear if I wasn’t prayin’ in words?”
Jack nods. “And while I want him out of that place as much as you do, I know the depth of his feelings and I know the potential pain that lies between you should you not...reciprocate them the same way. We may not approve of his decision, but he did find some form of happiness, Dean, and he deserves happiness. So I’ll repeat my question.” Jack straightens his shoulders. “What are your intentions towards Castiel?”
“Hey,” Dean says, a little sharper than he intends. He feels like they're sliding back towards the 'mud monkey' metaphor and it's making him bristle. He crouches down before Cas again so they're face to face. “I’m human. You don’t think I’m useless, do you?”
He realizes that for the first time since taking this vessel, the heart beating in his chest is truly his. This borrowed flesh no longer houses the trapped soul of Jimmy Novak, but is the new home for his own consciousness.
Cas pulls away a few inches, just enough to catch one of Dean’s palms between his own. He arranges Dean’s hand into a two-fingered salute, the kind he’d use for healing and transport if they weren’t stuck in Wonderland. Cas tilts his chin upwards and presses Dean’s fingers to the pulse point below his jaw. Dean holds his breath until he feels the heartbeat there, strong and steady. Blood and grace rushing through his veins as one.
It feels wrong to stand this far apart, on either ends of the cave. Their invisible tether usually has less slack, leaving them floating well within one another’s personal space no matter the circumstances. But ever since the river, Dean feels like if he takes a step closer, something between them will shatter. The tension in the air is so thick, a meat cleaver wouldn’t cut it. Dean reckons he’d need an industrial strength chainsaw to even make a dent.
A flush hits the back of Dean’s neck. Cas never did let him get away with self deprecation. “Worth it. Nothing felt right with you gone.”
which I suspect aided you in defensive capabilities. But alone, I’ve just been running, fighting, and hiding, every moment since we landed.”
“Alright. But if you tell Sam about this, I will make you sit in the trunk on our next twelve hour drive.”
He doesn’t expect Cas to move even closer, and he definitely doesn’t expect him to bring one of his large hands to Dean’s jaw, sliding back to cradle the nape of his neck. Dean inhales in surprise, and gets a whiff of Cas’s scent. He smells the way his voice sounds - dark, earthy, and ancient. A little bit electric.
Dean swings a mean right hook and knocks the Empty Alastair on his ass. He slides an arm under Cas’s knees and gets to his feet, the vial of grace now visibly dangling from his neck.
“Shut up, Angel.” Dean tugs on Cas’s hand abruptly, bringing their chests crashing together and Cas exhaling against his neck. He can smell the bourbon on them both, woody and full of smoke. “Can’t believe your wacky professor vocab isn’t affected by booze.”
Beside him, Sam is ripping off a piece of his jacket and tying it above Dean’s bicep. Castiel watches helplessly and curses his own forgetfulness of human first aid. A tourniquet, of course. Why hadn't he thought of such a simple treatment before?
Three beers later, he’s tipsy and paying less attention. Dean seems to be holding his own anyway, letting a burly guy with tattoo sleeves and a mean looking mug kick his ass. Soon he'll play the innocent sore loser and up the bid to $400, and then he’ll narrowly win and get the hell out of dodge. Which means hopefully, they’ll get to stay in a slightly cleaner motel tomorrow night. This hustler formula is a classic John Winchester maneuver, one which both Sam and Dean could execute flawlessly by the time they were seventeen.
Cas squeezes his eyelids shut one after the other, like he's testing his vision. “The hist’ry of human head drama is actually...quite fascinatin’.” Dean assumes he means trauma, but since all his words are blending together anyway, he doesn’t bother correcting him. It’s like being lectured by a stoned professor. “Didyoo know, the first medical burr holes were drilled into those who were behaving abnorm’lly in order to let out what people believed to be evil sp’rits?”
Cas yells in frustration and worry. He has never felt so engulfed in feeling. Pain and fatigue sing in his muscles while he hangs onto desperate, dogged faith that Dean will not die here.
Over time, Dean watches Cas develop human-adjacent habits and opinions. He prefers being barefoot to wearing the thrift store boots they found him, though Dean will only allow it in motel rooms, because "Gross, man, there's bugs and shit out there." He devours the dime store novels Sam hands him, and gets so invested in the love lives of the characters that he recounts entire scenes to the boys from the back of the car. He smitingly glares at a waitress in Alabama when she accidentally brings him decaf, which leaves Dean choking on his eggs. Cas is funny, in that too earnest off-beat way of his, and Dean finds himself laughing a lot more often than he used to.
Cas screams, his good foot kicking out weakly despite his best efforts to stay still. He's loud enough that Dean begins to worry someone might call the cops on them, but a few moments later Cas stuffs his fist into his mouth and bites it down into a whimper. His whole body twitches, and he nearly pulls out of Dean’ grip.
Finally he moves back, and carefully pulls Cas to stand with him. Cas wobbles a bit, so Dean steadies him by placing his hands on Cas’s waist, and Cas’s hands land on Dean’s chest. Dean can’t help but run a thumb absently over the material of the trench coat.
As sleep begins to pull at him like the tide, Dean jerks minutely, fearful of returning to the bloody chamber.
The Angel kneels at their feet, gracious. He has been bestowed with the honor of serving God. There is no greater purpose. “What would He have me do?”
He watches in morbid fascination as Castiel’s grace flows in a steady stream from his neck into the vial. As it does, Cas takes one long, slow inhale, arching minutely off the ground. Once it’s all out and Dean caps the vial, Cas exhales loudly and goes limp.
Sam glares his pissy glare. “Did you forget that we’re practically co-parents to the new God? An extremely powerful new God who has pulled Cas out of The Empty before?”
“All you’ve got to do is listen for the rhythm, ‘kay?” Dean presses at Cas’s back minutely, shifting them to one side, and then the other. “Keep your weight on the balls of your feet, and let it carry up to the rest of you. Then just...shift, back and forth, to the beat.”
“Cas, buddy. It’s gonna be alright.” Dean isn’t sure if that’s true or not, but it’s what his friend needs to hear.
“Dean,” Sam says calmly. He waits until his brother sheepishly meets his gaze. “I know you’ve been having nightmares about Cas.”
Dean sighs. They’ve all been avoiding the A-word for months. Of course, a gushing head wound functions a bit like alcohol - a drunken mind speaks a sober truth. “No, Cas, they shouldn’t.”
Dean will then self-consciously pull his hand away from the warmth of Cas's bruised ribs. When Cas stirs and rolls over to see why, their eyes will meet, and an avalanche of questions will spill between them.
Sam eventually nuts up and finds the courage to go see Eileen. Dean drives him there, feeling a bit like a chauffeur dropping Sam off at his middle school dance. But he can’t help the smile that spreads across his face when he watches Eileen run down her front steps and jump into Sam’s arms. They swing in a full circle before her feet touch the ground and their lips meet. He leaves them to it after that and heads home to Mira and an ice cold six pack. Dean can’t get many details out of him about the reunion the next day, but Sam looks happy, and a faint hickey pokes out along the collar of his shirt. Dean smirks and wiggles his brows at his eye rolling baby brother, but otherwise doesn’t comment.
Once he got himself cleaned up, Dean made his way into the diner. He assumed that is where this person was located since it was Benny who called for him and not Jody, Bobby’s wife and the one who worked the front desk on Tuesdays. Jody was the Sheriff of this town but when she had her one day off, she helped in the shop. Dean had offered to hire someone else, but he knew that she enjoyed the work. If there was one person in this world who didn’t know how to take a day off and kick up her feet, it was Jody Mills.
Or werewolves. Dean would be content with anything. He just needed something to fight or kill. What was wrong with him?
“Yeah,” Dean breathes heavily into the phone. “I want to pull you to me and down onto my lap, those crazy strong thighs of yours straddling me. Then use it to hold you firmly against me as I … as I…”
Dean’s eyes fluttered open and he looked down at Castiel, the same light appeared to be radiating off of him but not as brightly as he had seen it in his dreams. It was too much. He could not hold it back anymore.
Sam texted Dean where the party was going to be, and Dean grew hopeful that it would be a better time than the last. Last time it was in an overly loud frat house with so many bodies that you couldn’t walk across the room without running into someone. This time the party was out at Miller’s Creek, a place where Dean had spent a lot of his time as a teenager, well until Ben came along. It was the party spot in High School. The destination for high school parties had changed since then, so this place was free for college kids or people who wanted to party during the summer.
Dean smiled down at the man in his bed and then climbed in himself and reached over to turn off the light. They laid in silence, only their arms touching.
Dean pulled Cas away from the wall, slowly working at the clothes that he still had on. Once he had him undressed, he quickly removed all of his clothing as well, cursing himself for his obsession with layers. Cas watched on in quiet amusement at Dean's growing annoyance until he was finally free of all his clothes as well.
Dean spent the next few days reading every book he could find on soul mates. The majority of them believed that there was no such thing. There was no one soul that was meant to be with another one. He was screwed and they could not find Rowena. Sam was currently out searching for her but he kept calling with no luck.
Once Dean had the tip of Cas’ cock in his mouth, Cas moved further down his own, taking in more while swirling his tongue the best he could. Dean mimicked these motions to the best of his ability, hoping he was getting it right. This continued until Cas’ cock was all the way in Dean’s mouth. Dean pulled back, licked around the tip, took it all the way back in, repeatedly, until Cas pulled off his cock and laid his head back against the pillow.
“Okay,” Castiel laughed. “We can use the internet. But we will also use Gabriel. You would be surprised all that he can accomplish.”
"Dean." Cas stepped forward and began to reach out to him but stopped. "I don't understand. You aren't making any sense."
Castiel was always standing so close to him. He hated it. In the beginning, it was a matter of personal space. No one needed to stand that close to another person. Not unless you were dating or hooking up. But that was in the beginning. Now it was different. Every time Cas stood close to Dean, his entire body felt like it was on fire with desire. He didn’t know when it started but somewhere down the line, he went from wanting his best friend to step away to wanting his best friend to pin him to the table and fuck him until he was unable to sit down the next day. Everything about Cas was sex. His blue eyes that seemed to look directly into Dean’s soul and his hair that stuck up in every which way, screaming that he’d already been fucked himself. Everything about Cas made Dean want him more. But it wasn’t like that with them. It would never be like that with them.
“Would you like to get a beer sometime?” Dean asked, thinking it might be nice to make a friend, or at least attempt to. He did not have many left.
[greeneyedhunter] I have a brother and sister. She isn’t really my sister. She is my cousin but her parents died when she was really little and my parents adopted her.
“Okay Cas,” Dean turned to his best friend who looked like a deer in headlights. “What should we do first? Bar or gambling.”
To Dean’s amazement, the teacher was dressed down for their drinking extravaganza. He had lost his suit and tie for a pair of dark blue jeans, a red t-shirt and a pair of black and white converse. Dean was happy to see him this way. He looked a little more normal and a little less stuffy professor. There was hope for a friendship yet. Not that Dean goes around judging people based on the clothes they wore.
[greeneyedhunter] I am just joking Cas. There is no pressure. If you just want to be friends, I can be just friends.
“Me too, Angel,” Dean admits. “Stroking myself to the thought of you writhing around in my lap, trying to get closer to me through our clothes, panting into my neck as I kiss and lick and bite at yours.”
“Of course,” Dean tells him with a smile, but it isn’t the same smile he is used to and somehow this worries Cas.
“Claire,” Castiel turned to their daughter, his dad tone in place. Dean’s heart sunk. He was going to do this over ice cream?
Castiel did not pull away when he came. He continued to suck Dean through his orgasm. It was not until Dean unwillingly began to pull away from him that Castiel pulled back with a sound that was truly pornographic.
“Fine,” Castiel laughed for real this time. “I am currently coming over and you better have beer and hopefully a pizza on the way.”
It took longer than he had hoped for. Castiel knew that it was the nerves keeping him awake. He counted sheep and took great notice of his breathing. But nothing was working. He was about to give up and try something else, like reading, when the fairy reached out and placed his hand on Castiel’s forehead. Suddenly, the world was dark.
Something dark flutters in Dean’s chest at the sight. In offering to clean his ass up, the angel literally got his hands dirty. That feels damningly poetic, and deeply sad.
Cas sounds upset. That octave of distress is new, Dean realizes, so he should probably go see what it’s about.
Now as the three of them scale steep, wooded terrain, Dean’s eyes linger on Cas longer than they should. His coat is tattered, ripped to shreds along its hem. Dirt crawls up the corded muscle at the back of his neck. Dean’s gaze lands on the side of Cas’s bearded face, and even as he makes a huge racket tripping on a tree root, he can’t pull his eyes away.
Cas’s head weakly bumps Dean’s chest and his arms slide around Dean’s waist, and he realizes he’s being hugged.
Cas barrels on anyway. Definitely not listening. “A vicious blow is always coming my way, that's all I know. I've learned to anticipate it by now. Every time I round a corner, there could be someone waitin’ to ambush me. So I walk around flinching, expecting a strike. And the next one will be the most painful, because now, without purpose or use,
enormous wings arcing from the creature’s broad shoulders. They are pure white with sharp pointed feathers, gleaming silver at the tips. Dean gets the impression he could press a finger to the edge of one and draw blood like Sleeping Beauty on her spinning wheel.
Cas’s gaze flicks past his face for a moment. Sam follows his eyeline, and finds the little silver angel Dean had hung from the rearview a couple months back. His brother had refused to explain it at the time, but Sam had his suspicions about where it came from. Now he feels even more sure.
Dean sighs, but does it. Cas looks a bit constipated as he tries to shift them again, but Dean has the good sense to know it’s not the time to joke about it. Especially when they don’t move.
“Sideways, Cas, sideways. His nose is broken, we don’t want him choking on his own blood.” Cas nods, and shifts Dean’s head. He is perched delicately on the edge of the seat, with his feet on the sidewalk and Dean’s temple braced against his hip.
There’s a smudge of mud on Cas’s temple, and a hole ripped through the knee of his scrubs. His sharp nose and high cheekbones are highlighted by the facial hair, carving shadows into the hollows of his face like he's been sculpted from marble. Honestly, it’s a good look on him. Dean’s never seen Cas in anything other than the Holy Tax Accountant getup, but this works. The rugged visage makes him look more like a hunter than anything else. The thought makes Dean’s chest tighten.
Cas remains still, curled into the corner of his armchair like he sprouted out of the leather overnight. His glass, the last dregs of whiskey pooling at the bottom, rests against his knee, which is currently clad in Dean’s old sweatpants. His mouth has dropped open slightly, clearly stunned by this turn of events and not quite sure how to react.
Cas resumes moving his fingers across Dean’s scalp. As time passes, the pressure in his stomach eases and his eyelids droop. Despite the chill of the bathroom floor and the smell of his own stomach acid lingering, he could probably rest here for hours as long as Cas kept playing with his hair like that.
That puts a frown on Cas’s face, but he ducks his head to hide it. “Do you still require sleep here?”
“I love you, too, Cas. Of course I do, I am so in love with you, and I have been forever. And none of that, like-a-brother, disguising my feelings bullshit. I am for real, romantically, kiss you in the rain, cuddle on the couch, grow old with you while we watch the world turn
“Dean,” Cas looks confused, and his eyes are a little glassy. He sways a bit like he’s dizzy, and Dean holds him tighter. “What...what happened?”
“Yes, Dean, it hurts.” Cas bites out. “Four thousand pounds of concrete collapsed on my spine. It feels like…” His eyes glaze over. “It feels.”
“Dean.” Cas’s voice sounds far away, echoing in a way that has nothing to do with the stone sounding board surrounding them.
But then it’s gone. Cas pulls his hand away from the vial, and tilts his chin upward so they’re face to face. His eyes are wide, and his lip trembles.
Dean shoots him a look. “What, I gotta ask for permission before I hit the hard stuff?” It comes out a little nastier than he intends. He sighs at his own tone, and rubs fingers along the bridge of his nose. “Fuck,
“Jack, you mind?” Dean asks, and Jack places two fingers to Cas’s forehead. The blood vanishes, and the wound heals over.
By the time he reaches the eyebrow, Cas is shaking profusely and beaded with sweat. There are two inches left, but something tells Dean to pause. He ties off the knot and sets the needle driver on the table, reaching back up to push a hand through Cas’s hair. It’s still saturated with blood and will need a good wash, but that can wait until tomorrow. “We're not quite done, but I think you need a break.”
He manages to grumble out an affirmative sound, something approximating “I heard you, shut up,” and tries to shift. That’s when the pain hits. His left arm bursts into flames, shooting deep into his rotator cuff. The noise in his throat becomes a shout, and his head instinctually shoots upward, eyes flying open to assess the scene.
