Sherlock leaned back on the refreshments table and nibbled on a piece of fruit. Up ahead, Greg chatted with his parents. Molly was with her bridesmaids. There was really no one else he knew. He felt that familiar ache in his stomach that usually appeared during social situations like this. Where everyone around him seemed to be with someone while he felt like he was enclosed in a glass box, invisible to everyone outside it. He wrapped his free arm around his middle, closing in on himself, and took another bite of his fruit. It was then that he caught a voice that instantly melted his worries.
was, today I’ll look into the cases of the other children that disappeared before Gina’s suicide. You can research her background in witchcraft. Find out why she might have targeted the children.”
"Yeah. Didn't take him long once he was captivated Nearly tore apart the living room in the process." The two of them watched amused as the 38-year-old man bustled around the kitchen, opening cabinets and drawers.
“If she made a deal and paid the agreed upon price, why would it still be haunting the Walter’s family?”
At the god awful sound of the hinges, his anxiety came creeping back into the pit of his stomach. The sound of the door slamming behind him, the prickles down his spine, the cold breath . . .
Realizing he was referring to how long it’s been since John has visited him, his stomach sank. All his joy from being back home with Sherlock was instantly replaced with sickened twist in his gut at the indirect mention of Mary. John didn’t want to talk about her just yet. Perhaps in the morning, but not now.
“No thanks, mate,” he replied without taking his eyes off Sherlock and Ray. Sherlock threw his head back in laughter as he playfully grasped his arm for support.
“Sherlock. Oh my god.” John’s hands hovered over his body, taking in all of his injuries. “Oh god, oh god,” he whispered manically to himself.
John followed his gaze to a tall man in a pin-striped suit. He stood with one ankle crossed over the other, leaning on a black umbrella. He was looking right back at Sherlock. John traced the direct line of their connected gazes back and forth. Neither blinked, nor moved, nor even breathed, it seemed. The man’s face twisted into something painful. His skin was etched with lines that John knew were not from age, but from stress.
Sherlock groaned again, much more appreciatively this time, and relaxed into the pillow. Pleased with himself, John moved to mouth at the nape of his neck while massaging circles into his shoulders and upper back. He kissed down his spine, rubbing his thumbs down his slender sides as he did so.
Every other time John had turned down a case, he was left feeling miserable and empty inside. Not this time. He knew what was in their near future.
A warm rush of affection washed over him as he sat in his chair - oh, how he had missed his chair - across from Sherlock and took a sip.
“Sorry.” He chuckled uncomfortably, rubbing the back of his head. “Couldn’t do that in front of Mary,” he quietly added with a guilty undertone.
John!” He was raising his voice now. John stood to match him eye for eye – well, as much as he could.
Disclaimer: I completely made up pretty much everything about Moloch. So if anyone is more knowledgable on all that mythology stuff and was like "wtf"... I'm sorry lol
Josephine thanked them with tearful hugs. If no prosecution came out of this, at least she had closure and could live the remainder of her life in peace. With that, they cordially parted ways.
“No, not . . . as his date,” John quickly corrected. “We’re flatmates. And . . .” he trailed off as he struggled to describe their relationship. ‘Friends’ didn’t sound quite right. Not after everything they’d been through recently and how they were treating each other.
At this point his voice was wobbling dangerously. Still, neither of them could lift their faces and look each other in the eye.
"Not what I expected." Another minute passed with the two of them watching the still water in silence.
Before a single order could be given, heavy, icy rain drops stormed down from the clouds. Almost simultaneously, the erratic waves began violently rocking the ship. Boxes, chests, and anything else not firmly tied down began shifting and toppling over. The booming crack of thunder vibrated through the whole ship.
He waited for a response. When Sherlock nodded ever so slightly, with his bottom lip protruding out, he continued.
Tony sat across from him, quietly seething with barely contained contempt. Sean, meanwhile, seemed to be avoiding eye contact with either one of them. Instead, he fixed his gaze towards Evans in a forced, almost unnatural way. John forced himself to sit up straighter rather than shrink under Tony’s glare, if only in a show of defiance.
“Well, Johnny-boy, I hate to break it to you, but Sherlock here has not been entirely honest with you,” he said as if talking to a five-year-old. “You see, he owes me. He owes me a fall.”
"If you absolutely needed a coat and didn’t have yours, what’s the next thing you would go to?” Sherlock immediately leapt up and stormed to where John's coat was hanging beside the spot where his own should have been.
“Oh I see. So you were a bad cop yesterday and a good cop today, is that it?” John watched Sherlock take a deep breath, as if reminding himself to be patient.
Sherlock was still gazing at him timidly. His eyes widened and desperately begged for forgiveness. And if not forgiveness, then just something. Anything. John finally stopped staring and put the man out of his misery.
Yet now, she found that a large fraction of that awe had evaporated with time and distance. Time that he’d been alive and never bothered to contact her. And distance she happily would’ve crossed to be with him, had he only asked. Looking at him now, she felt only confusion, betrayal, and a twang of bitterness.
Greg helped John up into a sitting position as he coughed out water, shaking and trembling from head to toe.
John climbed out of bed and wrestled his jeans on, doing his best to ignore the shrill giggles from the bed. Sure enough, looking through his notifications, there were indeed 59 missed calls from Sherlock.
“Sherlock. I’d love to.” Sherlock let out a breath of relief and smiled. Another true, genuine smile. Beautiful. They sat by the fire together in content silence for a minute before John realized he was probably intruding and should let Sherlock sleep. “I should let you get some rest then.”
Sherlock nodded, but remained silent – something he learned while working at Scotland Yard for the last month. Greg Lestrade had been calling them for help with cases every now and then. He and John were both honorary detectives at this point. From speaking with victims, suspects, and witnesses, Sherlock had learned that if you stay quiet rather than asking questions, people feel inclined to fill the silence and will continue talking on their own.
“No I wasn’t.” His demeanor had closed off again. He was back to peering into his microscope and avoiding John’s gaze at all costs.
He sprinted towards the doors leading to the pool feeling horribly empty and vulnerable without his gun in his pocket.
One was a blonde haired girl wearing a sleeveless, lavender dress that flowed elegantly to her knees. The other was a tall brunette with high arched eyebrows and bright lipstick wearing a short red and gold dress.
“Do you . . .” He leaned back and rubbed his hands down his thighs, obviously bracing himself to say whatever was next. “Do you think Mary is involved?”
So that was that, then, John thought. There was nothing more to read into anything Sherlock had said.
He dressed and freshened up in the bathroom as quickly and quietly as he could, enjoying his last minutes of solitude and peace. When he was finished, he knelt by the couch and gently shook John’s shoulder. John mumbled in his sleep before opening his tired, baggy eyes. It was a few moments before Sherlock could physically see the memories of last night dim the friendly twinkle in his eyes into a dull glare of discontentment.
“So you, handsome,” Julia drawled, turning Sherlock’s face towards hers with a long, slender finger. “I want to know why you’re here alone. There’s no way a gorgeous face like yours could be single.”
“Yeah, but my bag is heavy. Just hold them.” Sherlock huffed but allowed John to reach around his front and fill his pockets, ignoring the cabbie’s stares.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Sherlock bellowed furiously, clearly panicking. “Don’t just stand there, you complete fool! Prepare firearms! Arm your men!
He bolted up and snatched his phone out of her palm, the affection he felt for her evaporating as quickly as it had appeared. Behind him, he heard her curl back up into the sheets, chuckling merrily. “I think your boyfriend misses you, John,” she mocked.
“What, you think leaving my wife has left me so shattered I couldn’t be bothered to get out for a bit and help? You think you need to treat me like a child? Bringing me breakfast as if I can’t take care of that myself?”
“We need to dance,” he said as-matter-of-factly. His voice was absent of the adoration or sentiment that was there when John had asked him to dance at the last party.
“Well, erm. A minor incident occurred. Nothing to worry about. But Lestrade seemed to think it was necessary to phone you. I assured him it most certainly wasn’t, but he insisted. And when you didn’t answer . . .”
Before he knew it he was babbling out every detail of his marriage to Mary. How manipulative she was. How controlling she was. How he felt about the miscarriage and leaving her. All of it. Except the phone call from earlier.
The dog tags were yanked up in the air, bringing his neck with them and forcing his head to drop back. The chains twisted in the air, pinching his skin where they crossed.
“We’ll need to sleep on separate floors to monitor unusual nighttime activity to the best of our abilities.”
The cellar floor seemed damp and sticky. God knows from what. John had to duck throughout his exploration, as several broken beams and pipes hung low enough to hit his head.  Cobwebs filled every crevice and corner. Dust coated his lungs with every breath. It seemed no one had been down here in years. Everywhere his flashlight landed revealed either empty storage space or broken furniture.
“Yes, but what else do you have on Tony and Sean? Their motivations, how they know Evans, etc. What have you deduced?”
The portrait of Gina and William Walters had tumbled down from its spot above the fireplace, and now lay flat at their feet. John's spine tingled at the sight of Gina’s, small, stern eyes staring accusingly up at him instead of down.
Up on deck, Jackson held onto both of John’s arms, keeping him in place. Bolt stood next to them gripping the backs of Molly’s and Greg’s shirts.
“I applaud your diverse vocabulary as always, John. It’s nearly one in the morning and tonight has been eventful enough. So I say we head off to bed. Yes?”
He clenched his fists. It had always pissed him off when Sherlock shut him out, but this was different.
Sherlock turned his head to look at his second-in-command. “Sherlock. What do we do?” When he got no reply, he continued, “Shall we commence looting anyway? They might have valuables. And we haven’t pirated a single ship since John’s… Sherlock?”  He noticed the rest of the crew was looking at him excitedly, waiting for permission to chase the ship down and loot.
Goddammit, he thought as he watched Sherlock and Ray laughing heartily with drinks in their hands. He was hopelessly in love and he knew it. This was no longer just him repressing pent up feelings and attraction. He had it bad for Sherlock, always had, and it was screwing with his head.
He rose from the chair and picked up Sherlock’s hat from his desk before going back and standing between Sherlock’s knees. He placed the hat on Sherlock’s head and pushed his damp curls off his forehead. “Goodnight, Captain,” he said with a smile, and left.
“And are you planning to take captives, too? Take an innocent person who knows nothing your agenda and rob them of their entire life?”
Sherlock busied himself the next day researching the Walter’s family, specifically Gina and her children. He assigned John the task of finding everything he could on the town in the years leading up to her suicide.Turns out there had actually been several missing children named in the area at the time.  Gina’s missing child wasn’t an unusual case. Sherlock discovered that the Walters family had a history of various mental illnesses. Particularly an unusual number of schizophrenia cases.
Sherlock sat in stunned silence for a moment. He had half a mind to call Mycroft and tell him off for meddling in things that weren’t his business. He knew Mycroft paid no mind to boundaries, but this was far out of line. Though looking at John’s face, he didn’t seem too bothered by it. Rather, he seemed contemplative. Sherlock chose is next words carefully.
They had many lazy mornings like that. John never would’ve thought Sherlock would be one to idly waste time in bed for hours without a reason, but he loved it. It gave them both a break. Time to just enjoy each other’s company without the stress of their daily lives hanging over their heads. It was just them in their own little world of Sherlock’s bedroom . . . well, their bedroom.
Their teeth and tongues clashed as they kissed and panted into each other’s mouths, riding through their orgasms together. Finally, Sherlock collapsed on top of him, earning him a hiss of pain.
“The first night you were here I could hear you talking in your sleep.” John nodded. He knew he still suffered from nightmares from his time in Afghanistan. “I figured if I could drug you enough to reach maximum suggestibility, I could ask you questions. And in your state of drugged unconsciousness, you would have to answer honestly, as your responses would be taken directly from your subconscious.”
“Oh, come on, John. Think of the possibilities we could explore in shaping the human mind in early childhood!”
Tony rolled his eyes. John looked between the two of them, trying to work out the meaning of their exchange. The bank? As in The Bank of England? What did that have to do with anything?
Sherlock was quiet the whole cab ride home. John filled the silence by telling him all about Rick, Greg’s step-brother. One of the most interesting people he’d ever met. The guy could do it all. He trained exotic animals for a living. And in his free time, he travelled the world, both solo and with his band. He was truly fascinating to talk to. When he finished, Sherlock didn’t reply. He only kept looking out the window. John ducked his head to try to catch his gaze.
John would sometimes not be able to attend cases in their lives before the fall and Mary. When that happened, Sherlock would always text him an almost minute by minute update of what was going on, to the point of being annoying even. And John would always instantly jump in when he was available, already up to speed on everything and eagerly ready to assist in any way possible.
John saw Sherlock’s fingers tremble for a moment before they curled into loose fists. He pursed his lips, then nodded several times in rapid succession.
But eventually, the painful, stabbing emptiness in his stomach was too much, and he knew he was severely dehydrated. If the madman wanted to drug him again, he would be more likely to do it tonight instead of directly again in the morning. He decided to take a chance that the biscuit and water were safe and downed them both in a matter of seconds. Within a minute of drinking the water, which had an odd sourness to it, his headache was nearly gone. He silently thanked and cursed the pirate at the same time.
John was having none of it. “You right bastard,” he growled. He clutched Sherlock’s face and pulled him back in. This time he shoved his tongue in, using his teeth and lips to
He stopped abruptly in front of Lestrade. “Well there’s been a theft, Inspector. Are you going to do something about it, or are you just going to continue staring after Molly like a love-starved tit?”
“No, I’m not. You did what you had to do. Yeah, it nearly broke me to see it, but you didn’t have all that much of a choice. Plus, it was very short lived. Now if you had left me hanging there for, say, two years or something, then I just might’ve knocked you clean to the ground,” he said with a smile.
“Hush, John,” he said, and John ceased his chuckling. They locked eyes, pulled each other closer and stepped together in a smooth dance.
The man took a step back, more furious than ever. As he rolled his right sleeve up as if preparing to punch, John fixed his stance in eager preparation for a fight. Unlike yesterday, he had equal footing this time and wasn’t outnumbered. The man raised his arm, but something behind John caught his eye and he stopped, relaxing his stance. Curious as to why he stopped, John turned and saw Sherlock’s intense gaze zeroed in directly on the man behind him. His expression was not a happy one. He cocked his head summoning the man, who gave John one last furious glare before joining the captain at the bow.
“But it’s been years. And I’ve never heard a word,” John continued. “And I don’t think I ever will unless I reach out.” He paused for another moment, thinking carefully. “I don’t know. I’ll consider it.”
For a moment they just enjoyed this – the two of them back in Baker Street, back in their chairs by the fireplace and ready to take on the world. Small smiles tugged at the corners of their lips as they reminisced those old days.
“John,” Sherlock warned. He knew he wouldn’t want him arguing, that it would be better to just cooperate, but he didn’t care.
In fact, John spaced out so hard that he didn’t even realize when everyone else had finished eating and the table was cleared to make way for a skinny, silver briefcase. Sean opened the latch and lifted the lid, revealing rows of circular, colored chips and a deck of cards.
At this, Sherlock gave a tiny gasp, and looked up up at John, his eyes wide, vulnerable, and glistening with tears. A large lump bobbed in his throat as he swallowed tightly. The anger on John’s face from yelling at Mary softened into a small smile. A private smile. One that was reserved only for the person he loved most in the world.
He gripped either side of Stacey’s face, pulled her in, and snogged her furiously. She kissed him back aggressively, much to his surprise, running her fingers through his hair as he dominated her tongue with his own.
They looked at each other for a moment, dead serious. And then the corner of Sherlock’s lip twitched up, and they both burst into a fit of childish giggles. Once they started, they couldn’t stop. John clutched at his heaving stomach as tears formed in the corners of his eyes. Sherlock put the back of his hand to his mouth trying to contain his laughter.
It was then that he heard a small cough to his left. A tall figure stood in the shadows of the parking garage beside him. John looked between the men blocking his path and the man in the shadows. After studying the silhouette a bit harder, it finally hit him. He rolled his eyes and trudged into the garage. With each step, he conveyed how irritated he was until he was a few meters away from the shadowed man.
John could feel him relaxing his throat, breathing steadily in through his nose to allow him full access. When John’s full, impressive length was fully engulfed, they both moaned gloriously. Sherlock bobbed up and down with fervor, his hand roaming his thighs and arse.
When they stepped into their flat about fifteen minutes later, John stepped into the living room, where Sherlock had curled up in his chair.
Sherlock looked between her and the door. The woman anxiously searched the halls behind them, as though preparing for Tony to emerge from any one of them.
Hours later, after John has suspected night had fallen, he heard loud, slow footsteps thumping down the stairs that had led him to the brig. Sherlock Holmes turned around the corner and faced John, who was still lying in his cot. The pirate stood with his back straight and hands folded behind his back waiting to be acknowledged. John sensed his attempt at a power play and stayed staring straight up at the ceiling with a smirk, refusing to give in. A minute or so of this silence passed before the captain grew restless. He cleared his throat impatiently.
Sherlock looked him steadily in the eye. “I need you to go undercover. Go wait for the van and be Phil Reese. Be my eyes and ears at the motel just until we know enough to save St. Bart’s. I can’t do it because Evans already knows who I am, so it has to be you.”
“There,” he said with a satisfied smile. The dark, deep purple looked magnificent and utterly alluring against Sherlock’s pale, white neck, streaked with sliding raindrops. Sherlock smiled lovingly down at him as the shorter man cupped his face in his hands. “Perfect.”
Sherlock stiffened in the chair. That little nook was the one place in the world that belonged to him. It was dirty, cramped, smelly, and always wet, but it was his.
Suddenly, the deafening crack of gunshots pierced the air. One. Two. Three of them. He and Sherlock broke eye contact as their heads snapped to find the source. Jackson and Bolt seemed to respond to the gunshots as a signal, taking out black bandanas and tying them around their heads, guns aiming at the other crew members in threat. John frantically looked back to Sherlock for direction, only to find him looking elsewhere. He followed his gaze and saw Victor, staring defiantly right back at Sherlock as he took out a matching black bandana and tied it around his head.
K that's all! Thanks so much for reading, I hope you all are enjoying it, and please leave a comment if you can!! <3
Sherlock eased him to the floor and peeled his hands away from where they were clutched tight around his middle. His blood ran ice cold. John’s palms were coated in blood. Inside his jacket, a dark, wet circle stained his shirt. Sherlock’s heart froze, his ears rang in his head. He couldn’t form a single coherent thought.
At least, these were the questions keeping John up as he tossed and turned every night. He had known for a long time he was in love with Sherlock. Probably had been since they met. But never once did he ever think Sherlock might return those feelings. He had told him so on their first case. Sherlock didn’t do relationships. End of story.
“Victor, whatever our association may have been before is history now. You will do better to respect that and refrain from approaching my quarters for reasons unessential to running this ship. Is that clear?” Without waiting for an answer, Sherlock stormed off towards to stairs.
What he did not expect was to see Sherlock sitting cross-legged in the rocking chair over in the corner of the bedroom.
John drew up on his tip-toes, throwing his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders as they shared a tender kiss.
That very morning, a young woman had showed up to their flat, begging Sherlock to come see her late grandfather’s mansion in Manchester. Josephine was her name, John remembered. Josephine Walters.
“Oh, yes. But the host being arrested for multiple intentional manslaughters does put quite a damper on the mood. I assume it was canceled.”
He whipped out his phone and called Lestrade. When he answered, he jumped right into a rushed explanation of the situation.
He visibly trembled with frustration and pent up anger, and then threw the board across the room. The moment it hit the wall, they heard a low growl. Like the house itself was pissed. The vibration was quickly followed by the sound of an angry scratch and an invisible force shoving Sherlock onto the floor.
But his eyes returned to Sherlock not even a few moments later. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him in question.
“We’re breaking into Sean’s flat. He’ll be gone from 12 to 1, so we have a few hours to get ready and head over there.”
Lestrade came to visit the next day. They chatted while Sherlock ran down to the cafeteria to get them some food.
Sherlock barged into the lab of St. Bart’s. His long, black Belstaff coat – a gift from his parents – swished behind him.
This was the scar from the bullet John had taken for him. It saved his life, and for that, Sherlock found it beautiful, too.
They didn’t sleep. They stayed awake in each other’s embraces, staring at the ceiling, offering silent comfort, and wondering what the hell they were going to do tomorrow.
work for you.” Molly hugged his arm tighter and Greg gripped his shoulder in affirmation, a silent gesture that they were there with him till the end.
This time, it was comical the way Sherlock dramatically stretched his body horizontally on the chair and then curled into a ball. “Don’t want to. This week alone you’ve forced me to socialize more than enough for a lifetime.”
The man patted his back. “Chin up. You’ll find your thing. Everyone does. Maybe you’ll train a tiger too someday. Maybe you’ll settle down. Who knows?”
The boy smiled and joined in, obviously impressed at his fight. “Nothing left, nothing left for me to do.”
The sounds around him merged into a low, garbled mess, but his slow heartbeat pounded loud and clear in his ears.
“Of course you are. But here’s nothing in the fridge, I’m afraid,” he replied, pushing the damp curls out of his face fondly.
He plummeted past the ship’s several levels before smacking straight into the frigid cold water. The ocean violently tossed him around before he finally began to swim. The rope gave him plenty of slack as he wrestled the waves and called out Sherlock’s name.
“Don’t think I haven’t noticed all the little games you’ve been playing. With me. With Sherlock. All the little glances and the secret rendezvous. And the spying on me. I’ve just about had it. And I’m not putting up with you.”
“Nothing personal, Phil,” Tony said, now unzipping every pocket of the backpack he’d stolen from the real Phil.
“And that’s Sherlock, who you know, the captain. And that’s Victor next to him. His second-in-command.”
Sherlock subtly nodded towards the front entrance, where there stood a well-built, stocky man in a navy blue suit. From what John could see, he was fairly handsome.  He had chocolate brown hair, angular cheekbones, and a sturdy chin speckled in dark, well-groomed stubble. He couldn’t help but think he slightly resembled Moriarty, too.
"Sherlock?" The man was standing on the other side of the room, looking out the window. He turned upon hearing John's voice and welcomed him in.
John thought with a sharp ache in his chest how much fun they’d have if they danced. The blinking, colored strobe light flashed the silhouettes of the fist-pumping crowd on the walls around them.  The beat of the music pounding into their chests, the DJ, and the clusters of people waving their arms in the air. . .  it all looked so wonderfully enjoyable.
"I grew up and finished school on my own, hardly ever seeing my brother or any extended family for that matter. But I never forgot Jim Moriarty's name. It lingered in the forefront of my mind for years until I was old enough to pursue my own ambitions. I made it my life mission to find the man who murdered my parents, rob him of every valuable he owns, kill him, and leave the rest of his crew stranded with nothing to rot."
They slotted their legs together and used each other’s thighs for a bit of much needed friction. John shamelessly moaned as he ravished the mouth he had fantasized about since first seeing it. Sherlock gripped his head, returning his every move and hardly letting him breathe.
He hopped out and followed the same path he did all those years ago when he had been here with Moriarty. Adrenaline flooded through his veins, but not in the same satisfying way it did when he was on a thrilling case. No, this was a dreadful, burning ache in his whole body.
John glared at Sherlock as much as he could in the dark, but allowed him to comfortingly lead him back to the stairs by the small of his back.
They shared a warm, knowing smile. Last night, they had spent their first night together, and it was wonderful. They had familiarized themselves with each other’s touches, took their time making love, softly, gently. Afterwards, Sherlock had wept a little with the beauty of it, and John had simply held him. They drifted off together warm and content in each other’s arms and woke up just the same.
“Oh, sweetheart, I’m not finished. Giving you a little puzzle to solve and making your lives a dangerous, chaotic hell is Moriarty’s job. I want to make you suffer a different way. A more, well,
“No! You steer! I’ll take care of it!” John shouted. He knew Greg couldn’t hear him, but he seemed to understand and kept him death grip on the wheel. Victor, Jackson, and Bolt were now watching the events up at the bow as Molly rushed up to help John tie one end of the rope to a sturdy post near the ledge. Peering over the edge of the ship, John eyes desperately searched for any sign of Sherlock. But the turbulent ocean had completely swallowed him up. Molly made a motion to throw the remaining loops of rope overboard, but John stopped her.
“John, don’t you see? None of them have seen Phil in person. Someone is picking him up right here in five minutes to take him somewhere and give him extremely confidential information.”
Sherlock cupped his elbows in his palms and looked away. He hated to admit it but he felt slightly better than he did a moment ago.
“Yes!” Sherlock grabbed his shoulders in excitement. “Evans must’ve offered to pay them a generous amount.”
“Yeah.” He may have been drunk, but he wasn’t drunk enough to keep from reddening slightly in embarrassment.
"We go back a long way." He sat on the edge of his bed, clearly debating whether or not to share his tale. John slowly lowered himself onto the bed to sit next to him.
When he kissed his eyebrow, the one eyelid that wasn’t hidden in the pillow peeked open. John sleepily rubbed their noses together with a cheeky grin.
“It’s alright. We’ll get takeout.” He took Sherlock’s hand and started pulling him gently towards the door, his hopes for a wonderful evening draining.
“Believe it or not Gavin, I do have one or two useful tricks up my sleeve that don’t involve doing your job for you. Lower me into the well,” Sherlock demanded.
He peeked his head inside. Sherlock was facing the window in his blue dressing gown, the violin perched on his shoulder. His dark, ravenous curls were wild and tousled, as if he had been pulling at them in frustration. He stood with his back to John, looking out into the darkness of the night outside. The yellow light from the lamp cast a soft, warm aura around him. He seemed to almost glow in it.
“No. If they don’t have anything we need, we will leave them alone. Lestrade, change route.” The entire crew as well as Greg stood frozen in confusion at this change of procedure. “Now.”
“Yes, that sounds lovely! Let’s all four go,” Stacey piped in. John allowed himself to be dragged by his arm to the floor, following behind Sherlock and Julia.
And who knew? Once the ice was broken and they fell back into their usual routine, who’s to say they couldn’t take things a step further now? With Mary out of his life, their future was full of opportunity. Sherlock had definitely shown interest. All he had to do was return the advances, and see where things took them.
Three days later, John and Sherlock stumbled into 221B together, aching, exhausted, and worn. They removed their coats and shoes slowly and in silence. Sherlock then walked John into the living room - into their home - supporting him gently by the small of his back.
He wouldn’t lose John, he thought determinedly as he sprinted forward. Not when they were this close to the future he wanted with him, the future they both wanted. There had been too many close calls lately for this to be a coincidence. Too many almost-confessions from him and too many prolonged looks and unexplained emotions from John.
John’s stomach fluttered at the mere thought of it. All those years of longing, waiting, and repressing his feelings, it could very well all be worth it . . .very soon.
He picked up his pace, thinking John might have fallen or tripped. He turned the corner and froze with a gasp.
He pulled him back up as the soothing chords played around them. John rested his forearms on Sherlock’s shoulders and crossed his wrists behind his neck while Sherlock encircled his waist.
Molly was attempting to rub some warmth into Sherlock’s back when he looked back down. Greg had steered them out of the worst parts of the storm. The wind had calmed down and a light, cold rain shower drizzled down on them.
“Sherlock?” he called out anyway. No response. “Shit,” he muttered, and ran down the stairs dialing him again. “Sherlock, where the hell are you.”
Almost in an instant, something seemed to click and he began tearing away at the wilting, wooden boards.
reading that paper and attempting to hide your face while you lie to me about not knowing where they are.”
Saying he missed Sherlock was perhaps the understatement of the year, but it would have to do for now. It seemed to be enough for Sherlock, who remained frozen with his fork still in the air, his eyes now wide and glistening.
“I don’t know the details. But apparently he watched his parents get gunned down by pirates when he was just a kid. Never recovered. Closed his heart off forever and gave up on loving again.”
He wanted nothing more than to reach out and delicately stroke that bottom lip, to feel the warmth of his lifeblood underneath the skin. His gaze flicked back up to Sherlock’s intense eyes, focused back down on him and likely thinking the same thing.
“MYCROFT!” he had bellowed furiously, as he waddled over over to slam the door shut with his pants bunched at his ankles, tripping and falling on his face twice.
John’s hands reached down to grip his arse, pulling him in more. When Sherlock introduced the slightest hint of teeth, he gasped sharply. They really should move this elsewhere.
When John’s eyelids cracked open, all he saw was fuzzy gray. His head pounded as he remembered the events from earlier in the day. Victor and his boys rebelling against Sherlock, Molly getting shot, him getting chased down and beaten to a pulp, and finally being threatened in order to force Sherlock into revealing the location of something Victor wanted.
After a shaky breath, Sherlock spoke, his voice cautioning. “Victor. I know what you’re doing. You can’t. You’ll get yourself killed.”
“Do you believe me now?” he asked gently, his hand skimming over the bandages again. Sherlock’s bottom lip trembled, and he looked genuinely afraid. His face noticeably paled at the reminder of what had just happened.
Sherlock was already gone when John came downstairs the next morning. Most likely on a case, he figured.
“Erm, no. Well, yeah. It’s… fine. The next stop was supposed to be Angelo’s. So let’s just head there.”
Holy moly I am SO sorry for how long it took to post this last chapter! But here we are!! All finished, yay!
Sherlock swept in and kissed him hard on the mouth, pulling him in by his face. After a brief moment of initial shock, John returned it with equal passion, as if he had been expecting it. Gripping his curls, he stepped boldly into the kiss. Although he was shorter, he used his weight advantage to press him further into the table as he positively devoured his mouth.
He heard Victor’s voice again, more muffled than before. It sounded like he was giving an order, but he couldn’t make out what it was before he drifted into unconsciousness again.
Finally, they were pulled out of the well and collapsed together onto the grass. Sherlock fumbled to his knees, clutching at John.
Once they had food in front of their faces, the moment was lost. They ate in harmonious silence, their knees once again knocking under the table.
“That’s what I thought. It doesn’t suit you, hon. You seem more the sidekick type, if you don’t mind me saying. And a lousy one at that. I would tell you to choose your battles more wisely next time but the thing is,” he paused and let out a cruel laugh. “There won’t be a next time for you, my dear.”
“Fine . . . I just . . .” The voices chanting “It’s your fault” rang in his ears accompanied by the memory of Sherlock’s bloody head, and he finally broke.
“Sherlock, I forgot to mention yesterday. When I was in the cellar I found something too. Scratches in the wall. Too deep to be done by a human’s hand. Maybe an ax or something, I dunno. They spelled out the name ‘Christine.’”
The corner of Sherlock’s lip twitched up in bewilderment. “John,” he started, with an amused twinkle in his eye. “I was relieved. Not disappointed.” He gripped John’s wrists over his shirt and stroked once over the skin. “Never disappointed.”
John burst into his own fit of giggles, but was interrupted when Sherlock’s hand reached up and pulled him down too.
The door creaked open without invitation. The first sign of something amiss. Slow footsteps approached. Sherlock’s brow furrowed, his body tensing and alert. With a single look, they agreed to confront whoever was in their midst together.
Thanks for reading and for sticking with this fic as I always take forever to update! <3 I appreciate it!
As Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, the door burst open. Greg stumbled in panting. “Sherlock, Victor wants to see you up on deck." He allowed himself to gaze into John’s eyes a moment longer before reluctantly looking away and putting his hat back on.
He was about to when a glint of something shiny caught his eye. One of the skulls had a chain of dog tags tangled around it. Perhaps the child’s father had served. Who knew. But the child had died with the dog tags around his or her neck, and no one had bothered to remove them before stuffing them in wall.
“But anyway,” Mrs. Hudson continued. “After a few hours he finally managed to put together a decent batch! They’re in the oven now. We finished the cookies a little bit ago, too. He already sent those up, I believe.” She seemed to realize she had been rambling and cut herself off. “I hope you’ll be back soon, dear. I’ll be coming upstairs with the muffins in about half an hour with some tea.”
“John,” he repeated, before kissing him again, harder and hungrier than before. He pushed into his mouth, laving over his lips, teeth, and tongue. John gripped his head, pulling him in tighter. With this encouragement, Sherlock devoured his mouth with a carnal passion he never knew he could have.
What made it even more ironic was the use of a weapon with Beppo’s initials on them. That penknife had been his ultimate downfall. The last piece of evidence they needed before . . .
“Oh my god,” Victor stuttered, running his hands through his hair as he finally comprehended how unprepared he was for this.
John let that sink in. Sherlock was actually willing to die for him. They gazed out into the water for several minutes, content in their silence. John settled further into Sherlock’s chest and enjoyed the sound of the rolling waves, the crackling sea,  the rushing wind, and Greg and Molly’s cheerful laughter up at the wheel.
John’s head snapped up at the words that had first drawn him into Sherlock’s life. The invitation was written clearly on his face. The ‘You have missed this. Just the two of us against the rest of the world’ implied.
John smiled to himself, happy for them, as he allowed his eyes to drift back shut to the rhythm of Sherlock’s fingers combing through his hair.
John turned and sprinted as fast as his legs would take him. Jackson and Bolt had gained a frightening lead while he had stopped for Molly. They were also younger and faster than him. They would catch up eventually, but John planned to keep them running as long as possible. If it wasn’t for the adrenaline, he would have been long burned out, but he kept pushing.
John launched his tale, starting with Mary’s phone call on his first morning back in 221B. How she threatened to kill Sherlock if he ever got too close to him. How John tried so hard to distance himself to keep him safe. How it only made them both miserable, but he had no choice. How he couldn’t risk Mary finding out if he ever got help. How torturous it was to refuse Sherlock on so many occasions. How lonely he was all this time. How lost, and confused, and unhappy he was without him.
He pulled him back in close, their chests panting against each other. After a momentary pause, he ever so slowly lowered John into a dip.
But on the rare days when John woke up first, he took full advantage of it. He’d admire Sherlock’s sleeping form next to him, then teasingly drag him out of his slumber for a morning treat.
“But I know you’re not interested in that kind of thing. I understand and respect that, Sherlock. Trust me, I do,” he scrambled. “And if you want to forget about what happened, we can forget it and just be friends. We can continue exactly like we were before. We don’t have to-”
The razor sharp hiss of his words sliced into him. He pinched his eyes closed to hold back the tears threatening to spill.
“It’s fine,” she replied with a cheeky, knowing grin that slightly irritated him. “Yeah, they were an item once. About a year ago. But it’s ended now, don’t worry.”
"When I was fifteen, my family went out for a week on our cruise boat. Mycroft and I both groaned at our parents' need for a vacation. But the thought it would do us well to get away, so we were dragged along. On our fourth day out at sea, we were ambushed by a pirate ship, led by the infamous pirate lord James Moriarty. Mycroft and I watched as our parents were brutally shot and killed when they realized we brought minimal valuables with us on board.
“I, uh. I was wondering if, you know. If I could . . .” he trailed off, unable to finish for fear of rejection.
John squinted at them. Something seemed slightly off. Sherlock was acting way more drunk than he could possibly be. He had been with him the whole night and he hadn’t had anything to drink. There was no way he had gotten that tipsy in the few minutes they were separated.
“Anyway, Sherlock took what he wanted from the poor guy and dumped him. I mean, I guess we shouldn’t be surprised. It is Sherlock after all. But Victor still has a thing for him, I suspect.”
“Er, yeah,” John croaked back, his eyes back on Sherlock’s lips hovering over his. He cleared his throat. “Coming.”
After a moment of looking back and forth between them, she silently set the tray of cookies down and let herself back out, muttering something about “decency” and “two bedrooms.”
The last thing he saw as his eyes drifted shut was Sherlock glaring up at Mary with gritted teeth and raging fire in his eyes.
“I’ll leave you to it then,” Sean said. “The rest of us will be in the lounge until Evans gets here. You can join us, or not. Up to you.” The door quietly shut, leaving John all alone. His jittering nerves died down and were immediately replaced with a dull but painful ache in his whole body.
This is end of Episode One! Stay tuned for a rewrite of TLD coming soon where I will resolve everything, don’t worry :) Just think of it as the hiatus between actual episodes that end in cliff hangers!
Mary didn’t know the box existed. He kept it tucked in the corner of his closet under all those blankets because he knew she’d never have any reason go look there.
John felt slightly self-conscious being under such scrutiny. He knew his scars weren’t attractive, that he was past his prime, and had put on a few extra pounds over the years. He almost had to turn away, unable to watch someone as beautiful and ethereal as Sherlock inspect his ordinary, aging body.
John got a cab, went straight home. Once at the flat, he marched straight up to his room and flopped onto his bed.
Sorry that update took so freaking long!! You guys know my excuses by now. But one more month of this hellish schedule and I'll be free.
The first time they showed up to a crime scene holding hands, they received more than a few shocked stares from Greg Lestrade and Scotland Yard. “About time,” Sally had muttered under her breath. But since then, their excessive pet names, couplish squabbling, and cheek kisses have gone almost unnoticed by the team.
He tried to catch at least an hour of sleep, since he figured they’d be up late investigating. After attempting several positions, he scooted over to Sherlock’s side and gave his arm a gentle nudge.
“That’s, um, good.”  John knew he had noticed the absence of a ‘captain,’ but at this moment, he didn’t care. At this moment. He wasn’t ‘Captain Sherlock’ or ‘the great pirate Sherlock Holmes.’ He was just Sherlock.
The item underneath the magnifier was a file. John knew he really didn’t have time to be doing this, as Sherlock’s phone call had sounded rather urgent, but he took it out and opened it anyway.
Once they were far down the street, John looked up at the sky completely covered in dark, ominous clouds. “Well, there go my plans for the next stop as well,” he said miserably.
Sherlock flinched back slightly at this. “John?” he asked again, more cautiously this time. “What’s wrong?”
“I told you everything I’ve got.” John said defensively. He could practically hear the disappointment coming from the other line, and he couldn’t help that his heart sunk a little.
In a sort of compromise, John bent down and untangled the dog tags from the skull. When they caught onto another bone, he yanked in frustration, but a pair of pale, familiar hands quickly assisted him in freeing them. He put them around his neck and tucked them in his shirt.
John panted with need, squirming as Sherlock wriggled a fingertip into his arse. He groaned and reached back, fumbling into his drawers for lube.
The upbeat intro to “You’re the One That I Want” from Grease played, and everyone applauded at the familiar song.
Sherlock’s face reddened just as John’s had in Mrs. Hudson’s flat. They had only been dating a few months, and were still unaccustomed to casual kisses and touches, still getting butterflies as if it were the first time. Their hands met and interlocked between them as they shared a warm, knowing smile, both obviously thinking about how instantly infatuated they were with each other that night.
The lights above them flickered rapidly as they journeyed down the hallway. Moloch clearly did not like them being hot on his trail.
Sherlock thought perhaps it wasn’t the best time to say none of this would’ve happened if he’d just answered.
He sighed deeply rubbing his temples. If intimidation didn’t work on this one, which he should have been able to tell by how he responded to Jackson, he will have to try a different approach. As frustrating as it was, he saw this new prisoner as a challenge. And he looked forward to beating it. As he was about to open the door and turn in for the night, he heard familiar footsteps approach him from behind. He looked behind him down at the all too familiar brown-haired, stocky man.
John got up and made his way down the stairs, the guilt still settled in his stomach. He couldn’t pretend he hadn’t noticed the way Sherlock had looked at him last night, as well as the implications of the whole situation. Intentionally or not, he was leading Sherlock on, and it needed to stop.
“I… yeah,” he said, awkwardly rubbing the back of his head and looking down. The rain was quickly picking up, causing both of their thin shirts to cling to their bodies.  “Wasn’t a difficult guess to make, I suppose. With your old, damaged coat and scarf ‘going missing’ at the beginning of the scavenger hunt.”
The boy’s eyebrow cocked smugly as if to say ‘oh really?’ clearly thinking he was just playing along to his little act. Sherlock put a forceful hand on his chest and walked them back to center stage, showing him that he was most certainly
"Sherlock. You don't have to forget about a thing," he said running a hand through his curls and cupping his face. After a moment, the two of them smiled and broke out into a fit of childlike giggles.
“That’s what I thought. Of course you wouldn’t care how you’re hurting me. You never have. That’s why you left in the first place and only came back when you needed to use me for a place to live.”
“Be right back,” he shot and practically bolted out of the room. It was the kind of “Be right back” that meant he was leaving and not returning.
“Oh, look at you. You miss your mummy? Huh? What about your fat brute father? So pathetic… I wish I’d finished you all off right then and there. At least I’ll get to now. Your brother I couldn’t care less about. But you…” He reached forward to stroke Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock leaned forward and cautiously placed his hand on his forearm. He was thankful when John didn’t pull away.
Just as before, John’s outfit was laid out on his bed by Sherlock and ready for him when he got home from work.
“Are you referring to our newly advanced relationship, or Mrs. Hudson walking in on you sporting a boner in the kitchen?”
"Then Christine grew up and Josephine became the next firstborn in the bloodline. So Moloch set his eyes on her instead."
He dipped his head and began mouthing underneath his jaw, worshipping his skin. John sighed and rolled his head back in pleasure, exposing more of his neck. His eyes fluttered closed as he lost himself in the sensations.
A warm feeling blossomed in John’s chest at the sight. His heart fluttered at the thought that he was finally returning home. He dragged his duffel bags inside and cleared his throat.
When he didn’t respond, Evans sighed and nodded to Victor, whose entire face lit up like a Christmas tree. It was then that Sherlock noticed the baton in his hands. With a jolt of horror, he pressed back into the chair and shook his head.
“Hey listen, I think I should tell you. I don’t actually know anything about this Moriarty fellow, or-,”
He stood at the tip of the bow with his hands behind his back, just like Sherlock did. He wore a long dark coat, black boots, and a black hat with a red tie underneath it. From this distance, John could just barely make out a gold earring and some rather dark tattoos in various locations.
“The poppy seed muffins Sherlock and I have been baking! He said they were your favorite. I’m afraid they’re not done yet, dear.”
At some point in the night several hours later, he heard the door to the flat open and quietly close. John could practically hear the sadness in Sherlock’s footsteps as he made his way to his room and closed the door quietly.
“Have a seat, John,” he said, motioning to the armchair opposite him.  He walked over to the chair looking around the room. Sherlock’s room. The bed was large and much nicer than those in the cabins. The condition of his furniture was roughly the same though. Old wood with broken pieces, dents, and scratches. The maroon walls were chipped and fading, giving the room a rustic but almost cozy feel. And in front of the two armchairs was a roaring fire illuminating the place in a delicate, orange glow.
way. So know this, John. If you and Sherlock ever get together, ever . . .I will kill him,” she murmured, sounding unnervingly like Moriarty. “I don’t care what Moriarty’s orders are.  I will surely and absolutely kill him and finish him off this time. Let there be no doubt about that, John. I will. Kill. Him.”
Moriarty aimed his gun at him, and John stared right down the barrel. He squeezed Molly and Greg’s arms in reassurance, and closed his eyes. He pictured Sherlock’s beautiful smile, the crinkles around his twinkling, blue-green eyes, the lovely creases in his face, his plush, pink lips. He wanted this to the last image in his mind before he died. He tilted his chin up in confidence, took a deep breath, and awaited his fate.
Sherlock’s parents had come too. They both gave him hugs and well-wishes. Molly congratulated him as well, and as soon as she was done, John was nearly knocked backwards from the force of the hug that came flying at him next.
He spoke while tying his scarf around his neck, refusing to meet John’s eye. When he was finished he whipped out the door without waiting for a response.
"John, I just thought. Last night. You should know that, um. I understand. It's fine. I can just forget it ever happened, and we never have to speak of it again."
With horror, John only then realized that she was in fact holding his gun to Sherlock’s head. His gaze dropped down to Sherlock, whose widened eyes glanced up at him momentarily before looking back down.
disappointed with John (but let's be real. We all thought 'Cheating' on the soundtrack meant either this or a reveal that the baby wasn't John's). Regardless, I'd love to hear all your thoughts! Until next time ;)
It had been a few hours since John had saved Sherlock from drowning, and he still hadn’t been allowed to see him. Just as he was about to go demand to be included, Molly entered their cabin. “John, Sherlock wants to see you in the captain’s quarters.” Before John could ask, she cut him off. “Yes, he’s all warmed up and doing much better.”
John hung up the phone and slowly lowered into a chair at the kitchen table. Cold sweat pooled at his temple and slid down his pale white face. He placed his head in his hands and released a shuddering breath.
“As always,” he hummed and allowed John to press against his bare back and slip into a content slumber.
Some hours later, John woke to a room that felt like winter. He tucked his blanket tighter around his shoulders to block off the biting cold.
Because I'm such a nice person, I'm going to post the last chapter at the same time as this one :) You're welcome.
The voice of a man could be heard around the corner. But only one. It seemed like he was in the midst of an intense phone conversation.
John stared up at the big, beautiful idiot in wonder and let him babble on. The poor man looked like he hadn't slept a wink, in contrast to John's deep, happy slumber. His hair appeared to have been roughly handled and his eyes were bloodshot red.
He told her the meaning of their secret code word, used only in the most crucial emergencies. He handed her the key to playing them to her advantage, and now he, and most likely Sherlock, would pay for his mistake with their lives.
“Sherlock Holmes.” Their hands shook as they chuckled breathlessly at the absurdity of what they had just done.
“Don’t you dare fucking touch him!” John growled the moment his fingers came into contact with his face.  Moriarty looked at him with newfound interest.
After a few heated glares were exchanged, the three of them followed him out, leaving Victor and Leah behind. Tony knocked John’s shoulder as he brushed in front of him, then shot a scathing look over his shoulder John sighed defeatedly and rubbed the back of his head, wondering how on earth he was going to tell Sherlock that he’d managed to make not one, but two enemies here in the course of a single morning.
Sherlock’s pout deepened but he still didn’t respond. He continued staring at the floor, never once meeting John’s eye, with his hands clasped uncomfortably in front of him. The beginnings of tears seemed to be welling up in his eyes.
The entrance to the cellar was exactly as unnerving as one might expect it to be. It was so dark John couldn’t see where the bottom of the stairs met the floor. He used his flashlight to guide his descent.
“And we have our two singers!” The host stood between them and clapped them both on the back. He took in Sherlock nervously looking down and rubbing his arms.
It quickly grew darker outside, and soon the inside of the cab was only lit by the passing streetlights. The gentle back-and-forth rock had lulled John into a content daze while Sherlock sat beside him lost in his mind palace.
“Right,” he absent-mindedly agreed. Poppy seed muffins? He remembered he had off-handedly mentioned years ago that those were indeed his favorite. He couldn’t believe Sherlock had remembered such a small detail about him.
John looked up from where he was sitting reading the paper. They had barely communicated for days. Their conversations were limited solely to “good mornings,” “good nights,” and “I’ll be home later.”
“I only did those things because of you!” he exploded. And suddenly, it all came rushing out at once.
Sherlock was positively fuming now. His teeth were gritted and his chest heaved with rageful breaths.
Sherlock stepped in to hold him, swaying them side to side. Their hands met again and they stepped apart, their arms outstretched between them.
Angelo entered the waiting area and they both broke their gazes to look at him. John’s stomach growled expectedly, but he frowned at Angelo’s expression.
She bit into her trembling lip. “Three years, Jim!” she finally bursted. Once the words were out, the angry tears welled up, and her chest constricted. “No calls, no messages. Nothing!”
Once his heart had returned to a normal, steady beat, he evaluated his options: He could tell Sherlock what was going on. He always knew what to do and could help him out of this.
Well. The thought broke her heart just a little. After all, he’d been there for her when she had no one. But if Jim really was gone, there was nothing stopping her from living her life with John.
As they approached, he could feel Sherlock starting to push him ahead, ensuring that he would make it through first.
Sherlock smiled at him and set the boxes on the coffee table. He walked back to the door to remove his coat and scarf.
“Oh yeah. Met him yesterday. He and Sherlock, aren’t they…?” Molly looked at him curiously, and John realized how his inquiry must have been interpreted. “No, I just meant, I heard something…”
He reached out and ever so gently held Sherlock’s chin between his fingers, his breath ghosting over his lips.
Sherlock sat up and undid his own belt buckle and pants. He slipped them off, freeing his own hardened cock. After lubing himself up, he crawled back over John, his arms on either side of his shoulders. John spread his knees out even further as he positioned his cock at his opening.
Allowing Sherlock to spend the night with him? In his bed? He rolled onto his back and cast the crook of his elbow over his face. He had even woken up in the middle of the night. Why hadn’t he told Sherlock to leave?
"Mm?" John tried to reply innocently from his chair as he pretended to read the paper. Sherlock was standing at the entry of 221B with his shoes on, preparing to head out. When he was unable to find his coat or scarf, he turned accusingly at John, who was smiling into his paper.
“Sherlock!!” he screamed with all his might. He yanked again, realizing that Sherlock was two floors above him. He might as well have been calling for Lestrade back in London.
Time stopped. The world around him was silenced. The only sounds he heard were the horrifying echoes of the splash and his heart thumping in his ears.
“Sherlock,” he whispered, repeating the thought to himself over and over like a mantra. The man who was supporting his dead weight released him. He fell to his knees, his head still spinning.
“Thought I’d welcome you boys back from your trip with a fresh batch of-” She halted in her tracks and took in their tousled hair, flushed faces, and swollen, red lips. And then Sherlock’s open shirt and the fresh love bites decorating his neck.
“John, I got it!" Sherlock yelled when he finally got one foot through. He began widening the gap to be big enough for them to escape through. "Come help me!”
“Shut your mouth, you prat,” John growled, pulling Sherlock’s hair to the side and scraping his teeth along his jaw.
Sherlock flipped eagerly onto his back. In no time, John had swallowed half of him down, and began sucking hard. He looked up and watched as Sherlock moaned and arched back beautifully, displaying his whole body. Wrapping his tongue and around his cock, he lapped hungrily up and down. When Sherlock began squirming again, he closed his mouth around the tip and bobbed his head.
He offered a small, sympathetic smile at John’s slight wince. The worn man looked down into his hands. He seemed disappointed, but not surprised in the least. This was just another tally to add to the reasons not to trust her, just one more way she’d let him down.
“Oh, no you fucking don’t.” John leapt back inside to find Sherlock in a fetal position coughing and hacking on the ground, his figure barely visible through the smoke. He lifted Sherlock’s arms around his shoulder, supporting nearly all his weight.  With him safely in his arms, they dove back outside, collapsing onto the porch together.
Nothing was the same. And he could see in Sherlock’s eyes that he missed it too. Both of their smiles slowly faded out of existence, replaced with knowing stares. John was the first to break eye contact when it got too intense. He looked down for a moment and then redirected his gaze to the dance floor.
He adjusted slightly as to not disturb Sherlock and looked up. He had endearingly fallen asleep with his hands still loosely steepled, and his jaw hanging open. John smiled fondly and nestled further into his warmth before closing his eyes again.
“Phil, meet Sean and Victor,” Tony said once they broke apart, vaguely gesturing to the other two men. Sean and Victor approached, and immediately, John’s body tensed. He felt like the closer they got, the more they’d be able to see what a phony he was.
“Well, obviously not, John!” Sherlock leapt up and began pacing around John’s chair, thinking out loud. “But this does tell us more about Gina herself. Who she was. What sort of things could have motivated her. Tomorrow we’ll look more into the Walters family history itself.”
“Don’t worry,” he said. He had a surprisingly pleasant voice. Utterly charming. This did nothing to help the butterflies swarming in his stomach. “It’ll be over soon.”
Sherlock and Ray were standing in the middle of the room. Ray’s back was to him as he snogged him viciously and felt him up beneath his unbuttoned shirt. Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to John and widened in alarm when he saw him panting in the doorway with his gun.
One hand found a home in his curls, and the other roamed his muscled back. Sherlock was sucking at the base of his throat now, no doubt leaving a mark. John was ever so grateful for the wall supporting him, as his weakening knees would have definitely given in by now.
John knew he and Sherlock would have a blast if they went. If things were different. If they hadn’t grown so distant.
When Sherlock twitched in his sleep, he climbed on top of him, straddling his hips. He lowered himself down and began peppering loving kisses all over his neck and shoulders. Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he gave an annoyed little grunt. John chuckled and kissed his cheeks, his ear, the side of his nose.
Well, he had asked him if he had a boyfriend, and made it known he was glad he was single. Yes, that was pretty damning. What could he even say? He could deny like he had at the time, and then deal with Sherlock crawling back into his hole and closing off emotionally. He probably wasn’t used people not wanting him.
This weekend trip was last minute, but they had both packed their things by the time evening had rolled around and the sky had turned to dusk. They loaded their bags into the cab, continuing to check for all the essentials.
The delicate beam of sunlight peeking through the curtains teased John’s eyes open. The events of the previous night came pleasantly flooding back into his memory and he smiled sleepily to himself. He turned his face secretly hoping Sherlock would still be there, but was disappointed to see the other half of the bed empty.
John heart raced as he kept his ear pressed to the side door. His stomach was in a knot, and he definitely noticed how Sherlock did not correct them calling him lover boy.
Sherlock began turning towards his gun which was just slightly out of reach. “John,” he croaked, sounding like a garbled mess. But John hushed him and kept his head still with his hand. He didn’t want him moving much until he got that blow checked out.
I'm not the best with writing smutty scenes but I hope you guys liked it anyhow. John got what he wanted, and Sherlock finally caved :)
After what felt like several minutes, John felt a sudden dizziness overcome him, and he went weak at the knees. Sherlock felt his shift in weight and supported him in his arms.
“Sorry, mate. I have no idea. He’s never had to use methods apart from intimidation and rudeness to get what he wants. So this is new for all of us.”
Panic and dread rose in his chest before opening his mouth to try to back out of what he had just done.
He tested the strength of his restraints for the umpteenth time. He had been alone in this room for about half an hour, he predicted.  He was starting to get restless. His leg bounced in agitation. His heart raced with unchecked anxiety.
He could feel Sherlock’s warm breath on his face, as well as their combined heart beats racing against each other. The air was electrified with the heat between them in that moment and neither dared to break it.
“Ready?” Sherlock asked, pulling him back to the present. He opened the door, allowing John to climb in first. They settled in for the four-hour drive while the cabbie took off.
“No, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, pushing through the door. “I went home . . .” he trailed off as he looked around the foyer anxiously. “To my wife,” he finished, leaping up the stairs two at a time.
A very, very, very special thank you to those of you who have been keeping up with this fic and have commented regularly along the way. I had a lot of low points while writing this story. And there were times when my motivation was so dried up I seriously considered abandoning this fic because it was becoming more of a chore than a hobby. Your enthusiastic comments and excitement kept me going, and gave me something to look forward to each time I posted. I honestly don't think I could have finished it without you guys <3
“Yep. Born with it. Lips, tongue, and all. Oh, and would you look at that? You’ve got one too! Oh and look, everyone around-,”
This was pretty much the last "set up" chapter. I know there's a lot of being thrown at you guys here, and I hope it's making sense plot-wise, but now that everything's laid out we can get into the Johnlocky stuff! Thanks for sticking with it through all the nitty gritty plot set up :)
It was a little detail about their lives that they never talked about or shared with anyone. They knew it was one of the many little things they did that blurred the line between platonic and something more. It was better if they just didn’t mention it.
Sherlock squeezed his forearm. “As soon as we have what we need, she’ll be locked up and you can come back home where you belong. Until, then you just need to keep pretending everything is fine.”
“It’s not going to get rid of itself, now is it,” Sherlock mumbled teasingly, glancing down between them.
“Shut up!” Victor barked from the cannons. His hand fumbled furiously, trying to figure out how to work them. You’re not my captain. You had your chance, and you gave it up. This is my moment, and you will not steal it.”
“Sherlock, whatever you’re doing, whatever this plan of yours is, it’s not worth taking innocent lives. You’re better than this.”
“John,” he repeated. In his voice, John could hear the gentle reminder of a conversation they had had earlier.
“The ceremony, the picket fence,” Sherlock spat, uncurling himself and sitting up properly. “That’s what will make you happy, yes? If you don’t want it with me, then I do hope you’ll find it with someone else. In fact, I wish you the best in your efforts to find it.”
“Everything I ever did was so that I wouldn’t lose you, John. Everything.” The quiver in her voice didn’t fool him anymore, she was - above all - a liar.
Immediately, Julia threw her arms around Sherlock and pressed her whole body to him. He rolled his eyes and looked past her shoulder at John.
With that, Sherlock took John’s waist in one hand, held his hand with the other, and pulled him along.
“That’s it. We’re in,” he said, watching the desktop load. With each new icon that popped up, his leg seemed to jitter faster and faster.
After the attack had been stopped and Mycroft and Greg helped Sherlock and John get back on their feet, Sherlock felt it was only fair if Irene received the same help. He told Mycroft about her, and he got to work on wiping her record.
“Hold on a second, Sherlock,” Molly said. She straightened up and smiled playfully. “Do you really want to make up for calling me in to work on my morning off?”
John felt ashamed. Mary’s words made it clear that she and him had had some sort of secret agreement behind the scenes. Sherlock now knew he had been hiding something from him all this time and was clearly hurt that he hadn’t trusted him as a confidant.
John slid his hand over further so their fingertips barely grazed one another. Sherlock looked directly at their hands and then up at John. He had the most focused, intense gaze John and ever seen, and it was zeroed in directly onto him. With his pale skin, upturned coat collar, and dark curls delicately falling onto his forehead, he looked absolutely breathtaking. Shining against the midnight blue sky, the bright moon cast its delicate light down so Sherlock was almost glowing.
At least he had gotten home safe, John reminded himself. Still, he couldn’t toss the image of Sherlock’s deeply wounded eyes when he had left him on the floor out of his mind’s eye.
"As I've told you countless times before, I see no reason to bother with such pointless and tedious matters. Come on, we have a case."
About two weeks ago, he and Sherlock had been on a very dangerous case that involved a nasty fire. The outer clothes they were wearing became completely severely damaged. John replaced his coat, but Sherlock refused and stuck with a burned and charred coat and scarf.
“Stop it, Sherlock!” John’s voice shook as he fought back the sting of tears in his own eyes. He breathed deeply as he struggled to push back the memories of Sherlock’s faked death flashing through his mind.
Sorry super short chapter! But next one will make up for it I promise :) If you've been following along with the soundtrack titles the chapters are named after, you probably know what's coming.
“Yes, well . . ." Sherlock cracked a light hearted smile. "Good thing there’s no such things as ghosts, am I right John?”
"I know what this is about. It's that new cabin boy isn't it?" The other men murmured in agreement.  He assumed it was Jackson and Bolt.
“What the. . .” he whispered as he dropped to his knees beside Sherlock. Vomit seemed to rise in his throat as he rolled him onto his back. Sherlock blinked up at him. His pupils were so small they were almost totally shrouded by the blue. It took several painful moments for recognition to spark in them.
They never talked about it again after that night. Sherlock still had nightmares sometimes. And now that John understood the cause of them, he was able to help. But over the years, the nightmares occurred less and less.
But above all else, it was his facial expression that caused panic to rise at an alarming rate in John’s chest. Apart from his dark, dangerous-looking eyes, his entire face was completely relaxed. His stance was tall and looming, but at the same time… relaxed. This was a man that killed and killed again with no second thought. A man that held no regrets of the terrible things he had done. A man with no conscious.
“What you figured out about that Jackson bloke. It was extraordinary! You are quite the clever fellow.”
It was the softest, most tender kiss he had ever felt, filled to the brim with love, commitment, and certainty. He pulled back, pulling his bottom lip out with him as he did so.
When he woke the second time, Sherlock was asleep in the chair at his bedside. A soft grin grew on John’s face as he admired how calm he looked.
Their lives weren’t perfect. Sherlock didn’t expect it to ever be. They both had parts of their past that they couldn’t let go of, trauma that stayed with them, new problems that arose, arguments and insecurities. But even though things weren’t perfect, even though they still had a long way to go, Sherlock wouldn’t want to be anywhere else in the world than right there, playing the violin with John’s arms around him. And John felt the same way. Because even though the most dangerous, adrenaline-filled part of their lives might have already passed, they both knew this was just the beginning.
John laid himself out on the hard cot, trying to process everything that had just happened. He was being held captive on a pirate ship. And not just any pirate. Sherlock Holmes.
"Yes." John could tell from Sherlock's tone and demeanor that he was not willing to talk further, so he dropped it.
His head hung low, as if he knew he was wrong and couldn’t deny it any longer. John decided not to bug him about it quite yet.
“What? Oh, yes. No major damage done. Just a nasty bump is all,” she looked stunned at his inquiry, considering he was the one who had been shot. But then, she smiled as if understanding something for the first time.
Lestrade sent his crew off to chase the killer, but stayed back himself. He watched Sherlock embrace John so softly, so tenderly, almost like a lover. He scratched the back of his head uncomfortably, no doubt thinking of Mary and what she would think were she to see this.
By now, Sherlock was, at the very least, intrigued by John's little mystery. John smiled to himself from his chair as he watched his partner inspect the glove, his expression as focused and intense as if he were on a real case.
“It seems there’s been a slight mix up in the reservations for this evening. We have double booked your table by mistake. Any other day, I would give you two the best seats in the house, free meals, all of it. But you see, my niece is bringing her fiancé here for their anniversary. She’d never forgive me.” He looked at John an extra moment, begging for forgiveness with his eyes.
When John woke a few hours later, Sherlock was still in his bed. John was on his side, knees slightly tucked. Sherlock was behind him with one arm carelessly thrown over his torso, and his face buried into the nape of his neck. John was not surprised to see that he had been crowded to the far corner of the bed while Sherlock was splayed over the empty space like it was his own to claim.
“No. And I'm guessing Gina also tried to offer up all those other children as a substitute as well. But Moloch wanted Christine and only Christine. Perhaps the hackings in the cellar wall were a brutal reminder of that.”
“Well, I just don’t see how that applies to this situation,” he was saying. His long shadow leaked into the alley. “Maybe you shouldn’t be working for me then.”
John merely glared at him in reply. “Anyway, this does put a bit of a damper on my plans for the rest of the evening.” He looked up. Menacing thunder clouds were rolling in.
Sherlock evaded his teasing pokes to his ribs, and the two of them laughed all the way to the bedroom.
“Molly!” he called. “I need those feet! It’s urgent.” He clasped his hands behind his back and looked around the empty lab. “Molly?”
Finally, he moved lower and gripped two handfuls of his pale, plush, naked arse. Rubbing circles into them, he decided to try something new. He mouthed gently at the tip of his crack, then dipped an experimental tongue inside.
“No. Shut up, Sherlock,” John whispered against his lips. They both tightened their holds on each other and kissed again, slowly yet fiercely.
He peered down at her knowingly. “Isn’t that what you wanted? Why else would you have kept your guns and disguises if you really believed I was dead? Whether you realized it or not, you’ve been ready to up and run away from your life since you got married. You’ve never been truly happy here.”
Sherlock sighed into his pillow as John took his time sucking a mark into the tiny dip of his back, making him squirm.
John snapped out of his petrified trance and was all but shoved through the hole in the door by Sherlock. He tumbled out onto the front porch. Flipping onto his back, he gave himself a moment to breath in the crisp, clean night air, and cough out the last bit of smoke in his lungs.
Lestrade set them off sailing out into the open sea. John helped Sherlock wash up and change out of his wet clothes before standing with him at the edge of the ship. He stood in front of him leaning back into his chest, the pirate’s long arms tight around his body.
“Well, shit.” This certainly explained why strange things had only happened to him. Nothing happened to Sherlock until he chucked a Ouija board across a room.
John’s vision went hazy with jealous fury. He just might’ve knocked the table over in a fit if Sherlock didn’t firmly push her away by her shoulder.
The blonde man hauled him to his feet by his armpits saying, “Up you go.” John was not self-conscious of his small size, but he did not appreciate others using it as an invitation to talk to him like a child. As the blonde man began to search him, he stuttered, “Yeah, just a minute… I should probably tell you…” He pulled John’s gun out of his back pocket and looked at him accusingly.
That night, Sherlock came down to see John in the brig again. “What is it with you and your need to pick a fight with everyone you speak to on this ship?” Surprised at the lack of resentment in his tone, John looked up to see that he had been teasing. And with him, he had a bowl of soup.
“Oh, come on John! We could use a little weekend getaway. Besides, it’s not like anything else of interest has come our way in weeks.”
Understanding set in with a pang of guilt. Of course, he should have realized. Sherlock, like anyone, has his issues, his danger nights. His moments of temptation. But he was resisting the urge to use.
His heart dropped as he slammed the door to their living room open. The lights were off. Complete silence. The flat was never this . . . empty when Sherlock was home. Even if he was just laying comatose on the sofa, he somehow still made his presence known to everyone that entered the room.
At the sound of his near-panic attack, Mary chuckled. Blind rage boiled in his stomach as his wife made light of almost killing the man he loved. “So…” She continued. “Last chance, John.  You can come back to me or face what’s yet to come.”
Day in and day out, he continued to work with Molly on various tasks. Her main job as gunner was to keep track of all firearms on board. She showed John where the guns were kept, how to work the different models, and how to use the canon. When they weren’t working with firearms, she was showing him around the ship, doing random odd jobs or carrying out Sherlock’s requests.
He cupped his face in his hands. Why the hell had he just jumped into the ocean during a raging storm to save his captor’s life? He very well could have died.
John stomped forward. He grabbed the back of Sherlock’s chair and swung it around so he would be forced to face him.
What John expected when pulling Sherlock away from his microscope was an angry detective on his hands. What he did not expect were clenched eyes, a red nose, and shiny, tear stricken cheeks.
The cab ride had been forty minutes of John trying his hardest not to gawk at the gorgeous man beside him, all while their legs were pressed snugly together. He tried looking down at his lap but got distracted watching Sherlock rub his hand up and down his own thigh very slowly. When that became too much, he had settled on staring pointedly out the window for the rest of the ride.
How dare she, John thought. How dare she make their first kiss, soft and chaste in the privacy of their living room, sound like the result of some sort of dirty, animalistic sex drive.
“That day at the club? I didn’t actually want to dance with Julia. I wanted to dance with you!” He pointed at him and burst into laughter as if this were the most plot-twisting reveal of the century.
“He meant those of us who are actually part of the crew.” He and Greg hauled him down the mini flight of stairs and into the captain’s quarters. Jackson and Bolt followed, leaving John and Molly.
“Sherlock . . .” he mumbled either aloud or in his head. The sound of a gun reloading echoed faintly in the distance.
“Hey, you two,” he said, addressing him more than the blonde boy. “Don’t be nervous. Just go for it. Have fun!” He gave the two of them a once-over and chuckled. “Besides, you might thank me for this one day.”
In the weeks and months to come, John’s wound healed over completely, leaving only a small, shriveled up, scar in its place. He was soon able to start moving normally again, going on cases with Sherlock, and sleeping with him regularly. And boy, did he make up for lost time.
With his last remaining ounce of willpower, he dialed 999. His trembling hand then dropped his phone, and he let all the strength deflate from his body as he lay on the floor in a growing puddle of his own blood.
Sherlock kissed him all over his belly, caressing the soft plushness he had acquired with age. His fingertips stroked and grazed every bit of skin they could reach. He sucked the side of his waist, leaving several marks and wet stripes. After pressing slow kisses around his navel, he delivered a hard one directly over it, flicking his tongue inside.
She was cute, he thought. More than cute. She was beautiful. He allowed her to snuggle up to him, giggling and smiling radiantly at everything he said.
The light drone of the ceiling fan lulled them into a drowsy daze. John’s eyelids grew heavier by the second, his blinks slower, his mind hazier. He would fall asleep any minute.
Ice cold panic shot through his veins as complete darkness engulfed him. He rushed forward and pulled at the handle but it was like something had bolted it shut.
“The two of you seem to be back on your feet. I have no doubt your. . . unfortunate pasts will soon be a mere blip in your memories. But Sherlock remains prone to, well, acting erratically. I worry that sooner or later he might relapse to . . . past habits. Though I don’t think he would appreciate me asking about it. Or watching him. Or anything of the sort.”
His body began to spasm as it panicked and tried to save him. His lungs burned violently in his chest. At once, he couldn’t hold out any longer. He felt himself drift backwards in the water as his back collapsed against the wall. Sliding down the rocky surface, he tried holding onto his last bit of consciousness before slipping into darkness.
“You could start clean. We could make new lives for ourselves and be together. Is that… is that something you would want?” John asked cautiously.
Sherlock only glanced at him out of the corner of his eyes. John shook his head and turned to face his own window.
But then Sherlock Holmes had turned up alive, on the night John was going to propose to her no less, and ruined everything. She heard from Jim what this man could do, and she knew fooling him about who she really was would be no easy task.
He internally groaned again and looked around the cell. In the opposite corner, Greg was re-wrapping the bullet wound on Molly’s shin. Both were spotted in purple bruises and scratches, but seemed to be holding up okay.
The current song ended, followed by a few moments of awkward silence and shuffling before the next one played.
“Let there be no doubt about that, John. I will kill him . . . I will burn the heart out of you . . .”
At last, three rapid knocks on the front door broke the spell. Sherlock reluctantly pulled away from his lips with a look that somehow combined curiosity and seething fury at whoever had interrupted them.
This stopped Sherlock’s broken sobs abruptly. “Love?” he asked with his eyes. To be honest, John didn’t even mean to say it. It had just sort of slipped out.
“It’s fine. I’m not missing out on anything back home. A dull life that was. At least being here has been interesting.”
“Don’t you worry about a thing. I’ll get you out of here. Breathe, John.” With that, he dove underwater, crouching at his feet.
Sherlock took one arm off John’s back and cradled the back of his head, pressing his face further into his shoulder. He was probably smothering him, but at that moment, all that mattered was that he was here. And he was never letting him go. Not ever again.
Molly and Greg enclosed tighter around John, the three of them forming a triangle of sorts and clutching each other for security. Moriarty’s cold gaze fell on them as he stroked his stubbled chin teasingly. Around them, his men prepared their guns and waited for the order.
From the moment John left, Sherlock had wanted to call off the attack and go after him. But he thought it best to let the man cool off. After waiting an hour or so, he sent Molly to fetch John so he could tell him he called it off. He waited in his room for a minute, five minutes, ten minutes. While sitting in the same armchair as he had when John came the last night, he peered over at the empty one across from him.
He stood right in front of him with his arms crossed, ducking his head a bit to catch his eye, but Sherlock still hardly looked up.
He turned around without waiting for a response from Mycroft and found the exit still blocked. After a moment, the two men still didn’t move. John gave a frustrated sigh and turned back around to find Mycroft grinning strangely at him.
“Yes I did. And I would do it again.” He punctuated each sentence with a kiss. “And again. And again. If it meant saving your life.”
“One more time, Sherlock, before I beat his head in again. In front of you this time,” came Victor’s voice from behind him. The sound was muffled in his ears, as if he were listening from underwater.
“I’m glad you didn’t. Mine looks better on both of us anyway.” With that, their lips crashed together. John pulled Sherlock’s face in as close as he could get, his tongue lapping against his already wet lips. He licked his was into his mouth and dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s wet and flattened curls, holding on tightly. Sherlock leaned over John and pulled him in even closer, slightly dipping him. He held his coat tightly around John and supported him by his back. John’s arms wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders and the back of his head as they kissed on.
Sherlock caught his eye and began backing up to the bedroom, the invitation clear in his twinkling, mischievous eyes. John followed without hesitation, unbuttoning his shirt as he did so.
“So,” he started, clearly amused at the sight of the three of them huddling together on the floor.  John, still weak and limp from Sherlock’s death, was heavily leaning on Molly for support.
“Yes, well . . .” he trailed off, his face red as a tomato at this point. They met eyes and burst into shared laughter at the memory.
“Don’t worry about it,” John said. “Not everything can go exactly as planned, I suppose. You sure you’ll be alright?”
With the gun safely aimed away from him head, John lunged forward. He wrestled the gun out of Mary’s hand with difficulty. She gripped his hand and fought back, cracking down on his wrist and kneeing him in the stomach. He nearly lost it then, but he held on. In the midst of their grapple, it slipped both their grasps and slid across the floor.
he reminded himself. It was much easier to think of them that way. He now understood why Sherlock tried so hard to disassociate from the clients and victims he worked with.
They continued walking down the dark, deserted street as soft raindrops began to fall lightly on their heads. A hint of thunder echoed in the distance, but the heat of the storm was still far away. Sherlock watched the collecting water gush over his feet as he stepped, still unsure of what to say to John. How to express his genuine gratitude for all he had planned. How to convince him of how much he truly enjoyed deciphering his clues. And how he wouldn’t have wanted to spend his birthday any other way, or with any other person.
As the song neared its end, John looked up into Sherlock’s eyes to find his intense gaze on him once again. His heart welled over with emotion and love.
The side door opened, and in walked a very tired pathologist. Molly slipped her white lab coat on and walked in, dragging her feet behind her. Her long hair was in a lopsided ponytail. Dark bags hung under her eyes, and her eyes were squinted, as though the harsh white light bothered her.
When John awoke from one of the best sleeps he had had in a long while, the events from the previous night came crashing back into his memory. With a content smile, he burrowed himself further into the sheets, warm  , comfortable, and with no intention of rising. Of course, Molly's loud, morning enthusiasm nearly forced him out of bed within ten minutes.
