But when he sees Cas explode with his own eyes at the snap of Lucifer's fingers, he feels it. There's a lot going on but the moment it happens pierces through everything and Dean feels it deep in his chest. It's like all of a sudden a huge part of him feels empty -- there's an absence, a void, a huge gaping hole. His shoulder feels so cold the second that Cas dissolves into nothing that he gasps. But there's no time -- there's never enough time -- and all Dean does is continue his chant of
"I'm human now but...I can still see your soul, Dean. But only yours. I guess my version of the soulmark is just that." Dean feels his cheeks heat. Just that?
"I'm going to go, but I'll be back tomorrow to say bye to everyone before they leave," he says, breaking his conversation with Cas. He smiles at Dean then, knowing and soft. "Thanks for inviting me."
. Out of habit he reaches his left hand under the collar of his shirt to rest on his shoulder -- something he'd started doing when he was alone not long after he clawed his way back to life -- and he finds his skin so smooth he almost drives off the road.
"Dean," she whispers. He knows she's barely touching it but even still her palm feels like a heavy thing, and Dean finds he has to swallow before he can answer her. "Don't," he breathes out. "It doesn't matter." Because Dean is desperate, Dean is lonely, Dean is barely hanging on these days. "But...this is..." Anna stops herself, looks at him. "You know what this is." Dean jerks his chin up once before reaching over to gently but firmly grab her wrist and bring her palm up to his face instead. "Doesn't matter. Never played by destiny's rules, not starting now." His voice is rough from what they've been doing but also because every time he tell himself this lie it doesn't seem to get any easier. Though Anna's pupils are blown, Dean can tell by the downturn of her lips that she considers naming what --
Cas flashes him a smile at him, sweet and quick before looking serious again. He leans forward on the table, one hand reaching out slowly, slow enough for Dean to pull away. Though his breath hitches, he doesn't move, and Cas folds his palm over Dean hand where it's clutching his glass. "Soulmates and soulmarks and profound bonds aside, Dean, I'd choose you every time. Without any of that. I chose you without realizing it, back when I pulled you out. But every time after that was on purpose. With purpose." Dean feels his nose start to sting because,
But sure enough, he gets the call and then he's driving, blowing through backroad stop signs and red lights and ignoring speed limits, driving to a god damned payphone and there, underneath the street light like the second fucking coming is Cas. Dean breathes. He lets the warmth in his chest flare and spread and grow.
. But that's just how Dean's life goes right?
Reunions are nothing new to Dean, especially when it comes to Cas, but he lets this one soak over him like hope itself when they find him by the river. Touching him is as it always is -- a part of Dean's brain sounds the alarm as the piece of him marked by Cas sings, warms, preens. Maybe when they get out of here he'll do something about that.
And then, one day, it's over. All of the bullshit parts of their lives that have been haunting them for years is done with. Sure, there will still be hunts  and people will still get hurt. They'll lose sometimes, because when has winning ever worked out for them. But fuck, thinks Dean, it sure feels like they won.
Dean sighs, stalling. "Bastard is off somewhere rotting and we're still talking about him and all that he did to us. Figures."
"So," he said from his place on the bed, "do you have one?" The kid was eager, bless him.
"Did I ever told you what Chuck said to me right after Jack took the reigns?" he says instead. Dean traces the rim of his glass with his index finger and tries not to wish he was holding a beer bottle so he could pick at the label.
Dean looks up and Benny's got a neutral expression, as if he knows Dean wouldn't be able to take his pity. "Whatever works, man. If you say he's out there, I guess he's out there."
So it fucking goes when Dean and Cas have what Dean considers the shittiest vacation ever in Purgatory. Every single day, he's sending out prayers like it's the god damned
Fuck.
"Well I guess I don't have to tell you how it felt, right?" Dean says, quiet. "How it felt...cold, dark, empty. Like I felt you take a part of me with you when you'd leave. And when you'd come back it was like breathing again." Cas squeezes his hand.
The air leaves Dean's lungs.
Dean would be lying if he said he didn't know whenever Cas blipped back into existence every single time. But damn, he doesn't want to make a big deal of it because what if he's wrong? He's never told anyone about what he thinks the handprint was, what he thinks he and Cas must be. Not least because it sounds crazy even for him -- hey Sammy, I think our best friend, you know the angel of the Lord who pulled me out of hell, might be my soulmate! And, get this, man, I think I'm in love with him!
"Dean," Cas replies, and Dean looks up. As always, Cas's gaze is steady, totally focused on Dean like he's the only thing in the room. His chest throbs with the same sweet, warm ache he's grown to treasure. It takes him a few seconds to snap out of it, but Cas has always been patient with him. Especially when he didn't deserve it -- which, Dean knows, has been most of their time together.
but he says
"How do you know he ain't dead yet?" Benny asks him, cleaning his blade on the shirt of a leviathan he just sliced.
Dean tries not to think about what he has lost as he lies in bed next to Lisa. But he can't help it -- his whole life is carved around the ghost of a woman who never really existed the way anyone remembered her and and so what else is there to do but think about what's gone and how it's his fault? He deserves the blame, he thinks, but Lisa and Ben sure as hell don't deserve to deal with him as he carries it around like a fucking albatross. So while he thinks about Sammy and Dad and Adam and the whole damn world, he does a bang up job not thinking about how that empty space in his chest isn't empty anymore, hasn't been since Cas popped back into existence and laid two fingers on his forehead. So when he leaves the little house and the lawn he mows every Sunday and the kid he's begun to think of as his, Dean isn't sure exactly how to rationalize it other than that kind of life was never going to be for him. Not that it did much good for them, in the end.
Hands only trembling a bit, eyes stinging, Dean lifts the tangle and brings it towards him, softly, slowly, to press a kiss to Cas's knuckles.
His handprint is gone.
Dean will never know what he would have said, though. Because Cas is dead and God himself is out to get him and fuck if he doesn't want to just go down swinging.
And fuck if the look in Cas's eyes over the fire Dean put between them -- or did Cas do that? --  doesn't haunt him when Cas walks into the river, evil itself leaking from his eyes, his ears, his mouth. Dean stands on the bank, picks up the trench coat that washes up at his feet, and thinks that he should have been used to the deep, endless pit he feels, the phantom burn on his shoulder, since he's felt it before. But it's as fresh as ever, fresh enough that Dean clings to the coat and wonders if he should have said something, because this time it felt like Dean had something to say. But as always, there was no god damned time. And so instead he carries the coat with him and doesn't think about how it's as close to a handprint as he can get.
And Cas. Next to his son, casual and relaxed in his combo of the new jeans they bought this week and one of Dean's shirts. The sight of him makes Dean breathe easy as anything. And he realizes that he wants to talk to Cas about it. The handprint. Somehow they never have, still throughout all the shit they'd been piled in over the years, even in that room when Cas told him everything else, even when Dean's bloody hands gripped him tight and pulled him back to life -- but what's stopping them now?
"It was the same for me, Dean. I felt it too, when you died. Which, I'll remind you, you are rather good at doing." He smiles, but it doesn't reach his eyes.
, if that doesn't make his heart ache.
"We love you, Jack," says Cas. Jack raises his hand in a wave and disappears.
When Anna straddles him in the backseat of Baby, she stills at the sight of the handprint on his shoulder. Carefully, almost reverently, she presses her palm to it. Dean doesn't have to look to know that her hand doesn't come close to filling it.
Looking very intensely at his hands, Dean says, "Well. Chuck then says something about how you...always fucked shit up, showing up over and over when he didn't put you in the story. And the worst one was you...marking me. He was so pissed, man, and he uh, he said that you shouldn't have been able to mark me at all. That I had been made unmarkable, or some shit. That because heaven didn't give us the official pass it shouldn't have happened."
This death feels different. Maybe it's because Lucifer did it, maybe it's because Cas was supposed to be here for this part of the fuckery. Maybe it's because Dean doesn't see a way out of this one -- God sure as hell isn't going to show up and put things back to rights now. And who else have they got on their side? No one. Dean falls to his knees -- always on his knees -- and lets the coldness inside him spread. His shoulder aches in a way it hasn't in years. He brings his hand -- he's shaking, ears buzzing, barely noticing as Sam runs back inside to deal with whatever they've got to deal with now -- and brings it to Cas's face. He's already cooling, leaving Dean behind in this life that's now firmly a mirror of his father's. He's lost what he cares most about after all, and it's clearer than ever that he'll never get over it.
Dean starts. "Is?"
"Cas, I just...fuck, man. I love you so much I don't know what to do with it. You know that, right?" Cas's eyes look a bit glassy, but he's smiling softly at Dean, like this is the least surprising truth in the world, like Dean has just welcomed him home after a long day with open arms.
And in the middle of it there's Cas, it always comes back to Cas, pulling away from him but Dean doesn't want to think that it's what everyone says, that he's being betrayed and blindsided and Cas is a turncoat in a tan trenchcoat. And then it is what they all said, and he's had to trick his best friend into telling him the truth and all he can do is walk away. But fuck if his shoulder doesn't burn -- why does it keep doing that if he's been wiped clean? -- and it sure as hell isn't the holy fire he's used to trap Cas, to get him to tell Dean he's been right to trust him, that he was right to believe in him. And so he turns back to look.
"I've been choosing you, too. Every damn time. You get that?" Cas squeezes his hand and Dean brings his other to cover it. "I know that it's almost never been enough, and almost always too late, but I do. And I...want to keep choosing you." Cas looks like he wants to protest , but lets Dean continue, His nose is really stinging now because fuck if this doesn't feel like the biggest thing he's ever done.
"Of course I do, Dean," he says, and Dean feels like he's choking on the earnestness of Cas's voice. "How could I forget?" He smiles something sweet and small, a smile Dean is getting used to thinking is only for him. Because they've been doing this dance for a bit now -- no, they didn't talk about Cas's confession when they yanked him back from the Empty, human and exhausted. They didn't talk about it when Jack explained how they did it, that Chuck was gone and what he was doing in heaven and all the rest. But the past few weeks have been anything but the awkwardness Dean imagined. Instead, it's been something soft, something sweet. It's been coffee in the mornings and laundry in the afternoons and buying herbs and walking Miracle and Sam and Eileen organizing the bunker and Cas watching reruns of the X-Files and Dean watching him. And Cas smiling at him like he's doing now over steaming cups, in the aisles of the grocery store, across Baby's front seat, in the dark while they're washing dishes. And Dean...well. Dean knows that Cas knows. But he wants to talk about it because they've spent a long time not saying what needed to be said and Dean thinks that Cas deserves to hear it.
, not for the last time, he's sure, and he'd make a dick joke but it would feel insincere because since when has kneeling before Cas felt anything less than holy -- waiting for death at the hands of the one who brought him back to life, he wonders at how the bond wasn't enough to save them.
"Is that why you took it away? When you healed me?" Just as before, just as in all of their conversations about things that aren't about this, Dean doesn't need to clarify. Cas is right there with him, knowing what he means.
But thinking that he could have something good seems to summon the wrath of the universe that hates Dean so much, because then he ruins it all. He knows, he
"Cas," he breathes out. What is he supposed to do now?
So once he's back on the job, every time Cas touches Dean's shoulder it feels like it did before; warm, pulsing, plucking a string deep inside of him. But Cas says nothing, so Dean says nothing. Much easier to imagine burying it in every grave he digs, burning it with every ghost ganked, washing it away with every sore, exhausted shower. But Dean knows better. His shoulder is clear, but he's pretty sure whatever makes him feel the loss of the handprint keenly has burrowed its way much deeper, seared its way onto whatever mess resides within his chest. Dean doesn't want to go so far as to say that he has a soul, but whatever it in its place sure feels fucked up. And he hates it. But there are things to do, monsters to kill. A fucked up brother to deal with.
knowing that he won't get a reply. But as long as that piece of him throbs, aches, pulses, he knows that Cas is alright.
He's leaning against the wall in the war room, listening to everyone he loves talk and drink and laugh. They'd all been working hard the last few weeks, researching and worrying about him, though he's sure they think he didn't notice, and it had been a god damned success. Cas was back. Everyonethought that was worth a party and Dean can't say he disagrees. He takes a sip of his beer and looks at his family: Sam and Eileen interested mostly in each other in the corner; Claire and Kaia and Patience and Alex laughing loudly with Charlie at one end of the table, Donna and Jodi and Bobby at the other.  Jack, leaning on the metal beams opposite Dean, looking at everything with a sweet, boyish smile on his fact. God, thinks Dean. Literally.
It swings open to reveal Gabe who gives a big, toothy grin. “You’re here!”
I wrap a towel around my bottom half and so does Cas.
and I, well...I love it.
At the mention of this, something catches the corner of Cas’ eye under the table. It is indeed his nephew, William, hiding.
“What about Divergent? Cool heroine lead character.” Claire claims.
However, when Dean stands straight and trails his eyes over the field of disaster, he hardly knows where to start. It just goes on and on;
“She said we should start over. I’m more than willing to do that.”
“Goddamnit.” Cas huffs, feeling a slight feverish shiver rattle through him as well. “Why do I exist.” He groans, fed up. He’s completely done with all of this shit.
I run my hand up and down his dick at the same time I push in and out, earning a pleasured squeak from the angel. I can feel his muscles tensing around me inside him and he grunts before letting out another moan.
“I will.” Cas agrees, finding Dean’s hand to squeeze it before he lets go. Dean stands up.
“All right.” He agrees, making eye contact with Dean. He hopes that Dean doesn’t feel hurt after Jimmy ignored him - it’s just how it is. Ninety nine percent of the time, if Jimmy is upset, he wants Cas. He guesses it’s because that’s all it’s ever been. It’ll take a while for Jimmy to get used to being able to go to Dean for comfort too.
Cas looks at her and Dean and Gabe slowly, slowly urge him forwards. They help him down a step, and then another one.
Dean nods, letting him carry on.
Cas shrugs “I thought maybe he won’t since we’re not going on it, but since he’s getting on well with Jack, he might be okay if he has my mom and Gabe on there with him too.”
Cas woke with a start, feeling his body flinch and his lungs’ little gasp for breath.
“I’m sorry Dean.” He mumbles, not making eye contact with me.
“Don’t believe the voice Cas.” He whispers into his friend’s ear. “Because it’s not true. It’s not true.” Dean loosens one of his rms around Cas to rub his back
As for the truths he needed to come to terms with and get in the open, there were problems with that. He would burn all of his bridges by admitting said truths. Being in love with Dean since their second shift together had been his secret for a very long time. It was incredibly daunting.
“I miss Jimmy but...it’s kinda nice just being able to talk to you and chill. Just some alone time together, y’know?” Dean murmurs.
When we get into town, Sam goes to the local grocery store to pick up a couple of bottles of water while I stroll back over to the area around the crime scene. I know there will be nothing here, but that thought doesn’t really cross my mind because of thoughts of Cas. Since he didn’t answer our prayers last night, he is the top priority. We
When Cas realised he’d bitten Dean, he stopped straight away, seeing the red mark he made. He decided to lick over it slowly, soothing the skin and a moment later he felt Dean’s hand at the back of his head, running through his hair.
. Cas doesn’t need to be embarrassed about
Cas shrugged. “I think maybe about how college is going. And that I am actually starting to sleep normally. Not working nights is really helping. And I need to talk to her about what Naomi said to me when I was younger – I think I’m ready to talk about it.”
“Okay.” Cas murmurs, standing up before lifting Jimmy into his arms. He moves Jimmy’s pillow against the headboard and sits down on the bed with his back resting against the pillow, holding Jimmy close. “Me and Dean are right here.” He says. “We’re not going anywhere, I promise.”
Cas and Dean are the last to leave, and by then, the corridor is empty. Dean makes it all the way through the door for the staircase with Cas before he grabs his arm and pulls him back, pushing him against the wall. Dean wishes he wasn’t being so aggressive, but…he’s just freakin’
“How long have you known?” Gabe wonders, voice calm but Cas can see in his eyes that he’s still in shock. Cas knows how it feels – he’s been feeling it since he was twenty three.
to forget her for her to be satisfied. “I’ll always be proud of you wherever I am. Always.” She lets go of him. “But for now, you go and be with Dean and your boy. I want you to forget about me and just be happy with those who you really love. Please.”
“You’re better. I still can’t believe you caught that huge one.” Alex admits.
“Hang on, I’ll help.” Dean says as he opens his door, gets out and helps Cas stand.
“I’m afraid I’m not at the liberty to say, but just know that we should investigate anything that relates to suspicious activity.” For a liar, I must admit, I’m pretty damn good.
I look at Sam and he shakes his head, “we’re gonna have to carry him, there’s no way he can walk.” I nod and let Sam scoop Cas up while I get our stuff from the back of the car.
“Wet. Stupid rain.” He laughs. “I might grab a shower. You want in?”
After helping Cas into the shower, I step in too, directly under the stream of hot water. It feels so good to finally get clean and I savour the feeling for a few moments before moving closer to Cas.
I shuffle out of the motel bathroom, sluggishly running a towel through my wet hair. Sam found a case a couple of days ago about some kind of hard core witch that keeps attacking people. It’s not Rowena though, thankfully. We probably wouldn’t have decided to check this case out if it involved the demon red head family.
I sit still, listening to the radio. It has been thirteen minutes and fifty five seconds since they left.
“It’s been a while.” She continues, “I thought you guys were staying for the case.”
“Keep your mouth shut.” Cas hisses at him before immediately dashing over to the door and opening it, apologizing to another guy that has the
Dean gives Gabe a sympathetic pat on the shoulder. “Your mom still here?”
“It’s settled. Castiel will be the carrier. Meet us here at seven am tomorrow. No earlier, no later. We will explain your task in detail during that time.” The brunette says. “As for today – and this applies to all of you – make sure you get recruits prepared and equipped. We leave at nine am tomorrow for battle.”
Cas rolls his eyes and takes Dean’s hand. “He’s mine.” He sees Dean raise an eyebrow from the corner of his eye.
Prepare for smut.
“I think so too.” Jimmy smiles. “Are we going soon.”
hard to make it up to you. I promise that he
The two of them make their way over to the car slowly, going at Cas’ pace. I can definitely see now that Cas’ eyes are still red and there are still tears threatening to fall, but he’s keeping it under control for now.
“What was that, Cas?” Dean asks and his shoulders tense up.
“Yeah?” Dean’s voice remains quiet.
“I suppose you’re right.”
I grab a flannel and hold it under the water before turning Cas around and dabbing it on his back gently. Me and Sam didn’t really wash the cuts at the back that well so I just want to make sure.
Dean slowly moves his hand from Cas’ hair forwards to hold the side of his face, just looking deeply into the deep blue of Castiel’s eyes. He
“Okay. Come here.” I say, keeping my arms wrapped around the angel and pulling him up to his feet. Sam also helps from behind him when he slumps a little.
he’s started getting when he’s around Cas. That
“Good plan.” Dean agrees, resting his head on Cas’s shoulder as he pokes at his pie with a smile.
There is always someone out there that cares, even if you’ve never even met them.
Hannah shakes her head. “Ah, I’m sorry, that came out wrong.” She sighs and steps forward, placing her hand on Cas’ shoulder. “I’m really sorry to turn up out of the blue. I know we signed all of those papers in court and those still stand. I just…I just want to meet him. Just once. And then you won’t see me again.”
time.
“Tell him we’ll be there real soon.” Dean smiles and takes hold of Cas’ hand. They brought the shoes they got for Jimmy with them. They decided to come and pick Jimmy up and see everyone before they take him home. Cas maybe could have used a quiet night to catch up on his sleep better but they miss Jimmy, and they don’t want to ask him to stay with Michael for another night.
There are a few hundred people in here, all eating and chatting at their respected tables. People have different coloured overalls on depending on their sector. It’s like a dodgy rainbow that makes Dean feel queasy just looking at the array of colour crashing into his view.
I turn around to face her, “yeah?”
. Don’t push too hard to be okay when you’re not because it’s making you feel worse. And me? I’m not bothered how long it takes you to get better. Like I said, if you’re by my side, that will
Cas gives it to Jimmy who takes it and starts to drink it slowly. It comforts him and stops him crying for the time being.
“Yeah, sure.” She agrees before sitting next to me.
“Yeah. Couple of months now.” I smile, leaning to the side and planting a kiss to Cas’ temple.
“I’m positive. I’m okay, you’re okay, Sammy’s okay, mom’s okay, the world’s okay. This is the part when everything starts looking up. When everything’s going to be really
Dean sighs. “Jimmy…daddy hurt himself trying to come after you. He thought you were going to run away which is why he shouted at you.” Dean explains. “You know he isn’t very well and trying to make him come outside wasn’t a very nice thing to do, was it?” He adds.
We find each other’s lips, and I moan when Cas speaks “you have no idea what I want to do to you.”
He can’t help but feel like this whole thing is like some screwed-up stage play. He feels like he should know what’s going on, but he just hasn’t got a clue. It’s not like if he shouts
“We can always go back to the house if you want. We can come back in the car when the boat trip’s done.” Dean suggests.
“…no…I want to keep them on.”
“Cas?” Dean’s frown deepens. Cas scrunches his eyes and he doesn’t move, as if he never heard Dean speak.
I give her a challenging look but a laugh finds its way out of my mouth anyway.
Cas shook his head and tutted “you shouldn’t hit old ladies with kayak paddles, Dean.”
am anyway.
The angel is still shivering so we get the sweatpants and socks on quickly.
He gets ready in the bathroom and puts his pajamas on, appreciating the comfort of getting out of jeans. He sighs as he gets under the covers, pulling them up to his neck.
“Yes. I’m sure. I’m...I’m ready to experience this with you.”
Shoving a cassette into the player, we drive down the highway listening to You Shook Me All Night Long by the one and only ACDC.
Naomi walked over, her eyes showing something strange. Something he’d never really seen before.
“Castiel.” A man’s voice sounds from behind me. I turn around to see who it is and my jaw drops.
“How was your drive?”
“Hey, buddy, hold up a sec.” He strides forwards to where Jimmy has halted his skipping across the sidewalk. Dean kneels down in front of him, looking into Jimmy’s eyes. “Do you want to talk about it? We can go sit right there.” He suggests and points towards a bench overlooking the sea. Since Jimmy is now looking at his feet with a sorrowful gaze, Dean takes it as a yes.
squeeze which nearly has Dean toppling over the edge.
Dean leans forward to look into Cas’ eyes directly, knowing his face is serious. “Cas, are you sure?”
Cas nods and takes a deep breath. “Hannah said that she’ll leave afterwards and that I don’t have to worry about it but…I don’t trust her.” He grimaces. “She’s always been really nice but in the back of my mind there’s this voice telling me she’s going to try and take Jimmy away from me. It sounds kind of ridiculous but…yeah.” He admits. Dean shifts a little closer to him so they are sitting as close as possible.
“That’s it. It’s okay. You’re okay.”
I drive for another half an hour, every so often glancing at them in the back with the mirror. Cas’ sniffling stopped when he fell asleep.
Cas finishes the last of his tea, tossing the cup into a nearby trash can. “Yeah, I’m gonna go for an appointment tomorrow.”
“Okay.” He whispers, reaching down to guide his dick, positioning it to press against Castiel’s stretched hole.
“What, what is it?” Anna takes the tray from him like it’ll answer her question. “Has he been taking too many? Not enough?”
not be able to kiss him for a year.”
“Hi Mary.” He says quietly. He’s been quite quiet all morning really, and he hasn’t really wanted to let go of Dean. Dean can’t decide whether it’s because Jimmy misses Cas or because he’s dreading going to the hospital, maybe in case he’s worried Cas won’t wake up again?
Cas understands what he is asking and shakes his head. “Just bloody.”
“I still don’t understand why you shouted at me.” He murmurs, still not looking at me.
“Well, I uh, I can’t exactly stand on my own, can I.” He admits, a small blush creeping up onto his cheeks.
“Yeah, sure.” She writes it down in her notepad before looking at Cas.
“Yeah, can we stop talking about spew please?” Cas laughs a little.
“Death does that to ya. We’ve
I bite my lip in excitement and turn to Cas who is looking out of the front window admiring the view.
“Me and my brother have been looking all morning. He’s my best friend and he…didn’t show up when he was supposed to.” I can’t exactly say he’s an angel, can I?
It’s been enough time for me now to know every single one of his ticklish spots.
“Doesn’t it feel like I’m miserable
“I wonder what they’re up to at the minute. Getting on the boat maybe.”
Gabe snorts and holds his hands up. “Dean sent me here to keep you calm. I’m just doing my job.”
“I know Dean.” His voice breaks and I kind of feel guilty for making him watch that stuff again, but at least now I have seen. I know about everything and he doesn’t have to be afraid of talking to me about it anymore.
The thing that eventually brought them apart was when Cas suddenly moved away and sneezed dryly.
“I can see - you really don’t look well, babe.” Dean places his hand on Cas’ cheek. “We can just go if you want. I don’t want this to make you ill.”
hard for you. It still is.” Dean runs his hand up and down his side. They look at each other in the mirror. “I look in the mirror and still see you, Cas. You’re still my Cas. Those bruises? They show how strong you are.”
“What do we do?”
I do the same and we watch the screen as Jason Statham speeds across a tonne of police officers and drives off a bridge in his car.
They sit in comfortable silence for most of the drive. Dean sees that Cas has gotten tired again and assumes he’s okay, but he sits upright all of a sudden, breathing in shallow breaths, panic rising.
“You said your mom and Chuck went on a break?”
“About a mile if we walk, which we usually do. There’s a road that leads to it as well though, so if you guys wanted to take the Impala it might be easier for Cas.”
“If you say so.” I nod, standing up before picking my jacket up and slipping it on.
Cas laughs with Dean, still giggling when he looks down to fuss over the kitten. “What time is it?”
I look down at myself and realise I’m sweating a lot. I’m too warm and realise I woke up because of this. Lifting my hands up, I look at them and see some scratches dotted along my skin. There is a bandage on my right forearm which I notice when I sneeze dryly.
Cas shifts closer to Dean on the seat, waiting until he feels balanced again before whispering “thank you” as he lowers his head to Dean’s shoulder.
“But aside from that…it would make you feel like you did the right thing, even though you didn’t want to?”
“Hannah…what are you doing here?” Cas questions the woman standing in front of him. He thought he’d never see her again. There’s also a guy standing behind her and Cas guesses he’s her boyfriend or something.
It feels like we were searching forever, and to make it worse, nobody has anything to show for it. Regrouping, we discuss our minimal options here.
“He’s just never quite got a handle on it. He got close, but then he got sick so it knocked him back a bit. He’s nearly
“Okie dokie. Just know that if you want or need to talk about it any more in any of our next sessions, you can. Absolutely no problem.”
I have to go up behind him to stop him falling over, snaking my arm firmly across his waist to hold him still.
“Okay.” He says, in a delayed answer to what Dean said.
“Yeah, I think so. I’m happy for him. Eileen is really nice too.”
“What? No, I meant
“Cas, it was random as fuck. I’d be surprised if you
When I turn around, Sam is looking down at Cas, shocked out of his mind. The angel jerks forward and any blood that was in his mouth has now been spat out on to the angel's shirt.
“How about you just go in, get your stuff, ignore
“Yeah.” He replies and we quickly collect our stuff up and get in the car.
“Ok, so that’s Alfie.” Dean confirms. Cas had to show him pictures of everyone so he’d remember their names.
Blondie strides forwards calmly, rolling Dean’s sleeve up before neatly slicing his arm with the silver knife, not hesitating for a single second. It barely even hurts Dean since he’s so used to getting cuts here and there.
. Of all people…
Also, he knows I have questions about what happened the other day when he had that breakdown.
Claire tackles Cas with a hug making him laugh while Alex approaches me.
.” Dean gasps, running into the kitchen to get his car keys. “I’m going to drive there now. Is Jimmy…is he okay?”
“I did.” Dean snorts. “Come on, let’s get back to sleep.” He says softly, holding his arm out to support Cas.
It reveals a necklace.
Cas has to explain quick. “Oh, no, those don’t exist. I was joking. I promise.”
“Who cares.” Anna rolls her eyes. “Who’s next? Dean?”
That shuts me up, but it only generates more questions like what the hell was he doing in my bed last night if he’s still upset with me?
“I’m actually really proud of Jimmy, Cas. When I changed him, he told me he was scared to talk to anyone and then a half hour later, he made friends with Jack and they were together for an hour.” Dean sighs happily. “I dunno, I just feel so happy that he kinda made a friend and now he has someone to hang out with and not miss Chrissie too much.”
Dean decides he’ll give Gabe fifteen minutes to enjoy his fifth helping of dessert before he suggests they leave.
but…he feels so
They did think someone might notice, but not in this way. Everyone rushes over to them and Daniel holds Cas’ hand up.
“Want one?” Gabe asks when he sees Cas looking at them.
more adorable than annoying.
His boyfriend swallowed him down further with one hand still fondling his balls and the other rubbing his right hipbone comfortingly.
“Same for you, Cas. Same for you.” Dean murmurs. “I’m never giving up on you.” Dean adds. It’s all Cas needs to hear to feel completely relaxed.
A spark of cool electricity stirs up in his dick,
“I just wanted to make sure you’re ok.”
“Soon.” Dean promises. “You’ll get there.”
Cas nods slowly, snuggling closer into Dean. “I think it’s for the best. If it carries on like this any longer, I probably
I climb into the back of the Chevy before Sam hands me Cas, and between us, we manage to get Cas in the car and in my arms.
“Yeah?”
“Touch yourself.” He clarifies, sitting up beside me when he notices my confusion. “Cas, you’ve touched yourself before, right?”
He leans closer to Cas. “Anything you fancy?” He questions, scanning through the lunch options on the menu. A lot of them seem to be full meals or sandwiches with a bunch of add-ons like salad.
I smile. “Yeah.”
Dean groans at the tightness of Cas and how friggin’
“Cas she can’t say that shit to you and get away with it. That’s fucking
“Yeah, I’ll help.” I decide, thinking it’s probably respectful to give Claire some space while she grieves.
Dean smirked, leading them in the direction of the small sandwich place at the edge of the park.
had an unpleasant childhood, you’d want to know what happened would you not?”
I turn the page and smile widely, a lump forming in my throat already.
“I can’t believe this.” Dean grumbles. “So I’m stuck here? In this weird-ass prison sector jail thing?”
“Not real?”
“I’m not five.” Jimmy frowns, sitting up from where he was resting against Dean’s chest, munching on some fries.
Claire is also standing, watching the scene before her. She looks sad and Jody puts an arm around her in reassurance that Cas will be okay. Maybe she should speak to him. It would make his day.
Cas hums and approaches the couch, lowering down with Jimmy so his son can sit on his knee.
Dean’s persistent texting did eventually break Cas an hour later when he could barely feel his fingers. All he texted back was
I sigh and turn to face him, “no, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped at you, it’s just, all of these feelings and emotions. I’m still getting used to dealing with them appropriately.”
came out and braved this. Aw.
He looks up at me, sympathy for the angel filling his eyes and I shrug, shaking my head pitifully before crossing the room to the washing basket and tossing Cas’ dirty pyjamas into it.
“Because Mom texted back and said she’ll meet us at the bunker at 2pm and she has no key to get in so we need to try and get there first.”
“Do it, Cas! You’re smart, you went to Harvard.” Dean snorts, peppering Cas with kisses.
that Dean nearly lets it in.
Dean stands up, a smile still on his face. He gestures to the fridge. “The people left us a
“Good job buddy.” He rubs the boy’s back once before reaching the room and slowly pushing the door open.
“What about her?” He asks, his voice quite sharp.
“Yeah, sure.” He nods and follows me out of the room then walks beside me when we make our way down the corridor.
“Okay.” Dean quickly kicks off his jeans and throws them into the laundry basket before going over to the dresser to get Cas’ softest pair of sweats.
“Cas, just tell me where you are, okay? I’ll bring you back here for the night.”
“You finish it off, yeah? You’ve been good today.” He reaches and ruffles Jimmy’s hair, appreciating the delighted smile that breaks across the boy’s face. “Off you go, smiley.” He nods his head towards the couch and Jimmy gets the message, going back over to climb up.
Shocked, Dean gasps “where are you going?”
you.” He pauses for a second. “Maybe it sounds stupid, but being intimate with you always made me feel so relaxed. It’s like stress relief almost, but at the minute it’s like there’s constant tension in my shoulders. Sex always boosted me emotionally, too. All the good hormones and everything.” Cas sighs. “I don’t know...do you think it sounds stupid?”
Cas tries not to let the sinking feeling inside him take over his facial expression. He’s going to have to explain.
When I get out of the bedroom, I go into one of the smaller bathrooms to adjust my hair, brush my teeth and get ready for the day.
“Well, we left the table because he needed the bathroom. Everything was fine until he was washing his hands, but then he was like, trying to get away from me. I had no idea what to do to stop him, because he would’ve screwed up his leg even more, so I grabbed him and he had a bit of an episode. He forgot who I was for a second.”
He waited in that position for a few moments until he was sure he wouldn’t sneeze again.
Cas spills just a little bit more before it seems to stop completely. He continues leaning forward, practically gasping for air after all of that.
“I’m watching him closely today.” He says truthfully. “He has a fever and I gotta admit, I think maybe he should be resting in bed right now instead of pushing himself to spend time with people.”
“I think we got away with it today. Nobody seems to have suspected anything. Well, apart from Claire. What d’you think, Cas?”
The angel still looks emotionally battered and hurt, but he seems better than before. Sam says something which makes Cas smile just a little bit, and I am relieved that he’s not been completely knocked back to square one from what I did to him.
“I will save people.” Cas snaps. Dean knows there are other reasons – he can hear it in the crack of Cas’ voice.
Dean doesn’t really pay attention to the conversation that follows and instead watches Gabe look at Rachel curiously with a frown pulling at his brow.
Jimmy answers and Dean can tell his voice has lightened again.
I force Sam’s words to the back of my mind before joining the other three in their conversation.
“What’s got you guys all happy?” Dean wonders, looking in the rearview mirror while Cas straps Jimmy into his car seat.
“I heard rumors that the angels running this place are using it to create a bomb. Each time they add grace to it, the bomb gets stronger. They find rogue angels, take their grace then recruit them as humans. Just like me.”
and she literally just turns around and-”
Jeez, who am I turning into? Before Cas got hurt (to look at it metaphorically), I was an 18 inch wall of concrete. Now I’m basically a marshmallow.
“Here.” I say, and Cas nods as if he was about to say the exact same thing.
Cas’ cock twitches in my hand and he comes hard all over his chest. I look at the man before me and stroke myself a few more times before I am set off too, my come joining Cas’ on his and my own body.
Alfie pouted but nodded. “Okay Cas.” His eyes looked watery.
He at least had some peace knowing that even though they all didn’t have the best family-wide relationship, Naomi was always nice to his three other siblings so he knew they’d get on okay.
The angel leans into my hand and it persuades me to keep going because he seems to be enjoying it so much.
do.” Cas replies as he weakly raises his arm to get some toilet paper. He wipes his mouth and nose then disposes of the paper before flushing everything away. Dean can feel that Cas is a little bit shaky and seems a bit out of it.
The lady is calm. It makes him feel a little better.
"Dean, where did you learn to do this?" I can't help but ask.
He gets friendly nods from the couple before he heads back to the front of the boat, spotting his mom so he can get some help with this. He’s bad at dealing with upset kids - he’s more of the comedian-style uncle.
“Oh yes, I’ve known for a long time.”
Blondie looks surprised for a moment too before his stoic mask slips back on. “Clearly our assumption was slightly off-degree.”
“I- I’m-m tired.” Cas mumbles. Dean can feel the shivers rattling through his body.
“I feel like you two have been conspiring while I was asleep.” Cas takes a small bite of the grilled tuna sandwich.
We breathe together for a few minutes, not saying anything, just enjoying the after-sex glow that always
“Yeah I’m just staying with Cas and Dean for a while. How you doing?” Gabe asks.
“Lucifer was able to bend Jack to his will. They started an army to fight God’s creations including humans – hairless apes, apparently – and angels. They allied with many species of supernatural beings and creatures who also wanted their enemies like hunters gone. We tried to fight, we did, but they were too strong and we are one of the last operations with any hope of victory left. Everyone else quit or joined Lucifer.”
“I-um-I woke up from a bad dream, that’s all. I think the dream was the main reason I woke up so close to having  the…the accident. It…well, it scared me.”
I climb into bed behind Cas and wrap my arms tight around his warm body. As if on instinct, he pushes back into my embrace and reaches up to grip on my forearms that are circled around his chest.
Cas manages a shrug. “I…I guess.” He whispers. “I remembered it.”
“It’s okay, just keep breathing.” Dean says from next to him, rubbing Cas’ back up and down. He listens to Dean and tries his best to match his breathing to Dean’s hand on his back. It’s a small thing, but it starts to help. The nauseous feeling starts to recede first.
“Awesome.” Sam shakes his head, “SamDeanCas equals Thunder Hunters. We’re just three grumbly men who scare people with what we do all the time, and you never know when we’ll rain down on you. I like it.”
I go to open the passenger door when Sam stops me. “Get in the back with Cas, Dean.”
“I’m glad.”
end up in the hospital.” Cas sighs quietly. “I need to go see the doctor as soon as we get back.”
He felt his dick continuously twitch as each spurt came, and with Dean’s hands still massaging his tightened balls, he felt insanely good.
“Hey, listen, thank you for telling me, okay? I want to know if something we’re doing makes you uncomfortable.”
He pants a few times, pressing kisses to Cas’ neck. “You sent me over the edge. I forgot what it does to me when you moan.” Dean confesses. “Was it really that good for you?”
“What do you mean?” He questions again, pulling the front of his pants down a little.
“Oof.” I smile and shake my head, wrapping my arms around Cas’ waist and pulling him closer against my chest. He rests back, still munching on his food. “God you’re such a kid.” I joke.
“Cheers to Cas being back home and recovering, and cheers to Dean moving in.” Sam smiles, holding his glass up. Everyone joins it with the toast; even Jimmy with his little penguin cup full of juice.
Dean lets go of my hand and I do as he says, running my fingers across my penis. It makes my spine tingle and creates a spark of raw pleasure. Images of Omandriel flash across my mind, and I push them as far back as possible. I can still see them, but I carry on anyway.
“You’re going to die. All of you.” One of them screams with a haunting smile before a swirling plume of black smoke gushes out of their mouth like water. The person collapses to the floor.
Naomi doesn’t reply for a while, but she reaches over and grasps his arm gently. Somehow she manages to hold on to the place she held on to ten years ago when she was shouting at him, gripping so hard it hurt. Now, she’s gentle and weak. Like she really is a completely different person.
“No.” He replies as I wash my hands in the small sink.
you think your own father hated you! Aren’t you fucking
They both take one of Jimmy’s hands and walk with him to his room, pushing the door open slowly, revealing the inside of the room.
“Come on, otherwise you’ll end up wetting the bed.”  Cas doesn’t say anything, so I just start sitting him upright slowly to try not to upset his stomach. He groans and makes a weak attempt at lying back down. “Come on, it won’t take long.”
to know what had happened – he insisted he
“I’m his boyfriend, and his son Jimmy’s here too with my mom.” He says.
I pull the covers up as much as I can then turn the lamp off on the bedside table. I like having Cas here with me like this. I know it makes him feel safe, so I suppose
We manage to keep travelling for around 4and a half hours before stopping again. Sam managed to persuade Cas to drink a bottle of this vanilla nutrient shake. I’ve never had one, but they look disgusting and milky and ugh. Now we’re back on the road, the angel seems to be keeping it down so far so that’s a good thing.
He moved his arms and pushed up as he had been lying on his front, lifting his body up. He moved his legs so he was sitting on the bed with them curled underneath him. He moved his hand through his fluffed up hair and reached for his phone which was on the bedside table. It was buzzing so much it could have passed as a bee.
When we get inside and order our food, we basically have the usual. Sam has salad, I have a burger. When the waitress came, she asked me and Sam what we wanted and when she looked at Cas, he just pointed at me and told her that he wanted “what he’s having.”
of angel things Cas does, Dean doesn’t know. Maybe he should ask him sometime. He will when he gets home.
Sam stands up from the table and approaches Cas, “Castiel, I thought you didn’t like those?”
“Ok, thanks Jody, you’re awesome. See ya later.”
“Walk with me.” He says and we start strolling at a steady pace. "
I stand up with the cloth, wiping myself down a little. I am so glad that Jody has a washing machine. We’ve got a lot of laundry to do.
Dean nods. “Of course.” He can’t say no to that. This is Cas’ mom at the end of the day - if Cas gets worse, she needs to know.
“Don’t worry, Cas. It’s gonna be fine.” He reassures him.
Cas frowns and sighs guiltily. Dean takes his hand.
“…what you talking about?” Dean asked, taking hold of his arm to stop him fidgeting and pacing and moving and
“Thanks.” Cas says, trying to relax his stomach so it doesn’t ache so much.
“I’ve found that I can walk around a little bit without support.”
“Do you want us to read them to you when you come home?” Dean asks with a soft smile. He can’t wait until Jimmy is old enough to read Harry Potter. He thinks Jimmy will love reading about a young wizard going to magic school.
He trusted Jo and Charlie though. He knew they would keep their secret.
He nods unsurely and I squeeze his shoulder in reassurance before guiding him back against the counter so he can keep himself balanced while I change his clothes.
Cas was finally able to lower himself down in bed and close his eyes, feeling sleep clawing at the edges of his consciousness already.
Cas is, of course, still fast asleep so I decide to let him be. He doesn’t need to be rushing around packing with that leg still healing anyway.
“Screw them, we’re gonna have our own fun.” Dean decides with a shrug.
Dean finds his hand moving away from Cas’ balls to reach into his own boxers and stroke himself in the same rhythm as his mouth on Cas’ now throbbing dick.
“These are yours Dean.” Cas decides, checking on the still-raw waffles in the maker.
Dr. Clarke approaches us. Dean is still helping me stand so he just shifts aside a little and adjusts his grip.
look on his face. He seems somewhere between surprised, amused and confused.
and your
“He seems lovely.” Hannah looks down to her feet for a moment, considering something. Cas feels like a rock is lodged in his throat because he knows exactly what she’s going to say. “I-I know it’s a lot to ask but…I was wondering if I could see him.”
Cas pinches the bridge of his nose and sighs. “I don’t know dad. I…she…I cut her out of my life ten years ago. You know that.”
“I sat there and tried not to throw up in front of the girl I liked.” Dean shakes his head at the memory. “Sam ate way too much that day. But it’s cool, I still tease him about it to this day.”
As soon as he set foot on the carpeted floor, Naomi’s voice rang through the house and heavy footsteps got louder until the woman herself was standing in front of him, eyes vicious and stance firm.
“You need to eat something.” Dean decides, resting a hand on Cas’ arm.
to think about it.
. He doesn’t want to save himself. He wants to save everyone else, and maybe it will be best to just let him do this. I know it hurts, I know how much you don’t want him to. Trust me; we don’t either. But he’s going to do it whether we like it or not. He’s ready to go. He’s ready to rest after what happens tomorrow.”
Me and the angel are holding hands right now, and there's no doubt they all saw us kissing.
Jimmy looks down at his feet, pouting a little bit.
“I think they wanted to meet for lunch and then, uhhh, oh, go into town and shop or something. Not completely sure.”
“Thank you. For everything.” Castiel mutters quietly, beginning to shiver now he has stopped crying.
I nod and open the bathroom door, entering slowly, finding Cas in the same position as before, stone still. The bandage that was wrapped around his leg is scrunched up in a ball on the floor.
“I’m gonna take a nap when we get back.” Cas decides.
The next one is the funniest, and it even brings a deep rumble out of Cas’ chest as he chuckles softly around the rim of his mug.
“Think that the smaller one’s the fledgling?” Dean asked quietly.
Cas turns to Dean for confirmation and receives a happy nod.
telling the truth. He genuinely
Claire launches forward into his arms and the two hug tighter like never before.
“I want to be, but I can’t because (A) it’s Christmas and (B) I love you too much.”
“Yeah, I’m staying. You’re stuck with me.” I reply and the angel laughs through his tears. He really is fine.
“Got you, boys!” Mom calls at us, laughing.
Cas is ok, and with that thought, I fall in to a warm, peaceful sleep.
I told him a couple of weeks ago that if I’m not listening, then he should
“Well, okay. Maybe we could go to the diner then check out the crime scene again. See if the killer left any clues.”
Oh wait, I know what the reason is. I remember. I like him. It’s never gonna happen now though is it? The guy’s traumatized.
Gabe looks out across the sea, squinting when some of the spray brushes past his face lightly. He turns to Jimmy and Jack.
“You don’t have to eat it, but it might be a good idea to get some energy. Kay?” I say, more to Cas, but I know that everyone else at the table was listening in too. I watch Claire’s reaction closely, seeing a flicker of guilt in her eyes when she realises that something is genuinely wrong with Cas that has knocked him down quite a few pegs.
We burst through the door of Jody’s house, both of us in a sort of happy daze.
Cas looks like he considers it but doesn’t really react to it, continuing to breathe heavily. I’ve never seen him so scared.
The three of us turn around and head for the doors. I’m just super glad we got here when we did. That could have gone
“You have to.” Gabe giggles.
“Uh, okay, two doubles please.”
Dean looks up when Gabe calls his name from the bottom of the stairs. He sees Gabe first, then Anna walks up behind him, looking at him and Cas sat on the break in the stairs.
“Castiel.” The angel takes a step forwards before closing the door behind him. I shiver at his presence as he takes another step forwards. He only has a regular knife though. It won’t even harm me, so why?
– put a bucket on the off chance that Cas would actually need it. Turns out he does.
Dean makes eye contact with her and shakes his head. “Sorry, lost myself a second there…” he laughs nervously “heh, so uh…yeah, the resistance. Cool” He could slap himself in the face right now.
“Yeah. Ok. Oh, and if they have pie, you know what to do.”
Cas’ mind drops into the gutter and he can’t help but laugh out loud. He knows Dean’s talking about a cat but…that sentence, it just…sounded
is the table to be on.”
somewhere else just a few minutes ago. Not a random, muddy field. For sure.
“Cas? Cas!” I shout at him, shaking him but he doesn’t wake up. “No! Please wake up.
“Well, just so you know, I
“French
“Dean?” Cas’ inquisitive voice slices through my thoughts, and I realise that I have been standing there frozen for a few minutes, just thinking about Cas and sex and everything in between.
Dean feels a little guilty that they weren’t around for Jimmy today, but they
The boy puts the milk down on the nightstand which confuses Dean for a second until he sees Jimmy reach for Cas’ Harvard hoodie which has been left at the foot of the bed.
“Oh, have you been hit with a handbag before, then?”
My eyes bolt open quickly as I think about it, and I glance around at everyone else, who have all also fallen asleep. What if Cas needed me and I was asleep? What if my dream was partly real?
“I’m glad you feel better.”
Daniel sits down where Cas was and pats Dean on the shoulder. “Thanks.”
When he’s closed the door behind him, he sees Cas on the floor next to the toilet looking pale and sweaty. “
They stopped walking for a moment where there was a gap in the trees and the lake was visible once again.
on you.”
didn’t want to sit in a rowdy diner. Not that I blame him.
I make my way over to him and wipe down his clothes and the sticky areas on his face. I even get the sticky strawberry jelly off his pants from earlier. There we go, all clean. Although, we’ll have to remember to get changed before we go see Sam. We probably reek of arousal and…well,
is for whenever we’re apart. Even if I’m only at work, if you feel alone or scared or
“We have the heating on, it should warm up soon.” I smile and go over to the pile of bags that were dumped by the foot of the stairs.
“Do you need anything? Extra blankets? Hot water bottle?”
It does bring a small smile to Jimmy’s face and he loosens his grip on Cas. “I’m coming.” He nods.
I fall in to a much calmer, peaceful sleep this time.
“Good.” He smiles and then watches me when I take another sip of coffee.
“I want to shower.”
Pushing the door open, light from the kitchen and living room streams right into my eyes forcing me to blink a couple of times to adjust.
We had to gank two angels already downstairs. The dick in here is the third one now.
“N-no, I-I don’t.” I panic and shift around uncomfortably, remembering Omandriel picking up a needle from the table last night.
“Oh, of course!” Cas’ mom stands up and heads for the door, closing it behind her when she leaves.
thanks to me. I love him; I’m not supposed to be yelling at him for waiting a bit too long to go to the bathroom. He loves me too (well, I hope he still does) but maybe he really
“Dean and Alfie.” Michael confirms. “Good luck, Dean.”
I chuckle and we get back in to my bedroom with no problems.
"I love you." I mutter and he clings on to me tight.
Dean considers his words, hooking his head over Cas’ shoulder. “Cas, we both know that throwing up
“So good. Baby Groot rocked it.”
“For what?”
They’d been relaxing on the beach for a while when they’d calmed down. Cas is resting against his chest and they don’t speak, just bask in their shared love for each other. Dean feels at peace with the love of his life in his arms and the sea crashing away in front of him. He kisses Cas on the top of his head. He’s never been so happy.
“Do you still think it’s a good idea? Getting a cat?” Cas wonders. He knows it’s going to be a lot of work to begin with.
. We would have been doing algebra all night if I hadn’t.” Daniel snorts.
Cas leans over and rests his head on my shoulder so he can get a better look at the photos.
He makes a quick job of cleaning Jimmy and changing his pull up, and before long he’s back in his fuzzy penguin pyjamas, fully asleep with his pacifier back in his mouth.
“What about Luke?” Rachel frowns.
I sigh and sit down on the end of Sam’s bed, watching the angel sleep.
I try to stop thinking of this, but it proves to be harder than I expect. What if Dean is in danger?
I frown when I see Sam sitting up on his tablet, a notebook balancing on his knee. “What you doing up so late? It’s like 2am.”
said that to me – still does – but somehow my self confidence crushed her negative comments about me having kids. My dad always,
say just can’t sleep
“Ewwww.” Jimmy scrunches his face.
Jody returns and hands Cas a glass of water before draping a thin blanket over him and sitting next to him.
His boyfriend backed them up towards the bed slowly until Cas’ thighs hit the mattress. He got on to the bed and shuffled back, letting Dean climb on top of him.
good.
“Yeah, okay. I like the hard you too.”
. Demons must have possessed them while they were walking.
His lips find mine and we kiss slowly while the angel’s long, dextrous fingers work at my belt.
keep you safe.” He finishes elaborating and takes the ring back from Cas’ increasingly shaky hand. Cas’ eyes are full to the brim of affection and feelings.
“Don’t jinx yourself.” Robyn tells him and he nods.
“Of course.” I smirk and she rolls her eyes.
“What, home home? Or the house?”
“How long did this take?” I say through a quiet laugh at a string of photos that I took of Sam when he fell over at the ice rink.
“Mom-”
“I see it.” Jimmy replies simply, but even though he doesn’t seem excited, Gabe can tell by his tone of voice that he actually is.
“I texted him just after we landed. Besides, I’m fine. I got sick because of the plane and I feel a lot better now.” Cas shrugs, drying his hands.
Okay, he’ll admit it. He is really tired, and had he not had that long conversation with Dean last night, he would have pushed himself to get up.
Cas nods, blinking tiredly. “I just have to get through this evening and try to fall asleep.” He tilts his head to the side. “Dean, I know what it feels like with no painkillers. For one night, I promise I can handle it. I-” Cas cuts himself off when a spike of pain seems to rush through him, but continues when it passes “it’s going to be uncomfortable and hard but…I can get through this.”
“I’m sorry.”
it to rain.
was nice.”
“So, Cas, what’s the deal?” I ask, glancing back at the body of a man lying down on the floor. There is a stab wound to abdomen but there are also faint burn marks across his chest in the shape of a skeleton.
“You okay?” Dean asks when Cas shifts where he’s sitting.
“Hi guys.” She smiles before taking each of them into a hug.
Jimmy nods as Cas turns around and climbs up the stairs. He knows Jimmy won’t stay put – he’ll wander off into the kitchen or something but as long as he’s careful Cas is fine with it.
“Thank you.” Cas says, his tone a little softer.
The circle remains unlit though. What the hell?
“I won’t say anything to him about it. If he wanted to keep it quiet, I’ll look after him from behind the scenes.” She decides, seeming to be in lighter spirit now she knows a little more about the situation. “Although, Dean, I know Cas might not want you to say anything, but if anything happens that makes this more serious, please could you tell me? I’ll take any blame if he finds out you told me.”
guideline at that – but he doesn’t care anymore as long as he finds people who he can throw all his questions at. He supposes if the angels
“C’mere.” He holds his arm out and pulls Cas to rest against him like on the stairs. “How are you feeling?”
“They make me more dizzy.” Cas says as he accepts the pills from Dean. “And they make me so drowsy. I hate them.”
a good role model, don’t you think.” Cas says sarcastically, but he is finding this whole thing amusing.
“Oh Cas.” Dean whispers softly when he sees the huge wet patch on my grey sweatpants that has spread across most of me from the waist down. I assume Sam sees too, because he leaves the room, muttering something about getting a washing basket.
Naomi. It was a fucking shit thing you did there.” He pauses and looks away, right at the wall, feeling lots of tension in his shoulders and, well, tension all over, really.
ok? You’ll tell me?”
happened. Damn, it’s now or never.
Dean takes Cas’ hand and locks their fingers together. Cas grips back but it’s very subtle. He’s weak.
Dean twists so Jimmy doesn’t get trapped between them. He holds the back of Cas’ neck with his free hand, pulling him in for a deep kiss. Cas throws his arms around Dean’s neck and kisses back for a few moments. They both listen to the family cheering before they pull away. Cas bops Jimmy on the nose when he spots him giggling at them.
Cas exchanges a loving look with Dean.
“Maybe. Are you guys still doing it?” Gus wonders. Dean coughs. So people
Before he gets the chance to think about it, an underlying thought he’s tried to ignore his whole life surfaces, and somehow makes its way into a question that leaves his mouth. “Why have you always hated me?”
In all fairness, he should be reasonably okay now his fever’s slowly getting better and he’s back on meds. Dean sighs – it’s all up in the air. They’ll take it as it comes.
In that room, there were stains all over the floor, no doubt from Cas. Blood, urine, vomit, you name it. The room was also kind of musky, so I don’t want to imagine what that son of a bitch did to my angel. They’re supposed to be brothers, which just makes everything much weirder.
“Well, since regular tracking spells are for living things not objects, we needed one that will show us the location of the dagger wherever it is right now. So, as we lost
It feels alien as his arms wrap around her shoulders slowly and a little stiffly, as if he’s testing the water. It’s not familiar and it certainly feels weird since he’s pretty sure he’s never hugged Naomi. She’s never hugged
“Yeah, they’ll be fine. Dean, is everything okay?” Anna confirms. She looks a little worried.
“We have to go now. We have to. If we want to get this done.” Jarah speaks up again. “Maybe we could form a circle of protection around Castiel and move closer to the center of the warzone. Could this work?”
Cas answers suspiciously quickly. “Europe.” He says confidently, noticing the silence from the family which follows. Dean and Cas both know his true reasoning – the Chuck situation - but he clears his throat and covers for himself quite quickly. “I haven’t been there yet.”
Cas walks into the hospital, fingers intertwined with Dean’s and the diaper bag on his other shoulder. Dean’s carrying Nicky in his other arm. Their son woke up when they both drove back home so they could come here in one car. Nicky was excited to see Dean, but ended up falling asleep again during the drive in the Impala to the hospital.
Cas is flat on top of me, being his usual limpet self (not that I’m complaining) with his head pushed into my neck. His
Cas turns around to see him standing still, looking a mixture of confused and troubled. He crouches down in front of his son and puts his hand on his shoulder. “Everything okay?”
“No problem.” She goes back inside, but I hear her say “ I can’t believe this is finally happening!”
He can do this. He’s going to get better. He’s going to see the doctor and he’s going to work hard to turn this around. He’s determined to get through this.
I fling my arm around Cas’ waist again so his leg doesn’t cause any problems and we set off once more, skating around to what I think is Mr Brightside.
“Yeah, you went full-on jackass in there with that shotgun, Cas. You gonna be ‘the angel with the shotgun’ now?”
We all stay still for a little while. That was stressful as heck. We really need to get those sigils destroyed.
Dean smiles and shakes his head. “I like looking at your face. I guess I can read you.”
I begin to walk away, but Eileen speaks again.
“Why didn’t you just go to the downstairs bathroom?” Dean wonders. He rubs over Cas’ stomach gently with the palm of his hand.
I smile and roll my eyes, noticing that the angel has now forgotten about his bread issue and is looking kind of…pained.
(See the end of the chapter for
off with me. He just doesn’t know what it is yet.
I manage to hold the last of it back, but the effort is near to overwhelming.
“You two are such dorks.” She rolls her eyes and reaches down into the box to get the lights.
Cas grimaces but nods faintly. I completely understand how he’s feeling, but sometimes you really
He used to have nightmares about being alone in the world, but they’d stopped when he’d moved up to high school. He’d been sleeping worse recently though, like somehow he knew all of this was going to happen; that he’d finally snap and leave Naomi in the dirt behind him.
of it – his chest is hurting him by sitting like this.
“Yeah. It used to happen when I was younger I guess. Mom used to shout at me. Used to scare me.”
Cas nods and takes a deep breath. “So, I can either resume my corporate job, come back as receptionist…or quit and train the new one?”
My brother slips out of the booth along with Jody, Claire and Alex. Cas shuffles along too, and Sam helps him stand while I get up myself.
one of you admits it.”
“Is it far? Down to the lake, I mean.” I ask, thinking about Cas and his leg.
“You tell yourself that, Dean.” Cas resists a snort. “What else don’t you know about me?” Cas questions.
“We can’t ask the trainees to do it, though. It needs to be someone with experience.”
He whispers. “How would you feel about talking to someone about it?”
Cas chuckles, “glad it’s not me. I haven’t had a hair since last week.”
“Thought you’d like it.” I murmur, looking up at the shower myself. I’m so happy that we’re far enough away from civilisation to be able to see all of this.
Dean hears some shuffling and soon there is a small voice.
hear me praying and choose not to come. Please. Just give us a few minutes.” I finish the prayer, and glance around the motel room expectantly, but the angel does not appear.
“NO. YOU CAN’T.
“Dean, is the kettle just boiled?” Sam shouts from the kitchen.
need to have words with his mom though. He’s not particularly happy that she gave Hannah his address without asking him first. Would his mom give his address to Meg too? Or Chuck? Cas feels ill just thinking about it.
“Are you coming home?” Jimmy asks Cas quietly, managing to fiddle with Cas’ hospital wristband since Castiel’s arm is wrapped all the way around the boy’s waist.
He turns his head back to watch Cas and Jimmy. They’re crouching by a clump of seaweed; Cas is explaining something to Jimmy while the kid touches it gingerly, pulling a grim face. It makes Dean smile.
I growl and launch myself at her, trying to impale her stupid angel body with the blade. She just waves me away, and I go flying in to a bookshelf, the books toppling all over me.
Cas pulls back after a few seconds and buries his head into my neck.
“You asleep, Cas?”
“Daddyyy!” Jimmy exclaims excitedly and jumps off the seat, running around the couch with his arms up for a hug.
be real. It
Letting out a little noise of effort, Cas starts to push himself up with sleep-weak arms, eyes still closed in the comforting darkness of the room. As he is taking in a deep breath, he feels something gently grip his arm, holding him in place.
All in all, not good.
“Oh, cool, what you seeing?” Sam asks.
“Yeah.” Cas says quietly with a nod. His eyelids droop. He’s trying really hard to stay awake. It’s so cosy in here. Dean is so warm and he feels so comfortable on this sunken couch.
Dean smiled wider, running his fingers slowly through Cas’ hair. “Yeah. And a lot more. We just need to get you feeling better is all.”
At this, Cas sits back in his chair and waits for Naomi to say something.
I lean in and gently push our mouths together. Yeah fine, Cas still has a lot of technique to learn about kissing, but making out with
“Yes.” He admits. “You weren’t eating enough before we came on this vacation. And now you’re eating even less than before. Barely anything.”
Cas is stood silent and surprised for a few moments, trying to take the information in. “Do you know the extent of it? Like slight or severe or…?” He questions. It does make a lot of sense. When he went to do some tests at the doctors with Gabe, they made him drink milk before one of them. He felt horrible when they got home and spent an hour in the bathroom.
Cas is a gentle, sensitive soul and Dean can’t imagine how it feels for him.
Sam does the same and heads for the door while I head for the window, which is thankfully open. There are no traps in sight, so I decide to go ahead with the plan. Climb inside and then unlock the back door for Sam so he can get in too.
“Yeah?” He moved his hand to stroke Cas’ hair.
“Good.” Dean nodded.
Sam, Jody, Claire and Alex appear from the treeline and soon spot the car, making their way over. They all have mud and dead leaves clinging to their hiking boots, and their cheeks all look rosy from the cold.
“What’ve you been up to anyway, Charlie?”
“Yeah buddy?”
at apologising (y’know, just to make things worse).
The watch now reads
“Are you sure? Will you be able to sleep?”
“I dunno! How about the permission to stay the hell away from us from now on?”
“No time to waste.” Harien claims, leading the way down the corridor until the five of them reach the entrance.
“Jimmy, remember when we talked about it last time? About how it might happen now and then because you got sick a couple of weeks ago? Yeah? It’s just that. It’s just that, okay?”
Cas sees the moment it dawns on Naomi, when she realises who is sitting beside her bed.
“Assbutt.”
“No, no, it’s okay. Rest for a while. As long as you need. We’re good here in shoulder, I don’t need to move the car.”
“I am?”
“What?”
Jimmy takes a while to think, pouting in deep thought. He likes a
“Now, take care boys.” Jody tells the three of us as we stand by the door with our bags.
My brother yawns in response and makes for the bathroom to get ready for bed.
My arms snake around his waist and I hold him close, pulling the blanket more securely around us with my fingers.
hair, you’d
“If you think about it, we haven’t been to the bathroom yet today either.”
“After April, I’d been wanting to experience more of those particular primal instincts anyway. I was fascinated by male sex and how penetration might feel and I’ve come to prefer it with my few experiences in the past, and the time I’ve spent with Dean. And you.”
“Is it broken?” Dean walks closer.
Cas breathes heavily. “That was close.”
“Hi Gabe.” Dean answers his phone. “We’re nearly there.”
“We?”
Cas licks his lips. “I needed to see you.”
The angel’s hips buck forwards, enough so that our dicks slide against each other and fuck if I don’t just come right here right now just listening to the sounds he is making. He moans again when I give his balls a small tug before he moves to the side and nibbles at my jaw with pleasured grunts.
The redness that was glowing inside Cas’ body fizzles out in to the nothing, and it makes the room feel unpleasantly dark.
Sam hums in response and sinks down in the cushions, ready to watch the movie.
“I know.” He nods. “Back soon, he’s gotta be somewhere.” He says as he jogs off to the other side of the boat. The amount of people on this boat make it hard to look around for Jimmy, and he searches all around the top deck until he sighs in relief when the colour of that blue coat pokes through the gaps between some people who are standing around.
“So, Jimmy, what did you do at day care today?” Cas looks down at his son.
“Ok, all ready to go.” He rubs his hands together, swinging his car keys on the key ring around his finger.
out of the blue. I felt like a statue when she was talking to me – she had it all planned out and I felt like I couldn’t even speak, let alone tell her
Dean watches Jimmy wander over and pull on the leg of Cas’ pants. “Can I go play with Jack?” He asks, eyes wide and hopeful.
“I love you too.” I smile into the kiss and comb my fingers through his sweaty hair.
Dean slings an arm across his shoulders. “You have the whole weekend to decide, it’ll come to you.”
Cas snuggles against him. “I may be getting used to not apologizing for everything, but that doesn’t mean I can’t say thank you.” Cas explains. Dean hums and kisses his hair.
Cas moans filthily at this, writhing around and panting like he doesn’t know what to do with himself. Dean rubs his own dick at the sight of Cas so flustered and turned on. It’s actually really beautiful to witness. To see Cas so happy and lost in pleasure and
A kind female voice asks.
“I like it here.” Cas said, looking out at the ducks flapping about. “It’s all nature-y.”
“It really isn’t worth it Dean.” Sam sighs, loosening his tie a little.
Sam unlocks his own door first and goes straight in, but I do notice him give Cas a reassuring glance along with a nod.
He made a quick job of it and since he’d taken all of his clothes off to do it, he decided to slip just his boxers back on.
“You having your usual Cas?” Dean smiles at them both from across the booth.
For the next few days, things run smoothly. Me, Sam and Claire went out on a small vamp case just a couple of miles away while Cas stayed home with Jody and Alex as they played board games. Cluedo remains to be Cas’ favourite at the minute because currently, he can’t physically play twister with all of his injuries.
“Not to people my age.” I mumble sadly.
He nods. “Yeah, and the room. I’m thinking of going there myself first and see what state he’s in before taking Jimmy to him. Do you think that’s the right thing to do?”
The bubbles from the soapy gel wash down the angel’s face and chest, and I have to actually force myself to not watch it run down his skin.
“Claire, can you go and get a wet flannel?” Jody asks and the girl complies, rushing off to get one.
“Yeah.” Jimmy looks up at him “daddy, will you…can you sit in the back with me. For just a while?”
Panting, Dean scrambles back up and dashes over to Cas. He falls to his knees and pulls Cas’ top half into his arms. “Cas, are you okay?” Dean asks, searching Cas’ face.
“Shut up.” He nudges me back, but there is still a smile pulling at his lips.
The kittens are meowing and playing with each other, small paws patting around. Dean goes over to the counter to talk to the people.
“Because you’re
Dean was twenty seven, quite a few years older than Cas, but he felt safe with Dean. He trusted him and Cas didn’t trust people easily.
.” He looks back down at me and there is adoration in his eyes. It makes me feel all warm and tingly inside.
They reach the house with a relatively smooth journey. Dean is glad to be back. They can really focus on helping Cas out now in the comfort of their own space rather than some random stairs.
“You think you can decode it?” I ask and Cas looks unsure.
always so
I pull my phone out of my pocket so fast I’m worried it might slip out of my hand before taking a picture of my brother who went over a bump and slipped, more or less face-planting into the ice, sliding across the floor.
that it looks like a hospital. It’s like a bleach bomb went off in here.
“Are you sure?” Cas takes the piece of clothing off him.
He heard his mother huff and grumble before his whole
and you know what? One year with them hardly even beats
“Cas, you don’t need to be afraid of falling asleep.” I assure, squeezing his hand back, quite enjoying the contact.
A stream of blood pours out of mouth and I can feel my insides twisting and cramping every time I breathe.
He grabs my arm and stops me walking. “Castiel, you
“Well…you could do nothing and
Cas’ present is the one I’m most nervous about. I don’t want anything to be cheesy, but I just can’t wait any longer to say the things I want to say. Mom is still the only one that knows what I’m giving to him. She helped me.
“Oh man, you need some painkillers.” Dean decides, standing up and making his way over to a green bag.
. Dean smiles and presses another kiss against Cas’ cheek, moving his hand to stroke Cas’ hair.
His phone screen goes blank and Dean shoves it back into his pocket. When Dean looks at Cas, he is holding his hand up, admiring the ring on his finger.
Cas wonders whether he’s being harsh, but no. He has every right to say what he’s saying. It’s the truth, and sometimes the truth hurts. Especially to people like Naomi.
Dean had found out just how bad Cas’ home life was when Cas had accidentally pocket dialed him one time. At the time, he didn’t want to be a creep and listen in on the conversation (even though everyone knows everyone does it), but he was glad he did. He heard Naomi saying utter shit to Cas and at that same night at work, Dean saw for himself how upset Cas was even though he tried to hide it.
“Mornin’” Dean smiles softly. “How do you feel?”
A blanket of comfortable silence draped over them and Dean found himself letting his thoughts drift to, well, nothing. He was…peaceful? Yeah, that was the right word.
“Okay, princess, what’s going on then?” Dean questions again. He really doesn’t mean to be snappy, but he just wants to know what’s happening. He’s wanted to know for goddamn
I let go of his dick for now and wrap my arms around the angel, running my hand through his hair. “Yes you can. I know you can. You need to let go. Just try again, for me. Please. I know this is really hard for you. Take as much time as you want, I'm right here with you.”
“Yeah. Think he’s just feeling a bit off.” I reply, not really feeling the need to tell Sam about the bathroom.
It’s as if the minute he’s shown sympathy, my feelings have gotten stronger.
“Yeah, you’ll just have to lean on me a lot, ok? Don’t worry, you’ll be fine.” I assure, typing up the laces on my boots before helping Cas to the bathroom so he can go before we set off. I think he is actually
at me, but just like last time, I don’t even care.
. He hugs back too, and finally I feel free of worry, free of anything negative and impure.
Cas feels himself start to give in. Hannah just wants to see Jimmy, there’s no harm in that. As uneasy as he feels about it, he’d be a dick to say no.
"You really think some random murderer has those knives? What about a rogue angel that will do anything to make you suffer?"
It is exactly the same apart from the fact that mine has a ‘C’ engraved on it.
“Awesome.” I nod, pulling a pleased face.
“Oh my god.” He groans again, “did I do anything bad? I can’t remember.”
“Remember when I dared you to down that liter carton of banana milk?” Alfie says to Daniel, giggling. “We were in after school club and you threw it up all over Miss Patterson’s pile of homework sheets she was about to give us.”
“You’ll feel a lot better after this.” Dean smiles, making room for Cas to stand under the hot water.
“We did eventually get into a conversation and he didn’t seem too drunk, and we slowly sat closer and closer until I could smell his own cologne and it was good. And usually I don’t think I would do that - I don’t trust people easy, but being stuck at home with a baby meant that I just really wanted to have a good time out for once.”
“You always make me feel better.” Cas murmurs, still stroking the kitten which is getting sleepy. He wonders if Dean is still thinking about his pitch on Monday. “Are
Gabe shrugs. “Wanted to see if he’d consider ever seeing Meg or Hannah again. I was just curious is all.”
“It’s okay, you can tell us when you feel better, all right?”
“No way are you getting that blade.” I deadpan back, but Sam catches my eye, trying to tell me something.
Dean couldn’t help but burst into laughter, doubling over when the realisation hit him fully. Cas had been awake before him so his boyfriend had taken a photo of him sleeping naked. Dean still owed him a picture because of taking that one of Cas at the sandwich shop yesterday.
Part 2 is coming soon (I promise this time)
“…yeah, but I- I can’t drink any more.” Cas admits, giving the glass to Anna.
Cas was in love. Completely, utterly, irrevocably in love.
“Yeah?”
I smile half-heartedly back, still kinda pissed at her for not taking it easy on Cas when he was clearly in a bad way.
Dean smiles.
. He closes his eyes and concentrates on stroking and running his fingers through the soft chestnut strands. He wishes this world didn’t happen. He wishes Cas never had to go through this. But wishing ain’t gonna do shit. All Dean can do now is help Cas fight this. Help him in his escape from this hellhole.
Dean laughs breathily and loosens his hold on Cas so just his arm is behind Cas’ head. “Have some of this to cheer you up.” He picks the chocolate box up and wonders how he’s going to open it with one hand, only to find the lid slips open quite easily. It’s already been opened. Dean gazes into the box and sees that a quarter of the chocolate has, in fact, been eaten.
I am glad when there is another bright shine of light and Cas appears in the middle of the room dressed in jet white clothes, all of the mess from earlier gone. His hair is washed and he seems so clean it almost seems clinical. When the light disappears, he nearly falls because his leg injury must still be there.
I grip his shoulders and pull him closer so he can rest some of his weight against me. Putting my arm on the small of his back sends shivers down my spine and it just confuses me even more about the feelings I have for him. I’m not having a sexuality crisis, I’m having a
until I
me. I care about you, I think you’re more than worth a family, Cas. Don’t think for a second that what she always says is true. She’s manipulative and she’s using it to keep you around.”
“Physical fitness? You been getting it on with the guys, Cas?” Dean snorts.
It reminds Cas of the other thing he’s been thinking of recently. Well…he was considering looking into getting adoption papers for Dean so he can
“Oh, I finished.” Dean chuckles deeply. “I came when you did.
“I will.” Sam announces, strolling into the room wearing one of his less scruffy shirts.
difference.” He looks into Cas’ eyes. “When you left, those numbers went back down.”
Dean stops, seeming to recognise the noise Cas made. “Sensitive?” He asks, pressing kisses against Cas’ neck so he can reply.
Cas nods. Gabe stands up and pulls his phone out. “I’ll book the tickets, okay Cas? We’ll fly out in the morning.”
Cas has never really showed Dean his wings apart from those intimidating shadows cast across the wall. When they first met - that was probably the best look Dean’s ever had of them.
walking. Cas is hobbling, using me for support. “You okay?”
“Dean! Help me!” Cas cries, stuck in his clearly horrifying dream. Tears leak out of his closed eyes as my brother carries on shouting at him.
Daniel spins. “Dean-” he stops the instructions and starts crying with laughter “l-left hand red.”
I know he knows I’m here, but I approach him slowly anyway.
“Mickey, get back here!!” A voice sounds from the distance. My attempt to make sense of the situation proves to be useless because the angel gripping me transports us somewhere, but before I can see where, something hard and blunt hits my head and before I know it, the world is gone.
” He repeated what Cas had said last night.
“We ready?” I ask, pulling a backpack onto my shoulder that has food and water inside.
Cas coughs and nearly falls to the floor in his weakened state. Dean jumps over to steady him, helping him keep upright. He can feel Cas trying to hold his weight but the angels are right, he’s getting weaker. The compound is killing him from the inside already.
“You don’t need to go in to detail about it.” Sam assures when Cas goes slightly paler at the demon’s words.
forgive himself if he accidentally told Gabe Cas’ biggest secret.
“I have my reasons.”
Mom and Sam seem to relax in relief like he did when Cas told him.
“Sounds good to me.” He feels Dean kiss the top of his head.
“I love it already.” I smile, leaning over and giving him a quick kiss. We’re so loved up and I don’t even care.
“What’s got you all smiley?” Claire asks.
do this to himself to save people and to be happier when it’s done and he’s gone.
is here. Me and Cas follow behind slowly because obviously I have to go steady with him and his leg and everything. I can tell he’s nervous and kind of on edge when he glances at a random man in the waiting area cautiously, and then at an older woman who smiles at us sympathetically. I smile back, but Cas just looks away, tightening his grip on my shoulder where he is hanging on to it. “You’re ok. You're ok.” I assure soothingly and rub his back.
“Got any tips for me meeting him? Wanna make a good first impression on my little bro’s lover.”
“…no. I-I didn’t.” He admits.
I clear my throat and think fast, “just checking your wounds are ok.”
Slowly, Dean pushes himself upright and shuffles over to Cas’ side. Cas doesn’t bat an eyelid at Dean’s movement, but he does lean in a little when Dean embraces him from his position at Cas’ side. Dean wraps his arms all the way around his friend, pulling him close since Cas is leaning into him anyway.
Dean bites his lip. He’s not sure what to do.
“Um…yeah, I had a painful shooting pain in my leg and slipped over on the way back. I accidentally dragged Dean down with me.” Cas saves the day.
“I’m gonna die.” He chokes out, his words slightly muffled by the bag.
“Awesome!” I beam. He’s fine. He’s
Maybe time will tell, but in the meantime, I’m just an ex-angel, coping with life as a broken man.
I stand up, noticing that he is in near to unbearable pain from standing up. I try to help him but he shrugs my hand off.
“The psychology show?” Dean snorted. “I don’t understand how you don’t get bored watching all that brain stuff.”
I take his advice and rub over the head, and before I know it, a moan has escaped my mouth. My heart is beating and I think of the dream with Dean, finding that my hand is now automatically moving even faster.
“Nothing.”
“I don’t think he knows himself to be honest. I’m assuming that part of him wants to stay with us, but part of him wants to go with Jack. But I think Jack being all excited is helping.” Cas huffs softly, looking down at his feet. “So this is what it feels like.”
“Please tell me you saved some.” I laugh.
“I’m looking forward to it. Not just the fishing, but getting outside for a while.” Cas mumbles through the hoodie as I slip it over his head.
We end up driving for about an hour until Cas finally surfaces.
“Don’t ever let me max out my dose ever again.” Cas sighs and Dean can sense a hint of jokiness in his voice. “Clearly it results in…
Cas laughs quietly, repositioning his head on the pillow. Dean smiles widely, leaning down to kiss his forehead. “See you later, Cas. I love you.”
“Back at ya bitch.” Gabe laughs, pulling away from the hug. He smiles at Cas. “You wanna talk about this tomorrow? You look like you’re about to fall asleep on the spot.”
Dean’s movements become faster and the hand which is touching Cas stutters its movements a little.
Jody pokes her head around the door to see what’s going on and sees the three of us all breathing heavily after that panic show. “You boys need any more help?”
“Hmm?” I look into her eyes.
“Buddy, what is it?” He asks softly. If I wasn’t so hung up with my humiliation, I might have noticed that he looks like he already knows the answer to that question.
Cas nods and turns his attention to the TV, already engrossed in whatever the hell penguins do to keep warm.
Cas holds his arms open for a hug so Dean happily leans down and wraps his arms around Cas’ shoulders, burying his head against Cas’ warm neck. “I’m so happy to see you.”
“We’ll see what Cas thinks tomorrow, but if it were me, I’d say appointment. You guys will probably be tired when you land tomorrow.” Dean says.
After grabbing some quick breakfast, we get on the road. Last night we managed to get an emergency appointment at the local doctors. Cas wasn’t particularly keen on the idea but agreed to it anyway thankfully. I pull up outside the small-ish building before turning off the engine and walking around to Cas’ door to help him out. We can’t exactly check ‘Jimmy Novak’ in at a doctor’s office, so we use his FBI badge as I.D. They shouldn’t need to look him up on their records, but if they do, we’re a bit screwed. Also, obviously this check-up is going to cost us money, but that doesn’t matter. As long as Cas is ok.
“Sorry, Dean. I-“ He is cut off by his own whimper, the tears still falling freely.
“Dean, did you hear that?” Sam shouts across the room.
“Cas! Oh my fucking god. Cas, I’m here, everything’s gonna be okay.” I say desperately even though the angel fell unconscious after that dick of an angel died. “Sam, come and help me with these, we’ve gotta get him outta here!” I decide, working one of the shackles open as Sam does the same to the other.
“David.” Cas begins. “You gave me a free ticket out of my job here, and then you went out of your way to get me that corporate job. And then suddenly I get sick and I can’t do it. And
Dean takes Cas’ other hand and presses their foreheads together.
“I sorry daddy.”
Gabe hisses at him while he’s trying to look out of the window, anxiously waiting for her to arrive.
“All good here.” Dean looks to Cas. “You get a phone call?”
Ok, so judging from the problem we have now, Cas is suffering from having a shy bladder. This is
Rachel shakes her head with a small smile. “He’s stubborn, isn’t he.”
“Not really, brother. Ever since Hannah died, some of us decided your punishment wasn’t enough.” He steps closer, flashing the knife for me to see.
“Buddy, what happened?” Dean kneels down and sees Jimmy side glance him. “You have to use your words if we’re gonna make it better.” He adds, but Jimmy’s frown deepens.
“A bit.” He says, out of breath.
“We did. Cas appreciated it and it gave us chance to talk to Jimmy about Luke.” He explains, suddenly realizing that nobody knows but him and Cas.
“No.” I smile, excited for his reaction. “Look.” I lift my head up and watch the black sky for a few seconds before looking back at the angel.
“…father?”
Although, after drying my hands off on the towel, I approach him and pull him into another hug sporting a more serious yet genuine tone, “I’m proud of you, Cas. I know that was hard.”
Jimmy knows that Cas won’t be able to lift him for a while so he lets Dean lift him up, gently placing him on Castiel’s lap.
While the kettle is boiling, I start to think about things more. Right now, at this point in my life, I feel fulfilled. I have Cas, who is also my boyfriend, I have mom and I have friends and family who couldn’t be closer.
Eventually Dean turned his head and gave a small, soft smile. “I know baby.”
At last, I smile, closing my eyes and shifting slightly to get comfy.
I sigh through my nose. She has a point, but he’s not going to like me leaving him. “You’ll look after him? He’s just so traumatized. Can I speak to him before you do the questions and everything?”
“We don’t usually. We can do what we want
“I…l-love you.” Cas says through a shaky breath. “I love you.”
“Are you gonna tell Michael about it?”
“…because I was outside.”
possible though since I just put Cas through all of that).
“Don’t mind about the price, man.” Dean admits. “This is the ring that spoke to me, nothing else matters.”
“Claire.” Cas suddenly asks.
to share a room with
“Yeah? What is it?” He smiles.
“She’s a waitress though, dude.” Sam laughs and Cas does actually crack a small smile.
“Go to him Dean, we’ll sort this.” Anna gestures to their bedroom door and Dean nods, saying nothing more. He grabs the glass and the juice box and walks away.
to come or the world’s gonna end. My mind was hectic; I was honestly so hellbent on coming that I didn’t even try and stay quiet.”
“Oh no.” I mutter.
.” Cas drinks his water, thinking for a moment. “I saw the bottom of these stairs and for some reason it just…all I could see was our stairs at home. I felt like I was falling forwards and then everything came back to me. I tripped over the bottle, fell, landed on my chest. One of the stairs’ edges jammed into me and I couldn’t breathe. Then I was headed for the banister. I scrunched my eyes and that was it. I hit my head, I fell to the bottom and it felt like there were needles everywhere. I could hear my breathing like it was the loudest thing in the world and I couldn’t move. I tried to shout Jimmy to tell him he should call 911 and it would be okay, but I just couldn’t make the words. I was so confused and then…it just went black. Next thing I remember, I was in the hospital…” Cas finishes, before coming back to the present. “So today…we were walking down the stairs, I saw the bottom and…I…I remembered.” Cas takes a deep breath. “I couldn’t move.” He says, voice wavering. “I panicked and started to feel faint and…here we are.”
He heard Dean sigh and felt a dip in the bed next to where he’d curled up underneath the safe haven. His whole body was underneath and it was dark.
look and he chuckles lightly.
I guess this is just a taste of my own medicine. He used the word
“Now, now, Cassie. You don’t want me to cut you again, do you?”
“The small amount I got back from Metatron is fully intact. Maybe there are sigils concerning our case nearby. That would explain the fluctuations in my angelic powers.”
The tears have stopped for now due to the hope that is resting lightly over my heavy heart.
“Not really. You just gotta think of something that turns you on, but I guess you already managed that bit.”
Cas lies down on the bed next to Jimmy slowly, feeling a headache starting to hammer its way through his head. When he scrunches his eyes and places his hand on his forehead, he feels Dean’s warm hand on his cheek.
I pull into a space facing the water in the mostly empty parking area. There aren’t as many people around as I was expecting so it’s nice and quiet.
We laugh like teenagers and hide behind our wall again.
“I’m sorry.”
“Jody helped me.” He says, and Jody smiles at me when I look over at her.
Dean can sense that Cas is nervous about seeing his mom. Cas has known about his dad for a couple of years and clearly never treated his mom any different. Dean wonders what changed, because Cas tenses up when he sees Rachel across the room. Could it just be because he finally told someone the truth today? Telling someone about it made it more real?
I pull Dean out of his seat and drag him towards the door but he’s being difficult now, “BUT PIE!”
“That was one hell of a thing you did back there, Cas.” I start, not minding that he is asleep and can’t actually hear me. “Obviously in a
still having sex, though.”
I know my brother is really pissed at me right now. I have a strong feeling the drive back to Lebanon is going to be hell. There will be two people sitting in the back of the car that basically
Cas can’t help but snort. Jimmy always complains about how loud they are. “They are quite loud aren’t they.” He chuckles. “You’ll have to hang out with your uncles and grandma instead.”
is, anyway. Hopefully he’ll find out soon enough.
I slump down next to him and snake my arm around his shoulders, gently pulling him over so his head is now resting in the crook of my neck. I kiss the top of his hair and he snuggles closer.
“Dean.”
S Club 7’s ‘Bring It All Back’ begins to play which definitely catches Jimmy’s attention, being his favourite song and all.
Cas relaxed while Dean placed a steady hand on his thigh, comforting him for a moment before pressing his finger against Cas’ hole again.
“Cas?”
“…what?”
when he leans over the toilet and gets it out.
The angel smiles and my mind is put to rest. “Right now, I’m fine Dean. Promise.”
I'm sorry about this painful chapter :/
“Uh, no, sorry. Although, someone was talking to us earlier about a guy with a similar description.”
Cas turns away from Sam and to me, “even though it was fairly clear we shared the same feelings, I was uh, I was nervous. Is that normal?”
“After Sam was…after Sam, we fought a fair bit. You used to share a room with him, so when he was gone they sent you in here with me. Dean was distraught at the time. He wasn’t sleeping, he was barely eating, he started talking to Kate more to have relations with her but she never agreed, and he was
Dean wonders for a moment what he means. “Stay here on vacation?”
to?” Gabe shrugs.
.” Cas smiles, clearly proud of himself for knowing a movie reference that me and Sam don’t.
Jimmy cries and cries against his chest and it breaks Dean’s heart.
Sam puts his foot down and drives faster.
talk to
He felt a small tingly feeling start spreading through his stomach. It was slowly spreading all over him and he started to feel hazy with the increasing arousal. Dean was so strong there on top of him. His hands were so firm and it was clear he knew exactly what he was doing. This always turned Cas on; the fact that Dean was experienced and confident. He could make Cas feel incredible things with those hands without even thinking about what was below his waist.
I laugh with him. Him and his damn bladder. “Maybe you’re an angel in disguise. God must have switched your grace with something more mellow.” I joke, but the angel goes still.
Castiel takes the bottle cautiously and sips at the water slowly, now pressing his back against the bed and his side against the wall, all the while still tangled in the sheets from the bed.
“I- I think he’s having a panic attack?” Dean asks, more as a question. He’s not sure what’s going on either.
Cas shrugs sheepishly, tucking into his own food with that small smile still tugging at his lips.
Cas nods, stepping forwards to hug Gabe again. He’s always been closest to Gabe above everyone else. Gabe has always been there for him in his life through thick and thin and their relationship has always been stronger than those with their brothers. They tell each other stuff, trust each other and sure, they tease each other all the time but…Gabe is his best friend. He doesn’t know what he would have done without him.
Dean takes a deep breath.
It remains like that until he is done and in clean, dry clothes. The only time Cas spoke was to thank me for helping him ‘
“Did it feel good to stand up for yourself?”
“I thought you’d grown up enough to stop ogling me, Dean.” She snaps him from his thoughts straight away. “How many times have I told you that no, I will not let you into my room.”
.” He gasps again when he feels at his hard-on through the thin material, fingers tracing along it slowly. “Is this happening?”
Cas nods and takes hold of his drink, immediately wrapping his hands around the mug.
“No.” Cas says like he’s accepted it by now. “Trust me, when anything happens,
"Something like that." I murmur, lost in how relaxed I'm feeling now.
“Hello?” He says as he squashes the phone between his ear and his shoulder, voice monotone due to it being an unknown number.
After stripping out of my clothes, I step into the shower and turn on the water, keeping it cool so I am able to think better.
Jimmy glances between the two of them, biting his lip with a smile. When he looks at Dean, Cas catches him nodding his head encouragingly to Jimmy. Dean realises Cas is watching and his face turns neutral again.
“I was wondering, do you guys want a lift home in a bit? I don’t think he’s gonna want to walk in the cold and the rain.” Gabe gestures to Cas.
not doing good. He’s barely eating, barely sleeping. He’s had
“We haven’t-” Cas starts and cuts himself off but it’s too late. Gabe is clever and he’s figured it out.
A small breeze blows through the trees, which makes Cas shiver and wrap himself up tighter in the blanket. I scoot closer and wrap an arm around my angel. He pushes his head into my neck to get more comfortable and stays there, enjoying the nature around him.
I’m definitely gonna need a drink later.
Cas sighs and sips at the water, trying to keep a level head.
received.”
Dean, for a moment, thinks that Cas genuinely doesn’t know what he means, but Dean can see the faintest,
“Oh Cas.
Dean thinks of something right away. “Even though I’m about to watch you throw up, after you’re done, I’m gonna go back to my food and truly enjoy a fat slice of steaming meatloaf.” He shrugs.
"What?"
“Dean Dean Dean! Stop banging on and on about Dean! Castiel, how many times: Dean doesn’t care! He never did, so stop whinging. He’s never going to come looking because he thinks you’re just attending to everyday business in heaven. You left with no explanation, and that always really
“Is this about the carrier thing?” RJ whispers and Dean suddenly looks up at him.
do some bedroom things and
“That’s really good, Cas. But, um, listen, I wanted to ask you this, and you don’t have to answer if you don’t want, but, well, have you and Dean got…close yet?”
“Destroy the sigils.” Sam finishes my sentence. “But we’re hours away from there now.”
I have the feeling that he wouldn’t have admitted
“I guess we should go too, hmm?” I ask and he nods.
More fics will be posted in this series at some point (weddings/real dads etc...) lol - but for now? I've gotta get my GISH on :)
. Cas can see his soul? He wants to feel embarrassed but he can only feel awe.
"Me?" asks Cas, eyes wide. "What about me?"
, Cas had said. Dean had known it, really, deep down. Come one, they're
"And then Chuck tells me that soulmates are just another thing that angels decided would be fun. It's all just a game to them." Dean realizes he's talking about angels like Cas was never one, but he shows no signs of minding. Dean rolls his shoulder, embraces the way it's throbbing. Finds comfort in it.
"Just like that," he says. z
In midst of the newest worst time in Dean's life, full of shame and anger and hurt, he walks into a room and seconds later Cas is dead. That's a first for him, so quick and unexpected that he wants to claw at his chest, stop the cold that's spreading, the cold he's known before, that'll drag him under. So before it can he does another unthinkable thing to add to the list he's accumulating, and then Cas isn't dead. And Dean thinks ok, maybe this can work. Maybe I can finally take care of him, keep an eye on him, teach him to be human. Buy him clothes, cook him food, guide him through this shit show.
"He said that I was never meant to have a soulmark. After seeing how badly my parents had gone despite Heaven's damn meddling, they decided I wasn't worth the effort." Dean swallows. "Figures people were giving up on me before I was even born." Cas says nothing, and if he did Dean doesn't know if he'd hear him. He plows on, in his own head. "That's the thing that pisses me off, right? That my parents were supposed to be this grand love story tied together by fate itself and my whole life was fucked because my dad was so out of his mind with losing his soulmate."
And now, as he watches his father's pyre burn, his body still wracked with being almost dead, he lets himself be angry. It was John's love for Mary that turned into something dark, something obsessed, something that ruined their lives. He can't imagine that his mom wanted it to end like this for her soulmate -- the man who had once impressed her with Led Zeppelin and a crooked smile. It's clear to Dean that some people just aren't meant for love. Maybe Winchesters are those kinds of people. He never asked Sammy if he got a mark, part of him still afraid to in case Jess carried a matching one. The flames  of John Winchester's funeral are warm, but Dean feels cold and alone. Fuck whoever created destiny. At least when he dies he won't be leaving anyone behind.
he’s expecting to happen.
“Cas, I-“
but all that happens is a nod of his head to say
last night.
Cas broke out in a small laugh at that, hugging Dean tightly. “You really think so?”
“Apart from when I was a demon.”
Cas makes the giraffe nod at Jimmy and Dean just can’t believe how wholesome the scene before him is. Cas is
This is the photo Dean takes of Cas: https://casdeanbee.tumblr.com/post/184505756834
Jody smiles again at the two of us while fluffing up a pillow in the arm chair by the double doors. “So, dinner is in about 45. I’ll leave you two to get settled.” She informs before leaving the room and closing the door behind her.
. What you’re going through right now is impossibly tough, but you’re doing it. You’re doing it and I just feel so much love for you, I can’t even begin to explain.” He cups Cas’ cheek and runs his thumb over his cheekbone, wiping tears as he goes. “I’m so glad I get to be here for you. I
We decided on a buffet thing, because we have no idea what everyone does and doesn’t like.
As the pot is more or less full, I point the last of Cas’ flow into the toilet. He risks a glance at me, but I just give him a big, reassuring smile. Damn, I feel like a proud father. The angel doesn’t return my smile, but his eyes flick between me and the wall a couple of times before I see the corners of his mouth pull up the tiniest bit.
Cas looked at him like he was crazy. “Random photo much?”
We bought a lot of decorations because we had no idea how many we’d need. It’s been a long time since me and Sam got a Christmas tree.
“Of course, Cas. It’s just between you and me. No one else.” Dean reassures him.
Sometimes the sex we have is rough, sometimes not.” Cas finally turns and looks at Dean. “Does that answer your question?”
Black and white, wrong and right. Similar things.
Dean nods with a smile squeezing Cas’ waist for a moment before gesturing to the plate with a small portion. “That one’s yours. Gabe made you less.”
Cas bites his lip, feeling excited. “I…I think I’m gonna train a new receptionist.” He waits for Dean’s reply.
“Yes. Apparently I’ve given up. All I want to do is have some peace for a while.”
They keep at this for a while, just appreciating each other like this.
“Hold on to what you try to be, your individuality, when the world is on your shoulders, just smile and let it go!” He smiles, pointing at Jimmy. His son does make eye contact and Cas can see amusement starting to make its way into his face.
“The one who was under the table, yup.”
Either way, it makes him sad that Cas had to go through all that. It’s awful.
need to go.
“How did you eat that?!” Daniel exclaims, watching as Gabe uses a napkin to wipe his mouth. Both desserts eaten.
“I don’t either.” I laugh.
“Does he? Okay, well that’s useful. We’re right next to the sea.” Cas smiles.
“Awesome. I don’t have to haul your ass around everywhere now.” I laugh, and I can see from Cas’ smile that he knows I’m joking. Thank
nervous about trying not to act too different. Cas hasn’t actually said what apocalypse-him is like in detail, so he’s assuming not
“I know. He’s more or less over that now. It doesn’t scare him anymore.” Dean supplies.
Dean takes in a deep breath, fiddling with his shoelace. Cas is usually the one who is best at explaining things to Jimmy. He’s new to this.
want to do. Of course, you were stuck under the influence of Zachariah and Raphael for a long time, but look how you turned out. You are the one who showed the angels that free will
Pushing the door open to the bathrooms, I see that thankfully there is no one else in here and pull the angel along into one of the cubicles. He’s already started fumbling around with his pants, so desperate that his fingers are getting tangled and he’s just getting even more worked up.
When I wake, I feel slightly disorientated, as if my body doesn’t know whether it’s up or down or anything.
“...I ran away.” He admits, voice sounding a bit wavery. Cas doesn’t want him to get upset again, but he thinks Jimmy might manage since they’re at home now.
“Jack, what happened to staying where I can see you?” He says, not liking that fact that when Jack meets his gaze, he looks a little shaken up.
“We were talking about you going home.” Dean informs him. He doesn’t say anything. “…do you need to go home?” Dean asks the big question.
She laughs. “Sounds like you had fun anyway.”
The mint from Dean’s toothpaste tastes sweet, and all Cas can smell is the faint, lingering aroma of Dean’s aftershave from this morning.
This is okay though. It’ll be fine.
“Why did you order salad, of all things.” Gabriel frowns in disgust at Alfie’s meal choice.
I was back early enough this morning to look after Jimmy while you guys were at the doctor’s.” Gabe gives him a deliberate cheesy smile. “So you had some hot sex last night, huh Cas? Got dirty? Did the diddly?”
hand wrap around his back under his coat where it was unzipped.
Dean rolls his eyes and mocks his words silently when Blondie turns his back, but his fun is short lived when he sees Cas in the corner.
.” Dean glances at his side mirror, checking there isn’t anyone on his right before pulling over in shoulder.
“Do you guys not have a Christmas tree?” Claire asks, glancing around in case she missed something.
everything’s okay. I
“What for?” Dean frowns in confusion.
“Right outside.”
I hand Cas a bottle of water. He accepts it thankfully. He starts sipping at it slowly whereas there’s just me right here necking half the bottle.
Dean returns his hands to hold Cas’ balls, feeling that they’re much tighter than before so Cas is nearly there. With that, Dean presses a few more kisses to Cas’ heated dick before shifting all the way back up to be eye level with his angel once he’s shucked off his own pants and boxers.
She nods and walks out of the room silently.
“Yeah.” Cas sighs.
. I’ve never seen Cas properly storm out of somewhere before. If I think about what he looked like a couple of minutes ago – red eyed with tears streaming down his face – I hate myself even more. He was trying to tell me what was wrong but I was having none of it. He was feeling shitty as it was and now he’s feeling worse
"I...don't know. I was largely an accident, a product of putting you back together body and soul, which took work since you were fighting me the whole time." Dean chews on the inside of his cheek. He doesn't remember much of his ascent from hell -- flashes, sometimes, when he's dreaming. It was hot and loud and he felt like he was suffocating. The weeks after Cas died, Dean would dream of feathers, every time. Being put back together after he had cracked on the rack wasn't something he wanted because he was afraid of what he had become. But Cas had done it -- an angel, a being as old as time, had pieced him back together and stamped his seal on Dean, the righteous man, and then showed up in his life looking like a tax accountant to clean up his messes for the next decade. And
"I....Can I ask you something?" Cas doesn't even answer, just nods, as if Dean should know that the answer is always going to be yes. "Alright. Well, uh, do you remember when you pulled me out?" He doesn't clarify, but he knows Cas will get it.
"I...yeah. Yeah, I did think...uh...something like that."  Cas hums and looks away, taking a sip of his own water.
And on his shoulder? A handprint -- like someone had gripped him hard, gripped him with purpose. The mark is seared into him but does not feel out of place on his freckled skin. It is red, raised, but it is not angry. It is...warm, and as he stares at it, Dean's mind goes unbidden to a thought he often squashes down -- a thought he has not had in a long time.
Well, fast forward to Dean crawling out of his own grave and finding that he is not only a whole lot of not dead but that something -- some
to himself as he tries to save the god damned world.
"Seeing it was an indicator, yes.  But it's always just felt like what I feel now." His brow furrows. "Well, not always. I didn't know what it was in the beginning, but once I understood it, I knew that's just how it was always going to be. I've always been in love with you, Dean."
Well, how can he answer that? Before he opens his mouth, he's alone again.
exactly Dean is running from. But for some reason she decides she doesn't care, or that she doesn't care
, because she cups his cheek and brings her mouth back down to his.
"Why?" At this, Cas's mouth falls into something of a frown and his eyes drive to Dean's shoulder.
"Why did you want to tell me this?" he asks. Dean's face is still hot, and damn if it doesn't get hotter when he realizes he's really going to say it.
more than anything. How could Cas just let go like that, leaving Dean to yet again deal with the fucking ridiculous turmoil in his chest they they
But every time she touches it from then on, the handprint feels cold.
"Well, I guess I just wanted to see what you thought about that. That Chuck confirmed that we fucked up his whole plan by being...us. You and me." He swallows again, looks at Cas dead on. "This profound bond fucked with God's plan."
And so it goes.
, he thinks.
Cas shakes his head. Dean had told him the basics about how it went down, willing Sam and Jack to let him do this part in his own time.
Dean lets out a hysterical chuckle at the thought of Cas being in the Empty. Isn't that where Dean is now? The vastness of the void inside of him sure as hell feels a lot like endless nothing.
"Do you uh, do you have a mark or something?" he asks. Cas shakes his head and a part of Dean is disappointed, though he doesn't know how he'd have marked Cas anyway. It's not like his palm was red or anything to match Dean's shoulder, right?
