Whatever was going on between them, Dean was looking forward to Christmas Eve.
“What does that even mean?”
“Okay, okay, can we stop for just a goddamned minute here? Is Cas gonna be okay?” Gabe stopped sifting through Cas’ wing and folded it carefully back inwards.
Cas didn’t actually care what they were making. Dean had seemed shocked when Cas said he wasn’t familiar with peppermint, so they began working through the instructions on how to make something called peppermint bark. All Cas cared about was how easily Dean was laughing. How often Dean put himself into Cas’ space when it used to be Dean who would lecture the angel about personal space. What Cas really couldn’t stop thinking about was how Dean had told him that he’d found the only angel that mattered when looking at Cas. Cas couldn’t be completely sure what Dean meant by saying that, but he did know that the words had swept through him in a rush of warmth and joy.
After purchasing toothbrushes, toothpaste, and various other essentials, Charlie had dragged Cas away for what she had said was a secret mission. Dean had shrugged, willing to give their adopted sister whatever she wanted, and then he assigned Sam to waiting in the long 4 shopping days left until Christmas line while he wandered off to the toy section of the store. Dean snagged the Scooby-Doo themed Clue game, thinking it would be nice to have a family board game night while they were snowed in. He would have gotten some beer as well, but this was one of those places that only allowed separate liquor stores to sell alcohol. He decided to get apple cider and some plastic cups instead as he figured if their suite had a stove or even a microwave, he could make it work with some cinnamon sticks.
“I’m fine Sam. I believe it worked, my grace flowing through my wings unencumbered after so long was – painful. I have adjusted though.” Cas took a deep breath and Sam helped him stand. “I guess there’s nothing left but to try and see how much I can manifest them.” Cas looked around the library skeptically.
“You basically just need to feel close to one another, these bonds aren’t really physical, that’s just one way to activate them. Cassie will start getting noticeably weaker if the soul drain starts again.” Cas and Dean both indicated that they understood.
“Wow kid, I can’t say I’ve seen anything like these before…” Gabriel reached into the plane where angels would keep their wings and gently threaded his fingers through the down of the iridescent black wings. Gabriel’s wings, like the other archangels’ wings, were considered some of the most magnificent in heaven. Even in comparison, Castiel’s wings were magnificent with the compliments of grace and soul dancing together. The black had the depth of the deepest reaches of space. As he pet the soft down, it was almost as if new stars came to life in the wake of his fingers. When the light hit just right the wings alternatively looked blue, purple, green… it was as if entire universes were contained in the wings. Looking more carefully Gabriel frowned in concern. Wings were the easiest way to ascertain the relative power of an angel, and there was something slightly off about these. There was a small instability, and Gabe realized that grace alone may not be quite enough to maintain this new life. Shaking his head, he realized it could wait until they were somewhere safer.
A quick trip for formula and bottles was easy enough. Gabriel left Rowena to feed the not-a- Nephilim while he found a poor unsuspecting baby store employee to explain what infants need to survive. It was over two hours later when Gabriel returned with a pack-and-play and other necessary supplies in something the clerk had called a diaper bag. Rowena had placed a now sleeping Castiel into a large woven basket that smelled of dried herbs and was absentmindedly rocking the makeshift bassinet with her foot while pouring over an old tome.
“Now that I think about it, I did used to have dreams that I had wings when I was a child. I’d play with another child, one without wings, but I can’t remember much more about them right now. I think I’m too tired.”
If nostalgia for Cas meant calling not-pies, pies – then who was Dean to argue? As long as it meant having Cas smiling and laughing here with Dean, he was happy to make all the not-pie Cas could ever want.
“Alright, well there’s not much more we can do tonight.” Castiel nods and watches Dean dig through his bag. Dean hesitates for a moment and Castiel begins to wonder if he forgot something at the bunker. Dean shakes his head and pulls a bundle out of his bag, tossing it to Castiel.
“Don’t worry about Bobby, he’s just updating my brother on the situation and then he’s going to go get my car. Answer the question.”
Dean was roused from his thoughts with the sound of the doorbell. Sparing only a moment to check his appearance in the mirror, Dean rushed to greet his date. He was a bit nervous for Cas to see his house, but if Dean wanted this thing between them to really work it was important that his boyfriend see what he was getting himself into. Dean threw open the door enthusiastically.
“Does it feel okay?” Cas manages to pull himself away from Dean just enough to see his face.
“Heya. You guys have fun on your angel hunt?” Charlie smiled brightly as Sam looked between Dean and Cas with a thoughtful look on his face. Cas emerged from behind the menu, his cheeks brighter red than they had been in the cold.
“You can feel me? I wasn’t sure if you’d be able to.” Dean nods slowly as he presses his hand over his chest.
Dean found it easy to relax around Castiel, more so than with anyone else he’d met, the possible exception being Charlie. Being with Cas somehow made all the rest of Dean’s life, all the stress and anxiety, blood and pain, fade into the background as if all of Dean’s screwed up back history was comfortably locked away in the very distant past. Dean was sure the real world would catch up to them soon enough, but he was willing to enjoy the unexpected vacation from his life for the time being.
“Alright Sammy, I’ll fill Cas, Gabe, and Bobby in later and see if we can’t come up with a plan that doesn’t get your and Charlie’s panties in a twist.”
“Why would anyone give you an infant to care for? The child is hungry. Go off with you. Fly away and get something to feed the babe.” Rowena continued to her library and started looking over the spines of the books, Gabe trailing behind her.
“How do you know about those?” Dean raised his eyebrows and waited Gabe out. Rolling his eyes at the stubborn human, who he could easily snap out of existence, Gabe decided to humor him on the off-chance Cassie would be pissed at Dean’s sudden absence.
“Having someone like you checking me out definitely doesn’t make me uncomfortable. If it makes you feel better, I came out hoping to ask if you’d be interested in going to the Harvest Festival tonight. I have to work for a bit at my store’s booth but if you were free around 7, I’d love to talk with you more. Even if it’s just whatever you wanted to talk to me about before.” Dean smiled flirtatiously at Cas, and there was no way to resist that.
“What? Why? Rowena’s place is pretty heavily warded.” Dean huffed in annoyance, Sam sucked at taking orders, even when time was short.
“I understand, but you need this medicine Dean. Your RA will flare right back up without it. If that happens you eventually won’t be able to work at all. Even skipping doses is ill-advised, letting the inflammation persist could eventually cause permanent damage to your joints.”
Waking up slowly, Cas found that standing wasn’t really an option. His head throbbed painfully, forcing what little remained of his breakfast to almost exit his stomach. Fighting back the nausea, Cas saw that he was in what looked like a human sized bird cage with some sort of magic disrupting cuffs locked onto his wrists. The sigils on the cuffs flared up when Cas tried to pull on his innate healing abilities to soothe the throbbing pain that seemed to move through his whole body. He felt like he’d been run over by a car or something, though at least there didn’t seem to be any broken bones to worry about. Taking a few deep breaths to try and clear his head, Cas took a closer look at his surroundings.
“I dunno, maybe she’s looking at the other stuff to do here since her booklet is in your pocket.” Cas looked unconvinced but turned back towards Dean anyway.
Gabriel knew something was wrong. He should have found Castiel sooner, but maintaining his few contacts with access to Heaven was part of how Gabriel had kept the boy hidden and safe all these years, so when his nephew said he was safe with the older Winchester boy he’d accepted it. After all, one of Gabriel’s own feathers was embedded in Cassie, he’d always be able to fly to him in a matter of seconds if needed – not that the kid was aware of that fact.
“We don’t need a specified amount; we can get away with most anything. Maybe just hair or something small, we needn’t steal an entire corpse.” Dean sighs in relief, that’s one less complication.
Since the Harvest festival they’d only managed to meet up for coffee a few times, but they had a date planned for tonight. Dean had asked Cas what his favorite baked treat was and Cas had immediately responded with peach pie. Dean had then brought Cas a slice of his bakery’s peach pie while Cas was studying one night and while Cas had enjoyed it, he’d eventually confessed that he’d meant his grandmother’s recipe when he’d talked about it earlier. That had led to Dean insisting Cas share the baked good that was better than his peach pie and Cas had agreed to get a hold of the recipe.
While puzzled by the mystery, Gabe knew he needed to bind his nephew’s angelic powers again before his soul gave out. Gabe would ask Rowena what she thought later, for now he should get started on the binding.
“Sam’s brother? Is Sam okay then?”
Yes, pessimism seemed the most logical response to the whole situation. Castiel concentrated on keeping a neutral expression on his face as Bizzaro-Poppins smirked at him. She soon turned and began sweeping a few important looking items into a bag, as Cas tried to maintain his composure. As much as he didn’t want to be murdered and used as a spell component by this woman, from what he had heard about the Demon Coven, that may actually be a more pleasant option than what awaited him. All too soon, she finished packing and disappeared back up the stairs.
One of the servers led them to a circular corner booth and brought out waters and menus for while they waited for the rest of their group. Dean pretended to be looking at the menu as he silently studied Cas on the other side of the table. He was always drawn to the angel’s intensely blue eyes, so much bluer than his vessel’s had been. Dean had thought maybe it was just his imagination that he could see something of the true angel in those eyes until he had spent more time with Claire. Jimmy’s daughter had her father’s eyes, Cas’ eyes weren’t quite the same. They were deeper somehow; it was why Dean sometimes forgot that he was staring at the angel for awkward amounts of time, it was like he could drown in the stormy blue irises.
But then came Cas with his sky-blue eyes and messy brown hair, barreling into Dean’s life as an unexpected breath of good things here in the present. Suddenly Dean’s attachment to his past seemed less important. Dean wanted to live in the here and now, he wanted to build something more for himself with Cas by his side.
Still gasping for breath, Castiel felt panic creeping into his thoughts. He spent most of his childhood safe with his uncle, and the rest of his time under Rowena’s watchful eye. He had no context for this. He’d trained for years in self-defense but had never thought he’d have to apply that knowledge. Should he fight hard enough that the coven is forced to kill him? Should he go peacefully and hope cooperation means he won’t be injured further? Should he be passive and hope an opportunity arises for escape? The man holding onto his cuffs yanks Cas forward, practically dragging him up the stairs and Cas trips over steps he can’t see. As he stumbles onto a dirt floor, and then outside onto the grass, Cas comes to the conclusion that his best chance is waiting for the right moment to try and escape. He’s still injured from the roof collapse earlier, and his throat aches as he slowly regains his breath. Right now, even if he got away, it would only be for a few minutes at most. He’d have to wait for a better opening, and run as soon as he could.
Just before the power drain overwhelmed him, Cas felt something tear away from his back, pulsing with the power of Cas’ spell and his fervent wish to save Dean’s life. Blue light saturated the car, and Cas could feel every life force in the area surrounding them, including the twisted demonic presence responsible for hurting Dean. As Cas spiraled into unconsciousness, he sent out one last flicker of intent towards the creature that had attacked them. Castiel didn’t even feel the demonic life force as it was snuffed out by his newly released Grace.
“Get Charlie to reverse track these jackasses, go in guns blazing, kill anyone who gets in our way. Easy as pie, and you know how I like pie.” Dean could actually hear Sam’s bitchface over the phone. Who needed video chat with people like Dean’s little brother?
“Did you have something in mind with these?”, Cas asked looking at the debris of the prior bunker residents.
“Yeah,” Gabe agreed “he’d have to be almost dead for you to have needed that kind of power to heal him. The thing I don’t completely understand is why you survived. Your wings are full of energy, and without the binding spell they should have burnt out your soul, but every time green-eyes here touches you, the soul drain stops. When you two were sucking face your soul and Grace almost stabilized for a moment. Thus, I’m thinking he’s your soul buddy.”
“I don’t think that’s gonna kill it man. We’ve already unloaded two clips into that thing, just made it madder.” Dean looked around for anything else to barricade the door but there wasn’t a whole lot in here and he doubted the Yeti would be slowed down by much.
“Oh, wait up Cas.” Dean quickly pulled out a value pack of toothbrushes and handed one to the healer along with his toothpaste. Cas gave him a grateful smile and closed the bathroom door.
“I’ll take care of it, Sam.” If nothing else Dean knew that he owed this Cas guy his brother’s life. If he was still alive Dean would get him back.
“Shh, Anna, tell me what happened.” Gabriel tried to heal some of the damage done to Anna but was horrified to see that her grace had been damaged, possibly beyond his ability to help. As he tried to assess the extent of her injuries the bundle in her arms began to move and the blanket fell away to reveal a human infant. Gabriel sucked in a shocked breath as he noticed the baby’s eyes flickering with pieces of both grace and human soul. “Anna, I can’t help if you don’t tell me what’s going on. Where did this Nephilim come from and why is your grace so badly depleted?”
“In fairness to my grandmother I believe that she was more physically fragile by the time she switched. She couldn’t spend as long in the kitchen.”
Sam had sounded panicked on the phone, so while Dean didn’t have a clear picture of what the hell was going on, he floored it and made it to Rowena’s in record time. He was grateful that he’d already been in the same state as Sam, and not in the middle of a case somewhere half-way across the continent. Parking Baby in Rowena’s driveway Dean didn’t even make it halfway to the door before his younger brother was shoving him back towards the car.
Dean was tempted to try and pick off the asshole witches with his hunting rifle, but from everything he knew about the Demon Coven that might not be enough. Based on the times his Dad had tried to go after Azazel, the man John believed was responsible for his wife’s death, there was a good chance those guys were actually demons. There was a reason Dean had an anti-possession tattoo after all.
Cas had been mostly quiet since their emotionally charged moment in the drive thru line. While part of Dean regretted the interruption from the car that had been behind them, another more rational part wanted to get a handle on what exactly was drawing the two of them together. He could admit that regardless of the unusual circumstances he wouldn’t have been opposed to pursuing something with Cas under more normal conditions. After all, the guy was hot with his blue eyes and tousled dark hair. Knowing that helped, so maybe learning more about Cas would make Dean feel even better about the whole situation.
“You’re welcome but yeah, let’s get inside.”
“Alright. If nothing else I agree we should find a gift for Charlie.” Dean grinned and bumped his shoulder on Cas.
He vaguely heard a conversation about witches, demons, and Cas saving Dean’s life going on in the background, but really Gabe didn’t have the time to worry about human problems. Cassie’s wings were more beautiful than ever, too full, and completely unbound. Why hadn’t his Grace already used up his soul? It didn’t make sense; his soul was weakening but with the way Cassie’s wings were radiating power Gabe shouldn’t have been in time to help.
“Sam.” Castiel wondered why Sam had called when he was going to be at the bunker in the next half an hour.
“I’m sorry your brother won’t be home as soon as you’d hoped. I know you’ve missed him since he started his freshman year at Stanford.” Dean squeezed Cas’ hand in response and then pulled him into the bakery kitchen.
“In that spirit, I have a secret I’d like to share.” Dean’s breath smells like apples and Cas idly wonders how much of his own products Dean subsists off of. It’d be easy to lean in and see how much Dean tastes like the pies he creates.
“It’s that talking dog.” Cas seemed pleased that he knew the game’s theme. Dean tentatively smiled at him.
“Hold on, let me find the switch.” Dean fumbles around for a few seconds and then switches on the string lights draped around the room. Cas doesn’t say anything for a long stretch of time, his eyes wide as he takes in the bed with a navy-blue bed set, the giant stuffed bee pillow that Dean thinks is called a pillow pal or something, the used dresser they had dragged out of storage and set up an old boombox on top of, the mismatched mirror and cork board with pins, the desk with the laptop Cas often uses next to a charging station, and the constellation themed throw rug on the floor. The walls had been painted a pale blue and there were two framed posters of what Dean thought were botanical gardens on the wall. The door Dean had closed had a hook on the back, with a soft robe and ridiculous fuzzy bee slippers that Sam had managed to find somewhere.
“Doesn’t matter how willing you are right now, kids. You need to talk to Rowena if you want more information. I could probably come up with a temporary solution, but I’d rather wait a few days for Cassie’s power levels to stabilize. Once the damage that nasty witch did to his wings heals, then I can try binding them again. In the meantime, lover boy should stay nearby.” Dean pulled Cas closer to him at Gabe’s words.
“DEAN!” Cas sounded both angry and devastated as he chased after the vampire, but Dean just yelled out instructions, all too aware what this probably looked like from Cas’ point of view.
“Yes, Dean. Afterwards I’d still suggest decapitation and burning whatever is left, just to make sure it stays dead.” Cas closed the laptop and pushed it aside.
“You shouldn’t feel different. You can look now.” Castiel hears a soft gasp behind him. “Tell me what you can see, Dean.”
“Sorry Cas, what was that?”
“Thank you for telling me that Sam. I am happy for anything I can do for Dean, and you.” Cas was silent for a moment, gazing off into the distance, but he then seemed to recall where he was. With a small shake of his head, he returned to the task at hand. “Well, I suppose we should see how much the spell helped.” Sam stood back and watched Castiel close his eyes in concentration. He seemed to be struggling with something and then Sam felt a rush of energy sweep past him. He saw two massive shadowy wings unfurl behind the angel. They were gaps where Sam thought there should be feathers, but they were still extremely impressive.
“Uh, yeah. I was just saying that she said she’d stop by the bunker in about a week. I’d hoped she would come for Christmas but she can’t make it.” Cas reached his hand out to gently touch Dean’s shoulder for just a moment, wishing he had a reason to keep his hand there longer.
Dean would be gone for hours if he stuck to the plan Sam had been helping him with. Sam felt that, just maybe, things would go exactly has he hoped they would go. Dean seemed genuinely committed to treating Castiel better. Personally, Sam chalked it up to passing on Mom’s conversation with Cas’, Dean seemed to have taken the idea that Cas felt he didn’t belong here to heart.
“Maybe. I mean, I can bind him again and his soul will recover. Or, if I’m right you can help him more than I can.”
“I didn’t mean it like that, bitch.”
“Is this place in walking distance?” Sam shook his head but Charlie assured him that her current car was a four-wheeler and could easily make the 7-minute drive to their accommodations. Castiel pointed out that if the storm was really that bad, they should get their food to-go. They all fell into a comfortable silence while they made their food choices and Charlie found a 24-hour Walmart right up the street so they could grab whatever they all needed for an overnight visit.
Sam made sure that Dean was still occupied in the storage room when Cas arrived. He helped Cas carry in the tree and showed the angel how to hold it so Sam could secure it in the stand. He sent Cas to bring the lights inside while he filled the stand up with water. Cas had purchased multi-colored lights and also had a bag with tinsel which he said the sales clerk had recommended.
“Well, duh, Cassie. It was also to keep you off the Demon Coven’s radar. Guess that part didn’t work out so well.” Cas continued to glower at his uncle, until Dean physically turned his face so he was staring into vibrant green eyes.
“Peppermint bark, excellent. Wow, this is good guys, you have hidden talents!”
“Yeah?”
“I certainly don’t object to spending more time with you, Dean, but we’ve only just met. There’s every chance that you’ll grow tired of this arrangement.” Dean started to protest, but Cas placed his hand over Dean’s mouth before he could speak. “Gabe, is there a downside to rebinding my wings? I’ve lived most of my life not even knowing they were there, and if I’m unstable it seems like the obvious solution.”
Dean reached Cas and crouched down beside the unfairly attractive man. Dammit, Dean had to get these impulses under control, the need to start petting the very unconscious man’s hair was weirdly compelling. Sighing deeply, he took another few moments to try and better assess Cas’ condition and wasn’t encouraged when he found matted blood and bruising on his head. He remembered Sam mentioning Cas had been buried under the roof when it collapsed so it was a safe bet the guy had a concussion, and Dean was pretty sure you weren’t supposed to sleep with a concussion. Or maybe just not sleep for long? Dean wasn’t sure but he figured he should at least try to wake Cas up.
“So, we just need to find a powerful human soul? That’s not too terrible.” Rowena shook her head.
“Hmm, maybe. I dunno, man, there are some tests. Like if you react to silver, iron, holy water, or exorcism. That proves more of what you aren’t than what you are. We can try it when we get you to Bobby’s if you really want, but I’d be willing to bet Rowena knows a helluva lot more than the asshole witches you dealt with today. She ever say anything to you?”
After that trip, they had gotten access to Louisa’s duplex and were now in agreement that she had been a practicing witch dabbling in necromancy. Cas had been on the phone with Rowena during the drive to the ranch giving her a rundown on the information they had in the hopes that she could help then understand more of what was going on. Eventually Cas had given in and called Sam, admitting that the younger Winchester had a much easier time getting Rowena’s cooperation.
“You’re not a witch. That young man who was with you is a witch, you are something else and I know just what to do with unique power signatures like the one you projected when you protected your companion from me.” The creepy witch murmured an incantation under her breath and threw a wave of power towards Castiel. He braced himself, but nothing happened. Bizzaro-Poppins growled in frustration. It seemed like her spell hadn’t worked.
“Oh, you only see my wings?” There was a part of Cas that kind of liked that. It’s not that Dean could see things that normally ony Gabe and Cas saw, it was that Dean could see things about just Cas.
Cas thought that maybe it was a mistake, but after last night he didn’t want to be away from Dean. Once he had pulled a blanket over his exhausted friend, Cas changed into the pajamas Dean had given him again and laid down beside him. He stayed above the covers and just watched Dean sleep. He didn’t tell Dean anymore that he’d watch over him as he didn’t enjoy being called creepy. Dean didn’t seem to understand that watching was part of who Castiel was as an angel. While he had rebelled and fallen it didn’t change his need to watch over the man he pulled out of hell. It would be like going to long without air for a human. Cas needed to watch Dean, to protect him, to assure himself that he was safe.
Sam had argued that a lot of hunters made no exceptions for peaceful witches and that Rowena and anyone she trained would be targeted as well. When Cas suggested they could at least wait a week for Rowena to return, Sam had said that the new witch could easily have taken another victim by that time. Really, Cas had known from the start that there was no talking Sam out of hunting the rogue witch down, but at least he knew that his friend had been safe before everything came crashing down.
“Cas. Is this – is it yours?” Castiel nervously raises his fingertips to Dean’s jaw and slowly raises his gaze to meet Dean’s eyes.
It had taken another week, but Dean had managed to reschedule his and Cas’ baking date. Not that he was in any way opposed to the very pleasurable make out session that had interfered with their last attempt, but Dean wanted more when it came to Cas. So many of Dean’s positive memories of his childhood were associated with baking, and Dean found himself intensely curious about Cas’ love of a very specific peach pie for this very reason.
Ever since Castiel’s brief time as a human he’s found that the emotions he’d been slowly acquiring over the years have amplified at a rate that he has had difficulty adjusting to. He’d hoped at the beginning that regaining his grace would have given him back some of the control that had spiraled away from him, but he can’t help but dwell on almost losing Dean.
It had been two weeks since Cas had awkwardly stuck his nose into Dean Winchester’s personal business and he couldn’t bring himself to regret it. Cas had gone to the Harvest Festival to meet Dean only to be pleasantly surprised to find him running a bakery booth. Dean then began to regale Cas with the tale of how his love of pie had led him to opening his own bakery and while Cas admired Dean for following his passion, he also gained a better understanding as to why Dean struggled with paying for his medication as maintaining a small business was often a balancing act. Even with Dean’s business doing well, the cost of taking care of himself when he had a chronic illness must be a constant stress on him, and not just financially.
“I feel it too, Cas.” Dean’s voice was almost a whisper and Cas found it somehow reassuring that the other man seemed just as affected.
“Yes Dean. I apologize, you were saying something about your mother?” Dean’s 	eyes were back on the road as he responded.
“Hey Cas! C’mon in!” Dean’s smile is bright as he holds open the door and Cas shyly kisses Dean’s cheek as he walks in and pulls off his trench coat, draping it over his arm. Cas is happy that Dean takes the kiss in stride as they had barely done more than hold hands up until this point. He’s aware why he’s taking his physical advances slow, but he hasn’t worked up the nerve to ask why Dean hasn’t made a move. While it feels like he’s known Dean for ages, Cas doesn’t want to presume that the handsome baker feels the same way, and as Cas has little previous experience with relationships to draw on, he’s unsure as to what is normal and what isn’t at this point in time.
“Shit Dean, what good will these do against that thing??”
Sam had thought it was pretty obvious. Literally everything Cas did was for Dean. He responded when Dean called or prayed (a lot more frequently than he acknowledged Sam). He defied heaven for Dean. They shared a ‘profound bond’. They stared at each other intensely for awkward stretches of time. Meanwhile Dean worried himself sick over Castiel when the angel was out of contact for any length of time. Every time Cas had been in real danger Dean would lovingly cradle the angel’s face when he thought no one else was watching. Sam also saw Dean genuinely smile more and more often the longer Cas was around. Honestly, Sam was fairly certain everyone knew the two of them were head over heels for each other except for them. Even Mom had asked about it.
“I can’t thank you enough Dean, having my magic bound like that was suffocating and that head injury must have been getting progressively worse, I’m almost wiped out from healing myself.” Dean noticed that he’d been staring at Cas and shook his head to try and clear away whatever it was that was drawing him to the guy. Giving Cas a fast once over he saw that he did, in fact, look healed up. Dean was impressed, but it was time to go. Dean scooped up the cuffs and threw him in his bag, figuring they might come in handy at some point.
“Dean?” Cas’ voice sounded worried. “Can you come look at something for me?”
The brothers managed to make it before the snow monster had caught up with them. The station was right by a rather steep hill and was surrounded by trees on most sides. Dean quickly accessed the area as Sam reloaded his handgun. Dean started to push the bookshelf over to help block the door.
Dean's experiences with RA are loosely based on my own experiences.
"Good point, angel, let me help you out there.” Dean snagged the precariously balanced pizza and wing boxes and kicked the door closed behind Cas. Leading him over to the kitchen, Dean placed the containers on the counter of the small island. Cas set the grocery bag down and before Dean could say a word, soft and slightly chapped lips were pressed to his own. Opening up eagerly to his boyfriend, Dean couldn’t help but think that kissing Castiel was the only thing that really mattered.
“Really? You want to know about… alright, hold on.” Bemused, Charlie pulled out a booklet and flipped through. “Here.”
“Hey, want to ask if we can drive through the light display if we have time before we leave? It looks kinda awesome.” Castiel didn’t exactly smile but Dean could tell the suggestion pleased him. Dean wasn’t always sure why, but he was much better at reading Castiel than anyone else. Dean drove around to the back to park his car in what he assumed was the employee parking lot. They made their way through the staff entrance and asked around until they found Louisa’s sister.
The Yeti screeched again and Dean thought that maybe it was part banshee. He was starting to wonder if his ears would ever work properly again. Dean threw open the back door just as he heard the front one start to shatter. The sight of its prey escaping seemed to give the Yeti a burst of energy and Sam’s eyes widened at the sight of the door and walls being ripped away as if they were nothing more than paper.
However, with only 5 days left until Christmas, Sam had managed to kick Dean out of the bunker so he could focus on helping Cas with his spell. Dean had a lot of shopping to do anyway, and the stores were sure to be crowded enough to keep him out for hours. The streets were pretty snowy as well, and Dean couldn’t drive as fast as he normally would in the Impala because of it. Sam went looking for Cas in the library.
On the night of Christmas Eve Dean couldn’t sleep. Things had been going so well for him that he’d become convinced it was going too well. Which was, of course, ridiculous, but since when had anything gone the right way for him? He stared at his ceiling trying to will his brain to shut the hell up and let him get some sleep. He told himself that there was absolutely no reason to believe it would all come crashing down. He and Cas had been getting along amazingly well, Sam was happy that Dean was happy, and it was Christmas tomorrow and he was fairly certain his gift to Cas would go over well. He even deviated somewhat from his normal gift for his health freak of a brother because he was feeling the Christmas spirit or whatever. So, yeah, if only his mind wouldn’t keep turning to all the ways tomorrow could go wrong, maybe he’d be awake enough in the morning to enjoy the holiday.
They began a heated discussion of where they should look next for the last angel. While they were debating the merits of looking in the small train museum it started to snow and Cas took a few seconds to enjoy the sight of the flakes falling on the beautiful street below. They made there way back inside thinking that they may just have to skip to meeting Charlie and Sam as the restaurant was at the opposite end of the main road and the snow was picking up fast. Dean grabbed Castiel’s mug to return them to the front and the angel pulled the blue and white knit hat he’d picked up over his head. He’d made Dean get one as well, in green and red, something he’d probably be less resistant too now that it was snowing. Castiel smiled at the memory of Dean’s protests over the pompom on top of the hat.
“Well, as long as you guys are okay, I guess. Do we have a plan beyond hiding out?” Dean gave it a whole 30 seconds of deep thought.
Dean had taken the directions Sam wrote down for him and had made sure his brother had locked himself in Rowena’s house before driving off. Dean knew there was every chance the witch had already fled the area, but if she thought Sam wasn’t really a threat, she may have thought that she had time before anyone else came after her. Dean grabbed one of the hex bags Rowena had made him to fend off curses, his handgun, and the rifle he’d loaded earlier. He also snagged his binoculars, hoping he could scout out the place before approaching too closely.
“When the witch caused pain, it felt like it wasn’t exactly on my back, just near it. Dean, I do seem human to you, right? Sam has told me that you hunt supernatural monsters, do you know a way to tell if I’m not human?” Cas knew he sounded strained; he could hear the stress in his own voice.
“It is though. Seeing you happy is a big deal to me Dean. Look, I just – I want you to know that seeing you making an effort to help Cas feel like he belongs, seeing Cas smiling more than I’ve ever seen him smile, seeing you really content – it’s all I want for you.” Sam waves at Dean to stop him from interrupting. “Look, wait here a sec.”
“Bizzarro-Poppins?” Cas huffed out a small laugh.
Dean didn’t have much time to try anything fancy, so he’d bought himself some breathing rooms while the demon witches were in the house. Grabbing a dirty bucket that he had spotted by a long-abandoned garden hose, Dean dove under the car to drain out the oil, thanking his Uncle Bobby for insisting he always carry a multitool with him. After satisfying himself that the coven’s car engine would seize up before hitting the main road, Dean retreated to the tree line in time to see asshole one and two dragging out a hooded man by some weird looking handcuffs. Texting a quick cell photo to Sam, it was soon confirmed that the coven’s prisoner was Cas.
“Of course, I want you around! Honestly, sweetheart, even if I’m working, you’re more than welcome to come study at the bakery. I know it’s been pretty crowded as the holidays get closer, but in the spring the table by the window would make a great homework spot.”
“Yeah, cause I’m going to touch the hood that was literally just on fire. I don’t think so, let’s just call for another car.”
“Hey Cas, Dean will be gone for hours, do we have everything to try out this spell of yours?” Cas didn’t look up from the papers he was pouring over.
“What good is you bein’ a giant if you can’t do the top of the tree?” Sam just rolled his eyes and went back to digging through the box. It looked like there were some decent looking ornaments mixed in with the odd ones. He wasn’t making much progress because he kept getting distracted watching his brother and Cas work on putting the lights on the tree. Despite being the shortest of everyone in the room, Cas was the one standing on the chair listening carefully to Dean’s suggestions on how to wrap the lights. Looking at the decorations for the box Sam noticed something missing and turned back towards the other two in time to see Cas standing on his toes starting to pass the lights around the tree’s tip.
“Him, Gabriel. Use the rest of my grace to let him live.” The determined look in Anna’s eyes captivated the archangel. He knew she was serious without asking.
“Spit it out, handmaiden. I know something is going on with you and Cas, so you might as well spill.” Dean wasn’t even surprised, he figured he’d been pretty obvious of late and his socially awkward angel was probably the only one who didn’t know there was something going on.
“The guy up front said this snow may turn into a blizzard late tonight, so we should definitely regroup with the others.” Castiel silently held the knit hat up to Dean and rolling his eyes he tilted his head forward a bit so Cas could easily pull it on. Cas opened the door and was quietly happy as Dean took his hand again to lead him through the small crowd of shoppers.
“First Charlie, now you. Am I wearing a fucking sign or something?”
“We should go to Charlie’s chocolate class first, then we can look for other traditions to try.” Dean readily agreed and they hurried to catch up with the others.
“I am fairly certain that the tree would not hold my weight.” This just set Dean off again until Cas dropped the light string on his head.
“Nothing really. It’s just really great to see you so happy.” Dean had the feeling that Charlie was holding back on what she actually wanted to say. He thought rapidly and decided hell with it, he did need to talk to somebody and it was absolutely not going to be Sam. Sam was always way too happy if Dean even mentioned feelings.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay Cas. Now I need you to go convince Dean to help decorate.” Cas looked at Sam suspiciously. “Please Cas? He’s more likely to listen to you. You can also get the old ornaments.” The angel rolled his eyes and went towards the storage area.
“Um, I won’t hurt you, right? I know that, er, birds winds can be fragile, I guess. I know you’re not a bird but they kinda look like -”, Cas cuts Dean off before he starts comparing him to a parakeet.
“No Dean, he’s chosen you over Heaven.” Sam wasn’t right, was he? Dean felt a massive headache starting, he was drowning in thoughts. “Dean. Pay attention.” Dean’s head snapped back up and looked at Sam.
“I’m thinking of the day Jack bound us more closely together. About seeing you, I guess in some ways for the first time. You’re so damn beautiful, sweetheart. You shine like every goddamned star in the universe all rolled in together.” Cas’ shining blue eyes locked with Dean’s, and Dean gasped as he saw the love contained there.
Castiel lets himself feel all of the emotions that had been let loose from his time as a human. It’s a risk, even with everything that’s happened between him and Dean this past week, Castiel is well aware he could be setting himself up for disappointment. He just doesn’t have it in him anymore to resist the feelings pounding at his grace enforced walls. He wants to feel the joy at Dean making a room for him here in the bunker, for telling Castiel that he belongs here. He wants to feel the bubbly happiness at the absurd bee pillow on his bed, the swooping feeling of loving Dean more than he has loved anything for the entirety of his existence. Maybe he’s diving off a ledge with no ability to fly, but he refuses to stop every glorious feeling permeating his being as he drags Dean back to the Christmas tree. He gazes up at the doll version of himself propped up on top of the tree, takes in the Scooby-doo ornaments he’d brought home to make Dean and Sam smile, wrinkles his nose at the truly awful taste earlier Men of Letters had in décor, and indulges in a goofy grin at the lights he and Dean put up together. He dives towards the handful of presents underneath the tree and picks up two small ones carefully wrapped and garnished with curly ribbon. He pockets the smallest of the two, and turns around to press the larger of them into Dean’s hands.
“Yes Dean?”
“Jerk. Sure, you did, and I’m really happy for you man.” Sam couldn’t help but smile as his brother mumbled incoherently for a moment, obviously not having any idea what to say. While Dean sorted himself out Sam finished up with the lights.
Dean wasn’t easily impressed these days, but even he had to admit that the tree growing out of the grave was unlike anything he’d come across before. The historic cemetery in the middle of Missouri had its fair share of trees, but they had come here for this one. Cas stood next to him looking like he was attempting to interrogate the tree with his mind. For a moment Dean was distracted by the angel, smiling a bit at the memory of the time Cas had insisted on interrogating a cat. Luckily, Cas had gotten better at blending in, so at least he wasn’t actively asking the tree questions. There was the sound of someone clearing their throat to Dean’s other side and Dean directed his attention back to the cemetery’s caretaker, Mrs. Paige.
Lost in the feeling, Cas was startled by the sound of a gunshot. He saw the human thug throw himself to the side of the car, presumably to get away from the shooter. Shaking himself free from his shock, Cas surged forward. He hit the lock release, pulled back, and threw himself out the door and took off running. He followed the thrumming, not knowing what it was but some deeply buried instinct telling him that the feeling was something important. Somehow Cas knew that there was some essential part of himself hidden in the woods and that he needed to find it.
Castiel looked back down and the angel lore and spell books lying in front of him. He thought, maybe, he had an idea. “I actually could use your help Sam. Not with tracking Lucifer though, I need help finding a different spell. I think I can shop for a gift right here in the bunker.”
Dean was momentarily distracted by a sleek black sedan that did not look like it belonged in the middle of the woods, making its way up the dusty driveway. He watched as the vehicle braked, kicking up even more dust at the abrupt stop. The two men exiting the now parked car were an even more unwelcome sight. Even from a distance Dean recognized the tattoos on their hands – Demon Coven, Azazel’s people.
“Of course, I put gas in it, you idiot! Get out and check the fucking engine!” Unsurprisingly, the black-eyed thug was calling the shots.
“Cas?”
“Bees? You asked them for this mug, didn’t you?” Dean chuckled.
Not a continuation of Days 1 & 4.
“No, no, no. C’mon Dean, please come back to me!”
“Dean. The entire reason we are here without Sam is so he can rest. He needs to sleep to get over the flu, especially since he refused to let me heal him. I am more than capable of finding the information, perhaps while you visit the historical society.”
“Cas! Wake up man, what the fuck happened? Cas? Cas?” Gabe ducked down and saw a sandy-haired and distinctly freckled man pulling up Gabe’s unconscious, shirtless, and bloody nephew from where he’d been collapsed on the car floor. Gabe looked closely at his nephew, not even flinching when he noticed the unknown man (who surely must be Sam’s brother, based on the message Cassie had left Gabe) had pointed a gun at his face.
“I’m sorry if it seems like I’m moving too fast, inviting you over for a holiday and all.”
“I can only make them partially corporeal here. Without the potion they have an impression here, the snow falls on them, I can use them as a shield, but you can’t see them except for a shadow. So, please Dean, tell me what you see. I want to know how much of me you can see.” Cas’ can hear his voice grow smaller with need as he speaks, but he can’t deny how much it means to share this small part of himself with the man he loves.
“You’re right, sunshine, we can take our time with this. Okay, Gabe, what’s next?” Uncharacteristically, Gabriel had been sitting quietly while Cas and Dean came to an accord, and Cas couldn’t help but feel a tiny bit of gratitude that his uncle was giving him some space to wrestle with all of this.
Cas inhales sharply as Dean looks right into his eyes, something intense and warm in the way he seems to see more of the angel’s true self in his blue eyes than in the wings themselves. Before Castiel can define what he’s seeing, Dean’s eyes dart to his wings again. Cas notices his wings curling in towards Dean and halts them with a thought. Dean looks almost disappointed, making Cas grin.
“No. I mean I know some things he likes – like bees.” Sam snorted. “But I want to show him that I really do, er, value his friendship, y’know?” Dean was skirting around the idea that he wanted to show Cas that he valued him, just his presence in his life. Who was he kidding? He wanted to show Cas he was loved, but without actually saying it. Dean wasn’t even sure angels could be in love. There was a reason Dean kept his feelings buried, and it wasn’t just because he couldn’t imagine an angel, an actual freaking angel, loving someone like him. Sam just looked thoughtful.
“Yeah, have you ever read older Superman comic books?” Dean shook his head no. “So, there was a place called Bizzarro-world where there were versions of every person in the real world but twisted and wrong. That witch Sam wanted to hunt, she looked like Mary Poppins but had been spending her time killing people and using their bodies for spells. The coven thugs called her Melody though. Which really just makes my name for her more appropriate, I think.”
“Now, but we should go outside to the rooftop. I will require space for this. You may want to get a coat and your boots. I believe it is still snowing.” Dean passes the potion bottle to Cas with an eager grin, and rejoins the angel with his coat and shoes in record time. Cas feels his excitement build as he leads the man he loves to the rooftop where Sam had helped him work on this gift only days before.
Now that he’d cleaned up the mess, Dean would either have to wake up Castiel or carry him back to the Impala. As he walked back over to the passed-out healer, Dean checked his phone for service. Unfortunately, being out in the middle of the woods had some disadvantages, and lack of reliable cell phone service was one of them. Dean knew he’d have to wait until he was closer to the main road to contact Sam, but it’s not like he could just leave Cas here. Dean would just have to trust that it would take Azazel’s people at least a few hours to track down Cas’ information and he doubted anyone would go against Rowena without a plan. Hopefully Rowena’s reputation would be enough to protect Sam until Dean could contact his little brother.
Castiel had known it was a bad idea, but Rowena was out of town and Sam would have gone by himself regardless of Castiel’s participation. Cas hadn’t ever been an impulsive person, and he certainly didn’t fancy himself as a vigilante, but he worried about his younger friend. Sam had been convinced that there was a new witch in the area that was bound to bring in hunters if not dealt with quickly. Cas had never had issues with hunters in the past but Sam seemed especially sensitive about the whole issue. Cas assumed it had something to do with Sam’s brother being a hunter, but as the older Winchester seemed to be on good terms with Rowena, Cas couldn’t be sure.
“Stake it to the tree!” Cas caught on quick and as Dean threw himself out of the way Cas leapt after the thing that had once been Captain Abbot. Cas reached down to where the stake was sticking out and wrenched until the creature’s back was on the trunk of the Wych Elm. Pushing off from the ground Cas slammed the stake further in, until the vampire was stuck to the tree. It screeched as light pulsed from the stake into the tree. The Wych Elm seemed to come to life as it collapsed in on itself, dragging the mutant-vamp back to wherever the tree had come from. Within moments all that was left was a broken gravestone.
“Of course you do.” Castiel could practically here the demon smirking over the phone. “You can pretend if you want, but I’ll tell you what I know about giving the type of present you’d like to give. I have it on good authority from the many humans who have signed themselves away to me that no one really wants things. That’s not what a majority of souls are sold for.” Castiel let out an irritated huff at this stark reminder that while Crowley may be a sometimes ally, he was also a monster. Still…
“Rowena may have overlooked something.” Cas sounded remarkably composed considering how ragged he looked. Dean looked around them desperately for something they had missed. Then he saw how the tree was shivering and pulsing as if trying to reach out to the vampire. Of course!
“What do you want?” Castiel looked up to the ceiling as if it would somehow help him put up with the annoying demon.
“What? What? You just text me to say you and Sam found the trail of a YETI, and then refuse to answer your phone? What if I couldn’t find you in time? What if I hadn’t already figured out it was a witch? I COULD HAVE TOLD YOU IT WAS A WITCH IF YOU HAD ANSWERED YOUR PHONE. Instead I make it just in time to see the two of you throwing yourself off of a mountain!” Dean was all ready to get angry and defensive but found himself defusing as the whole “it was just a witch” thing sunk in. Crap. Cas seemed to have run out of words and was now just glowering intensely at him.
“Sam.”
Dean couldn’t really say no to participating in the chocolate making event when Charlie gave them tickets to attend as a Christmas present. He didn’t even grumble much about it; he didn’t want to make her unhappy and for whatever reason Charlie and Sam were unusually excited about making chocolate. Dean could hear them animatedly debating the merits of milk versus dark chocolate as they walked ahead of him and Cas.
“Yes,” Cas said dryly. “It does seem to be some sort of innate skill on my part.” Dean chuckled and makes sure Castiel records the newest scavenger hunt angel on his list.
“Dean – I – what is all of this?” Cas’ voice is timid as he reaches out to touch the microfiber comforter on the bed.
Thanks so much for reading, comments and kudos are always appreciated!
The following evening found the hunter and the angel at a place called Warm Springs Ranch. When they called Louisa’s sister, she told them she could talk during her break. The ranch ran some sort of Christmas event and Janice Abbot was one of the people in charge of it. Dean tried to play it cool, but he couldn’t help getting a bit excited over the chance to see the Budweiser Clydesdales. He did remind Cas that interrogating the horses was unnecessary to which he had received one of the angel’s full body eyerolls. Dean would never admit it out loud, but he really enjoyed Cas’ sarcasm. He thought the eyerolling was kind of adorable.
“I wish you wouldn’t joke about whatever is going on here, Uncle. If you know what’s happening to me, and to Dean for that matter, I’d appreciate a straight answer.” Cas fixed Gabriel with a serious look, and hoped his uncle understood that he wasn’t in the mood for jokes.
Dean grabbed Cas’ hand to lead him out of the store through the maze of shimmering crystals, painted tarot cards, and velvet draped tables. Cas’ chest felt tight with hope as he allowed himself to be pulled up the stairs towards the door. While, yes, Cas was an angel, that’s not what the word had sounded like when Dean had just said it. Cas felt another wave of grace pulse through his still fragile wings. He kept his grip on Dean’s hand as if it were the only thing keeping him from drowning.
“You need to do something to show him he belongs here Dean.” Sam said this as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. And of course, it was. Dean’s head partially cleared and he started thinking, thinking back to when Cas was the happiest, when he seemed to fit in here on Earth the most, and then Dean knew what present to get his goddamn angel on Earth.
“I’m really glad you like it. I’m hoping this means you’ll be here with us more often.” Cas nods weakly and then draws back from the hug, looking around the room again with something akin to awe on his face. It’s amazing to Dean that an angel who used to live in Heaven could feel anything like awe while looking at the small room in the bunker, but maybe this is more of a home than Castiel has had in a long time, maybe ever. Dean spends a few more minutes showing Cas everything in the room and offers to help Cas move over anything he has stored elsewhere. Cas hugs the bee pillow when he thinks Dean isn’t looking and Dean plays along as if he hadn’t seen. Dean can’t help smiling at how happy he’s made Cas, it makes up for not having realized that Cas was missing this in the first place, at least a little bit.
“Don’t act like you and Charlie weren’t plotting to get Cas and I together. I heard you calling Charlie after you walked in on us this morning.” Dean states while still starting down Sam.
Their moment was harshly interrupted by the sound of a blaring horn. Jumping, Dean quickly moved the car further up the line, having placed his hand back on the steering wheel and leaving Cas feeling oddly bereft. Shaking off the odd notion, Cas pulled his sleeves back into place, wondering what exactly was going on between him and Dean. He barely knew the man and yet it was frighteningly easy to lose himself in those vibrant green eyes.
“Cas, you said your back hurt earlier, when that witch broad fucked with you. Does it still hurt?” Cas burrowed his head into Dean’s neck and mumbled out a muffled ‘no’. Dean ran a hand through Cas’ hair, still damp from the shower, not wanting to touch Cas’ back for the time being. “C’mon, you need to finish drying off, then we can get a better look at your back. The place we’re going tomorrow, Bobby’s, has a pretty decent library. Also, Bobby knows a lot about obscure stuff and he’s sorta friends with Rowena and some of her crowd. Maybe we can get a better idea of what’s going on once we get there.
“I get that, but I guess I just couldn’t let you stand there thinking that this was in any way temporary on my end. I really want to see where this relationship can go, Cas.” Still smiling, Cas gathered up Dean in his arms and Dean melted into the embrace. “That being said, I really do want to get to know you better. I’d like to start with you teaching me about your grandmother’s peach pie.”
“You’re so pretty Cas. I just want to squish your face.” Dean let out a breathy giggle. Cas gazed more closely at Dean. All of a sudden Dean could see Sam as his younger brother came to stand by Cas.
“I’m fairly certain that will quite literally mean ‘touchy-feely crap’.” Dean smirked at Cas’ use of air quotes, but Cas ignored him in favor of trying to clarify his concerns. “Dean, you’re not thinking this through. Gabe says it’s when you’re touching me. That’s not a long-term solution.” Gabe snorted.
They were about an hour out from Bobby’s place by lunch time, and decided to stop at the diner they spotted on the way into town. Pulling into the mostly empty parking lot, Dean idly wondered what kind of pie the place would have as he got out of the car. Distracted, he didn’t see the cement block rocketing towards him until it was too late.
“Dean. Are you listening?” Dean pulled his eyes away from the tree and turned towards Cas who continued to keep his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry, I didn’t take it that way. Did you want to eat or bake first?”
“Hurry up already Dean, I need food!” Dean realized that Charlie was sitting on one of the chairs not so patiently waiting on him.
“I do like bees, yes.” Castiel attempted to maintain a solemn expression but this was ruined when he looked down at the mug again, feeling new feathers forming as his grace pulsed behind him once again. Dean reached across and touched Cas’ arm for just a moment.
“Dean Winchester! You have no idea what you’re getting involved with. I bet you don’t even know that your friend over there isn’t a witch. Azazel won’t stop looking for that one, whatever he really is. I already told Azazel he’s unique and the boss is very much a collector of the strange and unusual. I wouldn’t be surprised if he already sent someone out to find out where the little freak came from.”
“Yeah. If I recall you were very enthusiastic about bees a few years ago.” If Castiel could get any redder out in the biting cold he would have.
“Cool! Anyway, I hope you guys are enjoying this place because we are staying overnight!” Dean tore his gaze away from the menu he was now hiding behind.
“No Cas! Dean found some old decorations in one of the storage boxes and it made me think that it might be nice to decorate a Christmas tree this year.”
“No prob. What are you up to, a photo album or something?” Sam shrugged.
“What are you two talking about?” Cas scowled at them, waiting for an answer. Sam managed to compose himself first.
“Uhh, well, I keep feeling like I want to touch you. Hold you and make you feel better. Mostly just be near you and make sure you’re safe, I guess. I, um, sometimes feel like I want to kiss you but not in the, I want to hook up for a one-night stand kind of way. Mostly I just feel better being around you and I find myself worrying about what could happen to you more than I’d expect for a guy I just met.” Dean’s words ran over themselves, but Cas managed to get the gist. Cas sat down on the bed near Dean, but kept a slight distance given the topic at hand.
It took him less than an hour to find the area Sam had described, and most of that time was spent hiking as he didn’t want to drive directly up to the witch’s hidey-hole. Using binoculars to scope the place out, Dean noted that the building looked like little more than a dilapidated cabin, complete with a collapsed roof in one corner. Dean imagined that must have been where Cas had blasted Sam away from the fight, the debris looked recent. For a healer Cas must be one helluva powerful witch, the damage to the structure was impressive.
“I’ve missed you, it’s so hard to find any time right now. I swear all of my professors conspired to schedule tests and papers right before Fall break.” Dean chuckled, having heard the exact same complaint from Sam the other day.
“Hey, you found it!” Cas had discovered the last scavenger hunt angel. Dean turned to ask Cas if he still had the checklist for the game and was startled to find those startling eyes much closer than he had expected. His heart stuttered and for a moment Dean forgot to breathe. Cas’ eyes were wide and his breath soft and smelling of coffee and peppermint. Dean found himself leaning in as if Castiel’s lips were a force of gravity, and unexpectedly the angel started leaning in as well. Dean gulped air and – heard the scuff of a foot just behind him. Dean jumped in his seat and turned to see Sam and Charlie.
“So, tell him that.” Dean nodded and stared at his feet, thinking. Sam must have assumed the conversation was over because by the time Dean looked up, he was absorbed in his laptop.
“Please don’t cry, Cas.” Castiel is surprised to feel tears drip from his face, he hadn’t realized just how much his emotions were spilling over. Dean wipes the tears away with his thumbs and then he leans in and kisses Castiel.
“That has happened to me more times than I’d like to admit, although I think getting attacked and kidnapped by evil witches is a better excuse than a bender.” Dean was rewarded with a small smile from Cas who took a few sips of water to rinse his mouth out.
“Well, as lovely as our time together had been, I need to be on my way. I’d rather not be here when the Demon Coven comes to pick you up, it’s much easier to be compensated by that group from a distance.” Cas felt himself tense up at her words.
“Well, they have a chocolate making event that people can sign up for. Here. This thing runs every night up until Christmas Eve.” Sam’s phone pinged and he saw Charlie had sent him the link to the Midnight Madness event. He clicked on the chocolate making link and grinned.
“Damn. For that type of long-lasting spell, I’ll have to bind his wings.” Rowena nodded as Gabriel grimaced. Binding an angel’s wings was cruel, considered one of the worst things that could happen to a celestial being. Perhaps being part human Castiel’s soul would compensate for the void where his grace should be, but Gabe hated to bind the baby’s radiant wings.
“It’ll be fine, it’s not like we had a big Thanksgiving planned or anything.” Cas hesitates for a moment wondering if a handful of partial dates was enough to justify spending holidays together. Then he decided he’d already chased after a man he didn’t know because he overheard his private conversation so maybe what he and Dean were doing wasn’t meant to be traditionally paced anyway.
“I would like to try this. Crowley implied this was an important custom, and the store where I purchased the lights had displays of wrapping paper.” Sam smiled brightly but Dean looked over at Castiel, disgruntled.
“Whoa, Cas, it’s fine. I, uh, I’d actually like it to be just us when I give you your gift as well. So maybe Christmas Eve would work better anyway.” Dean carefully avoiding looking at Cas’ face as he could feel a blush creeping up his neck.
“Sam Winchester, you need to tell him that! If you’ve never known Dean to have even considered hooking up with a guy, it will help him to know you support him. I’m sure part of him understands you wouldn’t be bothered, but it helps to hear it.” Sam nodded solemnly still looking at his brother who was busy flipping through the chocolate making menu and laughing at something Cas had said.
“Where’d the old guy go?”
“Uh- yeah, so Sam got us a tree topper. Of, well, the angel that actually watches over us. And – yeah…” Dean trailed off, obviously concerned about Cas’ reaction to the whole thing. Cas stares them down for another minute before breaking into a smile.
“Yeah, well, they could have easily gotten a photo. Were you conscious the whole time?”
“Do you have a better idea?” Dean was about to snap back sarcastically at his brother when his eyes fell on the massive trash and recycling bins that must have been pulled aside when the station was shut down for the worst of winter.
“No, I was knocked out when the ceiling collapsed. I guess Bizzarro-Poppins could have swiped it.” Dean picked up his pace as he continued to have zero cell signal. They were practically jogging through the forest now and Cas hardly seemed winded, so Dean didn’t feel too bad about pushing them.
“Yeah, I thought you and Sam at least would appreciate a Scooby-Doo mystery game.” Cas broke out into a laugh, and that made it more than worth it for Dean.
“I’ll help him. We need to do this quickly, neither of you have much time.” Anna nodded in understanding and reached out to touch the baby one last time.
Castiel feels as if he’s flying again, damaged wings or not.
“Maybe your uncle would remember? Did you talk to him about that kinda stuff as a kid? I can remember telling my mom all about my dreams when I was a kid. She liked trying to figure out what they meant.” Cas nodded tiredly, agreeing that he’s ask Gabe at some point.
“Cas… they’re so soft, and warm.” Dean begins to dig his fingers in with more confidence and chases the rainbow of lights reflecting off the obsidian black of Castiel’s wings. At Dean’s continued attention, Cas finds himself relaxing as he lets his head fall on top of Dean’s shoulder. Dean laughs happily.
“Yeah. I’d say that I’ve never seen so much pie in my life, but I live with Dean.” Charlie snickered.
“He’ll calm down. You could try a more sincere apology though.” Little brothers were obnoxious, especially when they were right, thought Dean. He frowned at Sam but couldn’t keep it up as he sat on one of the beds with a heavy sigh.
“Unfortunately, we aren’t at liberty to discuss the details of the case, but we’d appreciate anything you can tell us about this tree Mrs. Paige, or the woman who was killed, Louisa Abbot.”
“I said it was unexpected, not that I minded you touching. Anyway, this will work.” Dean watches as Cas runs his finger through the feathers and finds one that comes loose. In between one blink and the next the wings are hidden once again. Cas hold a single feather in his hand, the echo of his earlier laughter still present in his smile.
“Two spells. One will make it easier for me to redirect my grace through my wings. When they were damaged by Metatron it became more difficult to make use of them. The second is specifically for Dean to give him temporary access to the astral plane, if he focuses on it. Gifted humans can do this anyway, and his temporary abilities will only work if I can meet him halfway.”
“Yeah, it may still miss this area but we might as well see where we can snag a few rooms. There’s some sort of 1800s B&B within walking distance. After that we can go meet Santa Claus!” Charlie clapped her hands with glee and started bounding off to wherever this inn was supposed to be as Sam followed her with a bemused expression.
“Yeah, man. I know we haven’t been together long, but you’re already my best friend. I can’t see a time when I don’t want you in my life.” Cas’ face lit up with a joyful smile.
“Yeah, okay. I’m not great at apologies, but he’s right, I should have answered the phone. I was just so caught up tracking the Yeti-witch thing, I dunno, I just didn’t think.” Sam rolled his eyes.
Leaning in towards each other once more, they enthusiastically melted into one kiss after another. Dean didn’t know what tomorrow would bring, but there was a part of him that felt he could face anything as long as Cas was by his side.
“Like when I got Claire a birthday present at the Hot Topical?” Sam smiled as Dean tried not to laugh again.
Charlie was really enjoying herself. The night may have started off as a way of helping her brothers out, but this Christmas event was actually super amazing. She had managed to snag a hand-knit elf hat while Sam asked about custom made dolls of all things. Charlie got Sam a headband with reindeer antlers and insisted that he wear them. She even convinced him to take a selfie with her, although he voiced his concerns about her using the picture for blackmail purposes.
“Where are you running off to Feathers? Running home to your boyfriend for the holidays?” Crowley winked suggestively at the angel.
Unbeta'd - Any errors are my own.
Dean hadn’t meant to spend last night half snuggling with his best friend, but Cas didn’t seem to mind so he wasn’t going to worry about it. Dean figured his secret crush on the guy was his problem, not the angel’s – as long as it didn’t mess up their friendship it wasn’t worth agonizing over.
"You said you could see his wings, was there anything else weird going on between you and Cassie?”
“I’m sorry, man. I didn’t want to tip it off.”
Thankfully, the thugs weren’t paying him any attention and the hood of the car blocked their view of him nicely. Quietly examining his door Cas came to the conclusion that thug one and thug two assumed that the child lock on the car was enough to keep their prisoner from escaping, but Cas thought he could reach the driver’s side panel to release it easily enough. Keeping an eye on his captors he tilted carefully to the side and inched his cuffed hands up and in-between the door and the driver’s side seat. As he was about to release the lock he froze. The thrumming feeling in his bones was back, but Cas discarded his previous assumption of it being a spell from the coven thugs. They seemed completely unaware of Castiel, regardless of the increasing sensation he was experiencing.
Cas’ wings were the most amazing thing that Dean had ever seen. At first glance, they were as back as the darkest night and as sharp as steel – warrior’s wings. That was only the surface though. As their bond settled and Dean saw Cas’ wings more and more clearly, he saw they weren’t actually black. Every color seemed to shine throughout the angel’s wings, a rainbow of colors shimmering in the light. More than that, it was like looking into the night sky. The colors of stars, nebulas, planets, and comets were all contained within Cas’ wings. As Dean looked deeper, the sharpness was lost to fluffier softness, almost as if Cas was relaxing under Dean’s gaze. Dean would never forget this first glimpse of Cas’ true form. Never before had Dean been able to visibly see how much Cas loved him, but he saw all that and more reflected in the angel’s wings.
Dean dragged the guy back to the oil free car and took some spray paint out of his bag to draw an additional Devil’s trap inside the trunk and then threw the demon and his dead companion inside. Dean duct taped the demon’s mouth shut to prevent him from making too much noise before locking him in. After checking on Cas again, Dean took another few minutes to push the car off the road and conceal it as best he could in some foliage. The whole endeavor took longer than Dean would have liked but he’d learned the value of covering his tracks years ago.
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel replied seriously. Then Cas turned to see one of the volunteers bringing back their peppermint bark experiment. Dean reached out to take the wrapped bars while Cas thanked the volunteer for helping with the event.
“Do you like being able to hear my heart, Cas?” Cas makes a pleased rumbling noise while pressing his face into the back of Dean’s neck. He then rubs his cheek up towards Dean’s jaw, giving Dean the amusing image of his warrior angel as a large purring cat. Dean turns into Cas, flipping over so they’re facing one another. Cas seems almost shy as he caresses Dean’s face and looks at him through his dark eyelashes.
“I don’t understand, Dean. Why do you think Sam and Charlie were taking pictures?”
“Cas?” Dean mumbles into Castiel’s chest sleepily.
Sam and Dean were running for their lives – again. Dean noted, somewhere in the back of his mind, that it was much more difficult to accomplish this in knee-high snow. Unfortunately, the Yeti, yes, an actual goddamn Yeti because their lives weren’t bizarre enough, anyway - the Yeti was much better at running through the deep snow. They were hoping to make it to the abandoned park station up ahead, maybe they could barricade themselves against the creature long enough to figure out a plan.
“Hey guys, we don’t have anything for the top of the tree.” Cas looked confused as he was clearly putting lights around the top. Dean was staring up at Cas when a wide grin broke across his face and he bent over laughing.
Cas sort of wished he’d tried to get his cuffed hands to the front sooner, but even if it had occurred to him back in the cage he had a better chance of success in what felt like a spacious backseat. Hoping that the thugs were too occupied with the car, Cas threw himself onto his back, biting his tongue to combat the wave of pain and nausea. Yes, that was definitely a concussion. Having successfully fallen over Cas curled his knees onto his chest and pulled his shoulders back to a painful angle. The cuffs themselves were, thank goodness, looser than the cuffs his overzealous self-defense teacher had made him practice with. While Cas had a sneaking suspicion that his self-defense lessons weren’t standard fare, he couldn’t help but be grateful for the instructor Gabriel had found for him now.
Dean was startled to see Sam’s friend barreling out of the car after he fired his first shot. He hit one of the witches easily but the other ducked around the car. All Dean could do was keep firing and try to provide cover for the fleeing healer.
“You don’t want them?” Cas glanced so hungrily at Dean’s fries that Dean couldn’t help but be impressed with the guy’s restraint.
First, he checked the second guy he’d taken out and was relieved to find that the witch was dead. Satisfied that he only had one demon to deal with, Dean grabbed his bag and headed over to the trapped creature. Ignoring the demon’s posturing and cursing, Dean pulled out a roll of duct tape and made sure the Devil’s trap bullet would stay where it was.
“Dean? Can I ask why you’re thrumming?” Dean spared Cas a puzzled glance, but didn’t bother to slow down. They were almost back to the car.
Dean thought, looking at Cas peacefully resting, that he could handle a long wait. It would give him and Cas time to explore the bond between them and work out how best to help the half-angel adjust to his new circumstances. Usually, Dean was the epitome of impatience, but something about being with Cas made him feel at home and more than willing to take a break.
“Hello Dean.” Dean grinned stupidly at the bright smile on Cas’ face as he balanced a bag of groceries in one hand and boxes with the local pizzeria’s logo in the other.
“I’m sorry she couldn’t be there for Christmas,” Cas said softly. Surprisingly, Dean reached back to stop Castiel’s fingers from moving away. Cas froze, not daring to move a muscle.
“Charlie, he’s thrown himself into giving Cas the whole Christmas experience. While sickeningly adorable, it’s not like Dean and I even know what that is. I’m pretty sure I was still an infant the last time we had a real tree.” Charlie let out a long-suffering sigh.
“Of course not, Dean. Hurry up.” Dean rolls his eyes fondly at Cas and skips the ribbon to just tear off the paper. He lets the paper fall to the floor and stares at the small potion bottle as his brow furrows in confusion.
Cas needed to push more power into the spell, he was losing Dean! Frustrated and desperate beyond belief, Cas instinctively reached out for any available power source and found something he’d never experienced before. There was an undercurrent to the thrum that connected Dean to Cas, something bright, beautiful, and pulsing with raw energy. Souls! Of course, Rowena said that souls were a wellspring of power. Cas couldn’t use Dean’s soul though, he wasn’t that kind of witch, and he wouldn’t do that without Dean’s permission, but… Cas had a soul as well.
“Yes, you do, Feathers. You know exactly what most humans would give their soul for.”
Now though, despite the near instantaneous travel, Gabriel was afraid he was too late. He’d not sensed the situation until Cassie had somehow managed to shred through the bindings on his Grace. So here he was, ready to assess the damage to his nephew, surveying at an ash-covered fallout zone in a neat circle around a beaten-up vintage black car. Gabriel noted that the only physical damage to the area (besides looking sooty) seemed to be from the various rocks and other debris that looked tossed around as if there had been a tornado. Oh, and the dead demon. Huh, somehow Cassie exorcised a demon from a distance while ripping through the magical bindings Gabe had placed on him. Gabe made his way towards the car when he heard a man cry out.
“The sigils are fine; I think you’re just different. Whatever this connection between us is, I think my whole being is trying to tell me to trust you.” Cas offered Dean an uncertain smile as he turned in his seat to offer a better view of his arms. Dean watched as the tattoos shimmered once again and then seemed to settle into distinct and hyper-realistic images.
Ten minutes later Dean knew he wasn’t going to fall asleep anytime soon. He let out a frustrated groan, pulled on warm socks, and added a sweatshirt over the Christmas PJs Charlie had gotten him (yeah, they were ridiculous, but they’d promised Charlie they would wear them, and they were warm and soft so he couldn’t really complain). He begrudgingly made his way to the kitchen, thinking that maybe eating more pie would help him feel better. Sam kept doubting his ability to consume all the pie he and Cas had baked, but Dean was determined to make sure no pie was left behind. He smelled chocolate as he walked into the kitchen and found Cas turning off the stove.
“Yes, I’d love to! Where should I meet you?”
“Wait. Crowley. There was – I mean, do you…” Castiel wasn’t exactly sure what he wanted to say. Why was he trying to talk to Crowley about this?
“I wouldn’t expect anything less.” He tried to shift the still crying infant to a more comfortable position as he made it to the landing. Rowena rolled her eyes and snatched the baby from him.
As usual, things had not gone according to plan. Dean had arrived to see Cas holding the mutant-vamp at bay, but clearly struggling to gain an upper hand over the creature they didn’t yet have the means to kill. Dean knew better than to jump into the middle of that fight, it was more important to finish Rowena’s spell. He dumped the ashes in with the rest of the material. Luckily Cas had left a copy of the actual spell out by the bowl with all the ingredients. The incantation was pretty straightforward and Dean quickly scooped up the resulting concoction on two fingers and began filling in the sigil carved into the tree. Dean picked up the branch Cas had sharpened into a stake and touched it to the sigil, running through the incantation one more time. In a brief flash of light, the sigil was absorbed into the stake.
“Are you alright Sam?” Dean heard his brother let out a high-pitched laugh that was just shy of sounding manic.
“I feel the same way, I just didn’t want to scare you off by coming on too strong.” Dean choked out as surprised laugh.
“Of course, Sam. What can I do for you?”
“I promise I’ll give you the whole story later. Short version, the Demon Coven may be showing up at Rowena’s place – or anywhere associated with Cas. So, get somewhere they can’t find you. Maybe call Charlie and see if you can hang out with her while we figure this out. Oh, and let Rowena know before she comes home.” Dean could practically hear Sam thinking over the phone.
“I love you too.”
While he was waiting for Cas to finish up, Dean found himself pacing. While he knew that his rapidly deepening concern for Cas’ wellbeing was probably driven by whatever this thing was between them, he found that it was hard to worry about it. He should be concerned. This was weird, likely magical, and felt almost like a compulsion at times. Dean knew he’d have to tell Bobby about it tomorrow and make sure that Cas and him hadn’t stepped into some sort of magical booby trap, but it was difficult to think that this bond was in any way malicious. Sighing in frustration, Dean decided that the focus needed to be on resting up and getting to Bobby’s as fast as possible in the morning.
“Gimme a second, I think I can help you out with those.” Dean pawed through his bag once more and found his lockpicking kit near the bottom. Deciding on the iron tools to avoid interacting with the magic embedded in the cuffs, Dean made quick work of freeing Castiel’s hands. As soon as they dropped to the ground Cas breathed out a deep sigh of relief and then his eyes flashed bright blue. For just a moment Dean swore he saw a mass of dark feathers bunched up behind the healer’s back but as soon as he blinked, they were gone and Cas’ eyes were no longer glowing.
Cas smiled as Dean wiped chocolate on Cas’ nose. Then he smugly retaliated by sticking a chocolate covered finger into Dean’s ear.
“Yeah, sure.”
Castiel was starting to regret his agreement to participate in a gift exchange. Sam was easy enough to find a gift for, Cas happened to know where to acquire a volume on angel lore that wasn’t in the bunker library, and Sam always appreciated books. What he couldn’t figure out was a good enough gift for Dean and he only had 6 days left. It’s not that he didn’t know the things that Dean liked, but given the excuse to give a present to Dean… well, Castiel wanted it to be special. He knew Dean didn’t feel for him the way Castiel felt for Dean, but he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to show his affection in a way that would be, well, acceptable. While Cas was sitting alone in the library trying to come up with an idea, his phone rang. He frowned when he saw Crowley’s name on the screen. Sighing loudly, he answered the phone.
“This is the plan Sammy, we’re going sledding!” Sam’s jaw dropped.
“At a custom doll place, Charlie thought I was crazy when I said I was having a doll made for you. But I wanted to give you something to tell you that I support you. Both of you. And you were right, we do already have an angel, but the real one can’t stay on top of the tree. You can tie it to the tree with the belt of the coat.” Smugly, Sam reflected on how he was the absolute best at giving presents.
“Clothing? Dean, I have no need to change clothes.” Castiel’s confusion is evident on his face. Dean sighs rubs the back of his neck.
“How’d you find us anyway? Did you see whatever dirtbag was chucking rocks at us?”
“It’s called a witch elm Cas; do you really think it’s there because of the coffin wood?” Castiel rolls his eyes at his companion.
Dean must have responded to Dr. Barnes in some way Castiel couldn’t hear, because after a few moments the sound of footsteps echoed down the hallway, fading as they moved towards the front desk. Cas hurried out of room 5, the trash bag hanging unnoticed from his wrist. His heartbeat sped up as he worried that he wouldn’t catch a glimpse of “Dean” before he left the office. Cas didn’t really know what he was planning on doing, just that he couldn’t stand the thought of this man resigning himself to pain all because the healthcare industry was such an awful mess that it would burden someone with choosing food over medicine. Something about the way Dean had sounded reminded him so much of his sister, Anna, right before she had left Castiel forever. That feeling drew Cas forward to meet a man he didn’t know. Cas couldn’t solve Dean’s money problems, Cas couldn’t force the government to change how healthcare was run in the country, Cas couldn’t even make Dean’s medical issues any better – but he could meet this man and maybe make him smile for a moment. Maybe, if he was brave enough, he could offer him some sort of friendship so maybe he would have one more person to help him through his struggles. Cas had been too young to understand how alone Anna must have felt but he knew more about it now. Helping people like Anna was what had drawn Cas to medicine in the first place.
Dean drops Castiel’s gaze to cradle the pendant in his hand, a bit of a dazed look on his face. Cas waits patiently, wanting to make sure this is Dean’s choice.
“Help? What kind of help? You idiot, have you been knocking up humans? I don’t need you bringing Heaven to my doorstep!” Clearly Rowena had discerned the angelic nature of the child.
“Thank you, Sam. I’ll have to thank Charlie as well, this is a wonderful gift.” Cas beams a smile at Sam and they start chatting about which pictures should go where. Dean asks if he can have the one from the chocolate making class for his room and Cas hands it over happily while Sam gives him a smug look.
“If you must know, Sam has requested my assistance.” Castiel hadn’t actually paid much attention to the time of year, but now that he looked around, he did note that the bar had a plastic tree in the corner with lights.” Crowley noticed Castiel taking in the tree with a furrowed brow.
“Cas. I need to know something, because I don’t want there to be any miscommunication here.” Castiel waits for several minutes as Dean works to find the words he needs. “You say you’re giving me a part of yourself, that it will become a part of me. That sounds like, well, more than a friendship to me. And I’d like to know if I’m getting that right.”
“Thanks. Sorry about that, I’d have healed myself hours ago but these cuffs are suppressing my magic.” As Cas guzzled the rest of the water, Dean leaned over to take a closer look at the cuffs. He hadn’t seen anything like them before, but he recognized some of the sigil work. Despite the exotic appearance the locking mechanism seemed simple enough.
“Huh, then that’s sorta weird that I saw them? Or did those witches do something to you?” Dean pulled into the long line of a drive through and took a closer look at the tattoos as Cas rolled up his sleeves.
“The tree is called a ‘Wych Elm’ and is a common wood used to build coffins, which may explain it’s presence. It’s possible, if Captain Abbot’s coffin was made from this wood, that whatever spell was cast had the side effect of growing a new tree from the wood.” Dean raises his eyebrows skeptically when Cas shares this information.
“Wonderful then,” Crowley drawled. “In that case, I’m off.” Castiel had a sudden impulse.
Dean toweled himself dry and realized that his clothes were still out in the living room.
“What’d you get, Dean?”
“Hey, we did a good job on this stuff!” Cas looked at Dean fondly just before they were interrupted by an energetic redhead grabbing a piece of the bar still in Dean’s grasp.
“Oh, I’ll do more that remind you, I’ll help you throw away the damn key.” Dean frowned, evidently more pissed off at Sam than even Cas had been. Cas watched as Dean schooled his features into a false calm before the hunter resumed the conversation. “Can I ask, what are the tattoos you were just touching on your arms? I mean, I get if they’re personal, but the part I saw was kinda shimmery, it looked cool.”
“Yeah, well, you’re the only one that matters.” Crap, did Dean just say that out loud? “Uh, I mean, c’mon, don’t you want to participate in Christmas traditions? You did ask me for help with that, right?” Cas was staring at him, as if trying to solve a puzzle but Dean just nervously pushed the event booklet into the angel’s hands. “Er, if you don’t want to look for ‘angels’ you can see if there’s something else you’d like to do.” Cas gave Dean a quiet smile and put the booklet in his pocket.
“No problem, buddy. We really need to go. The possessed witch talked before I threw him in the trunk, and it sounds like the coven was looking you up. If they find your info, they find Sam, and there’s no fucking cell service out her.” Dean got up as he talked and offered Castiel a hand up. The healer accepted and Dean noted that Cas was almost as tall as him.
“Well, if you don’t have other plans, would you like to come over my place for Thanksgiving? Only my brother Gabe will be there, and maybe his girlfriend, Kali, if they aren’t on one of their break-up phases, but I can promise decent food and drinks.”
“What is Charlie doing?” Dean glanced behind him at Sam and Charlie’s table. By the time he looked Charlie seemed to have quickly put away her phone. Dean shrugged.
“He’s got a feather on each arm, one is white with honey-colored highlights, the other is gold with silver.” Dean seemed to accept the description as acceptable proof of Gabe’s identity. He put away the gun and kicked open the driver’s side door, pulling Cas out towards Gabe.
“Yeah, hah, grooming. I think most people talk about it like that for the non-human primates though, Cas. But I don’t mind ‘grooming’ with you.” Dean smirks and Castiel is still not sure what is so humorous. Regardless, this is his gift to Dean and he is not done yet.
“Whatever, Dean. Tell Cas I hope he feels better soon. And that I’m really sorry for all of this.” Dean ended the call and found himself staring into bright blue eyes.
I was reading about one patient's struggle with paying for his medicine and the guy sounded so much like Dean that I couldn't help myself but write this quick story.
“Dean,” Cas says softly. “Merry Christmas.”
So, tonight Dean would get his new boyfriend to teach him about where he came from with the very thing that Dean used to remember his origins. After that, Dean would share his mother’s apple pie recipe when he came over for Thanksgiving. He’d probably bring more than one pie; it was always good to have extra. He’d meet Cas’ brother and just maybe, if he was lucky, Cas would stick around long enough to meet Sammy for Christmas.
“It will be. I need him to live, please. I can feel myself fading, there isn’t much time.” Gabriel looked at the baby again, knowing that he shouldn’t save the boy, that it was far too dangerous. As if sensing Gabe’s internal debate the infant opened his eyes. Gabriel was startled by an intense blue stare. Even with a fraction of a soul and diminishing grace there was something about him, something Gabriel felt compelled to protect. Sighing deeply, Gabe knew he’d do as Anna asked, after all, when had he ever played things safe?
“Hey guys, you mind if we split up for a while?” Sam asked. “I sort of want to check out the crafts tents and Charlie said she’d go with me. I know it’s not really your thing, Dean.”
Cas tears up when Dean gives him the bee mug from their night out at Midnight Madness. Unexpectedly matching Dean’s gift, Cas gave him a month’s worth of coffee from the Inn they’d stayed at after explaining to Sam he’d already given Dean his real present. Dean was then prompted to tell Sam he’d shown Cas his room the other night, and explained that Sam had helped Dean get everything together for it. Excitement lights up Sam’s eyes on hearing how much Cas loved the room, and he quickly pushes another gift towards Cas to unwrap.
It took several hours, but eventually Castiel’s wings were bound after Rowena had imbued him with a spell to recognize his soul’s compliment. Rowena had been persuaded to help Gabriel find a suitable location to hide out with a baby, and with the help of some of the witch’s contacts Gabe and Castiel took on the last name of Milton and found a small house in a town a few miles over. Gabe also decided that the more he and the baby blended in with the locals, the better they’d remain hidden. He took on the persona of a baker and set up a small bakery, Heaven Sent, over the next few months. While the archangel never expected to take on the responsibility of raising an essentially human child, he found himself growing more and more attached to his blue-eyed nephew and knew he’d do whatever was necessary to keep Anna’s legacy safe.
“Jerk. I’m already packing.” Dean muttered a few choice words under his breath. “Just, shut up a second, Dean. I was wondering if you took care of the original witch we were hunting. I know you’re still mad about it but she’s bound to kill again, and soon.”
“That’s not pie, more like a tart.” Cas rolled his eyes.
“What do I look like, Gabriel? Mother of the year? Go ask someone at a baby store, but bring some formula and a bottle first. I can at least feed the wee lad while looking for a solution to your multiple problems.” Gabe got the feeling that he should leave now if he wanted to remain in whatever was left of Rowena’s good graces.
“Privately, huh? Don’t worry, I can give you guys whatever alone time you need.” Sam couldn’t resist teasing Dean a little. Even so, he held out his hands to take the lights from Dean while he stood around with a stunned look on his face and got to work stringing them along the edges of the wall.
“Let’s go upstairs, Cas. It’s kinda crowded down here and the barista told me they have an outdoor area up there.” Cas followed Dean up the stairs of the historic building. The upstairs did seem to be more peaceful. Dean walked over to doors leading outside and Cas reached in front of Dean to grab the door since he was still carrying their drinks.
“I’m ready Gabriel. Thank you, brother.” Anna closed her eyes in preparation.
“Ah, I’m so sorry man, we haven’t been introduced. Dean Winchester, at your service.” Dean gave the demon his biggest shit eating grin and hoped that his reputation preceded him. Dean was happy to see the recognition that crossed the demon’s face. He was less pleased when the asshole started laughing.
“You think that’s what he would like?” Sam smiled and nodded.
“You probably want to start at the top, you should be able to reach if you stand on a chair.” Dean glared at Sam.
“Well, there ya go, Cas. I’d trust Rowena over murderers and demons any day.” Cas shrugged but didn’t exactly agree with Dean. He was still worried that there was something to the Demon Coven’s claims, but, on the other hand, he did trust Rowena with his life. He decided to worry about it later, right now all he wanted to do was sleep. Cas was quiet for a few moments, thinking about having feathers on his back. It sounded familiar for some reason, and had something to do with sleeping.
“Dean, c’mon already!” Sam had less trouble in the snow with his stupid giraffe legs. Dean had resorted to running by basically leaping as far as he could to try and stay above the wintery fluff trying to get him killed. Thankfully, the station was now in sight.
“Sorry, Dean.” Dean gasped for air as his guardian angel rolled the creature off of him. Dean looked up at Cas still trying to catch his breath, and damn, if he wasn’t the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen. Cas crouched down and briefly checked Dean over for injuries. When he seemed satisfied that there was nothing immediately wrong with the hunter, he glowered at him. Dean had no idea what he had done to piss Cass off, but honestly even his glower was fucking beautiful. Dean continued to stare at Cas but the angel turned to look in the other direction.
“Don’t worry, sunshine, we’ll figure this out, just later. We should get moving. If Sam is headed to Charlie’s place we’ll try for Bobby’s. It’s maybe a ten-hour drive, but we can stop part way if you need to rest. Dean squeezes Cas’ shoulder before letting go and walking the last few feet over to Baby.
Later that night Castiel was still unhappy with Dean and had left them at the motel to return the car he had borrowed when he had frantically scrambled to get to Dean and Sam in time. He mumbled something about the Impala not having snow tires and that they were lucky the local deputy was generous. Dean hoped Cas would cool off while he was out, Dean hated feeling like he was in the dog house which he mistakenly mentioned to his brother.
Castiel looked at the text from Sam with some concern. If it had been urgent, he was sure Sam would’ve expressed it… but still, Lucifer’s trail had gone cold, and a break from Crowley’s need to always fill the silence with words would be welcome. Still looking at the text Castiel stood up from the barstool.
Sam is thrilled with the rare lore book Cas gives him and shocked that Dean broke with tradition to give him a mini blender so he can more easily make his health nut smoothies. Sam had already given Dean the Cas tree topper doll, but he also broke with tradition to get Dean a massaging seat for the Impala which Dean may have scoffed at before getting closer to middle aged, but now found himself looking forward to trying out.
“WHAT. THE. FUCK.” Sam immediately resorted to pleading puppy-dog eyes, but Dean was furious. “Why the hell would you go after someone like that? Are you suicidal?!? If Rowena wasn’t here, you could have fucking called me in the first place Sam!” Sam’s shoulders hunched forward in shame.
Sam was miserable after his phone call with Rowena. She had been just as furious as Dean had been, and rightfully so. He felt sick with worry, what if Cas was already dead? It was entirely his fault that his friend had been captured, and it was all because Sam had been so desperate to prove to himself that he could handle monster-hunting just as well as his brother. He wanted Dean to know he could rely on him, that he didn’t have to stay hidden away while Dean kept risking his neck alone. That if Dad, or another hunter, found them that Sam could handle himself. Now Sam had to tell Cas’ Uncle what had happened, how he dragged Cas into a dangerous situation all because Sam was tired of constantly being afraid the wrong hunter would find him and Dean would get himself killed defending him.
“Hey little man. I guess you’re stuck with your Uncle Gabe until you can find your “soul mate”. Without your grace you’re just going to be a fragile little human. Sorry about the wings, buddy. I gotta hide you from mean ol’ Azazel, but if there’s one thing I’m good at, it’s hiding.” As Gabe spoke, Castiel woke up and stared behind the archangel. Figuring out what the baby saw Gabriel pulled one of his wings to where Castiel could reach. He watched as the infant managed to reach into the plane where he kept his wings to grasp onto the golden feathers. Gabe smiled as the baby happily reached into his wing.
Cas knew that was absurd, if anything he struggled with his magic. The only thing that came easily was healing, everything else was the result of hard work and dedicated study. The blast which had saved Sam had been unexpected and uncontrolled – and now that he thought about it, had made the same place on his back burn as when the witch kept reaching behind him. Before Cas had a chance to think about it further, he heard someone coming down the stairs. Two men appeared, both wearing cheap looking suits. One of them pulled off his sunglasses and squinted his shockingly black eyes at Castiel.
“Cas,” Sam started as they worked their way up to the roof, “Why did you want Dean to be able to see your wings as a Christmas present?” Cas glanced over his shoulder as he continued to walk in front of Sam.
“Group hug!”, Charlie called out. Cas was startled to find himself wrapped in Dean’s arms from behind with Charlie and Sam on either side of him. The camera’s timer went off just as Cas’ smile encompassed his entire face. For the first time since rebelling against Heaven, Castiel felt like he was really part of a family.
“Go on, you can have ‘em. We can always order pizza if you need more fuel from all that magical healing you had to pull off earlier.” Cas gave Dean a stunning and grateful smile as he enthusiastically pulled Dean’s fries closer.
“Nah, Anna only had one set. I’m an archangel, kind of higher up the food chain.”
Once they got outside Dean started walking uphill towards the coffee shop he’d seen on the map. Castiel stayed quiet while following, as he didn’t want to draw Dean’s attention to the way that they were still holding hands.
“I feel the same way, but to clarify, do you feel as if you have to act on those instincts or can you choose to do something different?” Dean’s shoulders sagged in relief.
“I’ll remember to leave my ID at home next time I’m compelled to play vigilante.” Dean snickered at Cas’ dry sarcasm. “Nothing is missing.”
“Did she say what it is?” Cas nodded in response to Dean’s question.
“If you get anymore tonight, can you send them as well? Dean’s working on a gift for Cas, and I think I can add on to it a bit.” Charlie nodded her agreement.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh Castiel. Don’t tell me, you want to get your Squirrel a Christmas present, this is too good.” Crowley seemed to lose himself in laughter for another moment.
“I’m not sure, you’re welcome to try. There’s no guarantee these are even similar to the ones on my arms so maybe they’re visible to anyone?” Cas watched as Dean retrieved his phone and snapped a photo of Cas’ back. “Well?”
“Huh. Guess we don’t have to worry about burning it,” Dean quipped. Castiel rounded on him, clearly not feeling amused.
“That’s the worst plan I’ve ever heard and I grew up with you.” There was a brief pause where Dean could hear Sam telling Charlie how insane Dean was. “Charlie says she can work on the reverse tracking part, but she doesn’t have a lot to go off of, and in the meantime, she wants a better plan. She also says she hasn’t had any luck so far, so it may be a long wait.”
“She’s telling the truth Dean; I barely had any myself.” Charlie snorted in response to Sam’s accusation.
“Nothing, I’m just glad you like the pictures Dean.” Cas looks between the two of them, confused.
“I can’t help that I have had billions of years to develop my tactical expertise. I’m very good at picking the most advantageous targets for attack.” Cas raised a single eyebrow, the haughty look only ruined by the smile Cas was fighting to hold back. Well, that and the chocolate still on his nose.
“Fine, tell us what you do know since Rowena isn’t here.” Cas was quickly losing patience with his uncle. He’d had Cas’ whole life to explain all this angel stuff and yet he waited until the Demon Coven discovered him to talk about it.
“Uh, from what Sammy said he kinda sprang this hunt on you and dragged you along. You don’t happen to have ID on you, do you?” Cas’ eyes widened in horror as he reached into his back pocket. He looked through his wallet and then put it back away.
Switching to the hastily made Devil’s trap ammo, Dean started firing every shot he could into the advancing demon. Cockily, the demon didn’t bother taking cover and Dean thanked any benevolent being out there in the universe that Sam spent his free time reading Grandpa Henry’s journals because the third slug must have had an unbroken sigil. The demon stopped in his tracks and fell over.
“Sam? Can you grab my clothes and hand ‘em to me?” Dean heard a muffled acknowledgement of his shouted request and a few moments later there was a knock on the door. Dean thanked his brother and got dressed quickly, all the while trying to calm himself down. He heard the outside door open and shut and thought that maybe everyone else had already headed down to breakfast. He was starving at this point and figured he should follow.
Dean didn’t care for Gabriel’s accusatory tone, but he could understand that the guy was stressed about whatever was going on with his nephew. Dean gazed worriedly at Cas, and then took a deep breath before telling Gabe what had happened to them over the past two days. Gabe was obviously pissed that Cas had been dragged into any of this and Dean found himself reluctantly impressed at the guy’s ability to refrain from jumping in with interruptions. It didn’t last once Dean got to Cas discovering the back tattoos last night.
“Ah, no, sorry. This,” Dean waved vaguely at the impressive scene before them, “is kind of distracting.” Cas nodded seriously. Dean noticed that the caretaker had left, but was distracted again by Cas pulling his hand back. They always touched a bit longer than was probably normal, but Dean still regretted the loss of the warmth on his shoulder.
“H-hi guys.” Dean cleared his throat nervously. He dared a glance at Cas, but the angel was apparently absorbed in the menu he likely wouldn’t order anything from. Sam scooted into the booth on Cas’ side while Charlie sat next to Dean, boxing him and Cas into the middle of the circular booth.
Nostalgia is an odd thing. On one hand, Dean could literally take himself back to the feelings of warmth and home he hadn’t experienced for too many years just by getting a whiff of a newly baked pie. It was one of the biggest motivators behind Dean’s initial decision to start his own bakery. On the other hand, there was a built-in lie when it came to nostalgia, looking into the past with rose-colored glasses.
“Wha- what’s going on?” Cas’ eyes were a bit glazed and Dean again tried to recall basic information about concussions without any further luck. He grabbed Cas’ head with the other hand as well hoping to keep him from moving yet.
“What?” Dean holds the picture defensively against his chest while glaring at his bitch of a brother. Sam, tries to make an innocent face, but Dean knows him too well and continues to glower at him.
“Um, maybe to go out on a date?” Charlie huffed out a small laugh.
“Honestly, that’s how my grandmother made it once I was old enough to pay attention to the recipe. She made he own crust before that, but none of my aunts or uncles have the recipe and all I remember is the homemade crust tasted more of butter. Oh, and it was flakier.”
“That’s probably a good idea, as long as we are definitely doing the knowing each other better part.” Cas hummed in agreement. “Is it still okay to be close with hugging and stuff? Fuck – I can’t believe I just said that out loud.” Dean’s face turned red and Cas laughed softly.
“I’m a witch. I wouldn’t think that’d be too hard for you to recognize but perhaps all of that dark magic has choked off your basic senses.” Cas glowered defiantly at the woman, figuring there was no harm in pissing off someone who was going to kill him anyway. She just laughed in response. The sound was like nails on a chalkboard. Castiel shuddered and suddenly wished that he was still unconscious with the creeping sense of wrongness that started to saturate his senses as Bizzaro-Poppins strode closer to the cage.
“They’re for your room. There are a lot though, so I figured you could pick the ones you wanted and we could put anything else up around the rest of the bunker.” Cas takes the lid off of the now unwrapped box and gasps. He starts to pull out picture frames and spread them out, handing a few over to Dean. There are pictures from times they’d been on hunts together and someone happened to have a phone with a worthwhile camera. There are pictures of individuals and groups. There are pictures of Claire, and even one of Cas and Claire that Dean doesn’t remember having been taken. He notices Cas props that one up on a nearby table before returning to the rest of the pile. He pulls aside ones of just Dean and Cas, and ones of Cas with Sam, Charlie, and even an older one with Bobby.
Grasping the handle of the car door, Cas yanked it shut just as a flying rock skimmed across his forehead. The wound didn’t feel like much, but head wounds bleed, and Cas found himself temporarily blinded by his own blood.
“Dean? Mission control to Spaceship Dean, come in!” Dean came back to the present to see Charlie’s hand waving in his face.
“Y’know Sam, I’m not sure we have to do all that much here. Dean asked me to find out what the scavenger hunt thing going on was, and then I heard him asking Cas if he wanted to do it.” Sam’s jaw dropped.
“Dean, you don’t need to kill them, right? You can carve a Devil’s trap onto a bullet; I’ve read about it in some of the Men of Letters stuff we recovered from grandpa Henry’s estate.” Dean was shocked into for a moment, how had something so simple never occurred to him before?
“Yeah, shopping at a mall right now will probably not encourage warm fuzzy feelings. I’d be shocked if they even made it home without Dean punching someone in the face. I’m really surprised he even suggested it.”
“Go ahead.” Sam saw one of the giant wings sweep out and then back. Sam got a dusting of snow and a wave of chilly wind in his face. “Agh, cold!” Sam rubbed frantically at his face trying to get rid of the icy droplets.
“Hey Sammy. Where’d you get the tree?” It was nice to hear Dean sounding somewhat normal again. Sam stood up from where he was trying to test the tree lights.
“We should try some before Charlie tries to steal it.” Dean broke off a piece and handed it to Castiel.
While Cas was socially awkward, he was physically strong and graceful. He’d kept up with his self-defense lessons and even joined the track team in high school. Once he’d graduated, he’d added in yoga classes and was quite a bit more flexible than he looked. If he could manage to get his cuffs in front of his body, he’d have a decent chance of outrunning the assholes still arguing outside if he could get out of casting range fast enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean tried to focus on the fight rather than the dark-haired man rapidly gaining on his position. Now was not the time to admire the grace and power of the guy as he leapt through the various obstacles always present in a deeply forested area. Redirecting his thoughts to the fight at hand Dean managed to clip the witch hiding behind the car. Unfortunately, his very accurate first shot didn’t seem to have done much to the other witch who got up and started chasing after Cas. Fuck, that guy must be possessed.
“Is it in your room?” Cas seemed confused. Dean just laughs softly and pulled him a bit further down the hall. Dean stops in front of one of the doors and opens it up without hitting the light switch. Dean takes a deep breath to calm himself, weaves his finger’s through Cas’, and pulls him into the dark room, closing the door behind them.
Dean wakes up slowly, feeling warmer than he usually does in the bunker, especially considering that he seems to be sleeping in his underwear. Still groggy, Dean wills his eyelids open to find arms wrapped around him and realizes the warmth is coming from Cas, and his wings. While he can’t exactly see it there, he can feel one wing draped over him acting as an extra blanket. Dean sighs in relief as there was part of him that wondered if last night had been a dream. Realizing that Dean is waking up, Cas pulls him in even closer, his hand pressing the feather pendant over Dean’s heart. Dean smiles, remembering that Cas told him he’d be able to hear Dean’s heartbeat through the pendant.
Somewhere in the back of Dean’s mind he worried that the amazing man in his passenger seat would eventually see the fucked-up Dean, the guy who’d decided to abandon his own father to protect his little brother. The man who’d spent years burying himself in hunting supernatural creatures just to avoid having to handle any of his personal issues. That voice would grow louder, Dean was sure, but in the meantime, Dean preferred to be the guy who’d woken up to a feather tattooed man turned koala, having attached himself to Dean after they’d both fallen asleep next to one another the previous night. As far as Dean was concerned, that guy had it made and he’d try to be that version of himself for as long as he could manage.
“I don’t know. It doesn’t feel like anything wrong, though. More like something very, very right.” Dean drowns in Cas’ rumbling voice, enraptured. As much as Dean wishes he could stay here and enjoy the moment, he manages to close his eyes, breaking whatever strange thing the two of them were experiencing. When he opens his eyes again Cas looks disappointed.
“I just thought it’d be nice. I got some sneaky ones of Dean being all adorable with Cas.” Sam laughed.
“Sorry, sorry! Did I hurt you? I didn’t mean anything by it, they were just so amazing… I’m so sorry Cas!” Dean held up his hands trying to placate the angel as he also sat up. Cas looked at his wings as if he had just realized they were physically present. Surprise travelled over his features and with a roll of Cas’ shoulders the wings disappeared. Dean tried not to look as disappointed as he felt. Cas turned back to Dean and briefly touched his jaw.
Cas starts laughing, more uncontrollably than anything Dean has seen from the angel before. It’s joyous and infectious and soon Dean is also laughing, hard enough that tears start trickling down his cheeks. At some point Sam must have made himself scarce and Dean and Cas share a few more smiling kisses before pulling on their obligatory Christmas pajamas and making their way towards the common areas.
“What are you guys talking about?” Dean looked between Cas and Gabe with confusion pinching his brow. Cas gestured at Gabe’s massive wings that should have been really hard to miss but Dean still seemed lost.
“Are you going to help, or not?”, Cas asked with a growl. Sam saw that the angel was fighting a smile though. Dean grumbled a bit but started passing the lights back around the tree to Cas. Sam stacked the ornaments that really did need to be tossed back into the box thinking hard about what he wanted to do for both his brother and his angelic friend.
“Pretty much, yeah. Honestly you and Cas are the only ones who seem to assume there’s nothing going on between you two.” Dean glowered at him, but Sam just smiled. “Actually, I kind of wanted to talk to you about the whole thing.” Dean looked at him suspiciously.
“Even if I can’t get a break before school lets out, I have the entire week off for Thanksgiving. As long as you want me around, and as long as you don’t mind me studying, I’m happy to spend my time off with you.” Cas’ face went a little red and it took Dean a second to realize that Cas was blushing.
“Better?”
“Really? I mean, thanks angel, but I don’t want to intrude.”  Cas tilted his head and narrowed his eyes trying to figure out what Dean really wanted. Dean was rubbing the back of his neck while standing awkwardly in the middle of the kitchen. Cas wasn’t always great at social interaction but reading Dean… there was something about him that spoke to Cas.
“Charlie, Dean doesn’t want to talk to me about his feelings. He doesn’t even want to admit he has feeling outside of a love for pie and Baby.”
So, Dean had sucked it up and let her lead the way through the Christmas lit streets of the historic town. He had to admit that the town was a great location for Christmas events. The old stone buildings were dripping with colorful lights and there were lit candles in most of the windows. He was happy to see how Cas was looking around with a small smile on his face as he watched a family take their children to different stores looking at the windows and checking something off of a list. Dean looked around and noticed there were a lot of people carrying around the same list. They must have some sort of scavenger hunt going on. He caught Charlie’s sleeve to get her attention.
Day 4: Secrets
“Mmm, alright, carry on with the thinking.” Cas let out a long and contented hum, deep enough that Dean privately thought his angel was purring.
“I don’t suppose you’d like to eat said pizza at any point tonight?”
“I tore through the bindings when I healed Dean.” Cas remembered feeling the power in Dean’s soul and getting the idea to pull the power he needed from his own inner self rather than take from Dean. He could still feel the sensation of the bindings fraying as he tore through them in the desperate effort to save Dean’s life, he just didn’t know what they were at the time.
“Uhh, well, there’s kinda a reason but – I’m, um – I…” Dean didn’t really know what he was trying to say here, he just knew he felt all twisted in knots over the kiss last night and what it meant, or didn’t mean. Charlie took pity on him.
“Dean?”
After his blood work and x-ray came back, Dean was diagnosed with Rheumatoid arthritis. Dean had always thought of arthritis as something that happened to much older people but he quickly found out that he was far from alone in developing the autoimmune disorder at a younger age. He also learned that the arthritis he’d known about was actually osteoarthritis – not the same condition at all, although Dean was less than pleased to find out having RA made it more likely for him to develop osteoarthritis down the line.
“Well come on then, I suppose I’m helping you.” She turned around quickly as Gabriel followed and jabbed her finger into his chest. “You will owe me archangel, and I plan on collecting.” Gabriel laughed.
“It – it’s… I can feel your hands on the feathers Dean. As if they were actual feathers attached to my body. It felt wonderful actually.” At Cas’ words Dean resumed running his hands along Cas’ back. Cas sighed with happiness at the sensation.
“I can definitely see your wings, sunshine. Are you saying Gabe has wings?” Cas nodded.
“If it helps, I can tell you that this isn’t normal witchcraft. There’s definitely a magical aspect at work, but I think it’s more than that, especially since we felt it even before you got those cuffs off of me earlier.” Cas tilted his head and tried to focus in on Dean. “I told you that it feels like you’re thrumming, and I felt that when I was still in the car. Before I even saw you, I knew to run towards you today. I think – I think this would have happened the first time we met regardless of the circumstances.”
“Thank you again, Dean. I’d like to give you your gift now, if that’s okay.” Cas looks almost shy when he looks up at Dean through his eyelashes while sitting on his new bed. Dean’s breath catches for just a second, Cas’ beauty just hits him like that sometimes.
Cas felt disoriented from what he assumed was a combination of the concussion he’d earned earlier in the day, the hood covering his face, and the bumpy road. He’d started feeling nauseous again but was trying his best to keep his stomach calm as vomiting in the hood was sure to be disgusting. He attempted to breathe in a controlled manner so as to stay alert and aware of his situation. The Demon Coven we rumored to be based on the East Coast so a drive from mid-Missouri to where Cas thought the higher ups would be was bound to involve windows of opportunity for escape.
