Whether or not Castiel believed him, it was enough for the angel to make up his mind. He took one last, long look at Dean and told him he would be back soon. It was a promise, made to calm him down, reassure him. Dean didn’t answer and Castiel disappeared.
He stared at Ben for a moment. It had been a dumb question, but the kid took his time thinking about it.
“It might be a good idea”, Sam said, cautiously. “It would be very helpful for Jack to learn how to drive”.
“The recipe was more complex than I had previously anticipated”, he pointed out, in a very serious voice. Dean snorts before smiling fondly at Cas.
“There will be more, you know?” She told the angel “More groups, more attacks. Leviathan don’t really like us, but they hate you a lot more”.
In the dark, there were no dreams, or not what you would usually call a dream. He could hear voices, familiar voices, although he could not decipher the meaning of the words. It was as if he was underwater, and people kept calling to him. Benny and Cas from the light, something else from the darkness. And sometimes the voices materialized.
“It should have”, Castiel answered, sliding the other journals over the table to him. “We should start reading”.
Benny watched while Castiel blasted the life out of a vampire. It was faster and cleaner than what he and Dean had to do – one flash of light and it was over – but for some reason, it terrified him a hell of a lot more. If the angel one day decided to come for him, there was absolutely nothing Benny could do about it. That along with the fact that Benny was almost sure the angel wouldn’t be able to go through the portal made Castiel’s presence disquieting, to say the least. Benny had a feeling Cas wasn’t a fan of him or the plan either, but Dean had no interest in listening to either of them and, without Dean, the whole thing was pointless. So Benny had no other choice but to go along with it.
“You look in his direction and I’ll have you on the ground before you can move a muscle”, Cas warned her. Benny had never seen him like this: fully angelic, terrifying, merciless. One could almost forget he was dressed in a hospital gown and a wrecked trench coat. Julietta could feel it too, and stepped further away from the angel, taking care not to look at where Dean laid on the ground. Why hadn’t he stood up yet? Castiel had probably healed him before helping him.
“I never told him I forgave him”, Dean muttered, as a different kind of panic took hold of his face. When he spoke it was rushed and mumbled. “Every time he comes back, I’m so angry at him for having left… I never told him I forgive him every time”.
As Dean pulled out of the garage, Jack started fiddling with the tapes in the glove compartment. Dean watched from the corner of his eye and was filled with horror when the kid took out (
Benny glanced at the angel, amazed by what he was hearing. That ragged, bearded, strange man who talked like a crazy person and wore a worn-out trench coat
“So what?" He asked, roughly. "She just thinks you’re road tripping the country with friends?” Ben kept his eyes on the ground, and Dean caught something familiar in his posture. Was it guilt? Shame? Both were very fitting emotions, in his opinion.
“And… they came”, he said, as if that was the most obvious thing in the world. It was freaking unbelievable. “Look, Dean, it was a victimless crime”, Sam added. “You were already stressed out of mind with the whole Ben situation and Cas is walking on egg shelves around Claire…”
“Yeah, sure.” Sam seemed surprised by the suggestion but recomposed himself quickly enough. “Dean and Claire have a point, Ben. You could use some rest before hitting the road. All the rooms have bathrooms with hot water too if you want to take a shower.
“And how should I know that you’re real?” In Dean’s head, it was formulated as a joke, but the thought terrified him when it was spoken out loud. What if Cas, this Cas right in front of him, wasn’t real, then what would he do? He felt that he suddenly couldn’t breathe.
“Good”, Dean told him, patting him on the shoulder before straightening back in his seat and fixing his seatbelts as tightly as he could. “Then step on the gas like your life depends on it”.
Claire didn’t seem surprised by that. He expected her to jump to Dean’s defense, but she simply stood quietly, eyes locked on the lighter. Then she sighed deeply and handed it back to him.
“He explodes” Cas finished the sentence with an agreeing nod. That didn’t surprise Benny in the slightest. “It’s not pretty”
“Then I’ll watch over you”. Dean rolled his eyes. This argument was taking precious seconds away from their monster-free time.
“Everything is ok now!” Jack shook his hand, trying to appease her. “I brought Cas back, and a while later Dean apologized to me. That’s what I was getting at.”
Once Benny seems settled enough, Dean turned to Cas, who had remained silent throughout the whole procedure. Dean wondered how he felt about seeing him taking in a soul inside his body if it triggered anything in Cas after what he’d been through. “Let’s go”, he tells the angel. Cas nods and they start moving towards the portal.
“Ever told you I prefer you in pled?” He asked, working his way slowly up Castiel’s shirt. “My pled, to be precise. That blue and green one you always steal”.
After the kiss, the venom’s effect seemed to wear off pretty quickly. Cas imagined that the shock – or whatever Dean’s reaction was – had purged most of what was still left out of his system. Not all of it. He and Benny still had to deal with a pretty shaken up Dean Winchester for a few hours after that. He was shaky and uneasy, and Cas was pretty sure Dean had a couple of hallucinations before he was completely clean. He hoped it hadn’t been John but had a strong feeling that it might have been. John Winchester, coming back to pass judgment on his son once again. Castiel could relate to the fear of a father’s judgment. He also wanted to tell Dean he had done nothing wrong to be judged for.
A loud sound snapped his head to the door of the library. Dean stepped away from him immediately, but it was too late. Claire, who had just collided with one of the chairs, was looking at them, eyes wide open and mouth ajar. Her face was pure shock, but he couldn’t be sure if there were any other emotions in there or not. Cas wasn’t sure how long had she been there, but he was pretty sure it had been too long for plausible deniability.
“Ben?” He felt her hands gripping his shoulders while she shook him, trying to get him to wake up. “
Dean smiled against himself. “And it’s not even ten in the morning”, he took a long sip of his coffee. “You guys are gonna traumatize him.”
"Nothing" He admitted, taking the angel blade from his belt. It shined, which was weird since there was no light around for it to reflect. "But please hear me out".
“Ok. You have my word that I’ll stay”, Ben said. He wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to. It was dangerous to make a deal in which you don’t know what exactly you’re giving up. But something in his gut told him Dean didn’t want to hurt him. Not really. Against all odds, he felt safe. “I’ll listen to whatever it is you have to tell me”.
"It's not for you little human eyes" the Empty replied, sounding actually offended. "But if you could see it? Wow". Dean rolled his little human eyes.
“Dean, you’re freaking me out, dude”, Ben tried to play it off as a joke, but Dean’s words had made him shiver. The hunter tapped him on the shoulder in a reassuring gesture.
“Cas doesn’t”, Dean added, with his back turned to them. He took a quick look at Cas, who was holding his mug as if it was the holy grail, and smiled to himself. “He just likes coffee”.
"Knowing the Empty, it probably won't feel like much", Dean whispered, finishing Jack's thoughts. The boy's face told him he was right. Dean took a deep breath. He would have to make this work with little time then.  "Ok then", he said, stepping into the rift.
With this week being the exception (since I'm posting on Monday), I plan on regular updates every Wednesday! (I hope)
“Ben is all grown up, Dean”, Cas told him, in a whisper. “There’s no point in keeping him away from the supernatural world now. And he was already trained by someone else.
Instead, he kept putting on smiles and talking about what they would do once they were out. And at that moment it was not that bad.
He didn’t have to finish that sentence. Benny knew it, even though neither Cas nor Dean had ever said it out loud. The angel was not at full power. He could fly and heal, but there was something off. Benny hadn’t seen what full power Castiel looked like, but from the glimpse he had just witnessed, he wasn’t sure he ever wanted to.
“What did it?”, he managed to ask, trying his best to keep his voice even. If he let something show, Ben didn't seem to notice.
“Can I ask you something?”, Sam inquired, lowering his voice. He was inexplicably tired. “Why the half-truths?”
“Vampire nest? Really”, Ben frowned at some of the articles Sam had laid over the table. There were at least a dozen, from different cities throughout the Midwest, mostly Iowa and Missouri, although there was also one case in Kansas and one in Nebraska. “Kind of a large area”.
“What do you mean by twilight?” asked the vampire, without raising the cap off his eyes. Dean sighed. Between the angel and the vampire who had been dead for decades, his pop culture references were probably a foreign dialect.
“That what happened to you and Dean?” Benny didn’t mean to make that question. It simply came out. For a second he thought Cas wouldn’t answer, but the angel simply went quiet for a second, as if he was considering his answer carefully.
“They are also slightly loose on me”, Castiel continued, “which I find very comfortable. Maybe I should go for Sam’s closet next. I’m sure larger clothes will feel extremely pleasant”.
“What, a dead friend?” Dean took a long, deep breath, trying to keep his anger in check. “Ben, if you stick with hunting, your future is going to be nothing
"None taken", Cas answered, sounding so distracted that Dean was surprised he had actually listened to what Benny had said. Though of course, Castiel was always listening to everything.
“The Campbells were a very old, very douchey family of hunters”, he said. “But anyway, mom had hers, with her initials and all, and dad used it for hunting for two decades. Without having any idea of what he was carrying around. Irony can be a bitch sometimes.”
“Some things are easier here”, the hunter finally answered, giving up and laying on his back again, eyes turned to the treetops above them. “I know that sounds nuts because nothing is easier here but…”
Dean shrugged. “The bodies are probably buried already, but the coroner’s office might still hold the records”. He turned his head to Cas, who was still standing unnaturally close to him. “Wanna go check it out? Claire won’t be back for another couple of hours”.
“Fine”, he whispered, surprised at how weak his voice came out. “I’m fine”, he tried again, a little more certain this time. “What happened?”
“Do angels even need to eat?”, Ben asked, looking suspiciously at Jack’s gigantic bowl of Lucky Charms.
For maybe the first time ever, Sam felt that the monster of the week could wait. From what he and Cas had gathered on the nest’s M.O., they’d probably lay low for at least another week or so before striking again, which meant no one was at imminent danger at the moment.
“Shouldn’t you get back to Jody at some point?”, Dean inquired. He was standing beside Castiel, arms brushing slightly against each other. Ben wondered if the lack of personal space was an angel thing or a Dean-And-Cas thing. He had a hunch it was the latter.
He still wore the trench every time they went out for a case, kind of like a uniform or maybe an amour. Dean assumed he had chosen to wear it this morning for the sake of Claire. He planned on telling her about him and Dean with words instead of letting her reach the conclusion by herself after watching him drink coffee in his boyfriend’s clothes. Dean cringed slightly at that word, even if he was using it just for himself. Sam used it, half-jokingly, half-encouraging, in a meaningful attempt to help Dean get used to it. And he was getting used to it, but neither Dean nor Cas had ever said it out loud (although Cas didn’t really grasp the importance of relationship labels, so it didn’t really seem to matter to him one way or the other). Another baby step, for sure. Sighing, Dean began walking over to Cas to ask him what was going on when Ben recovered his ability to speak.
"I've been calling" Dean answered, and Sam was a bit shocked about how much he sounded like a father at that moment. He didn't sound annoyed though.
Jack came by the bunker on a Saturday morning. Sam and Eileen were just back from a morning run and Dean was working on the car, something he'd been doing a lot over the last few months, even though the car had barely left the garage. He appeared in the middle of the library and stood there, absolutely silent, waiting for everyone to notice him. The first one who did was Sam, who was coming from the kitchen with a bottle of water for Eileen, which he immediately dropped. When the bottle hit the ground, Jack turned to him, smiled, and raised his hand.
Ben nodded, still disoriented by the quick progression of events. He allowed Sam to guide him down the hallway into the heart of the bunker, allowing himself a final look over his shoulder. Taking in the confusing sight of Dean Winchester one last time, Ben caught another unexpected emotion in the hunter’s eyes before looking away: panic.
“I’ll explain everything, ok? I promise." Dean looked him deep in the eyes and Ben had that weird sense of deja vu again. The high-pitched sound came first, then the ache, at the back of his head. He held his breath, trying not to squeeze his eyes. He knew it would get worse. Dean seemed to notice it too. "But you have to trust me first”.
"Ok, Bob the Builder. I think you know why I am here". The Empty turned back to Dean as if it had forgotten he was there for a moment.
"He knew" Dean assured her, with a soft tap on her back. He wasn't sure that was how to comfort a girl, but he had never been around teenage girls, so he wouldn't know. He was good with children, he thought, but Claire was far from a child. So he hoped that would be enough. "He knew, Claire. Don't worry".
“Yes”. Cas's smile widened and Dean opened his eyes to stare at him. Cas shrugged, feeling himself softening under Dean’s confused expression. “I’m happy you still have something to look forward to over there. You seem dangerously comfortable here sometimes”.
To Dean’s utmost surprise, Ben turned out to be easier to deal with than Sam. Once he got back with Jack and Cas, he found his brother and Ben sitting exactly as he left them, but with a bigger pile of books and papers between them. Ben looked in desperate need of rescue and Sam looked as if he would fall asleep while sitting at any minute. Apparently, Asa’s journals (yes, journals,
going there” Dean warned, raising a hand as if to stop him from talking. “We can go through all the shit you pulled over the past year once we’re back, man. Tones of ways you can atone for your sins later. Hell, I’ll even send you to therapy if it helps. But right now?” Dean looked Cas in the eyes, very seriously. “Right now I
He turned around to sit beside Dean on the ground and only then it hit him: they were finally alone for the first time in over a month. Cas wondered if Benny was aware of what he was doing or if it had simply been a happy coincidence. Once he saw a slight tension taking on Dean’s face, however, he changed his mind about the ‘happy’ part. He let out a deep sigh and braced himself for what he knew would be a very uncomfortable conversation.
As it turns out, second kisses are way harder than first ones. In Dean's experience, they shouldn't be. Usually, if you had a decent first kiss, the second would come like some sort of natural progression. Which was not the case at all with him and Cass when they got back to the bunker.
There was a terrible moment of silence after that in which Dean thanked Chuck for the fact that they were alone on a very empty highway, otherwise, Dean is pretty sure he might have crashed the car. Why,
When they finally pulled apart, Dean’s hair was gorgeously unraveled, but he was still wearing one too many layers of clothing in Castiel’s opinion.
Ben forced himself to hold Dean’s gaze. The older hunter had a piercing, almost violent look in his eyes, but Ben stood his ground the best he could.
Cas cocked his head, confused by the melody for some reason, which made him look a bit like a puppy. A small smile escaped Dean because Cas had no right looking like
To her surprise, Claire felt tears forming in her eyes. She brushed them away, but the crying was coming, forming a knot on her throat that was very hard to fight. She felt Jack’s arms coming around her as he pulled her into a tight hug. He hugged like a child does, with his whole body bringing her close. The proximity made her realize how tall he actually was, which felt wrong, for some reason, since he was still very small on her mind. Claire leaned into it, letting her head fall against Jack’s chest, and sobbed. She wasn’t even sure what she was sobbing about. Part of it was concerned for Ben, part of it was missing Kaia, plus the frustration of not being able to reach her.  It was just too much, all at once.
“I can’t deny it is a weird case, but I didn’t think it was something of federal interest”, she’d said, once Dean explained why they were there.
“They were exploring the bunker”, Sam explained, looking slightly guilty for the first time now. “The arsenal, the storage rooms downstairs, the library…” he paused, glancing at Cas for a second as if making sure it was safe to go on. Cas’s hand on Dean’s knee assured him that it was, even though Dean wasn’t sure Sam could see it. “…and your room”, he completed.
That whole conversation would have shocked Ben if he’d paid attention to any of it. Unfortunately, the second his eyes met the lighter, his heart skipped a beat and he stopped listening to a thing they said. It wasn’t possible.
“There’s nothing to talk about. Not really”, Benny reassured him, because it was mostly true. “I’ve been here for ages. Sometimes is easier to be alone and sometimes is easier to be with someone else.”
, Dean” Cas assured him, wondering how Dean had guessed that he was smiling even though his eyes were still shut. “I’m happy for you.”
As it turned out, this particular group was better prepared than their usual Purgatory monsters. Their attacks were well thought and synchronized, barely giving Dean and Benny time to get back on their feet before being struck again. One, in particular, an older woman, in her fifties, had fighting skills way above average. During the first minutes of combat, she remained mostly at the sidelines. At first, Dean imagined she was waiting for an opening, but he was wrong. She was studying them, their movements, and their fighting style. And when they had guttered three members of her pack and scared one off, she finally advanced against them. The three wolves who were still standing took a step back as soon as she moved.
”. Dean expressed affection like that. Never explicit. Never spelled out but in the smallest of things. And Cas was ok with that, he didn’t need anything else. But still, after all those years, these tokens of deep appreciation always surprised him. And this had been a big one. He thought Dean would mistake his silence for a sign to shut up, but instead, the hunter kept talking.
Benny sighed and followed Dean closely. He picked up a tune (take me home, country roads) and started whistling. Dean didn’t seem to mind. He was calm at first, focused on the trail ahead of them, blade at hand and heartbeat under control. It took about fifteen whole minutes for him to begin showing signs of uneasiness again. He got more and more restless as they went on, frenetically searching the woods around them, eyes jumping from one point to the other and back again. His hand tightened so much around the handle of his knife that Benny was sure he was impairing the blood circulation on his knuckles. If tense muscles could make a sound, Dean’s would be screaming right now.
Feel free to comment on anything you like or don't like about the fic. It's always a pleasure to read everybody's comments.
Dean was faster than him though. Before he realized it, the hunter had his arms wrapped tightly around Cass and was pulling him into a deep hug. He was holding him as if Cass was the most precious thing in the universe. As if he was afraid to let go and lose him all over again. Cass had been so preoccupied with the worst-case scenario and with settling with what he got that he hadn't even considered something like this. This warmth... it was beyond his expectations. He returned the hug, pressing Dean's body against his as tightly as he possibly could. When Dean finally pulled away, his eyes were filled with tears.
He tried not to think about how Dean reacted to their last moments together. Part of him was relieved he didn't have time to answer Castiel's declaration. What if didn't reciprocate? What if he was angry? What if right now Dean was trying to forget Castiel ever said anything? He couldn't take that. So maybe no answer was better than a bad answer, he convinced himself.
It was a soft kiss, at the same time rushed and slow. It was shorter than Castiel would have liked, but that was probably for the best. He was so surprised he wasn't even sure if he had returned the kiss or simply stood there, too shocked to do anything. Dean's smirky little grin told him it was the latter. Castiel felt himself blushing with embarrassment and confusion.
Cas let himself enjoy Dean’s warmth. After what he’d done to Sam, that was something he never thought he would have again. It was so overwhelming he almost felt that he should give up on staying behind. Maybe he and Dean could figure it out after all. Maybe he could find forgiveness outside, with Dean’s help.
He wondered what the others were doing. Sam was probably back at the library, trying to put together what they gathered from Asa’s journals with what he had from the newspapers and coroner’s report. Just as Dean predicted, Sam’s two-hour nap turned into a six-hour nap, and he woke up after lunch furious about having lost a day of research, even though he looked undoubtedly better when he joined them. Not that it mattered much, since he would spend the night making up for the lost time. Jack was already in his room, probably exploring the wonders of Netflix (Cas couldn’t blame him. It was a really hooking device, but if Jack continued to display signs of addiction towards long-running TV shows, he would have to set some ground rules or limits on his screen time). Ben and Claire were a more complicated matter.
The vampire smiled while staring at the wound on Dean’s arm. He was trying to hide his uneasiness. It wasn’t necessary. Dean knew that if he had to put his soul into another dude’s arm he would be terrified as well. Benny grinned at him one last time before stepping forward. “Putting a lot of trust in you, brother”
For a second, he wondered if he had pushed too far. Ben looked as if he was considering jumping out of the car. He had more than a few reasons not to trust Dean. Instead, the kid smiled at him like someone saying
“Define snooping around”, Dean asked him. His voice was dangerously low now, which Sam knew could be way worse than yelling. Under the table, he felt Cas squeezing his knee gently.
Now, looking at the articles fifteen minutes later, Ben was intrigued. Something about it struck him as familiar, but he wasn’t sure why. “Were their throats ripped out?”, he asked, quietly. He couldn’t find that information in the article, and it seemed something weird to leave out.
Claire threw her phone on the bed. She had tried calling Kaia four times already, always going straight to voicemail. The fourth time, she had let the electronic message play out, just so she could hear Kaia’s voice telling her: “
“Claire?” A voice called from the other side of the door. Jack. “Just wanted to make sure you were ok”.
"I'm attempting to make pancakes" Cass answered, with a very serious voice. Dean caught a glimpse of the pile of failed pancakes accumulating on the trash and tried not to laugh. "It is harder than it looks".
“Hey, Ben? You know how to make a 180º turn with one hand?”, he yelled. Ben looked from Jack to Claire, frowning in confusion.
“I lie, I don’t get lied to”, Benny retorted, without turning back at them. “Aren’t you guys all about faith?”
you here, with me. And I need you whole. I need your head in the game. So no self-pity parties until we’re safe and sound in a crappy motel anywhere far from here. Got it?
kid has an addictive personality when it comes to sugar and tv, but he never had much contact with children, so he’s sort of overly worried”, Dean laughed to himself. “Cas is even worse”. Then he tapped Ben quickly on the shoulder, pointing towards a tree that was growing by the road. “Hey, stop over there and make the turn. We’ll have enough space”.
“Yeah, mostly”, Sam bent over a cupboard and took a couple of files from one of the drawers. “We have the coroner’s report on the murdered family we got from the morgue in Sioux City. Want to read that again too”.
But now things were different, better. They were almost a year into this thing (Dean wasn’t sure about when exactly the “relationship” itself had officially started – if it ever had – so he used their first night together as a generic time marker), and by now he was absolutely spoiled. Cas didn’t really need to sleep, but he had developed the habit of dozing off next to Dean while running his fingers through the hunter’s hair. Dean wasn’t sure if dozing off was the correct word for it. It was more as if Cas disconnected for a bit, sort of like a computer in sleep mode. When Dean woke up, Cas’s eyes would pop open immediately to stare at him, and he would smile at Dean as if he was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen in his life. It used to bother him; the way Cas looked at him like he was precious. He felt embarrassed, in part because no one had ever looked at him like that before and in part because he felt undeserving of it. He still did, even after all this time. But now he also kind of missed it when it wasn’t there. He missed everything about Cas when he wasn’t there (not that he would ever admit that
“He came into the entrance room a few seconds after you left”, Cas explained. His voice was steady, but Dean knew by the way he was holding on to his hand that the angel was also on edge.
"Anyway, I've seen what those fuckers can do. But your angel over here?” Benny gave Cas a side look from underneath the cap. “He lets you pet him”
, and that made all the difference. If they had more time, he might be able to analyze his own feelings on the subject. But there wouldn’t be. Dean would be out of Purgatory sooner rather than later, and he would be left alone with his thoughts. There was no reason to torture himself trying to understand something that he would never be able to enjoy. Maybe just having that memory would have to be enough. He opened his mouth to try to talk to Dean again:
Dean starts the incantation and observes while Benny is dragged into him. It looks weird, but it feels like shit. Having another soul slide into you it’s uncomfortable and invasive. It burns like hell and once it is all inside, it tingled and itched as if fire ants were biting him from the inside. As strange as it sounds, Dean imagined he could feel
“I care because you can still get away from this”, He told Ben, putting a hand on his shoulder, and forcing the kid to face him. “There’s no reason for you to…”
“Oh, ye of friggin little Faith”, he said, grinning at them. Dean didn’t react. He couldn’t believe it. After all that time, he couldn’t believe they had made it. And the feeling was so god damn intense he couldn’t even begin to organize his thoughts.
“Girlfriend?” Then he glanced at Cas with a quick side look. There was something weirdly mischievous in his eyes. “Boyfriend?”
“Well, I figured I’m probably not your favorite person at the moment, Jully” He gasped. Now that the fighting had stopped, he was finally starting to feel his wound. And it was hurting like hell. “So I’m sorry if I wasn’t exactly in a rush to see you”.
Dean dozed back and forth between conscious and unconscious. He remembered hearing Benny and Cas’s voice, seeing Cas sitting by his side, protective, then diving deep into the darkness again.
Claire raised a suspicious eyebrow. Dean’s apologies, like her own, weren’t usually the best ones. That’s when they existed at all.
Claire rolled her eyes, but Dean could tell she was genuinely concerned. The girl followed Jack to help him with the cleaning, and Cas dragged Dean out of the kitchen before Ben or Kaia could add anything that would make the whole situation even more awkward (as if that was even possible).
“Does she know?” He asked, even though he already knew the answer. “About any of this?” Ben raised his eyes at Dean, taken aback by either the question or the sudden harshness on Dean’s voice.
Things went a lot more smoothly after that, and Jack eventually got the hang of it. After Dean thought he had made enough progress for his first morning, he told Jack and Claire to switch seats and asked her what she wanted to learn. This whole thing might have been a scam on her part, but Dean decided that wouldn’t stop him from enjoying the morning and maybe teaching her something after all. As it turned out, the things she wanted to learn (like this particular U-turn), weren’t exactly safe, so he eventually told Ben and Jack to wait outside.
“They are heading to the station now”, the angel informed him, with the ghost of a smile still lingering on his face. “Kaia doesn’t want to arrive at the Campus after dark.”
“I believe he started asking questions”, Cas told him, holding Dean’s gaze before adding, with a small smile. “Which, as you well know, is an endeavor that makes even the mightiest of us fall from our pedestals”.
“It’s his car” Cas interjected before Dean could answer with whatever he was about to come up with as a comeback. Benny giggled.
“Jimmy”, Dean finished. He usually didn’t think about that name at all. Cas was just Cas to him, always had been. But he knew the angel carried that guilt every day. “You really think she’ll mind? Her father’s not in there anymore. She knows that. She’s known it for years. She’s known
“…they’d pass out from blood loss”, Dean finished. The doctor nodded. “So, they were probably put to sleep, but that’s it? The blood loss did the rest of the work?”
true, hypothetically, at least. Not only because following Dean around was all he was good at while he was on earth, but also because watching Dean happy, watching him enjoying himself, was something that he
“Not much”, Castiel assured him, with a small smile. “Barely an hour. I needed to shut off your mind for a second, otherwise you’d end up hurting yourself”.
“I think that was the last one”, said Cas, disposing of the body whose insides he had just vaporized. “At least from this group”.
Benny opened his mouth to answer, but before he could say anything, Castiel’s expression changed, going from soft to alert in a second. He assumed a defensive position and drew his silver blade from his sleeve. Benny hadn’t heard a thing, but he knew that look. He had seen it more times than he would have wished for over the last few months. Leviathan.
Dean’s eyebrows jumped.  “You were trained by Asa Fox?” A part of him was somehow relieved. At least Ben had been in good hands. Asa was not only a very capable hunter, but he was also a nice guy. Or as nice of a guy as a hunter could be. Nicer than drill sergeant John Winchester, he hoped.
He suddenly realized he wanted Cas’s hand against him again, keeping him steady. But of course, he wouldn’t ask for that. Instead, he simply said, “Shall we?” and started walking again. Dean could feel the worried gazes of Cas and Benny on his back but didn’t turn to face them. They soon begin to walk after him. It would be ok, he assured himself.
“Hey, Ben?” Claire asked again, snapping her fingers in front of his eyes.  Ben blinks a couple more times, finally being able to focus properly on her.
He sounded so tired as if there wasn’t a single spark of strength left in him. Dean swallowed. They were so close. Cas just had to hold on for a little bit longer and then they would be back home, and he could rest and let go of whatever it was that was eating him since they arrived at that place. He felt a very strong urge to hug Cas right there and then. Just pull him close, tell him it was going to be ok. Comfort him and tell him he would be able to rest very soon. He just had to hold on for a little bit longer. He didn’t do any of that. Instead, he held Cas’s gaze and said, as firmly and confidently as he could:
It was a valid point, but Cas was still unsure. “What if you run into trouble?” Benny shrugged, apparently unconcerned.
Ben blinked twice before the shapes around him started to make sense. There was Claire, directly above him, looking worried. Then there was Dean, in the driver’s seat, looking back over his shoulder (that didn’t seem very safe. They were driving really fast). Jack was sitting shotgun, also looking over his shoulder towards Ben.
"He would be glad if you were the one to go talk to him, Dean." He added. "From what I've heard, the two of you have unfinished business. This will be your last chance to set things straight with him. I will be waiting for your call".
It was a fleeting thought and it was gone almost as fast as it had been formed. There were too many crimes hanging over his head. He didn’t deserve an easy way out like that. Especially one that would bring him so much happiness.
to be the same case. There were too many similarities. Unfortunately, he was only sixteen when Asa was actively investigating that case, and the older hunter couldn’t really share a lot with him. He cursed himself for being so goddamn useless at the time.
“Fine”, he said, with a very long, very exhausted sigh. “We can go. Is either that or vampire brainstorming day, so I guess this is a win”. The smile that ignited in Jack’s face was enough to make the inevitable stress on his future seem worth it. Hardening his expression, a bit, he turned to the other two: “We leave in ten, got it? If you’re not on the garage by then, I’m leaving you behind”.
“We’ve had this conversation before”. Cas didn’t want to lie to him but telling him that he wouldn’t be doing anything because he would not be coming back seemed like a terrible option as well.
“Can you blame them?” Sam arched his eyebrows, defiantly facing Dean. “We’ve been acting all sorts of weird around Ben since he got here. Claire knows how our ‘normal’ looks like and she knows that’s not it”.
to touch Cas, to keep him close, to feel his warmth and his presence. And they were in Purgatory. They were doomed already and there was no one close to judge, so why not? Why hold back? He wasn’t holding back with the killings – he felt a lot freer than he had in a very long time – why should he hold back when it came to Cas?
Ben blinked a couple of times, trying to organize his thoughts, but it was a worthless effort. He remembered waking up in the car, with his head on Claire’s lap and everyone else looking at him as if he was about to die. Then he remembered Castiel in the garage. He remembered the warmth that filled him when the angel’s fingers touched his forehead. The rest of it was a blur. There were fragments of a conversation with Claire, and she seemed worried, but he couldn’t remember what they were talking about or how did they end up in his room. He didn’t remember her leaving and he
“We need to talk, Dean”, the angel said, in a commanding tone Ben didn’t think him capable of. “Alone”.
“Damn well it was” Dean grumbled, looking away from him. They fell into silence after that, each of them lost in his own thoughts. Benny, as usual, was the first one to break it.
“We have to tell Cas about the lighter”, Claire said. She was pacing the room around his bed, nervously biting her nails. For the first time since the previous morning, she didn’t sound confident or bold. She sounded terrified. And he was unfortunately too out of it to realize that his current state was probably the reason why. “You could have gotten hurt! You could have hit the car and killed both yourself
“Took you long enough” Dean mouthed, faintly. He could feel himself on the edge of consciousness, about to pass out.
“Oh, you really didn’t have to worry so much”, Ben hastened to reassure him. He felt suddenly embarrassed under the attention he was receiving. “My mom was absolutely fine. She was confused for a couple of hours, but we were discharged on the same day. We weren’t hurt or anything like that”.
“You could say that”, he finally said, after making sure his voice would come out steady enough. “My dad, he was a hunter. He always dropped me a Sam at motels or with friends, not all of which did a very good job”. He suppressed a shiver. Being left at Bobby’s was always good, always safe. But sometimes they were on the other side of the country and the job was urgent, which meant John wouldn’t spend two days driving to Sioux Falls. And many of John’s other friends hadn't been exactly what one might call caring. “So I kind of parented him a bit while we were growing up”, Dean forced himself to lighten up a little. “And I sure remember
“Shit”, he said, letting out a long breath. “I was beginning to think we would avoid this conversation forever”.
"You can feel bad about hurting someone", he continued. "But you never should feel guilty about what you’re feeling.”
“Drop the chick-flick attitude, Benny. I’m not a child”, Dean moaned, rolling his eyes and angrily turning his back on the vampire. “You coming or what?”
They had a ceremony when things were more or less settled. Sam, Charly, Eileen, Jody, and the girls... Claire was particularly destroyed, and Dean could imagine why. The first time she lost her father, there was no body to bury. Even worse, his body was out there being used by somebody else. She had to say goodbye by herself to an absent figure without a single ritual, nothing that could help her move on. This time, her father's body was gone, as well as the dorky angel she had somehow grown to love. It was like losing Jimmy all over again, but this time she wasn't alone. More people with her acknowledged the loss and suffered with her. Even so, Dean figured Claire was probably the one person who had more reason than he did to be conflicted about her feelings regarding Castiel's death.
“I won’t drop anything!” Dean grumbled. Decades of impeccable eye-hand coordination and combat expertise and all it took was two bad days for everyone to start treating him like a toddler. “And yeah, it may not be the best idea, but the kid will try to take off as soon as the girls do. I have to hold him here a little longer.”
“Can’t I have both?”, the kid asked, looking sadly at the bowl in his hands. Dean exchanged a quick look with Cas before nodding. What Sam didn’t know couldn’t hurt him, right?
Dean looked at him, still apprehensive, but trying not to flip. His breathing was too fast, but he looked at Benny and
He was thinking about all that one day, while the three of them were resting after days of non-stop violence. They had found a stream and sat down by its riverside, washed their hands, faces, and weapons (which was pointless, given that they would be filthy again in a matter of hours). Dean even scooped his hands and drank from the stream, which was an empty action for he didn’t need food or water in Purgatory. Still, the look of pleasure on his face made it look as if he was drinking happiness itself.
“Hey, babe?” Dean’s mouth quirked in a half-smile “I’d have settled for a good morning kiss, but if that’s what you’re into at 9 a.m….”
Castiel noticed what was going on only half a second after Benny. “Dean!”, he screamed, freeing himself from his numerous opponents and appearing right behind the wraith. Dean had barely hit the ground and the creature's eyes were already glowing like two burning beacons of light.  Castiel disposed of Its body – eyes burned and mouth half opened in a scream of agony – and bent over Dean.
This is it, guys. Your comments were what motivate me to keep writing and I want to thank you all so much for the support and for sticking around with me to see where this story was going.
Before Dean could say anything, Cas turned to him and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. The exact spot where he had left a mark on Dean’s skin all those years ago when he pulled him from hell. Dean couldn’t feel the scar anymore, but it was still there. He wondered if Cas knew that, and if he did if he had placed his hand there on purpose or not.
He took a few steps towards the table and extended his hand for Ben to shake it. Cas’s movement felt awkward and somehow rehearsed, like a child trying to copy an adult’s gesture. Ben shook it anyway.
“So spoiled”, the angel whispered, with a smile,  resuming the slow circles through Dean’s hair. The hunter’s body relaxed immediately, and Dean made a satisfied sound.
“Hey!” Dean felt his ears burning and glared murderously at Sam, but not without glancing guiltily at Cas and Ben first. There was no current reason Ben shouldn’t hear about things like that, but still, it felt kind of wrong given the one-year relationship with his
First of all, they didn't have as much time for themselves as they had first imagined they would. Sam and Jack were shocked then thrilled when they saw both of them coming out of the rift. Then, when Dean told them how he had managed to get Cass out, they were still happy, but less thrilled. Jack, in particular, looked as though he had just been hit by a truck. The kid was careful not to show just how preoccupied with the consequences of Dean's actions he actually was, but even though he was now God, he was still a terrible liar. But, just as Dean had predicted, he was too happy about Cass being back to get angry at any of them.
“The whole place feels it” he finished her sentence. Somehow, he had always known that even though no one had ever stated it out loud.
“Traitors”, he mumbled. Both of them smiled at him, Sam with amusement and Cas with pity. “You guys know Claire is planning something with this, right? No way she just wants driving lessons”.
“Wow, easy there, brother” Benny appeared by his side, supporting his weight and preventing a fall. “You just woke up from angel coma”.
“Wish I could say the same” the angel retorted, in the same flat tone he had used before. Julietta smiled and glanced at Benny.
“Benny” the vampire corrected him. Cas rolled his eyes and continued as if he had not been interrupted.
Also, I know this story has been kind of slow plotwise, but I promise next week's chapter will contain more action (and a bit more of Destiel's backstory, so stay tuned).
“I’m going to get ready too”, Jack said, still smiling, and rose from the table to follow the other two down the corridor. Once he was out of earshot, Dean raised his eyes from his plate to glare at his double-crossing brother and boyfriend.
They had found the perfect place to practice a few miles north from the bunker, a short segment of paved road that diverged from the main highway, leading mostly to nowhere. It was wide enough for two lanes, but there wasn’t a single car around. The pavement was also in pretty good shape, which was something he insisted on to preserve the car bumpers. Baby was strong, but not strong enough to come out undamaged from driving lessons in a bumpy street. It was a pleasant scenery, with young trees planted on both sides of the road and a vast green field that extended as far as the eyes could see. The four of them even managed to find some tree branches scattered by the pavement and used them to mark a car space for Jack to practice street parking.
“I need fire”, Castiel asked. Ben was surprised by that. He always thought angels could simply make fire out of nothing. But then again, he didn’t know any angels so that was just a wild guess. And Castiel seemed kind of powered down, for some reason. Recovering from something, maybe?
"And that his sacrifice was not in vain", Jack added. He looked deeply at Dean when saying it, and Dean asked himself what could the kid possibly be implying by that. There was not much time for speculation. Jack snapped his fingers (how very Chuck of him!) and opened a rift. Its glow was not yellow or orange, like Jack's rifts to other worlds. It had a pale, bluish glow. Which Dean couldn't help but think was kind of ironic.
“You earned it”, Dean assured him. Because it was true. Benny had earned every last bit of his trust. The vampire had put his own safety in jeopardy to protect Dean countless times over the past year. He had killed his own kind, he fought beside Dean and, most important of all, he had trusted Dean through every single step of the way. Yeah, Benny had earned his ride.
“So that he wouldn’t go around scratching. Yeah, I get it!”. Dean lowered his hands to his hips and stared at his feet. His breathing was still shallow, but he seemed less angry. Cas took it as a sign that it was safe to approach and laid a hand on Dean’s shoulder, squeezing it gently. “So, what now?” Dean asked, without looking at him.
“No, we’ve talked about things we’ve missed, or things we want to do again”, Dean corrected him, still with his eyes closed. “What is the first thing you’re going to do once you set foot on earth again?”
“Oh, I’m not planning on telling them a thing”. Dean smiled bitterly. “Deny, deny, deny. Works like a charm.”
“So, we’re probably going to arrive at the bunker an hour or so before Claire”, Dean said. That meant he would have to deal with Ben without the help of the other young people that could keep him distracted for longer. “Good”.
Cas swallowed. He was moved but couldn’t do anything besides nod. He did not deserve Dean’s trust or his affection.
Benny didn’t know what to say. He wanted to tell Dean that it was the venom talking, that he should calm down, that they didn’t have time for any of that. There were probably a dozen monsters surrounding them at that moment, given the volume of Dean’s voice. But he didn’t. It would have been the smart thing to do, for sure, but Benny chose to remain calm and talk to Dean instead.
“And I told you” The angel replied, sounding as displeased now as he had the first time Benny made that comment “I have no possible relationship to your sibling’s offspring”
“Fine”, he told Dean, adopting a more serious tone. “Your secret, not mine. But if he stays here, he’s going to keep scratching. You
"Just stay still". Dean's hand moved so fast Cass didn't even see it before the silver knife was already at his throat. Instinctively he tried to pull away, but Dean was holding him tightly with his free arm, almost in a hug. "Trust me, Cass".
he’d said. He was trying to look uninterested, but Dean could see his eyes darting back and forth at the Impala, full of interest. ‘
“Well, I do”, Cas told him. “You went away, and you erased yourself from their memories because you were trying to keep them safe from the things in your life”. Cas stroke his fingers gently through Dean’s cheek. “And you also went away because you didn’t want to turn into your father”.
“Why am I not buying this?”, Claire interrupted. She was still standing close to Dean, looking skeptically from him to Castiel. Dean rolled his eyes at her.
“I’m not telling you to throw him out”, Sam cut him, holding Dean’s gaze to make sure he was listening. “But Ben staying here only ends one way, Dean. So you better use this driving lesson to either convince him to quit hunting or figure out what you’re going to do next. Because he is an eighteen-year-old hunter, and you won’t be able to hold him here for much longer”.
“Drive where?”, he asked, after a very long, very awkward moment of silence. Dean opened his mouth to answer that it didn’t really matter, but then he thought better about that. Looking at Ben in the driver's seat,  a memory crossed his mind. Ben at age eleven, sitting at exactly that same seat and playing with the wheel of the Impala, telling Dean about all the maneuvers he was going to do once he got his driver’s license. Apparently, one of his friends had just introduced him to the Fast and Furious franchise (in secret, obviously, since Lisa was weirdly strict about the PG-13 thing). Despite himself, Dean smiled at the boy.
“There’s no way to tell for sure, ma’am, but we’re not crossing out any possibilities just yet”. She’d raised her eyebrows, looking slightly impressed for a second.
“I don’t drink” Benny and Cas answered simultaneously, which led to a moment of awkward silence, eventually broken by Castiel:
wasn't enjoying the suspicion in her voice. “That’s funny”. She turned her eyes back to the front of the car, meeting Dean’s gaze in the mirror again. “I had never heard it before”.
“Dean”, he told her, after a long yawn. His eyes couldn’t stay open anymore. Ben let himself drift away into the darkness (why was that bed so comfortable?!?) The last thing he told Claire before shutting off completely was: “I took it from his bag because I knew he was going to leave. I didn’t want him to leave”.
“Did he… did Sam recognized…”, for some reason, he couldn’t bring himself to say Ben’s name out loud. As if it would make the whole thing suddenly real.
Ben wanted to say, but he bit his lip. That was a guess. A very wild guess based on nothing but one comment from Dean about losing his mother’s lighter. Claire examined his face as if trying to see if he was hiding something or not.
They sat in silence for a while, and it was weirdly comfortable. Cas enjoyed feeling Dean’s presence beside him, he always had. He liked the way the hunter’s breathing sounded when he was relaxed: strong, and even. He liked the way Dean's hands rested above his belly, tapping his finger to some silent tune that was playing in his head. He did the same thing against the wheel of the impala during long drives, but on those occasions, there was usually real music playing in the background. Cas liked the way his lips would curl slightly when his face was at ease, hinting at a soft smile that wasn’t actually there. Lips that he knew the feeling to now. The memory got him by surprise.
“How are you feeling, Dean?” Cas asked, taking Dean’s face between his hands and pulling him closer to examine his eyes. Dean felt the proximity with his whole body. The warmth of Cas’s hands, the intensity of his eyes, the inexplicable smell of honey that seemed to travel with him no matter how bloody and dirty he was. He nervously pushed Cas away.
One of the things Castiel first realized he hated in Purgatory was the absence of the night. He knew there were many things to hate around there, such as the dirt, the never-stopping violence, the constant running around… but the truth was: those things didn’t bother him all that much. No. What really troubled him was the apparent nonexistence of time. Or at least of time measurements.
The few other times John had looked at him like that when he was younger were times like the one he took Dean shooting for his twelfth birthday, and Dean excelled at it. Or when he came back from his first solo hunt, one arm hanging due to a dislocated shoulder, but still successful. At those moments, John would smile at him and tap him proudly on the shoulder, with that extremely atypical “good job, son”. Dean remembered the sense of accomplishment that would take over his body after hearing those words, and how awful he felt every time they didn’t come. Which was pretty much every single other time. John’s approval seemed to be as essential to his survival as air, and it probably was, at some point. But it wasn’t until much later that he realized John only complimented him when Dean succeeded in what John considered “useful” activities. Shotting? That was useful. He was glad his son was good at that. Driving? Extremely useful. Good to have a son with mobility to add to their crusade. Receiving his first (and only) A+ on an English paper? Nah. Baking a decent cake for Sam’s fourth birthday? John didn’t even seem to take notice. Those weren’t exactly praiseworthy accomplishments. Instinctively, Dean realized relatively early in life what constituted a useful skill and what didn’t. He worked as hard as he could on mastering the first kind. Even with all that, John’s compliments were still rare.
“I don’t like the idea of talking to him”, Dean agreed, and Sam couldn’t tell if it was because he was afraid of triggering a memory or if it was simply because talking to Ben was too damn painful. “But at least here he's safe. We let him leave, he might wake up in a ditch somewhere with his heart missing. And I’m not taking that risk”
Of course, he trusted Sam to guard his back as he would never trust another soul, not even Cas. When he had his brother with him, Dean didn't even glance over his shoulder during a fight, since he knew Sam was there guarding his rear. It wasn't something he allowed himself to do when fighting alongside other people.
"You were afraid of how I would react?" He sounded hurt as if that hadn't occurred to him until that moment.
“There was a family murdered in Kansas too, wasn’t it?”, Dean asked. Sam nodded and, after a bit of searching, handed him the article related to the Kansas case.
The angel proceeded to list a ridiculously specific catalog of ingredients. Half of them Ben had never heard of and the other half seemed so rare and unobtainable he lost hope of ever reading whatever was written in those pages. And of course, one look at Dean’s undisturbed expression was enough to tell them they had every single one of those items just hanging around in the bunker. Because of course they did.
“Call Cas”, Dean instructed Jack, already halfway through opening his door and circling the car to get to Ben’s. Claire had a protective hand on his shoulder, steadying him. When Dean opens his door, Ben can see the concern behind his controlled expression. “You think you can walk by yourself?”
“So you’re Castiel”, she said. Her accent was still the same in death as it had been in life: soft and sensual, each word uttered slowly as if she tasted each one while speaking. Her eyes were not nearly as pleasant.  They were hard, cold, and bloodthirsty, unable to transmit any emotion other than hate. “Heard a lot about you”
“On occasion”, Castiel replied, smiling softly at her. He always looked at her like that, Ben realized, with this fondness in his eyes. His eyes, that had the exact same shape as Claire’s. What an odd situation those two shared…
Benny followed Dean’s example and lay down on the ground next to Cas. He wasn’t as close to him as Dean but was also at arm’s reach. There was a feeling of trust there that allowed for proximity, and the angel couldn’t pinpoint exactly when they had gotten there, but he was glad that they had. Even though Benny’s relationship with Dean was still more annoying than he would care to admit.
“She was a natural leader. Didn’t matter when, she always had something under her command. I think she hasn’t been alone in here for decades”
"You don't have to tolerate things to make me happy, Dean". Cass was very serious now. Serious enough for Dean to realize he was not talking about the coffee. "And you don't have to make yourself uncomfortable out of some sense of guilt or indebtedness. I am happy to be human. You made the right call". Cass paused for a long time as if he was choosing his words carefully. "And I didn't surround myself to the Empty expecting anything from in return. I did it for me".
Benny took him down in a matter of seconds, but the rest of the pack didn’t wait until he was finished and advanced like animals in their direction. They struck two at a time, otherwise, they would end up getting in each other’s way. This allowed Dean to take them down, or at least push them away before the next one was on him. His goal was to keep them away from Benny while he finished his monster, and once he was done, they switched: Dean was focusing on killing his while Benny held off the others. This would have been harder four months ago, but most conflicts in purgatory were pretty similar, and Benny and Dean were starting to master the style. These monsters hadn’t had an actual prey in God knows how long, but the two of them? Intensive training 24/7. The trick, they learned, was synchrony and timing. If they moved together, leaving no blind spots or openings for the monster to attack, they could usually take on large groups quite easily. Usually.
After that, he got too busy to bother himself with what was going on with Dean but caught eventual glimpses of the fight between the hunter and the wraith with his side vision. For most of the time, it looked as though Dean had the advantage. He was more skilled than the wraith, although not as agile, and had managed to hurt it in a few places, including a deep wound on the left side of its body. It looked as though the fight was already won, so Benny wasn’t expecting to hear the sound of flesh tearing as Dean let out a hollow sound, the air escaping his lungs. He didn’t scream, which was probably worse. Simply bent forward where the monster’s spike had pierced his body then fell back when it pulled it out.
Jo asked. It was as if she was standing right behind him, so Dean didn’t turn back. He was afraid if he did, he would actually see her. And he couldn’t take that. She didn’t say anything else.
Unconsciously, Dean moved one hand to his shoulder, where there was a fading handprint on his skin. The mark Cas had left on him when he raised him from hell. God, how long was that? Four years now? The angel was so different back then, every inch of him a righteous soldier, extremely obnoxious and not very pleasant to be around. Nothing like the guy who had crashed the impala naked and covered in bees a few months back. Truth is, Dean secretly liked both versions of Cas: the warrior and the nutjob. But neither of them was his favorite. His favorite was the Castiel who had zapped him out of the green room after shoving Zacharia God knows where, the one who turned his back on heaven for him, who had thrown him against a wall and beaten the shit out of him when he thought about surrendering to Michael. The Castiel who had shown up at a very surprised prophet’s house and said: "We are making it up as we go”. Looking back on those memories, Dean decided
The problem was, between the running and the fighting there didn't seem to be any time for an actual conversation. And even if there was, Cas couldn’t picture a scenario where he and Dean would have some time alone, without Benny. And as much as he had grown to like the vampire – which he had – Benny should not be a part of that particular conversation. They had formed a triangular relationship, it was true, but there was a story unfolding between Dean and Cas there had begun before Purgatory, and it required some sort of closure between the two of them as well.
But no matter how much he repeated that to himself, he could feel Cas’s hand slipping away. The sound of the portal around him got louder and louder and the pressure around his body pulling him in got stronger. He could barely see anything that wasn’t the portal’s shining blue light. He couldn’t see Cas anymore and… suddenly he couldn’t feel Cas’s hand on his anymore.
“We’ll figure it out”, Cas stated. He spoke in a low voice, directed only at Dean. The hunter’s shoulders trembled in a bitter laugh.
“Oh yeah? You mean he didn’t stare at the kid as if he had just come back from the dead? Oh wait! That’s actually normal to us”.
After some time of a much-appreciated silence, Benny turned his head to them and raised his hat from his eyes “So…", The vampire started, in an unusual conversation tone "What’s your story?”
At first, Ben decided he liked Sam better. Not that it was much of a contest. Dean’s first reaction to seeing him was breaking a glass of whisky and turning away before Ben could finish saying his name. Sam had at least greeted him as any functional person would.
you. And I am sure each and every one of them would choose to have you in their lives, given the opportunity to make that choice again.”
Although she looked terrible in that picture, Kaia looked amazing, all smiles and laughter. Her girlfriend had put that picture as a screensaver as a joke, but Claire never changed it.
“Yeah, like there’s a chance in hell I’m gonna let you drive back to some crappy motel in the middle of nowhere right now”.
Sam watched as the door to Ben’s room shut behind Cas. He had seen when Claire came out of the room, marching heavily towards her own, with a clouded expression. He heard her slam the door so hard behind her he knew Dean would have to take a look at it after she left.
“It’s different…” Castiel wanted to change the subject. He had promised himself he wasn’t going to lay his burden on Dean, but at the same time, he knew he was unworthy of being anyone’s ‘home’. He had destroyed everything he ever associated with home, on Heaven, and Earth. The images of his dead brothers and sisters flashed through his mind, followed by Sam, in pieces after what Cas had done to him. So much pain… he pushed the memories away from his mind the best he could. “Your sins are nothing compared to mine.”
Still, it was too much, and Purgatory wasn’t the place to work through all that. Dean wasn’t even sure if he
“Don’t say he’s coming back!” Dean shouted, finally meeting Benny’s gaze. His hands were slightly shaky and his eyes were unfocused. “You don’t know that. You
“Jack, you know the rules, buddy”, he said, taking the tape from the young man’s hand and shoving it back into the glove compartment. “Driver picks the music…”
No! He couldn't think about any of that. He had to find Sam, he had to find Kevin. He had to let Cas go. He
"As long as the Empty says you have" Jack answered. "I can't tell you how time's going to feel for you in there. It could feel like days or it could feel like seconds". He paused for a very long moment as if he was considering if he should add something or leave it at that.
“I want Claire to be absolutely certain that the adults in her life love and care for her. Otherwise, she might develop insecurities and a tendency to repress emotion and/or self-destructive behavior”, he said, as if quoting from a psychology book (which he probably was).
he acting uncomfortable? When Dean had the angel sitting at his side, he let off a small sigh and petted Cas’s on the leg. “See? That wasn’t so hard”.
“Of course not”, he answered, weakly. “And I’m sure I’ll have to tell her, eventually, but not yet.” The boy turned his gaze to the floor, reclining against the Impala with his arms crossed protectively in front of his body. “Not yet. She would freak out. Or think I’m insane, lock me at some mental hospital, and
But Cas was weighing down on him as if he’s not even trying to get up. Dean feels the angel being pulled in the opposite direction, feels their hands grasping for each other against the strength of that pull.
“I would prefer to talk about your vessel’s child and my former-almost step-son under different circumstances, yes”, Dean glanced down and a malicious grin came up to his face. “Preferably one where you’re not hard against my crotch. You think that’s possible?”
Dean raised an eyebrow at them. “You got by on nothing but a few sandwiches from Sioux Falls to Lebanon? It’s a five-hour drive!”
"Dean..." Sam reached out his hand to touch his brother's shoulder, but Dean dismissed it with an aggressive gesture. Sam took a deep breath and pulled back his hand, but didn't back down. "It wasn't Jack's fault".
“So”, Dean said, trying to sound as natural as he could. “If you like cars, how come you’re driving around in a…”
“Quit staring at me like that”, Dean warned him, with his eyes still shut. Although he tried very hard to hide it, there was a smile in his voice. “
Besides, Dean wasn’t sure he trusted himself around Cas. Not after the wraith. The memory of the kiss was still fresh in his memory, and he hadn’t work through that yet. After the effect was gone, there had been other, more subtle episodes, like holding Cas’s hand, finding excuses to touch him in the arms or shoulders more frequently than it should be necessary (or normal), dozing off with his head resting on the angel’s shoulder, the slow movement of his breathing as soothing as the sound of the wind. He
my dad’s dead. I am so glad Cas is happy, I really, really am. I just never saw…” she started crying again. It sounded so childish to be bothered by something like that. Cas didn’t deserve it. She would have to pull herself together before they talked again. “I never
Sam exchanged a quiet look with the kid and agreed with his head. He would convince Dean to talk to Cass, and Jack knew it. The boy gave them one last smile before leaving.
“Claire, I’m not an idiot”, he said, letting his head fall back heavily against the seat of the Impala. “I know you think you know something. And I have no idea what that something is, but I know you and Ben were poking around the bunker and bombarding Sam with questions all day yesterday”. He raised his eyes to look at her properly. “I wish you could just drop it and we could go back to driving and not talking about shit, but I know you and I know that’s not going to happen”. Even with the bitter taste the prospect of that conversation was leaving in his mouth, a part of Dean also felt that Cas would be proud of him for facing it instead of avoiding it. Call it growth. “So shoot, kid”.
“Yes”. Cas replied, feeling a bit confused by Dean's reaction to his question. The hunter laughed again, bitterly, this time.
Before Dean could even finish that thought, the Impala was propelled forward. And just like he had done with Sam, all those years ago, and Jack and Claire, earlier that day, Dean held tightly to his seat while smiling proudly at the kid sitting by his side.
“You and I have very different understandings of ‘under control’”, Cas snapped at him. Benny simply shrugged.
"Then why are you here, Jack?" asked Sam. For the first time since he had laid eyes on Jack again, he was worried there might be something wrong. But Jack's answer came accompanied by a smile.
“Oh, yeah!”, Jack answered, turning his attention back to the tapes. “Like, every time someone else tries to pick the music. Well, except Cas. You actually let him pick sometimes.”
Dean opened his mouth to say that the last part was pretty much impossible. Ben had seen him holding a gun maybe three times in his life. No way that stuck with him. Also, he felt like pointing out that he had little to do with Ben’s music taste. The kid was a Zeppelin fan way before Dean came around. Of course, telling either of those things to Claire wouldn’t help him at all, so kept quiet about it. Instead, he forced himself to keep his voice cool and held the girl's gaze.
“Jack, buddy? You do know we only needed one copy, right? Not the complete works of Agatha Christie”.
"I believe my intentions were a bit different back then than yours right now" Cass paused for a second as if he was recalling his fight with Dean when he had pinned the human against a wall rather violently. "Well, maybe deep down they were not that different."
“That is something we can fix when we are out of here” Dean was definitely not feeling as optimistic as he was letting on, but the three of them, exhausted and covered in blood and dirt, made for such a depressing picture that he had to make an effort to cheer himself up. He used to do that for Sam when their father had been gone for longer than he should, or when Sam was injured or scared after a hunt. He did it for most of the year that preceded the hellhounds and his time in hell. If there was one thing Dean Winchester could do, it was to put on a smile when he didn’t feel like smiling at all. From the looks on his friend's faces, he was not being very convincing, but neither of them pointed that out. Instead, Benny mastered a very pleasant smile of his own and turned to Castiel:
Dean woke up to an empty bed. Which, yeah. Kind of sucked. The worst part was that it didn’t use to. He spent years waking up to an empty bed. Sure, there had been a couple of months with Cassie (the irony wasn’t lost to him), the year with Lisa, and a few one-night stands that managed to last until after breakfast. Other than that, Dean spent most of his adult life waking up by himself. And now just ten months of Cas had apparently ruined him for life. Great. Just great.
“Yes”, the angel answered, standing up. His eyes stayed locked on Dean, full of concern and apprehension. “We wait”.
They walked at a slower pace than usual. The forest around them seemed restless, noisy. Dean could feel it breathing on his neck. Eventually, Cas and Benny started walking closer to him. They didn’t say anything, nor did they have to. They simply positioned themselves one on each side of Dean, close enough so that he could feel their presence. He didn’t know how they could feel it, feel that he needed them there, but they did. And he was grateful.
. Dean had promised Jack, he would teach him how to drive as soon as they had a free morning. The last couple of days had been so full he completely forgot about that. He exhaled deeply.
Ben’s head snapped up and he was surprised to see Sam smiling at him. He thought they had forgotten he was still there. “Hunh?”
The vampire was the first one to let go of his blade and sit down, getting as far as closing his eyes for a bit. Dean followed, although he did not let go of the blade he was caring nor closed his eyes, simply sat and relaxed his muscles for a second. Cas didn’t sit down at all. He was in full “guardian-angel” mode – back straight, sober expression and eyes clear and focused – and didn't seem willing to do anything other than keep watch over them. Dean was aware angel didn’t need sleep (neither of them did in purgatory, actually), but seeing Cas all tensed up like that was making him uneasy for some reason.
Purgatory. Although he couldn’t fully understand the relationship Dean had with the place, he knew that it somehow felt easier, simpler than his life outside.  They needed to have that conversation, otherwise, he wouldn’t forgive himself once Dean was gone. And he would be, really, really soon. With Benny.
“He’s coming back”, Benny told him, in the most soothing voice he could find “you know your little boy angel. Doesn’t seemed to be able to stay away for long”
“Shit”, Kaia murmured. Her eyes were frozen on the scar on Ben’s arm and the poor girl looked about to throw up. “That’s why I’m majoring in sociology”.
Before he could hear anything else, Ben’s vision got cloudy again. He blinked, trying to bring the world back to focus, but when he opened his eyes, Dean was older, it was daytime, and Lisa had been replaced by Jack. He felt like throwing up.
“You drove me through the fire. Please tell me you know”. Benny ignored him and kept moving forward.
Thinking about the car seemed to take Dean to a happy place of sorts, and his physiognomy relaxed a bit.
“Yeah, because I knew that angels were a thing”, Ben told him. “I didn’t know they were a thing that was able to make other things”.
In many ways, Cas was still surprised by the way their relationship had developed over the past year. Humans were very complicated, Dean more than most. He hardly shared what he was feeling, and he tended to say things that meant other, deeper things he couldn’t (or wouldn’t) put into words. He also had a habit of denying what he wanted. Most humans did those things, on different levels, for different reasons, and Castiel eventually gave up trying to understand them as a species. Dean, on the other hand, he learned to read quite well. He knew when he was tense, and when he was sad. He knew when the sadness came from guilt (which was most of the time), or when it came from longing or hurt. He knew when Dean wanted to be held and when he wanted to be left alone. And he was learning to differentiate between the times he should be left alone and the times he should be disobeyed and comforted despite his protests. This was still a tricky territory, with a lot of trial and error, but Cas was getting better at it.
“Wow, that sounded like a dream”, Dean spit, suddenly yearning for a whisky more than anything else. “Ever realized I can’t run from them either?”
This conversation was far from over, and he knew it. Worse: he knew that, if Ben did trust them before (and that was a big
After an hour or so, Dean seemed a bit better, more like himself. Cas tried removing his hand briefly and Dean didn’t seem to bother. He noticed it, but his heartbeat didn’t raise. Cas took it as a sign that he was ready to move by himself, and Dean slowly took the lead, leaving Cas and Benny a few steps behind. He seemed as if he needed space to breathe, so neither Benny nor Cas tried to catch up to him. But they remained close and watchful.
would be the first thing she’d notice”, Castiel agreed, patiently. Dean was provoking, him, he was aware of it, but still, it seemed like as good a reason as any to move back to the bedroom. Lowering his hand from Dean’s hair to his chin, Cas turned his head slightly so that the hunter was facing him properly. Dean’s eyes glimmered at him, and the angel found himself hopelessly bending down to place a kiss on his lips. Because he could. Because Dean let him do that.
"Because you always put so much work into it". The answer made Castiel blush a little, which pleased Dean. "And is not that bad. It is drinkable"
based on personal questions, and that had come out of absolutely nowhere. He stared at Benny, but the vampire had lowered the cap over his eyes again
“How long do you think you can keep this up?”, Dean asked, his voice even lower than before. “A year? Two, maybe? Then what, kid?”
“Then you better not leave his side” she whispered. It sounded like a threat, even though her voice was low and she was clearly frightened by the angel before her. Castiel didn’t answer, but his eyes were so visceral. He was clearly restraining himself not to snap her neck where she stood. She disappeared into the woods before he could change his mind.
Dean averted his eyes from the mirror and focused on the road. This was going to be a very, very long day.
"Please, Jack" He pulled her closer to him as gently as he could so not to wake her up. Her body was so small next to his. "Just let them talk".
Cas replied with a tired laugh. “It was a quick answer to an easy question, Dean. I’ve known you for too long now to envision a different future for any of us”. The angel’s fingers were now threading slowly through Dean’s hair in a soothing movement. They stayed like that in comfortable silence for a long time until Dean finally spoke:
“What is the first thing you want to do when we get back?” Dean was changing subjects on purpose, preventing him from talking, and Cas knew it. But his voice sounded so carefree that it would be a shame to spoil it with an argument.
“Alright. Are you ready?” Dean pulled his knife and made a clean cut on his forearm. The sharp pain was very familiar, but that didn’t make it any less of a bitch. He turned to Benny “Just like we talked about”.
“I have no idea. If you haven’t realized, I’m kind of new to the hunter world too”, she admitted, sounding genuinely angry about her lack of experience. “And Jody and the other girls? Not exactly hunter royalty either. We’re all first-generation back at Sioux Falls”.
“I don’t understand the problem”, Jack frowned, as if he was thinking really hard about that. “You took the angel part really well”.
“It would take me a lifetime to learn enough to understand them all, Dean”, Cas sighed. He wasn’t annoyed, but he could pretend to be.
All things considered, Dean was feeling pretty pleased with himself.  Of course, until Claire put the car in park and turned to face him. The smile had vanished, replaced by a very decided frown that for some reason reminded him a bit of Cas when he was pissed.
Dean thought but held his tongue. He was surprised by how angry that whole conversation was making him. He’d promised himself (and Cas) that he wouldn’t get angry at Ben. But the kid was making that really hard right now.
“Then I’d be crazy to pass on the opportunity of a masterclass, right Dean?”. She winked at him with a smile. Dean returned it, thinking about all the ways he could strangle her without Cas finding out about it.
Dean bit his lip to stop himself from saying something. God, he remembered Jeremy. He was a scrawny little boy from Ben’s baseball team. He might have been in Ben’s class at school too, but Dean wasn’t sure about that. Jeremy’s house was close to Lisa’s, so Dean always ended up giving the kid a ride after baseball practice. He was terribly shy. Dean couldn’t remember ever getting more than three words from him at a time. It was always funny to see the two boys together since Ben was naturally outgoing and loud. But they always seemed to get along just fine, even though Ben seemed to do most of the talking.
"Hey, Cass" Dean said, in a very low voice. That was him. Cass knew no figure of his imagination could possibly sound so much like Dean. He felt panic getting a hold of his mind and body. What had happened? Was Dean dead? What was he doing in the empty? Had he been sucked in when Cass summoned it to kill Death? Castiel ran towards Dean, desperate to check if he was ok, if that was somehow his fault. He would never forgive himself if it was.
"I thought it would be ironic to take on this form while I was remodeling," The empty said, looking around as if it was admiring its work. "He created me, you know? That never bothered me. I'm not picky. Dark and silent would do just fine" Another smile, more pleased this time. "But Jack... Jack gave me a bit more freedom".
be, given the right incentive”, he said, turning back to his eggs. After yesterday’s events, he had gone with fried instead of scrambled. Better safe than sorry.
“Can you tell me what exactly I am going to do before I, you know, do it?”. Dean shrugged at him, with a smile.
“Why not?”, Jack asked, cocking his head in confusion. Dean gave him a dry smile and Ben could tell this wasn’t the happiest of subjects.
The first thing that came into focus when Ben woke up was Dean. Which couldn’t possibly be a good sign. The hunter was leaning against the wall (not looking very happy), facing Ben’s bed. Or at least it was the bed he had slept on since he arrived at the bunker. He had no idea how he got there.
fix it, and you need to let him do that, otherwise what happened today will keep happening." Dean continued, in a seriously low voice. "And what if the next time it happens while you’re in the middle of a highway? Or a hunt? You’re just gonna pass out and hope you don’t die?”
“Don’t bullshit me right now, Cas”, Dean told him harshly, lifting his head to face the angel. His expression was hard, but Cas could see the pain in his eyes. If he could, he would take every single ounce of it away.
Dean told himself. He caught up with Benny and turned to Cas, to see if the angel was still behind them. He was, of course. Lost somewhere deep in his thoughts. ‘
“On earth, yes” Cas answered. His whole posture had changed. There was no trace of the soldier, only concern now. “But technically speaking, this wraith is already dead, so the rules are not the same. Under normal circumstances I should be able to fix the damage but…”
“Hi”, he raised his hand in an uncertain greeting. “It’s an honor to meet you, mister Winchester. I’m B…”
The fire turned blue and then green. Castiel let it burned for a few seconds before muttering a few unintelligible words and extinguished it with a wave of his hand. So, he couldn’t light a fire, but he could extinguish it. That was interesting. Dean wrapped his fingers on a piece of cloth he took from one of his pockets and retrieved the lighter from the bow, cleaning the ashes from it before placing it on the table. Claire picked it up again.
It hadn’t been an easy ride to get to where they were now. Far from it. The first time he and Cas slept together, Dean had freaked out so bad the morning after that he practically shoved Cas out of his bed and locked himself in the bathroom for almost half an hour before having the guts to face anyone outside of his room. The second time didn’t go
Claire's eyes dropped to her feet. Getting a loved one back will do wonders for your humor. She knew that. Jack placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Stay still” he could sense some urgency underneath Cas’s impassive tone. Then he heard the high-pitched sound again and felt the warmth flowing from the angel’s hand onto his body. With his free hand, Cas cradled Dean’s head, lifting it off the ground. Dean felt as his skin started to mend again and opened his eyes.  He was still slightly light-headed but was able to focus his eyes on Cas’s face, right above him, filled with anxiety. One of the angel’s hands was on his torso, resting on the place where the wound had been. The other hand still cuddled the hunter’s head, keeping it off the ground. Smiling, Dean let his head rest against Cas’s arm. He felt exhausted.
“No, man. I mean it” Dean cut him off. Voice harsh, eyes soft. “I’m glad to have Benny. I trust him, as strange as that sounds, and I wouldn’t be alive without him. But you?” Dean took a breath as if considering if he should say what was on his mind or not. “You feel like home, Cas”.
“A little bit, yeah”. Dean’s smile widened. Somehow, even during the worst possible situations, Cas could still make him smile. He threw his arm around the angel's shoulder. “Come on, man. We’ll think of a celebration for you as well. Benny’s will probably be robbing a blood bank.”
“Well, someone better”, Dean retorted, interrupting his whistling, and pointing the spatula at her. Yes, he was indeed in a good mood. Getting properly laid and waking up next to your angel boyfriend will do that to you sometimes. “Since you two have apparently rebelled against social interaction since yesterday”.
The first time Claire felt what it was like to have a sibling, or something similar to it, at least, was with Alex. They didn’t always get along, but she knew Alex was there if she needed her to be. It was a good feeling.
The angel was leaning against one of the bookshelves, with his arms crossed over his body. He was worried too. Especially because he knew there weren’t many options on how to solve the problem, and Dean wouldn’t like any of them. Dean glared at him and kept pacing. Castiel was starting to worry about him making a hole on the floor.
Claire opened the door and climbed out of the car, but not before muttering: “That’s exactly what I’m afraid of”, just loud enough for him to hear it. Then she slammed the door so hard he cringed at the possible damage done to the car. Ben opened it only a few seconds later, uncertainly seating himself beside Dean. He looked up at the hunter awkwardly, clearly caught off guard by the turn of events. Dean could see that being left alone with him was not a part of Ben’s plans either.
When he opened his eyes again, Cas was back to normal. He was even closer than before and now held Dean with both hands, keeping him steady in his place. Benny was behind the angel, looking anxiously at the hunter.
Ben let out a long sigh. Asa had been what Claire referred to as “first-generation” too. Ben counted himself first-and-a-half. He hadn’t been raised as a hunter, like Sam and Dean, but he did have a mentor with textbooks, journals, and experience that trained and taught him before sending him to the field, so he wasn’t like Jody (or Claire, for that matter) either, who was dragged into this later in life and was learning while doing it. On the other hand, the Campbells, from what he could tell, was closer to a hunter dynasty.
Sam didn't need to convince Dean into doing anything. Dean was prepared to go to the empty as soon as Jack said the word. What he was not prepared to do was to simply talk to Castiel. "Say a proper goodbye"? No fucking way. He was coming back with the angel, or he was not coming back at all. But he did use one of the two days Jack gave them to prepare himself. Busting someone from the Empty, he imagined, was not a very simple task. And he couldn't ask Sam or Jack for help. He figured they would help if he asked, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. It was like that part of the battle was his, his and Castiel's.
Even with all that knowledge, the first time Dean kissed him had come as an absolute surprise but, to be fair, everything that day had been a surprise. He had just come back from the Empty, met Jack (who turned out to be a grown man and not an infant, as he had been preparing for), learned that Mary had been lost in apocalypse since the day of his death and, on top of all that, had been forced to wear a cowboy hat for unfathomable reasons. The hat made Dean happy, so it wasn’t really a problem, although it still confused him a bit. That night, after they closed the case, he was pretty sure nothing could possibly surprise him anymore. Until Dean kissed him. Then he simply gave up on trying to understand humanity (or his own life, for that matter).
Ben finally managed to recompose himself a little and tried to smile, but the poor kid looked so damn nervous the smile almost made it worse.
"Cass, I didn't bring you back to pay off a debt. I did it because you've been one of the most important people in my life for the past decade, and I don't know how to live without you anymore" He sounded angrier than he intended to. "And I don't drink your coffee because I'm guilty of turning you human. I do feel guilty about doing it without asking for your permission, but I would do it again and again and again if it meant having you back. Even if you would hate me afterward. And I didn't kiss you because I thought I owed you something, I kissed you because I love you!" He was practically yelling at the end, and Cass looked so shocked he considered if he had gone a little overboard. But it was too late to go back now, and he felt better for saying it out loud. So much better. "I meant what I said in the Empty, Cass", he added, lowering his voice. "Every word of it. I'm just sorry it took me three apocalypses to finally say it."
“The bottom drawer in an old cabinet”, he gave a sad, dry laugh. It didn’t make any sense. “At my mother’s house”.
“Good”, Dean said, stepping away from Ben and walking past Jack into the bunker. “We could all use the distraction”.
“Maybe I should ask Cas…”, she finally said. Ben scoffed, astounded by that suggestion. Claire seemed surprised by the harsh reaction.
“You said nothing wrong”, the angel said suddenly, surprising Benny. This was probably the first time Cas had talked to him without Dean present. He was still looking at the hunter, who was distancing himself from them quickly. They were both faster than him so catching up wouldn’t be a problem. “For Dean, Sam is always a delicate subject, even when everything is alright”.
Now, only fifteen minutes later, they had the files on their hands. Dean sighed. Why couldn’t everything in their lives be this easy?
“Whatever you’re seeing, it’s not real!” Cas told him. Dean closed his eyes and pressed them with his hands. He
“Dean, calm down, ok? I’m not stupid”, Sam retorted, angrily, but Dean was having a hard time agreeing with that statement at the moment. “They didn’t even go in. I ran into them in the hallway outside your room when I woke up. When they saw me, they froze. Like they had just been caught eating dessert before dinner or something”, Sam smiled to himself, expression softening a bit. “It was kind of adorable, actually. They just stiffened, staring at me like: ‘
Castiel tried to keep track of time, but it was useless. The feeling of time passing was similar to when he was in Heaven: an eternal now. No night or day or hours. But in Heaven, he was always surrounded by other angels and that gave everything a feeling of motion. Here, alone, everything was motionless. It was probably worse than Hell. In Hell, you would at least have daemons around you and torture going on. He grinned. That was something Dean would say. Until this moment, Cass wasn't quite sure he had mastered the use of sarcasm. It could still confuse him now and then. But he had understood it enough to make jokes about his own afterlife. He considered this growth.
“Deal”. Just by looking at the bags under Sam’s eyes, Dean could tell those two hours would turn into at least four. He watched his brother stumble down the hallway towards his room with a smug grin. His baby brother might be a 6’4 giant and a literal Hell veteran, but it was good to know he could still boss him around every now when he wanted to.
“Dean!” Claire yelled, startled by the loud sound the heavy metal made when it collided first with the oven and then with the kitchen floor. Ben, Kaia, and Jack had risen immediately at the sound, but Cas was faster than any of them. He caught Dean’s arm in his hand and ran to fingers over the burned skin where the hot metal had touched him on its way to the floor. It was healed before Dean even registered the pain.
she thought. She hadn’t seen the younger Winchester since they got back to the bunker, and presumed he was at the library dealing with the vampire case. But when she surprised Dean and Cas there (yep. Not ready to think about that just yet), she was pretty sure she hadn’t seen Sam there.
“A man can try”. Dean was grinning at him again, and Cas felt a sudden urge to bend down and kiss him. It would be so easy… his body begun moving in Dean’s direction, but then he forced himself to stop.
do that again, you hear me?”, the hunter warned him, half furious and half relieved. Cas opened his mouth to answer, but before he could, Dean pulled the angel’s head towards his own and kissed him. It was not a soft or delicate thing. It was fierce, desperate, unplanned, and involuntary. Dean held him tightly between his hands as if he wanted to make sure Cas was there, that he was real, and that he wouldn’t go away. Castiel didn’t react, just stood there, eyes wider than humanly possible, completely shocked. When Dean finally pulled away, Cas’s stunned face was mirrored on his own, as if he had just woken up from a really weird dream and the memories were slowly catching up to him. Suddenly it was like there wasn’t a single drop of venom in his system. It looked like he was searching for the smartest escape route or for something that could turn him into a rock. Whichever made him disappear faster.
“I’ll tell him” he managed to say, frenetical and distant. “When he comes back, I’ll tell him I forgive him. He will come back, right?”
“We share a lot of heavy stuff, Cas”, Dean smiled at the angel and held his gaze for a moment. “You don’t need to concern yourself with this particular one”.
“I’m as responsible as you for what happened to him”, Cas said, seriously. “We share that burden, Dean”.
“Ahn…” Ben cleared his throat before moving his hands towards the wheel, without actually holding it. He seemed to be waiting for Dean’s permission to touch his car. Which, fair enough. “Should I…?
Dean had asked him, coming out from beneath the Impala to meet the young boy’s eyes. Ben had shrugged, nodding at the small tray he was carrying. ‘
Benny opened his mouth to tell him there was no time but he was thrown violently on the ground by something. He could barely get a grip of his blade when he felt as if a chunk of his arm was being chopped off. And it turned out it was, by a young werewolf who had his teeth out, holding onto a large piece of flesh that he assumed was skin and muscle ripped from his left arm. Benny showed him his own fangs but was quickly held down by two other attackers, who held him down by the shoulders. He tried desperately to break free, but their grip was too tight and the werewolf ho had bitten him was still on top of him as well.
I am terribly sorry for the delay in posting this chapter. I had a rough week at work, and couldn't finish editing it in time for my weekly posting. I'll try to keep to a more strict writing/editing schedule, but life is unpredictable sometimes.
Without letting go of Dean’s hand, Cas came a little closer and, in an unexpected motion, bent down and pressed a kiss to Dean’s hair. It was so tender that Dean felt himself leaning into it before he could even realize what he was doing. He let his head fall heavily against Cas’s torso, resting it on the soft fabric of the white shirt. Cas’s shirts always had a “freshly washed” smell. Dean sometimes wondered if he had ever washed any of them or if that was just what happened to any piece of clothing that came in contact with his angel. He allowed his body to relax a little, embraced by the warmth of Cas’s body and the softness of the fabric against his forehead.
to sit, so when he did it was because he wanted to. He patted Cas’s thigh gently.  “Quit smothering the poor kid, won’t you?”.
Dean kissed him again over the sassy smile that was beginning to form on Castiel's lips. Cass kissed him back. What Dean was more surprised about was how easy this was, how natural it felt. For the past week, he had imagined how weird it would be to change his relationship with Castiel. He thought it would require a lot of getting used to and a lot of awkward moments and forced intimacies. But couldn't have been more wrong. Once they turned the key, the rest came easily as if they had done it many, many times before.
"You know what I mean" Sam replied, letting go of the sandwich he was in the middle of ensembling. "Did you guys..."
“Like you haven’t done that a million times”, Claire pointed out, which, yeah. She had a point. But Ben wasn’t Dean.
“Yeah, tell me about it”. Sam reached for the bottle of bourbon Dean had left open at the center of the table and filled his glass. “There’s already two too many ‘sort-of-someone’s-kid’ in the bunker right now”.
“You do pet me constantly since you found me here” Cas muttered, absentmindedly, and Dean had to resist the urge to turned around to kick him. “You didn’t use to do it as much, but here you…”
"I told you never to do that again, you jackass". Dean took Cass's face between his hands and looked him in the eye when saying this. Cass had to laugh. He could feel tears in his own eyes. A few years ago, crying would have been something completely unimaginable to him. Now it seemed so normal. So easy.
“…And” Castiel carried on as if he hadn’t been interrupted. “To my understanding, Agent 87 was a very effective spy. Although mostly on accident”.
“I mean, I got the basics” Benny gesticulated vagally towards Dean and Cas. “Angel, hunter, Leviathan, blah blah blah. But how does a hunter become friends with an angel in the first place? I’m not religious or anything, but as far as I can tell, they are some powerful bastards. No offense, Castiel".
“I’m not”, he answered, seriously. “You keep your guard up because you believe yourself to be poison, but every single person that knows you is happier for having you in their lives.”
“Since when do you consider the mutts ‘your kind’, Julietta?” He tried his best to sound calm and sarcastic while searching desperately for Cas and Dean. Where were they? “No offense, brother”, he added to the werewolf on top of him, who had finally spitted the piece of his flesh that he had held his mouth until then.
It turns out, grief is a much different process when there is regret, doubt, or unfinished business alongside it. It's different from the first time he lost his mother. That was one of the most painful experiences he ever faced, but it was not complicated. Just sad. Sad and extremely unfair to a four-year-old. Then losing his dad was a bit more complicated. There were doubts and unfinished business this time. There was also resentment, which does not sit well with the feeling of loss. And losing Sam... that was never even an option, so there usually wasn't a lot of time for grieving since he was usually busy bringing Sam back. The one time he actually felt the loss was after Sam and Lucifer fell into the cage, back in 2009, and he moved in with Lisa and Ben. That was devastating in a way words couldn't begin to express. But it wasn't complicated. It was hell on earth and pain he would carry for the rest of his life if Sam hadn't come back. But again, not a complicated feeling. He thought the grieving process with Cass would feel somehow like that, but it didn't. It didn't because every time he would try to enjoy a good memory, that memory would be spoiled by a feeling of confusion and questioning. "Did he already knew he loved me when this happened?", or "How things would have turned out if I had said what I actually wanted to say at that moment" or even an occasional "did he always look this good?", when going through old pictures. And he did go through a lot of old pictures. And the more he tried to move on, the more the feelings of sadness got mixed up with other unresolved feelings that simply wouldn't let go of him.
“Nope”. Dean raised a hand to cut him off without even opening his eyes. “Whatever you’re going to say, Cas, just don’t, alright?” His voice was harsh, but he wasn’t angry. At least he wasn’t angry
“Dean and Cas are there, but the door was closed when I passed by it”, he said. He didn’t sound worried, which was probably a good sign. “Why aren’t you there with him?”
“You…”, The boy looked from Castiel to Dean, then back from Dean to Castiel, trying to make sense of what they had told him. “You kept track of me?”
“Sure. Why not?” He picked up a frying pan, some milk, and a spatula and positioned himself by the oven. His usual choice of spices was already at arm’s reach. “Ben? You want some?”. The sense of Déjà vu that took over him at the moment was enough to make him cringe.
He paused for a second and looked at the brothers. Neither could say a thing. Sam looked at Dean but was unable to figure out what his brother was thinking. At first glance, Dean seemed shocked, but Sam knew that wasn't it. His expression was similar to the one he would have when they faced what seemed like an impossible situation and Dean's mind would start browsing through three hundred different scenarios, looking for a way out. He was thinking really hard about something.
“Yeah, and I don’t buy that”, she cut him off, biting her bottom lip. “You’re always on edge when he’s around, you’re clearly uncomfortable with the idea of him being a hunter, and…”
Sam’s head snapped up. He had a stunned look on his face as if Ben had just dropped a bucket of cold water on his head. He tried to suppress it almost immediately but didn’t really succeed at it. “What did you say?”
“Yeah, I bet you will…” Dean said as they marched forward. Truth is, they weren’t going to celebrate anything. He had talked about that with Benny on day one: once they were out, they would go their separate ways. He would go back to Sam and Benny would go back to God knows what. That was the deal. Besides, Purgatory was letting them go unchanged. He could sense it. You don’t go through what they were going through and emerge on the other side the same person you were before. In a dark corner of his mind, Dean knew there wasn’t going to be any kind of celebration. But he buried that thought deep and out of sight. Things were bad enough as they were without him worrying about the future.
Benny nodded. Dean sure had his load of trauma, which meant there was no way of predicting what tricks his mind would play on him. Castiel was probably right by putting him to sleep.
as an educational model, and even though he knew Ben didn’t remember any of that, he was kind of glad the kid retained any of it.
“You can do this while sitting down, Cas”. Without thinking too much about it, Dean grabbed Cas by the sleeve and pulled him down. He was obviously not strong enough to
She had tried calling right after leaving the library. Then again, after she got to Ben’s room. A third time after Dean politely asked her to
“You only live once, right?”. Cas was the only one who smiled at his joke. Probably because he was the only one in the kitchen who had died as much as Dean and knew for a fact that moto was bullshit.
"Well, you shouldn't have traded your fucking life for anything, to begin with, ok? You did it because you love Jack. And then you surrendered yourself to the Empty for the very same reason. Because you love me". He paused for a second after he said that and Cass imagined if it was the first time Dean had said anything about it out loud. "We do stupid things for the people we love. And then we spend the following years trying to fix the mess we've made. But you know what? The mess is always worth it. And if we have to spend the next ten years figuring out a way to put the Empty back to sleep? So be it. You are going to be by my side while we do it".
“Well, first of all, because there wasn’t much blood left to analyze”, she told him, defensively. “And second, because it would probably be wearing off by the time they passed. Whoever did it didn’t need those people blacked out for the whole night because eventually…”
to work through it, or simply ignore it, blame it on the venom, and never address it again. At first, he thought he could do that suppress it as he did with everything else, but for some reason, it wasn’t so simple anymore. It was as if a door he had fought a lot to keep hidden deep inside himself was finally open, tempting him to go through it. He wasn’t sure he would able to close it again.
“I haven’t been alive for very long”, he said. “But I know repressing your feelings because you are ashamed of them doesn't seem like a very good idea, and it doesn’t make them go away.”
"You mean we can't bring him back?" Dean finally said, without raising his eyes to any of them and keeping a low, deep voice. "We can talk to him, but that's it? We say goodbye and then let him rot in the Empty for the rest of eternity?" He faced Jack and Sam was surprised to notice the blink of a tear on his face. Dean's eyes were wet and red, but only a single tear rolled down his face. "How can you be ok with that, Jack?"
“Hold on!” He tells Cas again, putting every bit of strength he has left into holding the angel’s hand. Maybe he can’t pull him up, but he can hold on. Dean would never,
Castiel opened his mouth, trying to think of something clever to say. Flirtatious talk was still a challenge, but Dean seemed to appreciate his failed attempts almost as much as his successful ones. Eventually, he gave up, with a long, defeated sigh.
“Do I know him?” Jack inquired. He had finally managed to open the lucky charms box and fish the toy from the bottom. He was currently dumping an insane amount of cereal into a bowl (thank God Sam wasn’t there to witness the amount of sugar Jack was about to consume).
“I’m sure he will”, she agreed. “But what I’m worried about is what exactly is he fixing. Dean and Cas seemed to know what was wrong. I think they were hiding something”.
"I think we burned the pancake", he said, sounding miserable. He looked like someone who had just been thrown against a wall and kissed as if there was no tomorrow. That's why his sad face over burned pancakes was even more adorable. Dean kissed him again, softly this time, and then let his head rest against Cass's. He couldn't remember the last time he had been this happy. Cass had said he was changed by Dean, but Dean couldn't begin to express how much Cass had changed him as well.
She raised her eyes and held his gaze. Her eyes were deep blue, just like Castiel’s, but while his were somehow unnatural, almost alien, in a sense, hers were deeply human. Both were equally piercing, though.
liked the sex, more than he had ever assumed he would, but these were his favorite moments: when Dean would allow himself to soften under his touch, completely relaxed. The hunter had always been more open to this sort of affection after sex. Or maybe he was just more vulnerable at those moments and didn’t find the strength to deny it then. After their first night together, Dean fell asleep with his head on Castiel’s chest, while the angel drew slow circles on his naked back. The flawless back he assembled, molecule by molecule, after raising Dean from Hell. Perfection, contrary to popular belief, not only existed but also had a face and a name.
Castiel felt when the knife sliced his skin: a very small cut on his neck, under his chin. He had felt it before and knew exactly what was going on. He felt the moment his grace started to flow from his body. It wasn't flowing anywhere specific, just disappearing into the Empty, as if the darkness itself was draining it. And then it was over. He felt his body weaken and he would have felt to his knees if it wasn't for Dean, who hold him as soon as his legs gave in.
He looked up and saw Cas getting beat up by both of the monsters at once. He was fighting back, but they managed to get him on the ground. Dean ran up the hill as fast he could. He saw when Cas pushed the woman away, but the man was still right onto him. Dean reached them just as the Leviathan was opening his dreadful mouth to attack Cas. Instinct took over him and before he knew it, the leviathan’s head was on the ground, a few feet away from his body. The woman took that opening and attacked them, but Cas was able to hold her down enough so that Dean could decapitate her just as he had done to her partner. The whole confrontation was over in a matter of seconds, but he felt every muscle in his body aching, asking for rest. Cas was kneeling on the ground beside one of the headless bodies. As much as Dean wanted to do the same, he knew there was no time.
“You know how...”, he started, trying to keep any harshness out of his voice. He always sounded harsh when he was nervous, but he knew that would only make Claire defensive, which was not what he wanted right now. “I crashed…”
snap, it was only a matter of when. And Sam knew he and Cas would have to be ready to catch him when he did.
“Cas, come on dude. Sit down for a second, will you?” Cas lowered his eyes to him for a second but ignored the request completely. Dean took a deep, patient breath. “You will hear them if they come any closer and then we can carry on with our daily massacre, but I will go crazy if I don’t sit down and rest for like five minutes, you hear me?”
Benny raised his eyebrows to Castiel and shrugged. Cas returned the gesture. Neither of them had seen the movie but they had given up in pointing that out to Dean months ago.
“Aren’t you a bit young for an FBI agent?”, the coroner asked, studding Jack with a skeptical look. Dean swallowed the ‘I told you’ he was about to throw at Cas and instead forced his lips to curl into the most innocent smile he could possibly manage.
Holy shit, that hadn’t even crossed Dean’s mind. Checking for shifters and daemons was second nature to him. It was an automatic response. And yet he hadn’t even thought about the possibility that the person he just met might not be Ben at all. He let his face sink into his free hand once again. What was happening to him? This was affecting him way more than it should.
“Ok.” He said before fear could make him regret this stupid decision and convince him to do what he should have done the moment he woke up, which was run away through the door. “I’m ready”, he lied.
The hunter had decided to start their tour at the library, where they found Sam working diligently on something. “So, get this…”, he had said, without looking up from his laptop, as soon as he heard someone entering. Sam was already halfway through his exposition about his nest theory when he finally realized Dean hadn’t come in alone. He cleared his throat, looking guiltily at his brother, and tried to change the subject but it was too late. Ben was hooked. So Dean quickly decided that it might be a good idea for him to stay with Sam and help out. He even offered to bring Ben’s car to the garage, which
Thank you again for the comments and for keeping up with this fic. I love to know what you guys think.
He dutifully opened his mouth to Dean, allowing him to deepen the kiss. It was slow, at first, like Dean was savoring him, but his pace quickened right after. Not desperate, like it was during their first weeks together. Back then, Dean kissed him hastily, frenetically, as if he wanted to swallow the angel whole. Now, he still kissed him with the same hunger, but there was no rush. They could enjoy it. And they did.
Claire hadn’t come back yet, but she’d texted Cas a few minutes before they arrived at the bunker telling him Kaia’s train had just left the station and that she would be on her way shortly. Dean could see the nervousness in the angel’s eyes and reached over the gearbox of the Impala to take hold of his hand. He held it there silently for a few minutes, letting go just when they were already inside the bunker’s garage. Dean was really looking forward to getting that particular anxiety trigger out of their way. One less potential disaster to worry about.
“But you weren’t!” Dean yelled, and Cas forced himself not to take a step back despite the violence of his reaction. “You were dead, Cas,
Cas was left speechless for a moment, and eventually, Dean looked away. Cas thought he was embarrassed by what he had just said – Dean was usually uncomfortable after any show of vulnerability – but he wasn’t. He was peaceful as if he had taken something off his chest.
Jack was beaming with excitement as he sat shotgun, leaving Claire and Ben to take their place on the back seat. Since he would be the one actually learning to drive, it seemed a fitting arrangement, although Claire immediately pointed out that they would be rotating seats as soon as they got to wherever they were going.
Sam smiled apologetically at Cas. “Sorry”, he said, more to the angel than to Dean, although he was facing his brother again when he spoke. “That was ages ago. Dean evolved, Claire”.
“Oh, I have plenty of ideas about what I’d like to do with my free time”, Dean offered, mischievously, while lowering his hands to Cas’s hips in a suggestive motion. The angel blinked at him with an adorably confused expression in his eyes.
“Can’t you make it disappear?” Dean asked, trying not to sound as desperate as he actually felt. He knew where that feeling was coming from: wraith’s venom will heighten your emotions. Nervousness becomes hysteria, anxiety becomes despair, fear becomes terror. He had to pace himself.
“Yeah, I imagine”, Claire scoffed. She didn’t mean to sound as bitter about it as she did. Luckily, Jack didn’t seem to notice it.
“So,” Dean said, after a few minutes of silence. “Cas and I were talking about what are we going to do first once we’re out of here”
Dean walked slowly towards them and for a second Sam was afraid he would smash Jack in the face or something like that. He had been pretty unpredictable over the past months and his expression was undecipherable. Instead, Dean simply stopped in front of him, analyzing the boy for a second, and then he pulled him into a strong hug, which apparently took both Sam and Jack by surprise.
“So, how were you shocking our guest this morning, Claire?” Dean let his arm brush against Cas’s. The angel responded by moving a little closer to him as well. It was the closest thing to a good morning kiss he would get until they were alone, so Dean accepted it.
Dean put one hand on her shoulder and brought her close, to a side hug that turned into a real hug. He could feel Claire shaking against him as the crying became uncontrollable. He could relate to what she was going through, on some level. Missing someone you are unable to completely forgive, knowing that you will never be able to tell them you forgive them, even though you eventually do, and worst of all, feeling guilty for not being angry at someone who you loved, and that died before you could sort everything out.
The more he watched, the more Benny became fascinated by their little dynamic, and the more curious about the whole story. But Benny Lafitte was no idiot. Dean was the furthest thing he had ever met from a “sharer”, and Benny couldn't complain about it. He hadn’t disclosed any information about himself to neither of his Purgatory buddies in nearly four months. Castiel was not as repressed, but talking about the past seemed like a clear definition of upsetting Dean, so he never brought it up. Benny avoided pushing any of them with questions of any kind, just settled with his curiosity and this awkward killing machine dressed in a hospital gown and a dirty trench coat who, apparently, would tag along until they found their way out.
It took a few minutes for Dean to get to the library, with his shirt still covered in grease. He was cleaning his hands with a cloth and, to Sam's distress, did not look as if he was in a hurry.
“I’m not judging, kid. We get by on what we have. But a Mitsubishi Mirage? Not really a hunter’s car”. The remark was good-humored, not meant to offend, but Ben knew he would have blushed like a child if he hadn’t been so deeply entranced by his reading. Dean noticed that and approached him, throwing a suspicious gaze to the papers scattered through the table. “What are you working on?”.
Sometimes there was no fighting their way out of an attack, and they eventually had to learn how to run away. Dean hated that. He never liked to run away from a fight, but Cas was getting worried about how much he was enjoying 24/7 combat. He didn’t seem tired or angry, just… undisturbed. For some reason Cas couldn’t possibly begin to understand, Purgatory seemed to bring Dean a sense of balance. He seemed lighter and more at ease there, covered in blood and dirt, than he had ever been while dressed in one of his FBI suits.
“Ok, that’s enough!” Dean snapped, pushing Cas away from him – for God knows what reason the angel was still holding his arm after helping him up – and marching towards Benny “You two are like children!” Then he turned around and faced them both: “Actually, you are worse than children. Sam wasn’t this much of a pain in my ass when he was five!”
Claire shrugged at him. “We might have made a few stops along the way”, she said, innocently. Dean made a face.
of things out loud. It was part of what made Dean “Dean”. But still, he was human, and he was alive in a place designed for dead souls. It would leave a scar, and Cas was painfully aware Dean already had his fair share of scares.
Dean closed his eyes and tightened his fists, digging his nails through the palm of his hand and focusing on the feeling. That was real. The voice wasn’t.
“It wouldn’t have bothered him too much”, Cas assured him. “Even as a hunter. The memories were too insignificant. They would give him a very light migraine and quickly fade away. Ben would be able to go through life, even a hunter’s life, without it ever being a problem”.
Yeah, Purgatory was bloody. And Messy. Thirty-one flavors of bottom-dwelling nasties. Hell, most days had felt like 360-degree combat.
“As I told you they would”, Dean told him, taking a big bite of his candy bar. “They are young, they are in love, and they live in a house with a bunch of other women where everyone has to share a room. They are going to enjoy each other for as long as they can”.
But on my version, Jack and Kaia never managed to open any portals. So Kaia was taken in by Jody and the girls while Jack went back to the bunker with the boys. No one has any new information on Mary.
I'm so sorry for the long wait. I've been ridiculously busy and couldn't find the time I needed to finish this chapter. We're getting close to the end, so thank you for sticking around with me all this time.
Benny immediately turned to Dean and held his gaze. He seemed ok at first, but the vampire could sense his anxiety growing. It was as if he was trying to hold back a panic attack. His face remained unchanged, which meant Dean still had a good amount of self-control.
Dean glanced at him. They hadn’t talked about how Castiel felt about his faith in years, and the hunter was pretty damn sure being God and then going crazy for a while must have had some kind impact on the guy’s world views. The hunter felt his chest tightening. He knew the feeling of having your whole set of believes crumbling down right in front of you all too well. He knew how it felt to be betrayed by the ones who were supposed to love you, how it felt to lose faith. And it sucked.
“I’m sorry I left you alone for so long”, the angel muttered, tightening his grip on Dean, as if holding him closer would prove that he was ok.
“We gotta move!” He screamed, trying to make himself heard over the loud row that was coming from the top of the hill. He pulled Cas from the ground and held his shoulders until he was sure the angel could stand on his own. “The portal’s closing!”
Ben glanced at Dean, looking for an explanation, but the hunter hadn’t moved a muscle. He kept his eyes on Ben, arms crossed over his chest and mouth pressed in a thin line. The boy turned back to Castiel, ready to ask what the hell was he talking about, but something in the way the two men regarded him changed his mind. He felt a sudden chill coming up his spine.
When he handed Ben his plate, the boy thanked him quietly without meeting Dean’s eyes. He had been awfully quiet that morning, even more than the day before. He was still wearing one of Sam’s smaller shirts (which still looked big on him, but nothing very rolled-up sleeves didn’t solve) over a black t-shirt, which Dean presumed was the one he had arrived in but washed up. Ben seemed slightly gloomy, for some reason, and Dean had a feeling he hadn’t slept well. He would give anything to know what he and Claire had been up to the day before. They clearly had done more than target practice (which Dean knew for sure since he might have stopped by the shooting range to check up on them for a second, but no one needed to know that).
“I wasn’t joking. I miss almost everything about home. I miss the car, and I miss music, and movies, and beer, and food and God! I miss Sam. And I’m crazy worried about him”. There was so much pain in Dean’s voice, but he kept it down, buried deep inside his chest. And somehow, he found the ability to crack a tired smile. “But you are home too, man. The one piece of home that I do have here.”
“I don’t need rest”, Cas mumbled, aware that it made him sound like a child. It wasn’t exactly true. What he didn’t need was
"Hey kid", Dean said, after pushing Jack away for a bit so he could look him in the eyes "it was about fucking time you decided to show up"
“I wish I could let you sleep until you’re free from it, but we have to keep moving,” Cas said. His hand was on Dean’s shoulder again, holding him tight. Benny was also close by as if making sure he wouldn’t fall back. For some reason, that helped. He felt anchored, protected.
that?”, She suddenly felt so ridiculously angry she could barely control it. Jack didn’t seem bothered by it though. He simply shook his head.
“That’s a nice way to put it”, Kaia remarked, reaching for her own mug, and taking a long sip before finally realizing that someone else had come in. “Oh, hey Dean”.
Ben turned to watch Dean and Cas leave the library, trying to interpret the exchange he had just witnessed. Things always seemed to move fast with the Winchesters, and after twelve hours of interaction, Dean remained a mystery to him. Not that it bothered him. Ben was fond of mysteries. That’s why he had become a hunter, after all.
“We think a couple of other cases in neighboring states may be related”, he explained, which was surprisingly true.
I know that Cas hasn't been getting enough prominence in this fic and I hate myself for that. This is mostly because this is a "Dean-and-his-kids" centric fic,  but it is also because I usually struggle to get Cas's POV right. I love him and I want to get his voice spot on before posting a chapter from his perspective, so please bear with me a little longer.
that urge and remember he was carrying someone, otherwise Ben might be lying on the floor at this point.
He was so happy at that moment that it was unimaginable how he could have taught "just saying it" would be enough. Compared to what he was feeling now, the happiness he had experienced at the bunker was nothing.
“Great!” Sam smiled at them, already skimming through the report folder on his hands. “With that and Asa’s notes, we might have a better picture of what we’re dealing with by sundown. Ben?”
Sam felt his eyes getting wet and a smile escaped his lips. Dean would be able to talk to Cass. Figure things out, say goodbye. He would finally be able to grieve properly, processes the loss healthily. He looked at Dean, searching for some sign of relief, but the look he found on his brother's face was mortifying. All color had disappeared from Dean's face and his eyes were lost somewhere far away. He blinked many times as if trying to wake himself up. There was not a single positive emotion in his mind right now.
Dr. Silva seemed to think about it for a moment but eventually shrugged. “The whole thing is weird. Draining an entire family of their blood while they sleep? I mean, who does that?”
She stopped, as if unsure of what to say next, and Dean used that as his cue to turn the tables on her. Two could play that game.
Ben and Claire were apprehensive at first. They clearly didn’t need actual driving lessons, so it was very obvious from the beginning that they had a hidden agenda. But, for some reason, they also seemed to be holding back. Which meant no suspicious questions whatsoever during the first hour. Dean wasn’t sure if they were waiting for the right moment or if they were so bad at being teenage detectives that they had no clue on how to get any useful information out of him. For better or for worse, that meant they ended up having a trouble-free morning and, shockingly, started having some actual fun.  So much so, in fact, that Dean even forgot they had a problem in the first place.
Ben dragged Claire outside as soon as Dean and Castiel left to make lunch. Leaving the bunker might have been a bit of an overkill, but hey. Secret bunker. One can never be too sure.
Cas pulled Dean harshly by the arm down the hallway until they were far enough from the kitchen not to be heard. Then he turned around and pinned Dean against the wall with one arm. It looked effortless, which was always a good reminder of how strong Cas actually was. Their faces were very close, and a small part of Dean’s dirty mind reminded him that this would be an extremely arousing situation if it weren’t for Cas’s extremely annoyed stare. Well, Cas’s stares were usually arousing with or without fury in them, but it wasn’t the time to think about that.
At some point, he felt one of Dean’s hands coming under his shirt, while the other worked on slowly unbuttoning it. Cas let out an involuntary moan, which make Dean smile against his lips.
“There’s no way to tell. Probably Asa himself, since Max and Alicia would probably have told us”, Castiel guessed. His forehead was wrinkled as he examined the pages with close attention. “It’s a blood spell, so whatever it’s written here can only be read by Asa himself or his children.” He turned to look at Ben. “My guess is that he probably broke the spell on his old ones before passing them on to you”.
, looking through his cassette tapes trying to pick something (Dean had veto power when it came to the soundtrack, but he let Cas have some fun with it. Also, he had preselected every single one of those tapes, so it wasn’t like one of
?” He chuckled. “They couldn’t even come up with a good excuse, man”, he added, shrugging at Dean. “They looked pretty harmless, so I just asked them if they wanted to come to the library with me.”
“Can I keep it?”, She asked, clearly joking. She was already walking towards the cabinet to return it when she said it.
Jack shook his head and Claire let out a sight. Jack was still unused to most of his powers. It wasn’t his fault. Still, she could use some reassurance right about now.
“Broken record, Cas”, Benny cut him off and quickened his pace, leaving Dean and Castiel behind. The vampire sounded as displeased about the whole thing as Dean felt. They had better be close, the hunter thought to himself, otherwise, they might kill each other out of annoyance.
"Dean, something happened with Cass, before he died?" They were cooking dinner (if you could call preparing a few sandwiches for movie night "cooking"), and Dean froze for a moment.
“I don’t know how, but he gets that from you”. The angel rolled his eyes at Dean and turned to face Jack with a soft look.
“What was your mother’s name, Dean?” He asked. Claire frowned at him, surprised by the question, but Dean didn’t seem upset. Just tired. Just sad.
"We have two days," Jack said, softly, as if he was afraid of disturbing this newfound tranquility. "After that, I will help the Empty to go back to sleep. If you want to talk to Castiel before that, just call me and I will answer. If you don't contact me, I will go on behalf of the three of us and give him a proper goodbye. He deserves that."
"Jack?" He whispered. Eileen couldn't hear him, of course, but he was still afraid of waking her, so he talked as softly as he could. "Are you there, buddy?"
He wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled him even closer. “Do you think we’ll ever catch a break?”, he mumbled, his voice muffled by Cas’s shirt.
“Dean, what do you miss about Earth?” The hunter laughed, but then he realized he was laughing alone and stared back at Cas as if the angel had just told him unicorns were real.
Ben was struck by that. He hadn’t exactly had a constant father figure for most of his life, but still the way Dean spoke unlocked something familiar in his chest he couldn’t name. It was like finally experiencing something you have been missing for a long time. Nostalgic. Ben opened his mouth to argue but closed it again right after.
“You don’t have to” he added, his voice flat and emotionless as usual, “but after a few years with Sam and Dean I discovered that it sometimes it helps. Talking”.
Cas gave him a look of utter annoyance, which Dean thought was very human of him, and turned back to stare at where they had come through like a guard dog. Dean figured that was the best he would get from Cas in terms of decompression, so he mirrored Benny and allowed himself to lie down, but kept his knife at hand. Since sleep wasn’t a physiological necessity in Purgatory, he had a hard time doing so. He could close his eyes and almost doze off for a few minutes but would eventually open them again and find himself staring at Cas’s back. The angel didn’t move a muscle.
“Well, those things are pretty fire-proof”, Dean told her, with a shrug. “It was one of the few things that survived the house fire that killed my mom. She had one, so he found it and kept it as a memento or something. Which was... an interesting choice, to say the least”
Dean finished the sentence. Cas didn’t say anything, which was answer enough. “Awesome”, he growled, thinking about the dark, the voices, and the visions. “That’s
"As ok as can be expected, I guess". He thought that was a good answer. Honest enough so that people wouldn't ask too many questions but evasive enough to avoid saying how she really felt. "I never really stopped being angry at him, you know? For taking my dad. I really liked Castiel. Like, really, really liked him. But I just..." her eyes filled with tears and she tried to clean them before they started running through her face. "I hope he knew that. That I liked him a lot".
As I've stated before, this fic doesn't have a well-structured plot. Instead, it was organized as several short stories depicting the time Dean, Cas, and Benny spent on Purgatory. However, the next three chapters will be direct sequences of one another, without a time skip. You could say they are slightly more plot-heavy than the rest of the story.
“I don’t know, Dean” Cas admitted, softly caressing the hunter’s shoulder with the back of his hand while still holding onto Dean’s. “Claire never mentioned a friend. I’m as surprised as you are”.
.” She paused. “But he’s also impulsive and makes really bad decisions for the right reasons sometimes”. He saw a flicker of something dark in her eyes. Sadness? Anger? It was hard to tell. “He is the shoot first ask questions later kind of guy, and…” she hugged herself, looking as of she was slightly ashamed of what she was saying “… and sometimes people around him get hurt, even when he’s trying to keep them safe.” She raised her eyes to meet his. “I’m sure that if you two crossed paths, he was probably trying to keep you safe too.”
“I have no idea”, Ben replied. By the way both Dean and Claire glared at him, he was pretty sure neither of them believed that. Which was unfair since it wasn’t really a lie. Although it was a bit far from the truth either.
The angel seemed to consider that for a moment, a tense wrinkle forming between his eyebrows. Eventually, Cas sighed and agreed with a nod. “It might be a good idea. Do you think we can take Jack?”
“He doesn’t”, Ben repeats, at the exact same time as Dean answers: “I put his mother in the hospital”. Ben froze and turned to Dean, who was very deliberately avoiding his gaze. The boy felt his chest tightening with fear. What was this guy talking about? His mother was fine! He had talked to Lisa over the phone only a day before driving to Kansas. He cast a quick look at Sam and realized the other Winchester looked utterly struck by what he had just heard. No answers there. Turning back to Dean, Ben managed to ask: “You did
“Not always, no”. Sam handed him a copy of an article from what looked like a local newspaper. Ben didn’t recognize the name of the town, but apparently, it was Missouri. “This family never reported anything. They had a ten-year-old boy. Homeschooled, so we didn’t have many witnesses that could tell us if he had disappeared for a while or not”.
“When I wasn't carrying two monster magnets with me, I would catch a few peaceful days now and then.”, Benny grumbled. "Simpler times..."
“I was never much of a groupie” he answered, with a shrug. Castiel was already at Dean’s side, offering a hand to help him up.
Benny was the first one who managed to say something. His jaw had dropped, which was more of a reaction than Cas or Dean could manage at the moment. He cleared his throat, which didn’t seem to make the slightest difference since the two of them remained still as statues. Very terrified statues. The only thing moving in Dean was his blood circulation, which was turning his face redder than Benny had ever thought was possible.
“Well, in that case, I was hoping you could take me out for a drive”, he asked, excitedly. Dean blinked at him.
“Well, besides everything?” There was a fit of slight anger rising in his voice. Cas didn’t interrupt him. He wanted to see where this would go. “Besides not fighting for my life every single second of every single day? Besides food? Beer? Sex? Besides…” he swallowed, deeply. All the anger that was rising in his voice suddenly toning down into something more like sadness. “Besides Sam? Damn it, Cas. What
“No, you wouldn’t”, the angel retorted. “You would enjoy it for a month, maybe. But then you’d soon grow bored because you’d have no idea what to do with your free time.”
“Pull yourself together, Winchester”, he muttered to himself, getting on his feet. The air on his skin was chilly, which helped ground him to reality. He started walking through the woods, his heart beating as if he was still being chased, still in danger, and eventually heard something. Voices. Dean took a hold of his blade and walked as silently as he possibly could towards the sound.
Dean walked into the library a few moments later, with Castiel following him closely. They were talking to each other in a lighthearted tone, and Dean even had a smile on his face when he told Ben he had parked his car in the bunker’s garage.
“I…” she gagged. Her face turned bright red, and she lowered her eyes, looking suddenly very young. “I didn't mean to interrupt”.
"I do not hate your..." Cass looked at him like he had zero patience for anything Dean was about to say. "Ok. Your coffee could use some improvement."
“Yes, Dean. I’m afraid it really is Ben”. Cas sighed. “Or it wasn’t a daemon, at least. We should still test him with silver, though”.
“My guess is that they received some sort of light sedative that put them to sleep”, she said. “I found traces of something that would indicate this on the mother, but it’s hard to tell for sure”.
“Hey, can I ask you something?”. The question escaped her lips before she even realized it. He nodded. “Have you ever felt something you weren’t proud of?”
like a boy anymore. Still, even with all that, he was the exact same Ben Dean remembered leaving at a hospital more than seven years before. Same big brown eyes, same round face (just with a slightly sharper jawline), same freaking haircut, for some inexplicable reason. For a moment, Dean was transported back to Ben’s birthday party at Lisa’s old house. And yeah, he was
“Kid, there’s no difference in making scrambled eggs for two people or ten. I just need to know how many eggs I should break”. Ben blushed hard at that.
"I don't like that any more than you do" Jack defended himself, sounding almost offended. "He was my father, Dean. I wish I could drag him out of there as much as you do. But Amara, the new Death and I... we are trying to establish balance, and that means respecting the Empty as an entity. I can't steal a soul that belongs to it. It's beyond my domain. But even if I could, it would be unwise. The universe has rules, and one of those rules is that everything dies eventually. It dies and we have to cope. We mourn, we grieve, and we remember. We keep the people we lost alive in new forms: memories, songs, feelings... that's how it works for every single creature on the planet, except you and Sam!"
Dean frowned and rolled his body, lying on his side and looking straight into the angel’s eyes. He was considering him, trying to read him. It was the same thing he did to Sam when he knew something was wrong but wasn’t sure what it was. Of course, Dean knew Sam like the back of his hand. Possibly better. And Cas wasn’t human, he was a foreign language, a lot harder to decipher.
“Do you want to tell me about her?” Castiel eventually asked, breaking the silence. It was an honest question, no hidden agendas, no judgment or worry.
He started his lessons by shoving the two passengers out of the car so that Jack could understand the controls without Dean worrying about him accidentally hurting Ben or Claire.  After he acquired what Dean considered a fair understanding of how the car worked (or at least how to start it, stop it and make it turn), he called the other two back in. Which turned out to be a terrible idea. They kept interrupting him with their own tips and advice, telling Jack what worked for them when they were learning. Which would be fine, if they weren't doing it loudly and at the same time:
The voice was Cas’s body (or Jimmy Novack’s) when he had been possessed by the Leviathan. It sounded bitter and full of hate. Dean pushed that voice away as best he could because he was terrified of the image that would come along with it: Cas dripping black goo. Cas walking into the lake. Cas dead at his feet after sending the souls back to purgatory. He couldn’t face any of that right now. He sunk into darkness again.
“Where am I?” Dean asked. Adrenaline was still flowing through his veins, but he tried not to scare the boy, which was probably impossible since he was covered in blood, dirt, and holding a very terrifying knife.
“Yeah, no, I get it”, Dean waved one hand defensively, to prove that he was not judging. “We make do with what we have.” He glanced at the silver car from the corner of his eye. The poor thing seemed terribly out of place in the bunker’s garage. “Still, graduation gift? That’s fancy. Not many hunters can say something like that. Hell, most are lucky if they get to graduate at all”.
Huge thanks to Tess1978, who picked up this work halfway through as beta and has been helping me make it a little better.
Cas swallowed the guilt about lying to Dean that was creeping upon him. He had made up his mind a long time ago, and it didn’t matter what Dean said, he was not leaving Purgatory. He didn’t deserve to leave. But he also didn’t want to let Dean go without talking to him. The hunter deserved a life outside, one that was not hunted by Castiel’s mistakes or Dean's own fears and repressed feelings. And most of all, Castiel didn’t want Dean to
was the exact moment he realized just how much he liked Cas, and how thankful he was for having him by his side. Their relationship had gone through many ups and downs (mostly downs) over the past year, with the whole business with Crowly and souls, then with Sam... Dean suddenly realized he hadn’t told Cas how much he was grateful for having him back. Not properly, anyway.
“No” Dean answered, on a dry note, before turning his back on them and marching forward at a rapid pace.  “Are you two grandmas coming or what?” He screamed when he was already a great deal ahead of them.
“I don’t know how she’ll take it”, he admitted, still looking down at his hands as if he was suddenly seeing Jimmy’s hands. “All I know is that I’ve caused Claire enough pain for a lifetime. I don’t want to add a single source of suffering.” He raised his eyes, obstinately. “I must do this right. I owe her that”.
Benny and Dean quickly adapted to this new rhythm. It was non-stop, but they seem to thrive in it. The more frenetic it got, the better they fought. Castiel didn’t want to admit it, but there was a part of him that was jealous. He had gotten used to Dean and Sam sharing this “mirror” dynamic while fighting, reflecting each other’s movements without any need for words. He liked to think that he and Dean shared that as well, to a certain degree. It was less symbiotic, but they had a rhythm of their own, they balanced each other and trusted each other while in a fight. They always had.
“He passed away a few months before you were born”, Dean replied, trying to get back on track. He regretted his choice of words the moment he saw Ben’s jaw drop again.
"And?" Sam finally asked. Jack turned to him like a child who just received the best school report in his class.
“Where’s Claire?” He asked. He wanted to ask about Sam and Jack as well, who seemed to have disappeared completely since they got back. But Claire was the one he was most worried about. She wouldn’t leave him alone like this if something was wrong, would she?
“I think you are misusing the term ‘groupie’” Cas pointed out, in that flat tone of his. Dean was already rolling his eyes beside him before he could even finish speaking “It is usually applied to young people who seek emotional or sexual intimacy with famous musicians”.
“How could he?” Dean’s voice was hurt. Benny sighed. Cas knew it because it was obvious. Because even a blind man could see the affection Dean directed at him. And Cas was no blind man.
“Dean” Benny tried moving closer again, slower this time until he was just two feet away. Dean was way taller than him, but he looked smaller at that moment. Almost fragile, which was a weird thing given that he was over a six feet tall, muscular man holding a blade that could cut through bone. And still… “would you look at me?”
“You sure that thing is properly sterilized?” Kaia asked, doubtfully. Ben wished she had made that particular question
“Stay”, he said, after a moment of hesitation. “At least until we figure out this vampire case. That should give us another day or two, at least”.
“Really wasn’t”, he mumbled, still trying to piece together what had happened. He felt confident enough to sit straight, raising his head from Claire’s lap and laying back against the leather seat. “This morning too, but a lot lighter. I never had them before, though. Well, not in a very long time, at least”.
“I’d give anything for a car like that”, Ben admitted, still studying the engine closely. “How old is she?”
Cass tried to return the smile as best as he could, but he was still in awe of what had just happened so he probably failed. The next time, he promised himself, he would give that man the best kiss of his life. The sole idea that there would be a second kiss was too much for his new human brain to handle.
Claire’s face crinkled in faint confusion as she took the small object on her hands. As recognition sunk in, her eyes narrowed. He watched closely as she examined the beating marks and the initials on the bottom, turning the lighter between her fingers carefully.
” Dean prayed while guttering the smallest of the three wolves around him. He could feel his mind starting to drift due to the blood loss and focused all of his energy on staying awake. “
For brothers, Sam and Dean Winchester didn’t really look alike. Sam was a lot taller, with darker, longer hair. Dean was buffier but had surprisingly fine facial features (Ben was sure he would look a lot less mean without that frown). Their eye color didn’t match either and they sounded very different from each other. Still, he could see some resemblance, more in the way they carried themselves than because of their looks. Both men had a similar, imposing presence, that made them almost impossible to ignore, but they also carried the same tiredness on their faces. A sense of exhaustion you only acquire after being beaten up by life more times than you could handle and picking yourself back up is starting to get a little too hard. Ben had seen that expression on other hunters before, but it weighed differently on the Winchester brothers, for some reason.
. And if eating a pie was going to make Dean happy, then it was something he wouldn’t mind watching.
“He will be ok”, Jack said, as if he was listening to her thoughts. He gave her an encouraging smile. “Cas will fix him”.
going to be able to keep this up for much longer”, the angel interrupted, now looking more concerned than annoyed (although there was still a shadow of annoyance). “I wonder if we should…”
He smiled softly at her. That expression resembled Cas’s a lot. Which meant it also kind of resembled her father’s. Which was very comforting, for some reason.
“Uhn”, Benny considered that for a while before answering. “The nice answer would be going to the beach. The nearest beach I could find. Now, the real answer? I’ll probably go looking for the nearest blood bank”.
The mood throughout the day had been so odd Cas hadn’t even found an opportunity to talk to Claire like he had planned. Luckily for him, she didn’t seem interested in leaving before the vampire case was solved. Castiel had texted Jody earlier to tell her about that, to which the sheriff replied that (surprisingly) Claire had already told her.
“You…” Benny’s mouth remained slightly opened while he tried to process what he had just heard. Then, eventually, he gave up. “You know what? I don’t think I wanna know”
"I know that!" Dean yelled again, still crying. "But it wasn't Cass's fault either. And yet we're all here and he is over there. And we are not doing anything about it".
Cas wanted to know if Benny had felt that way when he had first arrived there. The vampire had been there for decades, so Cas figured he was used to it by now. Of course, the angel’s main concern was Dean who didn’t seem bothered by it at all. Or at least he never said it out loud. Cas was aware that Dean never said
"The Empty" he answered. Sam saw the exact moment in which the word hit Dean. Like the ground had disappeared from beneath his feet. He grabbed Jack's shoulder violently and shook the kid.
much better. He still spent almost three days avoiding direct eye contact with the angel after they were finished, but at least there hadn’t been any shoving involved. Well, there had been the sexy kind of shoving, but not the ashamed kind of shoving that usually followed it. Which was progress.
Ok, so I should explain exactly where and how does this AU diverge from canon. Season 12 and the first few episodes of season 13 happened exactly as they did in the show. Cas still dyed and came back, Mary still got stuck in apocalypse world and Jack still went looking for Kaia.
. Sure, maybe tag along with Dean and Cas to go see action on the field would be more exciting, but he hadn’t been invited for that. And still, Sam’s research was
Every time a vision was just too much, Cas’s hand fell to his shoulder, anchoring him to reality. Sometimes the effect of the venom would push him to the edge of a panic attack. He felt claustrophobic, terrified, and small. In those moments, Cas’s hand would go up from his shoulder to the exposed skin on his neck. The angel would let his palm rest there, skin against skin, warmth against warmth, until Dean’s breathing was even again. Dean didn’t know if Cass was doing something when he touched him like that – some sort of healing or another use of his angelic mojo to calm the hunter down – or if it was simply the effect of the weight of Castiel’s hand against Dean’s skin. It calmed him, ensure him. And Dean didn’t want him to let go. He didn’t know how the angel knew what he needed, but Cas did. Eventually, he just let his hand lay there while they walked. Benny didn’t say a word about it. He just kept on whistling nice, easy tunes. That also helped a lot.
“Something's missing here”, she said, more to herself than to him. He agreed with that. There was definitely something missing. Claire addressed him again: “And the lighter? Where did you get it?”
Before he could ask what was wrong, there was a massive impact on the ground a few steps in front of them. Dean covered his face but he knew exactly what it was. He cursed under his breath. Leviathan. They crashed the ground as two shapeless bodies of black goo but quickly started to take form. The first one took the shape of a bald man, the second, a blond woman, both dressed completely in black. Dean went straight for the man but was immediately struck down. He had somehow forgotten how strong the sons of bitches could be. Things happened way too fast and before Dean could even realize it he was rolling down the hill after being tossed by the bald leviathan.
It was a Thursday morning. He woke up earlier than usual since he had plans for going to town with Cass before lunch and getting the poor angel a decent haircut and some clothes that could actually choose (Cass had asked for a new trenchcoat more than once). He went to the kitchen and found Cass standing in front of the stove, completely still and focused as if he was attempting to do brain surgery.
“He’s going to get himself into trouble with or without our presence”. Castiel sighed, tired as if this was a movie he had seen countless times before. “Let’s go. I’ll fly us to him”. Without any sort of warning, he put a hand on Benny’s shoulder and they disappeared into thin air.
, Cas wanted to say but kept it to himself. “We’re getting out soon, and then we’ll be able to figure it all out together”. Dean turned his head slightly towards Cas and lifted his gaze. Their eyes met and locked onto each other. The angel caught the hidden meaning in Dean’s words. He was telling him that they could figure
happen?” Dean felt the urge to punch someone turning from Cas to Benny, but all he did was roll his eyes and ignore the vampire once again. They hadn’t had any backstory expositions until this point, and they weren’t about to start having them now.
“The new ones do,” Benny stated. He was further up the hill, over the body of another vampire he had decapitated while the two of them were busy with their own monsters. “Makes them feel at home, I guess. But they eventually give up. The ones who have been here longer are usually lone wolfs.”
“Short version? Claire wouldn’t buy it” retorted his brother, taking another long sip of bourbon. “Kudos to you for that one, Cas. She didn’t even buy the half-truth version”.
Ben shrugged. He didn’t remember that day very clearly. The hospital was stressful, sure, but neither he nor his mother had been injured. He hadn’t thought about it in years. The accident itself was kind of hazy though. He knew that there
“There you go”, the hunter smiled at him and started putting away the first aid equipment. He looked at Ben with surprising softness in his eyes, almost as if he was looking at a child. It would certainly feel a little condescending if it wasn’t so bizarrely endearing. “Can’t be a hunter without a few battle scars, can you?”. He handed Ben a roll of gauze to wrap around the freshly cleaned wound. “You can do this part yourself, right?” Ben took the roll from the other man’s hand and begun working on it.
“Yes. I did”. Cas went silent after that, and thankfully, Benny didn’t ask anything else. It was better that way, Dean thought to himself. He didn’t plan on staying in Purgatory much longer, and the less he befriended the vampire, the better. Still, it was good to see Cas taking part in any form of normal interaction.
“He forgave you”, Benny said. Cas raised his eyes again, and it was his turn to look struck by something the vampire had said. “I have no idea what happened, but I know he forgave you”.
“Next time I see him, I’m, going to kill him”, she said and meant it. Who on earth tells a kid something like that?
"Probably. The good thing is, Jack is probably going to be so happy about you coming back, he won't even have time to get angry with me".
“You probably don’t remember me”, the hunter said, with a serious tone. “But you and your mom were in a car accident, I don’t know. Six, seven years back? I’m the guy who hit you”.
He put his hand above Cass's so they were holding the frying pan together. He was looking over Cass's shoulder and there was less than an inch between his own body and Cass's back. That's how he had taught Sam to make pancakes when Sam was around five. They were alone in a motel somewhere in Pennsylvania and had slept past breakfast hours. He was not a great cook himself, but he could manage pancakes, and teaching Sam how to do it was a great way to distract an anxious five-year-old. Looking back on that Sam was probably too young to be near a stove but what the hell?
“Kaia, I’ve been patching people up since before you were born”, Sam replied, without looking away from Ben’s arms. His hands were steady and his movements precise. Ben didn’t have that much experience with deep wounds, but he thought it might not even leave a scar. Sam clearly knew what he was doing.
It was the first time they ever faced a group like this: a miscellany of creatures fighting together as a pack. That was not the way purgatory worked, which made Benny wonder what the hell was going on, though he didn’t have a lot of time to dwell on that question. They were vicious and out for their blood. Dean was the first one to engage in combat, decapitating one of the nearest vampires before Benny had even reached for his weapon. It had been almost uncomfortable to watch how easily his friend slew others like him. How easy it would be for Dean to do just the same thing to him if he ever decided that Benny wasn’t trustworthy anymore. He pushed away that though as best he could.
“What happened?” He asked, still a little dizzy. He tried to sit down but felt his head spin a little.
“Good job, kid”, he told her, after Claire pulled over. Jack and Ben cheered from the other side of the pavement, where they were both leaning lazily against a white fence.
not the right time. “If it doesn’t work…” Cas hesitated before continuing. His tone was serene. Dean held his breath, fearing the angel’s next words, but Cas simply said: “thank you. For everything.”
“It’s ok, Jack”, he said, throwing Dean one last annoyed glance before continuing. “Human machinery can be intimidating at times”.
would bring me pain”, Dean retorted. He let out a deep breath. “Which is why I have to convince him to drop this whole hunting thing while I still have the chance. And while I do that, you help Sam with the vamp case. And then, you talk to Claire. Piece of cake. We’ll have no problems left by sundown”.
“I’m worried about him” Cas made that remark in the same plane, low voice he used most of the time, but Benny could read something in his eyes that wasn’t usually there, something disquieted. “I imagine this… worry, this fear over Sam’s well-being is never too far from his thoughts. Even while we’re fighting”. Castiel suddenly seemed to snap out of whatever it was that had him miles away and looked at Benny as if just realizing he was there. “Don’t ever tell him I said that”
, Cas thought to himself. He glanced at the ground beside him, the place where Dean’s hand and his interlocked. They never talked about it, but he could guess that was something John wouldn’t approve of. Or that John’s ghost in Dean’s head wouldn’t let him have, at least. He didn’t know John Winchester enough to know for sure what he would or wouldn’t approve. And dead as he was, it didn’t matter what he would or wouldn’t approve. What mattered was the shadow he still cast over Dean’s mind. And that was a very large and heavy shadow.
Dean stared at him, and Cas thought he was going to argue, but instead, he simply let his head fall heavily against Cas’s shoulder, fitting it perfectly in the small space between his collarbone and his neck. Cas ran his fingers softly through Dean’s hair. It was rare to have him like this, letting himself be comforted.
“Anyway”, Ben continued, pulling down his sleeve to hide the scar. Dean couldn’t describe how relieved he felt when the kid’s arm was covered by Sam’s blue flannel once again. “I got away, Jeremy didn’t. I was taken to the hospital after that and people kept telling me that we had been attacked by a bear, which I knew for a fact wasn’t true. I saw that thing when it was chewing up my arm. Of course, everyone kept saying it was the trauma, that I was imagining things, the usual.”
Dean glanced at him but figured the comment didn’t deserve an answer. The fear of being ‘wraith crazy’ again didn’t put him in the best of moods.
“And the children always disappeared for a period of time?” Ben skimmed through the rest of the papers.
Cas thought about telling him where his head was really at but quickly gave up on it. Dean was already with a lot to worry about without troubling himself with the absence of day and night. So instead, Cas asked:
“Go to sleep and I’ll give them to you”, he said, holding the folder out of Sam’s reach. He glared at Dean as if he had the mentality of a twelve-year-old.
than Dean claimed. The rage in the hunter’s voice, while they searched for the angel, gave that impression. He still had his suspicions but wouldn’t look too deep into it. It was their story, and he was not a part of it. Although he couldn’t deny this dynamic made him curious. It was deeper than simple familiarity or intimacy. The way Cas’s presence relaxed Dean felt almost unnatural as if their bond had somehow been forged by something deeper than cohabitation. Benny almost felt jealous. Almost.
“Dean, before you freak out, it was nothing serious”, Sam rushed to point out, while Dean ran his fingers over the gauze, examining it thoroughly. “The cut was a bit nasty, and it bled a lot, but it was mostly a deep flesh wound. He’s ok, man”.
“Want to stick around and help me out?” the hunter asked. “I understand if you have to go, but if you have some time to spare, I could use the help.”
Benny was beginning to wonder if it was best to restrain Dean. The whole thing looked dangerously close to a panic attack. Benny was way stronger, he could hold the hunter down until he cooled off, but something kept him at a safe distance. It might have been the blade in Dean’s hand, which Benny had seen decapitate a thousand vampires as if they were vegetables being sliced. Or maybe it was the cathartic effect this outburst might have on Dean.
“Sam is Dean’s younger brother” Benny was facing Dean, not Cas, so he saw the homicidal glace Dean directed at the angel.
“You told me you tried to keep Ben and Lisa as far away from the Supernatural world as you possibly could”, Cas explained. “so most of what Asa taught him Ben was hearing for the first time. But the small things…”
Benny was watching them carefully but didn’t say anything. Neither of them said anything for a long time. They simply enjoyed the rare moment of silence, disturbed only by the mild sound of water running. When he had first arrived there, Castiel had no idea some parts of Purgatory could feel peaceful. It was not the purpose of this place, and that was one of the reasons he had decided to stay behind, do his penitence there. He didn’t deserve moments like that, not after everything he had done in Heaven and on Earth. He pushed the memories away before they could suffocate him again. When Dean had found him by the river, all those months ago, he made a promise to himself. He wouldn’t be consumed by his shame or his guilt, not yet. Dean was still there, he was still in danger. Cas would take him to the portal, make sure he could cross back to Earth. Only then he could be truly alone with his thoughts and pay for his crimes. But not yet.
