The cab rattled with the force of the slamming door. The driver of the taxi had  pulled over a few minutes round the corner, and was now leaning against the cab. He pulled off his beanie, his dark curls springing free. John hadn’t recognised him. He wasn’t even sure John looked his way. Of course, that had been the point. And yet some small hope had remained. Some small, selfish hope.
Before he could reach for the handles, the doors swung open, and the click of the latch rang through his head. Filling the doorway was Mary Watson, ghostly pale in her wedding dress and her veil covering her face. She raised her arm straight out in front of her, in her hand a gun. It seemed jet black against the pure, unmarked white lace of her wedding gown.
John looked out the window. He was almost there now. God, how long had he been absorbed in his own angst? He felt like he was a teenager again. Back to cutting himself, absorbed in his own life, thinking that no one in the world could possibly understand him. Back to thinking,
Beneath the veil, he could see a smile - no, a manic grin - plastered across the bride's face. Sherlock tried to speak, to reason with Mary, to make her lower the gun, to tell her that he would stay away, but no voice escaped. Every time he tried to make a noise it felt like he was choking, drowning in air. When he tried to take a step back, to lunge out of range, his feet were stuck fast to the floor.
He told himself they didn't matter, that they didn't count. That they were barely paper cuts, only a smear of blood and a tiny sting. That's how they always started out. All he needed was a small spike of pain to focus his thoughts and numb the emotional pain he felt. But as he went on, the cuts got deeper and deeper, the blood flowing so fast that it turned the water of the shower a dark pink. He longed to feel the bite of the blade now, the metallic tang floating in the air, the skin parting under his touch, the slow drip of his blood from a new wound.
Sherlock pressed his palms into his eyes, trying to quell the tears that were forming. What had he done? He was supposed to be saving John’s life by doing this. Keeping him out of harm's way. But now John was harming himself, and it was all his fault. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. He was supposed to jump, and John was supposed to get over it. Mourn a little, and then continue with his life. Maybe get married, have a few kids. Of course, that's not what he
The moment he pulled the back door closed, he felt confined and exposed all at once. He should have listened to Ella and gotten the tube (or even better, listened to his intuition and not gone at all). She said to take it slow, to ease himself back into things. But since when had John's life ever been slow? He had raced to join the army to escape his home life, only for that to be ended in a flash. Then he had gone straight from recovery to racing around solving crimes with-
"I'm sorry Sherlock, I truly am," Mary said, her smile spread to her voice and made it sound sickly sweet, coating the air so that every time Sherlock tried to speak, it was like drinking treacle.
And this is what he came back to. A John who was a fraction of the man he knew. A John in pieces. He would come back. He knew he would. He had to, or John would crumble. Or there would be no one left to come back to.
A tiny movement in her finger was all it took for his quiet space to be filled with the sound of a single gunshot, the walls shaking with the noise of the explosion. Sherlock felt the bullet tear through his body, wrecking the flesh and shattering his ribs, coming to rest in the centre of his heart.
Mary was still standing in the doorway, and she slowly pulled back the veil obscuring her face. At first, Sherlock thought she was crying. Then he realised she was laughing. An out of control, terrifying laugh. "Goodbye Sherlock," she said, and walked backwards through the doors marked with John's name. The heavy wood doors swung shut, and there was a click as they locked. Sherlock couldn’t keep his head up any more, and his head hit the floor. He tried to raise his head again, but he could only manage an inch off the ground. but it was high enough to see the the doors had sealed forever, the handle and lock no longer visible and the hinges vanished. There wasn't even a join where the door had previously been split into two. It was just a wooden expanse, marked with John’s name, completely unreachable by Sherlock.
He pushed open the large oak doors and entered the main hall. Seats lined the walls of a courtroom, and each of them were empty. In fact, the entirety of his mind palace just seemed too quiet. There wasn’t usually much noise here, it was only even him and anyone that was useful. Certainly, anyone making too much noise was immediately silenced. But today it seemed like the air had been pulled from the vast expanse of rooms. He could hear his heart beating in his chest and his breathing echoed for what seemed like hours around the high ceilings.
“Oh thank god!” John exclaimed as his knot ebbed and he was released. He flopped onto the mattress and stretched his limbs, his physical reprieve overcoming the sense of sadness and failure associated with Harry.
I zeroed in on a wooden box on top of the bureau next to an ornate lighter. Sure enough, it was filled with cigarettes. Or it had been, a number were missing already. I picked up the box. Then I turned back to Sherlock. He had started pacing again.
She took my hand. “You don’t see yourself like others see you, John. And what about you? Seb’s nothing like Sherlock... what made you want to go out with him?”
Shane grunted with the effort of standing still whilst Sherlock used him as a prop. “He can’t walk – he can’t even stand!” Shane snapped. “Let me push him.” He thrust the detective back into the wheelchair.
I had thought to go more slowly – my experience (and recent research) suggested it would take time to relax and open the passage. But I trusted that Sherlock knew his body. I added a second finger and he moved himself on it. I stroked his cock, giving the ring at the head a little tug and he wiggled happily.
So far, so easy. Ridiculously easy. But inside the maze-like prison were a multitude of dangers – we had to find the block that the terrorist gang used quickly with a minimum of disruption. The last thing we wanted was a firefight with the guards. I followed the other soldiers, my gun at the ready, as we ran through dank, stinking passages. There were people everywhere – prisoners, waking loudly, mostly hanging back with canny wariness. A fair few followed motivated by curiosity and the chance this strange invasion might prove serendipitous. It made our rear guard nervous, arguably it trapped us, but it also put a barrier between us and prison guards with weapons.
“I had to make certain I wasn’t followed as well, John.” He replied. “Put this on.” He held out a black sleep mask.
He stood there in the morgue, the still silence washing over him. The morgue was closed at the moment, so after he turned on the light, he could see everything without any distractions. This is what he was missing. A place to think. A place for his thoughts to just bounce off of everything and deduce at his own will. He began to deduce these people and how they were. How they died and what their life was like.
“Come on. Let’s go get some Chinese from around the corner, yeah?” John said, back to his normal self. Sherlock looked at him and nodded, about to leave when Lestrade peeked in from around the corner.
Jim figured that was enough pushing for now. He could see Sherlock begin to close in on himself and, while he did want to pull out all the bloody information he could, he remained civilized for now. “When are you expected back?” He asked, looking down at his watch. 14:00. They had time, correct?
Sherlock dismissed it. Today was a good day, he wasn’t about to ruin it with feelings. Those always seemed to ruin things when it came to John. Nonetheless, he pushed those thoughts out and just focused on the man in front of him.
He deserves to be happy. He deserves to have some sort of peace. If he didn’t walk in on John putting the gun to his head, he would have still had his peace. Why did John have to attempt suicide? Why did he have to leave? There were questions he never thought he would be able to answer, and maybe John wanted it that way.
I made some sort of noise. I didn't care in the least about the food. But John took it as affirmation. Five minutes later, I was propped up and sipping hearty barley broth from a mug.
He couldn’t even kill himself without hands to open the bottle of pills or pick up a razor to open a vein, or pick up a gun…
He endeavored to empty his mind of all the tumult the meeting with John had caused him. He tried to focus only on the man watching John.
Sherlock grabbed John's hand and placed it on his swelling stomach – he savoured John's incredulity. "Harder!" He groaned. "I need it, John! Fuck me! Fill me with your seed! Breed me!" The words surprised him, Sherlock wasn't certain where he'd learned them. But it didn't matter as long as John continued to shove his cock up inside him.
Sherlock suspected that John’s unwillingness to eat had more to do with whatever dysfunction his hands had suffered than the unappetizing nature of the breakfast. But he didn’t ask.
He examined himself in the mirror. The bruises were starting to fade, the abrasions had almost healed. The alarming blackness from the subcutaneous bleed stretched from groin to knee, but all swelling and tenderness was gone. John was starting to feel more normal, the physical trauma of the torture and the surgery slowly fading.
I was hot, sweating with adrenaline and arousal. John was magnificent! Amazing! We’d have to use the zip ties again in a more intimate moment. The thought of John binding my wrists and using his strength and weight to force me down woke my cock up thoroughly.
God, it was cold - where was the duvet? John's mouth tasted foul, it was taking him out of the dream faster than usual. He needed to get up and brush his teeth. And check the heat while he was at it. But he still felt logy. Opening his eyes was too much work.
Sherlock didn’t know how to answer. Did he say that he was at Jim’s or just make up something else? Before he could answer, the falter in his expression answered for him.
Sherlock muttered “Four.” before taking another sip of his drink. This prompted a small smile from Jim as he put his hands up in the air. “Oh, so sorry. Well, you can probably see why having chefs and help around here would be… problematic.”
Jim was surprised at how quick Sherlock was to figure out what he was thinking and put a stop to it. Still, he complied. He needed to take care of Sherlock first. Get Sherlock on his own before he would take care of John. But before all of this was over, John Watson would be six feet under, that he knew.
John shook his head. “I’m not trying to be your bloody father, Sherlock, I’m just trying to stop you from hanging out with a bloody psychopath!” He stood up, looking at Sherlock. “Sherlock? Look at me. Now.”
When he got to the flat, he was slightly relieved to see it empty. That wasn’t good, though. He should be glad to see John. He sighed and went to the bedroom, changing into some loungewear before heading to the living room. A case. That should clear his head.
Jim watched Sherlock spew off the rest of his deductions. This is what the man needed. He needed to be challenged again. Jim then nodded over at the woman on the other table. “Her story.” He insisted, keeping calm as he stepped over to Sherlock.
“We’ve been in a relationship long enough, Sher, are you ever going to learn how to act like a decent human being?” John asked condescendingly, looking at Sherlock with an intense gaze. “I keep trying to help you. It’s not working.” Sherlock’s eyes at this point were empty. He didn’t remember when he stopped reacting to being chided or shouted at. He didn’t remember when he stopped being able to twist everyone around his fingers- when he began to be the one that was getting twisted. He just let out a sigh and looked at John.
A hansom cab, drawn by a horse, pulled up to the kerb, and Holmes opened the door. “After you, Doctor.”
Here's how it is: John loans something to Sherlock, and introduces him to someone; Sherlock takes a detour, and allows himself to be seen.
“That means we’ll need forty profiteroles – I’ve got enough dough for at least fifty – so we can either have extras or create a higher tower.”
John shuffled his feet. “Tellin’ the truth, I’m relieved you’re not an actor. From what I understand, actors get themselves into all kinds of trouble.”
Then everyone was noise and chaos, with stage hands pouring onto the stage, and Sherlock was pushing his way through the audience. He pulled his vidder out of his pocket and dialled.
“Yes, quite successful,” he says. For a moment I think he’s talking about us, and wonder if he’s rating my orgasms by the noise that reaches the kitchen, then I remember the experiment. “I believe I’ve just solved a cold case from 1952.”
Sherlock stared at the pile of notes on his desk. They were wrinkled and worn, clearly not kept in a bank or a safe, but on John’s person, safe between his clothes and his skin. He knew if he touched the notes they would still be warm from John’s body heat. “John,” he said, “is this the money for your ship?”
Sherlock’s voice went hard. “I know the signs, you remember? Yes, heart rate accelerated, a faint blush in the face and neck, increased perspiration, and there! The darting of the eyes to the left. Why are you lying to me?”
John shot a helpless look at Sherlock, and picked up a microphone with one hand while gripping the wheel with the other. “Cargo class ship Baker, Captain Watson here,” he said, his voice marvellously casual. “What seems to be the trouble?”
Here's how it is: Sherlock Holmes is the best Companion on Persephone. Thanks to his innate abilities and his training as a Companion by the incomparable Inara Serra, he can instantly deduce not only what his clients want, but what they need. But it's not all tea and seduction - when Sherlock hears the siren call of a case, he must obey.
He began to stand, when the strong hand of one Dr John Watson grabbed his wrist. Sherlock froze, staring down at the contrast of John’s skin against his blue gown.
He decided to leave now; leaving at ten o’clock tonight would not be believable for an errand. He could write some more at the London Library, then be at St. Paul’s in plenty of time for the drop at midnight.
Mrs. Perry plucked at Brigit’s sleeve, with a glare at the girl that would have frightened John out of his wits if it had been directed at him. “Come along, Brigit.”
The band leader was winding his way through the crowd, ringing the tiny bells, grinning madly. The band itself was vamping dramatically, trembling on notes intended to increase anticipation.
John smiled, a half smile twisting up the side of his face, then turned and went back to the bench. He stopped the music and started it again.
He had compiled a list of all the attendees of the ball, eliminated the dead and severely injured. He needed copies of the witness interviews, possibly their contact information so he could interview them himself properly. While he was reluctant to bring the police into his investigations, there was no other way to contact witnesses. He scowled with impatience as he rang Lestrade’s vidder.
As they came up the elevator, they could hear shouting – male voices barking orders, and Maja’s voice, high and distressed. Sherlock glanced at John, and saw his face drawn into worry, his body shifting into a defensive stance.
At the next phrase in the music, Sherlock moved his feet into first position, and rose up on his toes over eight beats. John did the same, following as they returned their heels to the ground.
“Righto,” she said. She tickled Rosie’s cheek again, nodded and went into the store. Sherlock blinked and turned away.
The average slippage was about two hours. Most drops were within one hour of the targeted time. The slippage tended to increase the farther back you went, so if they were aiming for 1957, only a hundred years earlier, and had twenty years slippage, God knows how much slippage he would have if he tried to get back to 1895.
,’ John had said. Those five words were not just reassurance, but loyalty. John was loyal. The beans – making sure Sherlock ate, despite the severity of the situation – also meant loyalty. John believed in him. Sherlock’s head filled with the implications of that belief. It meant John wouldn’t leave him. It meant it would be harder to get John to leave him.
SHERLOCK: Desperate times. Though I suspect that our grandparents did not amuse themselves with online games and streaming movies.
Time lost meaning to him. He slept in the middle of the day, ate absently by moonlight. He would watch telly for hours, even when there was nothing but advertisements on. He wondered if he might feel better if he went for a walk, decide to go out tomorrow, then not go at all.
The general nodded sharply, then turned and nodded to the driver of the car. The driver moved to the back door of the car, opened it, and helped a man out.
Mycroft’s brows wrinkled, but more with puzzlement than worry. “Could we remove the mask, just for a moment?” he said.
John is from Regina, in the Georgia system, which is the planet featured in The Train Job episode of Firefly.
They arrived at North Walsham to a grey, cool drizzle of rain. John looked around the milling disembarking passengers to see if someone had been sent for them from the Manor, but gradually the station emptied and there was no one to greet them. He looked at Holmes to see a mirrored look of consternation.
“Later,” Sherlock murmured, “you will have to tell me more about this whorehouse. And the name of the girl.”
“John, it doesn’t make sense,” he said, trying to sound rational despite the hollow churn of fear at the thought of leaving, of going back into the wastelands of London. “It doesn’t. I’m a waste of resources here.”
Sherlock felt a childish urge to stick his tongue out at him, but controlled himself and schooled his expression into something more professional. He crossed back to the Commissioner.
Any ideas I had about holding back, being coy, waiting, being mature, have gone right out the fucking window.
He turned to Jen, but she shrugged as well. “No idea. I’ve been here two hours, they pulled me out three days early. Michael was here before me, though.”
Bahdri called every day, letting it ring and ring until John answered. They would have a quick conversation that John would promptly forget.
John stopped, breathless, suddenly worried that he had said too much, revealed too much about his own time and about his heart. Holmes was staring at him in amazement.
“Of course. Understandable.” Jim set his cup with a tiny click onto the saucer and leaned back in his chair, his hands folded in his lap. “As I said in my proposal, I’m a businessman. I’ve travelled all over, investing in enterprises of all sorts, big and small. I’m very fortunate that enough of those ventures have paid off well enough that I can do as I choose now.”
Sherlock looked at John in his chair, and his face was briefly softer and perhaps a little anxious, then turned to the door and locked it.
“I saw the Admiral on the vidder earlier, making some speech or other. He’s looking better, I think, since he started seeing you. He’s really pulled together.”
“Nothing to do with dancing is a waste of time,” John said quietly. Sherlock stared at him, surprised, but instead John ducked his head and pressed play on the stereo.
“Yeah. Of course there are guards below the window. I watched the shifts last night. There are a couple of guards that play chess between two and three in the morning. They really get into it, so if we’re quiet we should be all right.”
“Nobody talks about it, but we’re all thinking it,” Anderson continued relentlessly. “You come in here to play at coppers, but we all know how you get your money,
“If there was, you’d need it for the kiddie. Wotcher, kiddie.” The woman tickled Rosie’s cheek, and Sherlock suppressed the urge to pull Rosie away. Rosie giggled.
“Extraordinary,” Commissioner Yun murmured. Sherlock shook himself internally and returned his attention to the present.
He was still gasping for breath and shuddering as John pulled him to his feet and kissed him deeply. He calmed in John’s arms, their heads tilted together.
He wrapped his old, threadbare, ugly, but beloved housecoat around him, grabbed a towel, and headed downstairs. He realized belatedly that in his hasty look at the flat yesterday, then rushing off on the cabbie case, he had never looked at the bathroom. Given the décor of the rest of the flat, John imagined a claw foot tub, large and deep and wide. Upon entering the bathroom, however, he saw instead a perfectly ordinary bath, in a shade of green that recalled the 1970s. He shrugged, put the plug in, and started the water.
. He realized how long it had been since he had deduced someone and felt a keen sense of familiarity and relief.  “No, I’m afraid not.”
“Finally. There’s been a theft of two million credits’ worth of amniculusite. The security driver was caught by surprise and
The next morning, Sherlock found a folded note in his bathroom sink. Away from the cameras, he read,
John’s housecoat had fallen open, and Sherlock could see a scattering of cinnamon coloured hair, freckled skin, and the edge of the gauze covering John’s stitches. A moment of hesitation, and Sherlock slid his hand between the lapels, laying his palm on the gauze, over the wound below.
Sherlock set up his stereo again, and set his iPod in. Obviously they wouldn’t allow him to keep his phone, but he supposed he should be grateful that he still had this.
“Child’s play. The Times was sticking out of your jacket pocket, with a circle in pencil on the ‘Rooms For Let’ page in view. Anything else? Or are you now satisfied, Doctor?”
“I made an error, Watson,” Holmes said. “I had assumed that the dancing men were pictograms, depicting a story. Or that they were like the hieroglyphics of the ancient Egyptians, a language heretofore not known. Since Mrs. Cubitt was American in origin, perhaps a language of one of the peoples that lived there before the white people came. But now I realize – stupid! – that it is a simple representational code, with each figure representing a letter in the English language. If ever I had a fault, my dear Watson, it is that I assume that problems are more complicated than they seem, that those who created the problems are as intelligent as I am.”
“See, two of you, one of him. Ain’t even odds, is it? But now,” and the blond man’s left leg shot out and kicked at the knee of the big man, who howled as he went down, “now it’s fair.”
One store had all its windows broken, glass littering the floor, but to Sherlock’s gratitude, there were still a few cans left. He found a carrier bag behind the cash counter and was loading up what he could when he was surprised by voices behind him.
Working Together – a New Science - Boredom and Fascination – Incorrect Assumptions – Unaccustomed to Compliments – Trial and Error
“For what? You were magnificent.” Sherlock felt John’s agitation slowly begin to dissipate… but there was something more there… something older…
“Sherlock… he’ll never take you from me. If he tries, if he abducts you again, I’ll go to the ends of the earth to get you back. There’s only one way this ends, Sherlock, when he comes for you,
I made it into the front hall before Sherlock caught up to me. He blocked me with his body – damn his height!
I sighed. “I was looking forward to seeing Seb.” I told her. “Getting to know him better. I really was... but once there...” I paused searching for the right words. “This whole thing was just a bad idea.”
“We set up camp on the edge of the jungle and staked out a goat and waited. She stalked our camp for two nights before she finally came for the goat. One of the men took a shot. He hit the beast, but he was sloppy. She ran off – god, she was beautiful, big as horse and vibrant orange. I tracked her and found the drain. It was old and overgrown. The village had largely forgotten about it. But she – the tiger – had been using it..."
Ten blocks and a number of near-death experiences later, they encountered the horde and Lestrade had dragged Sherlock into the alley. Within an hour of leaving 221 Baker Street, they had been forced to retreat to this fire escape with a crowd of shambolic cannibals below.
Then, for the first time in his life, John felt his knot harden and begin to grow. It was brilliant! It was magnificent and amazing! He felt stronger and more virile than he ever had. He was the most powerful Alpha in the world! His knot was huge! No one could breed this Omega like he could! No one would dare – they would tremble before his tremendous knot! John growled aloud with authority. This Omega was his! He would kill any Alpha that even looked at him!
Mycroft shushed him. “Not here!” He sighed impatiently. “The library. At least there aren’t any windows.” He pushed John forward towards me, but he was reluctant to move.
"You'll get your chance to scent them, Sherlock! Every single one of them! You and Virginia Hooper and... and Greg, if he so desires! That's the test they
I almost shut the door in his face. But the flare of anger faded and I nodded. I turned and led him into our bedroom. “Take What you want.” I said.
The explosion of feelings was overwhelming – jealousy, rage, hatred, self-hatred, an alarming constriction of his scalp...
We kissed, stroking each other – it felt almost like playing lazily with myself except the shape in my hand was unfamiliar and the mouth on my own was hot and demanding... it was nothing like playing with myself! I laughed out loud, struck by the silliness of my thoughts, the strangeness of being with a man this way...
“You warned me to keep her close, Mr. Holmes.” Dr. Mahon said. “You said someone was preying on young Omegas. We came here hoping you’d know where she is? Do you? Can you find her?”
I contemplated what to do – go out there like nothing had happened. Stay in bed. Or go out and ask John what the bloody hell I'd done to make him so angry.
John shook his head. “No, you’re not, but okay,” He said, not pushing the issue. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t go to anyone when he was upset. He had been with the man long enough- platonic or not- to know just a thing or two.
Jim shook his head and just leaned back into the lounge chair that he was relaxing in. “You know what I’m going to say- and you know that I’m right, Sherlock. Why aren’t you doing anything?” He asked. He kept his voice calm and steady, knowing that Sherlock didn’t need anyone to loom over him and be condescending, but rather evoke thought and try to get him to come to the conclusion himself.
Old me nearly chases him down the street, strips him bare and rides him frantically with the neighbours and foxes looking on. New me, the sensible adult me, goes into the flat and watches telly far too late. I don’t actually pay attention to what the show’s about, I’m thinking instead of Sherlock saying ‘I owe him – I don’t want him to get hurt’ and John saying ‘He can be infuriating but he’s brilliant’ with that soft look on his face.
When the sixth day in 221C dawned, they had enough provisions for perhaps two more days, Sherlock could barely stand the smell of himself, let alone the room, his mobile battery was down to 57%, and they were ready to leave.
They stayed still for a moment, hardly breathing, hardly believing what was happening after all these years. John realized that he needed to say more, explain those years.
“I thank you for seeing me, Mr. Holmes,” Cubitt said, turning his hat around and around in his hands. “I don’t like to involve the police, and I heard you were a man that was clever with situations such as mine.”
“He’s not in custody yet. And I think you underestimate the extent of his authority and power. I don’t believe he would remain in custody for long. Even if he does stay in prison, he would likely continue to exercise his considerable influence outside the walls.  All of Persephone, including Moriarty, thinks I am dead – that is my safety.”
“Some people go back to school, get the education that they always wanted to get but couldn’t due to circumstances. Some people go to the gym. Some people take dance lessons.”
John quickly unlaced his own shoes and lined them up with Sherlock’s under the bed. Then he stood, and pulled Sherlock to his feet. “May I?” he asked, as he slid his hands under the lapels of Sherlock’s jacket.
“All right,” Mrs. Hudson said. For the first time, she allowed her worry to show on her face as she left the room.
Sherlock gave the Commissioner his most charming smile. “Let me introduce you to some people you may not know,” he said.
Sherlock had done this to John several times over their acquaintance. The first time, John had plunged in and done his best to follow Sherlock’s methodology of observation, to be met with sarcasm from Sherlock. For a while after that John had refused to ‘play the game’, until Sherlock had softened and said that he genuinely appreciated his input, that it helped him sometimes to see something that he hadn’t previously seen. The sarcastic responses had not disappeared completely after that, but John learned to ignore them.
“Yes. I’ve made my way through Bach and Beethoven, and most of Handel, but my fingers are cramping now.”
“No more Peppa today,” he said to Rosie. He could hear traffic crashes outside, horns honking, people screaming. He forced his voice to stay low and calm. “We’re going downstairs for a bit now.”
Suddenly, Sherlock saw car headlights reflected in her wide eyes, and crowded her into a dark alley. They crouched behind a skip, tense and wary, as the car passed. Sherlock recognized the car as the Audi belonging to one of the guards. The car passed out of sight, but Sherlock did not relax – this meant that John’s stalling efforts had come to an end, and the guards were patrolling the streets for them now. He shuddered to think of what was happening to John now.
“They do gold if you’re allergic to the syntho stuff. They did a test on her first and she swelled up like a – what’s the matter?”
“Sherlock Holmes, I owe you a heapin’ pile of an apology,” John said. His expression became more solemn. “I was in a dreadful frame of mind when we last talked. The time in jail was not exactly conducive to sleepin’, and I ain’t afraid to admit I was in a terrible state there. Seein’ all that at the hotel kinda brought back the memories of the war, an’ thinking that you had… Well.
“I can’t believe it, myself,” Brigit said. “They were terribly devoted to each other, Doctor Watson.”
“Well, he hasn’t got a passport, has he? There’s nothing on record for him, because of his background. Also, you know your brother, he doesn’t trust anyone except family.”
He shook his head slightly to dismiss the irrelevant data. “Lestrade, show me a map of where they’ve been found?”
Tribute to the director of White Nights, the film this fic is riffing from, for filming one of the most realistic plane crashes in the movies. No YouTube clip, I’m afraid. (If you do see the film, note that Baryshnikov did his own stunts for that scene.)
“I mean, the baking itself is fine, I don’t mind it, it’s just another kind of chemistry experiment, though I must admit that the decorations make no sense to me, and I also admit that you are better at that than I am. But it’s the competition aspect of it, pitting one of us against the other, I don’t like it, it’s like when I first came back and we weren’t speaking, we couldn’t communicate, and we still haven’t really spoken about it, and it’s like this chasm between us that’s just getting wider and wider, and on the whole I would far prefer to work with you than against you, even for something as mundane as baking a damned cake!”
John walked over to him. Sherlock was standing with his arms crossed in pique, and John grabbed his hands and forced his arms to uncross.
“And not too far away too – only in Birmingham!” John Garrideb said. “I’ve already sent inquiries ahead, Mr. Garrideb, and told them that you will meet him in his office tomorrow afternoon at four.”
Holmes stood, and his mouth twisted in a way that wasn’t quite a smile. He reached for a case in the corner that John hadn’t noticed before, opening it to reveal a violin and bow. Holmes plucked at the strings for a moment, turned the pegs as the tones sweetened. “Oh,” he said as he lifted the violin to his shoulder, and as an actual smile broke through, “it passes the time.”
“Sit down,” she said to Sherlock, without looking up. “Leave us,” she said to the driver with equal dismissiveness. The driver stepped out and closed the door, but Sherlock could still see his silhouette through the frosted glass.
“Not like that,” Donovan said. “It wasn’t his ‘I’ve got an idea’ run, or his ‘I’m in a strop’ run, it was… I’ve never seen him run like that.”
Fleabag arrives at Baker Street with her mission but is thrown off by another person visiting John and Sherlock.
Holmes immediately turned to the corpse, his toolkit in hand, and began the examining, measuring, and inspection of the body that was now familiar to John but no less fascinating. John looked around the room, trying to see if he could use Holmes’ methods to reach his own conclusions. He pointed at the blood splatter on the wall.
He heard Maja’s voice somewhere behind him, wheedling and patronizing. He gritted his teeth, kept going.
Both Sherlock and Rosie looked up at him; Sherlock with as small a smile as he could manage, and Rosie with a huge, gummy, open mouthed grin. “Da!” she said.
“I think I do,” John said. “This is the first really big case you’ve had since…Since. You’re still getting used to all of the aspects of your personality being in the same body. Up until now, you’ve been able to balance them – allowing each of them to express themselves, to be themselves. Scott, the chemist, has been having a grand old time, hasn’t he, with all the pH analyses?”
John rolled his eyes, but Sherlock saw that he was hiding a smile. He shrugged, put his hands on his hips, rocked back on his heels and tapped his toes against the floor, matching the beat of the song. Sherlock did the same, his soft ballet shoes providing an inferior but still audible tap.
“Indeed,” Holmes said. He grabbed a pen from the table and carefully wrote E over each of those symbols. "Now look; we know that these letters were written for Mrs. Cubitt, whose first name is Elsie. There are several repetitions of this sequence of figures, five figures, with the symbol representing E at the beginning and end – here, here, and here. We can safely assume that this sequence is ELSIE, and now we have our L, S, and I. We can now…”
“That man - oh, I hate this time of year. I only asked him if he was looking for a scarf for his girlfriend, and he said ‘Boyfriend’, and I said, ‘Oh, sorry, there’s some nice men’s scarves here’ and then he started to say the most awful things.”
Holmes had not returned by the time night fell. John slept fitfully, half listening for Holmes’ step on the landing, but when he came down for breakfast in the morning, Holmes was there, reading the paper and drinking tea. John tried to not allow his relief show, but he wasn’t sure how successful he was.
Then something popped, and the screaming started from behind them. Sherlock stared at John for a moment more, then they began to run back towards the screaming.
“I had thought that a doctor and a scholar such as yourself would be a man of curiosity, of active exploration of the world around you, of interest in the new. And yet you sit there quietly, full of questions about my observations about you yesterday, and say nothing. You have questions, I know you do – give voice to them, Doctor. Satisfy yourself, sir, and ask.”
The sight of John nude and under the shower nearly made Sherlock stop in his tracks, but it was the look on John’s face that staggered him: worry, relief, joy, protectiveness, love.
“Not much,” said the man. “I heard the sucker-punch before, that’s why I came over. Cosh like that don’t tickle. This ain’t a good neighbourhood, you shouldn’t be here.”
Sherlock wanted to take John’s hand, wanted to hold him, but was unsure of his welcome at this moment. “You asked her at the gate, didn’t you? I couldn’t hear.”
John scribbled down the instructions in his notebook. He had been sure to turn to a new page in his book to ensure Mrs. Roshni didn’t see his notes on the triple murder he had taken earlier that day.
“I will admit to an error in my past with regard to my own sexual identification. I knew from my teenage years I was asexual, but thought that this also meant that I was broken, that I was unable to…love. Through research, initiated by the discussions with you and with John, I have realized that in my youth I had a very limited definition of asexuality, and that there are in fact many variations within that.”
Sherlock was quiet for so long John assumed he hadn’t heard, or had decided to ignore him. A full five minutes later, Sherlock startled him by muttering, “She turned herself in.”
Sherlock twisted his head around and saw a small, compact blond man step up to the right of the man holding him.
So John had agreed, and spent a good hour seeing over the hospital as Stamford chattered away. Of course to his eyes the facilities were terribly primitive, but he knew that for the era this was the latest and greatest in hospital advancement. He was briefly horrified at the maternity ward, but was able to keep his face neutral as he thanked God that he hadn’t been born a woman before 1999.
She smiled, the anger disappearing from her face and voice immediately. “Not to worry, Sherlock dear. I understand that you’re here to… make compensation?”
He swam underwater for some time, enjoying the pure silence around him. He was a strong swimmer, and the water was not too cold. Sunlight leaked through the surface, creating long, narrow curtains of light.
They packed up everything that they had into the rucksack, and settled down to sleep. That night, for the first time, he heard voices. Loud and boisterous, they bounced off the buildings that remained standing. The echoes were such that he couldn’t pinpoint their location or even what they were saying, but it was shouting, pleading, and singing all mixed up together. It meant that there were other people alive in London, but they didn’t sound like the sort of people Sherlock would want to ally with. The sense of dread that Sherlock had been ignoring but that had been lying in the pit of his stomach for days, shifted through his nervous system and lodged there.
Sherlock and John walked home slowly, not stalling or delaying, but with an unspoken desire to let this perfect night be drawn out as long as it could.
“That’s it, that’s it, lovely, beautiful,” John crooned in his ear. He stroked him through the orgasm until Sherlock’s body relaxed all at once, collapsing onto the bed. John was ready to explode, himself, the sight of Sherlock coming had nearly tipped him over the edge as well. He released Sherlock carefully, and took himself in hand, using Sherlock’s come to lubricate his own efforts. He had only stroked himself a few times when he looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock was staring at him with fascination and curiosity, and that was enough. John came hard, his breath stuttering out in grunts. The knowledge that Sherlock was watching him, studying him as he came, served to push his orgasm higher and higher, until he collapsed next to Sherlock.
Was John still in the underground? Was he in a cab, and couldn’t hear the phone? Was he in the interview already, and had turned his phone off to avoid distraction? Sherlock’s fingers went into his hair and he pulled until he heard the beep.
“You know what they want to do?” she said. She was still looking at the television, watching Sherlock dance. “After your performance? They won’t keep you in Serbia. They’ll ship you somewhere else, likely someplace in Russia. Oh yes, there’s still an Iron Curtain of sorts. Performances for the political elite, idiots who wouldn’t know a
More of Sherlock’s tension ebbed away as each piece of clothing dropped to the ground. John gave himself a moment to look over Sherlock’s body – his long muscles, his flat stomach gone shaky with his breath, his strong shoulders and legs, his delicate feet. Sherlock watched him, observing John observing Sherlock, then reached up and tugged at John’s shirt.
He had picked up Rosie from nursery but they had gotten caught in the rain before John could get into the Tube station. Rosie had complained loudly all the way home about being wet, and he got a few glares from some people, pitying looks from others. He hated both.
Holmes practically pounced on the paper, unfolding it. His brows knotted at the sight of it, and without a word he passed it to John. John felt his own face fold in confusion at the little stick figures on the page.
SHERLOCK: And everybody needs to see how very, very talented my partner here is, and that I’m just slowing him down.
He would take a long bath back at the flat, soak the inevitable soreness out of his muscles, but for now the shower would do. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back, letting the water sluice down his body and wash away his sweat.
While his bread baked, he quickly mixed an egg with a little water and dug around the cupboards until he found a large container of poppy seeds, which he had originally bought for an experiment (“You trying to make home-made heroin, Sherlock? ‘Cause if you are, you know I’ll kill you, right?”). When the bread came out, warm and brown, he carefully removed it from the pan, and dipped his finger into the egg mix. For another moment he hesitated, wondering what to do – he only had a very few minutes, so no time for anything elaborate. In the end, he wrote the French word for ‘bread’ into the loaf, as a tribute to his grand-mère’s birthplace. Then he carefully poured poppy seeds over the loaf, noticing with satisfaction as they stuck to the lines of egg wash and slipped off everywhere else, leaving the word plainly scribed across the top of the bread. Then back in the oven for just a few minutes until...
Sherlock looked up at John, and saw him smiling without humour. There were miles of pain in his eyes.
Sherlock stood, and placed the violin under his chin. It was smaller than the violin John had seen him play before, no doubt because it was for a child to play, but that didn’t seem to matter to Sherlock. A few quick plucks of the string determined that the violin was in tune. Sherlock’s posture changed, and John could nearly see the suit jacket disappear and be replaced with black tie and tails.
John blinked at him, and shook his head incredulously. He pressed the button on the radio, and without taking his eyes from Sherlock’s, said, “Please confirm if this frequency is secure.”
John had his coat and hat on and was on the street with Holmes, watching him wave down a hansom cab, before he had another coherent thought.
John lifted his hand and saw that the pencil was shaking in his hand. He took a deep breath, and another, and the pencil stilled. He started to draw.
Sherlock impatiently pushed John’s braces off his shoulders and away, and unbuttoned his shirt, kissing and licking as he went. When John’s shoulder was uncovered to reveal a large web of scarred flesh, John abruptly looked embarrassed, his hand flicking up as though to cover it.
John had asked him to stay. Therefore, he would not leave. However, it didn’t change the issue that Sherlock found himself without purpose.
John hummed, short and sharp, and Sherlock put the kettle on. He started to put a tray together, then saw that the milk had gone off. Of course it had gone off, he’d been gone for weeks. He hastily dumped the milk down the sink, chasing it with hot water to drown the smell.
Jim led him to a sitting room. Sherlock noted the furniture – expensive but not ostentatious, and all quite new.
“But within a month I realized that I’d made a mistake. We weren’t compatible at all. I was bored, I think she was bored with me. Apparently the life of a country doctor isn’t for me. But it wasn’t just about me anymore. I had a wife to keep safe. So.”
I’m preparing speeches all the way there, rehearsing them in my head, trying to figure out the best way to get this idea that they actually love each other into their heads. It’s likely going to be a challenge, they’ve been dancing around this for years. Jericho’s walls had nothing on these guys. And I’m the trumpet to blow them all down. Yay me.
John knew instinctively and absolutely that Sherlock wasn’t mocking him, wasn’t laughing at his loss of dignity, but at the whole situation: the ugly room, the silliness of the moment, the case, the whole thing.
There was a collective exhalation of breath from everyone on the plane. Mycroft turned to Sherlock. Anyone who didn’t know Mycroft extremely well would not notice a difference in his expression, but Sherlock could see the relief etched in his brow.
Molly was pleased to see Sherlock at Rosie’s nativity. Surprised at first, but then not – he was also Rosie’s godfather, after all – but it was good to see him there.
Before Holmes could explain, they heard the bell of the front door, and Mrs. Hudson’s voice mixed with a man’s sharp voice, the American accent clear even from a distance.
“Excellent! I am grateful to you, sir! Send me a telegram upon the conclusion of your meeting, if you would. Then upon your return we shall celebrate our good fortune with Mr. Howard Garrideb!” And with a wave, John Garrideb left, as briskly and noisily as he had entered.
The old flat had a chill in the air – John had turned down the heat since no one was there. Not quite cold enough to see his breath in the sitting room, but enough that he had to rub his hands together to warm them before he took up the pen to sign the sales papers.
“Well, we had a look at the security footage, and it didn’t show any people, which is why they called the police and us. But I caught sight of one of the arm, just in the corner of the screen. Turns out she – the octopus, her name is Dolores – had figured out how to get out of her tank, went across the hall just out of camera range, got into the fish tank, and had herself a snack, then went back. She’s been doing this for months, this is the first they’ve noticed.”
again, his hand on my elbow, his hands holding mine) clears away all my nervousness. I sit up, try to look them both in the eye. “The fact that you two are in love with each other.”
John took the controls in both hands and pulled them towards him slightly, and the ship responded by ascending. Sherlock felt gravity pressing him down into the chair, and he gripped the panel in front of him instinctively.
Sherlock tipped his head back and closed his eyes. He didn’t need to answer, Mrs. Hudson knew already. She was just asking for the sake of asking.
John closed the door to his bedroom and leaned against it. Why in heaven’s name had that turned him on so much? He must be some kind of pervert, to find Holmes so attractive in that morgue. Had the Victorian era made him into a deviant?
“I’ll leave you to think about your performance, Sherlock,” Janina said as she stood. “When will you be ready to perform - shall we say two weeks Friday? Perfect.”
Sherlock’s attacker hesitated, just for a split second. In that brief second, the blond man cocked his gun, the sound of it shockingly hard and loud in the alley. In the next second, the scarred man was off and running, the sound of his feet scrabbling getting fainter and fainter.
“Yes, thank you, give me a hand with this buckle, will you, there’s a good man,” Holmes said. The cabbie stepped to Holmes and bent over the valise.
John sat up and looked around the café. It was late afternoon, and there were a number of students with their parents, waiting for their classes. John squeezed Sherlock’s hand, stood, and walked over to a boy who looked to be about ten, sitting with his mother, a case by his side.
“Detective Inspector Riggs had me come with him to finish processing the suspect, and I wasn’t able to get away until now.”
Hopkins’ fingers tangled together in agitation. “You know how Detective Inspector Riggs was handling the thefts, the gold bars?”
Sherlock paused, and it felt to John as though a hundred years passed, until Sherlock said on a soft exhalation of breath, “Yes.”
John talked to a few volunteers handing out programmes, but they didn’t seem to know anything about the show or the people involved; most of them seemed to be students, just there for the one night. Eventually he saw a cluster of people standing about drinking coffee near a small hut behind the audience that faced the stage. John’s hair stood up at first when he saw they were all wearing black, in contrast to the bright summer clothing of the rest of the audience, then he realized that they were probably the crew of the play. He watched them from a distance for a time, then concluded that none of them were their thief – none had the same posture or build.
[John takes his place next to Sherlock Holmes, arm’s length away from him. Sherlock is wearing sweatpants roughly cut off at mid-shin, and the waistband rolled up several times, and a loose V-neck t-shirt with old sweat stains. John wears khaki pants, a grey crew neck t-shirt and braces. John wears old and well-loved tap shoes; Sherlock wears hard-soled Oxford dress shoes.]
“I do. Must get on.” In fact, Sherlock had nothing to do but go in to give Lestrade his formal statement.
? I suppose you’ll play Giselle herself; you’re too important to play a secondary role like the Queen of the Willies now.”
John knew the dance, that was clear, but Sherlock wondered how well he knew it. He wondered, and then he dared.
“And you,” said the scarred man, “are not going to look so pretty tomorrow.” He pulled out his dagger: short, sharp, glinting in the dim light of the alley.
Mrs. Roshni fixed him with an inscrutable look that would have looked at home on Sherlock’s face. “Subjects that you know well, then. My point is, try to capture that vitality with subjects you don’t know personally.”
They fell into silence. John wondered if he should say something to break the quiet, but wasn’t sure what wouldn’t sound trivial in light of the situation they were in – racing to potentially stop a murder. Holmes sat and stared out the window at the scenery rushing past, but John could see a tension in him, as if he were urging the train to go faster by force of will.
[John takes a remote control from his pocket, points it toward a stereo in the corner. “I Will Wait” by Mumford and Sons begins with a hard guitar strumming.]
Sherlock didn’t answer. It was so obvious it wasn’t even worth the breath to say ‘Obvious’. He ate his beans, quickly, efficiently: dividing the toast into nine equal pieces, six beans per piece. The middle piece, without crusts, was eaten last. He left three beans on the plate in a smear of sauce.
They kissed deeply and softly, the urgency passed. Sherlock tried to say everything with his lips and body that he knew he couldn’t say safely out loud – how much John had come to mean to him, how beautiful he found him, how much John had changed him. Then John looked up at him, and Sherlock saw everything he was trying to say reflected back in John’s eyes.
For a mercy, John does shut up. I breathe carefully, with the noise of Baker Street outside and the creaking of their flat around me, John’s hand on my shoulder. I am dimly aware that Sherlock has sat down on my other side, not touching but close, and I suddenly feel better. I nod.
Because I am a bit of a nerd about it, there really is a difference between the 1955 and 1981 version of Glenn Gould's Goldberg Variations - on the 1981 version you can hear Gould humming. It's endearing.
When he turned back he was holding a crop – not the one he’d beaten John with before, this one was smaller, the size of a wand or a conductor’s baton. Without warning or ceremony, he began to beat John’s cock and balls with the little crop.
Carrying two coffees, milk, sugar packets, a banana, a bottle of water, a bacon butty and serviettes proved more difficult than John anticipated. He found himself standing outside Sherlock’s lab, balancing Styrofoam cups, et al, staring at the closed door. He could
"Oh, yes. He was clearly worried. We need to be careful – but don't let on that we know. Don't look around or act suspicious."
The way he'd been on the train back from Wales... John had pulled me into his arms and kissed my forehead. He'd murmured in my ear: that I was brilliant, that he loved watching me work, that he didn't know what he'd do without me.... I'd slept with my head on his shoulder, his cheek tucked against my neck. Despite my illness and exhaustion, it had been perfect.
“Then he shouldn’t have jumped off a fucking building.” I snapped. I glared at him, fists clenched, daring him to say another word.
Reluctantly, I raised my eyes to his. I saw immediately that he meant it, that he loved me - deeply and passionately... he loved me now, but I would disappoint him again and again. How could I bear to watch his love fade? "You don't know what you're getting into." I told him.
That moment on the lift, when the door dinged and opened, when he saw Shane’s face change and felt his head clearing, felt the ocean recede and his thoughts take on that sharp adrenaline edge, Sherlock, his back to Church, had activated his phone and speed dialed his emergency number – it was still John, even after the years away. (He hadn’t had the heart to change it.) In a brief glance, he saw that John had answered and pressed the button on the side, muting the volume so Church wouldn’t hear John – but John COULD hear (Sherlock hoped) who they were with and where they were going. He slipped it in his pocket without disconnecting.
But he didn’t. John did something that felt much, much worse. He turned on his heel and stalked out of the room, slamming the door behind him. His footfalls on the stairs slightly lopsided, betraying John’s aching hip as he left our home. I heard the street door fall shut and John was gone.
He roused himself. “Plumbing doesn’t work.” Sherlock told his Alpha. “But there’s a chemical toilet in there.” He indicated a door on the far side of the room.”
ARE we together? IS he mine? Are we a couple? Are we everything John has always denied that we ever could be?
“Not now, Sherlock.”  John said, but he squeezed Sherlock’s bicep with his hand whilst continuing to support him.
"No, love..." John had the back door open and was pulling us outside, kicking the door closed behind us – I didn't hear what else Victor said.
But, knowing Sherlock hadn’t died, I was more functional. After that hour with Sherlock, I was able pull myself together and find a job. I stayed in the Baker Street flat – it was no longer oppressive to be there, I liked being surrounded by his things. I liked knowing that eventually he would come home. Between my paycheck, army pension and Sherlock’s annuity, I had no problem affording it.
“I never did get the information about where Magnussen kept his trove. But I’d researched him, cased his offices and his flat. I was convinced that he had to be keeping everything at his estate in rural Connecticut. I went out there and broke in one night – the security was perfunctory at best. I thought it would be a quick in and out – if the information was on a computer, I could download it. If it was on paper, I could have Mycroft arrange a team to swoop in and take it before daylight.
John fucked me through it, ramming himself into me. As I shuddered to limpness, I felt his cock expand and fill my guts with heat. John groaned epically, his hands loosening their hold so I sprawled boneless as he came inside me. He collapsed onto my back, the sweat on his face soaking through my shirt to mingle with the sweat on my back.
Sherlock finished with the body and took the samples to one of the adjacent laboratories. Lestrade took his leave with a mumbled “Text me if you find anything.” John helped Sherlock prepare slides.
“I do. I want to know you better. You lost someone you loved, same as me... you know all about Sherlock. I don’t even know your friend’s name.”
I nodded. "Are you going to see other people?” I attempted nonchalance. “Pick up handsome strangers on the Tottenham Court Road Underground platform."
"It's not Vic, not really ... it was Dad. I mean, how would you feel if your Dad suddenly took up with a... a..." He had the decency to blush.
“...Syndrome.” Sherlock said in synch with Lestrade’s defensive grumble, as if he’d known all along. “Very convenient. Surely even so, some Alpha would take her...”
He heaved himself up off the couch, turned off the telly, and hobbled over to his violin. He should leave it with Mycroft so he wouldn't be tempted to hawk it for drugs money.
I zip tied her ankles together tightly, using several of the black plastic restraints. She wouldn’t be able to remove them without scissors or a blade of some sort. John used another to make certain her wrists were securely bound. Then he looped a tie through the bindings on her wrists and ankles, hog tying her.
John didn’t hesitate – with a surge of fury, he launched himself at the man tackling him to the floor. The needle went flying. The Beta was fast, catching his breath and trying to squirm away from John as he scrabbled to hold onto him. John had learned his fighting skills largely on the street and the rugby pitch, he had no qualms about fighting dirty. He got his hand hooked over the Beta’s belt and hauled him back, kneeing him in the groin. The Beta whined and tried to curl in on himself – John straddled his chest and landed a solid punch on the man's mouth.
The elevator door dinged and opened behind him and Shane's eyes opened wide. Sherlock squirmed in the chair to see what Shane was looking at – it was Angus Church, looming in the doorway, blocking the exit.
“Hey, watch it!” Sherlock had bumped a short female – or she had bumped him. Now she stood in his path, bristling. John prodded him, and he remembered himself. He managed a low growl whilst drawing himself up to his full height and towering over her. Then John was next to him.
"Mrs. Hudson..." John hadn't thought about her or his job or anything but himself (and to a lesser extent Sherlock and Shane) since entering hospital.
Selwyn laughed. "That's what they say." He flipped open his book and made a show of returning to it.
Sherlock sat in DC Lestrade’s cubicle feeling prickly and aggravated. Being here without John… it was horrible. He could feel John through their link and it was simultaneously comforting and tormenting.
"In a manner of speaking." I said. I wasn't about to tell Mike about Sherlock and me until I was certain there WAS a Sherlock and me. "Mariah." I greeted her unenthusiastically – she'd made a beeline for our table. "This is my friend Mike. Mike, this is Mariah." I couldn't help but think that if Sherlock hadn't spoken at Wallog, I'd be introducing Mike to my girlfriend. It was awkward. "How are you?" I tried to keep a mask of pleasant politeness in place.
I remembered perfectly the feel of him in my arms, his weight against my chest, the texture of his cropped black hair, shorn of curls, the scent of some foreign soap on his skin...
"I didn't mean to wake you." I said. I was shaving in front of the bathroom mirror after bathing, a towel around my waist.
There was silence in the room for a long moment. Sherlock sipped more water. Finally Shane spoke. "Ok. What do we do?"
“Help me get this thing set up.” I said, cursing the Japanese internally – or rather whoever had stuck Sherlock in a Japanese flat. There wasn’t even a couch, not even an upholstered chair in which to relax. There was nothing but mats on the floor and a table and chairs so low I felt my knees ache just looking at them. I prayed there was a western toilet.
Just the chance that I might see Sherlock – I was beside myself. I tried to hold my feelings in check. If it turned out that I wasn’t going to see him... or worse, that something had happened... maybe Mycroft would tell me that I’d never see him again...
As I caught my breath, I heard the smuggler laughing. I wasn’t happy to be providing his entertainment, but the fight would improve my status – if I won.
She looked well – more angry than fearful. Mrs. Hudson was made of strong stuff – she was ready to act when John or I struck. I took a step towards them. “The question stands, Ms. Morstan – what are you doing?”
His hands certainly had not got where they were now, tracing the outline of John's cock, a great granite bar shoving its way out of the jock. Sherlock tugged it aside and palmed the throbbing member. (It too was discolored, but there was no sign of the welts Moran had inflicted. It had healed.) John moaned in pleasure, his head falling back and Sherlock found his mouth against John's neck. His skin was salty with dried sweat. Sherlock bit the tender flesh there, feeling John's pulse through his teeth.
“John… with the annuity, you can afford the flat. Why go to the trouble of moving?” Yes, Mycroft, make him stay!
Sherlock proceeded to chop. John poured himself a glass of wine and sipped as he sautéed. The kitchen was warm and bright and it felt, to Sherlock, like a world unto itself, a world that held only two people.
Cat was out of the bag now – John knew my secrets. At least some of them ... how aware he was of my lust for him, I didn't know.
“Afterwards, she moved on to the next bloke. I wanted to leave... get in the shower and scrub her – scrub all of them – off me. But I couldn’t. I had to stay.
When Dusette's men carried him into the A&E, John had been in unbearable pain. Without something to focus on, something to hang on to - his worry for Sherlock, Shane's too-obvious distress - John had succumbed to his injuries and fallen into a deep well of agony and confusion. He tried to stop whimpering and sobbing as the nurses undressed him and the doctor assessed his wounds, but he couldn't, not entirely.
It was half ten by the time they were finished at the police station. Mike said he was tired and grabbed a taxi for home. Jason looked at Shane and some silent communication passed between them, and Jason begged off too.
"He woke up." Sherlock felt neither numb nor in pain for a moment. He felt an echo of the joy he'd felt when John had opened his eyes and smiled at him.
The second man was holding a purse and had been rooting through it. But he watched with interest as his mate struck the woman.
I woke later to see John furiously texting. He didn't realise I was awake, he was so intent. He was sitting on the floor, his back against the sofa, I could see his phone – he was texting with Mariah. Of course he was. John was always texting with his girlfriend.
His hand pressed against the ugly scar. “It was infected.” John said. “Rather haphazardly stitched up. Did you do it yourself?”
It was more probable that the melee would not yield a single Alpha, but rather a pack overcome with blood lust, who would gang-rape the young man in this dingy alley until he died from trauma or blood loss.
"Because I can't prove it, Bruno. The police are maddeningly particular about that. But his M.O. is not kidnapping. He's a sniper, he shoots from afar."
“What legal matters?” Sherlock blurted. John’s fists were clenched tightly, his body stiff with stress, but Sherlock had to know.
Moran set John down, none too carefully, by Shane. John immediately used his friend to steady himself on his feet. Shane got an arm under John’s and wrapped it around his back, supporting him. “What did you do to him?” He asked, his eyes accusing both Sherlock and Moran.
It had been easy not to think about it yesterday – the sex alone kept his mind engaged for several hours. (How had he ever thought it would be boring?!) And then just being WITH John, being together as a couple, making dinner (or rather watching John make dinner) and eating it together, unable to stop grinning at each other like fools. It had been wonderful.
That night, they both stayed over, the plans to use John as bait for the ‘angel of mercy’ forgotten. Shane climbed into the bed with him and Sherlock stretched out on the recliner on the opposite side, his hand tangled in John’s hair, petting his head until John drifted off to sleep.
Shane smiled briefly. "About hospital. It wasn't me mum, though, it was my sister. We both were in hospital when I was very young, four, I think. They didn't let parents stay overnight with their kids then. I'd always shared a bedroom with my brothers, I wasn't used to being alone at night. It was terrifying – the dark, all the noises, the smells. I hated the way hospital smelled. All I wanted, all night, every night, was to see my sister. I remember crying for her, she always hugged me when I cried. But no one came. I never saw my sister again. We went into hospital together but only I came home. For years, I thought it had eaten her, the hospital... it's not an excuse, it's just a reason. I know I have to get over it."
In the next story in this series, we find out from Mycroft's POV how John and Sherlock got back together. When 'Biology and The Consulting Detective' is finished, I'll start posting 'Biology and The British Government.'
“I love you too.” I said. Smiling I leaned off the bed and fished my mobile out of my dressing gown. “It’s just 21:30.” I told him.
God, Sherlock hated him. He wished John hadn't chosen so well. Bruno wouldn't be intimidated by Sherlock's usual antics.
John stepped back and tucked the gun into the back of his jeans. “There are zip ties under the sink.” John said to me. “Go get them.”
She paused and it was three seconds too long. She wanted to be John's traveling companion, that was completely clear even with a door between us. Over my dead body, I thought - then remembered that that was exactly her intent.
“Right. Yeah." John sounded less than enthusiastic. "Phil says there’s a ‘Living with Limb Loss’ group here. I guess I can check it out."
Sherlock remembered that night. That wonderful, horrible night. "It was stupid." Sherlock said. "He'd fallen asleep – we were on the couch – and I let him..." Sherlock sighed a long, shuddering sigh. "...lay in my lap." It was starting to rain outside, turning the shrubbery a deep, verdant emerald. "I... indulged myself. Just once, I held him like... like a lover would." Sherlock remembered the warmth, the weight of John in his arms, the way he smelled – faintly of aftershave, musk and wool – the way he had turned into Sherlock's chest and... and... snuggled. Sherlock's heart had broken with love and he knew he could deny John nothing.
Sherlock was shivering uncontrollably, but I had the distinct impression that he was laughing at me. My face must have reflected my discomfort.
"Yeah" Said the man who had locked eyes with John and taken out the other thief. He looked like an older, craggier Freddie Mercury, his thick dark hair combed back and his chin eternally blue with five-o-clock shadow. “Expensive coat. He scarpered before the police showed up." He extended his hand. "I’m Jason.”
Sherlock looked at him with an intense gaze before he moved towards the trash and began to get the test tubes out, setting them on the counter and muttering sarcastically, “That’s incredibly smart, John. Throwing good money away simply because you want to prove a point.”
Jim saw Sherlock relax more and more, and he got more comfortable to put an arm around him instead of just on the back of the couch. He rubbed Sherlock’s hair and back and just soothed him. Sherlock eventually fell asleep, prompting a smile from Jim.
Jim leaned forward so that his elbows were resting on his knees and looked at Sherlock with a calm, collected expression though his posture remained open. “Sherlock. Look at me.” He waited until Sherlock did just that before he continued to speak. “Now, you called me for a reason. I think, subconsciously, you know that this relationship is bad for you. I think you called because you were looking for some kind of first step towards a solution. Feel free to tell me that I’m wrong, but you don’t seem very happy.”
Jim smiled. “Of course I’ll stay, Sherlock.” He got one of the chairs and sat there next to him, content with his company. Sherlock was his now.
Sherlock began to think about John and his treatment of him. This wasn’t adding up. If sally equals bad, when John agrees with sally wouldn’t that make John bad? If A=B and B=C then A=C So why wasn’t that the case here. Why wasn’t this coming to a good solution? Why couldn’t he see John as a bad person? He loved John. This was so stupid. It wasn’t even worth thinking of. He wiped those thoughts away and looked off at the people, also ignoring the man next to him. Jim smiled sadly at Sherlock before returning to his normal predatory expression and patting him on the shoulder. “I’ll see you around, Sherly.” He said. This time, there were no verbal objections to the nickname as Jim made his way up and out of the park leaving Sherlock there by himself to sit and think about everything.
Approximately two minutes before the kettle would start whistling. That was enough time. He went to his room and shrugged off his trousers and button up, instead opting for some loungewear and a t-shirt. It was good enough. He walked back out, frowning at the rustling that could be heard from the kitchen. He walked into the kitchen to see John standing there in front of the stove, a tense demeanor about him contradicting his seemingly gentle smile.
“You’re so bloody dense, I swear.” John seethed. “Do you even know why I’m angry, or are you really that much of a machine?”
John stepped forward and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, taking advantage of the falter in his anger. “It’s alright, love,” He murmured softly. “It’s alright that you doubt yourself. After all, it’s just because you don’t know what happened. That’s alright. I’m the outsider looking in, and I can see things perfectly.”
“They are like before. I know they are.” He said, looking at Sherlock as if that was the stupidest thing that he could have said. Soon enough, the cab pulled up to the Chinese restaurant. It was a nice, quiet place. Just a few hundred square meters. He held the door open for Sherlock and smiled as he stepped out of the cab. “Just think about it. Okay?” he said, not wanting Sherlock to argue him.
“Well obviously you need me to because you haven’t fucking done it. You’re like a child.” John snapped, going back to moving around the kitchen and picking up all of Sherlock’s test tubes and materials left out, starting to throw them into the trash.
John couldn’t believe it. Jim. Jim bloody Moriarty. No. No no no. Surely Sherlock couldn’t be this stupid. His lips twisted into that slight smile that he only gave when he was truly angry and he looked at Sherlock with a brutal, erratic gaze. “Are you fucking kidding me, Sherlock?” He asked, his tone raising.
“No, John, talk to me, please. You can tell me what to do to make you happy but throwing a fit won’t prove your point and it just-” Sherlock started but cut off when he realized what he’d said. The words hung in the air and Sherlock held his breath, adrenaline spiking his heart rate.
“He had two, no, three lovers. One of which was a male that worked across the street from him at the tailor shop.”
Sherlock looked at him and shook his head. “I’m fine.” He said, looking around the room as he struggled to keep his calculating expression. “Really, Jim, don’t get soft on me.” He said, smirking as he dismissed his churning insides.
At this point, John was yelling. He knew he was. He knew that Sherlock would just close himself off and refuse to participate in it. He saw it even now. Sherlock was slowly backing up and turning paler. John sighed and shook his head, contemplating between pulling Sherlock close and leaving for a breather. He decided he needed a break and he just abruptly left the room, slamming the door on the way out.
Later that night Sherlock sat in his flat, his hands folded in front of his chin as he lost himself in thought. He was in his mind palace. Things were different than before. It was still the same light-colored wood that made bookshelves among bookshelves, but the books weren’t on the shelves. They were scattered all along the floor and the table tops. Things had been scattered and cluttered ever since he and John got into the relationship. He never used to let John into his mind palace. He thought that showed sentiment and he wasn’t going to let his heart rule his head, but now John came in and out as he pleased, berating Sherlock whenever he disagreed. Even in his head, John hated him. He mimicked and mocked him. Just like always.
Sherlock tensed up completely at the sound of John’s raised voice. Great. This again. He shook his head, keeping his ground with John even though to that man there was hardly such thing. “No. I’m not.”
John genuinely smiled almost as if his entire mood had changed. “Good job, Sherlock.” He said, that admiring look in his eyes. Sherlock fell into that, not knowing any better due to the nature of their relationship.
“How you feel right now is how I feel on a daily basis because of you.” John said in a matter of fact tone. Sherlock was used to hearing that by now, but every time he did he felt a small sting in his chest mostly because not many people saw him cry and the act that John just held it against him every time he did even though he had broke down his walls just made him build them back up. He instinctively brushed it off and focused on keeping himself disconnected from the conversation.
Shame washed over him as he looked down at John’s hand. This was usually the part of the fight where he shut off, getting lost in his mind to try and frantically sort through the onslaught of emotions. When this happened he would crave physical affection, but he usually tried to keep it under control until John initiated it for fear of rejection. He looked up at him with big blue eyes, his gaze growing submissive, before he nodded and worked up a smile.
I apologize for not posting for a while. As you may have read in the comments, my laptop broke. As soon as I got it back, though, I began to get to work on this chapter. I believe it was worth it.
Mycroft pondered it for a moment, thinking everything over. He then raised an eyebrow and just shook his head. “Don’t cry wolf about such things, brother mine.” He began. Sherlock felt his chest tighten, and he just bit the inside of his cheek just like he used to do. “I’m n-”
They arrived at the flat and Sherlock fumbled for the keys that were in his pocket. “Do you want to come in?” Sherlock asked in both a nervous and relaxed tone.
Jim nodded, listening intently. He’d not heard anything from Mycroft, so he must not be too worried. “Sherlock, I-” He was cut off. Not by words or an exclamation, but by the detective coming forward and pressing their lips together. It took him by surprise, definitely, but he wasn’t complaining. When Sherlock pulled back, he looked at Jim with widened eyes and furrowed brows. Jim just sat there, waiting for Sherlock to respond. Sherlock shook his head and just sat back in his chair. “My apologies.” He breathed out.
Jim stared down at his phone as he twirled his cigar between his fingertips. This wasn’t good. Not good at all. Sherly was getting involved with this pet, and it was doing a toll both on his intellectual abilities and on his personality. He wasn’t even unlikeable anymore. He was just so passive. John needed to go. Yes, definitely needed to go. He contemplated it as he stared into the fireplace and lit the cigar between his lips, blowing the smoke into the fire that burned in front of him.
There wasn’t much discussion at dinner, and when they were done eating John just paid and they walked off. “Well, how was it?” John asked, walking closer to Sherlock than normal.
Sherlock didn’t get much time to himself now that he was back. Cases were flying at him like crazy since everyone wanted their case solved by the ‘resurrected’ Sherlock Holmes and John took up the rest of his free time. He was grateful for times like these where he could just settle down and read a good novel. He was reading a Dr. Who novel. He often found himself enjoying things such as that even though it was science fiction. He noticed that the library wasn’t that full and, although it surprised him, the low hum of the natural noises was like music to his ears.
Without warning, John grabbed one of the beakers and made like he was going to throw it onto table with a dangerous snarl. Sherlock lunged forward to stop him, arms outstretched to catch it, but when he moved closer, John took a quick step back and stared at him in near horror, as if he thought Sherlock's intention had been to attack him. Sherlock caught himself and retreated, hands wringing together in an attempt to conceal his annoyance. He hated when John got like this. It happened so often lately. Normally he was able to brush it off, since he knew that there were emotions that John had to deal with since his return and he understood that, but there were other times where he simply couldn't ignore how John made him feel. All of those subdued emotions would manage to break free with a particularly hurtful word, making his stomach twist and eyes prick with tears. Right now, he was on the brink of losing control, unsure if he was actually scaring John.
“He’s fine,” Sherlock said, his gaze out towards the people. While he was trying to pay attention to the conversation Jim was provoking, he was also trying to deduce everyone around him, just to try and prove to himself that he could. He had been slipping as of late, that he knew, and he didn’t understand it. He needed to change it. Get better. He gave up and just looked at Jim with his usual, detached expression. “Why do you want to know?”
Sherlock looked at him and cleared his throat, looking down at his hands. The impatient tone reminded him of John for a small moment, making him back down. “Mycroft helped me.” He explained, knowing that was all he needed to know.
“I’d rather you not.” He said, looking at Jim with the same empty expression. “I’m a big boy,” He said sarcastically as if to patronize Jim’s concern and make him stop it. “I can handle myself.”
Sherlock could see the tension in Jim’s expression, though. The clenched jaw, the slight squint, it was obvious that he was biting his tongue. “Save it,” He said in a weary expression. “I know what you’re going to say.”
Jim loved the way Sherlock looked right now. Sure, he looked nervous, but he didn’t seem scared. He didn’t seem to expect him to do anything hurtful. Whatever John did to him would obviously need a bit of work, but he seemed to be quite comfortable, and Jim wouldn’t have him any other way. He gave Sherlock a small smile and nodded his head towards the door. “Head off to bed. I’ve got some work to do before I go to sleep.” He watched Sherlock get up and leave before leaving the den and heading to his office.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and looked, sighing when he saw the familiar number pop up on the screen. John looked at him, his gaze tightening on Sherlock’s face as he did so. “Well?” He asked.
Sherlock looked at him warily, but eventually he just decided his paranoia about John being on a potential freak out was just that. Paranoia. After all, John usually did feel better after a walk. He nodded his head and let a soft smile come to his lips. “Hello, John,” He greeted, relaxing noticeably.
At this point, John was getting angrier. He moved to face Sherlock and took a step towards him, not even bothering to tone down his voice that was on the brink of yelling with a tense, erratic tone. “You know, last night when your master criminal side piece decided to interrupt our time together. When I was trying to give you affection and instead what I got was a slap in the goddamned face, Sherlock, just like always. Just like always from you.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes at how short and frankly dramatic John was being. He knew all too well that his protests were useless, John was just going to take them as him being rude and disrespectful, but he pushed on anyway, trying not to snap since it would only make things worse, “No. Tell me what you’re doing. Why are you going through my things, John?"
He tried to block out what Jim had said about John because, no, he doesn’t. John’s sex is nothing like that. Sherlock bends over for him and he does as he needs to, but it’s nothing like that. It’s nothing intimate like what he just dreamt about with Jim. He sighed and got up to attend to the screaming tea pot.
Sherlock hadn’t expected that. He looked at John for a long moment before nodding and looking down. “Fine… I won’t.” His eyes shifted between John and the floor before fixating on John as he began to walk over.
The next morning, Sherlock arrived at breakfast right on time. Jim looked up as he saw the detective walk in and gave another cheeky smile. “Morning, Darling. Breakfast’s almost done.” It wasn’t as though Jim calling him Darling was in any way new, but this time it caused a little bit of pink to show up on Sherlock’s cheeks. He just took a seat and began to look at the paper.
He began to think of John saying that Jim was putting this all in his head. He knew that it was a load of crap, but at the same time he couldn’t help the self doubt that came with that sort of introspection. How much of this was he simply blaming on John when in actuality it didn’t happen?
“Fine.” Sherlock bluntly replied. He walked in and sat down at one of the tables while John went up to go get their food. He sat there and kind of just lost himself in thought. He thought about work and how John was treating him. And also about today when John was agreeing with Sally. What else did John agree with when it came to Sally? He was interrupted once again with John bringing over the food.
“Don’t talk.” John hissed in reply, tossing a dark glare at Sherlock before returning to his task, “Just... don’t talk to me right now.”
Sherlock didn’t care for this at all. The petty fighting and accusations, it was useless and immature. Still, he found himself getting oddly affected by it. He wanted to defend himself. Get angry at John for being like this. He just settled for simple, effective sentences. “Stop this, John.”
“And you know that no one loves you like I do?” John asked, his voice coming out sweet and relaxed. Sherlock nodded again and looked up at John, the fear in his eyes dulling as his smile widened in relief. He was just praying that the storm had passed. John broke into a smile and nuzzled against Sherlock’s cheek, “Good.”
John’s smile was still on his face and he stepped back, shaking his head, “Ah, sorry love, I’ve got to meet Greg for a drink. I’m sure you can handle yourself for a few hours?”
“We do have a maid though. She’s paid enough.” He placed a plate in front of Sherlock containing a piece of toast and some eggs. “Eat. You haven’t eaten in two days. Yeah, I noticed.”
One day, as breakfast was being prepared and Sherlock had walked into the kitchen, Jim slammed the fridge door shut, looking to see how Sherlock reacted to the sudden loud noise. He saw the other man tense up, trying to quickly cover it up by sipping at his tea. Alright. Still a bit jumpy.
“Are you alright?” John asked, looking at him with a raised eyebrow as he relaxed back against the chair and put the box off of his lap.
Sherlock smiled and looked at him. There was something about someone actually feeling concern for him that gave him a warm feeling. He didn’t like warm feelings. They made him feel sentimental, and he was far from it. He just wiped the smile from his face and looked to the book.. His phone buzzed.
That was enough for now. John needed to make sure that Sherlock stayed with him, after all, and didn’t run off to leave him again. John’s face softened and he gave a soft smile. Sherlock squinted and his cynicism filled up the emptiness that was beginning to fill him as a result of detaching from the situation. Still, this was nicer than that little blip a few moments ago, and he figured that he should just go with it. After all, that’s how it had always been. He just did what he wanted and John would pick up behind him, so it wouldn’t make sense for John to lead him astray. He nodded and gave a smile back, letting go of his animosity.
He got up, ignoring his member that was standing at full attention. He got used to walking around the flat naked because he lived alone. It was easier than flinging on some clothes. He got himself some tea to hopefully calm himself down. He thought back to his dream as another flashback brought itself into play.
John nodded. “Well, we have to go.” He said, smiling. “We have a Chinese dinner to go eat.” And with that Sherlock was gone. He left the office with John. John looked back at him as they stood on the curb, waiting for a cab. “Have you ever thought of us moving in together again?” Sherlock could honestly say that no, he had not thought about it. But the idea intrigued him to say the least. He would be able to have John all to himself again. He just shook his head and stepped into the cab as it pulled up in front of them. Sherlock gave the driver the address and settled into the window seat. His train of thought was interrupted by John’s voice. “Well, you should.” John said humbly, smiling a little.  “I miss you, Sherlock. And I want to see you everyday again. I want it to be just like it used to be.”
Jim shrugged, noticing Sherlock’s slight pause and desperate look in his eyes as he looked at people. “Just curious is all.” He hummed, a grin on his face. “Tell me about that girl over there.” He said, wanting to see just how deteriorated his puppet was.
