The food seemed heavy.  He had probably gained from the food.  Had he not eaten, he would’ve been better off.  He just couldn’t not weigh himself.  This was ridiculous.
“That he was fine, and he doesn’t really lie.”  Dean said, but no, it wasn’t believable, even Jack had weak points - and this was one of them.
Jack eventually found a small section of shelves for some normal books, even modern books.  He assumed it was either Sam or Dean that put them there.
It destroyed him, to see a higher number, but he knew why, so it was just a matter of getting back to starving.  He had to be small enough, so he wouldn’t be bothered anymore.
Dean was already out the door, and Cas followed.  Jack followed Sam with shaking hands and far too much anxiety.
Sam was starting to help him prepare for school, once July was expiring.  Jack had a surprising amount of knowledge - enough to be able to make it through the year.  Jack didn’t like studying.  It took up so much time, but it seemed that there was too much time anyway.  It was almost like he didn’t know what to do with himself.
“I bet it’s 160, it’s definitely what he looks like.”  The other kid said, snarkily.  Jack just looked confused.
Jack looked up, a terrified expression on his face.  He didn’t say anything more and escaped to his room.  That had pushed him over the edge, and all he wanted to do was throw his body to the toilet, puke until the acid burned, and watch himself fall apart.
Jack was restless in the car, especially because Dean had suggested food, and Cas had started searching nearby places in maps - that were open late.
They were believable for now, but he assumed things would get harder.  Nothing passed the all-seeing eye of Castiel, or the watchful glares of either Winchester.  He was in the clear for the moment, but planning ahead was not out of the question.
“Hey, Jack, let’s go find this damn nest.”  Sam stated, and Jack walked to the door, with another hoodie under his jacket.
“Yeah, that’s it.  I promise I’ll try to eat.”  Jack said, making a completely empty promise.  He just needed Dean off of his back.
He was sick of it, and it seemed that this had only been going on for a few months, hilariously so.  He found himself feeling horribly invalid just from length alone - most stories talk of those who’ve had these issues for years, but Jack assumed things changed between disorders, because no human being can do what he’s been doing without getting pretty ill.  Being a Nephilim was coming in handy - just for the sheer power of keeping him alive through the trash he was addicted to.
It was after the shower, when the mirror won.  He found himself staring at his reflection down in his boxers, again.  He spent so much time observing the way his bones moved inside the thin skin.  He loved the veins around his neck, and the way the tendons moved.  It was fascinating to watch.  Part of the reason that kept Jack in this whole thing.  He was stupid addicted.
He left his final period of the day early - by about fifteen minutes.  He was making his way to Dean’s car, and ran into one of the kids who had screwed with him months earlier.
There wasn’t much to do on a Saturday, unless there was a hunt.  Sam would sometimes drive to local farmer’s markets in the sumner.  Dean spent the time looking for more cases and telling Jack to find friends.
It was another dinner, and Jack was shoving the food along the sides of his plate, trying to figure out if he wanted to eat anything, or try and wiggle away from the table - with another dumb excuse.
This wasn’t helpful, because with food came fear that he couldn’t quite deal with - which led him to purge, and far more than he had ever really done before.  He didn’t quite recognize himself, not when he was clean.
Even at the gas station, around a completely absurd amount of unguarded food, he didn’t feel the same urge.  He remembered it, yes, but he didn’t feel the same around food - or the same impulses he used to have.
Jack ended up finishing the pancakes, while Dean had a side-eye observing him.  There was no room for conflict, and Jack vowed to just puke it up later, if it came to that.
He noticed the way his eyes began to light with frustration, but he made sure to hide it before he acted on it.
“I brought you food.”  Dean said, and Jack just sighed.  He started to get up, so he could pack his bag.
“She’s just taking a piss out of you.  Nothing she says actually means anything, really.”  Dean explained to Jack, who just took to silence, and stared out the window on the way home.
“And you’ll be more careful this time?  You know, the last time didn’t go too well.”  Cas pointed out.
The rest of the morning was chill.  Jack was in his room, doing close to nothing.  He was far too tired to do much else - all he thought about was food.
He probably couldn’t die from it, at least not for many eons, but he could still get sick and live miserably with it.
“No.  I just feel like I don’t know who I am without it anymore.  I know it’s only been a few months, but it’s changed me.”  He explained.
“I thought he just wasn’t eating - now this?  Are you- why didn’t you say anything?”  Dean exclaimed, the odd anger that came from concern in his voice.
Jack found it annoying, that he couldn’t use his powers to prove to the others that he wasn’t incompetent.  He can kick Soccer balls, but his human side was never trained, so he kind of sucked at it.
“I’m confused.  Isn’t Jack a nephilim?  Nothing should affect him.  I mean, hell I watched him heal many bullet wounds.”  Dean blurted.
He was changing, mentally something was shifting.  He was hungry, awfully hungry.  His body was starting to fight the restriction.
October 16th was the day where the class was being weighed in gym.  It seemed normal, but Jack didn’t even know what it was.  No one had ever talked about it.  Dean maybe twice, but as a joke.
It was hard to ignore it, but the party was going.  A few movies were watched, and a lot of alcohol was consumed.  It seemed everyone in the room, who had witnessed multiple endings of the world, had forgotten their differences, and even Crowley had pushed aside his own beef, to be with those he had taken a liking to.
The bunker was different.  Cas was going a bit crazy with the tree, and Dean kept trying to get the lights to work, but all the sockets were slightly out of reach.
“Great, you do that, I don’t even know where I’d start.”  Dean said, pushing aside to the door - which Cas blocked.
Jack just plugged his laptop into the wall, and scoured the internet.  He used most of his time on old forums. He was frankly obsessed with eating disorders.  It was apparently just a side effect of the starvation.
Jack went to change quite some time before the bell.  The empty locker room was almost eerie, but he already checked for hauntings at the school.
Warmth started to sprout, as March began.  Jack could no longer hide under coats, and had to rely on jackets to hide him.
After Sam died, the first time; Dean found himself spiraling a bit more.  Before the crossroads deal, he ended up eating far too much, and with it came some awful guilt he had never felt before.  That night was the first time he ended up puking in one of the absolutely disgusting bathrooms in some dingy diner, before he basically sold his soul for his brother.
“I want to know how uh…”  Dean said, looking at Sam with quite a perplexed expression.  Sam cleared his throat, before just motioning Dean to continue.   “How you feel.”  Dean said, his voice reluctant.
“He’s getting help.  It’s not going to get better overnight.”  Sam pointed out.  Cas stood up, with Jack’s plate - as he had enough of the chaos.  He walked up the stairs, and knocked on the door before opening it slowly.
The painful moments, when he’d wake at 2 am, ravenous, yet food was not an option - that was the awful part.
He left the rice on the end table, in the original packaging, and brushed his teeth.  The food was terrifying him, but he had to just fight through the awful feelings and somehow sleep without weighing himself.
“I- I haven’t heard of this.  Jack are you binging and purging?”  She asked.  Jack nodded, his head still down.
The diner was awkward.  It was a bit nicer than some of the previous diners, but still had the same smell, and the same crappy menu.
Small-talk was made between Jack, Jodi, and Sam, who discussed school, and how the kids were doing, almost like real parents, except the whole weekend hunting and son of Lucifer thing.
Back at the motel, Jack pulled another layer over him.  The cold air never seemed to heat, even with blankets, and anything else he’d try.
He learned quickly that a whole water bottle added a few pounds, and then salt, and sewing coins into his clothes, and anything else.
“I know.”  Dean said.  He was excited, and slightly too pleased with the reference.  He was relieved to see Cas completely alive once again.
Jack ended up pulling a hoodie over his torso, after getting the energy to get off of the bed.  He trudged his way into the kitchen, still hungry, but hopeful that today would be different.  He wouldn’t end up ravenous enough to eat the entire kitchen - but part of him feared that he would.  It wasn’t like before, his iron desire to starve was gone - leaving the human part of him just hungry.
It was interesting to Jack, how they still couldn’t figure it out.  Blatantly obvious now - he couldn’t do anything to avoid looking sick.  It was just a game of what will happen first - would he end up telling someone?  Or will his health decline to a point of crisis?
“You know, you’ve lost a crap ton of weight.”  Dean stated - concerned.  Jack found himself stopped in his tracks.  He hadn’t really thought of what he would do if this actually happened.
Dean suggested they all go hunting together, but Sam and Cas had other ideas.  With Jack now able to just live - they suggested he go into high school.
They ended up at Jody’s two hours later, at around two in the morning.  It wasn’t uncommon to get to places that late, but someone was usually awake.
“I guess they tire too.  I don’t know, we’ve never really seen a Nephilim in his position.”  Cas said, still devoid of emotion.
Jack was searching the shelves when people started to come down the stairs.  He turned to find Sam awake, well, already back from his run, and the small hint of sweat got into Jack’s nose, causing it to crinkle.  The musty smell was not something Jack liked, no.
Normal wasn’t in Jack’s vocabulary, as the son of Lucifer.  He knew he’d never be “normal” from the time he was born, but this was as normal as life could get.
Castiel’s grin grew wider, and he caught Dean looking at the two of them, a gentle look on his face. Their eyes met, and a peaceful, pleasant warmth spread through Castiel. This is what family felt like; he knew that now.
… And when he finally did, he had looked up from his tunnel vision to realize exactly how his choices had impacted Cas.
Castiel regarded Dean, the sun making his hair appear lighter than Castiel knew it really was. People who called Dean a monster-killing machine really had no idea who the real Dean was. Dean had his ways of showing affection, regardless of conventionality. He wanted to give Jack the tools to make himself comfortable, and that included being able to talk to his friends. He was showing his support of Claire’s interests and goals by giving her his old jacket. There was so much going on under the surface of Dean, and even though Castiel knew that, every once in a while that fact was once again highlighted to him. This was one of those times.
Cas hummed in acknowledgement, before gently taking Dean’s half empty glass from him and putting it on the table. He shifted in his seat to face Dean better, pulling at his hand to do the same. Dean followed, nervous for the inevitable admonishment.
” Cas’ intense stare bore into Dean’s eyes. “I agreed with your plan, regardless of how little time there was. Even if we had hours to discuss the details, I would have made the same decision. Do you know why?”
Castiel ducked his head, feeling his face flush slightly. God, he can actually blush. Maybe he should rethink this whole human thing.
“Jack walked out on em’, again.”  Dean explained, causing Jack to slide into his seat.  His cheeks burnt hot.
“So the day you-you came into the car asking if you weighed too much, it was because of them?”  Dean asked.  Jack just nodded.
Once everyone had readied themselves, Dean suggested breakfast - which was assumedly at some strange diner.  Jack found himself freezing.  He had gotten away with not eating it, or with a banana back at the bunker, because no one really ate at the same time.
Jack just assumed he wasn’t sick enough yet, and that it would validate him if he suddenly felt the ill-effects from all of it.
When he awoke four months later, he noticed the way nothing hurt.  He was hungry, thirsty, and completely confused, but everything he had destroyed, well it felt fine, in tact, actually.
He heard the screen door close, and turned to see behind him.  Claire ended up on the front steps beside him.
It was another day of Soccer, and Jack being picked last for teams.  It was definitely the other students’ way of still giving him crap, but not getting in trouble for direct bullying, as the school was cracking down a bit.
This led Dean to do as much research on the Empty as possible.  Pouring the absolute depression he felt into something a little more productive than alcoholism and food.  With little payoff.
Girlfriends, boyfriends, and everything in between - while Jack sat alone at lunch, playing with his sandwich - trying not to eat it.
Sam’s eyes ended up on those - just for a moment, before jack quickly pulled his knuckles into sleeves.
These nights were the ones where he’d lean against the sink, and try to let himself feel, after puking and hopping on the scale twice in a minute-span.
“I was going to eat in my room.”  Jack said, turning red.  His eyes were locked with Cas’s own sad eyes.
The further the year went, the more Dean would do it, and it did hurt, yes.  Once the time was up; Dean ended up with quite a bit of crap pain.  A stabbing in his stomach, digestion issues, and his teeth were on their own way to destruction.  Dean had destroyed himself before the Hellhounds could.
Today was no exception.  He quickly turned the water on, let it beat on his back, and he pressed his middle finger to the back of his throat.  The puke drained through the sink, and he was always surprised with the way that he hadn’t clogged the drain system yet.
He didn’t want to not eat - he just couldn’t find the motivation to eat.  It was a stupid thing really.
He wasn’t fully in control, no, he was really the opposite.  He had no control over himself, and no amount of Nephilim could help him.
He didn’t like the lying, but it was the only thing that kept anyone off of his trail. The last thing he wanted was anyone to find out. Mental health was not their strong suit.
“Right, uh.  Thank you for the help.”  Dean said, and looked to Cas to find a smile across his face.
“Yeah, but you’re the one who found the moldy pizza, after he promised to eat it.  He’s lying.  Jack doesn’t want to get better.”  Dean pointed out.
Purging was something he read about, but not something he wanted to do.  Frankly, it scared him.  He knew it would feel good, but the actual thought was unfathomable.
No exchange of words happened for a solid hour of the drive.  Jack was distracted with something on his phone, and Sam just kept getting irritated with the array of different christmas decorations on buildings.
And Jack found himself in the bathroom quickly after, heaving into the shower drain until he got anything up.
“I’m confused, if you must know.”  Jack said.  He was swinging his legs - still sitting on the table, as all chairs seemed occupied.
Jack wanted to cry - obviously he wouldn’t in a class of 30 people, but he was overwhelmed with joy; just from feeling like he was a part of something.
Jack quickly purged, hoping it wouldn’t be too hard or too gross.  Bread sort of clumped in his throat, and he kept having to force his middle finger down his throat, until the soggy chunks did come up, and he could breathe.
“One second,”  Jack called out, and quickly put the scale back out of sight.  “You can come in.”  He said, and the door opened.  Dean, of all people, walked in, and sat on Jack’s bed.  It was almost terrifying, if it hadn’t been for the somber aura that Dean gave off as he inhaled.
He pulled one of Dean’s old baggy shirts over his torso, and a pair of Sam’s gym shorts from high school over his hips.  It all fit awkwardly, but he had yet to get his own clothes - a promise that Dean had made over a year ago.  That when it was all over, he’d take Jack to pick out his own clothes.  Jack just assumed that Dean forgot, which was fine.
“There’s an old warehouse on the outskirts of the town.  The only one, which is really the only place they could be.”  Sam stated, as the car started again.  Jack ended up falling asleep on the way back for a few minutes.
“I don’t know, time, I guess.”  Sam said, but it was obvious he was still on the fence.  Jack thought nothing more of it, and the absolutely awkward drive continued.
It wasn’t for a few moments, but Jack suddenly realized that he wasn’t covered, not like he usually was.  His arms exposed, and each vein and the few strips of muscle that liked to poke from his skin when he moved.  Jack couldn’t even try to cover up, as it would be more suspicious than just ignoring it.
The most frustrating part of the class was his exhaustion.  He had run the two warm-up laps, and found himself feeling defeated.  He had read about being tired, but that was for humans.  He wasn’t fully human, so why was he tired?  Food couldn’t be that important, really.
Dean wandered into his room, as his stash of binge food tended to live in one of his dresser drawers.
It started with fasting and binging before he mustered the courage again, to binge and purge.  This time it felt more addicting, somehow, except the fact that Castiel loved to show up either right before or after, trying to explain to Dean that it was dangerous.
“Sam’s clearing dinner, then we bring the pie.”  Dean explained.  Jack ended up turning his back to the array of food, just to keep himself from it.
“Weight - they did it in gym.”  Jack explained.  He tried to show no negative feelings towards it - as it was crucial to hide.
Life was so strange, without the constant blaring of shotguns, the yellow eyes, being thrown against the walls.  Jack hadn’t used his powers for much at all, just to win a few games of Monopoly.  It was all-too-bittersweet.
Jack found himself in his room once again - hiding from the footsteps in the hallway - he currently didn’t have a puke bag in his room, thankfully, but he was awaiting the bathroom to be freed up, so he could go puke the breakfast he had forced down his throat - which was a little too much - causing his stomach to actually hurt - a new problem that was arising.
Jack looked up with terrified eyes, as his own plate was set in front of him.  He just stared at it, while playing with the fries - hoping no one would notice that he wasn’t eating.
“Alright, well, I’ll get him from his room, and we can talk - honestly,”  Sam said, and turned back before he walked out the door.  “No yelling please, it doesn’t do well.”
“Is something wrong, Jack?  You’ve been picking at your plate for the last ten minutes.”  Cas pointed out.  Jack just shrugged.
Jack locked his door, pulled the scale from behind the dresser. He looked it up and down before taking a breath and stepping on.
He found a solution to the lunch situation, and once he stopped eating lunch, no one seemed to say anything about it.  He just ended up hungry at dinner, much the dismay of Sam, Dean, and Cas.  They asked questions regarding the whole “lunch strike”, but it didn’t seem to help.  Jack just said it was weird, so he stopped.
The Impala had a completely different environment.  Jack just awkwardly sat in the passenger seat, and Sam kept skipping through the radio, trying to get a station without christmas music.
Christmas Eve, something Dean wanted to celebrate for many years, as the last one was ruined by some pagan gods.
It was Cas who walked out the door last, how duffel bag hitting his legs with each step, as his arm swayed behind him.
Jack started finding there to be a numbing that came with not eating as much, and throughout the next month it got worse.  He never ate lunch, sometimes he’d skip over breakfast, and if he did, well, it’d be small.  They never had a crazy rigid food schedule in the bunker as they began to take on more hunts.  When Jack was alone, he’d usually just go for as long as possible without food, and then find something he deemed “safe” to try and fill the empty feeling.
Until it they started working their way into the woods.  Jack hadn’t eaten nearly enough for lunch, and the past month of not eating had gotten to him.  The stampeding through branches and brambles was hard, even for him, a Nephilim.
There was a long period where no one spoke.  Jack noticed a hesitation on Claire’s end, as if she was trying to form words, but nothing was coming out.  It was a feeling that Jack knew all too well, and with that, he knew that there was no point in rushing it.
It was Sam who decided to hunt on New Years Eve.  It was Dean who found one in Sioux Falls.  It was Jack who suggested they stay with Jody - mainly to try and talk to Claire again.
“You sure?”  Dean asked, reaching a hand towards Jack.  Jack just sighed, as he grabbed Dean’s hand, and pulled himself up.
Having Sam know was actually nicer than just Dean, who seemed to force food on him.  Sam was the one to make sure that he was ok.
“Just eat the damn food, or I’ll cancel your therapy session this week.”  Dean yelled, clearly irrational in thinking.
He tended to aim for closer to 900 calories - higher than what he’d read online, but it was safer than eating too little.  He had made that mistake for so long, causing so much guilt to arise.
“What happened?”  Dean asked.  Jack seemed to adjust his seat, anxiety seemed to course through him.
“I know, it just...I’ve lost everyone, and watching Jack do this, it hurts.  It hurts to watch him waste himself, and I just.  I can’t lose him.”  Dean said, anger no longer prevalent, there was a crack in his voice.
When he had access to food, and it was moreso regular; the habit never left.  He just started purging to keep himself in check.
The world was finally not on the verge of ending.  Jack wasn’t dead and he had a soul.  The Empty had broken its’ deal with Cas.  Dean got to say “I love you” to Cas, whom reciprocated the words.   Crowley had taken Hell back from chaos after somehow finding his way back to life, and Chuck finally learned common sense - which caused him to run again, as he tended to do so.
Of Sam asking what’s wrong if Dean walked out of the bathroom pale, while Hell was breaking loose outside.
“Leaving early Kline?”  The kid said.  Jack just kept walking, making sure to assert his disinterest.
“Of course we would’ve.  This is dangerous, even for you - I mean look at you.”  Dean said, now in that mood.
“Have I?”  Jack asked politely.  He tried to deny the whole thing, but Dean seemed so adamant to continue to rail, at least for a few more moments.
Jack didn’t argue, and just made sure to drink enough water, just in case he had to purge.  The water seemed to make it feel less like hell.
“I wanted it to stop.  They were just being mean.”  Jack explained.  His sentences short.  Dean felt his own shoulders drop.  He knew of all these stories.  How they had basically tortured him.
Once Dean had come back with an extension cord, Cas figured out how to top the tree.  They definitely didn’t use an angel to top the tree.
He found himself standing on the surface, and saw a number.  He didn’t understand the number.  One-hundred-and-forty-five pounds.  It seemed large, but maybe it wasn’t.  He didn’t know.  The teacher seemed indifferent, so it was probably fine.
Cas ended up in the kitchen next - probably waiting for Dean to trudge in the familiar bathrobe.  It was still funny to Jack - everytime Dean would trudge in with the robe and morning hair, usually attached to Cas.
His dwindling body wasn’t dead yet - and wouldn’t for a long time, but it didn’t feel good.  Not anymore.  Starving didn’t leave him with the same high feeling, no, it just caused other pain to arise.  Headaches, chest pains, stomach issues.
Dean always told Jack to ignore it.  They were just trying to get on his nerves, and if he didn’t pay attention, they’d stop.  Jack believed it, hoping that it would get better.
“Quiet, can’t you see he’s fragile.”  Crowley remarked, which caused Jack to roll his eyes, but he thanked Crowley for getting him out of the situation.
“Oh so like, he needs more bananas.”  Dean said in his “I don’t understand, but I sort of know it” voice.
It seemed that meeting Castiel brought him back to reality, but when he learned of Sam’s whole demon blood addiction, he found himself back with the awful guilt.  The guilt that caused him to completely fall back into his old habits.
When Sam, Dean, and Cas came back from their trip, Jack knew he couldn’t let them see what he was doing.  He started hiding the scale in remote places, the notebook was locked, and he started making excuses for why he wasn’t eating as much as he used to.  The weight loss was easy to hide, as Dean’s clothes tended to swallow him anyway.  Jack had grown sick, but it wasn’t to the point of complete desperation, it was barely recognizable to anyone.
The movement caught the attention of Sam, who quickly walked back into the room.  There was a lot of stress covering his face - and Jack knew what it was from.
“No, they haven’t, not really.”  Jack finally said.  It was almost relieving to get that out into the air.  As long as Cas didn’t ask about food, he’d be fine.
Sometimes Sam would pick him up, and Jack would tell him everything as well, but Sam would tell Jack to ignore it.  They’d stop if he would just pretend that he didn’t hear them, but Jack kept telling Sam that he had tried it.
“So you don’t want to talk about it, huh?”  She asked.  Jack found himself just staring at the ceiling.  He did.
He cursed himself silently, as he pulled a plate of pancakes out of the fridge, which had his name on it - funnily enough.
“That’s just what he does; he cares just as much.”  Sam explained, which did give Jack some closure, but this whole thing was too much.
Jack just awkwardly took the plate out of the fridge, and sat at the small table, while Dean shooed Cas out of the room.  He walked to sit across from Jack - which caused Jack’s heart to speed up.
When Sam had decided to say yes to Lucifer, Dean couldn’t do anything but eat - and puke- and eat again.  He just went numb, and the moment he lost his brother - it just consumed him.
Sam handed Jack the small duffel with his clothes, and they all wandered into the lobby while Dean got the key.  Jack found himself shivering even in the heated lobby - his bag heavy on his shoulder.
“Well yeah, you told me not to.”  Jack pointed out, tugging at the sleeve on his wrinkled flannel.  He stood by the stairs, and one-by-one ended up giving the shortest of hugs to everyone who walked towards him.
“Congrats I guess.”  Sam said, not knowing what else to say without sounding confused or insensitive.
Afterwards, he was wiped, and sat beside one of the matted walls in the gym.  The period was awfully slow-moving, especially because it was the last of the day, before another break, which meant another hunting trip basically the next morning.
Jack found it nice to finally use his powers to defend everyone again.  He was happy to be of help, even if it did take all energy to do so.  He hadn’t realized how exhausted he was, but the lack of food was starting to take a toll on him.  It was almost scary.
“So you do all this, and don’t even know what to say?  How are we supposed to help you then?”  Dean said, peeved again.
“Talk to me.”  Dean said.  Jack kept his gaze on the table.  He found it almost funny, how Dean liked to play therapist with him, yet Dean wasn’t exactly one to open.
It didn’t take longer than a few seconds after being done, and he was pretty much already running up the stairs, to try and get it up.
One of the classic Winchester fights had begun - and it bothered Jack, but he didn’t have the confidence to get in between them.
Jack wasn’t super into the idea, he wanted to hunt like the others, but Cas somehow convinced him to at least try.
“Cas, do you know any of this?”  Jack asked, as Cas was the only one in the room.  Sam was probably either making food, or just doing some research - Dean was Dean, and Jack knew that he was just doing Dean things.  He was already told that Dean would be of no help anyway.
“Yeah.  It’s not something I talk about, but seeing you?  I couldn’t just remain quiet.  It might not do anything, but I just wanted to say sorry.  I know things haven’t been kind to you.”  She said.  Jack couldn’t help but find his cheeks flush.  He had never actually talked to anyone at the school - at least not anyone who wasn’t trying to be mean.
“Just put it by the sink.”  Sam said, and Jack gently placed it before slinking back towards his room.
The whole thing was a ritual now. He had to pee before weighing himself.  It gave him the most accurate reading.
Dean stood in the doorway, entirely exasperated.  He hadn’t slept since he had contacted Jack, and spent his time pacing in the corridor - waiting for sound to be heard through the doors.
“How’re you holding up?”  Dean asked, alcohol already in hand, as he leaned up against the same pillar as Jack.
He was hungry, yes, and that was valid, as four months was quite a bit of time to be stuck underground.
He didn’t have the courage to sit and introduce himself yet, so he just sat at a seemingly empty part of the table with his notebook.  He found that Sam had been in charge of his lunch.  It was far too obvious - and Jack really only wanted the apple.  The rest didn’t look good at all.
Cas was the one who would help him through the homework.  Jack didn’t like the math part of it.  He didn’t understand why he needed to square A and B to get C, but then still had to take the root of that.  It just frustrated him.  He liked English much more.  He got to read this play on a king named Lear.  He was corrupt, just like Lucifer had been.  Jack liked the parallels between the two, which made English his favorite class.  He also was on pretty good terms with the teacher as well.
“You’re sorry.  Yeah, for what?  Destroying yourself-”  Dean said, and Jack was about to speak up.  “No, I don’t care if you’re a Nephilim or a human.  This will destroy you.”  Dean said.
“It’s noon, you’ve been asleep all morning.”  Sam pointed out.  Jack sat back onto the bed, and checked his phone, just to validate.  It was indeed noon.
Jack was left alone for a bit - a hunt was taking so much longer than expected.  What should’ve been a week, ended up being two, and Jack, being left to his own devices just ended up going straight back to eating close to nothing - a comfort that seemed so hard to get back to.
“Yeah, I bet.”  Sam said, and went back to the stove.  Jack shoved the banana into his mouth, and headed back to the table.
It seemed either no one would talk about it, or there’d be some argument in the car later on.  It was just the way it all seemed to work.
Still not satisfied, he put the scale away, and just went straight to the food.  It was all he was thinking about.  The pain was an aside, nothing but hunger brought him in, towards himself.  He just seemed to eat.
He said he loved it, and that he was tired.  It was an excuse to hide in his room, so he wouldn’t be around the snacks on the table.  Dinner was hard enough, but snacks were just there, taunting him.  It would end horribly if he stayed.
Jack gave up on finding a book, but made sure to remember the spot.  He wanted to get away from the kitchen, maybe he could even get out of breakfast by sneaking up the stairs, as everyone was getting down.
“If I haven’t eaten in three days maybe.”  Jack explained, as a bit of a joke.  Claire just rolled her eyes at him.
“Yes?”  He stated, confused, and sat at the table.  A plate of pancakes slid in front of him.  He scrunched his nose, ready for an excuse, but Claire seemed to meet his eye with a look.  It was a daunting stare, which didn’t seem to go away until he actually ate at least a bit of a pancake.
He was preparing to weigh himself, just to keep his mind from getting the better of him, but before he could pull it out, there was a knock on the door.
The spring had fully come to life, and Jack was still in his flannels and jackets.  Sam questioned it once or twice, Cas much more, but Jack found it easier to twist his words with Cas.  He was able to just lie about stress from school, or just from being a nephilim.
“It doesn’t really work like that, I mean, they don’t eat for what, a week?  And then they are in the hospital?”  He pointed out, while keeping his eyes on the screen.
“Siren, most likely, but we’re not entirely sure until we ask around.”  Sam explained, as he made space for the plate being placed in front of him.
The sounds of downstairs were very loud, and echoed all the way through to Jack’s room.  He was just on his laptop when a knock was on his door.
Hiding it wasn’t easy - especially with everyone in the bunker so much more alert to the absolute crap that he was doing.  It was all just frustrating - and Jack knew how easy it would be if he just didn’t have to do this - but no one was actually helping him, and this didn’t go away on its’ own.
It was a good play, but it reminded him of Chuck - and the stories he’d hear from Gabriel.  It wasn’t the easiest play to read, not after being in The Empty, from the tragic run-in with Chuck.
He knew his skin was thinly stretched across his ribs, and that his Iliac Crest stuck out on his back.  He just couldn’t care - not with his energy levels.
“Yeah, we know what we’re doing this time, promise.”  Dean reassure Cas.  Jack was still shifting his fries on the plate, different patterns each time.  He kept his head down, hoping he could deceive them, and it worked, until Dean cleared his throat while keeping his eyes on Jack.
Looking through the numbers listed on the side of the menu listings was all Jack would do - trying to find anything he could eat.  The numbers just scared him - everything was far higher than what he was comfortable with.  He couldn’t do it, and just put the menu down.  He didn’t care if anyone noticed anymore.  It was almost welcome, as he was so tired of feeling like absolute crap.
“There’s a case about three hours from here, some vengeful spirit.  I say we head out tomorrow.”  Dean stated, as Jack put a single slice on his plate, and kept blotting the cheese, to drain the oil.  The calories probably didn’t matter too much, but it was just a precaution.
“I...was curious.”  Jack said, trying to excuse his odd interest in the god-awful eating disorder movies from Youtube.
“I’m not hungry.”  Jack stated, and as he got up, he just fell back down, hitting the floor with his ribs.  Dean just stared over him.
It wasn’t the consistent need for food, no, he had already been dealing with that for ages - now it was the pain that came from it.  Pain was the biggest indicator that something was wrong, something that he wasn’t able to immediately heal.
“He definitely did - what about lunch?  Meet anyone?”  Dean asked, and then winked into the rear-view mirror.  Jack just shook his head.
“He’s not as thin as before - I say that’s progress.”  Dean pointed out.  Sam gave one of his “yeah but” reactions.
The first few days of school, Jack didn’t like it, and he tended to be blunt about it to most of the teachers - they didn’t like it all that much.  They never tried to show distaste, as they were under the assumption that he was homeschooled, so he didn’t have the social skills that most of the other students had.
It showed in how they kept ignoring that anything was really happening, and shoving food in front of Jack thinking that it would solve everything.
“Yeah, uh, Dean and Cas can have the bed.”  Sam explained.  Jack just looked at the couch.  It didn’t look too comfortable, but he didn’t sleep all that much anyway.
“Cas?”  Sam said surprised.  Dean had told Sam about what had happened - not the whole story, but Sam knew that Cas was in the Empty, and that it had wrecked Dean entirely.
Jack shoved himself out of the Impala, and walked straight through the doors.  His legs didn’t quite feel as if they belonged to him, and his conscious, as if he was floating.  His body didn’t feel like his own - he was watching it move.
Jack found himself trying to hide by his locker while taking his shirt off, hoping no one would stare him down.  He swore he could feel eyes on him, but again, people were more intrigued with their own attempts of hiding.
He wanted so often to just chuck them into walls, but he didn’t.  He took the insults, and he basically just let them swallow him.
Dean couldn’t lie.  He liked the way he felt - the ill feeling was also a high.  A better high than any drug or alcohol could achieve.
“You’re already tired, huh.”  Sam pointed out.  Jack just exhaled loudly, and curled up a bit for body heat.  He felt a hand hit his shoe.
He was quiet.  Very quiet, hoping the beast wouldn’t be able to find him in the dark.  His heart was the one thing he could hear - thumping.
“A therapist, like we were told at the hospital, but you ended up saying no, because it’s weak.”  Jack explained.
“Well that’s nice, but still, I’m worried about you, you know.  We all are.”  Dean said, as his voice lowered.  Jack almost wanted to laugh. Dean was never vulnerable, so this was either super serious to Dean, or he was being funny.  Jack didn’t want to think that it was the real deal, but that’s all it could be, really.
Dean would scoff at the idea, but he helped forge all the papers needed to get Jack into a local public school.  They lied about the fact that he really was only five, and said he was 15, going on to 16 in May.
Going to the bathroom right after eating was such an obvious sign, but no one actually would pick up on it without tangible or audible evidence.
“Did anyone want those leftover pancakes in the kitchen?”  Cas asked, and Jack just sat in the backseat, arms crossed, hoping to avoid confrontation.  That was honestly worse than arguing - being cornered and interrogated.  When he was still bullied at school it was a common way of humiliating him.
“I heard you’re in school now, huh?”  She asked.  Jack stood awkwardly, shifting his weight between feet.
Jack pulled his small duffel out of the trunk, and followed Sam to the door.  He wasn’t awfully tired, but the post-purge exhaustion was different.   It was much more of the body being weighed by limbs that felt far heavier than they should be, and his heart beating just slightly too fast, which made it uncomfortable.
“Yeah, really.  I’m fine.”  Jack lied.  He was terrified to make eye contact, as it would give everything away.
“I do not.  I wasn’t granted with the ability to measure lines.”  Cas explained, so Jack just sighed.
“I didn’t see anything I wanted.”  Jack lied.  His left hand was running over his hip bones, again and again and again.  It was calming.
He was far too tired to stay awake, and with it he fell asleep on top of his covers with nothing but boxers on.
Sam called Cas to the room.  He showed Cas everything, and promised Cas to not blame himself.  It was not his fault, it was no one’s fault.
Jack quickly finished, and then put the bowl into the sink.  He slinked away from the now crowded kitchen.  It was bad enough with an eye on him, but multiple?  Awful.  There was already enough anxiety when he ate around others.
“He passed out from a potassium deficiency - not uncommon, but still can be dangerous.”  A feminine voice said.
“I don’t know.  Do you think I’d be here if I knew?”  Jack confessed.  He could feel the blood rush from his face, as his stomach dropped.
They agreed on some animated movie about dogs, which had a title that intrigued Jack.  All Dogs go to Heaven.  He sort of laughed, and confirmed that yes, they do.  Jack noticed the hunger, as the movie started.  It wasn’t awful, but it didn’t feel great either, as there was a bit of pain involved.
There was silence in the room, as everyone was eating, and Cas was staring off into the corner, as per usual.
“I know.  It is getting better now.”  Jack explained, and decided to drag himself back to bed, before the morning weigh-in crossed his mind in detail.
“Yeah.”  He lied - thinking it was enough to get out of talking - but the moment Dean shoved another stupid sandwich into his lap - Jack just couldn’t.
“Dean, stop.”  Cas said.  His voice just as distressed, and his hand lay atop Dean’s.  It was a way of calming Dean.
They got everything that was needed, and enrolled him as a Sophomore in high school.  A school close to the bunker.
People on the streets sometimes stared.  They sometimes gave sad looks - it was worse if he was with anyone else.  They’d stare at either Dean, Sam, or Cas, as if they gave parent sympathy.
He was quite surprised when Dean just threw himself onto Cas in a hug.  Not a bro hug, not a friendly hug, but a close hug.  Dean pulling close with Cas hesitantly accepting, and held Dean’s head in his palm.
He walked into the kitchen to an array of desserts from many different sources.  Fear struck his gaze.
The smell of food seemed to waft through the bunker, as time went on.  It wasn’t a fun notion for Jack, as that meant food was on the horizon, but with other angels - it might be easier to eat close to nothing.
So it was now just a month in, and he started to feel like he was going insane.  The food was a way of control - broken control.  He found it becoming a nightly thing - just something to do before he went to bed.
Sam mentioned the wrist to Dean, who seemed to pass it on to Cas, who seemed more worried now.  It seemed they all were starting to catch on.
Dean ended up walking in next.  Jack just kept his eyes on the bowl, trying to avoid eye contact.  He felt heat radiate from his cheeks - embarrassed.
He walked down the stairs, and into the large room before the library.  It was something different.  The night before, someone had laid presents down underneath the tree, probably after Jack had escaped to his room.
“Yeah, sure, just don’t go running off super far, or get distracted.  I’d like this done as early as possible.”  Sam stated, as the food arrived.
“It was cold.”  Jack said.  He continued into the library, hoping to get away from his room and laptop.  It got boring, and sometimes just overwhelmed him.
“No.  It feels good.”  Jack said.  He couldn’t lie about the high.  He constantly chased the first binge, the first purge, the first week of starving.  He could never feel good, not anymore.
“They keep asking me questions.  About food.  I’m sick of talking about it.  I just want to be left alone.”  Jack said, his voice raising and lowering.
Except for the fact that it really sucked.  Pain wasn’t common, but the acid was, and it was always vile.
“I’m not hungry right now.  Maybe later, ok?”  Jack said, and went to head to his room.  He frankly wanted to be alone, to unwind from the last week of stress.
Jack sat upon the table - his hands shaking, and the small scratches upon his wrist burned - only slightly.  They tended to itch much more.
He felt Claire’s eye on him, well, more on the exposed skin.  His shirt had accidentally rode up during the shift, but if he would pull it down, it’d be more suspicious.  He just left it, ignored it, and hoped it wasn’t too much.
He eventually found some sushi, and happily handed it to Sam, who thought nothing of it.  They paid, and went back to the motel for research - which usually was Sam’s job.  Jack was mainly there for the physical stuff - and for moral support, assumedly.
“Yeah, and that’s why you ended up in the hospital - Jack, I’ve seen some dumb things in my life, but this - it’s worse than stupid.  Just eat the damn sandwich, it’s not hard.”  Dean said in an outburst.
“It’s time for pie.”  Dean reminded Jack, who got up.  Basically that was just a keyword for either get into the kitchen or it actually meant pie.  Jack could never tell with Dean.
The car stopped, and Jack looked out the window of the Impala.  They had made it to the motel in Wisconsin.
Jack started walking, as running wasn’t the biggest thing on his list.  He just struggled through the heaviness in his body, until he spooked when someone touched his shoulder.
Cas and Dean never really questioned the change in habits - they just assumed that Jack was adjusting to a normal life.  Sam seemed to sometimes observe Jack during dinner.  He never seemed worried though, just observant of Jack.  Probably just a bit of a reflex from a parent - Jack would assume.
The bullying didn’t get much worse throughout September, but it definitely didn’t get better.  Jack found that ignoring it wasn’t helping.  He still felt awful when it happened, and now that the brown-haired girl - her name was Ryan, and she definitely didn’t seem to like Jack.  It was weird.  He had said hi to her on the first day, trying to be nice, and after he realized they had Geography together, he wanted to try and befriend her.
Jack was just a problem.  He had to just exist - defend himself for something that was both not his fault and entirely his fault.
“About what?”  Jack asked.  He started to pick the waffle apart, making small pieces that felt much safer.
“Not going to be a problem anymore.”  Dean said, and started to get closer, realizing it had been a week since he had last showered.  One of the more embarrassing parts of his inability to cope.  Cas found himself backing away, still terrified of Dean’s response.
Homeroom was quiet.  He sat in his corner - the one he chose after the ridicule had started - and now he was just here - quiet, as friends was out of the question.  Letting anyone in would be bad news - more than just the eating thing - the whole Lucifer’s son thing as well.
The bullying didn’t end. It lessened for sure, as he was no longer the new kid.  It wasn’t a novelty to bully him, just a bit of boredom relief when they needed it.  Jack complained less during the car rides home, or during calls on bus rides.  He had started to recluse himself.  He learned to lie, as things had started to become far too obvious.
It was bad now.  Dean had absolutely binged and purged many times in the past week - far more than what was considered normal.  No one seemed to notice, nor care.  Which was absolutely due to the fact that he never really lost loads of weight.  It was part of the curse that came with bulimia.  He looked normal to the outside world, and even to Sam.
“I can’t, Sam.”  Jack said, quietly.  He looked down, his eyes fixating on a piece of dust that kept brushing across the table.
School had let out for winter break, leaving Jack to be at home all day.  They had all done a hunt during the first few days of the break, taking Jack along.  It was a little more awkward.  He had to leave his scale and his notebook in his room, and he’d have to somehow keep restricting while having basically all three of his dads watching him.  They knew something was up, but Jack just said he was adjusting.  Life was so different.  He reassured them it would eventually get better.
Obviously it doesn’t go without fear, but there was always the crutch of purging.  Being a Nephilim made it almost too easy to avoid the negative parts of it.  Any damage was immediately healed - so he basically had a free pass to puke whenever.
Jack noticed his scale just out in his room - so he made a mental note to put that away after weighing himself.
Some nights he’d still be up at 3 am, over a toilet, just trying to get whatever stupid thing he binged on.  It wasn’t diner food, nor was it crappy gas station burritos, no this was actual food, and it never settled well with his digestive track, which never quite healed up.
Dean was the one who tended to pick him up when they weren’t on a far off hunt.  He’d drive by in the Impala, usually music would be blaring, and Jack was relieved to hear the familiar engine.   He’d get in, and this was the time where Jack would talk about the bullying.  He’d complain the most about the one girl, with the long brown hair, who’d point out how weird it was to eat at least two candy bars for lunch.  Jack couldn’t figure out why, and no one would tell him.  He didn’t only eat chocolate, it was only when Dean let him pack his lunch.  Sam and Cas actually tried to explain the importance of nutrition.
He’d leave school early on Tuesdays and Thursdays for therapy.  Dean would pick him up in the Impala, and they’d stop to get food.  Jack would pick at it until Dean mentioned it, and Jack would just slowly eat, awkwardly.  He didn’t like eating in the car, especially not with Dean watching over him like a hawk - only through side-eyes.
Dean had promised to keep it from Cas, and especially Sam - who would play therapist the moment he knew.
After a few months of complete time off, they had decided to start hunting again, but only throughout Kansas and a few neighboring states.  Nothing that would have them travel for more than a day or two.  It was just a way to integrate themselves back into life.  They couldn’t just get normal jobs, and live normal lives.  They were meant to hunt, it was all they could do, so it had become their therapy.
Dean would sit with Jack some days, if he was around.  He tried to ease Jack, as he assumed the stress of school just loaded itself upon Jack.
The door opened, revealing Jody, who had apparently just got home.  She smiled, as she let them inside.  Jack awkwardly stood in the living room, while she closed the door.
Sam was actually cooking food, and a whole bunch of it - which meant there would be a lot of it, and he was expected to eat.
“There’s leftover waffles in the fridge, if you’re looking for food.”  Dean pointed out.  Jack just shook his head.  He was unsure if food would even feel safe, or if he was still trying to get over the night before.
“After this, let’s split off again.  Sam, you and Jack, go ask around, research potential nests.  Cas and I, we’ll go prepare for the raid later.”  Dean suggested.
“All around, we’ve got enough space to house.”  Sam stated.  He was observing Jack, and the small movements of his body.  Sam hadn’t realized exactly how skinny Jack had become, but it was obvious.
He was officially a target, and Dean kept trying to convince him that it was just from being new, and that it would stop soon.
“Let’s say we hit up another diner, grab something.”  Dean suggested, as he tended to do, and Jack found himself with a sharp inhale.  He frankly didn’t exactly feel up to food, which was ironic, knowing that the feeling was brought on by hunger.
Jack quietly put fries into napkins, slipped them into his pockets, and excused himself to the bathroom, hands in his pockets, hiding the mass of ripped up potato.
Jack spent some time in headphones, watching some strange movies, which was a usual pastime of his for right after school - but it seemed to change from the most usual movies, to documentaries on food.
By the time he had entered the third trimester of the year, the bullying had almost completely diminished, as he integrated himself into the school.  He was no longer new at all, just the weird skinny kid who never ate.  He was now just struggling with himself, and the addiction to the starving.  There were no longer any outside problems, just Jack facing Jack.
He noticed how the weather started to change in September, and the leaves changed.  He always liked the way they changed.
Pain, there was a lot of - as well as the burning.  Sometimes it just burned, and sometimes the food itself caused his teeth to hurt.  He was a nightmare, breaking apart at every seam, as if it had already broken once, repaired, and broken again.
“Jack, uh, he had an issue for a bit.  With food.  He wouldn’t eat...well, not a lot.”  Sam said, tripping over the words - it was obvious that the words were hard to say.
He wasn’t obsessed with the scale, no, but it was there,  and it kept nagging him.  Literally every house in suburbia had one, which Dean never quite understood.
“No...no, not at all.  They stopped a week ago, haven’t bothered me since.”  Jack explained.  He found his hands running up and down his collarbones.  He found it calmed him down.
Jack ended up running into Cas as he walked out into the library, who was just being Cas and standing, staring.
Noticeable on his body now - he noticed how thin he had become, but he couldn’t lie to himself.  He liked it - really.  It was the thing he was working for, and he had really surpassed his goal weight.  He didn’t even care when he had arrived there, no, he just had to keep going.
“Fine, really.”  Jack said, which wasn’t a lie.  Jack really didn’t feel horrible.  Being a Nephilim meant that healing was short.
Pale and his jaw was always swollen - a side effect from purging that never went over well.  He found it pretty funny - how no one even questioned the sickly appearance anymore.
“Ok, I’ll help.  It wasn’t hard to get.”  Jack said, as he started writing down his own observations, and let the other two put them together, so they had something to turn in by the end of class.
Jack was quiet, and with it he stared down the fries.  He wanted to eat them,  really, but it felt as if he couldn’t.  Something was stopping him.
Cas was out of the shower, and Dean quickly snuck in.  The shower was his best way of hiding the puking.
“Wait, what’dya mean?”  Claire asked, concerned.  It was something that Jack hadn’t seen from her, a side that wasn’t so sharp.  With it he wanted his walls to come down - but they stood strong.  No soul could knock them down in their current state.
Jack tried scanning the menu for something he could eat without the guilt that would plague him.  He ordered the same thing as earlier - until Dean interjected, ordering another thing of fries to go along with it.  Jack couldn’t help but feel a fear in his blood - and he made sure to hide it.
Jack said nothing. He wasn’t hungry, but it was again, Dean who shoved a plate in front of him. He looked up with fear in his eyes. He wasn’t in the state of mind for food - even if he wanted it.
especially in restriction (at least not in my experience, but even in my worst moments, I wasn't dramatic - but drama makes stories fun)
“I didn’t mean for it come off as rude, it’s just, we’re worried.”  Sam stated, and Jack found himself peeking.  He was tired of it all - really, but he just couldn’t get better, or eat, or gain weight - not now.  He had just gotten to a place where his body wasn’t giving him awful anxiety.
He quickly shoved himself into the car - shoulders forward.  It was obvious that he was on the verge of melting.  Dean noticed.
Sounds of distress came from another corner of the cave, which sounded too much like Sam being dragged, so Jack had to act quick.   He flew to the sight, and found himself beside Cas, who had acted just as quick.
“No, it’s different, can’t be hunted, or killed with a silver bullet.  He needs support, not brute force.”  Sam explained.
Jack wasn’t keen on therapy - not when it was mandated by the hospital, and not now.  The lady, Laura, kept asking him questions - and they were all questions that he didn’t want to answer.  They were hard, and Jack always wanted to leave.
“So, what’s the case again?”  Cas asked, as he sat by the full glass of water, while his fingers ran against each other.
He found that after a particularly long time of being alone, while the three were off on a long hunt, that he had changed.  Jack had done research on his own, about weight and losing it.  He bought a scale and a notebook, hoping to track everything he could.  This was beginning to consume him, and with it, well, it made it much easier to take the other students and their teasing.  All he cared about was getting the numbers to go down.
Not that it had ever really gotten better.  Dean had just picked up bad habits from his upbringing.  The starvation to ensure Sam could eat, and then when he had food - the binging - to ensure he had food.
Dinner went fine, Jack ended up just eating much more than usual, probably from the whole apple-for-lunch thing.
He heard the bunker door close, which meant they had arrived.  Jack left the bowl of cereal on the wooden table, and stood to meet them.
It was frustrating, yes, for the number to not go down - but it also made it easier to hide for Jack.  Dean was off of his trail, as he proved that he ate more than what Dean called “rabbit food”.
“No-no.  Not really.”  Jack said, trying to hide his feelings, but his cheeks definitely remained red.
Here it was scary - everyone was eating the same time.  Eyes were everywhere, and if he didn’t eat - they wouldn’t let him hear the end of it.
Dinner was strange.  Jack couldn’t shake the feeling that it was too much.  He just wanted to be left alone at school, and maybe this would help.  Jack tried eating less at dinner, hoping it would maybe be the solution.
“Sometimes it’s hard to be around new people, especially after everything you’ve been through.  It’s ok to not feel like you belong, especially because you’re not human.”  Cas explained.  Jack had stopped thinking of purging, and started to grow drowsy again.
Those were risky, and when he had a chance, Jack walked into the kitchen, the disgusting globs of food in his hoodie pocket.
“Kenzie.”  She said, and gently smiled.  Jack couldn’t help but feel slightly better, knowing he wasn’t alone.
While the heat of the argument raged, Jack dragged his body up to his room - drowning out the noise.
His hair did fall out, not a lot, but it was starting to grow more noticable, along with undiagnosable pain.  Something was haywire, but he didn’t know what, or why.  Damage had ensued - damage that began to accumulate.
He found himself hunched over the toilet, and the sounds were hopefully being masked with the water.
Dean seemed to point it out later, once the massive amount of dessert food had been served.  Jack was in the kitchen, helping to take some of the food out.  He had prepared  some of it, as it put him at ease.  Watching others eat, while he was there, starving.
“How’d you sleep?”  Cas asked.  Jack shrugged, as he prepared his bag.  The early morning light really let itself be known through the window - illuminating the large room in a very soft light.
“No.  I’m vegetarian now.”  Jack said suddenly, hoping to avoid eating the abundance of meat that seemed to spread along the table.
It was awkward.  Having everyone in the bunker know was awkward, but it wasn’t awful.  They didn’t really force him to eat, but they definitely guilt tripped him quite a bit - which was annoying.  He was still reluctant to eat - it wasn’t like some magical cure to have the world know about his disorder - no, it just meant that now he had a large sign on his back that just said “SICK”.
“Isn’t it a little too cold to not wear pants?”  Cas asked, genuinely curious.  Jack just looked down, his cheeks flushed.
“Sometimes you need to ignore it, as hard as it is.  Mostly they’re just bored.”  Cas explained - Jack just nodded.  He wasn’t really into the conversation.  He knew they’d stop if he just lost more weight, that was the reason they kept doing it, right?
“Food’s in the fridge if you’re hungry.”  Sam told him, and Jack couldn’t figure out if Sam was about to stay - watching, or if he was on his own to put some crumbs on a plate and pretend it was breakfast.
“I promise we’ll make it exciting.  C’mon, let’s head home.  I bet the tree will be up.”  Sam said, and Jack grabbed his bag from the bed, disappointed, and just as he expected - he was googling the calories in breakfast sandwiches, choosing the highest one, and basically freaking out over the stupid rice - still moping over sleeping too much.
Jack was just hyper aware of all the hatred he had for himself - and it manifested into a fear of judgement from others.
“Ok, but I’m really excited for tomorrow, actually.”  Jack said, as it was Christmas day, which was apparently presents.  The exciting thought - as he was still a child, really.
October was beginning to come to its’ close, and with it came the signs of frigid winter air.  The leaves had now fully fallen off of the trees, leaving the trees barren.  Jack had kept himself in check - still eating the same 700 calories, hoping it’d be the stupid solution to his problems.
The expression on his face was unrecognizable when he saw Cas back in the flesh, standing, and just as disheveled.
He chucked the napkins into the trash, and stared his reflection down for a few minutes.  The awful way his eyes just gave everything away.  There was too much heart in his eyes, especially with how dead his body seemed to appear.
“I’m not here to tease or anything.  I actually wanted to apologize.”  She said, calmly.  Jack just kept his gaze straight front.
“Oh, right.”  Claire said, and went back to her food.  Jack’s gaze shifted back to the floor, until a hand touched his shoulder.  He looked up to find Dean.
“I’m fine, really.”  He said, and his heart rate increased again.  Jack was avoiding Dean, knowing too damn well that they would stop for food on the way home, and another long argument would be had - all in stares.
“Technically they can still weaken, which makes it harder to heal.”  Cas pointed out, emotionlessly.
“Alright, so, we’ll burn the bitch, and get out as fast as possible.  I hate these things.”  Dean explained.  They were now deep into the woods.  Jack was tired, and Cas was confused.  He wasn’t the biggest fan of forested areas.
“Jack, are you sure you’re ok?”  Dean asked, suddenly.  Jack’s shoulders dropped a bit.  Part of him wanted to explain everything that was happening, but there was something holding him back - completely.
It was a Saturday when Jack got the text from Sam - that they were on their way back, and close.  He woke up with the vibration.
The morning sun seemed to blind him, as he blinked his eyes open.  Sam was apparently already awake, and had gotten breakfast when Jack pushed himself off of the bed.
He stood with his back to the wall, the water beating down on his skin; he cherished the warmth, as he pulled himself up, and rid of the taste.
Being deceptive kind of sucked, especially when the one thing that doesn’t heal are the small red bruises on his knuckles.  They just seemed to remain, almost screaming at him.  It seemed his powers were definitely weaker when he didn’t really eat, but it was only small things that let him know.
“Jack, what’s all this?”  Sam asked, his voice on the verge of cracking.  He wasn’t the stable one in these situations.
Dean just shoved Cas aside, and drove for hours, first to see Bobby, then to just eat and puke until nothing else seemed to matter, and with his throat completely burnt out - he went to Lisa, broken, puke on his breath, and having nothing left.
also this won't end up stupid long, I hope (unlike everything that ends up with 30+ chapters of nonsense)
Jack shoved his already blistering middle finger into his throat, and just puked what he could, hoping it was all, but nothing ever came out purely on the first try.
Jack finished the first piece, and spent so much time trying to not touch anything else.  He was still hungry, mentally and physically.  He was always so stupidly hungry.
“I don’t know.  Sam just also asked the same question.”  Jack stated, blatantly.  Dean just noticed Sam in the same room, in the corner.
“Yeah, and it’s kind of concerning.”  Dean pointed out, trying to keep his usual tone of sarcasm in his voice.  Jack found himself sitting in the small chair, across from his bed.
He popped in every few days, but didn’t stay long; he just asked a few questions and left in the usual Gabriel fashion - Jack assumed Crowley would have been a better choice.
Semester two.  Jack wasn’t exactly excited, no, it was just a chore that he had to get through, and it would probably be a few weeks before he could go hunt again - which was his only relief from the strange mundane of normal life.
Footsteps in the hall, which caused Jack to quickly cease moving.  He waited for a bit, as he assumed that Cas was entering into Dean’s room, either to be on the same bed, or just to be present.
It wasn’t until later, when he was interrogated by Ryan’s posse.  They had laughed at the number, but why?  Jack didn’t know why it mattered so much, but it hurt.
“They’re probably gonna be gone, you know, you should eat now.”  Dean pointed out.  Jack could tell there were hints of frustration and some worry in his voice.
It had gone from something so stupidly habitual, to the only thing he still hung onto from his past.
Dean and Cas had decided to stay behind at the bunker, because Cas insisted he wanted to decorate the entire library for the holidays - and as much as Dean didn’t want to stay, he didn’t want to leave Cas alone either; the last time hadn’t ended well at all.
He shoved himself onto the cold, hard floor, so he could try to at least heal partially.  He wasn’t the best at it, not anymore.  His body didn’t quite have the energy.  It was slower, much slower, and with the extent of all the stuff he was doing, well, he could never quite let it heal.  There was always a slowly increasing amount of destruction on his body.
Silence was the main sound on the way through the city, and while Sam questioned bars and other forms of nightlife - Jack just sat in the car, trying not to fall asleep.
Food had started to become difficult - Jack noticed the way his body started to fight back, as predicted.  He ended up eating far too much some nights, and it’d just be this awful feeling he had to sit with.
He awoke under his covers, which meant Cas had probably gotten bored of watching Dean, and ended up tucking him into bed.
Jack was used to yelling - just not about him - it had usually been about Chuck or some demon - and Cas, before Dean got over himself and actually came out.
The concept of working with other people wasn’t easy - but after this class, Jack found it bearable.  He couldn’t lie - he liked Cole, especially after figuring out his name wasn’t Cory.  He also liked Jane.  They were nice to him - and not in a pity sort of way.  They were actually nice, as if he was a human.
“That does make sense.”  He stated. They finished watching the movie. Unsatisfied, Jack asked if she wanted to watch another.
Dean couldn’t help but feel nothing.  This wasn’t the ending he had predicted, nor had hoped for.  There was still a gaping hole.
It was only with Jack’s help that Dean could even try to contact Cas - who had to then fight his way from the Empty, and eventually stumbled back through the bunker in the same state and the same room that he had left.
After Sam had checked into they motel, they ended up going for food.  With Sam, Jack felt less scared, as Sam just took him to a grocery store.  Jack tried to hide the fact that he was searching desperately for a label that didn’t feel awfully high.  With every person that passed, he’d look up and hope it just wasn’t Sam.
He knew he had to eat, otherwise things would not end nicely.  Jack placed a single slice of pie on his plate.  He picked at it for a bit, until he met with Dean’s glare.  An angry glare, which didn’t go away until he took a bite.  Jack saw a relief come over Dean that he had never seen.
The biggest decision was to put Jack into school.  He had learned to control his powers, and even be quiet about everything that had happened.  It was Sam’s decision, as he knew it probably was a good idea to just get Jack some form of schooling before giving the option of college.
Once Sam had finished in the kitchen, he walked out to take Jack to school, as Dean usually slept until noon, which Sam usually showed his dismay towards.
Things hadn’t improved.  Jack was getting worse, but in a different way.  He wasn’t feeling quite like himself at all, granted, he hadn’t felt like himself for quite some time.
The world wasn’t ending anymore.  Heaven wasn’t at war.  Hell finally got Crowley back, who pulled it all from straight chaos.  Chuck had run away again, without a hold on anyone - but this time it was just a decision, so nothing could go wrong with his hand.  Castiel had somehow called his deal off with The Empty - with the help of Billie.  Jack was alive, with his soul somehow a part of him again, and Dean got to finally tell Cas everything he wanted, resulting in a very intense “I love you”.  “ I know.”
“It’s a new thing I’m trying.  Being vegetarian.”  Jack said, but Claire furrowed her brows in confusion.  It brewed some self-doubt in Jack’s body.
Jack could feel all eyes upon him, and some were concerned.  When he looked up there was only a single pair of eyes on him.  Cas, who seemed to have nothing better to do than stare at his son, who was picking a single roll of bread apart, but not eating anything.
“Earlier, at dinner…,”  She trailed off, obviously unsure of what to say.  Jack suddenly felt his body run cold.  This would not be easy, and it was not about his harmless crush.  His heart rate had started to pick up, while Claire’s cheeks also started to run red.  She inhaled deeply.  “You’re not vegetarian, huh?  And you were hungry, obviously.”  She pointed out.  The blood seemed to run from his head.
Somehow it felt like a challenge.  Dean was not about to stop some of the only habits that gave him comfort.
Sometimes he’d find himself in a state of reminiscing  over a dark toilet bowl- remembering the old motel rooms, and the way Cas would just try to talk him out of it, every time he did it - but it never worked.  Dean just liked the sentiment.
He had acquired a strange obsession with food.  The longer he went with restricting, the more obsessed he was becoming with food.  It was strange, but apparently not uncommon.  Watching the videos seemed to feed his obsession, as well as turn him off of food - even though he just wanted it all the time.
“It’s obviously eating him, but with Jack, you know, he can get angry, and that never ends well,”  Dean said, as he walked up the stairs towards Cas, who was absolutely in distress.  “He’ll let us know if something happens, you know that.”  Dean said, trying to reassure himself, but the doubt never left.
During his “final year”, Dean found himself just not caring, literally at all.  He just had to hide it, but he just couldn’t really take it seriously.  Sometimes it was not eating that felt better, sometimes it was eating and puking while Sam was asleep.  He was ok with binging in front of Sam, but the purging wasn’t anything he wanted Sam to find.
“I mean, it’s not something that’ll happen overnight, but I-we just want to see you be ok.”  Sam explained.
The tree was Cas’s idea as well, and he absolutely had to choose the largest one, which ended up by the stairs.
“Kline.”  Jack heard the teacher say, so he got up, and walked towards the room.  Eyes seemed to burn into his back as he left.
His mind was racing with every single way he could try to burn the food off, so he could lose the weight again - when it was really, probably not anything more than temporary weight.
The rest of the night seemed to go so smoothly.  Everyone somehow had received something, and Jack had a brand new notebook.  He knew what it was for the moment his hands touched the leather binding.
No one could claim that he ate nothing, and still, all signs did not point to him.  Only some of the did.
“We’re not doing this right.  None of it.”  Sam pointed out.  Dean looked up, with a mouthful of sad looking pancake.
“Phones get boring after a while, and besides, it’s your first Christmas, you shouldn’t be spending it alone,”  She pointed out.  “Cool if I sit?”
“Nothing, really.”  Jack lied.  He thought maybe it could work, to get them all off of his back.  Dean gave him a stern look.  Jack’s heart rate seemed to increase.  He knew he was busted, but he didn’t want to stop.  This was all too much, but if he’d break, well, it’d be awful.
“I’m not saying that, I’m just saying that this is also traumatic, just in a different way.  Dean, we’re done saving the world.  This is life, something we haven’t quite experienced before.”  Sam said.
Jack was scouring the menu for anything, but it was already too late for him to consume anything.  The feeling of food in his stomach before sleeping, it was awful.
Silence seemed to continue, while the large amount of voices downstairs began to quiet, as people began to fall asleep and branch off into different rooms.  With the silence, Jack could feel his heartbeat, as well as hear it in his ear.  Calm and completely rhythmic, unlike some of the stuff he read - about the irregular heartbeat that happens, and even the hair loss that should have occurred by now.
“Eating disorders are hard.  Like an addiction.  Jack developed it because of bullying, we know that, but as the bullying subsided, he was still feeling high from the starving.  It became a coping mechanism.”  She explained to Dean.
Jack just retreated to his room, leaving a half-full plate.  He felt an odd heaviness in his body, as he sat on his bed.  It wasn’t comfortable - he didn’t like the feeling at all.  It made him feel fat - frankly.  He just felt gross.
“Don’t tell anyone, please.”  Jack said, concerned.  He trusted Claire, but if the word got to anyone else, they’d figure it out far too quickly.
There was a weird contraption in the room; they had called it a scale apparently, as they explained the test.  It was on weight - they had to lift a certain percent of their weight, so this was to measure that.
“Jack?”  Claire asked.  Her tone of voice had changed.   Quiet, hesitant.  She didn’t sound scared, but he swore that Claire was never scared - not even when confronted with packs of werewolves.
There wasn’t a lot of change in two weeks.  The weather was still gloomy, Jack was still puking into the bushes after dinner, and everyone else was frustrated with him.
Throughout the sadness, he searched for other crap, just to fill the hunger that seemed to grow worse.  So much worse.  He had known there were consequences for starving, but he thought he’d be different, that he’d never feel them because he was a Nephilim, and not human.
“I don’t want to talk.”  Jack said.  His throat dry, and his white knuckles brushed with red marks - exactly where his teeth tend to scrape.
Jack wasn’t having it.  People kept pushing food, when all he wanted was some understanding, closure on some of the trauma that he experienced before his life had become normal.  He didn’t want pancakes, nor someone to sit there and keep telling him that everything would be ok.
“Yeah, he’s fine, not the first time we’ve done this.”  Sam reassured Jack, and they continued to wait.
The constant fluctuations of numbers bothered him, but it was apparently normal, he learned from a quick google search.  They were annoying, yes, but not completely infuriating.  He just learned when things would change, and how it felt when the numbers would go down or up.
The best part of the day was when Dean showed up in the Impala, half an hour later than the end of the day.  He still smelt like smoke, presumably from some form of fire.
He stared at the food, and then at his dresser, as behind it, he had hidden his scale.  He wanted to stand on it, and just go back to bed.
It was a weird night, and Jack had gone to sleep earlier than usual.  He found himself wishing the world was still being threatened.  It felt better than this stuff.  He couldn’t even hunt, or be a Nephilim.  He was just Jack.
There was a Wendigo back in Colorado, which was really the perfect spot.  The large forest areas, vast amount of hikers, the Rocky Mountains.  It was only the perfect spot.
“Well, then he’s fine, right?”  Cas asked, as he climbed the stairs to reach higher up points on the tree.
“Yes.”  Jack said - fibbing.  He wanted nothing more than to be left alone.  This was the absolute worst time to be seen by anyone.
But his weight remained stagnant with the amount of food he was required to eat - as Sam made sure he was at least eating something throughout the day.
“Why don’t you like christmas, Sam?”  Jack finally asked, breaking the silence.  Sam shook his head.
It took sometime, and while Jack was working on the final few problems, Sam was going through his bag, and found the mostly full bag of food.
This - it was more just a side effect of starvation.  Jack was used to it.  He even welcomed the feeling - it meant he was succeeding.
The break seemed to end, and Jack went back with a new confidence. Maybe he would be left alone for once. He already seemed to find himself blending in, as if he was small enough to just disappear.
“Jack is a nephilim, he can’t die, even if he destroys his body.  That said, Sam is right.  Jack is just as stressed as before.”  Cas said.
Jack had noticed the way his body was different, as he stood in front of the bathroom mirror.  He noticed the little ways his bones brushed closer to his skin.  The sharper angle of his hip bones, ribs, and chest.  It was almost satisfying - if he could relax and not have to constantly run and hide with the fear of anyone seeing.
“You trying to run from breakfast?”  She asked.  Jack found himself shocked at the accuracy of her statement, and nodded slowly.
“Not to be rude Dean, but you too.”  Cas said.  Dean just ignored the comment, as they walked through the winding the hallways, and upwards to the main floor.  Sam was chilling in the library, as Eileen wandered down the stairs, freshly showered.
Jack ended up at the library table again, with some small plate of whatever Sam had tried to make.  He could trust Sam, and his food.  It was usually better than when Dean made anything.  Jack never really ate any of Dean’s food - the excuse of it being too greasy seemed to work just fine.
Jack quickly hid the scale away again, and wandered downstairs, just to see what was happening.  The best case scenario was Claire being down there, but he knew she was a late-sleeper, like Dean.  It was more than likely that Sam was down there.
“Again, he’s fine now.”  Dean said again - making sure that conversation could be over as soon as it needed to.
It reminded the brothers of the time where the biggest evil was Yellow Eyes, where they’d road trip to the case, stay in dingy motels, while trying to find their dad.  It was bittersweet.  There was truly a question of “what now?”.
He went to wash the dishes with Sam, who seemed to grab quick glances at Jack’s shoulder, and sometimes they’d meet eyes for a second, before Sam quickly looked back at his own plate.
“Don’t fall asleep yet, we’re still getting food.”  Dean said, and Jack slowly pushed himself off of the bed.  Standing up almost had him on the floor again, as his knees buckled.  He caught his balance, only after catching Sam’s jacket.
“Yeah.  Really, I’m fine.”  Jack reassured Cas, but it seemed that wasn’t enough.  Cas ended up sitting across from Jack, again.  Jack snuck the wrapped candy bars into the pockets of his shorts.
Teachers asking, Jack would push them away.  He didn’t really have friends, not yet.  His social skills weren’t quite there yet, but he wasn’t as bad as he had been.
“I uh...welcome back.”  Dean said, unsure of what else to say.  His emotionally constipated brain didn’t quite understand how to reciprocate his own feelings.  In hindsight, Cas probably felt just as bad.
“Yeah, obviously.”  Jack ratted.  He walked back to the table.  Sam ended up with all the bags, so he grumbled back up the stairs.
Jack just felt like an object - some form of sick object that required sympathy - even though he absolutely hated sympathy.
Jack’s heart was beating out of his chest as he sat.  He reached for a roll of bread to pick at, so his plate wouldn’t be blatantly empty.  The voices of everyone talking all at once echoed throughout the library, while Jack sat quietly, picking apart the roll, trying to keep his eyes down.
Jack wanted nothing more than to stay up and do a bunch of completely useless exercise in his room, but he his body just didn’t want it, and he crashed while his computer was still on.
Still going down. It wasn’t as fast as the first few months, but that usually happened. Metabolism slowed. He wasn’t fully an angel, so human body functions existed.
Cas had left to shower, and rinse the lasting effects of the Empty off of his body, and Dean found his only desire to consume the kitchen to be strong.  Even with Cas back, the habit never left, and Dean was absolutely not going to give it up.
Christmas was something they had never celebrated, but with the end of the world not happening anytime soon - it seemed they had plans.  Sam didn’t really like the idea, but he had come around to the idea.  Inviting some old friends, familiar faces.  Jodi, and all of them, Garth, they even asked Crowley if he wanted to join them.  It was one of the strangest ideas they’ve had, but it only seemed the right thing to do, after everything that they had put him through.
It took a long silence, and Dean getting just a bit angry before Jack could actually speak.  He definitely had moments where only breath came out - and none of the time was spent looking at anything but the floor.
“Jack said he needs understanding, more support.  He’s going through something pretty traumatic.”  Sam explained.
Biology wasn’t fun either, because they never said anything about Nephilim, just humans.  Jack felt even more out of place, and sometimes he would ask almost suspicious questions.
No, it was his own stupid addiction.  The way he basically starved himself as a kid - to take care of Sam, and when food was available, he’d end up just eating everything he could.  It was just some stupid thing he did as a kid.  He had gotten over it by the time he had gone to find Sam back at Stanford.
Jack was observing one dish on the kitchen table with intense intrigue, trying to figure out the contents.  He found oil to be a part of it, causing him to shake his head.
Jack pulled his hoodie over himself again, and walked towards the gym floor, where others started to run.
Jack threw wrappers in the trash as he went along, watching another mindless show, just to feel less like he wanted to just off himself.
The other kids were really the part that Jack hated.  His teachers were nice, but the other kids seemed opposite.  They weren’t physical, which was probably a good thing, because Jack promised he wouldn’t use his powers for the time he spent at school.  They did tease him, mainly because of how awkward he was, as it placed a target on his back.  It seemed to hurt worse, as Jack wanted to make friends with the other students.  They would act as if they were nice, but just constantly use backhanded compliments to tease Jack.
Talk of school was mixed in with tales of ghosts, demons, wraiths, werewolves, and much more.  It was both screwed up, but also completely normal - Jack preferred the hunting talk more than school, as normal life was almost more terrifying to talk about.
Jack was hungry for the rest of the day - but it was better than whatever the hell Sam had concocted.
“What would help you?  Sam was asking how to help.”  The therapist asked.  Jack just looked to the floor.
“Sorry.”  He noticed one of Taylor’s old friends behind him.  Dread washed over him, as he braced himself for the teasing to start again.
“Look.  I know that school hasn’t been easy on you, really, it’s been quite the opposite.”  Cas explained.  Jack just looked down at his wrists, observing the way his bones moved under the thin skin.
“Wait, you’re telling me Jack’s doing this?”  Dean asked again - his “worried mom” voice starting to show.
The first day back was already awkward.  Dean had brought food back, when they had gotten back.  Jack found himself freezing.  He hadn’t exactly eaten yet, so he would be fine.  It was just crazy - how fast the fears manifested.  He was still ok with the concept of fast food a week ago - but now, it just felt weird.  It wasn’t scary, or debilitating.  It was just a strange concept.
“I know, I’ve already asked him about it.”  Dean said.  He was definitely worried, and even when Jack reassured him - it didn’t feel real.
One turned to two, then three, then four, then it was the box.  Jack quickly stuck it into the trash, as panic began to set in.  He was scared, but it seemed to not be enough.
Jack crawled into bed.  He felt a strange pang of hunger in his body.  He couldn’t help but find the reminiscing strange.  Part of him wished that he was just normal again.  It had only been two months, but it never actually occurred to him that he couldn’t actually just stop.
When it came time for food, Jack seemed scared.  He apparently was visibly nervous, which mainly caused concern for Cas.  He was asked many times if he was fine.  Jack said he was, and reassured Cas so many times.
“Yes.”  He said, nervous.  The whole bullying thing hadn’t stopped, even when Dean kept reassuring him that it was only because of being new.
“No.  I guess I’ll have some breakfast.”  Jack sighed, defeated.  Dean handed him a takeout box with pancakes inside.
Jack was washing the plates with Sam, who looked towards him, as his sleeve slipped just enough to see how boney his wrist had become.  The veins seemed to bulge just a bit out of skin.  The skin seemed to stretch so thin over his hands, causing the bones to jut just as much.
Sometimes he’d force himself to eat less the next day, to make up for it.  It was the only thing that felt right - but it didn’t actually end up that well.  He’d either eat the normal amount of calories or eat too much again.  He felt pretty ridiculous.
But Jack couldn’t eat, no, he couldn’t gain weight back.  He was finally happy with himself.  He could finally look in the mirror and not completely hate himself.  He didn’t like himself, but there wasn’t burning rage in him.
“I don’t care if you want it or not - this isn’t something you can just keep doing, we’ve been over this.”  Sam pointed out, trying to keep his cool.
“Yeah, until we’re four hours down the highway.  Trust me kid, you’ll feel better.”  Dean reassured Jack, who couldn’t help but roll his eyes.  He knew it wasn’t going to be a better feeling - frankly he’d feel much worse after eating.  The horrible feelings would consume him.
It had been a few months, and they had all decided to take a longer break...a vacation as one might say.  They finally tried to find the piece of mind that they needed, even trying therapy to work through all the awful feelings that they sat with.
Jack quickly washed his hands and walked back to his room without even making eye contact. It was a success in his book.
He watched a bit further, and noticed all the crap inaccuracies.  It was like the rest.  There was so much that never actually worked.  Jack just sat confused for a bit too long, which caught Claire’s eye.
The thought of eating normally just sent him into a panic, which just solidified the idea of an addiction..
“Pounding.”  Jack explained.  He felt his cheeks redden from embarrassment.  He started to try and get up, but Sam was looking at him with some concern.
Jack spent the summer between saving the world and his first day of school trying to convince Sam to let him hunt, but Sam said no, so he’d go to Cas, who also said no, and then Dean, who’d just take him into the woods, and they’d do something.  He also said no.
They were still standing on the stairs, much to the dismay of just a few others.  Claire moved Jack down, as they kept talking.  Jack explained the bullying, and Claire just told some of her own stories from high school - reassuring Jack that this was not his fault.
“All those numbers?  This isn’t nothing Jack, it’s serious.  I need you to talk.”  Sam told Jack, who found himself wanting to hide.  He couldn’t even look at that fancy glass scale, or the new leatherbound notebook.
The bell rang, as Jack snuck the sandwich into the trash before leaving the lunchroom.  He assumed there’d be more eyes on him, but no one seemed to care, and Jack took advantage of that.  He couldn’t even fathom eating at lunch - it felt so foreign.
He was hungry, yes, and that absolutely bothered him.  He picked at the food that felt safe, and consumed just a bit.  It was enough to make him feel better, but he stopped with remorse, knowing it was just going to get worse.
They finished packing the room, and prepared for the long drive back.  Jack was in the back with Cas, as usual.  He just remained silent, hoping no one would say anything.
He felt groggy, as if he hadn’t really gotten any sleep at all.  He tried to shake himself awake before heading to the bathroom.
It was Sam who tried to get him to eat another piece “because there was too much”.  Pressure brought it upon him, and he grabbed another piece, but he had a bit of a plan - it happened before.
Gym class sucked for other reasons.  Jack didn’t understand game rules at all - Football was weird, Soccer confused him, and there was literally no reason for them to play Ultimate Frisbee.  The weirdest part was weightlifting.  Every Tuesday they’d go into the weight lifting room, and they’d do strange workouts with partners.  Jack had partnered with this other boy, whom he didn’t speak too all that much.  Jack just did the exercises, and waited silently before doing it again.
Except for the unending hunger, the cold, the way his hair seemed to collect on the hairbrush, the weird feeling he would get in his body every once in a while.  He was fine, really.
“I wanted to be healthier.”  Jack lied again, halfway.  He wanted to say everything, just like he used to, but the starving was a monster.  He just lied now.
Usually he was the one in the therapist's office to get information for a case - not for any problems, but now there was no questioning - everyone was there for him.
“Yeah.  I’m confused.  Why do they lie in movies?”  Jack asked.  He noticed the usual hospital scene had started.
“No, not really.”  He lied, but Dean had finally figured Jack out, and the way he darted his eyes when lying.
Spring was always nice, as the weather would warm up, flowers would sprout, and the death of winter seemed to melt.  March may only be the beginning, but it was already so alive.  Unlike Jack, who still looked like he was sick with a flu.  His skin still pale, and his eyes still dark.
“Guess that means you’re chubby, huh.”  Tayler pointed out, and it cut Jack.  He found himself just defeat, but they didn’t really want to stop as he walked away.
A change from the 145 a few months ago. A good change, and before anyone saw, Jack wrote the number down, and hid everything again.
“Have the kids at school really stopped?”  Cas asked, curious, causing Jack’s eyes to widen, as if he was a deer in the headlights.  Jack got quiet for a second, as his heart beat faster.  He found his gaze falling to the floor.
The morning was different.  Jack was the last to wake up, and it was to the smell of bacon. He blinked a few times, and then sat up. His body hurt, and all he could think about was checking the bathroom for a scale.
“Yeah uh-”  He started, trying to make excuses.  It was his defense, and it worked around Dean, Sam, and especially Cas.
“Five...foot...ten?”  Jack guessed, but the teacher had just shrugged, so Jack assumed it was fine.  He was given permission to leave, and when he got back to the gym - Taylor was standing, a smug look on her face.
Later in the evening, as people had started to split off.  Jack ended up in his room.  Sam had retreated into the library, as it the quiet area.  Jody and Cas had joined him, and they had some late-night conversation.  The table was loud, and the voices echoed throughout the bunker.  The table held the alcohol, and with it everyone else.  There were solid amounts of board games on the table, and one very intense game of monopoly going on.  Crowley had the lead, and with it, all the candy that was bet.
“None of it looked good.”  Jack blatantly stated.  Sam rolled his eyes, and walked into the kitchen, where Dean just said: “I told you”, with his eyes.
Things had been slowing down, much to Jack’s disappointment.   His body was getting used to the food - or his metabolism was slowing from the loss of weight or lack of food.  He just didn’t want to admit it.
It would break Sam even more than knowing that this was the last year.  Dean promised to keep this from Sam, for the sake of sanity.
It left Jack speechless, and even more reluctant to eat anything.  This whole thing made it all worse.
When it came to lunch, he was just as clueless, and even called Dean, who told him “to find some cute girls”, but Sam definitely tried to give some other advice by yelling in the background, before being thrown across the room by some spirit, assumedly.  Jack couldn’t help but laugh, while he searched for someone who looked a bit like Claire, as that was his first crush - which faded a couple months ago.
“Room 113.”  Dean stated, and then headed back out the door.  Jack was bracing himself for the outside air.
Walking into first period was always awkward.  He felt like every eye in the room was on him, but when he looked up, no one cared.  Everyone was either on their phones, or doing last - minute homework, reading the Shakespeare play they had to read - King Lear.
The weather had now grown chilly - not cold, no, just chilly, and Jack didn’t expect to be as cold as he was.  His body temperature had gown down apparently, and he assumed it was from what he was doing.
It became a topic of conversation whenever Jack wasn’t in the room.  If someone was at the bunker, a hunter, or even Crowley, there’d be a conversation.  If Jack was in the room without the comfort of his jacket, there’d be eyes on him.  His neck, with the jutting bones on his neck, or the skin that stretched about his collarbones.
“Kid probably deserved it, didn’t even touch his pancakes.”  Dean said, sitting at the spot, and basically inhaling Jack’s breakfast.  Sam rolled his eyes at Cas, who gave just the slightest acknowledgement.
Back in his room, he locked the door for a few moments, just so no one would barge in while he was vulnerable.
He started to try and hide when kids began to walk in.  Friends, and Jack never felt more alone.  Cas wasn’t there, and the last time Jack used his powers around others, he killed someone.  Jack felt like nothing without his powers  He was just a kid, naive, and broken.
She also seemed to lead a large part of the school - as if it was a popularity contest.  Jack had heard of this in movies, but that it actually happened was weird - it was almost spooky.
Jack wasn’t so sure.  It seemed so many people wanted to join in - just because it was happening.  He knew that they didn’t really do too much, but it was the “cool” thing to do.
It was easy to get everyone to agree on Dean leaving the house with Charlie. Not only does she rarely leave but Gabriel and Lucifer was all too happy to find her secret alcohol stash while she was gone. He asked for Charlie because he knew she would be discreet about anything that happened, Dean doesn't need the Novaks to know that he used go be a Hunter. That would most likely end with his body on Billie's door again.
Dean sips his beer, unconsciously leaning against Castiel's side. It isn't long before low whistles and hands banging on the table surround them.
They don't say it often. Only occasionally when Dean is loopy with sleep and Castiel eases him into bed or when Castiel needs a little bit more care for the day. Never like this.
Lucifer pierced through bone and feather to clamp metal cuffs starting along the bend of his wings to the carpal edge. The cuffs wrap his wings around like cartilage would.
Each step of snow underneath his boots has the pit in his stomach widening, each snowflake that lands on nose or cheek or lips makes him more aware of what he's putting at risk.
Dean watches the door close with mild discomfort before he stands and steps out of the tub. After draining the water and brushing his teeth, with an unwrapped toothbrush set on the counter, Dean towels off himself as he walls to the pile of clothes on his bed. They smell of fresh laundry and water and Dean can't help but frown a little once he puts them on.
Castiel leans down, their noses bump and tears mix. It's weird, if Dean's being honest, they're crying and emotional and their fluids are mixing together but it's raw in a way he can't describe.
He didn't intend for it to come out as such but one line about asking Castiel if they could meet again lead to Dean practically throwing up the feelings he has on a piece of loose paper. Castiel hasn't been to the pond in two weeks and since he won't respond to Dean physically being there, maybe a letter would work.
"No. I would never, you know that! This is new to me, I like calling you that. You make me feel like I can do it without getting–"
"I-I'm gon-gonna go! Cas!" Dean squeals, reaching and grasping the base of his cock to hold off his stream.
The reception is just as fancy as the buildings. A plush white carpet covers the area, a fireplace runs in the corner with two chairs on either side of it and a wood coffee table with glass in the middle. Behind the front desk, which is long and has a grey, wood accent with three computers, (why three?), is a glowing set of Angel wings.
"Our introduction was not the most pleasant." Dean's Omega turns over and presents at the deep roll of their Alpha's voice. Dean scolds his Omega and puts his jacket over one of the chairs.
It's an ill-timed itch, Dean would say. A sudden bite that you might get from a mosquito during the springtime that has your leg jerking in response. And it could happen anywhere really; at the store, a funeral, hanging around family, or a doctor's office.
Donna writes down Dean's ranting before she pauses and peers at him through her lashes. "You told him about Lisa. Did he say anything about that?"
"I've never had sex!" Dean blurts, eyes widening before he covers his face with his hands. "I've never–the Royal Omega would
Dean uses his thumb nail to push down his cuticles. "Thank you kindly, sweetheart. Have a good day now–"
"Cas," Dean exhales nervously, toying with the sheer fabric on the bottom of his dress. "C-can you help?"
Growling, Castiel delves deeper, moaning at the taste of his Omega. Anna's a liar. Dean yelps, squeezing his thighs and rocking back against Castiel's tongue. Castiel grips Dean's thighs and pulls him closer, making a mess of his chin, cheeks, and nose.
His mind can't help but wander to Mary. After the whole "Favoritism Incident" as Dean calls it in his trauma narrative, he hadn't really thought about confronting her. He hoped it was something he could avoid doing but Donna talked to him about avoidance more than once which made him feel guilty enough to do it.
Dean goes to whine again but with a snap of Castiel's fingers and the immediate stinging on Dean's cheek, it turns into a pathetic cry.
"Please, Dean." Castiel whispers, his whole body shaking and more tears slide down his face. Dean licks his lips and kisses Cas softly.
Dean doesn't bother to answer, he simply lifts his hands overhead and prays that he's doing this right. He shivers as Castiel's hands slide underneath his armpits to gently take the dress off and let it fall into a heap beside them.
"I think you should communicate with him. Castiel can talk through his mind or verbally, that way is just harder and he doesn't do it often."
"Two years of me worrying my ass off and keepin' this place afloat without you." Jo laughs wetly and Dean strokes her head before kissing the top of it.
"Well, when I had licked up the slick you left on my counter, I was looking for something more permanent. I didn't want to disturb your bath after all." he sounds amused, and smug.
Castiel swallows thickly and stands on shaky legs, his ass makes a squelching sound due to the piss below him and between his thighs. He stinks of sweat, shit, and sour urine. He hopes Dean is in a better predicament.
"Arms up." Charlie orders with a grin. The grey corset is nice, it has ribbons and an elegant pattern but Dean still has marks on his ribs from the last one he had to put on. It ties in the back so he'll probably struggle with taking it off tonight.
They get closer to the towering shimmering black doors and Anna barely presses her hands delicately against the door before a low, baritone pitched voice carries through them.
"This is the third body in the past two weeks." Dean bites through his teeth as he stomps through the depths of his second home; loud, pleading screams from tortured souls echo down the dreary, dry hallway. His tail flickers in agitation, the crease between his eyebrows grows more tense, and he slams his closed first against the rusting iron bars. "Shut it!"
Arms envelope his body and he hears tears hit the leather of his jacket. He lets out a wet chuckle, "C'mon. No chick flick moments." he jokes like they haven't seen each other in five weeks when in reality it's been five
Dean drags his body up, plants his feet on the cold wood floors and wiggles his toes as he tries, and ultimately fails, to come back online.
Dean's eyes flicker up to the mirror for a second then back at the folder before he does a double take.
"Ah, well, we're close like family. I've known her since we were in diapers. Her girlfriend helps run shop too, the nerd." Dean says fondly.
"Line yourself up then push in. Careful when your knot pops and ease into it." Dean instructs. That's the gist of what they're doing, right?
Dean shuffles inside awkwardly, eyeing the mess of clothes strewn on the floor along with torn sheets. The room is still dark, curtains drawn tight but there's a lone floor lamp turned on in the corner. It stinks of cum, sweat, and rain, so much so that Dean could drown in it. He can't see a lot but he can see the sweaty silhouette of Castiel's naked, sweaty body grinding frantically against the sheets; his wings twitch and jump with every movement and at points they'll spread and arch. They look boney, more fragile then he remembers.
Dean closes the bathroom door, gripping the door handle to the left and closing it slowly so it doesn't click then carefully letting go of it. Dean frowns and blinks at the handle, he hasn't done that since he moved out.
Castiel's eyes widen a fraction before he schools his features and gives Dean a small, kind smile "That's something you could write then. I should get going now, Mr. Winchester"
"I was thinking about what you said about going back to your parents. Do you believe that's a good idea?"
Sam was following him, that has to be it. Sam was following Dick outside the country, Castiel was out that exact same time visiting his family with their bodyguard,
Dean wraps his weak arms around Castiel's neck and between one breath and the next they've made it to Dean's plush bed. Castiel shuffles carefully, trying not to tug on the heavy knot inside his Omega, and lays down on his side with Dean's back to his chest then pulls the comforter over them.
Dean makes a sound in the back of his throat and Naomi steps forward, eyes wide and disbelieving. Castiel has never had a rut in his life. Naomi grits her teeth in frustration and takes a fleeting glance at Dean.
"Cheer up, you're always saying your plants will get sad if you're sad. Goodnight, Cassie." Gabriel says lovingly before hanging up.
Dean feels hot arousal boil in his body, his cock thickens in his jeans, and his breath shortens. He shakes Castiel's hand impulsively.
"Thank you for still liking me even after you saw it." Dean whispers into the darkness. Castiel frowns thoughtfully.
This Omega is stubborn but there's nothing that she doesn't know about him; Raphael sent back a handful of useful information after following him. This boy would do anything for his brother.
"Sweet! Guess I'm off that job!" Ash calls from the back, fist pumping in victory while Gabriel pouts.
Dean means to say something, he means to ask why Castiel sounds so choked up, he means to beg Castiel to say; staying in his old room alone is scary. It's too dark and even though John never entered his room, even though John never opened his door in the middle of the night, that fear will always stay with him. Dean's throat ends up being too clogged up to say anything.
"No way she's doing all of this free of charge." Dean shakes his head, biting at his thumb nail. "Leviathan Blossom is in Purgatory, she would've had to make a deal or something."
"Please don't touch me!" Castiel begs as he backs further away with downcast eyes. Dean blinks in shock. "Call me when you want to set an appointment."
"He called me outta the blue after how many years, Sammy?" he bites, ears twitching when something breaks in the distance. He needs to breathe.
"People are so terrible." Castiel shakes his head as he rises to his feet. "I have a cat, a beautiful black one who's blind. I found him on the street."
"Guess both our mates are." Lucifer wraps Dean in a hug and Dean grips Lucifer's sleeves tightly. "We'll figure it out, Dean."
"Nasty motherfucker." he mummers fondly, swinging his leg over Castiel's hip while the other is cocked above Castiel's own curved ones.
Dean Winchester is a handmade creation; a split of an egg and a sperm spell but sculpted and perfected by the goddess themselves and brought to life by the highest order.
Every bone in his body yearns to go back to Dean. The need makes his toes curl in his boots and his heart stutter.
Castiel presses multiple kisses on Dean's sweaty face and crooks his fingers once more before Dean spills on Castiel's suit and his stomach with his hips arched and abs tensed.
"Alpha," Dean whispers, inwardly cringing at the fact that he has to do this. His assignment. The close proximity allows Dean's nose to pick up on something rank and rotten, it almost makes him pull away. Dean sniffs lowly and saves the smell in a cabinet in his brain for later.
"It's okay. It's okay, you did great, you were fuckin' amazing, Cas." Dean rocks them back and forth in metallic smelling, blood colored water while Castiel sobs loudly into his chest. The clamps lay outside of the tub, some broken and others simply open, seemingly innocent. Dean can still hear Castiel's screams in his ears if he stops talking for a second, the sound makes his heart pound and his toes curl with discomfort.
Castiel straightens with a grimace and peels off his soaked clothing before tenderly hanging them up on the clothing line he had put up just diagonally across the room when he first got his key, he remembers to take out of box cutter hanging out the back of his jean pocket. Castiel looks around the room with an exhale; there's a TV sat on top of a dresser, a study desk right next to the window, a full bed, and small closet. Castiel looks at his boxes, primarily at the one that's labeled 'safety blankets & sheets' scribbled in Gabriel's messy handwriting then sighs. Along with the weather, Castiel hates his sensory problems sometimes as well.
"My humble abode, I go here to talk with God's about the fine things in life." Gabriel spouts lazily with a bored shrug of his shoulders. "Naomi and Anna won't find us here."
"It's okay to be scared," Gabriel says. His landing is so soft that Castiel can't hear the flutter of his 140 wings, or maybe Castiel is hallucinating.
It starts out as a chaste kiss. One that gets Dean's heart twisted upside down and then Castiel is grinding down against him, clothed erections creating an unsatisfying rhythm that's going to male him come anyway.
Maybe he shouldn't be bitter. He was gifted with a human and should treat them with respect, maybe he's jealous. A Seraphim jealous of humans, who pay too much attention to their differences and not enough to their connections, it's sad.
Dean startles, knocking his hip against the large buffet table and making a downright fool of himself as he drops his plate on the cloth with a dull thud.
Castiel exhales lowly, letting his eyes go hooded as his hand ghosts over his throat. He squeezes his knot and more come pools on the cotton seat and under his ass.
Dean snaps his fingers then quickly pats the inside of his leather jacket and takes out the feather. He waves it around a few times to get it's former smell back then puts it under Sam's nose.
Castiel's stomach churns. He can't say what he wants to. Dean probably doesn't dream of holding Castiel at night, doesn't daydream in class about his lips or how they might feel against his, doesn't think about the false sin they'll be committing. Not that Castiel does. Not that he has for the past twelve weeks.
better. It doesn't help that he never left Montreal after they broke up; maybe he still had hope back then. Maybe he had hoped they would get married in the summer too.
The water stills, it's pattering ripple halting abruptly and Dean is so stunned by it that he doesn't notice that the fruit on the bush today are shiny blackberries.
"Shit," he rasps, sitting back against the cold porcelain of his tub. Dean's shirt is clinging to his sweaty body, his pants hang loose at his ankles, and his head is throbbing in sync with his heart.
Castiel's body emerges from the waters surface; his body lean with tight muscles and wings hanging downwards do to the heavy water. Moonlight shimmers elegantly on both the wings and the naked carrier. Castiel looks up carefully, dark hair stuck to his forehead, eyelashes clumped together, with droplets of water falling down his lips, to stare at Dean.
It's fate's fault. Or destiny, or whatever people call it these days. Dean hasn't had a heat since he was in his teens and those don't compare to the one he's going through right now. It's different, of course, Castiel is taking care of him which makes his heart squeeze tight in his chest.
"I-I can feel it in m-my stomach." Dean hiccups, tears clumping his eyelashes together. Castiel uses his fingertips to dance up the curve of his back and he leans forward to suck Dean's nipple into his mouth.
Naked and uncomfortable, he drops his head back with a huff and turns around to crawl back into bed under his two comforters and weighted blanket with the curtains drawn shut. He barely has time to get settled under the warmth before his phone buzzes violently from under his pillows. Dean paws for it blindly and puts the phone on speaker.
Aaron finger guns before stepping backwards and turning to get their food. Dean sits down with a sigh and glances at Thules from the side of his eye. "What are you lookin' at?"
"But the Angels say you're aromantic. You never wanted a mate or a heir so it might be selfish of me to–"
"I'm good, 'm good, 'm good, daddy'll love me if I'm good. Daddy'll stop if I don't tell anyone." Dean whispers to himself, shaking at the phantom hands that graze over his body. "Daddy loves me, he loves me that's why–I have to keep quiet, that way daddy'll keep loving me."
"Good evenin', I was just wonderin' about that position as an Omega companion." Dean kicks his feet up on the table.
Dean toes off his toes and nudges them into the pile with the others and nudges Castiel to do the same before taking the duffle bags from him.
Luckily Miracle isn't on the bed with him tonight so Dean slips from under his sour sheets and peels off his boxers, throwing them on top of his blanket before yanking the corners of the fitted sheet off the mattress with trembling fingers and creating a ball filled with his messy sheets.
There's a wood sign with its legs fused into a mountain that has bolded green letters engraved into it.
"What does transgender mean?" Castiel voice blank, trying to come across of curious. He believes that Gabriel had mentioned it once or twice when they were kids. Castiel doesn't remember much of when he was a kid.
"Fortune telling should'a been your carrier." Dean jokes. Castiel hums and leans his head back, exhaling heavily while letting his shoulders sag. Dean tries not to watch the silhouette of his adams apple bob. He fails miserably.
Dean shakes his head fondly as he slowly makes his move to rise from the booth to get back to the front of the register.
"You want me to be your first kiss, sugar?" Dean brings his hand up and brushes his lips against Castiel's own.
Lucifer and Dean nod at each other before Dean gets up and Lucifer follows him towards the portal. Before the two step through Eve stops them.
Castiel perks up at the sound of Dean's bedroom door opening and then shuffling, a short, heavy groan, and the coffee maker running.
It hits Dean's face at first, a loud, powerful steam to his hair, temples, cheeks and Dean relishes in it, the warmth of it, whines, and shudders because of it. Dean isn't sure how long that lasts for but then the stream starts to slow, starts to hit his chest and his...his
It takes them two months of arguing and forgiving for them to have a firm foundation of the house, then a month to install plumbing and electricity, and another month for insulation. All in all, it takes them thirteen months to finish their four bedroom house.
Mary gives Dean a reassuring kiss on top of his head before leaving his room in a unhurried flourish. Dean gazes out at the swaying trees and blinks lazily.
Castiel digs his nails into Dean's sides and growls lowly in his chest, he uses another tendril of grace to press on Dean's perineum so it can stimulate his prostate from the outside.
The house is blissfully silent, no maids or gatekeepers or chefs running back and forth in his home, not until later anyway.
Dean rolls his eyes, faces Castiel, and holds both of its hands. "Cas, will you do me the honor of being my partner?"
Dean wants to meet Gabriel and its not that Castiel isn't okay with it, it's just, Castiel would rather them not meet.
Thank you, everyone. for the support. I appreciate it with my whole being. I think I have gathered some of my thoughts and feelings and set them in order, I just needed some time. Thank you for being patient.
Castiel shifts. "Pardon me for asking but your soulmate," Dean looks up sharply. "Are you in any form of communication with them?"
"He didn't need it." Castiel mutters, a short, annoyed huff of breath escaping from his lungs as he touches the swollen, irritated areas around Dean's rim and hearing the other hiss in pain.
He's only two steps into his own room when the smell of sweetened roses hit his nose and a pair of breasts push up against his back.
Dean steps a hair closer, muses a hand through his hair, and sighs nervously. "I'm sorry about last night. It was uncalled for and I shouldn'tna kicked you out like that."
"Can we talk later about everything? I mean, no pressure, you just–I never heard you talk this much and it seems like you made so much progress."
"See if you can find more information on Castiel's and Naomi's trip to New Zealand. There's a database, HuntersCorp, my brother was there the same time was they were, his trip should be logged there."
"You can move." Dean sniffles. Castiel bends down and licks Dean's bottom lip as he grinds his hips roughly against Dean's pelvis. Dean's moans, his eyes, his laugh, and his insides make Castiel's body hot. It makes grace beat inside of him so hard that he can feel it down to his toes. The knees of his pants are getting dirtied by the damp grass below them but Dean's cheeks are just a little pink and his moans are just a little loud and Castiel is falling in love.
"Out! Get out! I shouldn't've–Gods, I'm an idiot." Dean sniffles and grabs the door handle, opening it while facing pointedly away from Castiel's concerned gaze.
Dean eases himself back onto the desk and lifts one leg onto the sturdy wood. Castiel's eyes immediately zone in on the loosened pink muscle and has to grip his cock to stop from cumming.
"I caught you." Castiel parrots, hiking up Dean's dress and marveling wet patch on Dean's underwear. He presses his thumb against it, gently massaging Dean's hole. Dean gasps, tensing and closing his knees.
Castiel's wings almost touch the walls of the room, fluffy and Dean can make out the raven colour from the parts that aren't covered in blood. The blood is dark, almost like it's old and has scabbed over almost a million times. It drops onto Dean's face, making him flinch back. Bloodied cuffs are clamped onto the wings, which twitch and spasm at their new release.
The thought has Dean idlily playing with the gold band around his finger while he waits for Castiel to speak.
Castiel shoulders off his coat with a gentle smile in Dean's direction before he turns to drape it over the desk chair. Dean's gaze lingers on the side of Castiel's face and the corners of his lips tilt downward. Are those tear tracks?
Castiel digs his nails into the younger's hips, effectively stilling Dean, who let's out a high pitched whine from the back of his throat.
Naomi's hand comes up behind her ear, using the pad of her finger to toy with the back of her earring  as she looks down at the gasping Omega below her.
I'm in therapy, trauma therapy. This is also fiction, in later chapters unrealistic therapy things happen, do not comment on it.
Castiel has a thick blue scarf around his neck that almost touches his nose and the beige trenchcoat Dean saw hanging up in his office yesterday.
Dean falls back against the bed, his cock half hard against his thigh and brain buzzing with half formed thoughts.
Dean huffs before sitting up and rubbing his eyes. He should look around, see if there's anything worthy he should take note of.
It's silly, if Dean's being honest. He shouldn't be this stuck over some Angel who treats him–Dean flinches at the hot tear that drops onto his nose–who treats him like he's a goddamn rarity. His brain supplies what Donna explained as a "thinking mistake" and how he feels isn't categorized as should or shouldn't but the wires in his brain are submerged underwater so all of Donna's "thinking mistakes" can go to hell.
His tearducts seem to have it out for him because they cause water to pool behind his closed eyelids then slide down his cheeks and mix between their lips.
"Oh! Hello! Dean, I didn't know you were inviting someone over!" Mary laughs. Dean hates it. Hates her. He hates her so much.
Dean lifts the cup to his lips, takes a long sip, then shrugs. "Dad was a piece of shit, turned my life into a fuckin' trainwreck. If I can get someone outta that typa situation then..." Dean shrugs again. "Wanna make people feel safe in this shitty world, ya know?"
"No worries. It's all good in the hood." Dean shuts his eyes tightly. Oh heaven above, strike him down now. He shouldn't even be saying that.
The security guard gives them a sympathetic look at the repeated name they all can hear through the door. "Poor guy does that till he falls asleep or needs water then starts back up again."
"Yes. Our Angel of Thursday, Castiel." Anna practically glows as she says it's name and Dean feels the taste of competition on his tongue.
Castiel licks his lips slowly as sweat prickles down Dean's hairy thighs and whispers something sinful in his family's tongue. He doesn't understand this, he isn't sure why he needs this Omega in particular. He's never found anyone attractive, the thought of mating with someone made him sick to his stomach but when he thinks of Dean–
"You can support the fag all you want." John hisses, glowering at Castiel before turning on his heels and stomping back into the kitchen.
"Wanna knot you, Omega." Castiel mumbles, watching as Dean's hole spreads obscenely when he widens his fingers against the wet walls. Stings of slick drip from the opening and Castiel wants to be covered in Dean's scent.
"I'm sorry," he doesn't know what he's apologizing for or why his eyes are wet and shit, maybe he should've graduated high school because suddenly he's gone stupid.
"You have on the corset?" John questions, hands clasped behind his back and posture frighteningly straight.
Dean remembers how smug Castiel was when they sat at the breakfast bar of the hotel and watched Mary check out the hotel with Charlie's aid.
"God damn appointment." he remembers, blinking open his eyes and gauging what time it might be by gloomy brightness shining through his windows. Daylight Savings can kiss his ass.
"We should have a constant date booked. Assuming that you're comfortable with me being your therapist."
The open wounds are swollen, stretched, and have blood trickling out of it. The edges around them are scabbed; it's colors range from dark red to purple. The stretch is wide enough that Dean can see the movement of bone. Castiel lets out a pained grunt and the peak of feathers exit the wound before the grueling sound of skin tearing reaches Dean's ears and the blood covered wings fully emerge. The cuffs are bloodier than Dean remembers them being, they're also big and clunky and it makes sense why the wounds never heal. Blood swirls with their bathwater, turning it into a deep murky maroon color.
Dean checks himself in the mirror once more then walks over to his bed to set up his decoy. He uses the palms of his hands to squish the pillows so it's flatter than normal then tucks the two under his thick comforter.
"Hey! If I was there when the sun was being made, I deserve rights as to where it should be positioned when I kiss my soon-to-be husband!"
"I'm sure I wouldn't. I'll be borrowing him now." Castiel's voice is hard and Dean almost laughs. Why is Castiel fighting so hard for him? Why does he care so much?
Castiel looks up at Dean with wet eyes and clumped eyelashes. "Thinking about f-fucking Dean while I'm b-buried in your pussy."
"Y-you're warm, s-so warm inside." Castiel's cries, jerks his hips against the sensation. Dean bites into Castiel's shoulder and growls. Gets it to stop moving.
Dean kicks off his boots then stands up and walks sluggishly to the wide bed before falling down face first into fluffy sheets.
"No galaxy could compare to your beauty, Dean. I was paralyzed when I saw your soul," Castiel leans closer, his breath dancing on Dean's ear. "I think that was the first time I ever came."
"How do you know all this, Red?" Lucifer asks and Charlie quirks her eyebrow. "You think me and Meg just scissor all day?"
Dean knows that they've arrived when he starts to feel the gravel undernesth he car's tires between his teeth. He can also spot a dingy, beat up sign next to an entrance of a small cabin sitting ominously in the dark.
Veggie burgers and Dean Winchester don't usually mix but eating heavy meats for so long as a kid had a negative impact and makes him go nauseous. He doesn't mind it, Castiel likes making sure he eats healthy anyway.
Dean doesn't even go to church, how is he supposed to be a companion for an Angel of the Lord when the last time he was on his knees he was definitely not asking for God's forgiveness.
"It appears I did. You left your book." and sure enough, Castiel has the book in his hand by his side, not making any move to give it back.
Why is Jo so concerned about him going back home? It's fine. Dean can handle himself. John won't touch him anymore.
"I'm sorry. I don't go out very much, especially with clients. I don't think I know how to turn therapist mode off." Castiel sniffles, the tip of his nose going pink. Dean gets tugged to a close tree and Miracle sniffs the tree before lifting her leg up.
"You didn't come to order anything? Dean gestures at the display case with his pen, wanting Castiel to stay around for just a bit longer.
"You're not going to get your boyfriend back." Castiel sees Dean's figure get smaller and he swallows the lump in his throat.
Squirming and pulsating at the beat of Castiel's heartbeat. Dean runs his hands down to Castiel's hips, feeling the same thin bulge as before.
Dean snorts. "All day. You better tell me your name or else that's what I'm going to start calling you in bed."
Dean's toes curl and his thighs lock up at the intrusion. Castiel pulls the finger out halfway before accompanying it with his index finger then pushing the two back it.
"I understand it is not the same but I am not permitted to go outside. This is my room, my safe space so I thought it would mean more for intimacy reasons." Castiel's voice rises a little in nervousness and Dean's bottom lip wobbles.
