,’ and he came undone, his orgasm ripping him apart at the core as he arched into John, clinging onto his shoulders and hair and
Sherlock was in the sitting room, bent over the gramophone. He’d spent five minutes flipping through his and John’s record collection and had selected a few that he knew to be either Mrs Hudson’s or John’s favourites. He rested the needle on the record he picked off the top of the shortlisted pile and went back into the kitchen, the gramophone crackling to life, cheerful piano music filling the flat.
John sighed. ‘Come on. Let’s just... let’s just go before the blackout starts, there’s no sense in arguing like this.’
‘I’m sorry today was a disaster,’ Sherlock said quietly as they sat on a bench on one of the outdoor platforms, darkness creeping in around them.
That had been about half an hour ago. Now, John was sitting on the edge of his bed, Sherlock on his lap, his tongue in Sherlock’s mouth.
They began to move together at a steady pace. Their gasping breaths and quiet moans punctuated the sounds of the party outside, down on the street.
Sherlock ignored him and dropped heavily into the empty space next to his mother on the sofa, crossing his legs and pulling a packet of cigarettes out of his pocket, lighting one. ‘John?’ he said, shaking the packet.
They walked together in silence for a few minutes, the traffic and the crunching sounds of fallen leaves underfoot the only noise.
‘Likewise.’ John pointed to the whitewashed sign outside the station. ‘Good job you know where we are.’
John weaved awkwardly between the maze of seating until he found a table far enough away from the counter and the big window that he and Sherlock would have some privacy, but not quite far enough to arouse suspicion. He sat down heavily, exhaling through his mouth and getting comfortable before turning to watch Sherlock as he placed an order for a pot of tea with two cups and a plate of buns and sandwiches.
John raised his eyebrows, attempting to look interested. For all his skill with reading people, Mycroft had always - and still did - carry on far too much about those people he found impressive. Sherlock, who couldn’t care a whit about power or money or influence, loathed him for it, and John found it rather tiresome. ‘It’ll be a pleasure to meet him. What time should I arrive?’
‘You can’t just--’ Sherlock cut himself off and snarled, hands going to where his fine leather braces rested at his shoulders. He thumbed them off and hastily began to undo his shirt, his eyes locked with John’s.
John stepped forward and Sherlock moved away from the table, to its side and backwards, into the heart of the hushed, dim library.
‘I have missed you both,’ Mrs Hudson said after she’d inhaled deeply from her fag, looking a bit misty round the eyes as she reached to hold John’s trembling hand.
Freddie began to struggle violently, his hands clawing at Moriarty’s, fingernails digging into his skin. Snarling, Moriarty withdrew and pushed Freddie to the filthy tiled floor, climbing atop him, pinning his thin arms with both knees and applying pressure to his throat with both hands.
‘You have no right to so much as imagine what he would think or say,’ Sherlock snarled, his face growing red. ‘No right.’
,’ he hissed, tugging against the cuffs and shoving his hips down into the mattress underneath him. John hit him again; five times in quick succession, one after the other after the other after the other after the other.
difficult, Mycroft,’ Sherlock snapped, widening his stance as he faced his brother, his eyes narrowed, fists clenched.
‘Uh.’ John reached into his pocket and handed Sherlock’s lighter to Moriarty, who flipped it round in his left hand, raising an eyebrow at the ornate
John pulled Sherlock down into a fierce kiss, pushing at Sherlock's torso until their positions were reversed and John was on top of Sherlock, kneeling in between his strong, long legs, bare of any nightclothes, as was usual. 'I hate you,' John whispered, grabbing the tin of petroleum jelly off the bedside table, coating two fingers and sliding both steadily into Sherlock, who spread his legs wider, eyes fluttering closed, sinful mouth falling open. ‘You’re demanding and infuriating and--’
‘You’re... you’re fucking impossible,’ John spat, his jaw tight as he shook his head and sighed in exasperation, his face flushed with a mix of annoyance and embarrassment.
‘Case,’ Sherlock exclaimed as soon as he heard the bell, jumping up, dressing gown flying behind him.
Mrs Hudson had sent word to both John and Sherlock the week before to inform them she’d be returning to London the coming Wednesday. Both men had been pleased at the news - Sherlock because he knew Mrs Hudson wouldn’t stand for John not taking care of himself and John because he imagined there might actually be something for him to do now that Mrs Hudson was back - repair work on the house, perhaps, and there would at least be some company in the evenings should he want it.
‘It is a shame,’ John agreed, rubbing his thumb over the back of his mother’s hands, along one of her veins.
John took the tin and sat down on the winding stone steps at the side of the house once they reached them. The scent of the climbing passion flowers hung heavy in the air. Sherlock sat next to John and turned the flask over in his hands.
‘Thought you had to get back,’ Sherlock replied, turning to raise an eyebrow at John. Before John could say anything else, Sherlock strode off, following the long line of the water’s edge, leaving John standing on the path, bereft.
‘Oh yes, very serious,’ John mumbled, giggling as he rested his palm on Sherlock’s upper back, oblivious to the audience they had attracted at the edge of the floor. ‘We haven’t quickstepped since before the war, this is--’
‘She’s eager for it,’ a man lurking at the door to the park’s toilet block said with a camp wink, nodding inside to indicate Freddie.
‘Oh, I don’t know,’ Sherlock murmured throatily, bringing one of his hands to John’s front, hooking his thumb in the waistband of John’s grey trousers. ‘Perhaps I’d like to undo these buttons--’ he tapped at said buttons with his fingers, ‘with my teeth.’ He bit down on John’s earlobe, causing John to shudder and drop the bar of soap he’d been holding into the sink. ‘Perhaps I fancy parting the material and pressing my tongue against you before I drag down your underwear--’ Sherlock inched his hand into John’s trousers and began to stroke John’s cock lazily, ‘before I drag down your underwear, and then swallow you whole.’
reached its end and began to hiss. It was a sunny day for March and the usually gloomy kitchen was bathed in a warm light that came from both its own window as well as the windows in the living room. Sherlock’s hair was tinted auburn where he stood, slipping the record back into its sleeve, humming under his breath. John’s hair was blonder than usual and the lines on his face less deep.
Sherlock smiled and stroked John’s chest, lingering with his fingertips over John’s scar. ‘This is extraordinary,’ he whispered, pressing a reverent kiss to the knotted skin.
‘You know him well enough to be on first-name terms with him,’ John hissed, ‘despite the fact he’s clearly poison--’
'Shh.' John slowed his pace, shifted his knees on the bed so that he was closer to Sherlock and gathered him into his arms, despite the sudden flash of pain in his shoulder. 'Shh,' he said, stroking Sherlock's hair, pulling Sherlock's face into his neck. 'Shh, it's alright, it's alright, don't be silly.' John kissed Sherlock's temple and began to move his hips again, thrusting steadily.
‘As you wish.’ Sweat broke out at John’s temples as he thrust into Sherlock’s grip. ‘My god, you’re lovely,’ he murmured, kissing Sherlock again, lying half on top of him.
John pulled his fingers away and Sherlock whimpered at the loss, his head lolling, eyes drooping shut as John twisted and laid him out on the bed, climbing on top of Sherlock and kissing him softly.
John smiled and walked out of the kitchen, waiting until Sherlock was in the living room too before turning the light off. ‘Anyway, you’ve got a bob on yourself, thinking I’d want to with you looking like that,’ he laughed, going into his bedroom and turning the lamp on, Sherlock following close behind.
‘I can’t say for certain.’ Nettle knelt down on the stained carpet next to Sherlock and rubbed his sweaty palms on his trousers. ‘He caught a piece of shrapnel in the shoulder. Weren’t any doctors around, weren’t anything to clean it, he just. He got ill. Very quickly. Over in an afternoon. Last thing he did was write to you.’
Pushing Victor’s hand away, Sherlock took his cigarette case out of his pocket and lit one, sucking the smoke in quickly, leaving the cigarette between his lips as he put his lighter and case back. ‘I want nothing to do with you, Victor, I would have thought that was quite obvious from the thirteen years of ignoring you and ignoring your wife and ignoring any brats you managed to fuck into her.’
Laughing, John stroked his hand round Sherlock’s side and onto his stomach, curling his right hand around Sherlock’s length, twisting his thumb at the same time.
‘Bugger off, Mycroft,’ Sherlock snarled through gritted teeth, slamming the glass jug back down onto the iron table. He dumped his glass down too, drink sloshing over each side as he lit another cigarette.
‘Sherlock, you come with me,’ Mycroft said, putting his dinner jacket back on as he stood. ‘Mother, you wait here--’
‘No. No, I rather think you do, Victor. Watch out for yourself in that plane of yours, too. You boys are indispensable.’
‘I love you,’ John said, stroking Sherlock’s hips with his thumbs. ‘Do you want to turn onto your front? I can’t promise I’ll--’
‘Deal.’ Sherlock took his drink from John and clinked it against a rum bottle, clearly pleased with himself as he strutted back over to the piano.
‘Are--’ Nettle stepped into the house and shut the door gently behind him. ‘Are you S Holmes?’ he asked, kneeling down in front of the man, placing the envelope on the floor.
‘Victor.’ Sherlock reached out and tugged one of the elaborate passion flowers off the vine, bringing it to his nose and breathing its cloyingly sweet scent in. ‘My friend.’
‘We can only hope.’ Sherlock let John go and went back over to his microscope. Sunlight shone into the often dingy room from the window, casting everything in a pleasant golden light. John picked up his leather doctor’s bag from the table and kissed Sherlock’s cheek again.
John laughed and nodded. ‘I did, yes. I seem to remember Mycroft saying quite seriously that he was going to rule the world. I know I was going to save lives and sometimes shoot wrongdoers and you... oh, what was it you wanted to be?’
They were quiet; breathing in the scent of each other and of London, of celebration bonfires still burning and of smog and pollution. Sherlock turned his face towards where the light was strongest, in the east. ‘I love you,’ he whispered into John’s neck.
John blinked and unfolded the letter, scanning the two lines of Sherlock’s quick, untidy handwriting, ink spots scattered across the paper.
‘What’s going on?’ he asked as he lifted Jackson down from his shoulders, looking first at Sherlock and then the policemen. One slipped back inside.
‘He didn’t make me look a fool,’ Sherlock said under his breath, cheeks red, eyebrows knitting into a troubled frown as he shoved his arms into his coat and wrapped his scarf round his neck.
‘Come along, John, I can’t wait,’ Sherlock mumbled when John began to kiss down the pale line of Sherlock’s throat, pressing his hips up a few more times, tightening his grip on John’s legs.
‘N-not an option,’ Sherlock said, moving his own hand to provide John with some attention. ‘Later... Tomorrow... You can have me slow and sweet and whatever the bloody hell else you want but...’
Both men walked downstairs, Victor politely waiting for John in the hallway. He inclined his head towards John’s leg.
Mycroft looked intently at the wallpaper. ‘I have something I’d like to discuss with you. Concerning him.’
‘I forgot how nicely diplomatic you are about these sorts of things,’ Mrs Hudson said, raising her eyebrows and exhaling steadily.
Obediently, Sherlock parted his lips, allowing John to place two pills on his tongue and bring the glass of water to his mouth, seeing as his hands were soaking in the bowl of cold saltwater. Sherlock swallowed them and licked his lips when John took the glass away, tasting fresh blood on his tongue.
John reached for his tea with his left hand, the cup shaking violently as he sipped from it. ‘Social call,’ he said with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
‘Once upon a time, yes.’ He re-folded the thin paper of the telegram. ‘Is there no more information?’
John slipped away the next morning. He kissed Sherlock’s sleep-warm forehead, left a lock of hair and a note:
‘No,’ Sherlock interrupted, tightening his hand, smirking when John whimpered. ‘Not important. It’s New Year’s Eve and whoever it is should be at home, not bothering us. Now, let’s get undressed and into bed to ring in the new year in an appropriate manner.’
‘Stunning deduction,’ John said with a smile, kissing the top of Sherlock’s head. ‘They had none at the shop, something about a sunken boat.’
‘Yes, that’s it, good boy, good boy,’ John said, running his hand up the back of Sherlock’s neck and into his hair, applying exactly the right amount of pressure to Sherlock’s scalp with his fingertips and just a hint of his nails and oh,
‘Nettle would you for once in your bloody miserable life shut up?’ John shouted, inhaling again, almost frantic.
‘Let ‘em have the fucking place. The French fucking hate us as it is - they can have their empire, we can keep ours, and Bob’s your uncle and Fanny’s your fucking aunt.’
‘No,’ Moriarty mouthed back with a sweet grin, slamming Freddie’s head against the cubicle wall when he started thrashing. ‘Lovely as that feels around my cock, bijou, I’d prefer it if you stopped.’
‘Can we please get through this with as little fuss as possible?’ John asked as Sherlock pulled into the village at half past twelve.
‘What a way to go,’ Sherlock muttered, bending down to snatch the envelope addressed to him from where Frederick’s cold, stiff fingers gripped it. He held it up to the light and squinted as he appraised the ivory paper the letter was contained behind. ‘See if I’ve missed anything, won’t you, John?’ he said with a motion to the body.
Looking back at Sherlock, on the telephone in the foyer, Mycroft swallowed. ‘I know who did it,’ he said, glancing at his brother again and releasing a shaky breath. ‘I know who did this to her.’
‘Why?’ Mouth a hard line of annoyance and disapproval, Sherlock continued to rifle through the paper. ‘That is plainly
Sherlock released a shaky breath as he lay back down again, went quiet and pliant under John’s hands. ‘There we are,’ John said, his hands moving down to give Sherlock’s hips a gentle squeeze before he slid his left hand around to stroke Sherlock’s cock slowly for a moment, thumb rubbing insistently just under the head. Moaning, Sherlock closed his eyes. ‘How does that feel, love?’ John asked, his right hand rubbing and pinching gently at Sherlock’s bum.
Sherlock, too bright, too caustic, too other, had never found himself the object of anyone’s affections - not at school and certainly not at Oxford. The way in which John’s fingers plucked at the buttons of their trousers and his face flushed and his eyes darkened rendered Sherlock breathless. He pressed back against the bookshelf and crushed his mouth against John’s again, his greedy moan muffled by John’s lips as John picked him up and pinned him against the heavy wooden shelf.
‘You’re exactly what he needs,’ Victor said, very quietly, the look in his eyes sincere. ‘Take care of yourself, too. Don’t let that leg grind you down.’
‘I should have known you’d find a way of getting here,’ John said, shouldering the bedroom door open, hands grabbing at Sherlock’s waist, plucking at his woolen pullover.
‘This won’t sting half as much as the cream I’m going to put on you. Just be glad you don’t need stitches.’
They passed another farm. The sun was just going down behind the roof of the farm, where a middle-aged man stood in the broken doorway of his home. Bricks crumbled at his feet, the gate to the field lying in splintered ruin on the soil that had not been ploughed or tilled or had anything sown into it. John lifted his tired gaze to the man’s eyes, turning away with a sigh when the man spat on the ground.
want you on your back, legs over my shoulders, begging me for more,’ he said, smirking when Sherlock began to wash himself a little faster than he had been, cigarette poking comically out from between his teeth. ‘I’ll be ready to leave in twenty minutes,’ John said, winking at Sherlock as he left the overly-cluttered, steamed-up room, closing the door behind him.
John walked over to where Sherlock was shining his torch at one of the beams of the cellar roof. ‘Blood?’ Sherlock asked.
John did not have to wait for long. Throwing his head back onto the shelf once again, Sherlock contorted under John’s hands, whimpering and gasping under the sudden wave of sensation, hot dampness running down John’s fingers that teased another shudder out of him. ‘I love you,’ Sherlock breathed as he came down, chest heaving, just able to pick his head up. ‘I love you.’ He nuzzled into John’s hair and smiled, cradling John’s face with shaking hands, kissing the tip of his ear and his temple. ‘Let’s lie down,’ he said, his voice low. ‘Lie down and I’ll take care of you, you teach me, I-’
‘Dr. Watson,’ she replied with a smile, her wavy hair pinned back off her face, grey pleated skirt falling around her knees. She wore a white blouse with delicate faux-pearl buttons and carried her own doctor’s bag tightly in her right hand. They began to walk together up the steps to the station and street above, Molly occasionally licking her lipsticked mouth in a nervous gesture.
John tucked the blankets tight around her and kissed her forehead. ‘We’ll talk in the morning. Go to sleep, hm?’
‘Here, let me.’ John bundled his jacket up and rested it underneath Sherlock’s head before reaching down to undo the buttons of his coat and jacket. John ran his hand lightly down Sherlock’s chest and torso, applying the barest amount of pressure to each rib and making a mental note whenever Sherlock winced or made a pained sound.
Irritable, Sherlock grabbed a towel from the stand against the wall and dried himself off more thoroughly, rubbing hard at his hair. He lolled on the chaise longue underneath his window and pulled his new packet of fancy French cigarettes towards himself, throwing his leg over the low back of the chaise. He split the paper seal with his thumb and pulled one of the cigarettes out, lighting it with a match from the box that atop the pages of a book about chemical reactions, lying open on the carpet. What had he been thinking, taking his clothes off and jumping in the fountain? In front of John? He was mad, utterly mad.
‘They’re alright, Harry, they’ve had a long journey,’ John said, crouching down next to Harry and smiling at his niece and nephew. ‘Hug for your Uncle John, Nancy?’ Nancy wrapped her arms around his neck and clung tight.
‘It’s Sherlock,’ Sherlock said, raising his face to the ceiling and taking a deep breath. ‘I... I suppose you’d better come up.’
It must have been the jeans. The wine, too, of course, but it was the tight jeans Sherlock was wearing that had made John's eyes blow wide and black, that had made his tongue flick out of his mouth ever so slightly, just wetting his bottom lip before Sherlock saw his jaw tighten as he bit down on it. Sherlock had smirked then, pleasure and desire flaring low in his stomach as he bent to pick his phone up from the coffee table, giving John a view of his arse. He certainly wasn't smirking now.
Sighing, John took hold of his stick and the bag with the magazines in for Mrs Hudson, kissing Sherlock’s unresponsive lips one last time before running, as best he could, to catch the train to London.
He shook his head, pulled on his hat, scarf, gloves, coat. He would post the letter on the way to the hospital.
The light curtains were still drawn against the day, John having pulled back the blackouts so that Sherlock could read. The sun was making a valiant effort and from the warm rays that fell across the bed, it looked as though the day was going to be a nice one.
Perhaps, though, perhaps it was the all-consuming heat of the day that was sending his blood up as he pictured Sherlock, plump lips parted and flushed, head thrown back, long limbs spread, cock hard and thick and leaking. Perhaps it had something to do with the heat.
John stood in the doorway of 221, watching his neighbours celebrate, a small glass of punch in his hand.
It was too much. It was all too much, Sherlock was just a mass of skin and need and nerves and he couldn’t concentrate, couldn’t
‘Escaped being erased, this one, has it?’ John asked with a smile, glancing over Sherlock’s shoulder and sighing in relief when he saw the door was locked.
‘I came back to you. I always did. I always will.’ John stepped forwards again and again Sherlock slipped backwards, along the rows of books to a darker corner of the library.
‘He was going to be a doctor,’ Sherlock said through his tears, barely audible. ‘John was going to be a doctor.’
‘Do you not understand that we could be imprisoned for what we just did?’ John hissed, wiping his hands and face on his handkerchief.
‘You’ve beaten Sherlock to it, Mrs Hudson,’ John said, grinning widely as he stepped out onto the street to meet Mrs Hudson, who had just climbed out of a taxi, suitcases full of her belongings being stacked next to the door by the driver.
. Stroking Sherlock’s cock, first, then shoving two fingers into Sherlock’s mouth, biting at Sherlock’s ear while he thrust them in and out with a gentleness that belied his words.
‘I’m a bare-knuckle boxing champion,’ Sherlock said, attempting to look haughty. His black and blue and bleeding face and sweat-matted hair spoilt the illusion somewhat.
Sherlock ran off immediately and by the time John reached the hut, Sherlock was already inside. He grabbed hold of John and manhandled him through the door, kicking it shut and then pressing John against it, shoving his lips against John’s.
,’ Sherlock moaned, pulling a face and collapsing onto the sofa. ‘Murdered prostitutes are ten a penny; she probably got too familiar and got herself killed as a result,’ he scoffed, waving his hand in dismissal.
‘It appears Mary’s after your blood again, then, Sherlock Holmes,’ he said. ‘You’ve ruined the cheesy leeks because you insisted on “a good seeing to”, which, if I recall, was administered in exchange for a promise of good behaviour.’
Sherlock laughed, pulling John’s arm around him and grabbing John’s hand, inspecting the lines and moles and marks and scars on it. ‘Glad that didn’t start up earlier. I’d have been quite put off.’
He gets up. Double and triple and whatever nightmares gone. Gone in a second. He has a purpose today. He has a life. He’s not entitled to it. He should keep his hands off it. Yet, he can’t leave it like this. Because this isn’t living.
Sherlock had held John’s hand before. When they had fled from the police, the days where Moriarty’s web was closing in around them. When he had tried to make John stop pulling at his own hair and hitting his head, that night when he had been drunk, a few days ago. John had held his hand too; in handshakes, the first and last. Last being when he had turned his hand palm up, and pulled his coat sleeve up to reveal the track-marks blotching his papery skin.
Sherlock can swear he has seen before. All proud and content, and yet as if it were tutting at the same time.
John’s jaw muscles bulge as he swallows. “Calm. For once. Just… calm. I want to be fucking left alone. Just, just left alone”
Sherlock blinks, then shakes his head no. He is on the fifth bite now, and the four previous ones are already curdled like acid mothballs in his stomach.
As the kettle was flicked on, Sherlock’s eyes took in the table; two jam jars, bread, butter, the plates set out. Bee was pretending to ignore the grown-ups, but when her gaze locked with Sherlock’s she would give an adorable little pout. Oh. She was sulking. He’d have to fix that, when her father went to work. Until then, realizing there were plenty of things left for him to do, he began to butter a slice of bread.
It had been Mycroft’s impasse. The entire flat had to be emptied and swept clean before Sherlock was allowed to move back in. Sherlock had agreed that some restoration was required; he had turned the kitchen into a meth lab, after all. But while he was recovering, Mycroft assumed full responsibility and authority over the entire process. Sherlock’s opinion on what to keep had not been required at any point. In the end, it turned out that everything, lab equipment, books, case files, even mantelpiece decorations, had been cleared away. In many cases, only the furniture was left behind. Upon returning to 221B and finding a beautifully polished husk, Sherlock had assumed Mycroft would enlighten him with some explanations, at least. Preferably, first of all, why Sherlock was only left with a handful of clothes, a laptop, and his phone. And a frozen bank account, with only a new Debit Card for expenses and a, he was informed, monthly allowance for it. But no explanations were given, since his brother had not graced him with a visit, text, or call since the evening of January 5
Sherlock aches. He aches for her to have that. And he longs he could share his love for her too, with someone who could multiply it, someone who already felt it. He wants to boast about her, to praise her in the company of someone who will agree with the praise, to talk about how incredible she is with someone who sees her as a wonder too. He wants to be allowed to do that, to be recognized as able to do that, as worthy enough to do that. It’s funny how both joy and pain are difficult to carry alone.
But now, for the first time in a long while, his brain is well awake and restless, a little busy mouse on the field, little whiskers poised and trembling in the breeze, eyes and ears filled with stimuli and colour.
Sherlock doesn’t speak, but he lets his fork down, expectant. John gets a faint impression that if he spoke, it would be breathless.
“You did not trouble me, no”, John shook his head emphatically. “And really, sod breakfast. It’s fine”. He smiled. Sherlock felt it a little weird to be smiled at so much, like being given too many things to hold with only two hands. But John was already speaking again. “What matters is how you’re feeling. How you can feel better”.
The birds wait until his fingers are but inches away from grasping the, from touching their soft, trembling chest, reaching, reaching… and then they screech in fright and beat their wings and fly away in a cloud of feathers, frail and colourless. The ground beneath his feet grumbles and shifts. Sherlock falls to his knees, to the sound of nearby clatter, and the sound of smashing glass. He, the child he, screams and covers his head as another part collapses, bricks and cement and wood splinters crashing down over him. Another wing is crumbling.
Sherlock is enveloped in John’s arms, his head resting over John’s clavicle, and there is no harm that can ever find him here. In this cocoon there is only John’s heartbeat, not a trace left of the rest of the world. John’s palms keep skimming over his back, rubbing; up and down, over his spine, his nape, and then downwards once more, as if he is putting Sherlock back together again. Piece by piece. Gently.
John appeared in the doorway, two white and red plastic bags of Chinese in his hands. Time slowed, and stopped, and reversed, and the John he saw was six years younger, a careless smile on his lips and his hair messed from the winter breeze, as Sherlock helped him carry the food to the table and announced that they had a new case.
He looks around; it's not dusk or dawn, night or day. It's somewhere indefinite, in-between, but the light is enough to twinkle on the shimmering, rolling hilltops of the little waves. There is no shore visible, and the water is a deep, aquamarine blue, the depths unfolding endlessly beneath him, layers upon layers -and yet he does not feel threatened.
He sits up, slowly, swallowing. Sherlock turns to him. Sharp. Surprised, yet... he’s been waiting. Shame builds up and John can feel his cheeks burning. He brings up a hand, carding through his messy hair, sits up more.
“And then you say you’re not like Dad… Is that how you’re going to bring up Rosie? ‘Don’t want these freaks inside our home, Rosie, do we?’, ‘You can’t see your aunty, Rosie, we don’t talk to people like
Sherlock gets an arm beneath his shoulders and eases him to stand. They both grunt, and John has to heavily lean against him, a reed relying onto another. Sherlock’s ribs protest. Half- pushing, half-dragging, he gets John to sit on the couch, takes his jacket off. John’s eyes are open, but unfocused, and it takes more calls of his name to get his attention.
Every step is a milestone. Each one bringing them closer to their target. John’s feet hit the pavement with determination now. Sherlock supports his rhythm with his own. Polished shoes and long feet interchanging, seamless over grey stone.
The song… What of it? She seemed happy. She wasn’t. She can’t be. John can’t make her. He can’t take care of her. He can’t be a father. He was never meant to be. That’s it. Period.
“Hop, down the stairs we go.” He sing-songs to his baby girl, his little one, his joy. And he hops. He truly does.
One, two, three steps and he’s inside again. Eyes fixed on Sherlock’s slumped figure over the sink. A piece of paper in his hand, the other pulling back from the sink in a tremble. Red staining the tender part of his palm.
Sherlock eyes shift from mug to mug, from teaspoon to teaspoon. He shakes his head to a courteous nod. John doesn’t mind. He doesn’t want to breech the subject either. He pops his shoulder and goes on to bring them biscuits and scones and jam and butter. It’s a sweet breakfast today. He will make sure Sherlock eats something salty later. A ham and cheese melt toastie maybe? They’ve bought a grill he can make it in.
Rosie sits down idle, pouting. Her pirate ship half-sunk, the bubbles dissipating. She inspects them with a critical stare. John huffs.
It goes on for the next few days, seamless and soft and careful, like a flower trying to bloom beneath the winter soil as spring draws closer.
Silence stretches between them. It weighs on his chest, freezes the soles of his feet, sweats his palms.
Sherlock is sitting by the desk, laptop on the morning papers. He types slower than John ever remembers him doing before but he has stopped now. John shoots up a glance, curious.
Diffusion: The net movement of units of a substance from areas of higher concentration to areas of lower concentration of that substance
John puts the milk in the microwave, pressing the learnt-by-heart buttons to bring it to the exact temperature Rosie needs it. When no reply comes, John turns, standing right beside Sherlock and considers him closely. He reaches a hand and pats his palm over a silken-clad shoulder, letting it rest there while he leans in beside him.
“He must have arranged it, yes” He pushes the thought away before it can take hold of him again with icy fingers.
Sherlock doesn’t know what else to do. Somehow, he knows that no fact, no logically sound reasoning, no scientific proof will ease the turmoil in John. But there is not much else he can offer. He can keep trying to be what John used to be for him,
“Morning, Hudders”. He smiles at her, and she pats his arm as he walks down the last step. And then takes a step back, eyeing him up and down and clicking her tongue in approval.
Always more than a landlady, more than a simple owner of the flat he used to be allowed to call ‘home’, more than a housekeeper, always more
He longs for the constant murmur of excitement, of experiments in the kitchen, pacing over hardwood floors, leather sofa or armchair creaking with a familiar body flopping on them. He longs for, for, for-
Silence falls. Their communication has deteriorated. John feels cut off the network, unable to get a proper word out of his lips that would make Sherlock feel any better.
“Ah. Yeah, that was my sister. Harry. We… figured things out”, he balances Honeybee on his hip, as she mumbles ‘awaa’ to a doting Mrs. H -who nonetheless raises an eyebrow at John’s words. Sherlock can guess what she is thinking: the sister that was absent from the wedding, the sister that was absent from the christening, the sister that I have never seen around and about whom you don’t speak, how lovely.
Sherlock may have imagined it, but there is something of a warning in her tone, too, and is suddenly too well-aware that he should be expecting a visit of reconnaissance from her within the next couple of days.
For anyone who comments, leaves kudos, reads once or repeatedly, bookmarks privately or publicly, subscribes or shares: THANK YOU! You all make us run smoothly with our story, thank you!
Rosie is looking, curious, holding herself up by her cot’s bars. Then giggles. John doesn’t remember when he last felt such bliss. He smiles at her, wholeheartedly, and strives to hold her up, cradle her on an elbow, blow a raspberry on her rosy cheek; pleasantly cool.
Warnings (as always present in general form in the tags but repeated here for the particular chapter): panic attack, depression bout.
He got upstairs instead. Shivering. Tucking himself under heaps of blankets. Rosie fast asleep for over an hour now. He got his phone out, bit his lip.
Days and nights. One and the same. No sleep. Just ‘ceiling-watching’. That’s what it had been. For eons, it seemed. Until John met him. That’s what he wishes to have now. Silence in a semi-dark room. Indefinitely. To wound himself, crawl in a ball of covers and stay still, weep or just stare. For eons; again.
He remembers going with it. Not commenting and ignoring Mrs Hudson’s look of shocked disapproval. Christ’s sake, how could he ever believe a manipulative ex(or not so ex)assassin and an army doctor with anger issues and childhood of abuse could ever raise a child together? A child neither of them had said they wanted?
Until he is provoked. Then he will lash out relentlessly. And to obliterate. In this, John is viper-like. Grants no second chances, aims to kill. At least there is an honesty to this. No keep your friends close and your enemies closer with John Watson. Sherlock knows this. He has seen it all before.
Amidst the few other items of clothing he has left. It was here, waiting for him when he returned to 221B. He has not put it on since… Since that day. Since the morgue confrontation. And yet it’s here for him. It’s always been here.
Sherlock Holmes never listened to him anyway. Not when something important was at stake. John is glad this time the value has shifted from criminals to watching over their little girl. Contentment raises in John’s heart and he wants to croon. He can see how Rosie has sneaked behind all those walls and pretences. He can see how Sherlock cares for her. Humanely. Whole-heartedly. With all he has. He can see Rosie always was since the moment she was conceived and always will be important for Sherlock. John is proud of him. And grateful. Even if he is also guilty of not appreciating it as he should have before now, but he hopes he can make up for it. He will do anything in his power to do so.
With practised movements, Sherlock fills the kettle, flicks it on, fetches two mugs, the sugar, the milk. Routines help. They’re all he has in the place of a mind that could deduce, predict. Having a predictable life is all that keeps him on the surface. Small routines. Small steps. Reliable.
“Bond? Alright, alright, I’ll find something else. Even though, for the record, it’s not one film, and definitely not horrible”
The fridge’s mechanical purring starts anew, and John walks stiffly into the kitchen, with not as much as a word. Sherlock waits, lets whatever it is break for air.
He doesn’t know it is over until the warmth of John’s lips has left him. Lost for a moment as to where and why it’s gone, he opens his eyes, only then wondering when he had closed them. John has stepped down, away from reach. But his palm is still cupping Sherlock’s face; John’s index absently scratches his jaw, like one would scratch a cat lovingly under the chin, and his eyebrows join together upwards as the corners of his lips twitch and then curl like that pleased and purring cat’s tail.
Sherlock straightens his spine. The last time, John was in no state to argue, drunk and weakened as he was. Now is different. John has full awareness and can -and possibly will- resist any attempt Sherlock can make to reach him. Sherlock is not sure how much he can help,
We had a little scare losing my cat for some hours tonight, but here you go; big and on time. Your next chapter is waiting for you all <3
“There.” He whispers, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes. He moves away, reluctant but feeling like he has to. For now.
How can someone so young be so wise? Even Sherlock… his eyes sometimes are even younger than John’s daughter…
“It’s okay. We can make something else”, he soothes. “You must eat something. It’s not good to skip breakfast. So we won’t”
This person here will pull all-nighters to not delay a chapter again (even if it was only by a couple of hours xP)
John spoke to him more. About his seminars, support group, therapy. He never gave details about exactly what was being said. But he would comment that it made him feel tired, or that it had troubled him, or that it had given him ideas. Sherlock was thrilled to be participating in John’s recovery in this way, to be someone John could confide in. That was a thing that was different to
John inclines his head and takes the tea from his friend’s hands to leave it on the coffee table. He’s glad his shift changed today, otherwise he’d have missed this, and although he had lost his footing in his friendship with Greg for quite some time now, he hopes to make up for it.
As long as it is not a thing to threaten what they’ve been taught should never be threatened. The illusion. The anonymity. The silence. Hiding behind a euphemism, a slur, a list of vacant expectations. Hiding behind themselves.
The clatter from the bathroom continues. Rosie twitches, agitated. She’s careful when she looks at him, a little frown over her small nose.
“We shouldn’t let it fill too much. So, she can feel the bottom, even sit down on it without the water getting above her belly. She’ll-” The words get swallowed down by the water’s gurgle.
John had spoken as if his addiction was his fault and he could actually control it, its difficulties and outbrusts, as if he were to blame for the darkness he faced, as if his presence was a burden. And Sherlock wouldn’t have that. No bloody way.
A muffled gasp and a twitch, Sherlock has taken his hand away by instinct, biting on his lip. John lets the flashlight fall.
John reaches for a light switch when the shadowed figure doesn’t move nor answer. He dares hope this is not a dream. That he’s not back... back when anything resembling this would most certainly be a dream. Back when Sherlock was-
It does not feel a burden on him, ensuring these. On the contrary. It was the pity that he despised, John’s guilt. He despised being uncertain, because it also made him prone to hurting John more. Now that he knows what he must do, the boundaries, and the limits he should keep himself in, he, too, feels safe.
John carries their mugs to the table and is ready to settle, when a quick glance of his own informs him of what Sherlock was hoping he wouldn’t notice.
“I’ll just go upstairs and, uh… See you in the morning, alright?”, John tries to smile. His façade is up, shoulders squared in his soldier’s stance, his chin jutted out in pride. He’s leaving.
She does not seem phased by it, by anything John does. Not because she emits authority, like Mycroft, but because she radiates indifference. As if his spikes and warnings could never hurt her.
Sherlock looks up from the kitchen table, where he is gathering Rosie’s spoon and two bowls into a small heap.
John does not take long to join them. “Look what I have, Rosie! That should make you feel better in no time!”, he exclaims, presenting her with her washed clean pink elephant. At once she whines in recognition and tries to stand on Sherlock’s chest to reach for it, until her father hands it to her with a kiss. “There”
He can see understanding in Sherlock’s eyes. He can see peace. He can see trust. He hopes he deserves it.
Sherlock's eyes crinkle. Treacherous joy stirs feebly in his chest -like bubbles. But he should be careful. "Of course not". There is a pause. "Wouldn't mind, I mean", he hurries to add, when there is no immediate reaction.
“I am honoured to be your friend”, Sherlock said, softly. He felt the weight that lifted off from John’s shoulders, because it lifted from his, too.
back. So badly. I didn’t want to divert my anger to you for all the wrong reasons anymore, I didn’t- I-... You didn’t deserve that.”
He freezes. The flash of memory is so vivid, he can’t breathe. He looks at himself in the mirror, old, silver hair, untrimmed beard, wrinkles around his eyes. Eyes. His eyes are wide. Then a flash passes. He blinks. His gaze is cold. He looks down and sees his hands shaking. It’s gone. His breaths normal again. His heartrate low. Resigned. He has tried, hasn’t he? So, nothing would work for him…
“Yes?” It’s soft but bitten off. As if John came here with accusations in his mouth and Sherlock is only waiting to hear them.
“Sherlock?” His hand hovers over Sherlock’s cheek. He doesn’t think his voice is even audible but he’s leaning close to Sherlock’s face, making sure to disturb his field of vision. “Sherlock, I need you to sit up for me, could you do that?”
Ten days. Ten whole days. John thinks it’s fine. It’s all fine. Presses himself to believe it is. Pretends it is. Baker Street is more like… No. Not home. He’s not entitled to call it that. Equally though, the house he got back to ten days ago… was just a house. A place where him and his daughter could live for the time being. It strikes him as weird that they had actually lived there for almost three years. It should have been homely, warm, a place to unwind and relax. Protected. Both of them. But it isn’t.
“Do you want to come over here?” John points at their armchairs. “Might as well have an early breakfast?”
John has twenty missed calls by the end of the hour. His shift is done and he is packing up, getting out of his hospital robe which he wore to examine a patient a couple minutes ago at the hospital ward, giving a second last minute opinion with some MRIs before they took them in for surgery.
John inhales. Holds. Sherlock’s eyes drift to the baby chair. The small head with sunshine curls is resting, blissfully asleep, a tiny frown over the small button nose. The glance is meaningful, making John swallow at his ignorance. Of course Sherlock would understand. John has not stopped feeling the iridescent gaze on him, caressing as it comes and goes in slow inspections; as if it were taking stock that everything in their surroundings is in order. Vigilant but gentle, a bird herding its younglings.
His head spins when the second gulp is down as well. He held it in his mouth one second more, making a vain attempt to reconstruct the different tastes on his tongue. He’s much too needy for that to work, it seems.
“Try some? For me?” He offers after a while, prompting Sherlock to munch on his favourite biscuits along with a cup of tea, as careful as if trying to feed a small bird. Usually, it didn’t take much.
He is not sure if it is because she remembers him, or because the gesture always made her happy, or both, but the little one squeals in delight and ‘boops’ him back, little lips kissing his nose messily.
Rosie is tossing and turning in her cot. He is making sure she’s not tangling to her covers when she opens her eyes. He smiles, brushing her cheek.
“Look, I…” John lowered his gaze to his feet, fingers scratching at his nape compulsively. “The past year hasn’t been easy for either of us. We just… We decided to at least try. We are trying. We work better together than apart…”
It is then, he realises in himself the pride of a soldier born again, his mind elevated with the dignity he always carried in battle, his body recognising the cautious and fair judgement over the use of his power, being returned.
Sherlock takes a step in, and then another. He has not been in John’s room with John in it a very long while. He believed it would be an intrusion, lingering in a place that is not open to him. But its owner pats the mattress beside him inviting him closer. Sherlock meekly sits on the very edge of the bed beside John, and offers him the cup.
Everything is frozen. John’s eyes meet the cold, piercing holes of Sherlock’s, dark and silent as the eye of a storm. It’s a countenance he hasn’t seen in quite a while. All in contrast to what he remembers but still the same. Sherlock stands tall over the line in the flooring separating kitchen and living room. He’s barefoot, dressing gown draped over his shoulders, baggy pyjamas falling over his skeleton-like body and his curls are hopelessly ruffled, but he’s still the same man that stood imposing over criminals and policemen, thieves, adulterers, murderers, detectives and inaccurate forensic scientists. Squishing every bit of juice, they had in them with words and puzzles. With truths they hoped to keep forever buried.
Then, there were moments. Moments running smoothly but nothing was right. Moments when John would enter a room and smiles and hushed whispers disappeared. Moments when the little one would reach for a toy and look up at Sherlock, eyes pleading, and John could see. He could see the flood of emotions and communication in the air. It would fill the room like the soft fragrance of rosemary.
His legs guide him to the kitchen again. To Sherlock. John knows he won’t be smiling now… He knows. Because no matter what, he always loses it all. One mistake and it’s all gone. One. Single. Misstep…
Sherlock shivers. It starts from the base of his neck, spreads to his spine, his arms, his belly, like a flock of birds ruffling their feathers. This is familiar, too. It almost hurts, like he is a live wire forced to stay very, quietly, painfully still, but if he waits a little more, if he lets it… Then just like that, he isn’t. He is nothing but the image his eyes are locked upon. They too, lose focus. He is a blur. A blur of ceiling and beige curtains, ashen winter light.
John’s face expression becomes cloudy, as if he feels ashamed with his confession, but his words are sincere. “It’s okay, do whatever you feel comfortable with. Alright? I will respect your every choice, Sherlock. No matter what”
“Just… Just please forget it, I…” John takes a step back. He looks as if something has been torn from him, his face carved with lines, his left hand shaking. Sherlock suffers at the sight, as if his own arm was being sliced open.
He waves the kind fellow away with a scowl. Every step he takes is a nightmare. The wooden walls of the bar entrance are transforming into logs now, built for a campfire and the red carpet is consumed by a fiery blaze, flames sliding, brushing their wetly hot tongues against his dried skin, peeling layers of clothes away to drag against melting flesh.
Another giggle resonates in the space between them and the sparkles turn into fireworks. John beams, back at Rosie. His sole purpose to be the instigator of that sound again. He’s missed her so much. Missed her happiness. Missed opportunities to make her smile again.
“I never agreed”, Sherlock tries to appear haughty, but then John is throwing a blanket over his lap, and so his feet, too.
. Before, talking about feelings like this was sparse. Now, it seemed, John had set their friendship on a new footing. It was still to be tested, but its foundations were there, tiny saplings watered with every moment they spent together. Their late-night kitchen meetings, as Sherlock had dubbed them playfully in his mind, continued.
Sherlock’s lower lip is trembling. His face, it’s an expression he has not seen before. It’s an old man facing betrayal for the umpteenth time, it’s a child feeling pain for the first. It’s the glance John did not see when he went to that hospital to say goodbye. It’s the knowledge of that glance that hurts the most; of a soul that knows, just
She’s made him disappear. Made him crawl into a cocoon of failure, of guilt and self-blame. Why can’t she leave him alone already? She does not care. She does not care if he’s sober, if his daughter is better. She hasn’t even met Rosie, for fuck’s sake! How can she insinuate that she knows what’s best?
John probably came to check on him last night. He must have been exhausted so fell asleep without meaning to.
Sherlock’s lower lip is quivering when John gets back, fingers soft, calloused but tender over his wrist, guiding his palm open again.
John bit his lip. He had hurt so many people… Especially those he most loved… All because of one woman that couldn’t care less about her own family. His jaw tightened. It was his fault too… A lot of it. But he wasn’t the only one and he couldn’t help feeling angry outside of himself too. There were certain things, all on him, that he needed to fix. But the biggest ones… the biggest ones, dragging him down to the dirt… he carried all his life… and they weren’t his fault. Were they?
But there was one detail. One detail that changed everything, whose cognitive dissonance was so loud it echoed through his mind, bouncing from one skull bone to the next.
He had reached Honeybee’s side. Her cheeks had been blotched with red, her curls bouncing wild on her head. He had stood frozen with the rage that burned a few feet away, scorching everything in its vicinity. A knot had climbed from his stomach to his chest.
When Sherlock is getting ready to go to sleep, his head is brimming with images, cut stills of film. He sees John bouncing Rosie on his knees, his voice a little higher when he sings but with the same timbre. Sees Honeybee humming and clapping and giggling, blond and silver heads bent together, identical button noses rubbing against each other. And then the light of that memory dims. He sees John’s tired eyes, after he managed to finish Honeybee’s bath and put her to sleep, the creases on his forehead. Remembers Honeybee’s wailing, supple like a reed in the wind.
John watches as Sherlock tries to hide a small smile and leans down to place a soft and lingering kiss over Rosie’s forehead. John Watson watches and it’s the brightest he’s felt in his new sober life.
“Originally, Alaskan Malamutes were used to transport goods, haul heavy loads with sleds.” Sherlock starts with a small, supposedly exasperated, sigh. Rosie rests her cheek on John’s chest and watches as Sherlock’s hands come to life, gesturing along to help her understand. “That’s why nowadays, they are known as sled dogs. They have huge amounts of stamina, they don’t tire easily and they are accustomed to a cold climate, to snow, bad weather. Their breed is arctic after all.”
He waits outside the closed door, shuffling his weight from one foot to the other. Too nervous to walk away, too giddy to stay. Takes in his surroundings instead. The corridor, just as it always was, smelling of a lavender candle in the one tiny high self just above his eyeline. A picture of a black and white forest accompanying the little flame. Constricted flame. Unmoving. Safe. The kitchen door, a few steps to the left, all in order. The carpet unburned, the wooden doorframes steady as rocks, the walls not crumbling in, their normal tapestries only destroyed where they used to be by none other than the consulting detective himself in his frenzy to avoid boredom. Not smoked. Not black. Not on fire.
. Mrs Hudson always had food ready for them, now, taking care of them these past few weeks. Well, taking care of
They spend some time in companionable silence sipping tea and Sherlock even starts nibbling some eggs, legs curled under his body, plate on his lap. John takes a plate with two scones on, their gazes locking for a fleeting moment. John gives an encouraging nod and they look back on their plates again. Understanding is passing between them with every gesture. Pity is non-existent, as it should be. Companionship and genuine care are highlighted. John hopes Sherlock feels it too.
Chloe hums at that extra piece of information. John doesn’t care what she thinks -which is probably something good anyway-, he is proud of his fight to recovery. It’s for his daughter, for his little girl, for Sherlock and for his own self. He should be proud and he is. At his best moments.
“There.” He rests the tray on the empty side of the bed. It takes him a moment to realise Sherlock will not sit up on his own. Will not eat on his own. Will not get through this -whatever it is- on his own.
Sherlock waits until the no doubt mesmerized waitress has walked away before he looks again. He finds John’s gaze on him.
Faceless greetings. That’s what they’ve become. Every time he leaves for work or returns from it. All blurred into one. He has forgotten how these people - Greg, Molly, Angelo when no one else is available, even Donovan passing once – were actually there to take care of both his daughter and check in on the detective in the early mornings. Forgotten to thank them. To express gratitude. He doesn’t know how to do that anymore.
A crash. He turned around, startled. Sherlock was curled in the armchair, his eyes on the sight in front of John. He saw his jaw muscles clench. And then the grey eyes had flown away. He let his eyes trail lower. Lower. To the mess a few steps away.
“Maybe he lives in an apartment with a secret door.” John continues to nudge, hopeful. “Hiding all the treasures he steals behind it. A cave of hard steal no one could get into.”
With the last impetus of his fading anger he reaches his phone. It vibrates in his palm. He turns it screen-down before he can see why and presses the home button as if he’s strangling the life out of its helpless plastic body. One. Two. It vibrates again, a last broken whine. And it’s dead.
The voice rasps and he is thrown back to reality, to his sister, to his anger, his slow progress, their home, their healing, their family.
John looks at him, for a hard, long while. He seems genuinely perplexed. And then he sits on the chair beside his.
John breathed, taking in scent molecules to last him hours. He hoped they could last him months. Years. It was familiar. It was Sherlock. It was home. He smiled. Chapped skin tugging at nerves as his lips curled. Was this a good dream? He didn’t know, but it was pleasant enough for now.
Sherlock knows what John’s hand twitching means (anxiety), what it means if he does not finish his tea (tight stomach, nerves), if he flinches at a sound (PTSD trigger), if he smiles when what he is saying is not something to smile about (he is very, very Angry). From these, a mosaic of infinitesimal details he can piece together John’s mood, what he will do next. But not John himself; what he is thinking when he has not said a word for hours, what he longs for when he’s lonely, what keeps him going every new morning, what memories he has that make him happy. In that respect, John has always been a closed book.
He is bleeding a lot. John bites his lip. He has to stop that first. Then they can resolve the reason as well.
Sherlock’s head snaps, eyes drilling holes in John’s forehead, lips curling to a self-mocking smile.
John guides the curl away, lets it rest behind Sherlock’s ear. His movements slow and reverent. A patch of skin brushing against Sherlock’s helix. He draws back, watching him, trying to match his own breaths with his. Sherlock’s eyelids slide open. Slow and unsure. John catches a gasp inside his throat at the empty gaze that despite everything can always pin him in place. He almost curses himself as it travels through the air to find him, focusing for a fleeting moment, resting on him. Deep iridescent, ever-changing blue orbs. John swallows, taking in red-rimmed corneas filled up with years and years of sorrow and sadness. Emotion, that should perplex Sherlock himself, is crashing against John in waves at the eye-contact and John is ready to reach, bridge a gap that has always been there since-
. ‘Friday. Right’. What was he up to on a Friday morning? Sherlock was sure he had a shift in a while. And anyway, John does not eat in the mornings. Sherlock does not have anything that requires cooking. It was quite a puzzle. A puzzle he was not inclined to solve. He listened, and let his body weigh down into the mattress, and his eyes close.
It’s weird. Walking to the room from that angle. With his casual change of clothes, he wears at home. Everything implies where he slept. Reminding both of them.
“More like a pirate ship, innit?” He thinks out loud as she pokes his hand with her spoon, glancing up at his best friend.
“I don’t want to press him.” He tuned to his own feelings on the matter, not wanting to compromise Sherlock’s privacy more.
“On the last day of September!” A pause accompanied by giggles from both, has John’s eyes searching for his friend’s across the room.
In the kitchen, he sets the kettle to boil, then leaves the tea to brew. Every movement is calculated and precise.
The folds of the covers stretch and then fall back down in separated increments. John blocks all other thoughts, his mind screeching to a halt, alarms blaring. Something is off. Terribly so. He tries not to panic, observes the breathing coming from the bundle of bedsheets and blankets. Sherlock is shaking, shivering, just breathing?
It had felt like waking up on the wrong side of the looking glass. Looking at his reflection in the mirror and seeing that it was another face looking back at him. The words John had spoken weren't at all what he had been expecting to hear. Not from John's mouth.
When Sherlock does, truly as John expected, like a small boy waiting for his vaccine, there’s something shivering behind those blue orbs of light. John applies the liquid to the wound, listening in for the hissing breath but none comes. As they wait for it to work its magic on the open wound for some moments, John reaches with a tentative hand on the white-knuckled grip of Sherlock’s other hand over the crumbled piece of paper.
In lieu of any proper reply there is an almost comical shrug of the shoulders. Sherlock serves himself some scrambled eggs. John scratches at the jeans he’s already changed into, contemplating, before reaching to take a fork as well.
Fear is a black weight at the pit of his stomach. If he asked, John could see it as overstepping. As much as John was concerned, Sherlock was an addict. Pile that on all the other reasons why Sherlock had been deemed unfit of being within a ten-metre radius of a child. Of course, John had seen him interact with Rosie; had let him take care of her, while her mother was on her wild goose chase around half the world. But that was before.
Sherlock reaches, his fingers coiling around it. John lets him. Rosie is not going to stay quiet for long after all. Not that quiet is what John wants. It’s his next nightmare on the list. He just wants, needs, hopes for calm. Just calm. Why can’t he help her be calm? John’s fear starts becoming a reality. Of her crying, exposing his incompetence, labelling him. Stupid. It’s stupid. He’s stupid. He shouldn’t think or feel like that. He should focus on her. On her needs. Instead of what he is lacking. He’s not meant to be a father. A proper one. But he can learn. Can’t he? He has learnt over the past years. Has tried. Has given up. He can try again. His failure is not a given. He recognises his wrongs. He can fix them. He is trying.
“Why would… Why would you think I would leave? Now?” There’s caution in the higher notes of Sherlock’s intonation. Lurking.
. He swallows and shoves the phone back into the pocket of his nightgown. He hesitates to step out of the relative safety of his still-dark room.
“Yes.” John hesitates for a moment, oscillating between his feet, flowers blooming in his mind until he finally touches Sherlock’s shoulder. He takes a deep breath, leaning over them both, leaving a kiss on Rosie’s little head. A worried Sherlock is looking at him, direct and expecting. John squeezes his fingers over impossibly jutting out bones. God, he needs to take better care of them both… “I am sure. Trust me. She’ll be alright.”
“I did not want to-“, he started. His voice was gravelly, but clearing it more only gave a layer of coppery tang to the back of his tongue. “-Trouble you. Or miss breakfast”
“Hush... hush, little girl...” he whispered, lips resting over her shiny little forehead. “I’m sorry... Forgive me. I’ll do better.”
“It’s Harry.” She grumbles, still startled from Sherlock’s sudden appearance, averting her gaze from him.
John’s hand retreats, and they are apart again, the bridge between them gone. Only then does it truly down to Sherlock in all its magnitude:
The tone is determined. Sober. John’s eyes snap, look away, then slide back again. He knows what’s coming. It’s only logical.
John can hear the tentative tone. Checking, needing reassurance, caring. Rosie’s fever could have come back after all.
She pushes it away, lips firmly closed before he can even finish his sentence. He leaves it on the table, straightening his spine with his shoulder aching, trying to restrain himself. He brushes a palm over his eyes, groaning as she wails.
Pulsing through his temples. Like rage. Like that day. Like fists and kicks and bloodied curls. A vicious animal. Growing in darkness. Feeding on fear. Scratching claws and teeth below his iced surface. Trapped underwater in a frozen lake. Freezing and burning itself raw. Ugly.
Sherlock had never shown any indication that he would ever want to move. The last time he was staying elsewhere was before they moved in together and before that, John isn’t sure how many times Sherlock moved places. They don’t really talk about past the point they met. Except John’s military history and Sherlock’s drug addiction, they never asked or started a conversation on anything before Baker Street. John is sure Sherlock has done his fair share of deductions but John himself… He is in the dark. He knows Sherlock studied Chemistry, is a trained boxer and swordsman and fighter in a probably huge number of martial arts, was taught the violin -but could figure out composing on his own maybe?- and therefore has experience with the piano as well, but other than that… John has nothing except the last seven years… and he is supposed to know the man better than anyone.
It was surreal. Sherlock closed the door of the bathroom behind him, and slowly peeled away his shirt and dress trousers. Entirely surreal.
John brings his finger between them, holding it for Sherlock to inspect. He nods, satisfied and John sits back on their Persian rug with a smile. The fire’s warmth is floating towards them at a slow pace. The -only a tiny bit- damp wood catches and bursts, pops with the heat, releasing any trace of humidity from inside its cracks. No smoke is coming out to dull the room. A job well done.
John’s phone vibrates in his jean pocket. He bids his goodbye to the worried mother persisting her son had pneumonia; to the point John had to mention he had served in the army for her to believe him and pull rank to reassure her.
him. A need he has been denying so much that it has consumed it, all of him, so that now, in this very moment, all that’s left of him is need. To hold. To be held. To touch.
“I hoped, since you were looking for me, I hoped… you might forgive me. I hoped you wanted this-” He gestures between them, throat tight. “You wanted this back. And if you did… Sherlock, if you did want this back, I wanted it too. I remember… I was angry but I wanted
Sherlock walks closer. With every impact of fist on metal his ears feel as if they are flinching, but the rest of him is still, immovable. He has faced a raging John before, a John that tried to hurt himself, that growled and trembled like a beaten, stray dog.
He rubs his eyes a bit before snapping a picture with a thumbs up and a genuine grin, but he doesn’t really mind if Sherlock sees how the picture and text made him emotional. Not anymore. He has nothing to be ashamed of. He is a father and he is going to honour it, honour her as she deserves.
Forgotten auras. Moments of pleasant companionship. Of constant working of the genius’ mind. Of John’s admiring exclamations and of walls filled with pins, newspapers and photographs. Of ciphers and locked room murders. Of excitement and danger. Stake-outs and lie-ins.
There’s some version of himself down the road. Shouting. He can feel it in his throat. Hoarse. Dry. He can see the man fall from the ground. And the roof. All at once. All too much. His foot is on the ledge and his mouth is screaming. Muscles stretching. Lips breaking. Throat burning.
“Want to?..”, John pats his thighs and indicates Sherlock’s legs with a small movement of his head -legs which are currently stretched across the coffee table. Despite how novel the freedom of making such requests is, despite the slight tremor in his voice, John’s words ring natural -as if there is no other way for them to sit on the couch together, as if this is the way things should be.
“We need to give Sherlock a break, alright little darling?” He whispers over her head, hiding the plushie behind his back and giving her a serenade of noisy kisses.
Sherlock’s gaze feels peculiar on John’s skin, a strange warm tingle. He dares to glance up and he sees why. Sherlock shakes his head, just a bit, the movement infinitesimal, waking him up. His lips are parted and John this time allows himself to think that Sherlock might be surprised. John revels in it, in secret, raising his cup and taking a sip.
He adores her, but nonetheless lets out a sigh of relief when she is downstairs again -and finds that John has done the same.
“I owe you an apology -but trivialities are scarcely of any use now. I understand my behaviour two nights ago was immature and irresponsible. It is something you should not be subjected to, especially now, given the burdens you carry. Your requirements for recovery cannot possibly be met while I am sharing your space”
Sherlock’s gaze is unfocused. John’s fingers brush over his palm like flower petals once more. He extends it forward yet again. Trusting.
“Every day. I know how you hate it. But trust me. The next blood results will definitely be rewarding. These oranges were the sweet ones, I promise” John turns from the sink towards him. His voice is how one would coax a scared puppy from under a car. “I even double-checked. Come on. Bottoms up”
John pauses at the doorway, a steaming cup of tea in each hand. Sherlock looks away. For a moment, there is stillness atop the oppressing silence. The ‘avoid and pretend’ that makes Sherlock’s ribcage seem as if made of lead.
“Shh-shhh… shhh…” He tries to calm his shaky reassurances, focus on his breathing but it’s too tight, too hot in here.
To see the few things he saw on Harry tonight, he had to wreck his brain, scratch it raw, squeeze and squeeze and squeeze it until his vision was swimming with the effort to read, read,
“I lost my patience with Rosie in the morning. Threw an anger fit. Sherlock was there...” he loses the words, remembering the terror.
Never daring to ask. John longed to hear those words; “May I... can I hold her?”. In any form, they would be enough. But Sherlock never asks. Never indicates his longing to do so either. But he’s always ready. Arms always waiting for when he’ll be granted with the gift to hold her. Equally, no objection left neither of their lips when John leaned close to take her. It was all a game. That’s all it was.
John stands and makes sure his scarf is folded warmly around his tall neck. Hands in pockets, a blanket over Rosie, they reach the edge of Paddington Restoration park and catch a taxi. Sherlock leans his head to the cold window, his breath shaping foggy patches over the glass, his characteristics sharp as glass themselves.
Sherlock sees her from the kitchen door first. Impeccably dressed, in a beige suit and pink shirt, gold earrings matching a necklace of tiny pearls. Her hair is cut just above the shoulder, straight, and dirty blond in colour. Her perfume assaults his nose, but her aura is worse; crackling around her, swirling with red, red,
John has been banished to the corridor while whoever it is who does these things moves the body. Bodies.
He sees Sherlock lounging on the sofa, his head on a pillow, a glass of water and half-empty sleeve of crackers on the stool.
John lifts his right hand and gently holds Sherlock’s head in place as he glides the razor from the mandibular joint down to Sherlock’s jawline, revealing smooth, pale skin beneath the foam.
Is he sleeping? John’s confident that Sherlock’s going to sleep most of the day away going by how he acted the night before and that morning. But...with no one there to wake him how will John know that he hasn’t slipped into a coma? He didn’t get a CT scan, there’s no other way of knowing if there was any severe brain damage.
Sherlock had suspected, of course, but he didn’t want to believe it. Didn’t want John to be hurt, and didn’t want to get his own hopes up.
John lunges, grabbing the man around the middle and pulling. They tumble to the ground in a heap, the gravel of the sidewalk tearing into both of their skins.
The chairs are never comfortable in hospitals. They're always hard and plastic or poorly cushioned and too small. It's a horrible design error. The people sitting in these chairs are already miserable, why add to their discomfort?
John doesn't hear her walk away, but when he finally sits up, slowly, he doesn't see her nor anyone else nearby.
Nodding, John grasps Sherlock's hand, his stomach warming when he receives a reassuring squeeze back. "Okay."
At first, John keeps his mouth closed, but can’t help himself from opening them when Sherlock swipes at the seam with his tongue. John reciprocates, Sherlock softly gasping as he relaxes in John’s arms.
He certainly does. He relishes the feeling of the hair catching at his fingertips, the warm skin, and the slide of foam. Oh, he certainly does massage for longer than necessary.
His hand is shaking and the flashes of memory that make his heart burn and his body crumble with guilt are not utterly gone. The key is somehow by miracle fitting into the lock. His feet following straight lines are another paradox he doesn’t know how to explain. Maybe they don’t. He leans against the wall, feels trails of wetness over his cheeks but can’t wipe it away. A palm is pressed against his left shoulder. A hiss leaves his lips between clenched teeth.
The love that acknowledges, hungry to learn more. The love that doesn’t ignore the hard times, doesn’t put away the shouting matches, doesn’t slither viciously past difficulties only to encounter them as a mountain and flee. It’s knowledge of one’s self. Understanding. Extending to one another, engulfing all of the quirks and triggers. Knowledge of each other. Ever-changing, always new, ever-growing as two people grow together or apart and together again. Made of clashes and truces, circling.
Neither of them speaks for a while as Rosie tries to feed her elephant this time, and babbles excitedly when its pink face is slathered with cream.
Sherlock has heard him. His tall frame moving in a careful manner over the kitchen counter, a hand stirring vegetables on a pan with a wooden spatula. Lips tugged sideways in pleasurable concentration. John sniffs the air one more time, getting out of his coat -quite chilly out today-, and scratches his bearded jawline.
“Do not worry dear. She had not been outside in a while, she must have caught some little bug or other. It’s alright”
Disappointing. He can’t keep up with anything. He’s so far behind that it’s better to let go. Let go, say goodbye and stop grabbing onto life so helplessly. Wouldn’t that be brave to do? Wouldn’t that honour his past? His history? Wouldn’t that appease them? Letting them have a better life without him?
“And Mr Watson?” She smiles as Sherlock stands and before he can object in any way, she tiptoes to glimpse at Rosie’s hidden face, without getting close enough to scare her. “And who might you be, little one?”
John meets his gaze and Sherlock’s lips part in surprise. There’s wonder in his eyes and John feels it prickly inside his stomach. Giddiness? Hope? Anticipation? He straightens, raising on his knees. He bows his head, humble in supplication, gaze fixed on Sherlock’s long, freezing fingers. He almost stops just to affectionately rebuke him of this, that he should keep them under his blanket and near the fire.
“Just… Thank you.” He presses his lips together, feels the dry cracks and draws them between his teeth, wetting them with his tongue as he considers, looking low at his hands. “Not just for this… when I came back from work… But for this morning. Rosie. It has been a while since I- I had the chance to experience… Her. Her firsts. Her achievements. Something particular she did so I could remind her and tell her how proud I am because of it.”
They stopped avoiding each other. Before, Sherlock had been careful to keep his body well away from John’s periphery. John was not the old John, his John -not since the wedding, maybe not since Sherlock had come home. Sherlock was not allowed to read over his shoulder, stand too close to him, accidentally brush arms, and knees under the table with him. John had not seemed to notice, much less want to bridge the physical gap between them. Even in the past, he had often complained about Sherlock’s lack of understanding of personal space, on the blog and to strangers, sometimes to Sherlock himself. So, Sherlock thought he had been doing the right thing, since John had never wanted that proximity anyway. But he was surprised to find that now John seemed to orbit him. It was discreet, and small enough a change that it could have gone unnoticed. But it didn’t. If Sherlock drifted to the kitchen, John would follow to perch on the table. If Sherlock returned to his armchair, John was bound to join him a few moments later. The one time their knees brushed under the table, John had not moved away. They had stood side by side to wash the dishes, and John had not pulled away when Sherlock’s movements had accidentally brought him close enough for the side of their forearms to touch as they worked. When both were at 221B, John never left Sherlock’s side for longer than 6.42 minutes. Sherlock counted.
runs the blade over the skin, startlingly aware of how close he his to Sherlock’s lip and how he could easily cut the thin skin.
John scrambles to retrieve his wallet from the ground before the junkie wakes, his palms scraping against the pavement in his hurry.
As soon as the surgeon leaves the room, John throws the digital clock that’s sitting on the side-table at the wall. The fact that he can’t even use his dominant hand angers him even further.
Noticing that he’s probably been looking for much longer than is decent, John takes a breath and stands. “I’m gonna go shower. Eat at least some of that, would you?”
Nothing happens. No angry quip, no struggling against his bonds, nothing. His only movement is the shallow rise and fall of his chest.
John receives no response, but he can't bring himself to hang up, to lower the phone, sever the connection.
“Miss,” says a soft, frail voice. “I apologize for the inconvenience but if you don’t lower your voice, I’m going to have to ask you to leave. You’re disturbing the other customers.”
Buzzing and beeping ring along the line, going for much longer than expected. He almost gives it up as a lost cause when he hears a click, and a concerned, "John?"
“Yeah. Thought you would’ve run away from the crazy man who gave you a concussion and took you into his home.”
But he doesn't get more than two steps in front of himself before John grabs him with a firm hand on his elbow. “
When his fingers casually brush against a customer’s, he thinks about the electric feeling across his skin whenever he touched Sherlock, and how he desperately wants to kiss the man again.
Keeping Sherlock’s head in place, John kisses first his top lip, then the lower. Sherlock makes a noise almost like a cry before he holds John’s hand to his face with his own.
John pauses when he reaches Sherlock’s waistband, his breath hot and ghosting over the prominent bulge in them. He glances up, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“Yes,” Sherlock says as he stands. The couch is new. Leather. It squeaks in protest with every movement.
He hesitantly ventures to the bedroom door. He stumbles after a few halting steps and grabs onto John for balance. Almost immediately, he recoils away. He lunges towards the door’s threshold after one more clumsy step, clinging desperately to the frame.
They lapse into silence after that, punctuated by the tap of John’s chopsticks and Sherlock’s slurping. It’s not nearly as awkward as the night before, but John latches onto something Sherlock said to dispill the quiet.
Kneeling down at Sherlock’s side, John unceremoniously places his hand on Sherlock’s forehead, feeling his temperature. Sherlock flitches back when John touches the sore bump, but doesn’t pull away.
“…What?” John breathes out. He looks Sherlock over but doesn’t see any blue and purple bruises, or red scrapes against his skin. Sherlock is as perfect as John knows he is. “You lied to me,” John says. Not a question, but a statement.
John stares at the ceiling, examines the now-familiar cracks, and feels adrift in the sea of his emotions.
Sherlock responds by blowing his nose. “That’s not...what people normally say,” he says, his voice nasally and weak.
“I-I was leaving ballet practice, and-” Sherlock sniffs. “-and some guys from school saw me come out and-”
“That’s...wow,” John exhales. “Is that a thing you can do? It’s like what you did last night; how–how do you do that?”
Almost awe-struck at the sight, John rubs the lotion between his hands and, hesitantly, rubs circles into Sherlock’s cheeks and jaw, massaging the lotion into his skin.
The man takes it, his plump lips wrapping around the ice. It looks obscene, and John has to force himself to look away.
John gives a small cough of distraction as he cleans Sherlock’s face, avoiding his eye. The skin is still very slightly rough, miniscule hairs the blade missed. John normally would have done another go against the grain, but he doesn’t think he could have stood that much prolonged contact.
He wrestles the thief into submission, forcing his head down on the pavement. He hears a decidedly audible
When John arrives back at the laundromat, he finds Sherlock’s clothes in a wet heap at the bottom of the washing machine. He quickly transfers them over to a dryer.
“Sherlock?” He tries to call, but his voice cracks with sleep. He clears his throat and calls louder, “Sherlock?”
“I know this may seem like basic stuff, but I need to say them. Now, is there anything that you’ll eat?”
The man’s large hands shift over his abdomen, raise to cup his ears, and then move to cover his eyes.
John sighs, leaving him to get under the covers himself. He grabs his pajamas from his dresser and leaves the room to change into them in the bathroom. As he’s leaving, he peeks back into his room and sees that the man hasn’t moved, but his breathing is deep and even. Feeling slightly reassured, John moves into the living room.
“In the event of a head injury, it is imperative to keep the patient awake and aware,” John nearly quotes his textbook.
John feels a hand at the back of his neck the same moment he notices faint stubble rasping against his upper lip. Responding in kind, John places his hands on the other person’s shoulders, standing on his toes to get a better angle. The stranger’s other hand grabs at John’s hip.
The next night, John finds himself shooting upright in bed and panting, the lingering feeling of terror not ebbing with wakefulness.
“If Sherlock does move in with you, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to...ease your way.”
Once he's back in England, John’s told he has to see a therapist. Supposedly, it’s to help him integrate back into civilian life. That night, after his first session with Ella Thompson where she tells him to keep a blog that John knows will stay empty, he doesn’t throw anything, even though he wants to.
Standing still for a few moments, the man takes a tentative step forward, and then another. He turns his head and looks at John as if to say,
After a short moment, John feels his mobile vibrate in his pocket. John frowns, pulling out his mobile.
John takes his time to marvel at the beautiful man underneath him, the wonderful man who agreed to be with him, and says that he loves him back.
They sit there in silence until the thermometer beeps. Sherlock obediently opens his mouth, John taking it and reading from the display.
Not wanting to disturb the little rest Sherlock may be getting, John quiets his footsteps as he walks down the hall toward the bedroom. He turns the knob slowly and pushes the door open.
“No, I need Sherlock where is he,” John pleas as he follows the woman into the restaurant, no doubt looking out of place and raggedy with his sweat-covered brow and agitated movements.
“There are things that I just can’t understand. I have tried, and I have been belittled in my attempts. You always tell me to stop being such a machine, and when I do
As John recites the information, the junkie sighs and leans more into the pillows against his back, his eyes closed.
"Is there anyone you'd like us to call for you?" the doctor's voice soft and placating. It's irritating and grating on John's ears. He wants her to shut up and leave him to simmer in anger and regret.
John can feel Sherlock's surprise and hesitance as his arms come up to cover his body with the flaps of his coat, giving John the illusion of more privacy.
After ten more minutes of tense silence, the car drives into what seems like an abandoned warehouse. As the car stops, the headlights shine over a man leaning on an umbrella and a simple chair resting in front of him.
Turning away, John grabs the washcloth and re-wets it, running it under warm water. When he turns back, he sees Sherlock looking at him intensely.
arrives home at 11:36 that night, later than he has ever been since Sherlock’s arrival, he heaves a relieved sigh. He’s ready to sleep for a solid 12 hours, and maybe give himself the luxury of sleeping through his first class.
When he opens his eyes he sees Ella standing in the doorway, smiling. Odd, he hadn’t heard the door open.
John stands and moves to the dresser, quickly and surely changing out of his clothes and into his pajamas before slipping under the sheets.
“You know,” John says as he shovels fried rice into his mouth, “I half expected you to be gone by the time I got home.”
After a painful flirting failure with Anthea, John unlocks the door to his bedsit and braces himself to find his home robbed or empty.
John takes him, thrusting slow and deep. Wringing this out as long as he can, he wants to please and pleasure Sherlock- the man who saved him from himself and made his life worth living.
John looks towards Sherlock, his eyes flirting between panic and plea. “You don’t have to- if you’ve- got plans- but… we’ve been talking and we thought- Ella thought that- uh, if we had a session together then we might- be able to, erm, work some more stuff out because- so much has happened and neither of us are very good at- emotions and all of that, and-”
The air between them is palpable in its tension. Unable to stand a silent Sherlock for too long, John finally speaks. "I'm actually glad that Mary's gone," he admits, staring at the wall of the hallway opposite him.
John has been in similar situations before, of course. Normally, though, he is helping the stranger along in the de-robing process with a mutually beneficial and expected outcome at the end. This, however, feels infinitely more awkward yet much more intimate than any of his previous dalliances.
John brings up his free hand up to cup Sherlock’s other cheek, Sherlock’s following to cover his, and rubs his thumbs into Sherlock’s cheekbones. Sherlock presses into John’s hands, seeking the touch. John wants to cry.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet, nothing you’d feel...uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
John thinks about Sherlock’s shaking arms and fingers and his stumbling steps from the bed to the door. Will the heat from the shower make him pass out? He hasn’t eaten, his blood sugar is most assuredly too low, and the concussion won’t make things any better. Will he faint and hit his head again? Making his concussion even worse? John doesn’t think that Sherlock can withstand another head injury, at least without proper medical assistance.
When the coffee steam rises up into his face, he thinks about Sherlock slipping or fainting in the shower, falling unconscious, bleeding and drowning in the water.
John raises his hand to place on Sherlock’s shoulder, but he hesitates, his hand stuttering halfway. It falls back to his side.
A junkie in need of his next fix, reduced to thievery for money. John feels regret and shame that he kissed him, was planning on sleeping with him.
He lets himself study the rest of the man in front of him, and it suddenly seems very significant that Sherlock is wearing his clothes.
Lost in thoughts and anxieties, John lets his feet guide him back home after his shift. He doesn’t quite expect to find Sherlock there when he arrives, and he doesn’t know if that makes him relieved or sad.
By the time John has woken up proper, the sun is high in the sky and shining angrily through the window. John mutters and rolls over to mush his face into the mattress, hiding from the sun’s glare. He reaches his arm out across the sheets to wrap Sherlock in his arms, but finds it empty and cold. John frowns.
Poor John hasn’t gotten laid in quite some time. With work, and class, and studying, and homework, and class again he just hasn’t got the time. If this is the universe’s way of getting him off, then, well. Beggars can’t be choosers.
He continues to read his textbook until the sky darkens and the city-sounds from outside diminish. He sets his textbook aside and pulls his arms above his head, stretching his back and groaning in relief.
His waking hours are filled with waves of adrenaline cresting and crashing, exhausting his energy. His nights are nothing but vague feelings of running away. Even in sleep he can’t rest.
While he’s waiting for a response, he gets ready for his classes, steadfastly avoiding Sherlock until he’s asleep in John’s bed once more, looking like the paintings
Sherlock lugs himself upright, pushing the sleeves off his shoulders. He struggles to get them off past his elbows, trying to take both sleeves off at the same time with uncoordinated and tired muscles.
He checks the junkie’s eyes with the penlight once more, the routine practically set in stone even after only one night.  When he is satisfied, he sets the penlight aside, stretches, and sighs.
“My hands are shaking,” Sherlock says as he holds his hands out. They tremble in the air between them.
He is definitely, completely and wholly, besotted with the ridiculous man currently sleeping in his bed.
John’s eyes skip over the sizeable bump forming on the stranger’s forehead, refusing to feel guilt at its existence.
He asks Mrs. Hudson if there is anything else he can do at the café, but instead she pulls him into her adjoining flat, sits him down, and makes him tea.
John jabs at the end call button on the screen with little satisfaction. The lack of a hinge to slam closed or a receiver to slam down frustrates him. He throws his mobile onto the other end of the sofa.
“NO!” The junkie flails, raking his fingernails against anything he comes into contact with. His feeble swipes barely leave a mark on John’s skin. “Leave!”
When John's bedsit comes into sight after several long minutes, he lets out a sigh of relief. “Think you can walk?”
John grabs his cane from where it’s leaning against the booth and balances himself against it, getting ready to leave.
John settles Sherlock into the cushions and hands him his cereal. “Eat as much of that as you can,” John says, sitting on the other side of the couch and starting in on his own breakfast.
John twists the man’s arm behind his back, a muffled scream coming out of his mouth. John ignores it.
John wishes that he at least had taken a picture with the man, just prove to himself that he existed.
help yourself, and I can’t help you if you don’t want it. Next time I hear from you, it better be because you’re cleaning up your act. Bye.”
Immediately, John retrieves the duvet from the bedroom and drapes it over Sherlock’s form, tucking the edges in, exceedingly aware of the intimacy of the gesture. Sherlock’s body is startlingly hot even through the blanket.
’s then stomps out of the café, her heels clicking briskly against the floor, no doubt leaving to write a negative Yelp review.
“Here, lay down. Let me patch you up and then you need to rest.” John gestures toward the sofa, not caring to try and guide the man across the distance; John senses that he would only deny the help.
It feels odd to be there again after what happened. He feels like he was ripped out of his own life and placed into someone else’s, only to realize they had the wrong person and put him back where they found him.
John stares at the man for a long moment, feeling strangely protective of Sherlock and offended that someone would think he could be bribed. “No.”
“You want to make sure no one finds out that you tackled a homeless person to the ground and gave them a concussion.”
The pressure makes Sherlock groan out a breath and melt into the sheets. Sherlock doesn’t respond and John doesn’t say anything, either.
He's waiting for Sherlock to arrive. There's been a murder. A brutal one. How John got to the scene before Sherlock, his compromised mind doesn't supply a plausible reason.
Sherlock’s only been gone for a handful of minutes but John already feels an ache forming in his chest.
In a whirlwind of limbs, the junkie tears himself away from John's grasp and backs himself up against the wall of the building lining the sidewalk, his hand outstretched in feeble protection. “No! No, you’re not taking me there.”
“Hm. And since yesterday you’ve taken him in and are washing his clothes. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
That night, John goes to sleep thinking about how he desperately wishes he wasn’t sleeping on the couch.
John doesn’t remember going to him, but the next thing he knows he’s vigorously rubbing his hands up down Sherlock’s arms, desperate to warm him up.
Sherlock shivers at the cold air, and John rubs warmth back into his skin in apology. He can feel his calluses catching at Sherlock’s skin.
He practically runs into the den and throws open his front door, hoping that Sherlock only stepped out for some fresh air.
After that first day, John is overcome with loneliness whenever he’s at his empty bedsit. He asks Mike and his other coworkers if he could cover some shifts for them, needing the distraction, but none of them take his offer.
As the vibrations continue, John realises that it’s not a text, but a phone call. Only his mum ever calls him, and he knows he better answer unless he wants another “we need to talk” discussion about nothing in particular.
John stands, taking his med kit and putting back in the cabinet under the sink. Eyes, he needs to check his eyes next.
Opting for a longer wash—who knows the last time these clothes were properly cleaned—John settles into one of the chairs in the seating area. He leans his head against the wall behind him and closes his eyes, wishing he had thought to bring some homework assignments or at least a book to keep him occupied.
Hearing Sherlock insult him makes John give a watery laugh. "Thank you anyway." He hates the way he sounds, small and broken.
He has just finished rugby practice and is looking forward to collapsing into his bed for twelve hours of blissful, uninterrupted sleep.
John rushes at Sherlock, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's torso and hiding his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck and shoulder. A small whine slips past his lips, and he can't stop it as tears fall and he chokes on his own voice.
John listens for movement, and after a moment he hears them. The rustle of the shower curtain, the soft pad of feet, the rasping of a towel.
Silence stretches between them, the pellets of rain softly drumming on the roof. It gives a background song to the stillness of the moment.
Two beeps ring through John’s ears. He looks down again, to his mobile this time, and sees that Sherlock has hung up.
“But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned; we have what you might call...a difficult relationship.”
The other café-goers stare at his outcry, stare at the broken military man with a limp and a cane and an ego too large to even accept help from his own sister.
"John, you are always welcome." Sherlock tightens his hold briefly before letting go, holding John away from him by the shoulders.
The deep baritone startles John, expecting the light and sweet voice of his mother on the other line.
“Mm. Thank you.” He looks relaxed and sated, hazy around the edges where his satisfaction blurs into sleepiness.
It’s only when John sees the gaudy, glowing sign pointing toward the laundromat does he remember that he’s supposed to clean Sherlock’s clothes for him.
hadn’t he set up a system so he’d know that Sherlock was okay while he was gone? He could’ve left his mobile phone with him and called him every few hours from the café phone.
“Since you’re not going to eat,” John says as he moves to stand in front of Sherlock, “you can take a shower. Put your clothes outside the door and I’ll wash them on my way home from work. You can wear these today.” John hands Sherlock the clothes.
“You okay?” Sherlock asks in a low voice while Ella finds the notes she keeps for John’s appointments.
, unless there’s another Sherlock whose last name John doesn’t know, so what has Sherlock done that warrants the attentions of a man like that?
Nearly every day, it seems that Sherlock develops a new symptom. Muscle aches, tremors, chills. Nightmares and the occasional fever. It’s getting increasingly harder for John to convince himself to leave the bedsit for class and work.
John is stiff and uncomfortable next to him, but so is Sherlock. They need this, and Sherlock knows that. It won’t be fun, and it won’t be easy, but Sherlock knows that they can make it through this.
“I don’t know, I observe.” Sherlock then turns his back on John, facing the sofa. “I’ve used up all my energy,” he says. “I’m done talking.”
After about ten minutes, John steps out into the hallway with a towel around his hips, warm steam billowing from the doorway. As he makes his way toward his bedroom, he sees Sherlock’s cereal back on the stool, soggy and uneaten. Resigned, John ignores it and gets dressed in his work clothes. He pulls an extra pair of loose sweatpants and a spare t-shirt from the drawer and carries them out to the living room.
Once more, John sets alarms every two hours to wake Sherlock during the night. By morning, he almost regrets taking Sherlock in.
Sherlock reluctantly downs the paracetamol with water John gives him, the movement obviously paining him.
A wave of protectiveness crests over him as he continues, gently moving Sherlock’s head so he can get the best angle, Sherlock easily moving along with him under his touch.
The bicep easily gives under John's strong hands. It's more toned than John realised, and he once again wonders what Sherlock is like when he's strong, sober, and stable.
A low moan leaves the man’s mouth, much more grouchy, but more alert, than the previous times John woke him in the night.
John snatches it out of his hands and snubs it on the windowsill. Sherlock doesn’t look at him, just continues to move his hand over the lower half of his face.
He doesn't say anything as John drags him down the hall and plops him onto his bed. John isn't sure that his compliance is a good or bad sign.
The silence is even more tense than before. John stares at his plate and refuses to look in Sherlock’s direction lest another stupid comment spills from his mouth.
All he sees are people walking along the sidewalk, going about their day, completely unaware that John is well on his way toward[s] an emotional breakdown.
"Just...," John leans his head against the stable wall behind him. "Talk to me," he hears himself say.
He could also tell you it was in Chapter 14: Traumatic Brain Injury Signs, Symptoms, and Treatments. Page 374.
When he comes home late at night, he shucks off his clothes and throws them in the ever-growing pile in the corner of the den.
He grabs at his phone and taps the screen to silence the god-awful shrill and drags himself upright to check on the stranger in his bed again, yawning.
“You're in no state to be on your own, you have a possible concussion and skull fracture.” Standing up, John offers a hand.
Soft footsteps echo down the hall, drawing nearer. John doesn't give the time to particularly care that strangers are coming and going, seeing him in a state of distress. New families walk by with their children. Their children who survived. Their wives who survived.
John straightens up, dismissing the comment. “You wouldn’t know when I was supposed to be back, you can’t know if I was ‘late.’”
As Mary cups John face with her hands and places kisses across his mouth, John tries to imitate her happiness, knowing that he will never be able to give her what she wants.
Achingly slowly, they make their way to their destination. John sets Sherlock down on the tub’s edge, suddenly aware of what needs to happen next.
“Help me get this ridiculous beard off.” And he says it with such finality that John can’t help but laugh.
John is never going to get any straight answers out of this man, is he. He sighs again, the second time in as many minutes. The man sends John another glare.
“Too bad for her.” Mrs. Hudson turns toward a nearly-paralyzed John. “I was going to offer her a free pastry.”
Finally able to take a look, John sees someone desperate and needy. There's blood on the man’s face from where it ground against the gravel, dirt and grime practically covering him from head to toe.
help! You know what drinking did to Mom and Dad and I can’t believe you would do that to yourself! To me!”
At first, he thinks it must be Mike, but he barely has time to register that it’s a stranger looming in front of him before wet lips smear against his own.
Sherlock now realises, as he and John sit next to each other, why Ella replaced the single chair for a sofa. How long has she been planning this?
They share a small smile, and Sherlock hopes that they will heal, that their relationship isn’t irrevocably ruined. That they will not drift even further apart.
John exhales hard in frustration at the missed sleep before memories of the previous night hit him with the force of a lorry.
They stay that way for a long moment, Sherlock wriggling his toes and picking at the sleeve of his borrowed sweatshirt, John silently turning the pages of the textbook as he reads.
As per usual, they stumble up the stairs, giggling and groping. Feet catch on steps, hands help support, clothing is flung away, doors are pushed closed.
Their hearts beat a staccato against each other, breathing in the other’s air. Each of their arousals pressed tight between them, restricted still in their trousers.
“Are you still feeling nauseous?” John asks, trying to find something helpful to do to take his mind off of his incessant worry.
How John, a University student and part-time barista, can afford a bedsit such as this without a flatmate is questionable. I don’t know how he does it, either.
Sherlock leaves, walking slowly and with his head lowered. The appointment has emotionally and physically drained him. He just wants to go home.
John stands there, staring at the wood, awkwardly waiting for a near-stranger to de-robe. And give him his clothes.
Patiently, John keeps his hands clasped around the man’s thin biceps and waits until he stops moving and loses his stamina.
John doesn’t respond, only turns his arm back over and runs his hands from wrist to elbow in one long, hard line.
‘Yes, yes.’ Sherlock pushed at John’s chest with the sole of his foot. ‘Your leg will be fine, don’t fuss, roll me over.’
‘Sir, I’m sorry, but this is information you specifically requested to receive if and when it became available.’
John smiled and pulled back, out of Sherlock. ‘Roll yourself over, you lazy bugger,’ he said, pinching Sherlock’s thigh. Groaning, Sherlock flopped onto his front then pulled himself to his knees, holding onto the headboard and splaying his legs.
‘Don’t care,’ Jackson muttered, glaring down at the floor and kicking his heel against the first step. ‘Where’s Sherlock? We want him to do his trick.’
They came to a stop outside a front door with a vigorously polished knocker, step and letterbox. Molly smiled and knocked.
‘Oh, likewise, likewise,’ Moriarty said, motioning the girl behind the counter over. ‘Mind if I join you?’ He grabbed a chair from the next table and sat down, moving John and Sherlock’s teapot to make room for his own. ‘I must say, this is quite a revelation,’ he said, smirking across at John as he poured milk into his teacup, his ankle brushing against Sherlock’s thigh when he crossed his legs.
'Verity, stop prying!' another female voice hissed, out of sight somewhere in the poky little office. Verity flushed and looked down at her desk, tucking an auburn curl behind her ear. Sherlock's eyes were drawn to the freckles on the bridge of her nose, just visible underneath the wide brim of her uniform’s hat.
‘Oh, good, that’s good. I’m glad to hear it.’ Moriarty followed Sherlock into the house. ‘Coming to dinner?’
‘Sorry, bijou,’ Moriarty purred, smiling as he stripped his jacket off, hanging it over another cubicle door and going over to join Freddie, leaving the stall door open. He sucked his thumb and pushed it into Freddie’s hole, along with Freddie’s two fingers. ‘I was ensuring we wouldn’t be disturbed.’
‘I was told Sherlock lives here!’ he said, voice at a louder volume than it would ordinarily have been owing to the rain.
John laughed, lifting a mug out of the murky water and placing it on the draining board. He turned and caught Sherlock’s lips in a soft kiss, lifting one wet, slightly soapy hand out of the water to touch to Sherlock’s jaw. ‘I don’t dare, not with this leg.’
Hand on the cellar doorknob, Sherlock sighed, caught out. He turned to face Mycroft after a pause, his expression dark.
The policeman holding John dragged him roughly away towards the waiting car whilst Sherlock was distracted. John raised his voice over the crunching of gravel and the sound of the car’s engine starting even as he was pushed into the back.
John ducked into the bathroom and ran the tap, swilling his hands under it before walking into the kitchen, drying his hands on a tea towel so it didn’t look as though he’d been in what Lestrade thought of as Sherlock’s bedroom.
‘Suit yourself,’ Gilchrist said, looking at Sherlock with contempt and knocking some of the drink back himself, his bravado and over-friendliness of earlier gone.
‘I think everyone would have to see that to believe it,’ Moriarty replied, laughing again, drinking his tea. ‘What happened to your hand?’ he asked, gesturing to John’s fingers trembling on the handle of the teapot with his cup.
Sherlock kissed the inside of John’s wrist before John picked up their tea things and started to walk towards the kitchen. ‘If you insist, Doctor Watson,’ he said.
The sound of the dripping tap was drowned out as the wind roared outside, the nice day having given way to the miserable weather and thick cloud more typical of April. The lamplight made the night seem that little bit less miserable, the bedroom warm and safe lit by its comforting, familiar glow.
Sherlock sipped the cocktail, which had been poured into one of their cut crystal glasses. ‘Gin, lemon, caster sugar and soda water, hardly
‘Don’t be silly.’ Sherlock nudged John towards the stairs. ‘Maybe it’s because I’m a Londoner...’ he continued as they walked up the stairs and John unlocked the door that led to the roof.
‘Colin, Nancy, come here,’ Harry said, bending down and unbuttoning their threadbare coats. ‘Go and hang your coats on the peg there and sit yourselves down. Don’t get in Uncle John’s way.’
‘Wrong. I look a fool. I expressly told them that I wasn’t having any of it, playing at soldiers in a field, for God’s sake. It would be bad enough if it was just with the others at BP, but there’s dozens of old boys from the Somme and every other stretch of mud from Ypres to sodding Verdun bawling about jerries and--’
‘Oh, I’ve spent far too much time seeing you on and off trains,’ Sherlock said, pressing his lips together as he just stared at John, who carefully extracted his hand from Sherlock’s.
The two of them walked falteringly back down the stairs hand-in-hand, exhausted and happy.  John made tea and Sherlock held a cigarette between his lips as he cut out the headline of the previous day’s newspaper and pinned it to the wall. Last night’s bonfires slowly burnt out. Multicoloured streamers lay scattered about the streets and rows and rows of regimented bottles guarded Baker Street. The downstairs clock chimed for quarter past six. The sun rose.
‘Pity,’ Sherlock murmured, kissing John’s temple and resting his forehead against it, closing his eyes. ‘How’ve you been?’
‘Ten bob and a go between those dolly lips of yours,’ the man said, reaching out to touch Moriarty’s reddened mouth. Moriarty clamped down on the man’s wrist with his fingers and shoved the hand roughly away.
‘Burns,’ Sherlock ground out, but he pushed himself down anyway, seeking the control he needed, his breath hitching as John curled his fingers
Long arms wrapped around John’s waist as Sherlock pressed himself against John’s back. ‘Care to dance?’ he murmured, resting his chin on John’s shoulder and looking out of the window. The sunshine had gone, replaced by dark clouds, threatening rain.
John’s eyes travelled to where Sherlock’s chest was heaving up and down, before flicking his gaze back up to Sherlock’s parted, reddened lips.
John pushed Sherlock’s fringe to one side and gently stroked the side of his face. ‘You need a wash, too,’ he said, standing up to lean over the table and kiss Sherlock’s forehead. ‘Finish your tea and I’ll help you get undressed.’
‘What happened in nineteen thirty-seven?’ Sherlock asked, pretending to look confused. John hit his leg.
‘Sit down,’ John said, shaking his head at Sherlock again as he pulled a chair out, opening his doctor’s bag where it rested on the table. ‘It’s a bloody good job I steal things from the hospital, you know,’ John muttered as Sherlock lowered himself down onto the wooden chair, gritting his teeth as he did so.
Sherlock smiled. The sunlight was not as bright where they sat, in the shadow of the house, but Sherlock’s strange eyes still shone brilliantly.
‘Thank God,’ he breathed, running down the path so quickly and unsteadily that he nearly fell. He spotted a Navy commander and ran to catch him by the arm.
‘Yes. He is.’ Sherlock thrust a tin out of his pocket towards John, his pace slowing. ‘Roll me a cigarette, won’t you?’
‘Mmm,’ Sherlock hummed, lowering himself into his chair, clearly lost in thought. His fingers were steepled under his chin.
, pulling away from John’s lips and tongue and that wicked, filthy mouth, arching his spine. All that achieved, however, was pushing John’s fingers further inside him, and then there was a third finger pressing into him and Sherlock
Both Mycroft and Gilchrist were standing next to the piano, chortling stupidly away over some hideous-looking cocktail. Sherlock frowned and quickly walked through the hallway to the door to the cellar, where Mummy allowed him to keep his chemistry equipment.
A week later, a letter dropped onto the mat in the hallway downstairs. Sherlock, who had been ordered to remain in London for a fortnight to convalesce, brought it up to the flat after one of his frequent exercises to try and ease the dull pain he felt when he did anything more strenuous than sit still and occasionally read a paper (four cases solved this week and counting).
‘Don’t bother yourself.’ Cigarette in the corner of his mouth, Sherlock shrugged his suit jacket off and rolled his sleeves up, throwing the jacket over one arm and grabbing his drink. Mercifully, the bell rang from indoors to announce lunch and everyone began to make their way inside, giving Sherlock a chance to get away from Mycroft. He went back to lingering near John for a moment before rushing ahead and swapping the name cards at the dinner table around to ensure that Victor was as far away from him as possible and he was opposite John.
‘No, it’s at Barts,’ Lestrade called after Sherlock, exchanging a look with John before they both walked down into the cellar as well. ‘Wasn’t originally my case but we’re rather stretched for manpower at the moment and they’ve sent me over here--’
France was hell. France was hell and that was no exaggeration on John’s part. Horses lay abandoned in ditches, limbs splayed outwards, flies clustered around their empty eye sockets, sucking at what little flesh was left on the bone. The countryside for miles around was mud churned like butter: muck and filth and destruction. A smallholding crumbled at its foundations, the crops turned over, roots lying straggled above the ground. John felt ill.
‘Mmm, and why would you want to be kneeling at my feet?’ John said, turning his head to smirk at Sherlock, who squeezed John’s waist through the sleeveless pullover he had on.
Sherlock turned his key in the front door of 221 and made his way up the stairs. Rather than the drone of the wireless, he opted for Chopin on the gramophone. He laid out the vials he’d stolen and a syringe needle on the coffee table, rolling his left sleeve up to his mid-bicep.
He closed his eyes as he smoked, the image of Sherlock at the fountain’s edge - soaking wet and stumbling - replaying in his mind’s eye. It had been nearly four years since he’d let himself think of Sherlock in that way, and the events of today and the artificial distance they’d crafted between themselves over the past year only seemed to exacerbate John’s desire.
They had been half-clothed in front of each other before, of course, back when they were boys. Somehow, though, somehow this felt different; the challenge in Sherlock’s eyes was unlike anything John had ever seen before, the pounding of John’s heart was new and other and different, the rush of heat he felt at the sight of Sherlock was strange and frightening. Flustered, John sighed and shifted his weight, folding his arms as he stared off to one side rather than watch as Sherlock slid into and underneath the water in the deep fountain, his dark hair fanning out on the surface like a lilypad before he disappeared entirely.
Sherlock sat up slowly, looking into the middle distance, his expression hungry. ‘We’ll be along presently, Lestrade.’
‘Oh yes, so it was.’ Sherlock pulled a face. ‘Bugger. Are you going to make me join in with the cricket?’
‘I can see it’s you,’ John said softly, pulling his thick toweling robe off the end of the bed and wrapping it around himself, burrowing into its warmth. He smiled, sitting down on the windowsill. ‘What are you doing here?’
‘Enlighten me,’ John said, his whole body seeming to relax. ‘I thought for certain someone would be attempting to blackmail you.’ He turned the postcard over again. ‘This is meant to mean something to you?’
‘Fucking sexy,’ John snarled, moving his hand as quickly as he could in the tight space. ‘Want you to come from this, Sherlock, just from this, want to hear you, want to feel you, see you, fuck, Sherlock,
‘He’s only amusing for so long, Giles, as I see you’ve learnt,’ Mycroft said, staring fiercely at Sherlock, who ignored him. ‘He does so insist on being childish.’
‘I don’t really feel you’re in a position to talk about fair and unfair, Sherlock,’ John snapped, sitting up, dislodging Sherlock from his chest and fumbling for a cigarette from the crumpled box on the bedside table. He swung his legs out so his feet were resting flat on the floor; lit his fag with shaking fingers.
‘I understand,’ John said, his voice tight with some unexpressed emotion. ‘Yes, I understand exactly.’ He covered the space between them in three long strides and pushed Sherlock against one of the bookcases, sealing their lips together with a murmured sigh. His thigh slipped in between Sherlock’s legs and Sherlock’s hand fluttered against the worn spines of Dickens and Hardy before he brought it up, trembling, to rest on John’s chest.
The air was close and humid, the algae and waterlife in the still pond giving the night a strange, cloying smell. The stars above shone brightly.
‘I stand... at your gate... and the song that I sing is of moonlight,’ Sherlock murmured into John’s ear along with the music.
‘Oh, you’re a lovely thing when you’re not being difficult,’ Mrs Holmes said, patting Sherlock’s back and stepping away from him, slipping her arm through John’s. ‘Now, you really much allow me to introduce you to the children’s parents, Doctor Watson, they’re all in the garden. Come along, Sherlock! Where’s your brother?’
Moriarty frowned. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘I had no idea.’ He drained his teacup. ‘Well, I’d better be off,’ he said, standing, offering his hand to John, who stared at him in silence, flexing the fingers of his right hand against the edge of the table. ‘No? Well.’ Moriarty shook Sherlock’s hand briefly, pulling his coat and hat back on, dropping a few heavy coins onto the table. ‘Right then, boys.’ He smiled at them both, his eyes glittering as his head oscillated from side to side. ‘I’ll be seeing you.’ He raised his eyebrows and turned on his heel, sauntering out of the café.
John cradled Sherlock’s head against his chest and kissed his forehead. ‘I’m here now,’ he said. ‘Now and always.’
Sherlock continued much in the same vein for the remainder of the journey. Their stop took a while to reach but eventually they arrived at New Cross Gate, Sherlock jumping out onto the platform and just about managing to wait for John to make his somewhat more faltering way down.
‘Hardly a difficult deduction,’ Sherlock said dismissively, looking over to where John was being introduced to the people who were quite obviously the children’s parents.
‘Good. East Gate, do hurry.’ He let himself out, the door slamming behind him. John waited until Lestrade’s heavy, clumping footsteps had gone down the stairs before speaking.
‘Alright.’ John pressed the tips of his fingers to Sherlock’s palm before exiting the library, smoothing his hair down nervously as he walked into the sitting room where everyone waited, drinks in hand.
It was so easy to forget what the world was really like, what the world really thought of people like them, when they had their flat and Mrs Hudson’s studied, wilful ignorance when they had each other and their bed and an easy chair apiece, somewhere that was all their own.
‘Jim,’ the man growled, throwing his cigarette away and grabbing Freddie’s jaw with his index finger and thumb. ‘Jim Moriarty,’ he said, forcing their mouths together. His teeth clashed with Freddie’s and the boy whimpered, his pale, delicate fingers plucking at the buttons of Moriarty’s jacket. ‘Come on,’ Moriarty snarled, wrapping his fingers around the boy’s tie and snapping at his lips. Freddie moaned and staggered in the direction of the toilets when Moriarty let him go, casting an excited glance back over his shoulder. Moriarty gave it a minute before following.
‘Perfectly acceptable when they’re as maddening as you,’ John replied, kissing the curve of Sherlock’s grin before wiping Sherlock’s blood off his mouth with the damp cloth. He went over to the sink and rinsed another cloth through, wringing it out and folding it into a neat square, placing it over Sherlock’s black eye. ‘Hold that there,’ he said, lifting Sherlock’s hand to press against the cloth.
, but apparently he did when John’s fingers - slick with Sherlock’s own spit - brushed down over his cock and back and
John pointed towards the sky. ‘We’d be sitting ducks, Nettle,’ he said quietly, so as not to attract the attention of the NCO at the front. ‘Best to keep walking.’
‘Well, you’re back now, so you needn’t spend any more time missing us,’ Sherlock said, blowing a lungful of smoke above their heads before sipping his tea. His shin was pressed against the back of John’s calf underneath the table.
‘No, it’s no good, Sherlock, I’ve got to see who that is.’ John managed to extract himself from Sherlock’s hands and walked over to their front door, wincing as he adjusted himself in his trousers. ‘I’ll be back up in a moment, you just--’
A knock at the door downstairs. Clenching his jaw in irritation, Sherlock intended to ignore it until the second, more insistent ring. Sherlock breathed out and went downstairs, throwing the door open wide enough that light spilt out onto the street.
‘Well?’ John pressed, turning the postcard over once more, as if it might have something different to say each time he did it.
‘No,’ Victor agreed with a sad laugh. His eyes caught on the picture of Sherlock in his Home Guard uniform, propped next to the telephone. He smiled briefly. ‘He looks pleased.’
‘Best not, Doctor. There’s a murdered prostitute in Hyde Park we need you to come and have a look at.’
Harry glanced up at him from underneath her hat, her face catching the light from the standard lamp. A large bruise bloomed over one eye, dark purple in colour. ‘Aye,’ she said, smiling falsely. ‘Fine.’
John got to his feet and braced his weight, offering his hands to Sherlock, who used them to help himself stand (albeit after a lot of groaning and swearing).
The heat of the day had eased off somewhat as late afternoon was slowly replaced by the approaching evening. It was no longer uncomfortable to move around and even putting his dinner jacket on wasn’t much of a hardship for John. He looked in the mirror, cracked in one corner from an accident two years ago, and smiled at his reflection after re-arranging his hair with his fingers. He looked presentable enough.
‘The ARP warden will eat you alive for that,’ Mycroft said, stepping inside before Sherlock could slam the door. His index finger tapped against the handle of the umbrella he’d taken to carrying around.
‘They look perfectly happy,’ John said, his eyes following a boy of about eight, who stood atop the bomb rubble, brandishing a stick towards the blue sky as though it was a sword.
‘I wouldn’t know.’ Sherlock’s gaze snapped to John’s eyes. ‘I packed and left the very next day, I told you I did - Mycroft was lurking outside my flat last week but I pushed past him, I won’t ever--’
‘I love you,’ he said, touching his fingertips to the shadowy bruise on Harry’s face, then pressing the tip of her nose, identical to his. The wind moaned outside the boarded-up window.
Sherlock smiled. ‘A pirate,’ he said. He let John’s hand go and placed the passionflower in the flask, where it rested on top of the flask’s rounded lip.
‘Good God, what happened?’ Mrs Holmes cried when Mycroft staggered into the house, carrying a sobbing Lola in his arms. Sherlock, who had been sitting smoking on the steps to the side of the house, ran in close behind Mycroft.
John sipped his punch and leant against the doorframe, smiling as he watched the children run and giggle. He glanced down towards the end of the street and huffed a laugh, his face splitting into a wide grin at what he saw there.
‘Oh, you could say that.’ John smiled, his stick clicking against the pavement as they stepped out of the doors. ‘I can’t tell you how relieved he sounded when I telephoned to let him know you’d taken leave.’
‘Mary Macneil, just because you’re upset that you’re parents aren’t here... oh, just get inside! I’m very sorry, Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson,’ Alice called, looking anguished before she disappeared inside.
‘You did very well to get off so lightly, let’s put it that way,’ John said softly, turning his head so he could look at the paper as well.
‘You were horrid,’ John said, pushing the fountain and the feeling of Sherlock’s hand on the inside of his wrist to the back of his mind.
Sherlock’s lips twitched. ‘You’ll make a fine doctor. You always did want to be one, didn’t you, when we were boys?’
‘Whatever’s troubling you, I’d thank you not to exercise your frustration on Sherlock and I.’ He looked Mycroft up and down and squeezed Sherlock’s arm again. ‘You’re making a spectacle of yourself. Now if you’ll excuse us.’ John glared at Mycroft once more and pushed Sherlock gently through the drawing room door.
‘Extraordinarily hideous, perhaps.’ John gasped, open-mouthed, as he pressed himself fully inside Sherlock, kneeling straight up, digging his hands under Sherlock’s sweaty lower back and holding tightly.
Sherlock smirked as he imagined the look on Mycroft’s face. Mycroft had been the one to teach him how to deduce things - ‘the trick’ - when he was five years old, and would positively loathe the idea of Sherlock laying claim to the skill over himself.
‘Drink up, boys, you especially, Sherlock, you’ve got a lot of catching up to do, young man,’ she said in a pantomime whisper before being caught around the waist and pulled, whooping, into an enthusiastic polka by the greengrocer from down the road.
‘Yes, as long as they’ve got hundreds of thousands with the bank or if, like him, they’re chums with the prime minister.’
John closed his eyes and rested his hand lightly on Sherlock’s chest, over his steadily beating heart.
Sherlock brought the palm of his hand down on John’s behind. ‘Cheek,’ he muttered, though he smiled, the unexpectedly serious moment fading as, laughing, John began to thrust again.
‘Scrub your bloody face,’ John ordered, throwing a bar of carbolic soap into Sherlock’s bath, creating a dunking sound and a rather large splash. ‘Then give your bloody hair a wash, get dressed, and we’ll go for fish and chips. See if there’s a spot of robbery or murder going on somewhere.’
It was early evening by the time Sherlock made it back to the flat, having limped into the back of an ambulance to get his ribs looked at at a hospital, as per John’s wishes. He made it through the front door and let out a ragged breath, hand hovering over his ribs. He grunted as he shut the door, looking up at the seventeen steps with a disgusted expression on his face.
‘He’s back on duty,’ John replied, eyebrows knitting, his right hand wrapped around the doorframe as he shielded most of his body behind it.
John poured the tea into of their mugs, chipped from an incident involving a pair of pliers and a cheeseboard. He added a lump of sugar and a small scoop of powdered milk, stirring frantically to make the clumps dissolve.
Sherlock inhaled from the cigarette resting in between his lips. John’s face when Sherlock had surfaced from the water - he’d looked horrified. It had been an altogether stupid stunt to pull, losing control like that, shouting at John and standing in front of him as good as naked, displaying himself. And making such a fuss about the flask, too. Sherlock frowned at where it sat on the edge of his desk, passion flower still resting in the lip. No harm had come to it and he’d seen fit to throw his clothes off in front of John; John who’d laughed at him, whose smile was warm and natural, John who was handsome and clever and kind, whom Sherlock
John smiled as he flipped the postcard back over, shaking his head at the cartoon on the front with its allegedly hilarious gag about breaking wind. No doubt Sherlock hadn’t even looked at it before buying and sending the thing.
, you’re such a good boy, Sherlock, such a good boy,’ he said quietly, rubbing Sherlock’s now bright red skin, his fingertips ghosting over the abused flesh.
‘I was just about to say what a lovely day it’s turned out to be.’ John pointed towards the sky with his stick. ‘Barely a cloud, look.’
Nettle checked the door number against the number on the bloodstained letter he held in his hands. He took a deep breath and rang the bell, tucking the letter back into the large envelope he’d acquired for the purpose.
Grinning, John kissed her again and left their little cottage with a wave, closing the gate carefully behind him.
Dawn had begun to break over Baker Street by the time Sherlock and John staggered up the seventeen steps to 221b. Sherlock was still rather tipsy, not having as great a tolerance for alcohol as John, who was mostly sober as he guided Sherlock up the stairs, a hand on the small of his back. Sherlock was singing softly to himself in a convincing Cockney accent, his shirt untucked and tie loose, pullover draped over his shoulders.
‘Come on, Sherlock,’ John said firmly, though his tone wasn’t unkind as he stroked Sherlock’s hair, rubbing his own cock against Sherlock’s arse. ‘Come on, you know what you want.’
For a few seconds, John stood in front of the bench, frozen in place.  A cloud of smoke billowed from where the bomb had hit and the first wild shriek from inside the soupy grey layers was enough to spur John into action. His stick fell from his hand and he ran forwards, shielding his eyes with his forearm.
‘Cheers,’ he murmured, handing the lighter smoothly back to Sherlock, who immediately lit another cigarette of his own.
He gasped in a deep breath, the sound loud as he continued to shake, barely registering John’s moans above him, the fact that John was gasping for breath too, hissing ‘Sherlock, Sherlock,
‘This really doesn’t seem real,’ Sherlock said, looking around himself and shaking his head.  ‘It can’t be real.’
Sherlock nodded and hesitantly leant to kiss John’s cheek, brushing his spit-damp lips across John’s jaw. ‘You leave first.’
‘Uh, let’s see.’ Lestrade blinked a couple of times and pulled his notebook and own torch out of his pocket, clicking it on to read his notes. ‘He was discovered by the landlord’s daughter two nights ago when she came down to change one of the barrels. We questioned her and didn’t have anything to be suspicious about--’
By quarter past, John had managed to find an axe that appeared to match Sherlock’s specifications and had also managed to convince the owner of the ironmonger’s to send the thing on to Baker Street that afternoon, owing to the elderly man’s reluctance to hand over a very sharp axe to someone he didn’t know from Adam. John had also asked the man about others who’d bought the axe before him, under the guise of getting a review as to what it was like for chopping firewood. None of the information the ironmonger gave him jumped out as important, however, and John resolved to take Sherlock back there after meeting back up with him so that he could ask some more pertinent questions.
Sherlock threw his book to the floor where it landed with a soft whump on the rug. He rolled over to face John and pulled him close, hands gripping his waist. ‘I prefer eccentric.’
‘I can’t believe those fuckers in the war office are letting us get bleeding bombed out of France. Probably tucked up nice and safe in some bunker somewhere, seeing how else they can feed us to the fucking wolves. And my feet are killing me!’
‘NO!’ Sherlock lunged out of Mycroft’s grip and grabbed John’s forearm as the frantic crowd reached the gravel path at the bottom of the steps. ‘No you can’t, he couldn’t have, he
‘Not long now,’ Moriarty said, bending to ghost his lips over Freddie’s, licking at the line of black mascara that had followed a tear track down Freddie’s face. He breathed into Freddie’s mouth and grinned. ‘Not long now.’
‘Sherlock,’ John said in a warning tone, raising his eyebrows. Sherlock fell silent, his lips pursing.
John sighed and looked into the embers of the fire he’d built after getting home from the hospital. The clock downstairs struck for quarter to midnight.
John laughed. 'You're insufferable. Come on, we need to be in Surrey by half past eleven, it's already nearly nine and you're driving, so it's highly likely we're going to be late as it is.'
Sherlock ducked his head, looking like an overgrown schoolboy rather than the young man of twenty he was. ‘Not exactly the career choice Father has in mind.’
John continued to march forwards, face hard. He pulled his cigarettes out of his pocket and lit one with shaking fingers, inhaling the smoke quickly.
‘They wouldn’t listen. No-one would listen, they called me hysterical, I... I’m so sorry. I love you. Believe me.’
The tap continued to drip. Sherlock held onto the soap and John’s hand and it was quiet for a very long time.
‘And I said I have to go,’ John replied. ‘I have to go but I’ll come back to you before you know it.’
Harry squeezed his hand tightly and nodded. ‘Should auld acquaintance be forgot...’ she sang softly. John smiled and joined in, mimicking their mother’s accent.
‘Yes, spare me trivial details, what do you already know?’ Sherlock pivoted and shone his torch in Lestrade’s face, who squinted and backed away from the light. ‘Or think you know, sorry,’ he said, illuminating the barrels and crates in the cellar rather than Lestrade’s nasal hair.
‘Don’t be angry.’ Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s shoulder; rested his forehead at John’s nape. ‘Please don’t be angry.’
A slow smile spread across the man’s face and he leered knowingly. Moriarty stared him out until he turned and walked away.
Everyone spoke at once and there was a flurry of movement as John was led out to the police car, waiting on the path.
‘For God’s sake, find something to do that doesn’t have you squealing like pigs!’ he roared, waiting a few seconds for silence to descend before he went back to the sink, lathering shaving cream over the other side of his face with the brush that had been an eighteenth birthday gift from his father. He took more care with the blade against his skin this time, scratching the hairs on his top lip away with short little movements.
‘What is it that brings you to Bletchley, Dr. Watson?’ Moriarty asked, bringing his cup to his lips, keeping his eyes trained on John.
. He moaned and sighed his approval and the smacks got steadily harder, more irregular, difficult to predict with John’s full strength behind them.
Obediently, Freddie wrapped his hand around his shaft and groaned at the onslaught of sensation he was experiencing.
Harry smiled, one side of her mouth pulling upwards. ‘Johnny sent me a letter all about it.’ She sipped from the teacup she’d been adding something extra to from her hip flask since arriving. ‘Everything’s looking up for lucky old Johnny, eh?’ She addressed her knees when she spoke.
‘If you’re going to try and hide the drugs I know you’ve stolen, don’t bother,’ Mycroft replied with a grim look on his face. ‘Although I do wonder what John would--’
The London to Birmingham train rolled in to Bletchley station at five past ten, smoke billowing behind it. Sherlock jogged along the platform with the still-moving train, towards the second class coaches, glancing in each window until he saw a familiar silhouette, walking stick in hand, standing in front of one of the carriage doors.
‘...I see.’ Mycroft sniffed and dabbed at his brow with a handkerchief. ‘You will join us for dinner, won’t you?’ There was an odd look in Mycroft’s eyes.
‘Leave it then.’ Sherlock slipped his hand back into John’s trousers. ‘I can’t think of anyone I want to see on New Year’s Eve other than you, naked, in our bed, covered in sweat with that
John added sugar and milk to his tea. He stirred it, the spoon scraping against the china. He looked at Sherlock and shifted closer in his chair, just barely.
John gently kissed the ugly bruising on her face. ‘Come on, let’s get you upstairs.’ He bent to pick up the case she’d brought in, ruffling his nephew’s hair and kissing his niece on the top of her head before walking quickly up to 221b, putting the case down and going through to his and Sherlock’s bedroom before Harry and the children had got to the door.
John blinked and screwed the letter into a ball, shoving it into his trouser pocket lest anyone see it. He swallowed, blinked again, thinking back to the last and only time he’d kissed Sherlock, or rather, the last and only time Sherlock had kissed him.
‘Ten past nine.’ John shifted closer to Sherlock, who rested his free hand on John’s leg and squeezed. He nodded and leant back against the bath, moving his shoulders up and down as he settled.
‘I’m off now!’ John called as he walked downstairs. His mother leant against the kitchen doorway, folding her arms across her middle and smiling at him.
‘Friend?’ the man’s eyebrows lifted as he looked between Sherlock and John. ‘My my, I was under the impression you didn’t concern yourself with
‘Skin under his fingernails,’ John murmured. ‘Bruising on the neck, obviously, but I can’t make out any decent finger shapes so I’m afraid that doesn’t tell us much. Sorry.’
, Sherlock,’ he murmured, low and dangerous, and Sherlock gasped, nodding desperately as best he could with John’s hand holding him against the mattress.
‘I really ought to go.’ Sherlock jumped to his feet, grabbing the flask again and running up the remainder of the steps, through the doors into the big house. John sighed and ran after him.
‘Look at you,’ John murmured, climbing atop Sherlock so that his knees were either side of Sherlock’s waist, bending to bring their lips together in a soft kiss. Sighing, Sherlock grabbed the backs of John’s thighs and arched his hips upwards, fingers twitching at the sensation the movement caused.
‘Oh, John, this is marvellous.’ He glanced up at John, a look of pride on his face. ‘I’m so pleased. This is... it’s just marvellous.’
Sherlock looked John up and down and shrugged. ‘Suit yourself.’ He headed outside. John sighed and followed Sherlock out into the cool Spring day, casting a sad glance back at the murdered boy.
John uses the brightness of his mobile’s screen to see the dark crevices of the alleyway, behind dumpsters and discarded trash. He hopes against hope that he’ll see Sherlock’s curls and pale skin in the faint light.
John scoffs. “You’re lucky it was me and not some scum who would’ve left you out there on the streets all bloody.”
John can sleep anywhere, so he’s not putout about having to sleep on the sofa. He pulls a pillow under his head and covers himself with a thick, knitted blanket. He sets his phone to go off every two hours. Neither him nor the junkie will be getting much sleep that night.
A familiar voice uttering Sherlock’s name permeates his thoughts, but he dismisses it as a fantasy. Sherlock hasn’t heard that voice in ages, and it’s not the first time he’s heard John’s voice when he isn’t there.
Mike, bless him, had taken over the register after John’s fumble, quickly taking and filling orders.
He places a feather-light kiss to each of Sherlock’s eyelids, and a lingering kiss to his lips. John then tugs his hands free, Sherlock reluctantly letting him go.
For the next forty-five minutes, John examines his memories, almost doubting the whole encounter. He glances at the car, thinking he might have imagined Anthea and that she really isn’t behind those tinted windows. That the car is actually a posh taxi service.
John looks up to see Sherlock coming into the den wrapped in John’s duvet. His eyes are red and his hair is mussed. He’s never gotten up before John before.
Sherlock doesn’t protest this time, letting himself be manhandled out of the bed. John’s grateful for small victories.
His fingers sneak under the bunched up sleeve to Sherlock’s chest, kneading with his fingers, his other hand awkwardly positioned between Sherlock’s bony shoulder and the mattress.
John gives the same treatment to the stranger’s other arm, taking comfort in the fact that he’s letting him.
The noise sounds doubled, like there are two sets of the same running pair of legs slightly off set from each other in duration.
John’s barely able to drop the pills and snatch up the bin at their feet in time to catch Sherlock’s vomit. The sound of stomach bile hitting the plastic lining isn’t pleasant, nor is Sherlock’s heavy breathing afterward.
John peruses his textbook in the campus library, waiting on Mike to study for tomorrow’s exam. Recently, he’s been coming home immediately after class or work instead of meeting with Mike like he usually does, but he can’t focus on studying with Sherlock distracting him.
John wants to run and find Sherlock, wants to use the adrenaline and fear that's coursing through his body to find Sherlock and bring him back. But he knows that would be a lost cause. He'd get nowhere, and all he'd be left with is a sore body and an empty bed.
He changes into a jumper and returns to find Sherlock with one hand roaming over his jaw, the other dangling the cigarette.
“Well,” John says, thinking about the man’s vomiting, headache, and uneven pupils. “I’m pretty sure you have a concussion.”
Sherlock understands his meaning and pulls his upper lip into his mouth, smoothing out the skin for John’s attentions.
“Ha! Yeah, I know what you mean. My social life has been shit because of him, I can’t even imagine what finals will be like!”
"You have a fever." John gets up and rummages around through his med kit for a thermometer before returning to Sherlock’s side. “Open up.”
John looks at him for a long moment. “Why did you still try to run if you knew I wouldn’t hurt you?”
As Sherlock eats, John takes the kitchen trash outside to the building’s dumpster, not wanting the vomit to stink up the place. When he returns, he sees the empty mug on the stool side-table and Sherlock munching on the crackers.
Sherlock throws John a smirk. “You couldn’t be a murderer. Manslaughter, perhaps, you’re strong enough, but you’d never purposefully kill another human being. The way you acted after you realized I had fallen unconscious was obviously genuine. The fact that you wanted to go to the hospital immediately was also a point in your favor.”
The dial tone drones in John’s ear. Looking around, John notices that there’s no one else in the store, employee or customer. No one to witness him getting into a mysterious car, and no cameras to capture it, either.
“You insufferable bastard,” John says with a smile. He places a hand on the table top to brace himself, leaving over and giving a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, tilting Sherlock’s chin up with his forefinger and thumb.
They wipe down the tables, clean the coffee machines, and divide the tips in the tip jar between them. John is glad for the extra cash in his wallet.
John blinks. “Because you need to eat to gain energy to help you heal. And you’re more likely to eat if it’s something you like.”
“No,” Sherlock says, drawing out the vowel. “I was just marveling at the massive stupidity of the general populace and what a common person can easily come to believe.”
He pours the soup into a mug and heats it up in the microwave, popping a spoon in when it’s warmed. He grabs a sleeve of saltine crackers from the counter as he walks by.
John lets him rest his eyes, the lights no doubt too bright to his sensitive pupils. John finds the antiseptic bottle and upends it onto a cotton ball.
When he sits, John sees a relatively attractive woman lounging on the other side of the seat, tapping away at a phone.
Mrs. Hudson smiles at him. “This better be a one-off!” she toodles, walking away and into the back as she waggles her fingers over her shoulder.
His anger quickly moves into concern, worst-case scenarios running through his head. He can feel his heart beating fast, his eyes flicking across his field of vision as if he could find Sherlock from this distance.
Sherlock swishes the water around in his mouth for a moment before spitting it back out into the bin, then gulping down the rest of the glass.
Sherlock shrugs. “I had just received a concussion, I was confused. I don’t know you nor your intentions. It wasn’t until after that I realized you were actually concerned that I conceded to stay.”
John tosses his keys on the kitchen counter and closes the door behind him with a soft click. Sherlock isn’t on the couch, nor smoking out the window. Must be in bed.
While he’s taking orders with a plastered-on smile, he thinks about Sherlock, and how deep the lines on his face seemed when he frowned, but how relaxed he seemed when he was trusting.
“You know why I don’t like it!” His voice comes out louder than he intended, but now that he’s there, he can’t seem to lower it. “You’re killing yourself and you know it! A-and you won’t let me help you, you don’t seem to think you even
“Too much bloody homework,” John complains. “I swear, if I am ever going to pass Pardue’s class I’m going to have to sell my soul.”
John's head hangs between his knees, his hands warm but not at all comforting on the back of his neck. The atrocious chair isn't helping the situation.
‘Ask nicely,’ John said, his voice taking on a steely edge as his grip on Sherlock’s wrists tightened almost imperceptibly.
‘Oh, Sherlock, just do as you’re told, John is perfectly capable of searching by himself,’ Mrs Holmes said, pressing her fingertips to her right temple. ‘Lola, come here, darling, stay with me.’
An hour later, after taking the dust sheets off Mrs Hudson’s furniture and putting her suitcases of belongings in the appropriate rooms in her flat, the three of them were sitting at the kitchen table in 221b. John fussed with a pot of tea as Mrs Hudson opened a tin full of things to eat she’d brought with her, laying the crab paste sandwiches and slices of dripping cake out on a plate.
“She’ll be alright. You have the magic touch, remember?” He teases even though serious. Sherlock is great with her and she never presented him with the same problems she did with John. Sherlock knows how to calm her, take care of her in the way that she needs. John wouldn’t say it is because of Sherlock’s mind and observations, even though those matter, too. It is mostly pure parenting talent. Instinct.
He does not mind. He never minded. Not when it was John. Instead of replying, he leans closer, offering his curls to be ruffled gently, combed and smoothed again. ‘I missed you too’ it says, and many other things. It speaks of being seen. Of not being stranded anymore.
His body is too used to the hypervigilance of a warzone. It refuses to shut down and rest, and the precious few hours he does get is wrought with a sense of dread and terror, too nebulous to form a coherent narrative. Just the feeling that everything is wrong and will never be right.
Sherlock smiles like the cat who got the cream and heads to the loo, John smiling and following behind him.
They gaze at each other, barely enough air between them for breath. Sherlock’s face and bare chest are a pleasant rosy pink, his hair already a mess from John’s fingers running through it in the cab. His eyes are crystal clear, his pupils blown so wide the brilliant blue is almost invisible. John suspects he looks similar.
Sherlock lets out a satisfied sigh, and John can’t help but notice how certain parts of his anatomy react to that sound.
With Sherlock laid out, so trusting and exposed, John almost whimpers at the sight. He can’t restrain himself from kissing every inch of this man as he can. Makes sure Sherlock knows that’s he’s worshipped and loved. That he has John’s complete and utter devotion.
“Okay, I’m gonna need–” John stops when he sees that Sherlock has laid back down and covered himself in the duvet. He sighs. “Sherlock,” he says. The name feels foreign yet familiar in his mouth, the syllables rolling off his tongue. He clears his throat and says it again. “Sherlock. Breakfast.”
“You’re very obviously a medical student—second or third year I’d guess from the textbooks you have lying around—and the ‘advice’ you have given me suggests that you are well-acquainted with what is and isn’t a concern regarding head injuries. I haven’t seen you look up any new information so it is safe to assume you knew all of it beforehand. The café you work at—I saw you through the windows behind the counter—is a common haunt for students from Bart’s because of its close location. Your hands are also dry in a way that is consistent with constant washing, which a medical student would obviously be doing after all those
“No.” John is breathing harshly. “You are not allowed to walk away from this. Not now. Not after everything that happened.”
John moves his ministrations along Sherlock’s spine, digging his thumbs into the valleys along its edge and running them downward. He can count Sherlock’s vertebrae.
Sherlock glares at him for a moment, not at all effectively with his hair the way it is and the faint blush painting his cheeks, and turns back to the bedroom.
Looking over toward Sherlock, John sees that he’s staring down into his soggy weetabix. “Please eat some of that. You didn’t have anything last night.”
John crumbles weetabix into two bowls and pours in the milk, one for him and one for Sherlock. He doesn’t have a kitchen table to set them on—he usually just eats in the den—but he refuses to bring Sherlock’s breakfast to him. John may be caring by nature, but he draws the line at letting someone eat in his bed. He doesn’t want to clean soggy cereal off of his sheets.
“Here you go,” John says as he hands Sherlock the miso soup and crackers. Their fingers inevitably brush in the exchange, a familiar sparking sensation tingling his fingers. “You can take the nausea pills with or without food but it would be easier on your stomach if you had them now.” He picks up the packet that had fallen to the couch when he dived for the bin, and frees one from its casing.
The hand he had just touched pulls away alarmingly fast, followed by an indignant shriek. The sound sharply pulls John’s attention out of his thoughts to see that he had handed the customer her cappuccino too harshly, spilling it down her blouse.
His eyelashes flutter, his lips a delightful pink, the facial muscles slack in relaxation. His drying curls form a hazy halo around his head.
They stay like that for a long few minutes, John gripping back just as tightly and running his other hand over Sherlock’s sweaty hair, not able to restrain himself from resting his lips on Sherlock’s forehead
Sherlock’s gaze darts about the room, looking wretched and confused. He’s breathing heavy, a hand to his chest.
John doesn’t mention the pockmarks in the man’s elbows. He doesn’t mention that without his access to drugs that he’ll go into withdrawal in he didn’t know how many days. He doesn’t mention that it would be worse with a concussion.
John's hand begins to cramp. Why is it doing that? Oh. He's still clutching his mobile. The position straining on his muscles and ligaments after the extended period of time.
The pupil in his right eye doesn’t retract as fast as the left. John tutts as the man squints into the light. He clicks the penlight off, his patient sighing in relief.
“I know I don’t!” John rushes to say. “You can leave anytime you want to, I just want to make sure you’re okay.”
Sherlock stops, suddenly becoming aware of exactly where he is standing and why. He doesn’t have the energy to come up with an excuse, so he doesn’t deny it.
Finally, John arrives, not caring to find a spot inside the parking lot, instead killing the engine as soon as he drives onto the property.
The sounds of fabric rustling and Lestrade's gruff voice yelling in the background dimly permeates John's thoughts. Sherlock's left a crime scene for him.
They don’t talk. The slanted light from the window runs across the room whenever a stray car passes, casting Sherlock’s face in harsh shadows.
." His hand comes up to cover his mouth before he can make any embarrassing sounds. He turns forward again, not being able to look at Sherlock a moment longer.
The junkie tries to sit himself up, but his arms seem to lose their strength. He clutches at his head, turning on his side and curling in on himself in pain.
“My chest hurts, John. I think my ankle is broken, I can’t walk without it hurting.” John hears Sherlock choke out a sob, and the sound breaks John’s heart. “It
“When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes one learns to be discreet, hence this place,” the man starts. “Sit down.”
John stands awkwardly, having just risen from his seat in the waiting hall. He looks ragged, the wrinkles on his face deeper and more defined. The elbows of his cardigan are worn thin. His hands are clenched loosely against his sides.
“Oh, of course,” Sherlock mutters, shaking his head. “I’ve been so slow, it should’ve been obvious.”
The final camera swivels away as John watches, fear and excitement running through him. “How are you doing this?”
John glances down at his speedometer, noting that he’s going nearly 20 above the speed limit. Oh well. Sherlock’s safety is worth the risk of a speeding ticket.
John rummages through the medicine cabinet before he finds some scented lotion an ex-girlfriend had left.
Ignoring Sherlock’s comment completely, John says, “I’m going to make you some breakfast and we’re going to see how much you can keep down, alright? Good,” then turns and walks away before Sherlock can answer.
Sherlock immediately turns towards John and John opens his arms. Sherlock easily moves into them and makes himself comfortable, sighing in contentment when he settles.
John leans back, tossing the bloodied cotton ball into the bin, noticing that the stranger’s eyes are open. He scrunches up his face, thinking, before holding up two fingers, referencing the second option.
He tries to be quiet as he gets ready, opening and closing his dresser drawers slowly and using the sink in the kitchen to brush his teeth rather than the closer one in the bathroom.
Those fearful eyes flick over John’s face and posture. He feels like he’s being examined under that piercing gaze, like his skin is being peeled apart from his chest and his heart is being held in a cold grasp. Goose pimples travel across his skin, moving from his hand to his chest and neck.
Small taps begin to filter through John's ears. It almost sounds like slapping? No, not quite. They're shoes. Shoes against a hard floor.
“Sherlock?!” John calls as he leaps out of his car, slamming the door closed behind him. He races down the alley that run across the side of the building. “Sherlock, where are you!” John starts to worry in ernest. Is he unable to call out for help? Has he fallen unconscious?
John hears Sherlock's throat click as he swallows. "I'll be right there," Sherlock replies in a voice just as quiet.
Slowly, as if approaching an injured animal, John reaches for the stranger again. “I'm not going to hurt you, I just want to take you to the hospital.”
Sherlock’s other hand slides up John’s back, leaving a trail of tingling heat, and into his hair. John shivers.
When he isn’t working, he’s at the campus library studying. He spreads his papers and textbooks across the table he’s claimed as his, but the medical texts only remind him of Sherlock’s withdrawal.
Sherlock stirs at John’s side. He makes an unhappy sound before he takes a deep breath and rolls onto his back. He blinks himself awake, scrunching his eyes closed and opening them wide.
“Hm,” John smiles and complies, feeling much better now that Sherlock’s pupils seem to be returning to normal. “I meant for dinner.”
John picks up a textbook off the floor as he makes his way to the sofa, pushing Sherlock’s legs. “Move, you lanky git.”
“I thought you were ‘assessing my concussion.’” Sherlock looks bored with John, like he can’t believe that John would be so pedestrian.
“Come on, up you get.” John drags him upright, his arms under his armpits. “You can at least help a little you know, I know you're not
“I promise I'm not going to hurt you,” John says again, softening his voice. “I just want to make sure you're alright.”
John can only see Sherlock’s riot of curls and not a bit of his face, and the sight brings a small smile to his lips.
He returns to the chair, holding up the ice cube wrapped in cloth. “Here, suck on this. It'll help the swelling go down and numb your lips.”
He pushes the greasy hair back away from the man’s forehead, feeling a slight shiver underneath his hand. He disinfects the deeper cut on his forehead, covers it with antibiotic ointment, and protects it with the bandage. The smaller cuts on the stranger’s cheek don’t require such rigorous treatment, so John simply cleans them of any small bits of pavement and leaves them be.
His eyes are closed, his lips parted. His hair has dried into a ridiculous bedhead that John can’t help smiling at.
That he must have finally admitted to himself that his time with John was useless, that the temptation of drugs was better than a sober life.
Silently, Sherlock rises, his coat rustling as he stands. John moves to be in front of him and takes a deep breath.
Suddenly becoming aware of an uncomfortable stickiness between his legs, gluing his thighs together, does John realise.
A week after that, John stops sleeping on the couch. Three days later, John washes both the sheets and the duvet.
Taking pity on him, John helps removes the rest of the dressing gown from his frame, letting his hands skim across Sherlock’s warm skin. Once it’s off, Sherlock flips onto his stomach, his head pillowed on his hands. John leaves the dressing gown to pool over Sherlock’s bum, protecting his decency.
