good. Mouth-wateringly good.
Now, Tony got his share of appreciative looks all the time, and he liked nothing more than to flirt a little to break up the tedium of the day, but there was something about this guy that was making him tense up and not in the good way; something . . .
“The person I
“Do you want to clean up your mess for me, Puppy?” Tony whispered teasingly, lifting his hand higher until it was level with Steve’s chin, his come thick and shiny in the daylight, and Steve didn’t think. He just reached up to cradle Tony’s arm and leaned forward, licking at his release through the gaps in the muzzle.
“The Time Stone—” Clint began.
, he thinks, even though he never refers to Dr. Stark by his first name, would never. It’s too personal, a line he can’t cross—although who knows why he’s picked this boundary, when he’s demolished all the rest.
If Steve had been more experienced, Tony would’ve adjusted his position, moved him closer to the couch, spread his knees a little more, put his hands where he wanted them. But Steve wasn’t, so Tony was the one who shifted around, slipping his fingertips through the fine hairs at Steve’s temple, making Steve close his eyes to hide Tony sliding closer to the edge and to the side until Steve was directly in between his legs. There—hopefully—would be time for correction later. Right now, he didn’t want Steve to worry about anything except what Tony was doing to him.
Word count: 1,744
“That’s perfectly understandable,” Dr. Stark says, roughly rolling his finger in an attempt to stretch Steve out, and it hurts. It hurts but he doesn’t care. He wouldn’t say he likes it but …
So Tony takes his time, using his hands, his mouth, a few toys that he knows Steve particularly likes. He’s in no hurry, and it’s not like he’s not enjoying himself in the meantime.
ETA: Also, all the apologies to all the people who've left comments that I haven't responded to. There was a while there where I thought I was done with fandom and couldn't get the energy to respond, but I'm going to try. Months and months and in some cases
After being with Loki year after year after year, he’d learned also that they appreciated beauty, from the perfection of a snowflake to the stark monoliths carved from ice that made up their home; that they possessed a sense of humor that was at times gentle as well as cruel; that their touch could burn in such a way that made him ache for more.
Fuck.
He wrenched his emotions under control. He wasn’t doing this. He wasn’t.
Although … isn’t this a little fast? He’s literally never had sex with someone this quickly after meeting them before, and shouldn’t they do more than just exchange names? Shouldn’t he at least take Steve to dry land where he’s sure to be more comfortable?
“This will be a somewhat fluid list until we get to know each other better, but here are the basics. We’ve already discussed one of them, so rule number two is you don’t embarass me in public.”
, he thought mournfully, staring at his poor abused fingers.
And maybe he wanted to give Steve something to think about while he was gone, something worth coming back to.
“Yes,” Steve said, hesitating only a second before he leaned forward, kissing Tony the way he’d wanted to for days.
He laughed, but it was an ugly sound. “Yes.”
There’s a fine tremble in Steve’s hands as he unbuttons, but it’s silly. There’s no reason for him to be nervous. He’s been shirtless in public before. This is no different.
He wished Tony were there suddenly, his heart clenching, wished Tony could see his daughter on her birthday and see all the things his sacrifice had made possible, all the people who had recovered and moved on after Thanos.
“Can we just …?” he says, trailing off miserably, humiliation prickling across his skin, and it should smother the arousal, but it really, really doesn’t.
That being said, I can’t seem to write intermediate-length stories anymore. It’s either really short or really, really long, and since we’ve already passed the really short stage, I think this is going to be a long-ass motherfucker, fml.
Jan felt her mouth drop open but then Thor was walking in and Steve was straightening up at his arrival and stepping back into the role of impassive leader as he started the meeting.
“So, you're the female CEO of a Forbes 500 company? Nice work. That couldn't have been easy.” Tony praised, giving her a salute with his drink.
“So…” Tony said when he finally caught his breath, shifting his body toward Steve’s. “That happened.”
Steve had been grabbed from behind. He was able to throw the mummy off before another converged on him and dragged him down. His head hit the floor and his vision whited out for a moment. He heard Natasha's shout but couldn't do anything about it as more and more mummies started to attack him. He felt as Natasha was slammed to the floor next him and just as soon as that happened, he heard the sounds of electronic blasts ring through the air and the weight of the mummies disappeared.
Steve let out a groan of his own as he buried himself deep inside of Tony.
Natasha stepped forward and pulled him into a hug. “It was nice to meet you, Tony. Please take care of yourself.”
“I think I'm in love with you.”
“Of course. Far be it from me to leave Captain America on my doorstep.” Tony said with a wink and stepped, or rather wobbled, aside.
“The Ultimates?” Natasha asked.
Tony let out a breath, nodding. “Well, seems like this is goodbye. It was wonderful to meet you both.”
“A true tragedy.” Tony said with an exaggerated pout. “The multiverse is worse off for it.”
They were home.
“Awfully forward of you, Sheriff.” The man quipped. “You didn't even buy me dinner first.”
Tony gave her a wan smile. "Yeah, I get that." Tony shifted awkwardly and cleared his throat. "You said you were married now? So, I take it you must have found some happiness."
Steve grunted. “Were you expecting someone else?”
Before he could take another step toward him, the mummies were back and they fell back into battle. Steve felt his heart grow warmer with each repulsor blast he heard and each snarky quip Tony said. The three of them worked together to dispatch the remaining mummies and soon the last of them were destroyed and it was just them standing in the empty tomb.
They successfully staged their fight and just in time for the rest of their backup to show up.
* * *
Steve
Steve fumbled for the condom packet as Tony finally looked back at him. “Oh boy, I'm in for one hell of a ride.” Tony said as he regarded Steve's length. Tony sat back on his heels and lube in hand. “Can I do the honors?”
Tony opened his mouth to voice that question when-
Tony nodded. “Yes. Get your cock in me now and fuck me stupid.”
He had tried to get himself killed by avenging Steve's death and taking on Fisk's men, but he couldn't even seem to do that right.
Tony's eyes grew wide. "Steve? As in Steve Rogers?”
It worked.
* * *
Him and Tony were supposed to be partners. To hear Tony accuse him of seeing him as only a subordinate to order around had cut him deep.
“Don't nearly me. You're lucky to be alive, Stark.”
Tony laughed, deliberately taking a sip of his drink. “You're too sweet, darling.”
Steve told himself as he petted Tony in his arms.
“The Avengers, huh?” Tony said. “So, I take it you're Iron Man, or rather Iron Woman in that group?”
It’s not like Steve wants Tony to go all “rawr, I am Alpha!” on him, fall into some sort of pheromone-induced haze, and be so overcome with lust that he tries to fuck Steve up against the door, Steve’s jeans tight around his thighs because they can’t be bothered to take off any clothes, the door shuddering with each and every thrust so all of his neighbors know exactly what they’re up to.
“Ah, well, funny enough, it actually started because of a bet.”
But he’s looking forward to the sex portion of it; he’s not going to lie.
“Oh, you know you like it,” Stark said, but he slowed down and swung back over the city, pointing out buildings and parks and little delis that served pastrami you could die for, and he told Steve how they could visit them all, whenever Steve wanted now that they’d finally left the roost.
?” Steve had to be joking. He couldn’t actually think Tony thought that contract had been worth the paper it’d been printed on. “I barely referenced that contract when we were in it; why the hell would I want to use it now?”
hadn’t worked either, Tony had said fuck it, and that was how he found himself in his current situation.
“That’s okay,” Tony said, still looking hopefully at him.  “I don’t think they believed me when I said I eloped and got married by Elvis anyway.  What if we just say we’re engaged?”
“Just because we’re not in a contract anymore doesn’t mean I’m not going to keep the promises I made,” Tony said, and it took a lot more time and willpower than Steve would admit to for him to tear his eyes away.
And for a second, Steve couldn’t breathe.
“It’s not a big deal, just a few smooches here and there.  You won’t even notice.”
Yeah. Yeah, he was.
Tony gazed calmly back.
But what it boils down to is that there is a teenage version of himself from an alternate reality running around, and he spends about eighty percent of his time hitting on Tony.
He raised his hand and stroked the fur along Tony’s jaw. “Hey, Tony.”
“That’s because I am a genius,” Tony said and tugged Steve down for a quick kiss.  “Now about my Christmas present . . .”
He hissed as he finally managed to recline all the way back, his muscles untensing in fits and spurts once they grasped he wasn’t going to move anymore.
“Then why are we even having this conversation?” he asked, throwing his hands up, feeling like he’d gone from careening through the air, inches from crashing into the ground, only to have the system reboot at the last second. “Because the last thing he wants is me—”
“I have her address here coincidentally. Would you like it?” she asked politely, as if she were offering him a glass of water instead of turning his world upside down.
,” he said and couldn’t stop the hope that rose up. It was the first hint that Tony might actually agree with him, even if he had been willing to let the last several days go and forgive Steve anyway. Maybe Steve asking for punishment had been a step towards restoring Tony’s faith in him. “Anything you want.”
It didn’t take long to clear everything, and the dishes could wait overnight, he decided. Tony watched him as he worked, exuding sex from where he was semi-sprawled in his chair—although Steve could admit that was perhaps due to his own fervid imagination rather than anything Tony was doing—and Steve could feel the tension ratcheting up with each passing second.
Because Tony had never been able to do anything if it wasn’t over the top, he interrupted the mayor during his commemorative speech as thousands of people started to point and shout. The mayor unsuccessfully tried to push his bodyguards away as he joined in on the staring, but they ushered him off the stage quickly, and Steve didn’t bother keeping track of him after that.
“Now, I’m going to give you a choice,” Tony said, and Steve wished he wouldn’t. He didn’t
Oh, the mortification will come later, and Steve will convince himself he’s not ever going back to Dr. Stark’s office, will refuse to go out with his friends on the off chance he sees one of the staff members in public …
“Mr. Stark is frequently in the habit of spending multiple, consecutive days in the lab when inspiration strikes.”
than he’d had in weeks, though, like he was living the events around him instead of just watching from the sidelines, and it even made Steve more real to him. It felt like he was seeing Steve after a long absence and all the pent-up longing had finally burst free.
He groaned as he forced himself up to his knees and then to his feet, even though all he really wanted to do was to get his cuddle on with the floor mats and never leave them again.
Beloved. Why is Tony wearing that?
Tony stopped keeping track of the time and let Steve’s warmth start to seep into him. Steve was surprisingly comfortable to hold—although he supposed Steve could’ve been the world’s worst hugger, and he wouldn’t have minded.
As always, all my thanks to MetaAllu.
He let his arms curl around Bruce, pulling him close and cradling him like he’d wanted to for months, let his lips experience the lushness of Bruce’s, let his tongue taste and explore. He gave himself permission to feel what it would be like to have Bruce for real, and even knowing how much it’d hurt him afterwards, he couldn’t regret it.
It was hard to pay attention to what Tony was saying when it felt so good, Tony’s touch sure but gentle. Steve hadn’t let himself think about it, about one more thing that he might never have again, but he’d missed this, the slight burn that just stoked his arousal further, the sensation of having Tony inside of him, stretching him out so he could take more.
He remembered thinking his drycleaner was going to be so annoyed about the stain.
He wouldn’t ask, Steve told himself, trapping the words behind his teeth. He wouldn’t.
“Or maybe he’s trying to let me down easy.”
“Um, do you mind doing it a little harder?”
It can’t possibly be because of Steve, can it? Dr. Stark has never acted like he’s been interested in him, beyond a reaction to the obviousness of Steve’s attraction anyway, and considering Steve’s come multiple times while Dr. Stark has had his fingers or a speculum inside of him, Steve had assumed that meant Dr. Stark didn’t return his feelings.
He saw the way
“Steve,” Tony said, tugging gently at him, but Steve shook his head and held on tighter. He still had so much to say, but he needed a minute before he could go on, and he just wanted to spend that time at Tony’s feet.
, and I don’t want it either.”
“Alright. Now first things first. The fucking machine is not punishment.”
It really was a lot. On a different day, Steve might have been embarrassed by the amount, but there was something fascinating about seeing how it coated Tony’s skin, the way it dripped between his fingers and down the back of his hand, and Steve stared as it began to slide along his wrist.
, Pepper,” he said and knew he’d made a mistake as soon as the words left his mouth.
“I didn’t message Tony and ask him if he was bi,” Bucky parrots back, and Steve doesn’t believe him for a minute. “No, really, I didn’t,” Bucky says, and the amusement is practically oozing from his voice. “I’ll text you our conversation.”
He rubbed his face with his free hand.  “Are your parents coming to town or something?”
, and he can blame it on curiosity if the Angel wakes up. It’s the truth even, although it’s only part of it, the rest being that Tony is so drawn to his Angel that it’s almost a compulsion to slide along his broad back and trace where his wings connect to his body, to stroke up and down his smooth legs, even to wriggle over feet and between toes that seem much cuter this close up than they had before.
What if Steve hadn’t
He takes a half-step towards Tony before he realizes what he’s doing. Tony, who touches his tongue to the corner of his lips in a way that frankly should be illegal in forty two states, his gaze drifting down for a fraction of a second, scraping along Steve’s skin, before being jerked back up, and fuck. Steve doesn’t really need to shower, does he? He’s just going to get dirty again in a minute, right?
“The drugs make it hard to focus, but even at my worst, I can memorize a few floor plans.  I know the way out.”
“Here, let me take that for you,” Dr. Stark says kindly, and Steve hands his shirt over to go with his other clothes in one of the two chairs in the room, nodding his thanks because his voice seems to have left him. “Actually, I’ve got a hanger in my office. I’ll be right back.”
Tony snuffled his hair in seeming apology, licking gently at the back of Steve’s neck and shoulders until he started to relax, and only then did he gradually begin sitting back, Steve groaning as he adjusted to a position they both could be comfortable in.
Of course, how Steve feels is exactly what keeps getting him into trouble, so he tries to ignore it and mentally prepare himself for what’s coming. It doesn’t help, makes it worse if anything, but he does gets distracted by the discovery that it’s surprisingly nice having blankets piled on top of him. They’re actually really soft and heavier than he’d expected, the weight reassuring, and they smell …
“Honor,” Steve rasped, and he was barely able to get the word out.
“Hi!” he said, oozing innocence like a kid with sticky fingers in a candy store.
Steve hesitated. The careless way in which Stark was offering freedom—no matter how temporary—made him paranoid that it’d be rescinded just as casually as soon as he said yes. Although . . . was that what Stark had been dwelling on all day long? Why would he have been so closed off then?
“C’mon, Puppy,” Tony said, his voice hoarse, his hand sliding around Steve’s side to curl over the head of Steve’s cock. “I want to see you come.”
“I know I presented it as punishment, but I didn’t think
,” he growled, folding his arms across his chest.
Tony’s eyes searched his, and Steve didn’t know what he was looking for, what Tony thought he’d discover under all the layers of suspicion and guilt and faithlessness, but he knew Tony hadn’t found it when he sighed quietly, long and drawn out, the lines in his face deeper and more ragged than they’d been even an hour ago. Steve remembered being hopeful at how relaxed Tony had looked before Steve had fucked it up all over again, again and again and again, and he felt stupid and small and ignorant.
“Can you move down a bit more?”
“Huh,” Tony said. “Really? Every day?” Then he shrugged. “Maybe you just need to be milked. We can experiment with that if you’d like, but it’s fine if you don’t want to. There are tons of other things we can do instead that I think you’d appreciate and that I’d enjoy just as much.”
“Sorry,” he coughs and waits until everyone gets back down to business before peaking at his phone once again. The message hasn’t changed.
“Come here,” Tony said, and Steve complied, relieved to move on to whatever was going to happen next. Maybe he didn’t know what exactly they were going to do, but he trusted Tony. He knew Tony would take care of him.
“And do you keep in contact with these people?”
“What can he possibly be working on that requires this kind of effort?” Steve asked, because unless something sinister were coming towards New York—which he was sure he would’ve heard about—there was no justifiable reason for Tony to be working himself to the bone.
But Steve was doing him a favor, was doing the both of them one.  Their . . . whatever it was they wanted to call it . . . wasn’t so far along that cutting things off would wreck the team.  Yes, it’d be awkward for a while, but it was salvageable, and it wasn’t like Tony would have a hard time finding someone to take his place.
“Now, I knew a doctor a few years back who had a patient that would … well, let’s just say this person made a noise of a feline nature during an exam. Not all the time, mind you, but whenever the speculum went in and whenever it went out, there’d always be an accompanying sound.”
whether or not it was actually Tony, but rationality didn’t hold a candle to the pain of being in the same room as someone that looked and sounded and acted like Tony and not being able to touch him.
“I wouldn’t do that,” Steve said, looking self-righteous and offended, and Tony supposed he should be feeling grateful that whatever his feelings about the matter, Steve was willing to try to make it bearable at least, but what he was actually thinking was, seriously?  Was there anything that
I can’t tell you how much I miss your wandering hands.
“I need you to punish me,” he said, his voice cracking, and fuck, he wanted to hear what Tony had been about to say, but he couldn’t, not until Tony knew how sincere he was, how sorry he was, not until he’d earned the privilege of Tony’s forgiveness. “Please, Tony.”
So this is now a series! This installment might have a part 2, though. What do you think, guys? A little bit of porn for the end of the date? Or shall we move on to actual, actual medkink?
Tony didn’t try to take his hand again as they stood in the elevator, but it almost seemed as if he wanted to, standing closer to Steve than the small space warranted. Tony opened his mouth a couple of times as if he were going to say something, but he never did, too careful and considerate to upset Steve, and Steve …
“It’s not Steve’s fault.”
Dr. Stark hangs his shirt on the coat hook on the back of the door and smiles at Steve as he goes to wash his hands again.
Although, of course, it wasn’t.
,” the guy says, sounding particularly delighted, impressed even, and wait,
“Preemptive strike. That’s what you’re saying, isn’t it? Taking people out before they become a problem.”
take me with you.”
He could tell it wasn’t what they wanted to hear, but it was true nonetheless.
Enough time had passed that the scars weren’t so vivid anymore, but they still ached, sometimes more than others, and he hated the shocked sounds he heard whenever he got naked in front of others.  It made people uncomfortable to see the evidence of so much pain, and he couldn’t blame them.  He didn’t like looking at it either.
my back!” Tony growled, immediately faltering as Steve’s gaze met his, his expression stealing whatever else he might have said.
“I hope so,” he says as the door to back area slams opens and Dr. Stark …
“Oh no you don’t,” Steve says and picks him up.  One of Tony’s favorite games is to jump onto unsuspecting people’s heads as they pass by, and Clint has threatened to dropkick him if he does it one more time.  Steve doesn’t think he’d actually go through with it but better to be safe than sorry.  “What am I going to do with you?” he sighs as he rubs under Tony’s chin.
“I know it can’t be comfortable for you, but we’re going to figure out what’s causing the excessive slicking, and then you won’t have to deal with it anymore.”
“I should’ve just told you then, but I thought you knew how much I cared about you. You’ve always made sure I felt cared for, and I thought … I thought—”
“Here, sit down,” Tony said, gently directing Steve down onto a tiled bench—a heated tile bench, Steve discovered. As a matter of fact, the wall was also heated, probably all the walls were, and while it seemed like a waste of energy, Steve could admit he appreciated the indulgence as he let himself lean back, watching Tony adjust some of the shower heads so they were directed at Steve’s body. He sighed as Tony turned on the water, which came out already at the perfect temperature. He’d missed Tony a lot during his time in D.C., but if he’d had to name something to come in second place, the tankless water heater would’ve been it.
It was the first time Tony had touched him sexually in days, the first time Tony had touched him there specifically in over a week, and Steve knew he had no one to blame but himself, but he wanted—
Captain America or anything. He wasn’t stupid after all—Super Serum,
“Would you like some dessert?”
doing it and not just something he’d built. Which was how the tentacles had won out. Not that there were that many; just two. He hadn’t wanted Steve to freak out after all, so the other ten were staying rolled up. And not that Tony would actually be doing the fucking, since he was just directing things, but still. It was closer to the real thing than the alternative.
Stop? It felt like he couldn’t get his brain to work properly, his thoughts sluggish and ungainly.
He got up, the sound of the stool scraping against the wood too loud, but at least it filled the silence. At least he could concentrate on carefully setting his plate into the sink instead of how quiet Steve was, and it was only coincidence that he didn’t look at Steve again and not because he was avoiding his eyes. “Let me know when you’ve chosen,” he said before turning tail and fleeing.
Does he?
“To—” And then Tony’s cock finally found its mark, and Steve cried out as Tony immediately started thrusting wildly.
He shivers as Dr. Stark’s hands slide down his neck, presumably to check there’s no swelling in his glands, but it doesn’t feel clinical; it feels like he’s caressing him.
hurt. Why the hell do my toenails hurt?”
And he knew that it was a terrible thought, that in the morning, he’d be angry with himself for even having considered it.
Because no matter how much he’d thought he didn’t like the guy, he couldn’t stand to see the despair on Steve’s face.
Steve followed Tony to the kitchen and watched as he lifted the lid of a bubbling pot and stirred the contents. They smelled amazing.
Steve can’t quite put his finger on what they remind him of, but there’s an underlying earthy scent that’s remarkably soothing with traces of cologne that cause Steve’s head to swirl and the occasional bright, almost metallic note. He wouldn’t have expected a doctor’s office to have something like this that isn’t aggressively neutral, but he guesses a lot of omegas feel better with—
He didn’t have anything against them exactly—except for the four, no, five, that had managed to sneak into a public restroom, garage, Starbucks, hotel room and restaurant just before they were about to go into heat in the hopes of trapping him into a Bond—but he hated the assumption that just because he was an Alpha, that meant that he needed kids and a loving Omega to go home to.  Like the best thing for him was to find his “
What if he’s watching Steve fumble around and staring at the back of Steve’s naked thighs and imagining some other reason Steve might have for bending over in front of him?
If he could just do something or even understand what he’d done to hurt Steve enough to lead to this …
to work. He’d stepped down as CEO of Stark Industries after all, and Stark had more money already than he could spend in multiple lifetimes.
“Good, good. Has anything changed since the last time you were in? Any signs of sickness? Tiredness?” Dr. Reynolds asked, smiling congenially, as if he thought that would somehow put Steve at ease.
“Name one!”
Steve hadn’t realized how much he missed training with someone else. Which was odd when he thought about it, because he didn’t actually have that much practice doing it.
“I don’t know,” he said crossly, because the question implied he should’ve given everything a level of thought and consideration that totally hadn’t happened.  “I’ll think of something.”
the news reels and clips of Captain America, had watched the man lift a motorcycle with one arm, but it was one thing to admire a guy’s ability to bench press a truck, totally another to have him block a strike and make
He stared down at his hands, his fingers curling into fists.
Now, however, all that was left was the tatters of that resolve in the wake of Tony’s reaction.
Steve hesitated, and Tony didn’t push. He wanted to give Steve something special, more than a rushed kiss that was over before it could properly begin and more than something casual that could happen between anyone. He wanted it to have meaning, and considering their past, that was probably asking for a lot considering they had a clock ticking over their heads, but he was going to try anyway.
Dom,” he said, stung by the suggestion that he was failing, especially from her, because out of anyone, she would know the best—
Steve made sure to spread his legs wide, even though his face burned red as a result, and he tilted his hips up, in case Tony wanted to see everything. His arms, he let hang free, since Tony hadn’t said anything about them.
He knew that Tony said stuff he didn't mean in the heat of an argument but that comment had royally pissed him off.
After that, Steve and Tony's relationship became the town's worst kept secret. Partly because Steve always made sure to see Tony during his rounds and partly because Tony kept serenading Steve outside his window.
Tony seemed a little disbelieving at his response but nodded. “Right, well, I guess I need to go and reacquaint myself with a blacksmith's shop.”
Steve tightened his grip on Tony and it was probably a touch too painful but Tony just tutted. “You like that idea, huh? I think this is just what we both need tonight, what do you say, Cap? You...
Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple before closing his own eyes.
“You're drunk, Tony.” Steve protested.
Tony's smile flickered but stayed on his face. “Like the gun.”
Steve smiled at him warmly. “I'll always be there to take care of you.”
Tony was prepared to give Steve a friendly handshake and a brief goodbye but the man had other ideas and Tony was suddenly enveloped in a warm hug.
Bucky watched as Tony moved to steal a meatball off of Steve's plate with a cheeky grin, but instead of Steve batting Tony's hand away like he had every time Bucky had tried to do the same thing, Steve just let him off with an eye roll.
Steve let out a tense breath. “Look, I know you've had a rough time of it lately but we need you on the Ultimates.”
“Not if you drink yourself to death first.”
The two of them settled on the couch as Tony queued up the DVR.
“I've got you, Tony.” Steve promised, placing a kiss to his brow before wrapping him up in his arms and letting sleep take him.
Steve didn't have anything to say to that, but Tony offered no resistance when Steve pulled the bottle from his hands. “C'mon, Tony.” Steve murmured, helping the drunk man to his feet.
“Actually...”
There was still a lot they had to deal with. Battleworld, the Beyonder and now Loki, but Steve couldn't bring himself to give a damn about any of it in this moment because Tony was back in his arms.
Steve raised an eyebrow dubiously. “Doubt it.”
Tony flinched like Steve had burned him. “No. Sorry.”
Tony shook his head quickly. “No, Steve never hit me, though I doubt he would take too kindly to me hitting on him.”
Steve watched as Tony shucked off his tiny underwear that really didn't seem like it was all that comfortable to wear. Tony kept his silk purple robe on as he reached behind himself with slick fingers.
“Whatever you want.” Steve murmured.
The ball was in Steve's court. His hands itched to put his hands on Tony's hips, in his hair, on his-
Tony let out more noises as he vigorously fucked into him, letting out a stuttered moan every time Steve slid home. Steve felt a thrill run through him, especially seeing at how quiet Tony was as he prepped himself earlier.
Steve frowned at him, probably wondering what he was going to say before he cut himself off, but a subtle touch from Natasha had him keeping his mouth closed.
Steve blinked. “Stark. As in the gun?”
Either way sounded fine to him. Marrying Tony was the goal, he didn't really much care for how it happened.
The man gave him a long look. “I'm sorry.”
He heard the tv click on again, but it all was just background noise over the warm presence of Steve.
Steve nodded his agreement. “That he was. He was our town blacksmith, which means we're in need of a new one. I was thinking maybe you would be up for the task.”
“Shhhh, Tony. You're safe now.” Steve murmured into his ear as he carried him to their bedroom.
“Yeah.” Natasha agreed quietly, a distant look on her face. “I still miss her sometimes."
Natasha just gave Tony a bemused look before turning to Steve. "Steve, this is Tony Stark. He's my male counterpart from Earth 1610."
Clint narrowed his eyes, looking around but it seemed as if only he had seen Cap and Stark's positive interaction. Nevertheless, Clint had other things to worry about himself, strumming the string on his bow in nervous habit as he tried to calm himself before their current mission.
Tony was pleasant company and seemed genuinely interested in the conversation.
Steve finally got up into the bed. It was a bit awkward with his pants and underwear around his thighs but Steve made it work.
Tony gave her an incredulous look. “Me? Ask out Steve?” Tony tsked. “I'd get decked in the face before I finished the sentence.”
Tony broke the kiss and started mouthing his way up Steve's neck and to his ear. Steve could feel the tickle of Tony's breath as Tony put his lips to Steve’s earlobe. “So, tell me, how would you feel about fucking me into the mattress tonight?”
2. Betty
“Happy?”
“I'm actually a little offended you stole my tech but have no idea who I am.” Tony said with a shrug. “The name's Tony Stark and you're currently using my repulsor tech.”
Tony spent most of his time frequenting the saloon and Steve never pressed him about his past, not wanting to dispel the easy camaraderie they had, but things were never that simple in Timely.
Tony gave her a self-deprecating smile. “I'm supposed to be a genius, I should've noticed the signs about her sooner. Love makes you blind I suppose.” He said, taking another sip of coke, wishing it was something a bit stronger.
Fury had heard enough and high-tailed it out of there. He did not want to be privy to the rest of their conversation. He'd heard more than he wanted to as it was.
Steve could tell there was something Tony was sore about but decided to not press the issue, instead taking Tony's hand and shaking it. “Well, Tony, are you planning on sticking around?”
Steve sighed, knowing she was right and ordered a drink while he tried to get his head on straight.
“Ecstatic.” Steve deadpanned.
Steve lifted Tony up and he felt as the man in his arms jerked and made a small sound of protest. Steve shushed him.
“You too, Tony.” Steve said, wrapping an arm around Natasha's waist.
Steve had been
Steve sat back down and Tony took a chance by resting his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve tensed briefly but didn't push him off. Steve relaxed after a moment and wrapped an arm around Tony's back. Tony shut his eyes and let out a contented sigh.
Tony picked at the label on the whiskey bottle. “I can't make guns. Not again.” Tony said quietly.
Natasha fiddled with her own drink. "I fell in love with a woman a few years back. Her name was Rumiko. I was planning on proposing to her. Bought her a ring, had it all planned out... She was killed the day before I was going to ask her. She died in my arms because a super villain was trying to get to me."
“It's the name of our superhero team.”
The Ultimates had been together a few weeks and things had been going fairly well. The team was new and they were still working through the kinks but overall Fury was pleased with their success.
Betty froze, thinking there was about to be an incident of Steve throwing Tony halfway across the room, instead she was rewarded with the smooth baritones of Steve's laughter.
Natasha gave him a nod.
She sat down across from Steve and gave him a smile.
“You... You think you love me?” Tony said, eyebrows raised.
“Thank you.” Tony said, not quite sure what exactly he was thanking Steve for.
He desperately wished he had some whiskey to numb what he was feeling, but he wouldn't betray Steve like that. Steve had always objected to his drinking. Besides, he deserved to suffer for what had happened.
Tony closed his eyes and took in the silence of the penthouse. He hadn't gotten around to hiring new help yet and everything looked exactly as he left it. He walked over to the bar and mixed himself a vodka tonic, savoring the bitter flavor on his tongue as he took a long swig.
“I love you and we've been doing this for over a year now. That means something to me.”
When Steve had asked if it was okay if Tony join them for their weekly dinner, Bucky had thought he was joking, but here Tony was, dressed to the nines with a charming smile on his face.
So for a whole year, Steve leads SI in a new direction… it seems like being Captain America has its advantage as no one out of Obadiah's loyal dogs oppose his decisions… in six months of him managing SI Steve was able to make impossible deals become real, which was one of the reasons that the shareholders backed away… it seems like Captain America leading SI, was too much, as people were still enchanted by the legends that were 'The First Avenger'. Nine months later, Steve was able to lock Stane out of the company while imprisoning half of the shareholders that took his side… because apparently they were Hydra sleeping agents, who sold SI weapons in the black market, the blackmailing material that Peggy gave him was one of the reasons he was able to do that… sadly they didn't have anything against Stane… yet.
Steve was able to catch the frightening scent of Howard, mixed with different people who start backing away, probably thinking that some villain was able to steal an Iron Man armor to attack innocent people, which may not be that far from the truth, but something inside Steve was telling him that’s his idiot mate in there, and he needed to stop the Alpha before he does something he will regret. “Tony!” Steve called out as he rushed toward the Alpha, ignoring how Howard hissed at him, probably afraid that if Steve attracted the attention to them it meant their doom.
"W-why are you doing this?" Tony's voice cracked his breath speeding up when he felt Ty's face coming closer to his, trying to stop himself from shaking when he felt the taller man paste himself on Tony's back, not giving him any space between their bodies, the knife that was way too close to where his baby was made tears slide faster.
Tony though refused to leave Steve's side even when everything became more awkward (And sweet, even if a major part of Tony refuse to admit that) with the way Steve kept smiling happily at him and whispering sweet nothing in his ear, causing Bucky to hiss and growl at Tony like a feral cat, and for Natasha to sharpen a knife she materialized out of nowhere. The reason why Tony refused to leave Steve side was that Tony was 1000% sure he will be killed when Steve would leave him alone; the only reason half of the people didn't outright strangle him to gain Steve's affection was that Steve was huge and intimidating when he wanted to be.
The king though only raise an eyebrow at that and scoffed, nodding his head to the guard responsible for watching the prisoner, ordering him to open the cell in the farthest place from the servants', and all but throw Steven inside as he closed the cell's door, which made the Omega glared at him harshly, hoping that the man will drop dead any moment now.
/Warning/: This chapter contains cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence, feelings, near mentally breakdowns, mention of past abuse, mention of rape, panic attacks, maybe fluff? And Steve finally gets his shit together… And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
Steven hummed as he came toward Tony taking the book from his hands and flipping through the pages a little with a thoughtful look on his face. "It talks about Ragnarok, its Asgard history." Steven said as he closed the book, making Tony squeak and look at Steven then at the book.
"It's the power to displacement ratio that's the real problem on these things." Phillips finally announces after a while of awkward silence which made Tony look up at him, making the man pursed his lips a little after taking a good look at him. "You need a Band-Aid or something?" Tony looked around before biting his lower lip nodding his head, not daring to ask for aspirin, not knowing what it could do to the baby. Phillips lets out a soft breath of air between his teeth and finishes up, leading Tony into the store, and the teen tenses his body a little, but he relaxed when he didn't see any cameras in the store. "You on the run, boy?" He asks over his shoulder, looking at Tony with a knowing eye, making the teen swallow and shake his head at that, causing Phillips to hum, sounding unconvinced as he goes around the counter and punches the price of gas into the old cash machine. "What are you doing in this neck of the woods?" Philips finally asked which made the young man fidget, even more, wanting to just thrust the crumbling bills at the man and high tail it out of here.
(See the end of the chapter for
But something, something that Tony didn't know what held his tongue. It was a few seconds later that Tony remembered; he remembered the pained words Steve stated when they were in the Avengers tower, about how he lost his glow because he fell in love with someone.
Another thing was Stane, it seems that his stunt in S.H.I.E.L.D. was more than enough for Peggy and Howard to resume his case in the court once again, explaining that Stane was too dangerous to Omegas, that he was irredeemable, and that whatever knowledge he possesses on Hydra, S.H.I.E.L.D. can discover it on their own, considering that they have been fighting Hydra for years now and that they were closing on them. So far all was looking good, especially when the authorities were studying into Stane's case and the death penalty again, causing Tony to cross his fingers and yearning with all of his heart that this will be the last time he hears from Stane ever again.
As much as Tony wanted to run to Steve as soon as he can, he was stuck, after the invasion was over, Tony could only eat and throw himself on his bed sleeping the day off, which ends up with him sleeping for a whole day that Tony wonders how he was still alive, then after he woke up he was forced into to go with Peggy to give his statement on the battle, his aunt gave it another word, but Tony was too tired to care as he groans and complain through the whole thing, it took the whole day! After that Tony got a call from Pepper who told him to come to the tower because believe it or not half of it was destroyed in the invasion, as much as Tony complain and moan about having something important to do, the Beta snapped at him to bring his ass to the tower, it ends with her calling Natasha and Bucky to make sure he will come, the two of them ends up dragging him to the tower, Bruce was with them because Tony told him about the inventions that may need Tony and Bruce working together to disassemble them, Clint followed them because he thinks that Natasha dragging Tony's ass back to the tower was funny, Thor also ends up tagging with them, because he was thinking that this was a team-building exercise, thankfully or not thankfully depend on your point of view, Peggy told him that she will catch them later…
The woman took a shuddered breath, taking a handkerchief from her pocket, and wiped the tears that managed to escape. It was not a wise time to let her emotion run rampage, not after all these years, she needs to get herself together, that's what she needed to do. Clearing her throat the woman braved the small flight of stairs, stopping directly in front of the door, gazing at it with a hesitate look, not knowing what to do.
Tony opened the penthouse door and closes it behind him, sighing happily at being in the apartment. When Tony entered his living room, he froze as he saw his father sitting on the couch, with one of the baby's books in his hands. "When were you going to tell me?" Howard asked after a little while of silence.
"Are you… are you OK?" Bucky asked as he finally moved from the door, coming to sit in the armchair near Steve, but not that near, to make Steve feel trapped; Steve was grateful for that, but Bucky's words caused Steve to pause and look at his hands, wondering if he was really OK.
So what do you think?
Pepper's fearful tone made Tony tense unconsciously; feeling like something bad was going to happen any minute now. "What's wrong, Pepper?" Tony asked, wondering if his friend had seen something outside and that's why she was fearful all of sudden, maybe she saw the lake and the truth lying underneath it.
Tony swallowed as he shuffled from leg to leg looking at the bouquet of red roses in his hands, swallowing a little before he got the courage to ring the bell, heart pounding in his throat at the possibility of Steve screaming his head off at him and kick him out of the house, and to be honest, Tony won't blame the Omega if he did that, he really won't, but he want his mate back, he wanted his mate and child back and he will do anything, absolutely anything to get them back.
"I would," Tony answered coldly, his cold tone causing Natasha to recoil back, shock and disbelieve coloring her face. "I would let her die, do you know why? Because then it meant she died a human, it meant she won't become whatever Rogers become. Unfortunately, you were too stupid to realize that Rogers gave Stevie an honorable death as a human and not turn him into something that you consider a monster." Tony turned his face away from Natasha, ignoring how pale her face was becoming when the realization finally painted her face. "I have nowhere else to go, you know that, right? My father is finally catching up to me; he did something to Rhodey and Pepper, and now I am just a sitting duck waiting for him to fine and take my daughter away… I can't stay, I can't leave… I know the safest place for Morgan is here, and maybe, maybe it would be years before my father catches up to me, enough time for me to come up with a backup plan… go tell Peggy I am not forgiving you, that me staying here is only for my daughter's sake, and that I better not see you around my property uninvited." Tony stood up from the swing, ignoring Natasha as he went inside his house, closing the door behind him, still thinking about what Natasha told him…
"You are awake…" Tony breathed out in wonderment, making Steve smile, but it looked like a grimace more than a smile, with the way Steve looked at this moment, it was a small miracle. It was the first time anyone saw Steve awake when the sun was up in the sky. "Wait! Did Peter just say you hit the Scarlet Witch with a chair?" The wide eye look as Tony said those words, made Steve give a tired chuckle and nod his head. Tony on the other hand could only gaze at Steve with a dropped jaw as realization made his breath vanish…
"I came here trying to look for a few DIY books; I'm trying to build this munchkin a playroom with the addition of a treehouse!" Tony grin pointing at the sleeping baby strapped to his chest, at the sight of Morgan, Maria's eyes seemed to soften a little so Tony took that as a victory and walked to where Maria was standing.
." Peter said a small yawn made itself known as the boy snuggled to Steve, causing the star to let out a happy sigh as he held into the boy, hoping that Tony will leave Peter with him.
"No, I am in the third grade." Peter piped happily as he swings his legs, the answer made Tony paused a little and blink his eyes, filling a blooming pain in his heart, though his shook his head and return back to finishing the lunch, listening to Peter's humming as he cooked the food.
Steve though, looked at Tony for a long time, making the Omega a little nervous but then the Alpha gave him a sad smile. "They got into a car accident nine and a half years ago, the only survivor is May, but she is in a coma to this day." Steve said which made Tony hold himself from taking a deep inhale, shock freezing him in his place.
"What is your price?" The witch asked not even taking a second to think things through; truly, she was nothing but a pitiful child, a child that wouldn't survive being beside Thanos more than a day before she was killed, and by then not even her magic was going to help her. Nebula had to sigh through her nose, hating herself more than ever for what she was doing.
Maybe he’d accidentally caught Dr. Reynolds passing by just as his nurse was leaving the room? Except that would be quite the coincidence.
He’d wanted Steve for so long, had loved Steve for so long, and the idea he’d somehow managed to convince him to love him back …
Tony was like in bed—something he looked forward to rectifying as soon as possible.
“When I thought about it later, I didn’t believe him,” he said, his eyes drawn back to Tony. “You’re a good man, Tony, and I know that better than almost anyone, but Nick is a good man too, and he still supported Insight. Even good men can wander from the path sometimes,” he said, imploring, willing him to understand. “I didn’t want to bring up Insight until I was ready in case you’d … in case there was something I couldn’t … I couldn’t handle. I still didn’t think you’d gone along with it,” he said, knowing that it seemed like the exact opposite, “but if you had, I wanted to be able to discuss it with a clear head.”
to ask, not when Tony was already giving him so much.
But today wasn’t a typical day, and Steve wanted—
His white shirt, which is absolutely plastered to his skin from the rain and aggressively showing his nipples.
For Tony, he told himself. He could do it for Tony.
Tony’s back in the shirt he’d given Steve. And yes, it’s rumpled, but all the buttons are done up and the sleeves are rolled down, and for some reason he’s wearing one of Steve’s ties and carrying one of Steve’s notebooks, and there’s something about the way he’s standing, just a tiniest bit straighter than he’d been when Steve had gone into the bathroom, his expression coolly pleasant and somewhat distant—
Steve may or may not make some kind of noise, because everyone in the meeting he’s in turns to look at him.
I don’t know if you’ve written.  We haven’t gotten any supplies from the Compound in over a week because of the rains.  Have you guys figured out why changes in the weather affect Them so much?  I’ve never seen them be so crazy before, or so mindless.  I killed a few that had settled down to eat.  They didn’t look up, even when I cut them down.
At least Tony had dimmed the lights, Steve thought.
Although maybe part of that was because Steve was coming, Tony realized hazily, as Steve clenched rhythmically around him, grinding against the mattress and gasping like he couldn’t get enough air, just from Tony pushing in.
No, but he’d—he’d—when
it said, and Tony’s lips thinned.
Although perhaps it shouldn’t have, considering everything that Steve had said.
splintering his heart more and more.
Tony? What was wrong with him?
“Well, it definitely looks like you need help taking care of something, soldier, and I am more than happy to volunteer my services,” he said, pushing into the room, because it looked like Captain America was trying to hide a missile in his shorts and not doing a very good of it at that.
He shrugged it off and said, “Dinner was good. What was it again?”
“Look,” Tony said, rubbing his face, and Steve couldn’t read all the emotions on Tony’s face, but he could see the frustration, the regret, and for the first time, he understood Tony hadn’t made the decision to end their contract easily. A person didn’t look like
Tony’s going in so deep that it actually hurts, and he knows that Tony’s stretched him out so much that he’ll be loose and sloppy by the time Tony pulls out, gaping open and dribbling slick, and the tears start falling even faster, because it’s all so good that he can’t keep them back.
Steve’s legs are outright shaking when Tony adds the second slim vibrator, and yeah, it won’t be long now.
He was sure he could hear her rolling his eyes if he concentrated hard enough. “Uh huh. Look, Tony, none of this seems like a bad thing to me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, newfangled suit or not, so why don’t you just turn around and leave, because I don’t need your
"You know," Tony said, staring at the handcuffs that tied them together, "you had me at hello, so this was really unnecessary."
He tries to calm himself as Dr. Stark listens to his heartbeat and lungs, but any progress he makes goes immediately out the window as soon as Dr. Stark tells him to lie down.
He finished cleaning and woke up the computer Stark had given him access to. He’d already spent hours on it that day, but the whole past week, he and Stark had watched movies or played video games together after dinner, and he didn’t feel up to either activity at the moment.
Steve remembered flinching when Tony had strapped him down, being unable to look him in the eyes as Tony tried to reassure him.
He enjoys himself so much that he (mostly) forgets about the fact that Tony is in much better shape than a doctor has any right to be, and he lets himself get lost in Tony’s eyes and voice and smiles.
to putting himself on display—but he’d already committed and had been doing it for a while now.
Steve swallows, his smile starting to fade.
“Alright, but if you change your mind, you can always say your safeword.”
Steve had always valued the truth, but he hadn’t wanted to know she didn’t love him anymore.
Steve hadn’t realized how significant it was that Stark was always around, but discovering that people were willing to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to have an hour of Stark’s time
He wasn’t sure what to expect when he saw Tony: anger or disappointment, or even worse, more of that nothingness that had been so common in the past day.
Except all Tony seemed to want was to use him like a human blanket. It took all of Steve’s willpower not to say something. He had to remind himself that the night wasn’t just about him. Tony wanted this; Tony had plans. And if he were being honest, he wanted to go along with Tony’s plans.
He rolls his eyes.  It's not that Tony was ever particularly effusive with "please" and "thank you" before, but they seem to have completely disappeared from his vocabulary recently.
He realizes Dr. Stark is waiting for his permission, so he nods hastily, trying to relax, and then Dr. Stark begins rolling up the cloth, higher and higher, past the tops of Steve’s thighs and his testicles, which are drawn up tight against his body. He finally sets it down across Steve’s lower abdomen, and it covers the upper half of his cock, which flexes at the proximity of Dr. Stark’s hands, completely without his permission. Steve’s gaze flicks to Dr. Stark’s face right in time to see the tip of his tongue wet his lips.
He took a deep breath after she left, glancing around the room, which looked exactly like the last exam room he’d been in, and the one before that, and the one before that, with the possible exception of the art. Maybe.
Tony. And then Tony would believe him. Then he might want to keep him for real.
No. He’d already tried to stay away from Tony once, and he’d spent the whole year unable to forget him, filled with regret. Steve could do it again, but he didn’t want to, didn’t want to find out how much worse it’d be when he’d fallen … when he felt … when there wasn’t even the hope that Tony would take him back at the end of it.
Tony wouldn’t call himself cruel. How could he be cruel when Steve liked it so much?
, he thinks, because there are only two omegas on the team, and Clint went out on assignment three days ago. That means that Steve is in heat. Steve. Is in heat.
There really isn’t anything special about it.
kind of wants to pinch his nose shut to get a bit of relief.
“You still alright, Steve?” Dr. Stark asks, and honestly, how is he supposed to respond to that?
Any calmness that Steve had attained went flying out the window, and Steve let out a sharp cry, humping back onto Tony’s hand and sobbing out loud. It might have been mean of Tony to start out with two from the get go, but Steve had been so relaxed from the rimming, and it didn’t actually take long before he could bottom out, Steve pleading shamelessly all the while. Tony let him, too caught up in the slick slide, the feeling of Steve clenching down on him, to do more than shush him softly, although when he started brushing against Steve’s prostate, even that stopped working, if it had ever helped in the first place. Tony had to actively push Steve’s head down instead of just resting his hand there as Steve’s body jerked and spasmed, and he fucked him like that for a long time, mesmerized by the sight of his fingers splitting Steve open.
a collar?”
The hug was different from the one last night, Steve holding him carefully, grip firm but not tight and without the desperation from before. There was almost a little too much control involved, as if Steve were deciding how much pressure he should use and where the best placement of his hands should be, and hey, it wasn’t like Tony could complain since he was doing the same thing—he was just less obvious about it. Still, it kind of amused him, because Steve was an A hugger, his arms high across Tony’s shoulders and back with plenty of space in between their lower torsos, and it was an awkward way to stand for long periods of time.
For those of you that are REALLY into tentacle sex, prepare to be disappointed, because I did not go very hardcore on this. I know, what even, right? I just wanted to write it. But then got tired of writing it. So. Yeah.
