Peter bit his bottom lip and reached down to rub at his ankle where the spider had bitten him. Ned frowned, “How do you know this?” He asked MJ.
Steve and Tony went to see Skyfall at the cinema, Steve had seen several of the James Bond movies which Tony had recommended that he watch, insisted he avoid On Her Majesties Secret Service, since the movie sucked and George Lazenby was more wooden than an old fashioned mop handle!
“Then we get better defences.” Steve said, “You’ve said it will take the Chitauri a while to get here, they’d have to regroup first, they suffered a lot of casualties and they are far away, so that buys us time, we’ll put it to good use, get a real planetary defence sorted, so if and when they come again we’ll be ready to kick their ugly asses back across the universe!”
Tony shook his head and gave Steve a world weary look. “I don’t know what you’re Tony was like, but I… I wasn’t always a good man. I made weapons of mass destruction, as well as missiles, guns, and hard wear. Those weapons fell into the hands of terrorists because I was too busy being drunk or sky high on friggin’ coke, to notice that Stane was selling under the table. Those weapons have been used to kill millions, I have the blood of millions of my hands, and now I am going to stand before the United Nations and make a case for the creation of the ultimate weapons of mass destruction and for them to trust me as a responsible person.” He let out a scoff, “Its like an alcoholic asking for the keys to a brewery!”
Steve tried to picture himself and Tony then, ten, fifteen, and twenty years from now. Would they still be avenging or would they retire somewhere peaceful, maybe to that Island of Tony’s where they could just lay in the sun all day and probably complain about their greying hair and aching joints, assuming Steve could even get aching joints and grey hair.
Sam looked taken aback by the request but quickly recovered, “There’s some leftover pizza in the fridge if you want something quick, or there’s bread and various spreads, I’ve also got some ben and jerries in the freezer if you’re in the mood for something sweet.”
Both retired from the Avengers, Steve handed over being Captain America to Bucky, while Tony handed the Mantle of Iron Man to Rhodey, as they headed up state with Lily to a lake house, where they were joined nine months later by another daughter they named Morgan, that Pepper surrogated.
Months later, Steve and Tony sat on the deck watching with fond smiles, as Lily, held Morgan’s hands as she carefully toddled on the grass to their play tent, where Lily had an Iron Man mask and a Captain America Shield.
“He wanted to do this.” MJ said, “He wanted to prove that he could be a superhero like Mr Stark and Captain Rogers.”
“Bucky… you mean James Buchanan Barnes, right?” Tony checked, “He died 1945, fell from a train in the alps.”
“Hey, no throwing food in here, this is a hospital not a zoo.” Tony said picking at his burger, Steve would have been worried, this was Tony’s favourite food, but it seemed even he was losing his taste for it.
Steve ran his hands over his face and up into his hair, “This wasn’t how I was going to do this.” He said, “But, we should talk about it, or I want to talk about it, maybe, the possibility of us trying for a baby.”
“Has something happened?” Steve asked, “During the night, or this morning?” it could have only been within the last few hours or else he’d have been there.
Steve supposed that Tony might have arranged for him to have custody but he wasn’t sure he wanted it, or rather he wasn’t sure he could handle it. He didn’t think that he would be very good for the boys if Tony died, didn’t really see himself lasting very long after it. Tony had been the light of this new century, his hope, his reason for living, really living not just existing.
Every Superhero in the world was on alert and had taken to the streets along with the military to defend the shelters against Thanos’s forces.
“You understand?” Tony snapped interrupting the man again, “Has your son been sliced open by deranged doctor in front of you recently?”
After him Bruce spoke of his own abusive past, something that got understanding in Tony’s eyes, how he’d tried to replicate the serum, become exposed the gamma radiation which had created Hulk, how it was his repressed anger at himself and his own inaction against his abusive Father when he was a child that had led to the creation of the rage Monster.
“Then you know that your mother will not be defeated by his injury and will still be your mother as much as he had ever been.” Thor said, “And you and your brother can help him by being strong and supporting him as he recovers. You can do that can’t you little one?”
This had Tony alert and jumping up and out of bed in a moment. Throwing open draws to find some tracksuit bottoms and a T-shirt to throw on.
“S’okay.” Tony said grateful when Steve let go of his arms, he shut down the photo images and went to shut down the letters, pausing over the 2023 letter, “Camp Leheigh.” He said, “That’s where you did your training, isn’t it?”
“Got away.” The asset said, “I need maintenance so I can complete the mission.” He’d be punished for his failure, but not until after the mission was completely, they would want him to finish that first before they chastised him and put him back on ice.
“Ah, our little mutant is awake it seems.” The Doctor said coming into view, “Quite the interesting specimen you are, Mr Peter Parker-Stark.”
He tried to make himself as comfortable as possibly and closed his eyes, hoping he would slip back off to sleep again or at least a pleasant dose, only he heard something that had his senses on alert.
Another jeep came up along theirs and a couple of soldiers in suits much like Sam’s flew alongside but Tony and Thor quickly took care of them while Steve, on a bike sped through, grabbing a soldier and dragging him along before throwing him into a couple of others then continued on through the woods jumping up over embankments and across the rough terrain, bouncing off soldiers as he went.
Hours dragged by as the Avengers waited in the waiting room for news on Tony. Two hours in they were joined by Clint, Natasha, and Sam.
“He’s fine,” Rogers grunted, getting to his feet, “Did you hit me?” he asked, rubbing his face again.
He’d never believed that new parents didn’t have time to shower, now he did. Three days went by in which he didn’t get out of his pyjamas, brush his hair, or do anything but try and sleep when Zach slept.
It was a delight for Steve to play with such healthy boys, the children of his youth had too often been skinny malnourished things, surviving on a slice of bread a day, or a bowl of thin soup, rarely getting to eat a proper meal as their parents couldn’t afford it. Steve could recall the painful hunger that would gripe his belly at times when his Mother just couldn’t afford to feed them properly, she’d do her best, working herself to the bone and often skipping meals herself to see that he ate, but Steve’s frequent need for medical care ate into the little money she did have making harder to provide for him.
“Okay.” Tony agreed, easily giving in to Steve, though it might have something to do with how the larger man was flush against his back and was kissing his neck…
“It’s just a fan club Sam,” Rogers said, “No matter what laws may have been bent to allow it, the only true coupling is between a man and a woman. God said so, nature says so. What these people do is wrong. Now I wouldn’t want to see them imprisoned for it, or put to death as they were centuries ago, but I will not agree with such repugnant and unnatural behaviours.”
Tony looked tiny and swamped by the hospital equipment that was covering his body, a rigid body brace was strapped to him from his shoulders down to his pelvis keeping his spine completely still, allowing the undamaged bones to heal and prevent further damage being done.
“I think, considering your injuries and the length of time you’ve been bed bound, punishment enough.” Tony said.
Steve was still riding high on the success of the date, when he walked into the kitchen, breathing in the familiar scent of blueberry pancakes and syrup that Zach had talked Tony into cooking for him.
Doctor Banner was nice enough, nervous as hell and really not comfortable on the Helicarrier, Steve actually felt sorry about leaving him behind as he and Natasha jetted off to Germany, where he went head on with the Nordic God of Mischief and Tricks himself.
The factory that Peter went to was built well away from most of the industrial parks and warehouse districts, sitting right out on the border between Queens and Nassau County. It occupied three square miles of land and had high fencing all the way around it with barbed wire over the top to keep out trespassers, not that many could get ten feet high to go over the top. Peter however was not most people and was able to hook his webbing over the barbed wire and swing himself up and over the fence, landing on the other side in an easy crouch.
“I’ve got to!” Tony cried his face screwed up in pain, he didn’t even protest as Bruce and May lay him down on his back and pushed his legs up and apart to see between his legs.
“Yeah but maybe you could start doing some stuff. Like maybe not taking on Aliens and Nazis but helping people out like you did MJ when Harry attacked her.” Ned suggested, “You could stop bullies from beating up kids, stop muggers from robbing old ladies and stuff like that.”
Held in his hands Tony jerked and yelped, “What the hell?” his feet scrabbled at the air and his hands reached up to grab at the landing pad,
Oh, good, Steve was talking again and Tony had been zoned out, his interest fixed on Steve’s torso and bulging muscles. Stupid Omega brain, stop thinking about knots and bites and focus!
The cry came from Rogers, while the rest of the team gaped at Steve, looking from him to Tony and the baby, then back to Steve in wonderment.
In the weeks following Zebediah Killgrave’s attack on Tony, enslaving his mind and forcing him to conquer the entire world, Tony had been a shell of himself, terrified that he was going to turn into a super-villain, become the evil dictator that Killgrave had made him into. He had thrown himself into work for SI, into his duties as Iron Man, locking himself in his lab when he wasn’t fighting with the Avengers, completely neglecting himself to the point that his health had began to suffer.
Happily he put on his boots and then sat down in a chair so Pepper’s hurriedly brought in stylist could comb and gel his hair into what she considered fashionable perfection.
Fuck, why did Steve have to be asking the tough questions tonight? Right when Tony’s brain didn’t seem to be firing on all cylinders.
“Of course I’m worried.” Tony said, “I’ve to face the UN again, if we don’t get their agreement then… well we’re fucked because our best defence against Thanos won’t happen,”
“Is a homosexual pairing, femslash is two females.” Tony grinned, “When we get home I’ll show you some of the fics that have started to be written about the team. Bruce and I seem to be one of the most popular pairings, we are Sciencehusbands according to the internet, where you and I are Superhusbands.”
It wouldn’t be anything too formal, teens didn’t ballroom dance at proms, but with some coaching Peter would be able to do more than just nod his head and shuffle about on the dance floor.
They had seen the news in an electronic shops window, a repeat of Stark’s interview had been playing and they had learned that he had been crippled by Pietro’s shooting of him.
“Zach.” Steve said, wincing as his head ached more, his mouth tasted disgusting and was horribly dry.
Ned was panicking, had been since the signal to both Peter and the Oscorp factory had been lost. MJ had tried to re-establish the connection, had tried to call Peter over and over, but there had been no success. The two of them had debated for five minutes before deciding to go to the Avengers and get help.
“Yes, and normally, since it is a first offence, that would be it, aside from trash picking duty for two weeks when he came back into school, and detention for two weeks during breaks.” The Principal said, “But, as the fight was with Mr Osborn’s son…” He trailed off and gave Tony a helpless look.
“A warrant for your arrest is pending a judges signature, I can stall them for maybe twelve hours, try to take less time.”
“Ooooh what time?” Clint asked jumping to his feet and glared at his crotch where several paint balls had struck, “Really Nat?” He asked, very thankful that he’d been wearing armour covering that area. Natasha shrugged and smirked back at him, until she saw the stick on darts that were stuck to both of her breasts, then she slapped him upside the head.
“It would have gone better than our first meeting, me drop kicking a psycho trickster and you me snarking at each other before getting into a bitch fight with Thor.”
It had taken years for his Tony to relax enough around him to let him see his tears. He had hated to feel vulnerable, to show weakness, hadn’t liked letting Steve see him in such moments as he felt he was letting him down somehow.
While the boys kept Thor entertained with stories of all that had happened since he left for Asguard, Tony got Darcy, Jane, and Eric settled into guest rooms, and then went down to his lab, patting the bots on their touch sensitive panels before slumping at a work bench with his head bowed.
“Wow, I wonder what he’s brought you.” Steve said, “We’d better go and wake everyone up so we can go and see.”
“What?” The billionaire feigned innocence. It didn’t work, “Look, I have voiced my concerns, I think we are risking our lives by staying here, so what kind of person would I be if I encouraged that kind of behaviour?”
Jane, Eric, and Darcy remained for several weeks, but then Eric was called away to work on a project in Switzerland and Jane was offered a position at NASA along with Darcy. Thor was saddened to see his friends and his lover depart but with the promise of a quinjet at his disposal to have them flown to New York, and his ability to fly himself to Washington he soon brightened up again.
"He'll be okay Tony." Steve said placing a hand on Tony's knee as the Billionaire ignored traffic lights and broke the speed limit, swerving around corners and narrowly avoiding hitting other traffic and pedestrians on the way to the hospital.
I should be dead. Bucky thought to himself. I should have died a long time ago. He remembered the fall, the certainty that he would die then, had braced himself for the pain of the impact which had been brief as unconsciousness had taken him, and then… then there was cold, more pain, confusion, cold and dark, pain, always pain, not knowing who he was or what he was, having to rely on what the handler was saying and believe it was Gods own truth. Pain if he didn’t comply, death when he did. So much death, so many killed, why not me?
Steve chuckled and pulled him into a hug, “Look on the bright side. If they do manage to shoot Nat she’ll kill Barton so you won’t have to worry about him being a bad influence anymore.”
The new duo of Ant Man and Wasp backed up by Hulk, tackled the Chitauri that attacked, leaving Thanos to Vision, Strange, Steve and Tony.
“If he goes on like this for another day they’ll have to sedate him and fit him with a feeding tube and an IV or he’ll become dehydrated and malnourished.” The Doctor sighed.
Deep down inside Tony had known even before the doctor had told him, he had just not let himself acknowledge the truth, hadn’t wanted to admit to himself that he couldn’t feel anything past his pelvis and not very much below his belly button.
“I’m afraid not, Cap.” Tony said, spinning on his stool so he was facing Steve, the holographs hovering behind him casting a blue glow over his head like an aura. Butterfingers, who was besides him nudged Tony’s shoulder with his claw and beeped, so Tony nudged the Bot back with his knee.
“We were attacked too.” Steve said, “By the Winter Soldier.” It still made his stomach clench when he thought of Bucky like that, “We only just managed to escape with our lives.”
"Did you get that? Okay, thanks Natasha, we'll let you know when we hear anything." Steve disconnected and sank back in his seat. "She and Bruce are going to pick Zach up and take him for ice cream. Bruce thinks keeping him distracted will be a good idea." Tony nodded pressed his lips into a thin line. "They've called Pepper and she and Happy are flying in from Malibu. A message has been left for Rhodey but he's on some training exercise and won't be back for another three day so it might be a while before he hears what's going on."
“I’ll take someone’s freakin’ head off in a moment is what I’ll take!” Tony bellowed slamming his fist on the table. The action caused his wrist to ache but he ignored the pain in favour of glaring at the officers before him, “You cannot honestly be serious about this.”
Bruce chuckled, “I may not be an expert on dating but I can tell when two people like each other and you and Tony have been making eyes at each other for weeks. The two of you should go out together, on a date.”
“We will.” Peter promised getting out of his T-shirt and shorts while Steve helped Zach do the same.
He also thanked the door man as they went into the hotel and through to the reception room where the gala was being held.
“Have him get some noise cancelling headphones ready too.” Tony said, glancing in the rear view at Peter pressed against Steve’s stomach, “And do a complete venting of the air in the lab, make sure it's all fresh and there is nothing to add to Peter’s discomfort. Have Bruce use cotton sheets for the bed, I don’t care if they get stained, and his softest pyjamas too.”
“Get uncertain.” Steve finished for him with a reassuring smile, “Especially since you like MJ as more than a friend perhaps?” Peter’s face flushed crimson.
Tony anger rose as Steve used his height and bulk to tower over him, “I’m starting to want you to make me. I’m not the kind of Omega who falls to their knees the second an Alpha starts throwing his weight around” He’d had too many years of that with Stane to go through it again.
He was actually thankful when Tony took them to Burger King rather than dining in the hotel restaurant or ordering food service and he enjoyed the walk back to the hotel getting to take in some of the sights before they went back up to the room to waste some time watching a movie on the TV and eating Popcorn before they went down to the car to drive to the meeting point.
“We’ll get back to you.” Steve said, they needed to talk about this in private and figure out what was best before they made any solid decisions regarding the wedding.
“Fank you, Mamma.” Zach chirruped, scrambling after the kittens as they bounded off the sofa to continue going about their business of attacking everything they encountered which just so happened to be Steve as he joined them from his own floor after settling back in.
“Hush baby, it’s okay.” Tony said looking around for something to bind Peter’s chest, he tore open draws and cabinets until he found bandages and swiftly set about winding them around Peter’s torso, “Try and hold your arms up baby.” He encouraged moving as fast as he could. He winced every time Peter moaned in pain, the poor boy was in agony and losing blood at a frankly terrifying rate.
“I jarred it when we went through the window.” Tony said, “Probably knocked the bone out of alinement again,” he looked to Maria, “Can you set it?” He asked her, Maria frowned.
“But he’s right.” Tony said a single tear rolling down his cheek, “Who am I to lecture him on responsibility and respect, when I behave the way I do?” He let out a harsh breath, “This is why I was never going to have children, because I knew I’d be crap at being a Mother.”
He changed Zach out of his damp clothing and into an oversized t-shirt that belonged to Bruce and lay Zach down on one of the bunks. He swiftly changed out of his suit and into a clean pair of sweats and a t-shirt settling in besides Zach and held the little boy to his chest letting him sleep while the hours dragged on for himself.
“You won’t be. Look at Bruce. At first he thought he would never be able to be around people, that he was too dangerous, but look at him now.” Tony said confidently, “Hulk works with us, he’s dangerous but only to those who are threatening others, he hasn’t randomly gone berserk.”
Steve picked up a gun from one of the dead soldiers and continued on through the building, shooting any soldier he came across, he wasn’t going to be merciful today, they had his Tony and their baby, they were all going to burn for it.
“And then you will give yourself to me, declaring undying love and passion and we will be married before the talking animals and have lots of babies and live happily ever after.” Steve said.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, frowning as Clint laughed at the infant’s antics, how she reached for her feet, seemingly fascinated by them.
“Clint and Nat are on their way, Sam too.” Bruce said, “They saw the news and are already flying back to New York. I’ve called the police they should be here soon.” He scratched the back of his head, “What happened?”
Tony was thrown across the ground landing on his front with the air knocked out of him and metal, glass, and brick raining down on his body adding to his bruises. For several moments he just lay there panting and letting his hearing return before he struggled to his feet only to have a burning hand wrap about the back of his neck and he was being lifted up and thrown down onto the ground.
What was not released to the public, was the consequences of the bite on Peter’s body. Tony and Steve chose to keep these consequences private due to Peter’s age, they wanted to protect him from public scrutiny, however, circumstances have changed, and they are responding to that change by revealing what has happened to Peter.
There were very few people that were just happy that Peter hadn’t ended up in the system and was being raised in a happy household, which was partly why Peter’s group of friends was small.
“Sounds good to me.” Tony agree, linking his arm through Steve’s “It’s a lovely night, what better way to spend it than with a handsome soldier?”
Tony looked up at him and grinned, “I think you’ll get the hang of it, I think we both will, won’t we Morgan?” He asked looking back down at her, “We’ll figure it out as we go won’t we?”
With Steve opening up about his own childhood, Tony began to speak about his, slowly at first, only sticking to the good parts, the times he’d shared with Ana and Jarvis, meeting Rhodey in college, the things they had gotten up to. Then as the weeks passed, he began to reveal the extent of Howard’s abuse, his distant Mother, suffering from untreated PND, and having been broken down by Howards neglect and alcoholism, he even eventually spoke of Ty Stone, how the bastard had raped him when he’d been drunk and drugged off his face. How that had ruined sex for him, how he’d never had another Alpha until Obie.
Only one of his ovaries was functional and even that was dodgy as it had cysts upon it and was scarred, the other one wasn’t working at all, his fallopian tubes were scarred and damaged, even his womb was in poor shape.
“I yelled at Captain America! I gave Captain America a dressing down in public! Everyone is going to hate me!”
“It won’t hurt to try.” Steve said, “At the very least we can work up an appetite for some greasy fast food.”
Tony sniffed and turned his head to look at Steve his eyes dark and swimming in anguish, "I can't loose him."
Peter buried his face into Tony’s neck, breathing in his familiar and relaxing scent while he let himself cry. He felt the bed dip as Steve sat upon it and wrapped his arms about him from behind adding to the hug.
“Unless anyone is hiding under your desk sir, then yes.” Clint replied looking under the desk, “Nope, no mole people.” Natasha slapped him upside the head.
Once the three of them reached the agents they acted. Tony elbowed his agent in the gut with his good arm, grabbed the side arm as he doubled over and smashed it across the back of the agents head knocking him outcold.
Tony held out a hand to him and Steve took it, climbing onto the bed and settled down at Tony’s side relaxing as Tony began to stroke his hair. “It’s nothing to be ashamed of you know, having triggers. Its no wonder that you do have issues with the snow and ice, not after what you’ve been through, and you don’t have to suffer alone. You can talk to me about anything.”
Thankfully Zach hadn’t walked in on them doing anything “Adult” yet, but they both knew it was only a matter of time and were dreading that happening.
Years of military experience had Rhodey ducking and dodging out of the way, taking refuge behind a parked car. He silently cursed as his trousers tore at the knees and the gravel ripped into his flesh as they took the brunt of the fall as he was not able to use his hands which were keeping Lily pressed against his chest.
As always he and Ned waited until Ned’s parents had gone to bed, then Peter snuck out of Ned’s window and took off across the city. He’d become used to using his web fluid to swing himself across the city, at first it had been daunting, being so high up and relying on the webbing to keep him from splattering across the pavement, but he had quickly gotten the hang of it and now found it fun to swing from roof top to roof top.
Gasping in pain Curien forced himself across the street and into an alley, stumbling as he went but made himself keep on going until he reached opposite street.
Tony stumbled back through to the bedroom and threw himself down onto the bed face first, grabbing a fist full of the duvet and pulled it over himself, covering his head and upper body, “Unless there’s an apocalypse don’t wake me.” He grunted, “In fact, even if there is, don’t wake, I don’t care, I wanna sleep until I’m not so messed up anymore.”
Grinning Peter gave him a thumbs up. He looked around the lab which was darkened for his benefit, he also had a pair of Tony’s aviator sunglasses on to help. He spotted Tony and Bruce over at one of the work stations hunched over something and talking animatedly.
The words flitted through the assets mind making him frown harder. There was something there, something lingering just beyond his grasp, something to do with the Captain and this Bucky. He just had to figure out what it was.
“Mom’s at the diner, Dad went to get scratchers.” The boy shrugged, “I guess he won because that was like six years ago.”
Normally when Zach awoke at barely dawn Jarvis would distract him with word games, Dr Who episodes, and Peter, who also awoke earlier than Tony.
“You don’t know shit about by world, or about what I have lost.” Steve roared, “I was prepared to die there, but then Lily would have died too. The daughter that Tony loved above anything, whom he would have wanted to live. So I left to ensure that she would live.”
Hearing Zach call him Daddy was still something of a shock to Steve. While he could easily think of Zach as a Son he had never expected for Zach to think of him as a Father.
Tony froze up as soon as he hit the water, his mind, his body, everything stopped working as he sank down into the depths of the water.
“I did my best.” Tony tried to say, but he couldn’t do it, couldn’t get the words out. His feet carried him over the scorched ground to a deep crater, he stood on the edge looking down into the void that stretched out below him, a vast gauge in the earth, all the way down to the core. He could smell the sulphur, could feel the heat of the magma on his skin, could see the earths molten core way, way beneath him.
Killian however ignored them as he activated the nodes. The room froze and Tony went rigid in horror as Zach was displayed, strapped to a gurney, his tiny body writhing in pain as something burning hot surged beneath his skin.  Maya gulped and averted her gaze, unable to bear the sight of a child in so much pain.
“Yes, Tony and I were married, and I will thank you not to cast judgement on that which you know nothing of. It is rather disrespectful if not rude.”
“Uh-huh we learning ‘bout Wowmans, them had shields like Daddy, only them not round but like a door shape.” Zach said, pronouncing Romans with a W as he occasionally did when he was excited and talking too fast.
“It only said that it was a Skrull, nothing else.” Rhodey said wishing he could go into the cell and take the creature by the throat and start beating the truth out of it.
“Seven Bird-brain, every one is welcome to the lab to see Mt Stark erupt.” Tony declared, “The film crew too.”
“We have Peter.” Tony said, wiping Peter’s face, “You are upset, that means we did something wrong and we need to make sure that this doesn’t happen again.”
“So may but hopefully this will help.” Tony said, “Besides,” He nodded towards Harley, “He’s had so many friendship requests on Facebook already I think he’ll have his own army to protect him from here on out.”
“That ain’t what my Stomachs saying!” Clint grumbled and Steve could agree with him, hoping that the main course was more filling.
“I’m sorry Stellina.” He whispered to Zach as he cradled him to his chest, “I wanted to be there for you, to see you grow up into an Man. I wanted to be the Mother, my own never was.” A few tears gathered on Tony’s lashes but he refused to cry, “It won’t be easy for you, growing up without me, without your Father, although he wouldn’t have been much of a Father so I don’t think you are missing anything as far as that Asshat is concerned.
Natasha delivered a chop to her agents wind pipe, snatched his knives from their sheeths and with a whirl of her arms, slashed his throat, spun around and threw the knives with deadly accuracy, hitting and killing to of the agents behind them.
Suddenly Hulk let out a roar either of distress or anger, either way it worked, as suddenly Tony’s eyes flew open and coughed and panted, “What the hell, please tell me nobody kissed me!”
Natasha cleared her throat, “As fascinating as this is, I think we should get back on topic. Stark says he can design a program that will go through Shield’s files, encrypt the ones that need protecting and upload the Hydra files to the internet.”
Sadly that was true, Steve was hopeless, maybe everyone was hopeless when it came to telling the person they liked that they liked them as more than a friend.
They made their way back through the dirt track they had taken from the landing strip, this time getting to enjoy the jungle around them, with Bruce pointing out various plants and stopping to examine them, while also pointing out the exotic birds that were nesting in the trees.
“I don’t need rest.” Steve said, “I can go for days without any and I’m not letting you go through this alone.”
“Good.” MJ said, she glanced over her shoulder to make sure her parents and no one else was watching and gave Peter a quick hug, “I’m glad you’re alright Dork.” She said looking uncomfortable at the contact and the sensitivity.
“The computer I can provide you with, the pliers, wire cutters and strippers and the tweezers are no problem, but I can’t give you anything for welding.”
“Most things are.” Natasha replied, “I’ve managed to get some information from Shield, not much because I couldn’t stay in the servers for long without them tracking my IP, but from what I gather, Sitwell has taken command, backed by Alexander Pierce.”
Of course in Rogers childhood it was common practise for a child to be whipped with a cane, both by their parents and their teachers at school, it was only in recent years that such things had changed and been seen as abuse.
NO, NO, NO, Tony was silently begging his baby to hold on, to stay inside for just a little bit longer, but when the next contraction came he felt an overwhelming urge to push. Crying out Tony bore down on the next contraction, unable to fight his bodies natural instinct to deliver the baby. The pain was unbearable, he felt like he was being torn apart, like his flesh was going to be split open as a pressure built up in his pelvis, a heavy pressure that just grew worse and… Oh God! He could feel it, he could feel something emerging, a form sliding out of his body!
Both Natasha and Steve looked up as Bruce joined them, looking tired and glum, “He’s still refusing food, won’t let the Doctor’s near him, and if his leg was strong enough to manage it, he would have already walked out of the infirmary.” He was talking of Tony of course.
Ignoring them, Tony made his way across the room to the opposite door, finding his way into the lockers and changing rooms.
“Who is so beautiful? Who is the most beautiful girl in all the world?” Tony asked, leaning down to bump his nose against Lily’s
Finally there was just one present left which was addressed to Tony from Steve. Frowning in bemusement Tony pulled off the wrapping paper and gasped at the portrait which Steve had spent months working on.
There were times, glimpses of mostly forgotten shadows of memories, like images of dreams, of a time before Hydra, before the ice, before all of this. If the asset concentrated then he would get glimpses of a diverse group of men in old fashioned military uniforms. He’d remember the sound of laughter, of voices, he’d even see filthy streets in some smog filled city where vintage cars rolled down the road and two children played.
“Whoohoo baby, you are so turning me on!” Tony whopped over the coms. “Damn I want you riding my ass like your are riding that bike tonight!”
“I had hoped that your team mates might have shown their faces.” Fury said, taking his seat with Hill at his side, “Stark, Rogers at least.”
“Get him something.” Fury said to Sharon who looked like she was about to protest but as Fury glared she went to do as she was told with only a little muttering under her breath.
Tony was clearly beyond exhaustion, was only staying on his feet through sheer defiant will at this point, he needed rest, he needed taking care of.
The table cloths on the tables were delicately pin striped in the rainbow colours, and the napkins were in different shades of the rainbow. Rainbow banners were pinned along the walls and bouquets of flowers in the corners of the room, the blooms an ensemble of the shades of the rainbow.
“We’ll get Hydra dealt with, find Bucky, and while doing so, we’ll get a full defence built. We’ll look for other people like us, with abilities and the desire to use them to help and protect people. Your friend, Colonel Rhodes can help, he can get the military on board, maybe we can get more of those jet things that Natasha was flying back in the battle.”
He gave Steve a reassuring smile, “You’re safe here, and you and Lily are more than welcome in the tower,” Lily cooed her happiness at this and stretched out her hands towards Tony, squirming in Steve’s arms, wanting to go to the man she felt was her other Father.
“People who are scared of things they don’t understand and are too ignorant to want to learn.” Steve explained to Thor.
“Captain America, the first Avenger.” Bruce said, “And its not about what you are, its about how you feel, and you have feelings for him, as he does for you. His children adore you, and from what I’ve seen you are smitten with them.” Steve’s cheeks pinked up but he nodded, he was smitten with Zach and Peter, who wouldn’t be? They were perfect. “So, I think the two of you should give it a go.”
“You won’t.” Tony assured him, getting down on his knees and spreading his arms wide, Zach hesitated then ran into his arms burying his face in Tony’s chest. “It’ll be okay sweetheart I’ll fix this.” Tony promised him holding him tight, “You’re safe now, and you’re a hero.”
Now the sunlight was streaming in through the crack between the curtains and Zach awoke with his usual enthusiasm.
“Yeah I’ve got Rug rat duty all covered.” Rhodey said bouncing Zach on his hip, “What do you, little man, wanna play Time Lords while Pete and Thor are playing video games?”
Thor had a tendency to get carried away when he was retelling his past battles and his team mates bodies were often used as props during his epic tails.
Fury looked at Natasha and she explained that it had been the Winter Soldier AKA Bucky Barnes who’d attacked him and Tony.
Thankfully Pete had never had to use it and hopefully it would remain unused, but Tony wasn’t taking any chances with his safety or with Zach’s. At three and nearly four Zach was too young to handle to responsibility of carrying an alarm on his person all the time, and Tony didn’t want to scare him into thinking he wasn’t safe. He’d learn the dangers of the world soon enough without Tony having to take his innocence away from him any sooner.
“No, but it is to control.” Steve said, setting the designs back onto Fury’s desk, “That was Hydra’s ultimate goal. Global control, and with project Insight at their disposal they would be able to achieve it.” He glanced at Tony who nodded slowly.
The three now rogue Avengers had flown as far as Portugal before setting down and taking a rest. Steve and Natasha had taken it in turns flying the jet. Wanda wasn’t capable of handling the aircraft and so had little to do but bring them coffee and snacks along the way and check the news updates.
Zach sniffled, lowering his cuddly toy from his face and looked at Tony, “My Daddy was bad.” He whimpered, “Hurted you.”
Tony groaned in dismay when Zach jumped on him and began to yell in his ear, Steve chuckled at the little boys excitement.
“No you dork, I mean really Likes you.” Peter said rolling his eyes at Steve, “You should ask him out.”
Steve hoped she did, he hated to see Zach upset; he was far to young to be dealing with such matters, hell! No one should have to learn that their Father was a murderer, but at Zach’s age it just made it even harder, because while he was very intelligent for his age, he wasn’t anywhere near emotionally developed enough to deal with this.
“I’ll have you roasted if you carry on,” Pepper growled, Tony mimed zipping his lips, looking like a misbehaving five year old.
Steve lay very still trying to figure out what to do for the best, perhaps he should just lay very still and think horrible thoughts, like Red Skull in a tutu, Hulk with gastric flu, His old Drill Sergeant screeching his lungs out at dawn.
Clint’s chilli did actually impress everyone. It was the only thing he could cook other than charcoaling meat on a BBQ, but it was certainly a dish worthy of culinary praise. Spicy by not too hot, enough to catch the back of the throat while still mild enough for the appreciation of the flavours.
Natasha was of course the best at skating, her poise and grace which she had learned from ballet made her able to glide over the ice practically effortlessly, Bruce and Clint alternated between supporting each-other and helping each-other back up when they fell, Steve had never skated before so he ended up on his backside several times much to the amusement of Zach and Peter. He’d been concerned at first that being on the ice might trigger another panic attack, but he found himself enjoying his time there, eventually finding his balance and was able to make several turns around the ice.
Flustered and fumbling, the Principal rose and went to Tony asking if he was alright and if he needed anything.
“Under duress,” Steve stressed, reaching over the counter and taking Tony’s hands into his own and held them tight, “You are no more responsible for this than Clint is for his actions when Loki was controlling him.”
“His think tank thought it up.” Trevor elaborated, getting up from the chair when Natasha released his collar, the idiot went to a filthy dresser and got a couple of beers while babbling about his stunning performance bringing the Mandarin to life, seemingly not understanding how serious his crimes actually were.
“Mamma, Zach wants to take the Tardis to the beach and won’t believe me when I say he can’t.” Peter yelled interrupting the argument between Tony and Jarvis. Groaning Tony headed for Zach’s bedroom to explain why Zach couldn’t take his beloved Tardis, and then why they couldn’t take Gingerbread and Espresso, who would be fed by an automated system ran by Jarvis, their litter trays emptied the same way, and they would be visited each day by Pepper so they wouldn’t get lonely.
“He did.” Steve agreed, “Thankfully Killian was defeated, and Tony was able to complete the serum and stabilize it in Zach, saving his life.”
The tears were back and this time Tony didn’t try to hold them in, he stretched his arms out and Steve carefully pulled him into a hug, “God I love you so much.” Tony said into Steve’s chest, “I don’t know how I managed to get through life without you before, but I know I never want to be without you now.”
“Okay we’ll go home.” Tony said adjusting his weight, he gave Steve an understanding smile, but Steve still felt like he had a lead weight in his stomach and hated that he had been the cause of Zach becoming upset, that he’d ruined this day for him.
Natasha contact them a few days after camp Leheigh to tell them that Fury was beginning a quiet investigation inside Shield, She also forwarded all the information Shield had on the Winter Soldier to Tony, who in return sent Fury an algorithm to help look through Shield’s Database and search out inconsistencies.
“As are most things.” Curien murmured. Everything was about perception after all, some would say what he’d done was abhorrent and horrific, where others would see it as pioneering and futuristic. Honestly, how did people think that mankind was going to take the next step in evolution, by waiting around for another billion years and risk being killed off by another ELE? Hardly, not when they had the technology available to have the human race making those steps in the next ten years. Norman and those like him were only looking at creating soldiers to fight their wars and create a world that “They” wanted to rule over. Curien was looking further than that, he was looking at unlocking all the secrets in the human genetic code, in having humans able to use more than the standard five to ten percent of their brains capacity, to wiping out all disease and deformity, to creating a perfect race.
“The hell I’ll regret it.” Tony yelled, trying to break out of Vision’s grip, “God damnit, let me go!”
(Protective and supportive, Rhodey.) (Astounding, and amazing, Pepper.) Tony soon found his footing again as he realized that as far as they were concerned, nothing had changed, he was still Tony Stark.
Peter gave Bruce a tight lipped smile, his expression darkening as Clint came closer to him, “Why did you do that?” He screamed at Clint running at him, his hands balled into fists which he beat against Clint’s chest. The blows were weak, barely enough to knock Clint back half a step. But the rage was so uncharacteristic for Peter, that it knocked the wind out of Clint, that with the guilt he was already feeling, had him falling to his knees before the enraged boy.
“Yes, but you’ve been scientifically cheating on me with Dr Banner, schmoozing and handling equipment!”
“I know.” Peter whispered, he sniffed and felt his chest twinge, glancing down he shuddered when he saw the bandages, he’d hoped the vivisection had been a nightmare.
But there was something, something he couldn’t ignore, when at the last moment, the blonde had told him, “To the end of the line.” Had stopped fighting him, accepting whatever the Asset was going to do, it had triggered something in the asset that had him saving the blonde, getting them both to the shore and making certain that the blonde was breathing before he departed.
Breaking out of the momentary trance, Tony took Lily from Steve, letting her wrap her arms about his neck and nuzzle into him with a contented chirrup.
“Lemme clear you guys a path inside.” Rhodey called to Steve and Natasha, bringing War Machine down and fired off a missile which blasted a huge hole in the side of the building, creating a door for them to get inside.
Steve balanced Lily in his arms, sitting at the conference room table, before the Avengers team, with Tony by his side.
Tony had been to many meetings in his life. He’d even stood up in the Senate and mouthed off to a Senator without breaking a sweat. But right now he was sweating. Right now he was terrified.
Steve didn’t say anything, he couldn’t say or do anything, not until Tony suddenly gave a wet cough, his eyes flying open as his body spasmed with the coughing fit.
It was slow going, it took a long time to sand down the logs enough to get them flat on one side and then it took Tony a while get them securely bound.
“Chickenpox, that’s all?” Tony asked incredulous. He’d forgotten that Peter had said that several of his classmates younger siblings had gone down with chickenpox after there had been an outbreak at the pre-school, the majority of the kids that were Peter’s age had already had it, Peter included, but it seemed that he had passed the bug onto Zach who was now suffering the childhood illness.
“Tony!” Steve protested, “Not on the coms.” He was grinning though even as his cheeks flamed., He served to avoid a tank whose occupants Thor was taking care of, Hulk caught the tank like it was a toy car and threw it just as easily roaring with delight and bounded after Steve as he turned sharply heading for the castle with Clint and Natasha hot on his heel, however a barrier blocked the jeep forcing Clint and Natasha to leap out and take their fighting back to the ground, while Steve was able to jump over it and stay on his bike, grinning as Tony sped past him in a blur of crimson and gold.
Feeling dizzy and sick Peter reached onto the nightstand and grabbed his phone, logging in and calling the Tower.
He wanted to scream, to beat his fists into a wall, to rage at the world and any God that might be listening at the unfairness of this. He wanted to break down into tears and sob against Tony’s sleeping body, to admit how scared he was and that he had no idea what the future now held for them.
“Great.” Steve replied, “Fury called while we were on our way back, he wants me and Tony to go to DC.”
“Right. Wait, what?” Tony sat up and looked down at Steve, “Are you still playing now or is this something we should be talking about?”
“No.” Tony said, “I’m done being a slave to my past. I’m going in.” He paused as he dipped his legs into the water, “Just…don’t…”
“We weren’t putting him in danger.” Ned sobbed, giving up on holding back his tears, his lips wobbled as he looked up and took all of Clint’s strength not to pull the kid into an embrace; all of his parenting instincts were screaming at him to comfort the crying boy, but he knew that both Ned and MJ needed to hear this, needed to learn a harsh lesson so something like this never happened again.
“But how?” Rumlow asked, “He’s had contact with no one but Shield personnel and random idiots in the streets, most of whom he avoided like the plague. He’s been under constant surveillance since he woke up, any and all communication monitored, there is no way he could have gained that knowledge.”
“What are you doing here, where’s your Daddy?” Tony asked, handing the tablet to Jarvis so Zach could climb onto the bed and lay down besides him.
This did get the attention of both Avengers as Curien knew it would. “I haven’t proof of their collusion, but do you honestly think Norman Osborn, a man who trusted Justin Hammer to provide him with security for an illegal laboratory is smart enough to have thought up all of this?”
“Can we please stop talking about dicks?” Peter asked. The conversation was too much like dinner at home. Zach was starting human development at school and was very out spoken about it over the dinner table.
“Yeah, Deadpool would probably enjoy it!”  Tony said, swiftly losing himself in the science and not surfacing until Steve came to get him for Lily’s bath time and dinner.
Multi-tasking. He had a fucking Doctorate in that, which he loudly declared to everyone and pointed at Fury with his most obnoxious grin and demanded that he be gotten a double strength latte with caramel syrup, a pesto and mozzarella panini, and a triple chocolate muffin.
“Then we have the makings of a plan….” Steve trailed off as three men in black combat suits marched through the doors at the end of the hall, he glanced over his shoulder and saw three more there, “Looks like we’ve got company.”
Standing before the physical perfection that was Steve Rogers would have made anyone feel intimidated and insecure about their physique, but with the added issues of his arc reactor, scars, and loss of perfect muscle tone, Tony felt very inferior. He also wasn’t overly happy about Sam, a stranger seeing him like this either. The Sergeant may not be the squeamish type but he had looked shocked when he’d seen the reactor before hiding the reaction under concern over the injuries Tony and Steve bore.
He made sure to get out the hand sanitiser and grabbed Zach as the little boy reappeared, making sure he washed his hands clean.
After what seemed like an eternity, Tony was finally released from the hospital and free from the confines of the back brace two things worth celebrating, which he and the others would be doing as soon as he got back to New York.
“Are you sure you are up for this?” Steve asked as he got out of the car with Tony at the compound, Tony looked terrible, his face ashen and his coat hanging off him as he trudged along with Steve,
“Uh…” Steve stared at Zach and looked to Tony who was pinching the bridge of his nose, Peter on the other hand was laughing into his orange juice.
“It won’t be easy.” Tony said to Steve, “You’ll have to be willing to compromise, show remorse for your actions and I can’t guarantee there won’t be jail time.”
“Okay, great! I’ll make the arrangements for Zach and Pete, and I’ll stock up on snacks and water for us.” While in heat Tony wouldn’t eat, but Steve would as he would be exerting a lot of energy during the heat. Omega’s relied on body fat for energy and would sleep between sessions to conserve energy; then, when the heat ended, they would feast to replace the spent energy.
Still, needs must and if he had to suffer a permanent or, longer case of early pregnancy symptoms in order to get pregnant then so be it.
Naturally there were some takers, and several articles were printed about how this person or that person had seen Steve and Tony together when collecting or dropping off Peter, how Peter seemed to be developing too much of an attachment to Steve, which they assumed was only to be expected when the only guardian he’d had since his Uncle and Aunts death, was Tony Stark.
Another thing that slowed them down on going to see Harley and his family was the discovery that the Sceptre, which had been secured in Tony’s vault, had gone missing along with some arc reactor prototypes.
“You are going to turn into a blueberry.” Tony said spinning Zach around on the stool and lifting him up into his arms getting a maple syrup covered kiss on his cheek.
Zach’s tiny body slammed into Killian, his burning hands wrapping around the madmans neck burning into his flesh as Zach poured all of his rage and hatred into his attack.
The downside of the serum was that Steve didn’t need more than about four hours of sleep a night no matter how tired he became during the day, so he awoke early, or early considering how late it was he went to bed, and for a moment didn’t remember where he was. The high ceiling, the flocked wallpaper, and the large four poster bed were not what he was expecting to see when he opened his eyes and were certainly not a part of his Brooklyn apartment.
Peter nodded and chewed on his bottom lip consideringly, “I think it will.” He said at length, “I hope it will. Being back with Ned and MJ will make me happy, its how everyone will react to me that I’m not sure about.”
He’d been in the process of trying to cheer Wanda up. In the three months that had past since Ultron, the Sokovian girl had been struggling with her grief for the loss of her brother, something that all of the team were trying to help her with, well, the new team, Steve and Natasha, since the rest of the founding members were gone.
As they came to the last peak Zach was starting to tire so Steve gave his backpack to Tony to carry while he took Zach on his shoulders, the little boy hardly weighed a thing to Steve and he sat still, didn’t kick his legs or squirm about, just became a warm weight over Steve’s shoulders and against the back of his head.
“Healthy.” The Doctor said, “We didn’t know you were pregnant until we had you in medical, and considering your relationship with Captain America, well, it was imperative that the child reach term, so I placed you into a sleep state for the duration of the pregnancy. It has progressed without complication, the foetus is perfect, the serum hasn’t had any adverse affects but the foetus will probably have the abilities of a super soldier as it develops.”
“Zach run!” Tony yelled at his Son firing the repulsors at Killian to slow him down, “Jarvis get the rest of the suit here now!” firing the repulsor had sent Tony skidding across the floor so he caught up with Zach who clung to his thigh.
Little Banshee, when she’d had bad bouts of colic! Though Steve couldn’t blame him, God knows Lily had a very healthy set of lungs on her that she put to damn good use.
Slowly, so he didn’t send Zach into shock, he lowered them both down into the water until they were immersed to their necks and held Zach there, ignoring the bubbling boiling water that eventually began to simmer and cool as Zach calmed down.
At dinner he was given his favourite dinner which was macaroni cheese, with extra bacon, and had a slice of his birthday cake, a Dr Who themed birthday cake of course and blew out the candles as everyone sang happy birthday to him.
Red and Blue had been the colours chosen for Spiderman by Zach “Because they are Mamma and Daddy’s colours of course.”
Armed with several water bottles, a packed lunch, snacks, insect repellent, sun screen, a compass, a map of the area, and two fully charged mobile phones, the family set off on the hike through the woods and up into the hills.
Strangely enough it was Zach’s screams of horror as his back erupted into flames that kept Tony from giving into panicking. Feeling rather like he was having an out of body experience, Tony got down to one knee and set Zach down on the ground urging him away before he saw to his own health and rolled over onto his back smothering out the flames and cringing as his raw skin stung and ached.
"There is a que." The receptionist said dismissively and Tony nearly launched himself over the desk at her. But thankfully Steve caught him about the waist and held him still.
“I didn’t mean to.” Clint said, “I thought it would be funny, a joke. I didn’t know it would hurt him.”
“We should be able to walk right around the mountains and come down the other side of the woods, then we can circle back to camp in time for dinner.” Steve said checking the map, the mountain fed into each-other with only shallow dips between their peaks so once they reached the first summit they would be walking a fairly even trail.
Steve cringed but was saved from speaking when another socialite joined them, a younger woman, but still middle aged and heavily botoxed, so much so that she could hardly move her face at all.
Three months, he had to be on this stuff for three months, and then when his heat came he had an increased chance of conceiving.
“Indeed, as per Sir’s emergency protocols the ULTRON Project was initiated.” Jarvis said, he hovered up slightly higher then got onto leg hooked through the window followed by the other and slide his upper half through and landed on the floor.
Leaving Zach and Peter with Steve Tony headed to Malibu to see how Happy was doing, when he left the hospital he was cornered by the press and in a fit of temper challenged the Mandarin to face him, giving out his address and telling the man he’d leave the door open.
The Portal sputtered and flared for a moment, then faded away leaving the figure standing in Tony’s lab.
The press were just as bad, swarming like wasps, wanting interviews, soundbites, photos, anything that they could print. Steve and he had to fight their way through them everytime they went to get food or go home.
“Let’s not go out to a restaurant tonight, let’s just order room service and watch some crappy movie on pay per view, okay?” Tony asked as they headed for the car,
Tony shook his head, tears rolling his cheeks, “I didn’t,” he sobbed, “I was dreaming, and I saw the end of the world,”
Tony was wearing a suit, which he’d teamed up with a pair of bright red trainers. He had a thing for wearing trainers instead of proper shoes, something that irked Pepper apparently, especially when she had to wrestle him out of the trainers and force him into dress shoes for galas and other black tie events.
Shaking his head he firmly pushed that thought away and took off his t-shirt, leaving on his vest and crawled back out of the tent.
Tony stretched languidly and felt his spine pop and some remaining tension ease out of it. Rolling onto his front he lay over Steve’s chest and grinned up at the sleepy and sex sated super-soldier.
Snickering at Steve’s slip, Tony headed into the castle which was mostly deserted, the scientists having fled and the soldiers either guarding their way or fighting the team.
“I have disabled the door locks, Captain.” Friday said over the coms “Aside from the soldiers you will not meet resistance.”
He did an Expo, the first since Howard’s in the seventies, opening it in the suit now he had lost enough baby weight to wear it again.
“I was always going down with infections and illnesses.” He went on, “Everything from colds to stomach upsets to chest infections and the like.”
“I know I am buddy.” Clint said, “I didn’t mean to hurt your Mamma, and I’ll make it up to him, “I promise.”
“You do, right here.” Tony said pointing to the end of Zach’s nose, “Here too, and here and here,” He tickled Zach’s sides until the boy was a squirming and giggling mess sprawled across his lap.
“Hmm, I wouldn’t have thought you’d have it in you to be any good with children,” Natasha said, eyeing the pair.
“Why are you here anyway, shouldn’t you be in the children’s ward with Thor and Sam?” Tony asked, turning his head to the left so Natasha could contour his cheek and jaw.
“Tony was not responsible for your family’s deaths.” He said to Wanda, “It may have been a bomb with his surname on it, but he didn’t fire it, and many of his weapons were stolen and sold on the black market, which is likely how they came to be used in your countries Civil War. The only person responsible for your parents dying is the person who fired that bomb and that person is not Tony Stark.”
“Obviously this has been a great shock.” Tony said, “But I have my family around me to support me and I will be starting rehab as soon as I am allowed out of this bed.”
“No, Morgan Hannah works better.” Steve said, he unfolded one of his arms from behind his head and reached down to play with Tony’s hair, “How about you, which do you want, a boy or a girl?”
One week after Peter’s suspension, Himself, Steve, Peter, Harry, and Norman were gathered at the school with the Principal and several members of the school board to discuss the fight and Norman’s demands for Peter to be permanently excluded from the school.
"Your loss, I look good in tights and a skirt!" This came from Clint who sounded more than a little drunk, there was also the sound of something smashing and a yhump of something heavy hitting the ground that had Tony cringing not wanting to think what it might be. He quickly made his farewells and hung up, turning his attention to the gloriously naked Supersoldier in he hotel bed. A far better thing to focus his mind on that what his crazy team mates were doing.
Sam would be next, his body beaten so hard into the ground he was practically flattened, but still reaching out for Rhodey, who’s crumpled body lay close by, the armour crushed inwards piercing his flesh and crushing his body beneath its weight.
Steve was getting a lot of attention from the Omegas and female Betas despite everyone knowing that he and Tony were a couple. He didn’t give any sign of even noticing the flirtation though, his focus was on Tony, whom he never let out of his sight and never more than two metres away from his side.
What Peter was presented with was a garishly coloured multilegged spider with his head on top that Zach proudly declared was Spideyman!
“He’s thinking of seeing you in a speedo!” Clint snickered and was promptly slapped upside the head by Natasha. “God Woman, why are you mean?”
Tony snuggled into Steve’s broad chest, “You do Cap.” He said, kissing Steve’s jaw, then a brainwave hit him, “We can set you up with your own social media accounts.”
“That isn’t happening.” He said taking Peter’s hands, “You aren’t going into any state home, or foster care or anything, you are coming home with me.”
“You seem to be having some problems, Mr Stark.” Fury said, standing by the windows to take in the view.
Had Zach been older, then Steve might have considered it, but at his it would just be too easy for Zach to get hurt and Steve would never forgive himself if Zach got so much as a scrapped knee because of him.
Once the base was secured, the Hydra operatives either dead, incapacitated, or run off, Vision went and retrieved the new family, carrying Tony while Steve carried Morgan out of the base to where Natasha and Wanda were waiting with the War Machine and Iron Man armours while Sam and Clint went to get the quinjet.
If Steve had been angry before, it was nothing compared with how he felt after Tony had told him of the horrors he’d been suffering in his mind since Sokovia. It made him even more eager to track down the Maximoff’s and destroy them.
“It’s given us each-other, it’s given us Zach and Peter.” Steve said rubbing Tony’s back, “That’s a lot more than a lot of people get.”
“I do, and he is. But that is us and we had close relationships with our Mothers, which you have said you did not. And I am sure you did cry for her when she died.” Tony nodded and Steve smiled, “Then that is more than enough. No could expect more of you, not when she failed to protect you from Howard and his cruelty.”
“So long as it doesn’t disrupt the hospital fine.” The consultant said. He looked down at the pale, pitiful figure of Curien in the hospital bed, “He hardly looks capable of committing such acts.”
“I’ll say one thing for your hike, its worked in getting him tired out.” Tony said with a chuckle as he sat down besides Steve before the fire and rested his head against his chest.
“Then leave it urgently.” Tony shot back unrepentant and lightly tapped Zach’s fingers as he tried to steal the pizza from his plate, “Don’t think I don’t see what you’re doing you little cheese thief.”
MJ rose an eyebrow and made her face look unconvinced, it was an expression she was practising in the mirror, she’d need Natasha give it to Clint and Sam several times and thought it looked really mature and scary.
Since they were all very full from the dinner they all decided to wait a while before having dessert, Tony, Steve, Peter, Happy, and Rhodey went to play with Zach and his new toys while the others washed up.
“You’re not gonna wear a dorky costume are you?” MJ asked wrinkling her nose, “Nothing shiny and spangly, no offence.” She added to Steve.
The Avengers were the enemy that they would be his ultimate defense against. Base after base was being destroyed by them as they searched for the missing sceptre and the illusive Winter Solider.
“Indeed.” Steve said slapping a hand on Tony’s butt cheeks, “Absolutely everything, it’s like your butt as a weird magnetic force that attracts everything to it and once they are on it they can’t let go.” He squeezed the ample flesh for emphasis making Tony snort.
“What? No of course not, why would you think that?” Tony asked her shocked that she’d even consider it, he was marrying Steve Rogers for Christ sakes, no one in their right mind would get cold feet marrying that man.
Steve’s attention was on Tony, working the releases on the armour to get him out of it. He winced when he saw the burns, the gnash, and the obvious break to Tony’s arm.
“You blasted a demi God while playing terrible music.” Steve teased leaning forward and kissing Tony’s cheek, he gently wiped away the few stray tears that rolled down Tony’s cheeks and smiled at him, “We’re gonna get through this.” He assured him, “You will walk with the braces that you are gonna make, I know you will, and you’ll walk down the isle with Rhodey and he’ll give you away, then we’ll walk back down the isle together, married, Alpha and Omega, and we’ll dance the first dance and then all the dances until we fall into bed together exhausted and get some sleep before our honeymoon.”
Wrapping his webbing on the rim of the skylight, Peter lowered himself down into the lab and turned on his adventure cam so he could film what he was seeing.
Or what if he threw someone and they got hit by a car, or he hit someone too hard and they got internal bleeding or something?
“You can do lessons with Zach.” Tony said, there was a smile on his face and he was making the effort to sound at ease and happy about this, but Steve could see the strain on his face and hear the tension in his voice which was just that little bit too high. “We’ll talk about it when you are back on your feet.” He said putting his half eaten burger back in it’s Styrofoam box and got to his feet, “I’ll be back in a minute.” He said, his smile as fake as a starlets nails.
Steve didn’t think it was fair that a man should look that attractive. A man shouldn’t have such full, kissable lips, or such wide, doe like eyes that were like pools of chocolate that you just wanted to leap into, nor be able to sport such elaborate facial hair without looking comical. He certainly shouldn’t have an ass that many women would be proud of owning, so curved and rounded that it just begged to be squeezed…
Tony rounded the bed and took Steve’s hands into his as the soldier sat down on the bed, “So now you’re a Father of Two.”
“The girl in question, Mary Jane Watson, has confirmed that Harry Osborn struck her about the face.” The Principal said, “As has Edward Leeds, who was present when the fight broke out.”
It was odd, most people would think that you would never get sick of fast food, that living off take away pizza, burgers, and other junk that can buy quickly and easily would be a dream, but the truth was after a few days your palette grew stale. You grew sick of taste of too much salt, the feel of grease on your tongue, you started to crave something fresh, something wholesome and nourishing.
As smartly dressed Pepper in an immaculate white business suit dress arrived along with Rhodey in his dress blues, the two of them took seats on the opposite side of the bed and were soon joined by Steve in crisp suit of his own. Happy had taken the boys out of the hospital and was exploring Prague with them while Tony did this.
“Oh.” Tony looked up at Jarvis and sighed heavily, “I guess Steve told you that you’re going home tomorrow.”
“What the police will be charging you with.” Steve said, “Over The Winter Soldier murdering Tony’s parents.”
Natasha and Clint looked uncomfortable, their own history was deeply shrouded in secrecy and Clint had very good reasons not to reveal much about himself, Thor however had no such qualms and soon began to speak of his own history, how he’d always been the favoured Son, how Loki’s true parentage had been hidden from him, how much that had tormented his younger brother and what had led him to acting against Asgard and Thor. How Thor had come to Earth the first time, met Jane, learned humility, something he was still learning.
All around him was ruin and death. Buildings collapsed into piles of rubble with twisted shards of metal sticking up out of the brick like plants stretching up out of the dirt. There were no plants now, they were all burned, every tree, every flower, every blade of grass destroyed.
“Talk to me.” Steve said, placing his other hand over Tony’s and keeping the other firmly wrapped about the cast so Tony couldn’t pull away, “Please?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Steve said, then looked to Lily who was happily babbling to Dumm-E who was chirping back at her, “We’ll need a baby sitter though.”
“Is the best!” Zach said bouncing on the sofa, he patted the seat next to him, “Come and watch it.” Those doe eyes, cheeky grin, and wild black curls were impossible to resist and Steve found himself sitting down besides Zach, who tugged on the blanket so it would cover Steve too.
Steve remembered hearing something about people who were always making jokes or being constantly loud and larger than life. That they were horribly insecure about themselves and were making the jokes first, speaking first and drowning everyone else out so that no one could get the chance to start tearing strips off them.
“Umm, hi?” He looked down at the kittens who attacked his laces with vigour, Espresso even began to try climbing his trouser leg!
“A dozen.” Tony replied. “So we can cover the globe. They will all be equipped to move position, so that if one is destroyed by enemy fire, we can have others in position to take over.”
Harley was in high spirits when he came home from school that afternoon, dozens of his classmates had been making friends with him through out the day, he’d been invited to go bowling, to play football, and several kids wanted him to help them make potato guns of their own.
The talk swiftly returned to being just shop talk after that as more intel was gathered via hacked security cameras and a couple of operatives like Sharon that Fury had in the field keeping tabs on Hydra, one of which managed to get Steve’s suit and Shield from the hotel room he and Tony had been staying in and dropped them off at Fury’s hideout.
“No, but she could have cared for you better than she did, even if she did not stand up to Howard. Please do not beat yourself up or think badly of yourself simply because you do not grieve as harshly as Thor.”
“I…there’s nothing troubling me.” Peter said and Tony was right, he really did suck at lying, he immediately looked guilty and his eyes began to dart about the room as if he were looking for exits.
Tony had been up most of the night studying all that Shield had given him on the Avengers, Loki, and all the research on thermonuclear radiation that Bruce Banner had ever written, as well as looking at it up by various other experts, thus making himself an expert.
“I err, yes.” The Principal said, “Although perhaps some lesson changes may be wise, to separate Peter from Harry and Eugene.”
Huge fast cars roared down the roads, bright signs and gigantic television screens hung in windows and on walls, people spoke to other people in different countries on tiny devices that was mobile telephones which were more powerful than the giant computing machines that the allies were developing in the war.
By the time the four of them got back to camp one of the tents was erected and the second tent was underway, with Natasha and Clint now lending a hand. The two had finally deigned to assist when it became clear that if they didn’t Tony, Steve, Zach, and Peter would be sleeping under the stars.
“It seems we won’t be traveling after all.” The handler said, “It seems the targets are coming to us.”
“Yeah sweet, now get this crap off me.” MJ complained tugging at the webbing on her coat, “This had better come off Parker-Stark or you are so dead.”
Pressing a hand over his mouth and fighting back the urge to vomit and cry Peter scanned the room, looking in at each and every cage and it’s occupant. The one that was moaning stared at Peter, his pained eyes begging Peter to help him. The poor man, if he could even be called that now lay on a gurney, his flesh was discoloured and mottled with black veins, his arms were no longer present instead he had tentacles sticking out from his shoulders and flopping about where the restraints ended, his bare feet were sprouting mini tentacles and suckers lined the bottom of his feet and were oozing some kind of black goo.
Aside from thanking the well wishers on Social Media the Avengers opted to remain silent, continuing their effort to search for the Maximoffs, took care of Peter and Zach, and waited for Tony to wake up.
“Well at least they are gone now.” Steve offered, frowning at Thor’s less than enthusiastic attitude. The God was not his normal excitable self, he was far more grave and seemingly grieved.
Bruce made a contemplative noise, “If the temperature is high enough they can, but it has to be very high, far more than the sunlight on this beach.”
Tony flinched back as Wanda’s hand brushed against his cheek, her fingers pressing on his temples, he wanted to scream, he wanted to beg her to stop, but he couldn’t do anything as she violated his mind, filling it with every fear he had lurking in his subconscious, making him see, hear, and feel every nightmare that plagued him as if he were actually living it out.
“Fire extinguisher?” Clint asked raising a hand to his face to shield himself from the heat coming off Zach. “I’m not trying to be funny, it might just shock him enough to snap him out of this.”
At barely six am, Tony was leaped on by a far to awake Zach who latched onto him and wouldn’t let him go back to sleep at all.
“That is enough!” The Consultant snapped, rising from his seat and leaving the bedside to speak with the cop, Curien tuned the conversation out, because he knew it was true, he would be lucky to live long enough to get tried, and not only because of the hatred felt by the general public, but also because Osborn was not likely to leave him alive once he learned that he’d survived the bullet and the car hitting him.
Steve felt his stomach clench at the sight, Peter had to have been there, which meant Tony had to have been there, so the two of them….No. No, no, no. He would not think it, would not believe it, they were alive and he was going to find them.
Once they had returned to New York Tony and Steve began to make wedding plans, assuring Zach he could be Page boy. Steve surprised everyone by not choosing Sam to be his best Man but instead chose Peter, who had been the one to help pick out the engagement ring.
“Then if I might suggest.” Jarvis said, bringing up a holographic design of the harness and support that he and Tony had already created, “We should opt for a full body harness, one that will fit over your shoulders and cover your back and torso rather than just a glorified seatbelt.”
The very inappropriate question came of course from Deadpool, who was lounging across the sofa talking to an uncomfortable looking spider-man.
“That’d be Mr or Dr Stark, to you, Captain.” Tony snarled, “Only my friends call me Tony.” He looked behind Steve to Coulson’s blood stains, they’d almost been friends, been something more than colleagues. Tony was going to miss him.
“I figure we’ll need money in the US.” He said, “We can exchange the cash for dollars when we get there.”
Thor took to making sand castles with enthusiasm and soon he and Zach not only had a sand castle, they had a sand palace, with a sand fort, a sand mote and bridge, beyond the bridge on the other side of the sand mote the two of them created a sand town with different sized sand castles.
Dodging laser fire Tony headed straight for the castle and smacked right into the energy shield, “Shit!” he cursed as he fell away quickly righting himself and firing back at the laser cannons that were targeting him.
“Oh, don’t be pouty, Iron Buns. Dopinder might be my snuggle bunny, but you are the Hot to my Dog! And together, you’ll be the cookie, and I’ll make plenty of cream!”
Wanda smiled darkly as she gazed up at the stars above her, besides her Pietro snored, he was curled into a foetal position, his hands cradled beneath his chin and his knees to his chest as he tried to stay as warm as possible as they slept rough.
“Let’s see if we can fit that inside the chassis.” Tony said frowning down at his tablet. After several minutes typing he pulled up a prototype design for a new suit interior complete with the support harness that Jarvis had designed and the leg braces.
So far the best way of deploying it Peter had found was to use aerosol spray mechanism, he loaded a trigger into the gloves and had the nozzle in a pair of cuffs that he fastened about his wrists.
Concern spread over Rhodey’s face again, “Tony, what is going on?” He asked, “Why are you saying this?”
On crutches for his leg, Tony watched the fireworks from the tower with Steve, Lily and the rest of the team, including the newly introduced Guardians of the Galaxy and Captain Marvel who had joined in, taking out several ships that had been just outside of orbit.
“I never could.” Steve said, “And I know you, I know that once you are out of this hospital you’ll get the hang of using a chair and have those races with Zach, you’ll probably have wheelchair derby’s with Clint, maybe even fit repulsors to the chair and fly about everywhere!”
“I’ve missed you too, and you’ve grown.” Tony said, “You’ve got to stop that now, I refuse to allow you to grow anymore. Friday make a note, Zach is not to be fed anymore, he’s not to be given any sunlight either, he’s got to stay in his room in the dark so he stays small.”
Tony leaned in and breathed against Steve’s lips, “I’ve never been so happy either.” He closed the space between them and kissed Steve, sucking on his bottom lip to draw it into his mouth. Steve’s hands spun his waist and began to lift his shirt but a giggle came from the doorway causing the two to break apart.
“I know you’re pissed, Stark. I would be too. But this ain’t gonna solve anything, if you hurt or kill them, all you’ll do is ruin your own life.”
Doctor Curien laughed, “I’m not interested in information boy, I am interested in you, your physiology, your anatomy, how you came to be….this.” He gestured to Peter’s thigh, “Clearly you have accelerated healing, and by your crawling around the ceiling I would say agility and speed too, what else can you do?”
Even knowing that Steve couldn’t help but feel uncomfortable about the thought of Bucky being locked away in a mental facility, even a modern, hygienic, state of the art one. He still had one of those old asylums envisioned in his mind. Those hideous places with the high barbed wire covered walls, barred windows, dark forbidding walls, and the haunting echoes of screams coming from within, the few inmates allowed outside all malnourished, shaven headed, sporting bruises and sores, their eyes vacant and hollow, anything of a real person long gone.
“If Tony has his way it’ll be the better part of twenty years.” Steve said, thinking of Tony’s insistence that Zach go to college first, “He wanted the same for Peter, but Peter….well he’s a teenager and he’s not the first teen to think he knows better than his parents, nor will he be the last I am sure.”
The blade sunk maybe a quarter inch into Peter’s skin making him hiss in pain as blood began to seep around the fresh wound.
“We have no idea where to start looking for him.” Maria said, “Hydra have likely gotten him hidden somewhere and will only send him back out when they have a use for him.”
“No.” Tony said shaking his head, “I did that with Stane and I don’t want to repeat it. I’d rather go with something different this time.” With a waive of his hand he shut down the images, “Send Pepper an Email J, let her know we’ve decided to have the ceremony and reception at the manor.”
Steve let out several hoarse sounding cries as he and Tony flew over Washington, Tony wanted to comfort him, to tell him that everything would be alright, but his throat was too bruised, too swollen for him to speak much, and his ribs, where he’d hit the piler were throbbing, likely he’d broken one or more and his injured arm was agony, all of this combined made Tony unable to do anything but hold Steve, trying to get them as far away as possible before the damaged suit gave out and he was forced to make a landing or risk them crashing.
“Oh they’re up state, in the compound,” At Steve’s frown Tony explained, “There was a bad fight recently, an AI called Ultron, my fault, and I’ve left the Avengers.”
She was right, Steve knew she was right, he was selfish just to think of giving up and turning into a monster to avenge Tony and abandon the two boys who had taken him into their hearts, he owed them his loyalty, he owed it to Tony to be a Father to them if the worst happened. But revenge would be so much easier, he was a soldier, he knew how to track people, how to kill, being a Father, especially with Tony’s support, that he had no idea how to do and was terrified of messing it up.
Clint’s face paled, “Fuck, I didn’t… shit Fuck!” he dove under the water joining the search for Tony.
“I need to keep a clear head, morphine will put me on my ass.” Tony picked up one of the spoons and put it between his teeth, he nodded to Maria and clenched his jaw around the spoon,
After hitting his head several times, Tony had Jarvis call Steve in to lift the bed up so he could get out without giving himself a concussion. Zach giggled as Steve lifted the bed, Peter was laughing too as Tony scrambled out, red faced and embarrassed.
Tony grinned toothily, “Definitely ass clown. See you around Fury, try not to start any wars or overthrow any democracies.” He slipped his sunglasses on and made his way to his car very much looking forward to having Senator Ass Clown eat his words and swallow his pride as he honoured himself and Rhodey.
Moments later Tony was presented with an arm extension grabber in hot rod red and gold with a shiny bow on it.
“You only want a one night stand and I want more than that.” Steve said, “So I think it is probably best if I go so that neither one of us gets hurt and our friendship isn’t damaged by anything that we do here.” Tony was reeling, as he tried to follow Steve’s train of through. He wanted more than a one night stand, he thought that Tony didn’t?
Steve nodded in agreement. No one was going to stand in his way, no one was going to stop him from getting to Tony and their baby.
“I’ve got EMT’S on the way.” Fury told Tony over the coms as Tony stepped out of his suit and knelt down besides Steve. The Captain had been beaten within an inch of life, he was frighteningly still and cold to the touch.
She was a little darker in colouring than Lily, but just as beautiful. Lily was fascinated by having a little Sister to play with, insisting on “Helping” which meant that bathtime resulted in the bathroom being flooded every day, and Morgan’s nappies declared disgusting, by the growing girl.
“You dare upload this to social media and I swear I’ll fill all of your arrows with pink glitter.” Tony warned him, trying to move, but the sand was keeping him too well pinned down.
“We haven’t found any of them though, unless they are hiding.” Peter pointed out, getting a few more shells to go into the bucket. He made his way along the shoreline and peered into another pool, “I think I’ve found some prawns.” He called out, “Can we eat them?”
He also, seemed more human, in a way. Less artificial than Rogers did. Maybe it was because of what could be considered his imperfections. The facial lines and the grey in his hair, he looked less like a plastic action figure, and more like a warrior who has seen battle and lived in the real world.
“I am sorry Mr Stark, but Colonel Rhodes asked that I intervene and prevent you from doing something you will regret.” Vision said, sounding apologetic.
“I don’t wanna be mad.” Peter murmured, “You saved the world, I can’t be mad about you doing that.” He scuffed his feet on the floor, shifting uncomfortably, “I thought you’d died, I thought I’d lost you too.”
It was usually hard to read Vision’s expressions as he was still learning about emotions, but this time it was clear what he felt, anger, anger at what Hydra had done and the pain they had caused.
About halfway down his confidence grew and began to slide down faster, getting himself down the wall and leaped off when he was ten feet from the ground, landing on the balls of his feet with whoop. Grinning he set off at a run heading to central park where he found MJ waiting.
“He’s right Tony.” Natasha said, unexpectedly supporting Steve’s argument, it was surprising since she was the first to call Tony out on his ego, but this time she was not and did not believe that Tony was at fault in any way.
Peter relaxed immediately and looked to Tony, who had clearly known about this but wanted to let Peter tell Steve in his own time.
A couple of stories made their way to the internet, with people reporting seeing a figure climbing walls and jumping off rooves, but with the Devil in Hells Kitchen running around, and a couple of other superhumans in harlem, this was dismissed as just being more of the same and did not arouse his parents suspicions.
Peter found several bushes with colourful berries upon them but was advised not to attempt to eat them as Bruce wasn’t sure if they were safe for consumption by humans.
A silence fell as the team took in the news of Thor’s loss, a loss they all, save for Sam knew all too well, having all lost their own Mothers.
The Christmas tree was a good seven foot tall and everyone had fun hanging decorations upon it and wrapping it in tinsel, Steve lifted Zach up so he could place the star on the top of the tree when it was fully decorated.
“Who was goading you into a fight and would have been coming for you anyway.” Steve said, he took Tony’s shoulders and made the Omega face him. “Okay maybe grounding him for jumping was a little harsh but you were frightened for his safety and reacted as any parent would. He does need to learn respect for his abilities and scolding him for showing off will help him do so. He also shouldn’t have spoken to you the way he did, so even if he hadn’t been grounded before I would ground him for that. Teenager or not, recent mutation or not, there is a line and he crossed it.”
“I not be ins… insborbent.” He babbled, “Promise, I be good.” He looked at Tony, “Promise Mamma, I be good.”
“As well as having a nutritious diet, the Avengers have a rigorous training regime, and weapons maintenance schedule.”
“I know.” Peter slumped, “I feel like shit for it, I just…, I felt angry and I couldn’t stop from mouthing off. I don’t know why. Do you think it’s because of the mutation?”
They kept the pace gentle so everyone could enjoy the surrounds and not get too hot or tired right away.
Different wines were served with each course, reds or whites depending on the choice of food and were replaced after the meals were done. Tony refused the wines, continuing to sip at mineral water which Steve joined him in drinking, as did Bruce, only Natasha and Clint drank and even then they had only a full glass of champagne each and a few sips of the wines they were served. They were keeping their heads clear.
Steve had never had Indian before, there hadn’t been any Indian restaurants in Brooklyn during the depression and while there likely had in the rest of the City he had never had the money to afford a restaurant, the best he and Bucky had been able to manage were burgers, or sometimes a pizza.
The first person she tried them on was left a hysterical mess, unable to do anything but scream in terror. The second was much the same except she became catatonic. The rest of her test subjects had much the same results. Catatonia, hysteria, and self inflicted violence.
For a moment every one was speechless, partly because Tony was in a pair of black silk briefs that concealed exceptionally little and partly because he was showing such a protective streak towards Peter.
That would be the right thing to do and Peter knew it, he really did. But he couldn’t resist the urge of stepping out on his own and proving his worth to the Avengers, proving he wasn’t just a kid anymore.
Steve bristled at Natasha’s tone, and her presumptuous belief that she had a right to advise him on anything he did.
“Tony we really need to get into that base.” Steve called as he fought soldiers, nearly getting knocked off his feet himself by Pietro as the pest sped through the field.
“You haven’t been returning my calls,” Rogers replied, “And I would hardly call this,” he gestured around, “As being overly important,”
He went on to say how he’d fallen for Tony almost as soon as they had met, finding him undeniably attractive and appealing even as they had argued; how Tony was exactly the kind of Omega he’d always liked. Feisty, intelligent, loving, generous, and independent.
Tony nodded thoughtfully as the lift reached the ground floor and they walked out to the limo waiting for them, for the first time in God knows how long he was actually feeling hopeful about the future, was even looking forward to a Gala! Mostly because he was seeing Steve in a tux!
“I’ll get some ice to take down the swelling.” He said to Tony, getting up from the bed, but his hand was seized in a tight, almost painful grip, “Baby?” he asked in a gentle tone so as not to spook Tony.
Avengers personnel will have the final say on any and all materials recorded during the making of this documentary.
Eighteen months went by before Thanos attacked, giving Tony and the Avengers time to get the weapons into orbit around the planet, equip the compound for battle, and to build shelters in every major city around the world.
Zach using Tony’s favourite caution for Peter made everyone pause for a moment, Tony looked torn between being amused and proud of Zach having started to use this.
Peter tried the lab door, it was locked of course, a biometric lock was in place with a palm scanner and a retinal scanner. “Paranoid much.” Peter muttered, the moan came again and he pressed his face up against the glass trying to see inside the second room, but it was too dark in there.
“Maybe not straight to Oscorp.” Peter said, “I don’t want to try and break in there until I’ve more experience under my belt. I think I should stick with small stuff for a few weeks, stop muggers and pick-pockets, that kind of thing.”
“Uh huh.” Tony pulled up an image of Loki shape shifted into Steve by the lift in Stark tower and put it up onto another holograph, he then pulled up an image of Steve himself, and finally a single image of the Steve exiting the lift in the tower with the Sceptre.
“I’m safe, for now.” Natasha replied, “I have some bolt holes I can hide out in. What happened to you, me and Fury were attacked by Rumlow and his men, they were in Hydra uniforms, or I assume they were Hydra by the insignia on them.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at the young Alpha, “Are you seriously trying to guilt trip me, really? Kid I just came close to getting curly fried by some lava chick, do you honestly think pouting at me like that is going to tug on my heart strings?”
“You are not a freak, you do have a heart. I know you have a heart because I know how much it is breaking right now and I know that because mine is breaking too for seeing you in so much pain.”
A hideous two headed serpent thing with what looked to be the start of wings on it’s back and hands on it’s chest hissed at him from another tank and spat some kind of venom against the glass.
“When can we go to the beach?” Zach asked bouncing on the bed with hyper-active excitement, “Wanna go play in the sea!”
“Which would you like it to be?” Steve purred, he honest to God purred! The rumbling roll of his words sending shudders down Tony’s spine and of his blood heading south of the border too.
“You are family too.” Tony said cutting off Steve’s stammering, “You are totally a part of this madness and I’m happy to have you as a part of it, as are the boys.”
“Bucky, do you know who I am?” Steve asked, his voice lowered into a gentle tone, not unlike the one he used when talking to Lily, obviously not wanting to intimidate the skittish man. Again Bucky nodded jerkily,
"To further ensure success a secondary force shall tackle the enemy on another front, and brave the peril of a steep shaft." He tormented Tony's cock making the Omega hiccup between groans and laughter.
“You have the Green room if that happens.” Tony said, “And we can have a contract drawn up that you are pretty much left alone during the filming. That your lab is off limits to them and the only footage they get of you is when you are with the rest of us. Having us around will act as a kind of buffer, you won’t be the centre of attention for the film crew.” He grinned, “Especially if Cap is wearing tight pants and no shirt. But I’m a jealous bitch and I don’t want to share his fantastic ass and washboard abs with anyone!”
“Are you sure?” Pepper said eyeing him critically, “You’re moody, you’re sipping ginger ale and you usually hate ginger ale, and I’m not being mean but you look like you’ve gained a few pounds, all on stomach.”
Cute details that were becoming more apparent every day and showed that Tony really needed to get laid. When he found himself wondering what it would be like to run his hands down Steve’s muscled back or to nibble on the chiselled jaw he knew he was letting this “Thing” go too far.
“I can understand that.” The host said, “I think we can all admit to guilt over not caring enough or simply not seeing what is going on when it is directly affecting us or is right under our noses.”
Super agility was what they found next as he sparred with Steve, Natasha, and Clint. As he had already had self-defence lessons Peter knew how to fight, but now he was far more flexible and far swifter, being able to dart about far faster than the average human could and had much superior balance. He could catch himself in a jump on his tip toes and remain there without falling at all.
The two of them cuddled under the bed until after Zach’s tears had subsided, then came the trouble of getting back out from under the bed, which was a lot harder than getting under it had been.
“He’ll bleed to death you fool, you hit the artery.” Doctor Curien snarled, and suddenly the Doctor was beside Peter and wrapping a strap about his upper thigh, tightening it painfully tight to cut off the blood supply.
At the studio Steve was introduced to the host and was given another once over by another stylist who added just a touch of highlight to his forehead before declaring him complete, he was then sat in a comfortable office chair sitting at an angle to the hosts chair with a decorative coffee table between them and the cameras pointed at the both. The Host explained that they would begin with some talk about Steve himself, how he had felt waking up in the twenty-first century, how he’d adjusted, found his new purpose and family, which would then lead into the issues that said family were going through right now.
“You’re coming for a dunking Stark!” Clint yelled gleefully, unaware of the panic that was setting in for Tony.
It was important to establish a routine. At least that was what Rhodey suggested before he had go back to fort Edwards. If they were being watched then they should establish a boring routine, make it look as if they were just going about their day to day life with nothing interesting happening.
Peter yelped as Zach leaped on him and began to shake him, disturbing Espresso who had curled up on Peter’s pillow during the night, the black kitten grumbled at the disturbance and jumped off the bed, padding out of the room to go and find somewhere quieter to catch up on her sleep.
“Do you think anyone will notice if we sneak away before dawn to go on honeymoon for like… the next month or three?” Tony asked conspiringly,
“I know you’re hurting Tony, I can’t imagine what this must be like for you. But you are not alone, we’re all here for you, me, Pepper, Rhodey, the whole team, hell even Fury is behind you on this.” Steve said, reaching out to take Tony’s hand, the Billionaire made to pull away but Steve was too fast, and his cast covered arm was held in Steve’s warm hand, the Super Soldier’s sparkling eye meeting his and Tony had to look away.
“This still needs to be set.” She said, examining the wound, “The bone is out of alinement, the longer its left the worse it will get and you risk having to have the arm rebroken to set the bone properly.”
“Aye, let us move the large pieces of debris between us.” Thor declared moving to assist Hulk in shifting the huge slabs of concrete and steel beams from the wreckage, allowing those without super-human strength and heat proof skin to move the smaller bricks and metal.
“Alright stand down Robocop!” He shouted blasting off into the air and hovering just over Steve and the man who’d attacked them. The man looked up but didn’t stop his assault on Steve and he was too close for Tony to risk using the repulsors. Cursing Tony flew in closer and grabbed the man by his underarms lifting him up off Steve and held him even as the man struggled and Damn was he strong, like super-soldier strong.
“That’s true.” Steve said, “But if going back to school or that school in particular is going to cause you too much stress then we can home school you or find you a different school.”
“Modest as always Mr Stark.” Pepper drawled, “You do remember what happened the last time you got into a “Funvee” as you called it?”
It was painful to see the shimmer of disbelief in Tony’s eyes as he gazed at him, utterly astonished by these words. Steve almost moved to take him into his arms, but Lily let out a cry and wriggled in the pram, she would want feeding soon, and a nappy change soon there after.
“I wouldn’t mind something a little less flamboyant, actually.” He said, “The costume always made me think of those stage days with that god awful dance routine.”
Tony sighed and wet his lips, running his top teeth over the bottom lip as he gathered his thoughts, “I wasn’t as close to my Mother as you all were to yours and I did not feel as bereft when she died as you all did when your Mother’s died.” He took a deep shuddered breath and blinked away the prickle of tears as they spiked at his eyes, “I feel such love for Zach and Peter, and I know they love me in return, they would be devastated by my death, I know it and I fear the grief that I may one day bring them. But I feel nothing like that for my own Mother, what does that say about me?”
On Titan they battled the mad Titan himself, distracting and restraining him to try and get the gauntlet off his hand. When it was clear the thing wasn’t coming off easily Tony created a sword blade with his new Nanotech armour and cut off the Titan’s arm, severing him from the gauntlet and infinity stones.
Peter snickered at Ned’s excitement while MJ rolled her eyes, “Chill out man, its just a sleepover, its not like Mr Stark is going to take us for rides on the Iron Man suit.”
“Very much.” Steve replied in a low voice, “Especially since aren’t wearing those provocative shorts anymore.”
While they did this Clint headed back up to the top of the cliff to dive again. Once he reached the top he found both Bruce and Tony napping. Grinning he stole over to Tony unable to resist the chance to cause some mischief, he then scooped Tony up making the Billionaire yelp in surprise and start to thrash around in his arms.
“As soon as he is conscious I’ll need to speak to him.” The detective said, “He has information that we need, and a lot of people are very angry with him, hence the attempt on his life I should imagine.” He nodded to the officers on the door, “He’ll have a police guard at all times.”
“We have to come back here again.” Peter declared around a mouthful of fresh trout later that evening, “We can bring fishing equipment next time and rope and stuff so we can make a sturdier raft.”
Baron Von Strucker beheld the sceptre as it lay upon the work table resting in a stand that had been built to house it.
Bodies lay on the desolated ground, broken bodies, their limbs twisted the wrong way, their mouths open in silent screams and dried blood staining them as their eyes gazed accusingly at Tony, blaming him, condemning him for not saving them.
Tony turned a hard gaze on her, “I’d prefer the people having a say in what is going on in their country, and across the planet. That’s what a democracy is for. What this country is supposed to thrive on.”
The Avengers had fought to very end, all the heroes had. Laying down their lives side by side with the military to try and defeat Thanos and his overwhelming forces.
Tony let out a bark of mirthless laughter, “That is the stupidest and most ignorant thing I have ever heard you say. Hydra is the only threat? What about AIM, or IS, or Al Qaeda? They are just as big a threat as Hydra ever was.”
The three of them ran down the road, glancing over their shoulders and seeing Hydra agents coming out of the museum and it didn’t take long for them to spot the three agents.
“Fine by me.” Tony said, “It’ll be Thor dealing with Zach being sugar hyped tonight not me.” He looked to Zach, who had already managed to cover his mouth and chin in bolognaise sauce, he even had some on his nose and he was enjoying slurping up the spaghetti, grinning widely as he did so.
“Come on Morgan, come to Mamma, come on, you can do it!” Tony was on his knees holding out his arms to Morgan who was clutching onto the side of the couch, she’d been making abortive attempts to walk for a while and it looked like today was going to be the big day.
The fall and the shouting had Lily screaming now in obvious fright, a horrible sound to hear. No infant should be crying like that, should know what fright was, but she did and it broke Rhodey’s heart to see her big eyes wide with fear, her cheeks red as tears spilled down them, and to feel the tremors running through her tiny body as she shook.
“Umm, I’m not sure.” Peter felt his cheeks flushing as they always did when it came to speaking about Tony’s finances or something on that subject. Since being adopted by the billionaire Peter had learned that people generally had one of two ideas of what his situation was like.
“I can’t ask you to do that.” Tony protested looking at the devastated bathroom, Zach might be small but he could create a hell of a mess if he tried.
As they signed out of the hospital Tony braced himself, there was a great deal of press waiting outside to get the first photos of him in a wheelchair and leaving the hospital. They had tried to keep his release date a secret but someone had blabbed and the media had gathered with the cameras and microphones.
Tony smiled, deaf to all by Peter even the Social Services were squawking, he reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone, “Jarvis, buddy, call my lawyer and get me made Peter Parker’s legal guardian and start the process on adoption.” Peter let out a squeal and hugged him tighter, burying his face in Tony’s chest.
“Sucker.” Tony drawled, he and Steve left the nurses station where they had been pretending to look over paperwork and headed for Curien’s room.
“Crippling him isn’t enough.” She said sending a little of her suggestive magic into her brother, not enough to control him, just enough to sway him to her way of thinking, “He might not be able to walk but he’s rich, he can still live in luxury, be waited on by others, be bathed by others, he probably doesn’t even care he can’t walk, he can pay people to carry him.”
Tony could feel the first twinges of a panic attack building in his chest. He knew he had to get away from Rogers right now, or he would lose it and he couldn’t afford to have an attack right now, not when he might be spotted by other people, any hope of being seen as anything but a fuck up would be destroyed if they saw him in the throes of an anxiety attack.
All in all it was very good night, much better than getting shit faced would have been, and Tony finished up the night in Zach’s room watching him sleep as he sat in the rocking chair, the Milky way reflecting on the walls and ceiling.
“You can have a few chocolate chips in your porridge.” Steve offered as took the saucepan off the stove.
“Correct Mr Stark, and while I helped their cause, I also helped my own.” Zola agreed, an image of the Hydra insignia appearing on one of the screens.
Tony quirked his head and grinned, “Oh I don’t know. A big guy like you coming onto a guy might make him a little nervous! After all, you could pick us up and carry us around with just one hand couldn’t you?”
“Take a seat, Champ.” Happy said pulling out a stool for Peter to sit on, Bruce busied himself making tea and getting cookies out which he set on the table.
‘I like him.’ Winter said with his usual decisive attitude of black and white. Bucky didn’t argue the point, he just wasn’t going to make a snap judgement.
“I know.” Steve groaned, really wishing he’d been able to catch that before he’d said it. He did make himself feel a little better by flipping off the bike and then hurling it into an on coming jeep, “It just slipped out.”
It had taken him the better part of a week to do that, and another ten days to make the floors habitable again. But at least the work had kept him from thinking, from dwelling on his fucked up life.
All of them chose the lava cakes wishing they were larger and the rich tasted lasted longer, but all too soon they were eaten and speeches began.
“That he didn’t want you to go through all of this, Yes, you did. But you have made this choice without him and now you have to face the consequences for that.” Pepper glared at him, “Talk to him Tony. Relationships need open communication, not secrets and half-truths. If you can’t trust him enough to support you through this, then there is no point in you marrying him.”
“You, young man are in a lot of trouble.” Steve said, “What were you thinking, running off like that?”
Thor readily agreed with enthusiasm, while Steve bowed out, and Tony told Clint in graphic details where the archer would have his camera shoved if he kept irritating the super soldier.
Waking up to Tony every morning was still a novelty to Steve, he was always awake before Tony, even before Zach who often came to visit in the mornings, much to Tony’s dismay since it meant he’d be leaped on by his far too awake son, followed by a couple of kittens who found feet a lot of fun to attack.
“Why don’t you and Zach go and pick us all out a movie to watch.” Tony suggested, “PG13 is as high a rating as I’m willing to go.”
With his nose wrinkling at the sight of the same sex couples on the dance floor, Rogers searched the crowd until he came across Tony, in the arms of Steve, being twirled around the dance floor like some dance hall doxie!
“I think you mean that the other way around.” Steve said, glancing up at Jarvis’ nearest camera seeing it give a wink of acknowledgment.
Steve secretly loved Zach waking them up like that, although Tony complained about being deafened and his poor old body not being able to stand Zach’s pounding. Having an adorable and energetic Pup jumping on him would always brighten Steve’s mornings, and he’d delight in engaging in some gentle rough housing with Zach, play wrestling him and pretending that Zach was too strong for him and letting the little Pup push him to the ground and declare his victory over Captain America.
“Rumlow.” Tony murmured trying not to give into the urge to hide behind Steve. So many Alphas and likely all of them working for Hydra did not make him feel safe, especially not in a confined space.
In the days that followed Tony’s confession and last nightmare, the Omega set about working with Jarvis and Bruce, taking scans of the Sceptre and readings that meant nothing to Steve or the rest of the team but meant a lot to the geniuses.
“Dear God, you’d think a tornado swept through here.” Tony groaned, looking over the mess, “They always said kids give you grey hair and its fucking true.”
Peter was a little more subdued about how his school day went. He assured everyone he’d not suffered any bullying, then, after some coaxing admitted to what had been going on with very red cheeks that got even redder as he was teased about being seen as “Cute” by his peers.
Following this failure, Bruce and Natasha took over decorating the cake, this went well, expect for the fact that the icing sugar went everywhere, and they were thoroughly covered in it by the time they were done.
“I could still launch a civil suit against him.” He said, “See him tried in a civil court for his crimes.”
“Behave, there’s a baby present,” Pepper scolded him, “And I have an offer for you both,” She regretted her word choice when the wicked gleam shone in Tony’s eyes, “Get your filthy mind out of the gutter Mr Stark and focus!”
“Uh, honey, no, don’t use that word, that’s a bad word.” Steve said, staring at far too innocent eyes and a big gummy smile,
Tony surveyed the schematics of the redundant storage facility that used to house SI missiles and the acres of land that surrounded the facility.
“Hydra.” The Skrull panted, “The found they had an even greater prize when they took Stark, one they did not expect, it doubled the bounty.”
"I'll take you to him shortly." The nurse said in a kind tone, "If you'll come with me I'll find you somewhere more private to wait." Steve gripped Tony's hand and glanced at the teacher, she gave him a small smile.
“There is quite a range of different physicality’s between you all isn’t there?” The Host asked Steve, “Yourself and Thor set the bar unachievably high for the human and unenhanced members of the team. How can they hope to keep up with you?”
That’s who I am, You, twelve years from now in 2023. It wasn’t Loki you were fighting for the sceptre, it was me. I had to come back in time for the Sceptre, but as you’ll have already seen, I replaced it once we were done with it, and by we I mean the team, or rather what is left of us, which I’m sorry to say isn’t many.
Steve deserved someone young and uncomplicated, someone who hadn’t spent half their lives mated to a bastard who’d stabbed them in the back, someone who didn’t have two kids already and a shit load of emotional baggage. Someone who was healthy, who didn’t carry around an electromagnet in their chest.
After breakfast came the presents, firstly from Rhodey, who sent his love but unfortunately couldn’t get away from his assignment to be there. He’d sent Zach an Ironman and War machine action figures that light up and made the noises like the actual suits did.
He sat back in the plastic chair and watched the detective’s expression. It wouldn’t be legal, not in the least but considering what Curien had done it was the least that the police could offer Tony.
Desserts were served with a sweet dessert wine, a choice of Chocolate lava cakes topped with vanilla ice cream, strawberry and macadamia mille feuille, or lime and mascarpone souffle.
When Steve caught up with Tony, he was standing outside, by the car, a hand over his chest, and his body bent forward as he gasped for breath.
“I believe there may be a more personal reason for their assault upon Sir.” Jarvis explained, “It seems that when they were ten, during the civil war of Sokovia, a Stark Industries bomb was dropped on their home killing their parents. The twins were trapped in the rubble for several days before they were rescued and wound up in an orphanage until they ran away and joined Hydra.”
Reaching a stairway, Tony unclipped the key card/name tag from the jacket and pressed the barcode against the scanner, the door buzzed and unlocked letting up through.
“I’ll remember that.” Steve said giving Tony once last kiss before straightening up, “We should probably go and see our host or he’ll wonder what’s happened to us.”
Steve quickly learned what Sam had meant by that. The frenzy didn’t die down in a few days, as he had thought it would, as it would have done back in the forties when social media didn’t exist and the world swiftly lost interest in the relationships of celebrities, being more focused on the war and surviving to care about who was sleeping with whom.
It was a good threat, Iron Man, and the whole world knew of what Tony had done to Killian for hurting Peter and Kidnapping Zach. Doctor Curien however didn’t look overly impressed.
“You could take him to a child psychologist.” Pepper suggested, “They may be able to help him deal with this healthily.”
“And my answer is already no.” Tony said taking a sip of his coffee, “You have a guilty face, so you are clearly guilty of something, therefore you will not be getting anything.”
Tony looked to Steve, an alarmed look on his face, “Dear God he actually gets worse. I hate you right now.”
Days went by with Peter's condition not changing, not getting any worse, but also not improving despite the efforts of the Doctors. There was also the fear that the longer this lasted the more likely it was that Peter would suffer lasting organ damage, brain damage was a possibility that Tony had been warned of, Peter had been without sufficient air for an extended period of time due to his throat swelling shut, there was a chance that his brain had suffered damage as the result.
With food and drink packed up, sunscreen plastered on, and comfortable footwear adorned, the team set off to hike around the Island.
“I doubt he’s capable of complicated.” Natasha sneered, she grabbed some clothing and threw it at the women, “Get dressed, get out.” She ordered them both; neither protested, wanting to get out of their before the idiot was shot.
“It’s crazy, completely crazy!” Tony exclaimed, as he scrolled through twitter on his phone, “Holy shit, they’ve even photoshopped images of us in front of a church as if we’re getting married!”
“It is likely that something this powerful would easily take over control of someone attempting to claim its power.” Jarvis said, “As they attempted to force their own will upon it, the object would force its own will upon the host and consume them.”
“Alright, I take it back, I’m gonna kill you first.” Tony said, “In five, four, three, two…” one of the gauntlets smashed through a window and smacked the first thug upside the head as it found its way to Tony’s wrist, “One.” He fired the repulsor at the thugs who immediately ducked for cover as the rest of the suit followed and covered Tony’s body.
Tony blew him a kiss, “Is that threat or a promise, Nicky, Darling?” He threw him a wink for extra measure and Fury snorted, rolling his eye.
Dropping down from the rooftops into the alley had scared the shit out of the drug dealers, who’d run in fear of getting caught and going to prison, their customer running in the other direction to them.
It was from the Backster Building they saw Thanos’ army swam the earth, sweeping through the defences like a relentless tsunami.
“Yes Sir, just about.” Jarvis replied, his voice distorted and crackling with static, “What has happened, I lost your signal a few hours ago.”
The laughter that exploded around him had Tony laying his head back down and closing his eyes in the desperate hope that he was imagining things.
“This what you get for sleeping in.” Steve teased, he came and crouched besides Tony, a cup of coffee in his hands. The nectar was just inches away but it may as well have been miles, Ton gazed longingly at the cup and gave Steve his best beseeching look.
“I don’t see why not.” Tony said taking an interest in the trees and the vegetation, “If you want we can have a go at building it together tomorrow while Captain Kingfisher tries to catch our dinner.”
The Detective swallowed hard and had to take a few breaths before he spoke, “The fact that you’ll be arrested for murder.” It was spoken more as a question even though it was a statement of fact. It didn’t hold any sway over the enraged Omega though, he just snorted derisively and looked away.
“Why Wanda?” Steve asked her, “What possibly reason could you have for doing this, for torturing Tony like this?”
“I know.” Steve said, “You’re a good boy Peter, and you’ll be a hell of a superhero. But one step at a time, okay?”
Tony rolled his lips, his breath hitching as he recalled the cold vacuum, the armada of chitauri on the otherside of the wormhole, just waiting to attack. So many of them, a vast force ready to wipe out life on earth.
He found himself having to fight his way past Paps and Fans as he went out for his morning runs, Sam often going with him, being an early riser thanks to his years in the military and able to manage the long gruelling runs Steve went on, even if he couldn’t keep up pace with the Captain and was frequently being lapped by him.
Tony was everything he wasn’t, rich, successful, experienced, suave, charming, cultured, and stylish. Hell, he somehow made an oil stained vest, torn jeans, and three days of unwashed hair and stubble look good!
“Its fine.” Tony said, not willing to let the mood be ruined, “You’re just gonna have to do more work is all.” He patted his lap, “Come on big guy, lets get this horse saddled and ready to ride!”
“I think it could be useful.” Pepper said, “It gives you the opportunity to show yourselves to the population in a way you want to be portrayed. Not just as mysterious figures of rumour and legend, or larger than life characters of myth and tales. But as normal people who get up and have breakfast, who binge watch stuff on Netflix, who have stupid arguments about whose turn it is to empty the dish washer, and yet you still come together to battle against super villains to protect the world.”
He didn’t have long to think on it though as Killian was still on the war path and came charging at him his skin burning with the liquid fire in his veins.
“Do that,” Rhodey said. He pressed the mechanism to open the suit and stepped out, “Now, how do you guys feel about getting pizza?”
“Sure, you say that now.” Tony huffed planting his hands on the mattress and dragging himself further up the bed, “Tell me that in a year, in two years…”
Steve shook his head, “I fucked up Sam. If I’d told Tony the truth about his parents from the start then he wouldn’t have lashed out in Siberia. Zemo wouldn’t have won, and even so, I shouldn’t have left him there, I should have just assumed he’d be alright.” He looked down at his feet, self disgust rolling off him, “Its my fault that Hydra got him, God only knows what they’ve been doing to him, and the baby.” He felt doubly sick when he thought of the poor innocent child at Hydra’s mercy, the things those bastards would do to a child, Natasha had told him of what had been done to her during her training and the thought of his own baby going through that made Steve’s blood run cold.
Rhodey had imprisoned the Skrull with Vision’s help in a state of the art cell where it remained until the Avengers arrived to get information out of it on where Tony was.
Turning away from his slanging match with MJ for the moment, Harry turned back to Peter, “You know, if Stark hadn’t been looking for good publicity to make up for the shit he did at his fucking expo, you’d have just been left to rot in some shit hole care home, have become some redneck truck drivers bitch instead of Stark’s mascot. You ain’t special, you’re just a pathetic orphan than no one gives a fuck about.”
“Zach, come on, don’t be like this…” Steve began trying to reach for him, but Zach was damn fast when he wanted to be, he shoved past Steve and dodged Pepper, kicked Rhodey in the shins and bolted for the door.
The nurse took Tony and Steve to a small family waiting room, offering them drinks of tea or coffee and getting them to sit down in the chairs provided. "Peter has been admitted to the Intensive Care ward where he is undergoing treatment for what appears to be a severe case of toxic shock." She explained to them, "We have been given information on the type of spider that bit him and thankfully it is not a venomous breed, however Peter's body has reacted violently to the bite. His body temperature has climbed dangerously high, and his airways became compromised. He has been intubated and put on a ventilator, we are also trying to bring his temperature down and are giving him drugs to combat the shock."
So far he hadn’t convinced Steve to push his chair really fast or to get a chair for himself to race him but he figured it was only a matter or time, Clint would be totally up for that, so would Zach and Peter.
“Get a sedative.” The nurse said to one of her colleagues. “And get the on call Doctor for the psych department.”
“I’m going to send you to a damn carnival side show!” Tony yelled at the Bott after one such incident, “You can spend the rest of your existence shooting at bullseyes so little kids can win stuffed toys!”
“Yes, yes we do.” Thor agreed, hoping that Zach wouldn’t ask him to explain any of the “Funny things” he’d had an excellent education on Asgard that had prepared him for practically anything. Dealing with a four-year-olds curiosity in regards to sex was not one of them.
However, despite his new aversion to oats, Zach was back to normal, and for a treat Tony took him and Peter to Coney Island for the day, letting him enjoy himself at the amusement park and stuff himself on candy floss, cookies, funnel cakes, and other sugar and grease laden junk food.
Since the team attracted so much attention and children adored them, they had all taken to going to the children’s ward for a couple of hours a day to spend time with the children, talking to them, helping them colour in, do jigsaw puzzles, and play with the few toys the hospital had.
“Shut it featherhead, no one wants your commentary.” Tony snarked, finally getting to raise his head as Natasha finished with the mascara, however his ordeal wasn’t over as it was time for the contouring, highlighting, concealing, and powdering.
Steve nodded, “It was. I was afraid and I felt very lost and alone. Part of me was happy, we had won the war, Hitler had been defeated and everything I had been fighting for had come about, albeit decades after the fall of Hitler.”
“Maybe he decided to stay in Switzerland.” He offered, “He’d probably have been wounded, needed time to heal. Maybe he heard of your death and decided that it was better to stay where he was, to build himself a new life, somewhere new.”
Tony jerked up and forced a smile, “I’m fine.” He said, “It was… not pleasant. Nor something I want to talk to you about.” He held up a hand when Peter went to protest, “That’s not what we need to talk about, it’s you that’s important here.”
“Not munchkin.” Zach said with a pout which quickly became a smile as Steve handed him his burger and a carton of fries, he gave Tony his burger and got out his own along with chicken nuggets, fries, and packets of ketchup. He also handed out drinks, a coke for Peter, a coffee for Tony, a vanilla milkshake for Zach and a chocolate shake for himself.
Bucky’s metal fist hit Cull in the gut, then the face, and he emptied his mk5 into the creature managing to puncture it’s flesh creating a wide wound that leaked a black blood. Cull roared, backhanding Bucky across the field, he slammed into a couple of chitauri as he went, grabbing the neck of one and snapping it, he wrestled with the others, getting one of their staff weapons and stabbing the other then shooting the first.
While Natasha and Clint experimented with getting free from their bonds, Tony twisted his left hand and wrist, ignoring the way his flesh tore and bled as the zip ties cut into his skin. He continued to twist until he managed to get his fingers pressing down on the subdermal implant he had there which summoned the suit to him.
“Even if we do find Bucky.” Steve said thickly, his throat seeming to tighten as he spoke. “He’ll be no better off, will he? He’ll spend the rest of his life in prison for murder.”
Tony shut himself in the bedroom to cry, not wanting any of the team and certainly not Zach or Peter to see him crying.
“Hmm, Papa Steve, I think that suits you.” Tony mused, shifting Lily’s weight a little, “So, we’ve only got any hour, where do you fancy going for lunch?”
“Ready to go?” Steve asked, all the luggage was packed up, Tony’s private jet was waiting at the airport, they were all finished with the hospital.
“Great, you take the one on the right, Nat, get the one in the middle, if I’m right he has a couple of knives strapped to his legs, get them, use them on him and our friends behind us if you can.”
“Just settle down in there, okay little one?” He said to the baby, “Mamma needs to think.” He gulped, he was calling himself Mamma? He was talking to the baby? Well, it was his baby, was inside him, moving, kicking, and he might not have been aware of this baby until now but it was still his and he felt connected to him or her.
“Ugh you see what happens?” Tony complained to no one in particular, “You have kids, you spend months, years even nurturing them, giving them the best of everything and as soon as they get a shiny new suit to play with they think they can walk all over you!”
It would be a pleasure to attack him when he was completely defenceless, crippled on a hospital bed, unable to do anything but scream.
More noise followed and then the boy spoke into the phone again, “He’s breathing into the bag, looks kind of like he’s puking into it from this angle, hey! He just flipped me off! You can’t flip me off I’m a kid!” despite the situation Steve couldn’t help but to grin at the boys commentary, no wonder he and Tony had hit it off.
It wasn’t a guarantee, his Omega-ologist had been very clear about that, but it would give him more of a chance than trying to get pregnant without the hormones would. This was increasing his ovulation, would make his ovaries work better.
“And that’s the downside to kids,” Tony said rolling his eyes, “They kill the mood completely.” He got up from the bed and grabbed his dressing gown, belting it about his waist and waited for Steve to cover his modesty before he opened the door and let Zach in.
“Tony that’s incredible!” on impulse Steve pulled Tony into a hug, leaping back when Tony groaned as the action cause his back to twinge. “I’m sorry, are you okay?”
Knocking on Peter’s bedroom door, Steve waited until Peter invited him in then strode through the door with a smile on his face.
“Gotcha.” Peter said hugging Ned again before retreating back to his own seat and grinned at Tony and Steve, “I think we’ll be okay now.”
Bruce would leave them to sleep, Peter would make them coffee and waft the cups under their noses to wake them up, Zach jumped on them and yelled at the top of his lungs for them to wake up.
Steve’s cheeks were red and his eyes were shining with laughter. It should have been insulting considering the fact that Steve was laughing at him, but Tony couldn’t feel insulted, not when that youthful face was so bright and so full of joy and was shining right at him, was filled with so much happiness because of him.
Tony stood up from the bench. His heart was thudding, and a cold sweat had broken out over his body. He staggered dizzily, losing his footing and falling to his knees, where he vomited onto the floor and himself.
Zach rolled off Tony’s side and lay on the bed staring at his Mamma, he was all pillow creases and bed head making him look twice as adorable as usual.
“I know.” Steve murmured, holding Zach with one hand just long enough to turn off the TV, then he cradled him again, making his way to the sofa, where he sat down, beckoning for Peter to join him.
“Lies, so many lies.” Tony said, he rolled over so he was facing the ceiling, “Maybe they will take after you, be blonde and blue eyed.”
“I also don’t want Peter and Zach paraded in front of the cameras.” Tony said firmly, “I’ll also demand that their faces be pixilated if they are caught on film. I can’t keep them from having their pictures out in the public completely but I don’t have to encourage it.” If he had been able he would have kept Zach and Peter away from the press completely. He knew how disruptive it could be to a childhood to have photographers lurking around all the time, and how frustrating the lack of privacy was and he didn’t want his kids to suffer that.
“I know I’m a disappointment to you. I know you wished that Howard were here and not me, and I know you blame me for everything that goes wrong…”
“I swear you do this on purpose!” He growled, taking off his jacket and folding it over his arm so it would drape over his erection that was trying to rip its way out of his pants, grinning unrepentantly Tony leaned forward to whisper into Steve’s ear,
“You underestimate Sir.” Jarvis said sounding commiserating, “Sir was merely unhappy that he had not been present for the shooting of fruit and other objects.”
“What Wanda did was wrong,” Steve said, rubbing his thumbs over Tony’s fingers, “And my treatment of you was wrong.” He wouldn’t let Tony cut him off, “It was Tony. I let Thor nearly strangle you, I threw my shield at you. Both of those things could have killed you.” The thought of Tony being dead made his stomach turn over, made his heart clench in fear. Tonight he had come so close to losing Tony, if he had been just a second later then Tony would have fallen and Steve would have see his broken body on the street below.
“I could help,” Steve offered, “Although I’d like to head to Brooklyn and get my clothes. No offence Mr Hogan..”
“Sss’eve…” It was a whisper, hoarse, weak, horribly weak. Steve felt Tony’s body tense and give the smallest movement which resulted in a high pitch strangled whine of pain that set Steve’s nerves on edge.
“Stop him!” Rhodey shouted as he clutched his aching leg, Steve ran for Zach but the boy ran out of the door and tore down the corridor to the stair well.
They had decided to make the trip when they did to get away from the press for a while. Since news of Norman Osborn’s complicity in the human experimentation had broken along with the news of his subsequent escape and disappearance, the press had been hounding the family, wanting interviews, comments, pictures, soundbites, everything.
“I do,” Steve enthused, “He’s already told me his favourite flowers are Carnations so I know to get a bouquet of them, I also know he likes junk food, rock ‘n’ roll, heavy metal, sports cars, most genres of movies and books, so choosing a movie to take him to won’t be difficult, but I’d like to know what sort of restaurant to take him to, how fancy the date should be, if it should be suits or something more relaxed, if we should go for drinks first, or if we should go to a bar after dinner…” He gave Rhodey helpless, making the Colonel chuckle again.
Of course the alternative was that Tony had to fight for their rights, fight to protect them, well, he was prepared to fight, the problem was he didn’t have a direct enemy to fight now. This was bureaucracy, it was politics, it was legalities and trying to find compromise with people who thought they knew everything about the argument when they were only seeing one side of it.
Tony shrugged, “All better now you’re here, Stellina.” Satisfied, Zach rested his head on Tony’s shoulder and began to run his fingers through Tony’s hair while Tony spoke with Peter, who was not so easily appeased, knowing what broken bones meant.
As the phone cut off Ross dialled another number, this time calling Senator Stern, “Don’t let the judges sign the warrant for another twelve hours or have any agreements made on immunity. Norman needs time to get away.”
They were as shocked and horrified as Tony had been when Steve recounted his tale of what had happened to his world, the utter destruction that Thanos had brought, and how Steve and Lily had barely escaped with their lives.
“Mr Stark! OhmyGod, its really you, I am such a huge fan of you and Iron Man, you are like my ultimate hero, you are so super cool!” Spider Man cried, “Is that baby Lily? Oh my God she is so cute, she looks like you! Well that makes sense she is technically your daughter isn’t she? Do you think she’ll grow up to be a superhero? Well how could she not when she’s your daughter? And Captain America! Wow, you’re so big I mean like really big!” he made hand gestures at his shoulders meaning Steve’s impressive musculature. He looked between Steve and Tony and cocked his head, “Are you two like… you know,” Again came the hand gestures and Tony closed his eyes and let out a deep exhale.
“Thank you agent Barton.” Jarvis replied, “I also have extraction plans in place for your family in case of an emergency, a pre-programmed Jet will collect them from your farm and fly them to Sirs safe house in Casablanca should the need ever arise, and the sum of three million dollars will be converted to local currency and made immediately available for your use.”
Bruce coughed into his fist and suddenly became very interested in the journal he was reading and Happy babbled something about needing to check on the security roster making a strategic exit,
“Have the lights dimmed too Jarvis.” He said to the AI, “Peter’s not handling light too well either.”
He wished he could be brave, wished he could be strong, wished he wasn’t so scared. He wanted to make his Mamma and Daddy proud of him, but he hurt so much, and he was so frightened all he wanted to do now was to go home.
He managed to catch a two hours sleep before Zach was up and running into the lounge to jump all over him and demand blueberry pancakes for breakfast.
“The bars and pubs that we went to on our downtime during the war,” Steve replied, “And Tony, my Tony gave me a few pointers. I take it your Steve didn’t dance with you?”
The team were gathered in the common area. Natasha had told Wanda that Steve had a morning training session planned which the Sokovian had believed without hesitation, she didn’t realize anything was wrong until she saw Tony at Steve’s side.
Thankfully they team got off at the next stop and he and Steve were left alone after that, both eagerly heading out to Tony’s car.
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked as Tony took him into his bedroom, the one place Steve hadn’t been into yet. He noted the clothing laying on the floor, the plasma screen running on silent showing the current stock market, the unmade double king size bed with pillows, sheets, and a duvet tossed every which way. Tony was may things; a good housekeeper was not one of them.
“I know.” Steve said, “But you are the closest he has to a Guardian, even if it is unofficial and I would like to have your blessing before I proceed.”
The plastic pistol had been easily hidden inside her bra, the darts had been hidden under her broad silver wrist cuff so the guards had thought that it had only been the cuff that had set the alarm off as she had been wanded without any other alarms.
“You are welcome Mr Stark.” The detective said rising up and holding out his hand for Tony and Steve to shake, “I hope Doctor Curien has a much less pleasant night than my own.”
In spite of himself and the situation Steve smiled slightly, no matter what the situation, the danger, the risk, this team would stand together, a family in all but blood ready to kill or die to defend their own.
After a tearful goodbye, Tony turned back to Steve, Thor, and Hulk, who pretended they couldn’t see the tears in his eyes or the tracks down his cheeks, “Let’s get this finished then,” He said, with a shaky smile, “Then, we’ll pick up Shwarma and head to the Mansion in Long Island, Zach hasn’t tried Shwarma yet but I’ll bet he’ll love it.”
That did seem likely, but Steve had no more reason to trust Stark than he did Fury, besides, Shield had been good to him so far, Stark had been nothing but contemptuous, although, that seemed to be his default so Steve wasn’t taking it personally. He was being nice to Banner though, pointy things aside.
“Well first you can start eating and drinking again, you can be honest when we ask how you are feeling, and you can just let us be around you.” Steve said, “The rest will take care of itself.”
“Zach let your Mamma sleep some more.” Steve said, “We’ll go and make some pancakes and then we’ll shower, put on sunscreen, and go to the beach. Your Mamma can join us later.”
At the park they split into two teams. Zach insisted he be on Steve’s team with Sam, and Clint. While Peter was on Tony’s team with Natasha. Bruce opted to act as referee not wanting Hulk to become over excited by the activity.
The majority of people who responded to the photos were positive, adoring the image of Zach in his Iron Man pyjamas, hair all tussled and bright, cheeky grin beaming with pride as he raised a tiny fist to the sky. Some however had to disapprove, saying that Tony was using his Son to promote Iron Man or The Avengers, that play fighting was irresponsible and was a bad influence on children as they would come to think of violence as being normal, even though the worst injury Zach was likely to get from tussling with Steve was sore muscles from laughing so much, as Steve had quickly found all of Zachs ticklish spots and frequently had the boy rolling around the floor in fits of laughter.
To keep to his quiet, simple life in Bucharest with Winter, enjoying plums and whatever tasty pastry the old Lady gave him for helping her with her shopping.
“Coffee,” Tony said, pouring himself a large cup full and choking on it when his name was screeched, “Of fuck me I’m dead.”
"Hmm We stand firm!" Tony gasped moaning and squirming as Steve thrust inside him, "We shall not surrender until the last seed of our courage has been spent!"
“Come on,” he said, giving this new Steve a friendly smile, “Let’s go and see if I’ve anything we can give her until the baby foods delivered,” blinking back the tears that were shining in his brilliant blue eyes, Steve nodded his head, following Tony out of the lab and up into the common area.
Tony leaped away from Wade as if he’d been stung, and glared at the Merc. Crossing his arms over his chest in an effort to retain some modesty, poor Peter was looking everywhere but at him, his cheeks flushed and teenage embarrassment obviously making the situation uncomfortable for him.
Steve had no idea and Tony didn’t intend for him to ever find out, not if he could help it, but with these symptoms it was growing increasingly hard to hide.
“Yeah and something else, something, that if it works could potentially change the lives of thousands.” Tony said, his eyes gleaming with excited delight,
“And what about a crazed serial killer attacking us in the night?” Steve teased with a grin as he got himself stripped down to his boxers. He already knew that if the boys started demanding anything and it wasn’t a medical emergency then Tony would send him out to deal with it.
“Can you like climb up onto the ceiling and make webs?” Ned asked, “Can you wrap things up in webs?”
Steve glared at her, “I think it’ll be you and Rogers getting arrested, Romanoff.” He snarled at her. As he carefully helped Tony to get to his feet.
On the field Clint was taking aim at one of the bunkers that hadn’t been destroyed by Thor and Tony when he was struck by something moving at blinding speed, he changed position and was knocked off his feet.
“The world is doomed.” Tony said dramatically to Steve who was watching Natasha interacting with Emma, the two were playing dolls, but it was not a pleasant game. Natasha was showing Emma how the dolls could be badass and kick ass and how the high heeled shoes could be used as a deadly weapon as they could be stabbed into a persons eye.
“Where are all the foxes and badgers?” Zach asked looking around the woods, he’d seen a couple of rabbits and tried to catch them but they’d been too fast for him.
Steve wished he could help, he was enhanced himself and he had struggled at first to control his strength having not been used to the sudden abilities he’d had. He had lost count of door handles he’d accidently ripped off, the glasses he’d broken. He’d been afraid of touching anyone at first for fear of breaking their bones by squeezing too hard. He had at least had the benefit of being fully grown and not having to deal with the stress of puberty on top of that, being flooded with raging hormones along with enhancement would have been a nightmare, one that poor Peter was having to face right now and Steve really didn’t know how to help him.
Steve chuckled and kissed Tony’s head, he knew that Tony was joking but a part of him wished they could keep Peter and Zach small. They seemed to grow up so fast, Peter especially, it was way too fast, all too soon they’d be completely grown up and going off to college and living their own lives.
The two of them had been talking well into the night, comparing the differences between Steve’s world and this one. Apparently it hadn’t been the Avengers who had found him and thawed him out in this world, it had been Shield, and for a time this worlds Steve Rogers had worked for Shield, which, had been infested by Hydra. He and the Black Widow had taken down Hydra, but also destroyed Shield in the process and compromised America’s national security.
“Oh baby boy.” Tony whispered, “What were you thinking, why would you get yourself into so much trouble?” He asked Peter, “Don’t you know that you didn’t need to prove anything to us, that we are proud of you anyway?”
He gave up trying to appear brave, gave up trying to hide his fear, he tipped his head and screamed for Tony, for Steve, for all of the Avengers to come and save him.
Steve flushed a little and some how managed to pull off an adorable ‘Oh shucks’ look despite being in his late thirties.
“A bath together sounds wonderful.” Tony said with a smile, with his face softening Steve leaned in for a kiss but Tony stopped him with a palm to his chest, “Let me clean my teeth.” He said, “My mouth tastes like something died inside it!”
“Hopefully they’ll write something positive.” Tony said, putting on his seat belt, “They should, they’ll get a lot of stick if they are thought to be discriminating against the disabled or poking fun.”
“Um, yeah, I guess.” Tony murmured, he knew vaguely of Alpha courting, but he had never experienced it himself, he’d been married off to Obie, there had been no need for Obie to woo him as the contract had been signed and sealed already.
“And I can do that while I design a new armour.” Tony said, “And while we’re at it I need a coffee, I am serious caffeine deprived and going into withdrawal, so chop chop Cap, get me my coffee, a tablet, and my brain child!”
Tony shook his head after a few moments, “Not ones who would have had opportunity the way Hydra would, if they had prior knowledge of the attack.” He glanced up at the camera nearest him, “J, look through SI employees, those who have taken a recent leave of absence or resigned their job. Discount holidays and Maternity or Paternity leave.”
He was going to have to lay off the cookies, mince pies, and yule log come New Year, and start putting some hours in at the gym.
Peter watched at the Doctor checked the body over, “Dead, have the body moved to my private lab, I want to do a full autopsy and determine cause of death.”
Tony had figured they’d rent out a cabin at a resort, where he could sleep in a proper bed, and get back to nature while still having creature comforts, like a toilet, a shower, and a proper roof over his head. But no, he was going to be doing this properly, with only a tent over his head, using boiled water to wash in, water that would have to be collected from the lake or from the bottles they’d bought, and toilet trips would have to be behind a tree or bush.
“It’s patient 087.” Doctor Curian said heading to the tentacle guy’s cage, “He must have broken his restraints and tried to escape.”
“He’ll have a thick ear in a minute.” The spat on man snarled, he pulled back his arm ready to strike Zach but Maya caught it before the blow could fall.
The bullet had been removed successfully, it had pierced his large intestine but the surgeons had been able to repair the damage, for now he was on a temporary colostomy to give the wound and organ a chance to heal, but would be able to get rid of the bag once he had recovered.
While they had managed to calm Peter down, Tony was still worried and tense as he and Steve went to bed that night.
“Quite.” Pepper said, “But for the most part people are curious about you all. They have been given some information, but they are hungering for more. While you all have the right to remain private, that does run the risk of having false stories created which you would find hard to dispel as so little else would be known about you. Also a refusal to participate in meeting your public runs the risk of offending them as it could be seen as if you think yourselves as better than them.”
“Indeed,” Jarvis said, “Though not quite as terribly as last night. Now nightmares following a trauma are not unusual, in fact they are to be expected as the subconscious mind deals with what had happened, my main concern beyond Sir’s mental and emotional well being, is the witch.”
“The hell you will.” Tony didn’t have time to react before he was being thrown across the lawn by Wanda’s magic. Having been drawn outside by the fight the other Avengers stood ready to defend Steve against Tony.
“Well fuck me and leave me fifty on the dresser, if I’d have known I’d be seeing two Captain Amazing Assess wrestling, I’d have got dressed up!”
Three coconuts sailed through the air and smashed into the walls completely missing the targets but smashing on impact spilling milk over the already filthy floor.
“I didn’t lie!” Rogers protested. “And… I didn’t say anything for your own good.” Tony scoffed, glaring down at Rogers through the face plate,
Bucky’s court hearing came six months after he’d come to Tony. He pleaded not guilty to the charges of murder and terrorism on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to the extensive torture and brain washing he’d been subject to thanks to Hydra.
“I could baby sit if you ever do want to go out.” Steve offered, his voice sounded oddly tight and there was a pinched look to him as if he wasn’t really happy about the thought of Tony going out with someone.
Since Tony seemed incapable of doing so, Steve thanked the nurse, she instructed them to use the call button on the wall if they needed anything and then left them alone.
“Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. We all know this and Avengers know it too. Steve Rogers, Captain America is keen to make sure his team and family get a nutritious start to the day.”
“Dude, gross much.” Harley made gagging noises and batted Tony’s hand away when he ruffled his hair.
“We had fish for dinner, Daddy caught them with a spear.” Zach told Rhodey, “And we made a raft that I rode on, and went on a big climb, and this lizard sat on me and Peter said it would eat me!”
But it was there, right at the back of his mind, tormenting him, reminding him that Tony’s life might be slipping away as he sat there watching the clock hands move. Every time the doors opened and the doctors came through might be the time they came to say they were sorry and that there was nothing they could do.
“Rogers did his basic training here.” Natasha said, “Its in his file.” At Clint’s blank look she rolled her eyes, the day Clint Barton did the reading was the day the world began to revolve backwards.
Curien awoke in pain. His arm, or rather where his arm had been was a blaze of agony. His leg wasn’t much better and his abdomen ached with every inhale and exhale.
“We’ll keep it to just a couple of nights a week.” MJ said, “Just a couple of hours, three at the most.”
