John could only nod. The owner brought out a tray with two matching rings, "They are titanium with charcoal inlay. Titanium is fairly indestructible, so it's popular among soldiers, funeral directors, firefighters, anyone in dangerous or messy lines of work." He gestured for each man to try theirs on. John's fit perfectly, and it was incredibly light.
"This one reminds me of your eyes," John said gently, "May I place it on my sporran to remind me of you? To remind
"Sherlock, I'm here. I'm here," He was tethered to John's voice. He breathed again, taking another sip, starting again.
"You love my hair," Sherlock grinned, rolling his eyes up as he tried to pick some lubricant out of his fringe, "You can't stop touching it, even when your hands are disgusting."
Sherlock heard the clanging of a wrench against a light, "Can't quite hear you, Irene, be down one sec,"
John looked at Sherlock, then moved closer to him, linking their fingers together, "You okay if I go down and cook you all breakfast?"
After two hours of painting and patching the wall, he hadn't heard much from Sherlock and Hamish. John had determined immediately that he'd be responsible for both of his boys in making sure they were fed and taken care of. He was resigned that he would need to interrupt their work in the lab frequently to remind them to eat and sleep. He knocked on the door of Hamish's bedroom and lab. There was no answer. He knocked again. Nothing. John opened the door and found the room empty except for paperwork strewn across the floor. Anything graphic was strategically covered with post it notes, but the large color photographs were clearly from a murder scene, and at first glance some type of murder suicide. John huffed in a breath and crossed his arms when he noticed yellow pads covered in both Hamish's detailed print and Sherlock's scrawl.
John gave Sherlock an apologetic look, then tilted his head as he listened. Sherlock could just hear the voice of Greg and the deeper voice of Mycroft on the other line.
John throws his arm over his eyes to shield himself from the light. Jesus, why does he feel drugged. Too much adrenaline, anger, and guilt over a short amount of time? Sherlock is rubbing his hands up and down his biceps, his arms, "John, are you ok?"
"Who will protect John?" His voice is low, John feels the cello vibrations in his own chest. He takes Sherlock's hand.
"Sherlock," Daemon called after him as he bolted up the large cement stairway. Sherlock didn't hear him as he swung open the double doors into the lobby. He was nearly arrested himself as he demanded to speak with the detectives on the case.
They do not speak. They stare at one another. Mycroft is vibrating, jaw clenched. He appears just as the day John brought Sherlock home from the crack house.
"Mycroft, the same can be said of me. Trust me. I will do whatever it takes. I won't survive otherwise."
Mrs. Watson was positioned so she could see both Sherlock sitting next to her and John cooking at the grill. She called back over to John, "Are you sure you don't want us to work on coffee?"
The ring was slipped onto John's finger, and the tray was nearly tipped as Sherlock crawled around him on the bed and kissed him. Hamish jumped up and down, grinning, interrupting the kiss. "Daddy, daddy, are you happy, daddy? I know you probably wanted to propose but papa loves you so much he couldn't wait."
"You," John said, crowding Sherlock up against the brick wall in the alley, "Are a brilliant artist. Amazing. No one ever notices those additions and they're my favorites," John kissed Sherlock, running his hands up his ribs and chest, lightly teasing his fingertips over his nipples. Sherlock moaned, grinding his pelvis into John's.
After he had stopped laughing, Sherlock laid back on the grass rather than listening to John's pleas to leave. He had an itch in his chest to keep talking with John, alone.
John led him, by the hand, gesturing to him that he would sit at the chair across from him, but next to Hamish. The table was set with a mismatched set of dishes and chairs. He couldn't remember the last time this many people, the last time anyone, had come over to eat with him. He didn't spoil the moment by explaining most of the dishes had been used at one time or another for experiments. He made a mental note to get more dishes and silverware, in case they stayed, in case they moved in.
"You are mine, Sherlock Holmes. Your beautiful skin, your beautiful tall, lovely body, wrapped in this Watson tartan. I will take you, you are mine."
Sherlock coughed. John heard the rustle of paper, "I bought you something. But the wrapping may get ruined in the humidity. I'll take it to my room."
Sherlock slows the pace as much as he can, but it's turned into a wrestling match. The more Sherlock pulls back for slower thrusts the harder John pushes with his legs. Sherlock relents, matching John's rhythm. As Sherlock breathes heavily, moaning John's name, John reaches back to grab the headboard for leverage. As Sherlock adjusts his hips, stroking John on each withdrawal, John wills himself to breathe out of his nose and mouth.
anyone, really, just knock them out, I think I've got the chemical ratio correct. But, I need a lab with a ventilation thingy and safety googles and I need a new chemistry book, the last one got eaten up by something, not sure, it turned blue and ended up a blob under the bed-"
"Commander Mycroft and I were planning this for weeks. Mycroft has been for longer; since Magnussen had you on his radar. I made you pay attention to me and not to our planning. I was distracting you. You almost destroyed the entire mission and put lives at risk by jumping in. You will not-"
Mycroft loves their parents, but there was a rift so deep it took years to fix. Sherlock was always sensitive and loved animals, but also loved morbid experiments and the macabre. He never had friends, and when Redbeard died, they'd gotten Sherlock some counseling. His father, in a slip of judgement, had an affair with the therapist. Pedestrian. Plebeian. Idiotic.
"Are you cold, my prince?" John smiles, humming into his ear. He leaves him for a moment; tossing the used cloth in the bathroom, grabbing clean pants and bottoms for himself from his room. He returns, digging through Sherlock's drawers for something warmer for him. It is turning to mid morning, but winter is beginning to settle. The flat is chilly.
Hamish grinned and ran out of the kitchen. He turned back and ran back to Sherlock. "Mr. Detective, daddy wants to talk to
"Please stop staring. It's rude. It's like eavesdropping. You're upsetting Sherlock. I don't need him cranky this early in the morning," She turned on her heel and returned to her chair, both interpreters settling in as the nurse went to the podium to check the mic to begin the session.
Sherlock looked at John with open, tender adoration. Step by agonizing step, the three slowly limped into the flat, then Sherlock's bedroom. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson slowly lowered John onto Sherlock's bed. In a fit of triumph, Sherlock declared, "I know you're tired, John. I'll do everything. You don't have to leave my bed for weeks if you don't want to do so."
After plans were set for Mrs. Hudson, Greg pulled Sherlock and John aside, "We can watch Hamish, if you'd like. So you two can go on a proper date."
John reached over him into the bedside table, finding the bottle of lube. He flipped the lid open, spilling a fair amount on Sherlock's side. Sherlock barked out a laugh, dragging his fingers through the cool liquid.
The DI gave the information and John got off the phone and pulled up his contacts. It had been a few months since he'd seen Greg, but he was hopeful he still was in touch with Molly. She might be able to reach Sherlock.
Sherlock stood up, wiping off his face one last time. He held out his hands to help his mother up off the floor. When William stood up, Sherlock looked at both of them.
"I like that your name is Sherlock Holmes. It's weird, like mine. I get made fun of. Did you get made fun of for your name?" Hamish had sat back down, pulling his chair right up to Sherlock's nose again, "Should I call you Mr. Holmes, or Mr. Detective? I'm not sure what's proper-"
He peeks through the curtains. The sun is just starting to rise up and turn part of the sky a lighter blue. 4:30 am.
Instead of saying anything else, or looking at Sherlock, John ate. His eyes were on his plate, the only sound his fork scraping the ceramic. He waited for a response from Sherlock. He could dismiss the idea as silly. He could scrap everything. But he would know, by the look on John's face, by the way he was willing to take this plan even further from what Sherlock was thinking, that he wanted, or that he was willing.
"Show me." John demanded, grabbing their towels, throwing them on the floor. John did his best to grab Sherlock's waist and pull him close so they were touching, chest to pelvis, and reached up to cup his face with his palm. John loved this man. Had loved him for years. They'd waited enough.  John grabbed his hand, pulling him into their bedroom. Sherlock protested, but John shushed him with a passionate kiss as he pulled him into the room and laid him on the bed.
John felt the push before he saw it. One moment he was looking at his liath-uaine eyes, the next, he was pinned beneath Sherlock, a long forearm grinding down against his throat, a sharp knee threatening his groin.
Sherlock looked at Greg, reading him. He'd noticed Greg had asked him a couple times during the day how he was doing. Not outside his normal scope of checking on him, as Sherlock's friend for five years and now Mycroft's husband, but it could indicate he knew about John and Sherlock.
"Oh, Sherlock," Moriarty interjects in his sing-song drawl, "What a cute pet you have. Look at how dressed up and sweet your lover boy and brother look in their little army outfits. With their fighting men all around them."
Sherlock turned his head when he heard creaking floorboards. Hamish was up, still in pajamas, carrying a blanket and holding onto a stuffed elephant that looked very well loved. Sherlock had forgotten, with the way he spoke, and carried himself, that he was still a little boy.
John, looked quite different, and much younger, without the mustache. After they were alone, he crossed the room the stand in front of Sherlock. They'd been dancing around each other, unconsciously avoiding each other, as they'd separately gotten ready.
The fire had nearly died down when William had shaken Sherlock awake, "It is time, my lord, the rest of your family is congregating in the flowered part of the meadow."
The husbands gathered each other close, sleeping the day away in each other's arms. As Sherlock slept, he slept peacefully to the rhythm of John's heartbeat, the smell of lavender and the scent of rain falling on Scottish pasture.
Greg turned and looked at John, raising his eyes to also watch the man's hands flying through signs as Molly sat a moment to rest. Greg shook his head at John, "You are an idiot. What kind of question is that? Who the fuck cares. Pay attention to the seminar."
As he side stepped into the door, he held his breath so he could hear more clearly. The home was asleep, except for Billy. He'd been keeping watch alternating with Sherlock, John, Mycroft.  Sherlock's parents had immediately given John and Sherlock rooms that connecting with an adjoining door.
"Daddy, Mr. Detective?" He looked up at them, his eyebrows together. His hair was especially bright blonde today, almost translucent. His freckles were hidden today under his reddened cheeks. John knew he'd also had freckles when he was younger, but they'd faded over time. He hoped Hamish's would stay.
John wills himself to breathe, to stop the hiccuping sobs that broke through. He's never cried like that in front of anyone. He expects the entire cafe to be gawking at him, but he imagines a large display of emotion from him may seem quite normal to anyone else.
During breakfast, Hamish sat right next to Sherlock, giving him more advice about his father. "He doesn't like to talk about death, as he's a doctor, so he's the enemy of death." Sherlock looked up at John, raising his eyebrows. John ate another bite of pancake then gestured with his fork for Hamish to continue. "So I don't know if daddy will approve of me helping with the case but I'd like to help. I was just pulling up that case to distract you from pain while daddy was hugging you-"
Sherlock pulls on a pair of shorts, sits on the bed, and takes the phone back, sitting close enough for their knees to touch. John holds up a finger for Sherlock to wait, and he puts on his pants, unsure if Sherlock is going to begin to dress and start to hint that it's time for him to go home. Instead, Sherlock gives a bright smile and types another phrase.
John hugged Sherlock to himself, allowing his head to fall onto his chest.  Sherlock sighed, rubbing his hand up and down John's back. They didn't hear Hamish walk up beside them.
John looked up at the scaffolding. Anderson was dangling, his body wrapped up in the wood and the metal frame. How long ago had this happened? Five minutes? Ten minutes?
The days with John and Hamish seemed a dream. He hadn't heard John's voice in days. If he didn't have the text messages he would've thought he'd dreamt the chase, the ribs, the kisses.
Mrs. Hudson beamed, "Well, get ready. I will stall them. Old lady in a robe never scandalized anyone."
"Did you call 911?" John barked at Harry. She replied by holding up her phone. John went to the scaffold, but he didn't dare climb it. Any movement, any jostle, would cause the tangle of limbs and wood to crash against Anderson's windpipe. He looked slightly blue as it was. Everything was so silent, the only sound was the wheeze of Anderson's breathing and the nervous pacing of Harry in the house.
"John!" Sherlock cried. His betrothed's voice, his scent, the memories finally registering, "Yes, I took you to my secret place. With your horses. And then-"
John knew months of physical therapy and rehab awaited him. He could only stand doing that much work if he were at home, with his
"Oh, Sherlock, you lovely..." John pulled Sherlock's fabric, exposing Sherlock's expanse of skin. He ran his fingers from Sherlock's shins up his thighs, massaging, and kissing up and down his jaw and neck, "Why did you never tell me, why didn't you say, I tried everything..."
John feels sad, but relieved. Easier, much easier. Just her life. He feels a twinge that he has no guilt, but he considers Sherlock. Who he almost lost.
"The timing will need to be right. You may need to string her along, to let her think there is a chance...for you two to reconcile. To give me time to work. Stay with Sherlock for now, but there may be a time...you may need her to believe you are forgiving her."
"I know," John finally says, "I know." The doctor comes in, a young man who is bright, and cheery, and who has never grieved a day in his life. Sherlock will hate him, tear him to pieces, but surprisingly Sherlock is silent. John finally squeezes Sherlock's hand, tells him "I'll go out and make a call, update Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock knows, he's calling Mycroft. He doesn't argue. The doctor begins prattling, a nurse enters with morphine, and John leaves Sherlock for a few moments. He clenches his jaw as he enters the hallway, calling Mycroft, formulating how he's going to begin his battle plan.
John wakes, urgently needing to use the restroom. He tries to pull himself up, but his legs are wobbly and his arms shake; there's an IV pole in his way. He feels Sherlock pull away from him and come over to his side, walking with him and pushing along the IV pole.
Victoria took Sherlock's face in her hands, looking in his eyes, "I want you to like him. To feel safe. I want you to have a choice," she sighed, pushing his hair out of his eyes, "But we are somewhat bound."
In the soft glow of the lamp, Sherlock turned over and looked at John. He was beautiful. His hair, his eyes, his chest, the golden hair that trailed from his stomach down to his pelvis where his cock stood at attention. Sherlock's mouth was dry, "Why, why are you here with me? You are so gorgeous, John."
"Sherlock, please, fuck me," it comes out as a whine; he's grinding against his hipbone trying to reach Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock turns, looks down at him, pulling his chin up for another slow, sweet kiss. The more John pushes for friction, the slower Sherlock kisses back. He runs his fingers in small circles across John's shoulders.
"Yes, do you like it? I do like that they match," John moved closer. He was marrying the man he loved, a man he'd never kissed. He stood on his tiptoes to kiss Sherlock on the cheek, feeling Sherlock's face warm under his lips.
tell you. I have to…it won't be good, if I didn't try my best. To make sure you knew," John ran his fingers through his hair, "Hamish would never forgive me. And Hamish, Hamish
As they were kissing, lazily, John untangles himself from Sherlock and led him to the shower. Even though they had been naked with one another, made love to one another, Sherlock seemed shy and unsure.
Robert pulls Mycroft's left hand to his fingers, and kisses every knuckle, "I'll be safe. Birth family will be in the Czech Republic. If the government sends me away as a rogue operative, I'll have my protection, and come back soon. But, I won't go without you as my husband. Marry me. I'll come back to you. This plate has our first official date and a message for you, since we can't have rings," Robert pulls out a necklace out of his pocket. It's thick, silver, with a plate on it:
They rounded the north side and saw more than a dozen men in old kilts, shirtless, gleaming with sweat. They pulled stones, piling them and placing them to minimize gaps in the walls. Cemented mud filled in any cracks. Sherlock caught John's eye. He was measuring out a room wall standing in the middle of the partially built foundation. He walked up to Sherlock, grinning brightly. He turned and gestured in the direction of the buildings, "What do you think?"
Sherlock moved, leaning away from John, "So, it's just, staying, whatever makes-" Sherlock didn't finish his sentence. He jumped off of the reclining deck chair and moved toward the bow of the ship, near the observation deck, and turned the corner. He was walking briskly, with his hands in his pockets and his head down.
"Well, this is an imitation or we got the wrong killer. I've got to go meet with Lestrade and see what is going on."
Sherlock wrinkled his brow, "But we don't have any family jewels. We have some gold, but no large jewels. And if we did, why would you want people you hardly know putting their hands all over them?"
Sherlock put his hand up. John recalled when they were in Magnussen's building, and Sherlock shushed John as he proposed to Janine through a security camera. Was this all fake, and now he felt guilt? Had he just been playing a role the entire time, and there was no longer any need for the ruse?
"I'm going to talk with Mary..." John feels Sherlock tense and try to get up, "Wait, wait. Let me explain.  I love you. I am seeing her, in a public place, because I think she's more dangerous without hope. I want you to be safe. I'd like to tell her you're still at hospital, and hide you somewhere. Maybe in a town with a rehab hospital?" John keeps his head down, kissing Sherlock, rubbing circles into his ribs.
John went back to the hotel, drank some water and laid on the bed, wondering how he had changed from being a decorated war veteran injured in battle to an abrasive man who slept with anyone who approached him at a conference. The old John Watson would have gotten along with Molly or Sherlock, and would've appreciated all the new information for his field. He wouldn't have been so spectacularly bored that he would've felt the need to act like a child. The old John Watson would be appalled at the current version of himself.
"I was terrified I was going to be witness to your murder that night," John was now rubbing gentler circles on his back, and he scooted further away so they could look at each other, "That man was insane with how fast he was crawling up you. I hadn't seen that type of surgical blade before."
He tried to scream, but he didn't know if it would come out loud, or as a squeak, or a whisper, but he said it, over and over, hoping Sherlock would hear him.
"I'm going with him," John yells over his shoulder at Mary. Sherlock relaxes, the signaling stops; he closes his eyes now, leaning back into the staff's arms. They put him on a stretcher, folded up so his legs are tucked, and begin the awkward navigation down the stairs. John clenches and unclenches his left fist as he walks past Mary, walking as far away from her as the room and space will allow. He is as close to Sherlock as he can possibly get, and one of the men in the bright green coats has to gently push him on the shoulder to get some more room to turn the gurney. John rubs his eyes tiredly, how many times, Jesus....
Sherlock turned around. John looked, as always, handsome, but his eyes were bloodshot and his shoulder was drooping. He clenched and unclenched his fist in an afford to stop it from trembling.
Hamish smiled brightly at them, sitting in a chair across from them, swinging his legs, "This is where the clients sit."
"I love you, and we're going to make love, properly," John said firmly, "I can't exert myself too much, but I want to be connected to you."
Even though he knows Mycroft and half the British government is listening, before he hangs up he says "Imagine I'm kissing you goodbye."
John drove his car down the small paved road, then to the gravel road back to the Holmes' quaint cottage. These normal, comforting, darling parents that lived in this quiet home would be his in-laws.
John and Sherlock began crying, again, tears running down their faces as they smiled. They kissed each other, tasting the salt and saliva. At that moment, Hamish stepped out of the laboratory. He was wearing his new black fireproof apron, his adult sized eye goggles, and a lit flame torch in one hand and blackened pig's ear held with pliers in the other.
John spent the evening in the bar, drinking whiskey. The captain's assistant came up to him, and sat too close to him. He did his best to move his bar stool away from her before he realized the stool was bolted to the floor.
Sherlock is not as comfortable with guns as he believes he should be. He's killed, while dismantling Moriarty's network, while running cases with John he's kept John's gun with him at times, but he doesn't trust himself. He's too impulsive. A former junkie, he's afraid with his addictive personality he may get too used to using it rather than his wits. He may become too dependent on getting out of a situation with a bullet rather than skill.
"Sherlock." He pops the 'k' in his name, an obvious and annoying imitation. Sherlock can't keep his eyes from rolling. A knee jerk reaction.
He's avoided Mary who has stayed in the living room reading. When she does move, she makes a large production of getting in and out of chairs with her large belly.
"We've ordered a helicopter. A med-evac." The lead EMT barked at Harry. Everyone could always tell she was clearly the one in charge.
John finds a beautiful, sunny field with wild flowers. He walks through it, the grasses up to his thighs, running his fingers over the tops of the grass. John twirls himself in circles in the grass, takes a few purple blooms and tucks them behind his ear. He's smiling, and then is giggling. This is ridiculous. This is grand.
Charles Augustus Magnussen smacks his lips. (This, the destruction of the Holmes brothers, this will be his greatest masterpiece).
He preferred his time alone, his time to explore and run and pick out various leaves and animals from the creeks that surrounded their home. For most clan weddings, he was able to avoid them. An animal was close to escaping, or he would explain how he had gotten lost, or he would simply wander away in the middle of the ceremony.
"Sherlock is family. I'll do whatever it takes to keep him out of the sights of Mary. Magnussen." Robert pauses to look out the window again, "Taking care of these problems will be my privilege. My file, Mycroft. It's half empty. There are skills I have that you and Sherlock don't have. I will take the responsibility. Trust me. Assassins took out my biological family and Magnussen has haunted my adoptive one. Hinting at child trafficking; purchasing babies for adoption. Now, he's threatening those I love."
"Until Christmas. A little over 4 months. And you will pass notes back and forth through me, with possibly a few visits, as that will be normal. But you will be busy misleading Mary. Your seeming innocence, John, and Sherlock's absence, will lull her into a false sense of security."
He goes into a cafe, making sure he's in a corner, facing out. It reminds him of the time, months ago, when he'd first confronted Mary, smashing chairs.
One of the firemen carried a huge bag, a jaws of life and a car saw. John didn't understand. Why did the firefighter have a saw? The EMTs held onto Anderson, his head lolling to one side. The firefighter turned on the saw. As he turned his body, John saw what the firefighter was after.
Mycroft mutters (Yells? Pleads?) at John but he ignores him. He marches off the plane, walks a half mile (miles?) down the runway and down a grassy ramp to a hidden path with a few trees at the far end of the runway. John is thirsty, and tired, so he just lays down in the grass, in the shade. The sky was turning pink, fading into evening.
His objective today, in a variation of his Shezza outfit, is to scour the streets of London for any clues on Mary Morstan or her former aliases. He is missing John with a deep ache today, and he's angry at himself for his addiction, so he keeps to himself as much a as he can. He's glad he's decided against carrying a gun; he'd be shooting at anyone or anything.
Irene dismissed herself, and John brought Sherlock with him into the wood-shop to begin measuring and reading the set designer's draft. John was easy to speak with, and Sherlock felt himself relaxing fairly quickly. "So, you did the makeup designs?" John asked, as Sherlock helped him pick up a large plank to cut down, "Do you think you can make me look better? I'm a little weather worn." John laughed. Before he could stop himself, Sherlock replied, "I think you look perfect."
John sat back, listening to the sounds of clanging pans and drawers opening and closing. The flat was silent, then the sound of a violin drifted into the bedroom. A lovely, upbeat melody accompanied Hamish as he carried a breakfast tray packed with food with a rose in a vase. Hamish was biting his lip in concentration, trying so carefully to hold the tray level.
"Fight for me, then, because I think, I think I've been falling in love with you, too," Sherlock ran his thumb over John's lower lip, and cradled his face in his right hand, "But Mrs. Hudson promised I'd take her out for brunch. Then she texted
John pulls Sherlock down to the bed, "221B needs to hurry up and get repaired..." shoes, socks, everything is peeling off in a mad dash, "Even though you're taller than me, I'm going to carry you over the threshold and kiss you senseless..."
Their breathing slowed, and they continued to sleepily kiss each other, awed and thrilled that they were together, in the same bed. The silence was broken when Sherlock heard his phone going off. He attempted to throw it across the room, but stopped when he saw the message pop up.
He paces the edge of town, realizing he's probably out of his depth. John is clever at hiding. As twilight begins to fall, Sherlock catches sight of a glen with trampled grass. He runs, still gripping the last letter of John's, John's last vow to always be there.
Sherlock has woken in hospitals of all sorts with all types of injuries. When he's on a case, he doesn't eat or drink much, so when the case is nearly done, and he's injured towards the end of it, he collapses. A normal person may have the reserves to stay awake, or fight off the final assault, but Sherlock never does. He prays he lives, collapses, and wakes in hospital. It's for the best, as he lives alone.
He ran to the theatre to search Anderson's dressing room space. He was unsure if it would be closed off, but the theatre and rooms were unlocked. The investigation had turned onto Magnussen or to a tragic accident. Sherlock went to Anderson's dressing room mirror, pulling open drawers, snapping photos on his phone. He saw the corner of one scrap of paper that appeared to be especially damning. Just from his viewpoint, he could see a list of items, partially hidden:
Sherlock stood next to Eric. Stuart on this head of the table, Victoria on the other. On Sherlock's other side was an empty chair, waiting for their guest of honor. Once everyone was positioned in front of their seats they waited. After a quarter hour the talking quieted as John Watson entered the dining room.
They sit on a bench. The breeze is warm, but comfortable.  "The problem, and brilliance, of my brother is that he thinks everyone else is an idiot. He will not consider that you and I will conspire to take down Mary and Magnussen. He assumes I am far too stupid to stay one step ahead of him. And with him distracted," Mycroft raises an eyebrow at John, John coughs, "with what he's wished for all these years, I believe we can move our plan forward with an execution date of Christmas."
John didn't understand. Surely they could climb up, untie him, get him down. Everyone could hold him up.
John's dad gave a hearty laugh that sounded like John's, just a bit more gravely, "Goodness, we failed then. Two very common names for our kids. Harriet and John."
In the shower, Sherlock scrubbed with the tea tree oil shampoo and body wash he kept tucked in the broken, corner locker. That was also where he'd kept his joints until he'd finally broken his smoking habit all together. He couldn't stand the smell of cigarettes or smoke after his Grandpa was left a wheezing shell with COPD and a tracheotomy.
"John," Mycroft moves close to John, putting his hand on his shoulder. For a moment John is afraid they both may burst into tears, "The Sherlock before you and the one after you are so different."
They are in a rhythm now, their erections and fingers and hips all bumping into each other, never losing eye contact, kissing and breathing heat into each other's mouths. John releases and shudders into Sherlock and Sherlock grabs him tightly, burrowing into his neck, grabbing his bicep, as John uses both hands on Sherlock in earnest.
When he returned to the room, he found Sherlock. He was in his thinking pose, lying on the bed, his hands steepled under his chin. John sat on the end of the bed, and put his hand on Sherlock's bare foot. Sherlock moved it away.
John looked up into Sherlock's face. His eyes were sparkling and his smile met his eyes, "This is lovely. Are you alright? Any regrets?"
John is alone in the chinook for at least 20 minutes, just cleaning and putting away his high powered weapon, packing away his knife, but keeping his smaller defensive service weapon on him.
They had to wait an hour. Sherlock spent the entire time pacing and muttering to himself, his fingertips on his temples, flipping his fingers as if looking at imaginary photos on the wall. Daemon watched, equal parts fascinated and frightened, unsure if he was watching a brilliant mind or a full blown psychotic break.
Mycroft makes a show of stomping out for anyone listening, heart drumming in his ears, face flushed. He faces two women who start whispering to each other after seeing him sneak out of Roberts office.
Sherlock stares at his plate as he talks, "It will, it's close quarters on a ship. My theory is it might be someone on the ship, as the letters aren't mailed, but left to be found in strange places on the boat. Someone is breaking in, which is highly unlikely, or there is an inside person. If we're there for our, um, marriage and honeymoon, and not just there as ourselves, the crew and guests may be more willing to open up to us."
Sunlight is just beginning to streak through the tall, glass windows. Mycroft crosses the hallway opposite Robert's room. He hears soft snoring noises.
John hears the door downstairs creak open and Sherlock's feet on the steps. The moment Sherlock steps through the door, John grabs his sweatshirt, his hips, pulling them together.
Moriarty is in hand; Magnussen will be disposed of. Roderick is leading a small band in the Czech Republic to be sure all the factions have been wiped clean.
I remember reading a real life proposal or in a novel of someone playing cello or violin with a ring on the end. I couldn't find it, but I loved it. I meant this as an homage to whatever I read that had it in it, all credit to the original idea or proposal.
John was very close to Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock couldn't turn to look into his eyes anymore, but he kept talking, "I'm sure I'm not his father. Never slept with a woman."
He went to his fireplace, looked over all the relics he'd collected. He ran his fingers over a bracelet a young woman had given him as a thank you for finding her bunny. A ring, that only fit his pinky, was a gift from a high ranking government official who appreciated Sherlock returning some compromising photographs. When he got to Billy, his skull, he patted him, saying, "My only friend." He picked the skull up, taking out a cigarette and his lighter. He knew Mrs. Hudson would smell it and be angry, but he couldn't be arsed to care.
Sherlock continued to look through the crowd for another tartan that looked like his. Tavis poked him in the ribs to get him to face front. In the distance, beyond the barn, the bagpipes began their trilling tune. The wedding guests craned to watch the wedding party proceed through the meadow.  The bagpipe player marched first, followed by the parents of the grooms and the grooms behind them. As they drew closer, Sherlock saw his parents carrying a white, embroidered cloth interwoven with a cord. The fabric was embroidered with light blues and yellows of both clan's tartans.
John curled himself and the blankets around Sherlock, ghosting his lips across Sherlock's forehead. Sherlock tensed, waiting for John to catch his error.
Hamish grabbed Sherlock's hand, and tried to pull him down to sit on the floor by them. Sherlock shook his head, "Ribs are still sore," and he took a place on the couch, as near to them as he could get. John shifted around so he could lean his head against Sherlock's legs. Sherlock found he couldn't concentrate very well as John stroked circles into his calf muscle with lazy fingertips.
Sherlock lays on the bed, facing John, their favorite position as they had determined. Close enough to whisper, touch, and look into each other's eyes. "Why do you keep calling me your prince?"
"We'll miss ye Master John," Marcus drawled, jumping off his horse, "But this'un will take care of ye."
"Then why in the fuck, civilian, would you jump in on a goddamn military operation that you, first of all, don't fucking understand, and secondly, that you don't even know who the commanding officer is?"
John watches Moriarty's face as he agrees to it all without question. He's lovesick, tired, nervous. He asks to speak to Seb again one more time, voice cracking. John expects Mycroft to take some pity, but he doesn't. Firmly, he explains that he will be rewarded with more and more visits with Seb the more he cooperates.
When John was stable again, after surgery, he had been flown to London to be brought out of his coma. It wasn't communicated, but Sherlock knew that it was in case John didn't come out of the coma. If John died, Sherlock would at least be closer to his friends and family. Luckily, as one of the nurses explained, John was an army doctor, strong and stubborn, and had exceeded everyone's expectations.
"Sorry, I'm so sorry." He grabs Sherlock's hand, watching Robert work intently on Mycroft's leg, while whispering words of comfort.
John saw the hounds at Baskerville. He stood in front of Sherlock and shot them. Over and over and over. But they bit him. He had rabies. It burned and ached and he begged to be allowed to die. But Sherlock was safe. He was on the couch, eating takeout, while the hounds ate his flesh. But Sherlock was safe.
John continued to keep eye contact with Sherlock, his hand barely rubbing circles across his shoulder blades.
"I told you our families' plaids would look beautiful on the floor together," John whispered, rolling Sherlock close to him as he pulled the comforter over their shoulders. Sherlock shivered as he felt John's shins and feet rub against his. He giggled, "Yes, John, but now that we are naked, I realize how cold your feet are."
They hold each other, move slowly until they are bare chest to bare chest, rubbing hands over each other in lazy circles. The touches are small and infrequent compared to the words; fragments and stops and starts, low and whispered for only each other.
John laughed, "No, I just thought he was being targeted by some kind of hate group, but you haven't really been focusing on anything outside, just everyone on the boat, so I assumed he might be doing it himself."
"Sorry I didn't warn you," John continued rubbing his back, adjusting the rib bracing, "Generally if I just sit the person up without warning they don't tense up," John adjusted the brace again, "I'll have to look at your chest and ribs after breakfast-"
Sherlock walked, then ran, as his thoughts sped up. The scaffold that had been inspected. The stage scenery that John had masterfully built. The inspection by Moriarty of the set that had coincided with Anderson's accident with the scaffolding and his death. Everyone in the theatre community had their suspicions of Moriarty for a long time.
After the water is cold, and Mycroft's back aches, he eases Sherlock out of the bath, holds up a towel to dry him, pulls out bedclothes and puts them over his head and up over his legs. They do not speak anything other than hushed whispers of assurance.
"John." Sherlock sat beside him, moving his legs and his arms, asking John to look in his eyes, "John, I'm not a doctor. Can you tell me how you feel? Do you have a concussion?"
The pressure of hands and knife let up on his legs, but when Sherlock tried to move, he couldn't. He was dizzy, and eyesight was leaving him in white and black spots at the edges of his vision.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, crossing his arms across his chest, "There is nothing else to consider. I've told you what to look for and provided you with the evidence. I've done your work for you."
"When we were lying in bed, falling asleep in the early morning, you called me 'Greg'," Sherlock forced himself to make eye contact with John, "You still love him. You're not over him."
His memories rushed back, but in no particular order. He recalled Laoch, his brother and Gregory Lestrade's wedding, being alone with an old man, his cousins. He recalled the bonfire, the horse ride, the fall. Bits and pieces of hours, or days, lying in bed came back to him.
What is he trying to get her to believe with these sentences? What is the narrative he wants her to believe? Words carefully chosen.
"You've already made it better, leannan. We are lying near a stream, in the warm afternoon sun, just talking. I can imagine nights, in my feather bed, being side by side and discussing the day's events. Even if we don't touch further than what we have, I will be happy. You've already made me feel as if my nights will not be just filled with infinite loneliness."
However, Sherlock Holmes did not seem affected by John's attraction. John tried poetry, it was ignored as "useless drivel that must be meant for one of your girlfriends." Like Molly, he attempted coffee and hinted at dinner dates. All of it was taken as platonic and necessary refueling between cases. John even boldly attempted a date to a classical music concert. Sherlock didn't show.
"Sweetheart, my prince," John runs his fingers through Sherlock's curls, opens Sherlock's palms so he can link his fingers through Sherlock's. The shreds of letters flutter to the wooden floor.
Sherlock yelped as John rutted against the bed, pushing into his fist. He popped off of Sherlock's cock, moving down lower to his hole. Sherlock groaned in anticipation. His cock jumped as John licked, gently, lapping and running his tongue against the pink bud. Sherlock drove himself further down onto John's tongue, amazed at how wonderful it felt to have John kissing him in that place.
Laughing at Hamish, kissing him goodbye again, they were out the door. Sherlock grabbed John's hand as they climbed into the back of the cab, not letting go until they had to climb under the police tape to get into the crime scene.
But he heard Sherlock crying out for John in the middle of nightmares, saw the red rimmed eyes that were only from crying, and noticed the pattern of doses that wasn't taken for fun; the drugs were taken to make him forget.
Hamish looked at Sherlock, "I can deal with that," he flipped the flame torch back on with a click, and disappeared back into the laboratory.
"Not all of it," Sherlock smiled, "Thank you for telling me. I just…..I care for my brother very much. Even though he's a big pain in the arse."
John sighed, feigning being put out. He laid the kettle on the floor, waiting to judge the water level after he got in. He slotted himself behind Sherlock, tucking him in, pulling him close. Sherlock, even with his height, fit perfectly between his thighs and rested his head on John's shoulder. John put in more hot water from the kettle.
The sunlight streaming in the window indicated it was later in the morning. He had fleeting thoughts last night of calling John, or texting him, but it never happened. He was preoccupied, debating, obsessed nearly with the question of Greg and John. His room where he laid out logical questions of what to do, and what to say, and the foregone reactions was not neatly mapped out. It was still a map of pushpins and string. He brushed it aside for now.
Sherlock had never felt that way about another person, and he didn't think he ever would. He loved his family, in his own way, but he preferred his He was of age, just 19, so he consented to be matched in place of his brother. Because he loved his family.
John cannot feel pity for Moriarty. He knows he should. He feels guilt pulling at his gut, but he pushes it away. Moriarty kept Sherlock from him,
Sherlock is grinning maniacally outside his parent's home, "It's Christmas, John." They were facing their greatest enemy, their greatest foe. But they were together in the fight. Weaponry was just John's gun, but Sherlock assured him, without detail, that there would be backup involved.
With this twist in the plans, Mycroft had solidified forever John's respect; he understands now why he holds such a high position in government. He's ruthless, cunning, and one step ahead. John's glad he's on his side. John trusts him with his life.
Dr. Watson shoots him between the eyes with his service weapon. Shortly after, he's promoted to Captain.
Instead, John held out his scrap of wedding vows and gave it to Sherlock. He was shaking so badly he just held out his hand and threw the sweaty piece of paper in his direction. Sherlock was crying now, sobbing, but John still couldn't hear a word he was saying. His eyesight started to go, in black waves and red fuzzy rings. He was on a  ship, in the ocean. They may call a helicopter, but it would be too late.
He banged on the Captain's door, then, losing his balance, opened the door by falling into it. He saw Sherlock standing over the Captain's desk, leaning into him, his body appearred to be melded to Mr. Openshaw. John felt sick, and just said, "I was coming to find Sherlock, but there is a message painted outside your office. I don't know what information you can glean from the message."
"Mycroft," his voice creaks. Mycroft will do anything. He looks six years old, wrapped up in blankets, scared of the thunder.
Sherlock felt John's hands wrap around his upper back and engulf him in a hug. Into his shoulder, he heard John say, "Thank you," with a sniffle. When John pulled away, he reached for a tissue, "I worry about Hamish constantly. That he's lonely. I don't want him to feel alone like that."
Sherlock tucks his nose into the crook of John's neck. He wills himself to calm his breathing, his heart rate, his shaking hands.
Mr. Watson stood up to gather the salt and pepper shakers to refill them. Mrs. Watson chastised him, "Daniel, sit down this instant. Those can wait."
"Most people are idiots, John. If you live life with that understanding, it gets easier," Sherlock grinned, his arms around John's waist, simply to steady himself.
Sherlock felt at peace as they rode together in the wagon for the hour's journey. They didn't speak much, but turned and gave each other glances every few minutes. Sherlock couldn't stop smiling. He rested his calf against the wedding gift bag at his feet. He watched the scenery, the rolling hills, the purple thistle, the sheep and cattle dotted across the landscape. As they rounded the last bend towards a farmstead at the end of a lane, they came upon two men riding horses. Soilleir whinnied, and picked up her steps.
Mycroft skids through the spilled coffee, but makes it to Robert's bedroom, relatively unharmed, with only some light pink burns on his foot.
The doctor ran into the room, skidding to a stop beside the bed, "Oh, Sherlock," pushing his hair back, "I should've woken you sooner to stretch your back. I'm sorry." John, without warning, moved one arm on top of Sherlock's knees and one pressed on his breastbone, "Sherlock, this is going to hurt like hell-"
John's mouth was running in line with his heart, and not his brain. He blurted out the next sentence before he could edit it in his mind, "What if I don't want it annulled? How many times have we had to fight hospital staff to see one another? I don't want to be kept from you if something happens. And we're relatively famous. I am not dating anyone else, nor will I be."
As he moved his hand away from Sherlock's hair, he brushed his fingertips against the back of Sherlock's neck. He looked up and down his betrothed's back. He closed his eyes, willing himself to sleep.
Mycroft, the man who hated to wade in, kneels at the edge of the tub, wetting his trousers from ankle to knee, soaking his coat from wrist to elbow. He pulls his shaking, little brother to him, pets his head, wipes away his tears. He looks over his small cuts and bruises, making sure they are only superficial.
"Oh, Sherlock, do you feel my finger? Disappearing in and out of your body? You're so hot. You're taking my finger. So tight, you're going to be so tight and stretch around my cock, aren't you?"
Noticing the stranger, and that his younger brother was wearing the same tartan as him, Mycroft Holmes asked, "What did we miss?"
Sherlock had his violin to his chin, and was playing as he followed Hamish into the bedroom. Hamish grinned as he placed the breakfast tray over John's lap. As Sherlock played the melody, John felt his eyes misting. John noticed Sherlock holding his violin bow at an awkward, upturned angle as he played, and he realized why.
Sherlock leaned down and whispered in John's ear, "Tech weeks used to be so boring. I would sit around, waiting, so bored I would smoke cigarettes and contemplate finding heavier drugs. Now, I think we can do something else to pass the time."
"John, I'm here, I'm not going anywhere, I'm here." Keeping his eyes on John, Sherlock strips the rest of the way, then laces their fingers together. John's desperate to pull Sherlock closer while he's pulling John to the bedroom.
He doesn't answer. He keeps walking, hands in pockets. He can tell Sherlock is somewhere behind him, to his left. He's following John, shuffling and catching up. Sherlock tries to take John's arm; he shakes him off without a word.
Sherlock waited, hoping for a moment John would come and rescue him. The moment passed. He was on his own, "Your daddy knows you're very clever, and your daddy loves you very much. You live with your daddy every day, right?"
They are suddenly talking all at once, John starting, Sherlock starting, but they stop. Their words are all over one another, "I'm sorry...if I would've known....I waited, as long as I could....I waited," Their breath and words mingle, it's unsure who is speaking, who has started, who has ended the conversation. They still are not touching. They are close, eyes close, never breaking contact.
There is a light frost on the windowpanes, the trees, the small tufts of grass in the urban landscape. The hammering and drilling echoes crisply in the frozen air. Breath condenses into the atmosphere.
"I never thought I would either, daddy." At this, Hamish is crying. Large tears spilling down his face.
When it was neatly laid out, and when he pulled his quilt over his head, he realized he didn't even know his betrothed's name.
"Hamish!" John barked. John steadied Sherlock with his hands, one on his waist and one on his shoulder. Sherlock wondered if they might begin to waltz. "Why in the world are you continuously bringing up this morbid case? Can you wait?"
John bursts into a fit of giggles; crying, side-splitting giggles as he dried off in Sherlock's room. As he wipes his hair and his eyes, searching to put back on his clothes, he wonders how he was going to navigate the conversation with Mycroft. Mycroft had known the timing of John's proposition of Sherlock, but John wonders if Mycroft would have guessed how successful he'd be.
Sherlock looked up, "I'm not sure, but I believe your son just read off a 10 page thesis on why you two should move into my flat immediately. Not in a week, or a month. Now. He included the pros and cons of such a decision, and how we, Mrs. Hudson included, would all benefit overall from this decision. Hamish mentioned a few times the need for a real laboratory.  He also went over some type of cost benefit analysis that I couldn't quite follow."
"Sherlock. My mind is full of memories I'd like to forget. Tell me, please. What is like a Jane Austen novel?"
Sherlock responded by rubbing his cock around John's hole even more forcefully, dipping it into it, just to the tip, a little more often. John imagined Sherlock, his curls wet, sticking to the nape of his neck, a crimson flush creeping up his chest and collarbone.
It wasn't supposed to be Sherlock. He wasn't let in on all the plans, but with the yelling, and the spotlights, it wasn't supposed to be like that.
As Sherlock talked, his one arm out of the sheet so he could gesture, John was struck again. This beautiful, wonderful man had let them into his life and John didn't want to leave. John knew what he would say during the proposal, the outline at least. It formed in his mind on a Saturday afternoon, as John watched Sherlock talk, his skin flush and glistening from lovemaking.
"John, this is his life. We have to work, and we have to keep him away, this is not some bloody romance novel. This is eventual, you and he, but we need to use it now. You cannot hide your feelings, you aren't good at hiding your feelings anyway, let's use them. It's still true. I'm just forcing your hand to do it today. Starting today. To cover the nerves, to cover our meetings, to cover our plans. If you cannot do this, we might as well not bother-"
Sherlock was surprisingly able to roll over quickly, "Here, let me talk to him. Wait here." Hamish helped pull him up to a sitting position, and Sherlock went to the back patio, which in reality was the fire escape. The minute he opened the back door John tried to quickly snuff out his cigarette.
John walked twice as fast to keep up with the interpreter's long legs. As they walked down the hallway, Sherlock was typing quickly on his cell phone, passing it over to John.
He pulls his sweatshirt close to him and rubs his hands together. He's wearing his bullet proof vest under the two layers of sweatshirt material.
"You're innocent and young, Sherlock. I wanted someone who is a bit older, but who would be kind and patient with you. I found a man, a lovely man, who was slightly injured in his shoulder. He's quite handsome, and longs for a companion. He could offer you a substantially richer lifestyle and land and houses for our clan."
your daddy. Unless you tell him or let him in on what you're doing. Being smart and clever is wonderful for a job but terrible if you want to keep friends and family."
"I can't lose you. I can't lose you, again," John buries his head into Sherlock's neck, lips nearly touching his ear.
Sherlock blushed, allowing John to lead him away, their fingers interlaced. John walked him to the smallest stable, pointing out all the flowers he was anxious to bring back to their home.
In the middle of the night, Sherlock opened his eyes as he felt the mattress dip. John sat next to him, placing a candle on the bedside table. Sherlock exhaled, shifting his long legs under the bed sheets. John laid on top of the covers, on his side, facing Sherlock. He put his hand under Sherlock's head, cradling it, using his other hand to stroke his hair.
Mycroft continues, "We've got two possibilities, we can.." John rubs his eyes, trying desperately not to cry. Jesus. Did Sherlock feel like this when he was planning the jump off the building? God, no. Jesus, no. He reminds himself to breathe, worrying that he's having a PTSD panic attack as he can't hear Mycroft prattling on.
Harry stepped in front of John, putting her hands on either side of his face, "Breathe, John. You're hyperventilating. It's not your fault-"
Sherlock laughed, "They will already think the worst. We look as if we've rolled around on the ground and you're half dressed."
Sherlock smiled, "I just thought it would convey I was on my marriage cruise and honeymoon. That I wasn't working."
"Yes, sweetheart, Mr. Detective is here," John said, "We're going on a date, honey, to talk about some things-"
John took a cup of coffee and sat back against the couch, leaning into Sherlock's side as he drank it. Daemon and Sherlock didn't speak, but continued to research. John dozed in Sherlock's lap for a couple of hours. Before lunch, they snapped awake when the doorbell rang. Sherlock answered it.
Sherlock and John collapsed on the bed, on either side of Hamish, without fully undressing. They turned so they could look at each other, and held hands above Hamish's head. They whispered, quietly, as Hamish slept.
That wasn't because they didn't love him, it was because they didn't want to say something they'd regret.
"Why do you think he would be doing this himself? To what purpose?" Sherlock was walking very close to John, being careful to walk in pace with John so they could continue to hold hands.
Sherlock reached out to William, patting his hand, "It was an honest mistake. You're not going anywhere. I need you with me."
"Oh, Myc, I knew that. I knew John and Sherlock loved one another. I hate myself, but I'd hoped Mary was just a phase. After John was attacked in that bonfire. Even in the midst of him getting married. Coming in his flat and he shoved us out so fast. He practically screamed 'Mummy, get out, I've got a boy over.' He thinks he's clever."
"This was a military operation. And as much as you believe yourself to be above every fucking rule known to man, this was run by ranked military personnel. We moved you
Hamish looked up, his thoughtful eyes looking from John to Sherlock. He tilted his head, "Daddy, what's wrong?"
"You saved my life," Roderick says, in a deep voice like Sherlock's, which always startles John. He looks at him, to see the difference;  a nose and face more similar to Mycroft, "I was exiled for trying to execute Magnussen for blackmailing my family. I was in Jordan, two months in, I would have died," Roderick keeps his glass of champagne in the air, grinning now, "I followed military squadrons to Helmand as they were most heavily covered by the press. I met Captain Watson there again, helped cover the squadron when he took a bullet to the shoulder. Coincidence? The Universe is rarely so lazy. I followed you. Made sure you came back alive."
I now know exactly how you felt before you faked your suicide. I am doing something to protect you, something alone, but with help. The same kind of help you had.
He'd only seen them once, and they didn't know they were betrothed. Everything was secret until Mary could be taken care of.
Though, to his credit, Billy was observant  enough to know Sherlock was itching for any frail excuse to get high, or hurt himself. He helped ease Sherlock's pain by keeping up appearances on the case.
Sherlock nodded, fascinated by the way John's fingers dipped the bread into the syrup, flicking it up with his wrist. He placed a piece of bread on Sherlock's tongue. He ate it hungrily, quickly, licking the last bit of honey from John's fingers. Sherlock felt John shiver beneath him.
Sherlock moaned, a low hum that built as he rocked back and forth. John turned and saw Sherlock still had both hands grasping the back of his chair. Untouched, John was slowly milking the orgasm from Sherlock by pulling across his prostate with every thrust. John angled his hips further, spreading Sherlock apart and causing the young man to yell. John's cock was surrounded by pulses and Sherlock's staccato heartbeat. Moaning and writhing, John pushed into him, watching and feeling Sherlock come all over his plaid and the chair, just from John's cock driving over his prostate.
"I'm much better, thank you, but it sounds as if you are having a difficult time out here with Cluedo."
As the boy moved to go into the hallway, an older couple, in their mid to late 60s, entered the room. They were dressed in casual clothing, their hair messed in all directions on their heads. Silvery gray hair indicated they had been blonde when younger, and the grandpa had the same lopsided grin as the young boy.
He is advantageous with those he exploits as well. A tax examiner. An architect. A memory retention coach. All of them have services to offer, at a discount or for free, if he has their pressure point.
Better to be unarmed and keep his body sharp, his mind tuned. He remembers the days and nights of hand to hand combat, both before The Fall and after, so he practices some sidestepping kicks and spins in the underground alleys.
John hears Mycroft slam his palm against the kitchen countertop, "For God's sake this isn't going to work if you two can't keep your hands off each other for two minutes. Sit down like adults and let's discuss our plans."
"Then why, Mr. Holmes, can you not answer a simple question on whose international mission you just barged in on? You thought it'd be funny? Fucking hilarious?"
"I thought you were avoiding me, that we'd had a domestic," John said as he squeezed Sherlock's knee, "You kept cleaning."
John looked into Sherlock's eyes, smiling. His eyes were wet, his cheeks crinkled up into a wide grin, "Please, my love. Let me see you. We are joined. I can feel you tightening around me. Come for me, darling. My love. My husband."
Julie's eyes opened wide as John slammed the empty tumbler down on the bar and stuck some bills under it, leaving without a word.
Robert turns around, crosses his arms, cocks his head, "I never date anyone seriously before reading their file, sweetheart. Not in my line of work. Your pressure point is your brother. I want to help you."
Sherlock nodded, "The captain can marry us on the ship and provide witnesses, and Mycroft can expedite the paperwork electronically. So, we have to keep his arse in our business at least for a little while."
John laughs, the laugh that makes Sherlock thrilled to hear. Not a care in the world. Breathless, but coming deep from his belly, "You were talking, or wrestling around, or something. I decided to kiss you. In case it was a nightmare."
"I need Magnussen dead by the 1st of the year. I need John to be close by to prove that you won't just disappear with him before you fulfill our agreement. Magnussen dead, you are free, John is safe."
"Well, I don't know how to say this," Julie said, whispering to John, "I trust you, but if you tell anyone what I'm about to tell you I will tell them you're lying." John quirked an eyebrow. Interesting, "The letters have stopped since the Captain and Sherlock have been spending a lot of time together. I don't know if it's because the Captain has been preoccuppied with talking with him, or because of some other reason, but it's odd. I just wanted you to be aware."
"Yes. I saw you hold one of your girlfriends this way. She was on her side, and you were on your side holding her. I thought it would feel nice if you held me like that."
"You are gorgeous, prìseil. You are wrecked. I love you upon my lap. Your  skin glistening in the morning light, beautiful curls over your eyes. Your legs wrapped around my waist. I cannot wait to have you fully."
John held Sherlock down onto his lap and thrust up. The tip of his cock skimmed over Sherlock's cheeks and hole. Sherlock was so wet it slid, just glancing, teasing against his entrance. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, forcing Sherlock to hold onto him by wrapping his arms around his neck and his legs around John's waist. John twisted, lifting Sherlock from the bed and pressing him down against him.
"I love you, husband, but sometimes you have the detective skills of a goldfish," Greg protested, but Mycroft kept talking, "He's been," he mouthed the next two words so the children didn't catch on, "
His duty was now shifted to being sure members of the Network were driven out to Mummy and Daddy's village to keep an eye on them. He receives regular reports on their activities.
John looks at him, hoping what Sherlock sees is love and grief at the knowledge that they will be apart. They search each other's faces, and John is somehow grateful that Sherlock was shot (not the pain or the terror or his near death, surely) but the fact that it forced the plan, forced them to come face to face with their feelings. John smiled slightly thinking that Sherlock could've had a similar sentiment about him being shot and dismissed from Afghanistan.
The doctor stood just inside of the doorway, white lab-coat, grabbing Sherlock's chart off the end of the bed. Hamish continued talking, "That's my daddy, most grown-ups call him Dr. Watson, or Captain Watson if they are his army buddies. He is very good at stitching and surgery and fixing people up and he's brave."
"You're finally clean. I can see your dubh falt again. These blankets need to be washed before you sleep in them again."
As he was leading the stallion into the pasture, Sherlock felt a pang of sadness. He missed his Seanmháthair. When she was alive, they had horses. She taught him how to ride, and she would've been here to help him lead this stallion. She had been part of an arranged marriage, so she would've known how to behave, and what to expect. She had married a man, so she could've explained what to expect. She could've been there, at the wedding the day before, keeping him from panicking. She may have even prevented their family from lowering into poverty, thus avoiding the need for an arranged match all together.
was a nickname. It was poor timing for further questioning. John gingerly removed the blankets from his legs and sat at the other end of the bed. He demonstrated he had no hidden weaponry on his lower body.
John wanted to look at Sherlock but he kept his gaze steadily on his son. He debated a moment on how to answer, or why Hamish felt the need to ask the question. His son's mind was always 15 steps ahead, so he decided to proceed the way he normally did. Asking for clarification.
"I know this is difficult," she began, taking turns looking each of them in the eye, as she made notes in a small spiral notebook, "One of your coworkers was seriously injured, and his condition is touch and go. I just need to make an initial investigation while it's still fresh. Then you can go home."
John smiled, pushing the fringe of hair out of his eyes, "I will take you however you are, Sherlock Holmes, exactly how you are."
John has told him, again, that he loves him. He cannot think beyond trying to keep tears from rolling down his face.
He flips through photos of Mycroft as a little boy (oh, what a fatty), Mycroft crying with his parents the first, second, and third times they forced Sherlock into rehab (Sherlock must be in love with John Watson, only relapse after his marriage), and now Mycroft out to lunch two days ago.
John didn't wait for an answer. He took off at a gallop towards the eastern stream. He galloped past Sherlock's entire family, including his cousins, who were busy preparing the lamb and seating arrangements for the betrothal celebration. As Sherlock shot past, he caught a glimpse of Mycroft and Gregory sitting close on one of the tree stump benches, kissing. Sherlock couldn’t imagine wanting to be that close to anyone else every waking moment of the day.
Sherlock smiles, taking the towel and helping John dry off before he dries off himself, "No, right after our wedding, after you were shot," his eyes get teary as he takes John's face in his hands, "You were whispering over and over that you loved me, as you were on the ground, as we were waiting on the helicopter. I….I told you my vows, listening to you, telling me you loved me."
His hands are perfectly still. He hears someone approaching the doorway, but he doesn't look up. John is itching for a fight. He knows if Sherlock walks through that entry he would break his nose, his jaw. He prays it's anyone but him.
John blushed, "Oh my god," he put his head down on his knees for a moment, the rested his cheek on his knees to make eye contact, "I was going to kiss you. We're getting married, we've bought the rings, and we haven't kissed. You were sitting there, and you just looked….gorgeous."
The anger had dissipated when he'd been pulled from the burning pyre and it was Sherlock's hands on his face, calling his name, looking in his eyes. He didn't see Mary, really, just Sherlock; he knew then, #johnwatsonloves - but he felt a pull, an obligation, to do what normal people do.
Tavis stepped back to inspect his work. Sherlock tried to touch his hair as a reflexive gesture and Tavis swatted his hand away.
"Did you wear it?" John's face looked so hopeful as he asked. He'd let go of the reins, and the horse had walked a few paces away. The sun was streaming, and the sky was bright blue. He knew the significance of the question. He didn't doubt his mother's true intention for a moment, honest mistake she claimed it was.
Sherlock raised himself on his knees, towering over the doctor. John leaned back creasing his eyebrows. Sherlock leaned to whisper into his ear, "I'm glad you made it. I'm glad you're here." He kissed his neck, and sucked, drawing a mark on his neck by his collarbone. John was pushing up with his hips now, begging for Sherlock to move. As Sherlock leaned back, John unzipped his trousers and asked Sherlock if this was ok. Sherlock peeled off his clothing as John stripped himself.
Sherlock coughed, "The son, Elias, is receiving threatening emails, letters, calls. The person or persons identify themselves as 'WBC.' The police force hasn’t taken it seriously, as the person is sending photos of….well," At this Sherlock blushes, "Porn photos and cutouts from magazines with rather upsetting messages."
Tavis held Sherlock's hands between his, "John can't stop talking about how much he loves you. How sharp your mind is. You didn't see him those days you were completely asleep. He was heartbroken. Devastated. He knows you as well as he can in this short courtship. He won't cast you aside."
"Sherlock, please, nothing between us, nothing. Beauty, let me see you." Daylight was beginning to fill the room. Sherlock's hands shook as he pulled the clothes up over his head, leaning back on John's thighs. He rolled over, allowing John to strip, then John hooked his legs around again and rolled them a rotation so John was on top.
This objective, this mission, was for his brother. He had a target on his back and Mycroft had to use every influence and tactic to move the focus from Sherlock to himself.
"Of course it's your business," John sat up, pulling himself up against the headboard, and adjusting Sherlock so he was tucked up against his hip. He put his arm around him, stroking his hair, "I don't think I was in love with him, looking back on it. I thought I loved him, but he thought of me more as a distraction," he ran his fingers through his hair, then up and down Sherlock's side, "I haven't known you long, but I like you. I don't just fuck boys and leave them. Unless this is all you want?"
William pulled back, admiring his work. Sherlock's inky curls fell to his shoulders in nearly perfect ringlets.  The dark pattern of the tartan contrasted beautifully with his pale skin. It was chilly, and he shivered as a breeze ran under his kilt onto his thighs. William bade him turn around, admiring the placement of the broach and sporran, checking that everything laid out on Sherlock was at just the perfect angle.
Sherlock had even shocked himself. He turned, and all the clansmen had stopped working, jaws open, eyes wide. Hammers and tools stopped in mid-strike. The clansmen stared at Sherlock. John's dearest cousin, Lennox, moved towards Sherlock, opening his mouth to speak. The other clansmen started whispering and pointing.
John pulls back slightly, to look in his eyes again. He wonders, as he delves deeply into the green and blue, how it had happened all at once, but had been happening all this time.
Sherlock pulls John to him, their bodies flush against one another. John stops laughing. The kisses become more passionate, more heated, grasping with tongues. John moves his fingers against Sherlock's ribcage, his stomach, his hipbones, and pulls them flush; he grabs at both their erections in between them. They grind and rub against one another, there is not enough time for anything else, and they climax with moans into each other's mouths.
Tavis came around so his face was right in front of Sherlock's, " 'Lock, stop. You're not yourself."
John and Sherlock stood next to each other, elbows deep in soapy water that filled stainless steel, industrial sinks. The water was so hot it caused Sherlock's arms to flush, even though he wore gloves. John bumped into him after every pass of dishes from wash to rinse, grinning at Sherlock under his blonde eyelashes. When the dishes were finished, John gave Sherlock a peck on the cheek and grabbed his hand.
"Here, darling, you must eat, just a bit," John encouraged, rubbing Sherlock's back as he offered him a small piece of bread with the other hand, "you have to earn your strength back."
The set is just dressing. Just an addition. John knew that. The actors were the draw. Hell, the makeup and costumes were more glorious than the simple scaffold he was building. But this was always the stressful part of any show. The tech inspection of a difficult production, then a roll into tech week.
Sherlock lays down fully on John, resting on him, so he can unclench his fingers and take the letters out of his palm. They are destroyed, shredded in ribbons from moisture and tears.
Those outside theatre thought the difficult part of theatre was the endless productions, acting in the theatre night after night. No. That was easy. Once the play was memorized and engraved into your bones, going on the stage night after night was rote. It became fun.
Sherlock wonders what John is dreaming, with his eyelashes fluttering and his hands making small movements. He isn't sure if petting John's head is helping, but it gives him something to do while he sleeps. He memorizes the smile lines on his face, the tan lines on his neck, his longer bit of sandy, gray hair that is curling just behind his ear. Sherlock takes his fingertip and runs it along the back of John's left ear; the skin is soft there. John giggles.
John began walking, Daemon and Sherlock falling into step behind him. Sherlock watched John's posture. He didn't want to talk. He put his head down and his hands in his pockets. Instead, Daemon continued to whisper, discussing in detail, showing Sherlock on his phone, the other Theatres who'd had similar accidents after Jim Moriarty's inspection.
"Dr. Watson," he started, wanting to sound professional and knowledgeable to anyone that might be listening, "We have found this man and his next of kin. We have a problem however," and the man paused for dramatic effect, "his wife is Deaf and she is understandably distraught. We can't get her to calm down and write down her questions, and she won't be calm enough to write down hers. We are at an impasse until we can get an interpreter."
"You are my beloved," John breathed into Sherlock's mouth, "For all my days of my life I want you with me. My precious love."
John looked up, grabbed his plate, put it in the sink with a clang. Hamish bit bis lip, and looked down at the table.
Robert sits down with his diary one last time before he will turn it over to Mycroft. Years of his life, written down, documented. He's been circling around this outcome for years. An assassin partnered with a vicious business man who destroyed his life. Soon, this will be resolved.
In the kitchen Mycroft makes coffee and sits, watching birds at the bird feeders. He hears Robert's door open and he calls for him quietly.
Sherlock continued, "Are you concerned that you are in love or infatuated with a girl or boy at school?"
He'd developed the makeup designs for the cast, only six, and was currently helping with the costumes as he was fairly handy with a sewing machine. As he finished the last shirt (boring), Irene, the company manager, marched in with her clipboard and her list.
John sat up a moment, then asked, "Does he dance like you? Was the dance you were doing when I rode up a traditional family dance?"
Sherlock was dumbfounded. John Watson truly believed he was one of the stable boys or a hired hand, and a hired hand he trusted quite quickly. Sherlock ran through scenarios of what to say that would be truthful but not give himself away, but he was stuck.
Sherlock answered simply, "Yes," and drove his elbows into the bedding, breathing heavily, thrusting his pelvis into John's.
John wrapped his arms around Hamish and Sherlock as best he could, "Group hug!" and he took turns kissing Hamish and Sherlock on the crowns of their heads.
"John, John," the way Sherlock said his name was scared and joyful all at once, "I read your vows, and I was so scared. They didn't know if you would come out of the medical coma, and all I could do is read your words and think about….oh, John…." John was able to hush Sherlock while he rubbed his beautiful cheekbones in an attempt to calm him. If Sherlock was dehydrated, it was best that he stopped crying. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and hugged him close to him, "I'm sorry, I was just so hurt. I didn't know….I didn't think you-"
"Please take me home, John," Sherlock was doing his best to keep his breathing steady, his tears from forming. His hands shook as he did his best to keep his tone even, but not a completely flat affect, "I just need to go home."
"Nonsense." Joseph interjects, "I don't know what business you had at the government airport but you look done in. My other son has clothes your size. Stay the night and then we will get you sorted tomorrow. I'll fix you some food."
He closed his eyes and laid back in the bath. He'd enjoyed the company of men, and understood them better, which is why he'd agreed to a match with a male. Unlike his cousin Jaime, he didn't feel the need to kiss and hug and touch up any girl that came upon their farmstead.
He runs down the stairs, outside into fresh air, and vomits on the kerb in front of the house. He puts his palms to his eyes to remember if any of the bodies resembled Billy; he doesn't think any of them were skinny enough.
In the restroom, he sits to relieve himself and Sherlock rubs his head, his neck. John's mouth is dry and tastes coppery. There is a glass of water in his hand; Sherlock is making him drink.
"Oh, sweetheart, my beautiful boy. Pull yourself out, gently, oh you are so good. Take the condom, that's it, tie it off so it's not such a mess, and come here. Come here, my beautiful boy."
The Captain Watson voice. He would not be swayed. Sherlock felt a chill go down his spine, for everyone involved, if anything happened to Hamish Watson. Sherlock was determined that the boy would come out safe.
Sherlock grabbed a bottle of anal lubricant from the box, putting some on his fingers and the toy. He laid the dildo on his inner thighs, a flash of red across white, as he breached his pink hole with one finger. John moved Sherlock and himself so he could lay in between Sherlock's open thighs and watch him.
They heard a noise coming from Hamish's room. When they knocked on the door, they found Hamish surrounded with a half circle of  boxes and trash bags. He was sorting through his toys and clothes, marking them off of a list. John cleared his throat.
John and Sherlock, much to Sherlock's annoyance, snap back to paying attention to Mycroft. Sherlock stubbornly stays on John's lap, rolling his hand gently on his back. John bites back a smile; he's remembering an old school girlfriend that loved to crawl on his lap and snog with him in nearly the same position.
"I guess it's right on 3 am. Are you the stable boy? Would you have a place in the barn I could sleep until a decent hour until I could come calling?"
Daemon spoke slowly, watching Sherlock's eyes move back and forth across his face, "His last role before this was Salieri in Amadeus. It was moderately viewed but critically acclaimed. The character infers to mustering Amadeus to become immortal, then attempts to kill himself-"
Harry stood close, her nose nearly touching Sherlock's, "I wasn't putting ideas into his head, or suggesting anything. I was trying to make him feel better. Since when did you become his bodyguard? He can speak for himself. He doesn't need you
Roderick interrupts, "My parents don't know yet. In case something goes wrong. I'd rather have them believing I'm still running around Europe somewhere."
John rubs the back of Sherlock's neck with the pads of his fingers. He reminds Sherlock to breathe; he's nearing a panic attack. His eyes are wide and unfocused, similar to new recruits at their first experience of live gunfire.
Sherlock swayed a bit. He put his hand on the back of the couch to steady himself, "It's ok. It's just not meant to be. I'm not good for him… He deserves," He thought about his words with two little girls in the room, "someone who is whole, better."
"My grand nephew may be an arranged marriage to you, Lord Sherlock Holmes, but he's a good boy. I'm hoping it will turn into a love match over time."
This wasn't his room. The sunlight was streaming in from the northeast in too sharp of an angle. He was on a bed, but the bed was softer and larger than his, and it was raised off the floor on a frame. His bed was just a small palette with a straw mattress on the floor. As he rolled in the large bed, he was stopped by a pile of soft comforters and pillows. It smelled of lavender and larch.
John smiled, turning pink just slightly, "Yea, we have to keep it safe. That's what's most important."
"Oh, yes, John, please," Sherlock was quivering, grinding down onto John. John kept him at bay, purposely keeping everything slow and teasing. He put just the tip of his cock into Sherlock, pulling it out, putting it back in. Sherlock was digging his nails into John's back, his face in John's neck.
He bounds down the stairs, yelling back as he goes, "Come down here when you've decided, darling, or kick me to the curb. Either way. Deadline is coming up."
Sherlock rounds another corner to the right, and he skids to a halt. A woman, in all black, is surrounded by a small group of homeless men and women. She is talking animatedly, gesturing with her gun. A woman, Samantha (from a bolt hole near the Thames) says no and starts to back away.
He's prepared his speech. "The problems of your future are my privilege." She will know it's prepared, he will tell her so.
Mr. Watson sat, pulling his mouth into a sideways grin, "Lesson one, Sherlock. John is like his mother. Always listen to what he says," He winked.
John's reminded of Harry; when she, as a young child, would grow so tired she would collapse anywhere, in the oddest places and positions. One time, their parents found her with her head on her drawing pad, fingers still gripping a crayon; asleep mid stroke.
"I just, I just imagined they'd have to learn to be together as sisters and brother. I hung my hat on that. I'd been with him through his shitty marriage, helped him move into a new place, we were getting so close. Then, he started talking about a man he'd met at work, and I had to pull away. Hamish, as a result, didn't get to see Greg's girls as often."
Sherlock moaned, writhing underneath him, "When you were talking with Lestrade, in the yard, I confronted him. I knew he was attracted to me...," John nipped at his skin, he inhaled, "I saw from his pulse and his pupils. I used it to get information. He tried to kiss me. To kiss me on the mouth. I've never been kissed."
John felt the aches in his shoulder turn to searing pain. "Okay, getting a bit scary now. You're going to have to let me up now."
Normal life had screeched at him and made him restless. Life had slowed, been unbearable, ever since Sherlock's jump. Sherlock had slowly become more human, more caring, then he'd left for two years. He'd become independent, wild, selfish. Nothing would change him. As much as John loved him, he would never get in his heart, his mind.
"I do not want to ruin your thoughts, my dearest Sherlock, by talking about your brother and his husband, but he's educated me on love between two men. We must take things slow so as not to cause harm. Let me kiss and touch you, let me rub you with this, to get you used to my touches my beautiful husband. You can tell me what you like."
John replied, "I think this is sulking," John looked down at Sherlock, pulling the comforter aside so he could see him. He had his eyes squeezed closed.
Sherlock and John had spent the entire day unpacking and organizing the flat so they could make it through the rooms without tripping over books, clothes, and chemistry sets. John was amazed that Sherlock was willing to stay around the house for a few days while they all settled in. Sherlock's flat was now decorated with a messy blend of all their personalities: oil artwork of Mrs. Hudson's, a full medical skeleton of John's, Hamish's set of antique chemist beakers on a shelf, and the wall above the couch covered with maps and diagrams of Sherlock's latest case.
"Of course!" Sherlock snapped, grabbing the towel as he stood up out of the tub. He noticed Tavis give William a long-suffering look.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were incredibly normal. They bickered, went shopping, read. No international intrigue like Mycroft. No dead body parts in the fridge like Sherlock.
Tavis snapped at him, "Cum do theanga ablaich gun fheum!" Sherlock sat back down on the bed, "You were near
John put his hand on Sherlock's knee, his voice harsh, "Wait, are you saying I had something to do with the murders to keep him off his honeymoon?"
John snuggled closer to Sherlock's legs, no longer participating in the game. They decided to put the game away as the debate over the killer was growing more heated, and the smell of the food was distracting. John got up from the floor, and Sherlock patted the couch beside him, "Will you sit by me, for a minute?"
Sherlock and Daemon walked to the theatre, opening the back door to enter the green room. Sherlock remembered the warmth he'd felt meeting John here for the first time, which now seemed a lifetime away. They walked through the wings, walked onto the stage, staring up at the scaffolding, the aluminium framing still bent, unmoved from when Anderson was removed from its grip.
"Yes, Sherlock, the case. The case of the threatening notes? Or, the case of the captain lying about the threatening notes? However you want to phrase it."
"Since we're two blokes, I decided to get up a little higher than you, rather than down on one knee."
"What are you making, Hamish?" John asked, allowing Sherlock to lean on his arm for support as he let him down gently into a chair. John stood behind him, rubbing Sherlock's shoulders as he talked to his son, "Are you baking something?"
John was taken aback. He remembered nearly five years ago when he'd decided to change, after he'd had the completely awkward and embarrassing encounter with that BSL interpreter. He tried to recount the man's name, but at first all that came to mind was dark hair, gorgeous eyes, and legs that went for miles. John blurted out, "Sherlock."
He put the Forsythia and the Flowering Currant in the jar with the roses and they all fit perfectly. It was a wedding decoration that Sherlock could easily carry. With the notes all tucked in his kilt, he took a moment to examine the long rock tied to the jar.  It was delicately painted, one side was the green, red, yellow squares and slim stripes of the Watson tartan pattern, the other side was the deep blue and pin striped black of the Holmes. It was so beautiful he hated to put all the flowers down, but with the sounds of laughing and merryment in the distance urging him on, he longed to reach his final destination.
"Why?" John asked. John was brave. John didn’t give up fights. Sherlock's heart pounded as he considered what it would feel like to be fought for by Captain John Watson.
As the afternoon sun cooled, Sherlock heard a voice and someone walking through the soft grass. " 'Lock!" Tavis and Jaime took turns calling, coming up through the trees behind Sherlock. He didn't want to see them. He knew his face was red, blotchy and tear stained and his body was filthy from work and resting in the dirt. He imagined his cousins were looking for him so they could gently break his heart and explain his
John leaps off the floor, nearly tackling him to the floor, pulls him into the bathroom and growls into his ear, "You need to warm up in a bath."
John leaned back in the small, metal jump seat, looking up at the ceiling, "Jesus, 87%, that's great. How do you figure those fucking probabilities?"
The video plays in the car; as predicted, Mary says, "But Moriarty is dead," (Pause)  "But, you told me he was dead." She still believes he's gone, that he's been neutralized.
"How does one interpret from a hearing person in sign language if you're Deaf?" John's eyes flitted from Sherlock back to Greg, "I mean, I don't get it. If he's Deaf, how does he know what's being said in order to interpret?"
But they did remind Billy, when the two of them sat in their chairs in front of their fireplace, of John and Sherlock in their quiet moments.
Sherlock pushed John into the mattress, but now using his hips for leverage and caging John's head in with his forearms. He stroked at John's hair with his hands, "I forgot who you were for a moment. I'm sorry."
Sherlock spoke at a breakneck pace, "You're warm. You make me feel warm. Why don't you want to take care of me? They want to take me away from you. I don't want to be away from you-"
"Sshh… Sherlock, you'll have to be quiet," John pulled on Sherlock's belt loops, dragging him into the empty floor in front of the closet. Up against the walls were still piled a few boxes, "The floor will be quieter."
Mary doesn't wave, doesn't smile. She stares straight ahead, and he wonders if she's even seen him. Her jaw tightens, so he knows she sees him. He slips in across the table from her. He waits to see if she will talk. She stares. Jesus.
John audibly gasped. Hamish squealed in delight, "That is so awesome! That's like the best friendship present ever!"
"Aye," Eric yelled across the room, " 'Lock can sit by me for once. Misters Holmes-Lestrade were still shaking their bed-posts so I threw them some bread and ran away. They won't be joining us for a long while yet."
John tried to call Sherlock a few more times in the cab, but there was still no answer. Straight to voicemail. When he got to St. Bart's he threw some bills at the cabbie, unsure if he'd horribly over or underpaid her. He went floor to floor, asking after him in his usual haunts. The processing room.  The cold freeze. The intake. Finally, he reached the lab off of the main morgue floor and found Hamish huddled over a microscope and Sherlock and a female, most likely an autopsy tech or a medical examiner or pathologist. There was a bone saw and a face shield, both dirty, just a few inches from his son.
"Shh, go back to sleep, I need to take care of something."  John dresses, shaking out his nerves in order to take two cabs and a bus to meet Mycroft.
As John listens, he's tempted to ask why, but he knows better than to disturb him. His hips are swaying and his eyes are closed. There is a light floating of snow outside the windows.
Reminiscent of the morning in the hospital, Hamish was in his room. In a chair. Reading a medical book on spinal cord injuries.
John nodded, stepping back from the doorway. He bounded up the stairs before the men could follow, locking himself in his bedroom.
He went into the water, "John? John?!" His cries became more panicked. When he reached him, John surfaced, laughing and sputtering, "You're worse than Gilfaethwy, dear one." John allowed Sherlock to guide him to the bank. Before he sat down beside Sherlock, John, dripping water, shook himself like a dog and covered Sherlock in a spray of droplets.
"Hello to you, too-" Sherlock begins to say, but John cuts him off with teeth nipping at his lips. John grinds his erection and hips against Sherlock's; stopping only long enough to pull Sherlock's sweatshirt and T-shirt off.
Tears pricked at Sherlock's eyes. He couldn't feel or hear John. He wasn't sure where he was. There wasn't any fingers in his hair, "Did John leave me? Where is John?"
"Sherlock," Tavis began, swirling the mead around in his cup, "You're dressed in your potential betrothed's tartan. Your mother is declaring in front of everyone that you are betrothed by matchmaking."
"Oh my god, Sherlock," John nipped and kissed at the back of Sherlock's neck, circling Sherlock's entrance with his left fingers. He focused on his breathing as his hips and legs shook, already pushing into Sherlock's flesh. John lifted Sherlock's left leg so he could watch himself enter Sherlock's body, shuddering as he grasped at Sherlock's chest, gripping his thigh with his other hand. John felt so deep inside Sherlock, surrounded by him, nearly all of their bodies pushing and pressing into one another.
John dressed Sherlock, taking time to wrap his tartan around his chest and his kilt around his hips. John loved lavishing attention on Sherlock, taking his time to pull his long socks and shoes on, kissing his hair and his cheeks as he ran his fingertips down his biceps.
This morning, she's reading the newspaper, tea at her fingertips. She hears a scrape near the window.
After a minor spat about what to ask, where to go, and who to talk to, John is out the door. He goes to the drug house where John had found Sherlock, where he'd first met Billy. He walks in the dimly lit crack house; calls out for Billy. No answer.
When Sherlock was wet and open, John sat up and pulled off his plaid and kilt. He sat back on his knees and heels, his cock red and dripping, jutting out straight from his body. Sherlock ran his fingers through his own hair, pulling at his scalp, "How will it fit? John, please, how will that fit..."
Hamish began speaking, "He has some but I don't really think so because they're not here-" The grandpa squeezed Hamish's shoulder and he was quiet.
"Yes..." John knows, understands what Mycroft is going to say. John is ill. This will be worse, this will be worse.
The battle between kindness and sharpness was never more difficult on this case. They had been running on little sleep and caffeine for three days trying to catch a kidnapper. Without question, the two men put their all into kidnapping  cases. When Anderson, a snarky crime investigator, thoroughly botched up crime scene photos Sherlock came unglued. The two men got into a shouting match that John and Greg had to get in between. As John put himself in front of Sherlock, he made an off-hand comment, "The photos won't help Sherlock. The kidnapper is too smart for that to make a difference."
When they arrived back at the home, John parted to lead his stallion and Sherlock went up to his room. Though it was only nearly noon,  he felt tired. When he arrived in his room William was pouring boiling water into the copper tub. John Watson's betrothal clothes had been refreshed and laid on the bed with a satchel of dried lavender and mint.
Sherlock didn't speak but moved his hand backwards to grab John's hip and urge him to push in deeper. They rocked and undulated against one another. Sherlock turned inward to give himself enough friction to rut against the bed, crying out and coming with shaken, broken noises.
Sherlock's heart is breaking and his mind palace begins to crumble. All he can do is put his head down and scream.
He dried off, dressed in shorts and a T-Shirt, then decided to take off the T-Shirt. He debated what to do next. Sherlock wouldn't be back for a while, he didn't have anything particular to do, didn't feel like doing much.
- a sharp opening and closing of his fingers spread and then collapsing down to his thumb, mimicking an open mouth closing. John waited, silent, head cocked to the side. The man hit backspace a few times, then shoved the phone at John to read what he'd typed on his own phone.
Sherlock lost track of how many times he rounded the pasture on the horse. On coming back round to the house the last time, he saw John Watson and his father watching him. As he got closer, he saw Lord Watson's face was pale, and he was shaking his head. As he got closer, he stopped the horse right in front of the two men. As he jumped off the back off the horse, he came around the front, leading the horse. The stallion was completely calm.
John turned his head and looked up at Sherlock, "Just waiting. I was so sick with worry. I worked on our home. I needed something to preoccupy my mind, rather then watch you in unconscious and fitful sleep."
Sherlock had given Hamish and John space as they'd gotten ready for Hamish's weekend away from home. He was dusting the living-room out of nerves when Mycroft texted him.
Painted on the white wall outside the Captain's office was the message "If you marry those fags, someone will die." For some reason, this reminded John of a Harry Potter book, but he couldn't recall why.
Sherlock had a wild thought that this might be how others feel when he went on about his deductions. He was fuzzy minded with medication, and this child was talking so quickly while jumping topics, Sherlock had mentally mapped the sentences to stay on the trail.
John rolled him over on his stomach, snapping his hips and body down into Sherlock's, coming quickly. He collapsed on top of the detective, leaving a trail of kisses against his nape curls as he rolled off onto his back.
William brought Sherlock closer to the fire and bid him to sit. In their Highlands Blackhouse most rooms ran one into the other. It was a long house, with a few glass windows, and moss growing on  the roof. At one end of the home was a barricaded wall and the sheep slept on the other side of that partition. The sheep helped keep the house warm, and they were free to wander from inside the house to outside on the edge of the hills, the stubby grassed pasture.
"No. I won't go with you. John hates me now. I can't bear to hear him say it. I'll break into pieces if I have to listen to him tell me to my face he won't marry me now--"
"Sherlock, I'm not taking you to bed for the first time outside. It's nearly evening. Let's ride back for the celebration."
John felt cold dread settling in his bones. He ached, he loved this man, and he'd had a short taste of what it would be like to be with him romantically. It appeared it was over already. He prayed Sherlock was talking about the case, but he knew that was wishful thinking.
Sherlock didn't do or say anything else, but turned on his side, with his back to John. When John heard his breathing slow, he scooted closer to him, gently running his fingers through Sherlock's hair, being careful not to touch his scalp. He was tempted to pull the detective into his arms, but he wasn't sure if it would be welcome or not.
"Hello, my name is Angelo." As he spoke, the man signed, allowing Sherlock to more easily follow the conversation. "Sherlock here got me off a murder charge, proving I was off another place robbing a house." At this, Sherlock and Angelo sign back and forth animatedly. Finally, Angelo sighed. He continued speaking, signing at the same time, "Sherlock says he was only interpreting. However, I know for a fact he sees and understands more than the police ever will, so I am positive he pointed the DI in the direction of the evidence they missed to catch the real killer." At this praise, Sherlock blushes, but Angelo continues, speaking and signing together, "Now, let's get the best seat in the house for you and your man, right where the lighting is best with extra candles." John is thrilled at being seen as Sherlock's man, and overjoyed that he didn't correct Angelo's assumption.
Sherlock sat up a bit, then pulled out a couple of items from the box. John commanded, "Tell me everything you do. Everything you think of when you're doing it."
He watches Sherlock go out, and come back hours later. Obviously well fucked and high as a kite. Sebastian tries to talk him through it. Offers coffee, suggests a cold shower. Sherlock rejects it all.
"We've got to go to the theatre, mom and dad. Be back about 1am." John yelled. Sherlock felt incredibly young. He'd assumed that John was a loner, like him. Even though his apartment was sparsely decorated and he was independent didn't mean he lived life on his own. John's home, Sherlock felt, was in the wood of the restaurant and in his parents' loving, but overbearing, care.
John turned white, "Did I jump ahead too many steps? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to imply anything. I didn't mean--"
to the end of the sentence, but he stops himself. The idea of marrying Sherlock, even just for a case, has propelled his brain forward in joyful hope.
Greg told John to calm down, which only caused John to rush his child and leave even faster. When they were gone, Mycroft came out of the kitchen. Emilie and Clara looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.
"John?" He called out. This was his slightly panicked way of saying his name when he was worried, or tired.
John heard Sherlock flop backwards on the bed with a groan. John responded affirmatively for the both of them, and they entered the ship's honeymoon suite a day early.
It was worth it, in a morbid way, John thinks, to finally see all those layers removed. Sherlock's eyes watering and lip trembling, "Mycroft, please, tell me you're not hurt."
"Please, let Seb and Moriarty talk as much as they want. They're both bastards, but..." He puts his head down on his knees, breathing in and out raggedly.
"No, I'm not, and you can call me Sherlock. I'm used to just being alone with my violin or my skull to keep me company."
He rolled over onto John, covering John's back and ass with his entire body. They were both still naked. Sherlock bestowed kisses along John's neck and shoulders. Instinctively, he ground his pelvis, and his cock, down into John's pelvis. His penis, which was becoming hard, slipped just a bit in between John's cheeks. At this, John began to wake and turn his head over. He whispered in a gravely tone, "Sherlock?"
Mycroft moved to to him, kneeling at Sherlock's other side. He moved so quickly Sherlock felt another wave of dizziness hit him. Mycroft put his hand on Sherlock's face, like he did when they were children, "He just went to get you a blanket. He will be right back. Then we will take you and let you rest in our house. The room is bigger and the bed is on a stand. Tavis and I can look after you and tend to your injuries--"
"There will be no just in case," Roderick grins. He's got a slim nose like Mycroft, but with his dark coloring, he looks unlike Sherlock. He's his own creature.
"Sherlock!!" He yells as loudly as he can. He sees Sherlock jump, spilling water out of the glass he's carrying towards him.
"But I still don't understand," John stepped around Mycroft to stare at Sherlock. Sherlock stares back at him, but his face was absolutely unreadable. John breaks eye contact.
At the same time, he’d expected something more of a reaction. After Sherlock’s initial outburst, everything settled very quickly. They’d arrived at an understanding very quickly, things clicking into place with the same easy acceptance that characterised much of their relationship. John loved Sherlock. Sherlock loved him, but was in no state to actually do anything about that. John understood this, and was perfectly willing to wait however long it took, and take whatever Sherlock could give him; which was rather more than he’d actually expected at the time. Sherlock had allowed John to comfort him and be close to him. They’d fallen asleep holding hands. Sherlock did the same for him, too. In the cab back from Mary’s (it was almost surprising, how quickly he ceased to think of it as ‘his’ house), Sherlock put his arm around John, allowing him to rest his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck, his prominent collarbone fitting perfectly against the slight dip in John’s temple.
Filler-ish chapter today. I needed to move the story along, chronologically speaking. I've spent eleven chapters on the last two days.
For John, Sherlock reminded himself. He was doing this for John. Lying there, in his bed that would be forever soiled by this memory, feeling Magnussen’s come leaking out out him, Sherlock felt like he almost hated John Watson, just a little.
“Fuck, Sherlock, it’s good to see you.” John groaned. He took hold of Sherlock’s curls, tipping his head back so he could leave a trail of red marks down that pale, perfect neck.
It was not okay. Just the thought of John walking out that door sent Sherlock’s heart racing with anxiety. Still, what choice did he have? “Okay.” He said quietly.
“Oh, that’s good. I was going to have you hold the vibrator, you know. It’s unfortunate your arms are so short.”
John gave him barely a second to get used to it before he was drawing the sound back out and pushing it into Sherlock again. Sherlock gasped and whined, chest heaving, his palms and his feet buzzing with the intensity of it as adrenaline pounded through his blood.
At the moment, Sherlock was too keyed up. If he came, it would be both powerful and unsatisfying, and the residual adrenaline from the scene would stay, buzzing in his blood instead of allowing him the usual post-coital exhaustion and relaxation. He needed to be taken down, needed an outlet for the energy that coiled and twisted in his veins.
“Hold that pose.”  He was instructed, as the photographer went over to his equipment, adjusting the lighting and taking a few photos before coming back to pose him in another position. Sherlock kept his mind blank through the whole ordeal, mindlessly following along as he was instructed. When finally they packed up and left, he remained motionless and unresponsive, staring blankly into the dead space in front of him. It was hours before he moved, getting up and going into the bathroom to take a long shower.
Watson stepped forwards, shooting Sherlock an apologetic look as he spoke. “Mr Holmes. If you could just lie down- and put your arms above your head- yeah, just like that. Cross your legs at the ankles? Just a little bit more, like this-”
Sherlock glanced at John and flushed, caught off guard by the openly adoring look on John’s face. He cleared his throat. “We should find a hotel.”
And that's the end for this one! And we're back to porn in the next installment of this series. Thanks to everyone still reading and commenting!
That was the closest John came to a giant, though they were supposedly quite common in the mountainous regions of Afghanistan. Most would probably be relieved about that, but John was honestly a little disappointed.
Sherlock gave him a long-suffering look. “At some point, someone is going to stumble across all this.” He waved a hand at the grisly tableau before them. Leaving it as it is, they’ll figure out that Mycroft never fired his gun. They’ll want to know who killed Magnussen. That’s you, by the way. He’s a well known, wealthy businessman. This will be a high-profile case. They won’t stop until they’ve found you and locked you away for good. I, for one, would like to avoid that outcome. Hence this.” He brandished the gun he’d taken from Mycroft. Now it’s a much simpler case. Two men in a room, both dead, wearing bullet holes that match the gun the other is holding. An open and shut case. The police love those, they’ll never bother to think any further, as long as we both get out of here undetected. Which I’d like to do now, so if we could get going…”
Pressed up against him, Sherlock could feel John’s breathing, slow, deep, and even- too even. John only breathed like that when he was distressed, a product of therapy ‘breathing techniques’. Sherlock had no idea what to do or say, but John didn’t seem to demand any further comfort than for Sherlock to allow him to lean against him. Sherlock rubbed his hand up and down John’s upper arm, remembering that from some show he’d watched with John on the telly. John lifted his head to look Sherlock in the eye, smiling weakly.
Throughout the rest of the morning there was a distinct sense of something missing, an empty space determinedly unacknowledged by the whole family. All three Holmeses remained determinedly chipper, and though John occasionally caught a melancholy look cross Mr Holmes’ face, or saw Mrs Holmes turn away for a second to dry her eyes, he didn’t dare bring up the elephant in the room, not when everyone else was ignoring it so completely. When they sat down for Christmas lunch, still in their pyjamas, John was left with the uncomfortable awareness that he was sitting in what would probably have been Mycroft’s place, were he still around to sit in it.
Magnussen’s fingers carded slowly through Sherlock’s wild, sweat-damp hair. “I thought you would have figured it out before today. He pressed the vial into Sherlock’s hands. “It’s only saline water. You can test it, if you like. I know how you prefer to gather your own evidence.”
He grasped Sherlock’s leg, bending his leg a little more. Sherlock followed each instruction, allowing himself to be posed and positioned. He sank into his head, picturing himself as a lifeless doll, blocking out useless thoughts of modesty or outrage.
There were novels in the way the pair glanced at each other. “I see.” She said again, slightly more surprised. She wondered whether it had been Sherlock or John who’d pulled the trigger. John was the soldier, but she’d heard stories of the things Sherlock had done while he was dead, though she hadn’t known it was him at the time. They both had equal motivation to do it.
Mycroft shook his head miserably. He didn’t need to spell it out loud for John to hear. The signs were all there, from the slight sheen of dried come on Sherlock’s inner thighs to the utterly dead look in his eyes.
He reached back, grabbing his coat off its hook. Panicked, Sherlock darted forwards, stopping just before he hit John’s personal space. “Don’t go.” He pleaded.
So...hmm. I'm not really an angst writer, believe it or not. Why do I write so much angst, then? Because I love it. Because it's honestly important for a plot most of the time. But sweet and fluffy things flow much easier from my fingertips than crying and upsets. (*whispers* this is because of my own tendency to keep a tight lock on my negative emotions so as not to bother people with them) Anyway, what I'm trying to say with this is that I'm too uncomfortable with this chapter emotionally to actually assess how good it is. So please let me know.
Charles Augustus Magnussen regarded him for a moment, pausing in the doorway before coming in. “I know, it’s awfully late.” He murmured. “I just thought I ought to pop by, seeing as I’m part of the reason you’re in here.”
There was a moment of silence, as the stand-off seemed to stretch into infinity. Then Magnussen began to speak.
He walked them towards the bed, toppling Sherlock backwards as he fell forwards on top of him, framing Sherlock’s lean form with his elbows and knees. He smiled down at Sherlock, leaning down to kiss him before getting up.
Sherlock shook his head. “It’s...too complicated. It was months ago, and after insisting that I don’t remember, it will seem so suspicious to suddenly say that it was her, and considering the timing, and the fact that if you move back in with me now it would seem like an ulterior motive...it isn’t feasible. Besides, I strongly suspect she might just kill me again and then leave the country. It’s not like Mycroft is around to help stop her.”
Mummy Holmes met them at the gate, tearfully enfolding her son in a hug as soon as he got out of the cab. John hung back with the bags, awkwardly making eye contact with Mr Holmes, who was standing in the doorway to the house.
The drive over to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital took an agonizing two hours. John napped against Sherlock’s shoulder as Sherlock stared out the window, absently noting that they were taking almost exactly the same route that Magnussen had taken driving then up to Appledore. It was difficult to believe that had only been yesterday. So much had happened since then. Sherlock still wasn’t sure how he felt about that. Yesterday he’d faced a life filled with humiliation and rape. Today, he was free, but his brother was dead. If he could choose, would he take that suffering to keep Mycroft alive? Of course he would. Then why did he feel relieved? He was relieved that Magnussen was dead. He was even relieved that it was not John who had been shot. Which was terrible, awful. He shouldn’t feel relieved that his brother had thrown himself in front of a bullet. He was a horrible brother for even thinking that, and he didn’t deserve to be sad about it as well.
Sherlock nodded. “Anyway, I can always learn. Or buy a book of useful phrases at the airport and memorise it on the plane, which is significantly easier.”
John could have spent hours teasing Sherlock like this, keeping him dancing on the edge of orgasm until he cried with the pleasurable torture of it, but his own cock was straining against his trousers, and so he stood, undoing his belt and pushing down his trousers and pants to free his hard cock. He rolled on a condom, stroking his cock slowly as he watched Sherlock hungrily.
As if he knew he was being thought of (but then, John was always thinking of him), the door to the lecture hall banged open, and Sherlock strode in, coat billowing. John could feel his smile becoming a lot less forced. “Hello, love.” He said warmly, as Sherlock dipped his head to peck him on the lips.
This fic will be more talking and less happening, unlike the last one. Bit of an interesting change, but I didn't want to be all dialogue. I hope I managed to strike a decent balance.
What John saw was Sherlock stopping short and shedding his coat, before emitting an inhuman shriek. As John stared in astonishment, a pair of wings burst through the back of Sherlock’s shirt filling the alleyway. The shriek was not a shriek, but a beautifully seductive song. It filled John’s head until no thought remained, only a blank, relentless desire. He’d follow that song anywhere, even through fire, or off the end of a cliff. John trailed after Sherlock in a daze as Sherlock stalked down the alleyway towards the suspect, who first froze in shock, then began stumbling towards Sherlock, irresistibly drawn in by his song. He didn’t resist as Sherlock took his wrists, snapping the handcuffs around him.
“Oh.” She said softly, looking over Sherlock. She’d clearly had no idea her teacher was engaged, or interested in men. John wasn’t generally the sort of teacher who talked about his personal life in class. “Well, um. I was just going to say. Thanks. Um, it was really great, having you as a teacher. So, well. Bye, Doctor Watson!” She scurried off.
As much as I love omniscient and omnipotent Mycroft, I love a Mycroft who is fallible and limited just as much.
Sherlock didn’t leave the house for days. For the first time in years, he was terrified that he mightn’t pass, if someone saw him on the street. The rational part of him reminded him that hormones weren’t that fast acting, that a single dose of oestrogen couldn’t undo years of hormone therapy in less than a week, that in the end hormones weren’t even the most important part, compared to his mannerisms, the way he dressed and carried himself, things that oestrogen couldn’t take away from him. In fact, he’d been passing, for the most part, long before he even began hormone replacement therapy.
John might have continued on, living with Sherlock and imagining that he was nothing more than an extraordinary but ultimately human human being, and Sherlock would have been happy to let him, except that occasionally, the powers he’d inherited came in quite useful on cases.
She nodded. “He did. I won’t tell you what, but I suppose you deserve to know what he wanted of me.”
As if on cue, the door to his office creaked open, and a familiar face peered found the corner before breaking into a wide grin.
Sherlock whipped out his phone as he began to walk, typing quickly. “Can’t take either of the cars we came in, that would be too obvious. There’s a small town an hour east of here. We can rent a car from there.”
an infection.” Sherlock pouted but allowed John to tug him into a standing position, padding over to the bathroom to pee.
“Stop that.” John said sternly. He leaned down, softening the order with a kiss. “As I know you’ve already deduced, I’ve got plans for you, and I intend to stick to them. You’ll have to wait until tonight. No, don’t pout at me, I’m not going to change my mind.” He looked down at Sherlock, a dark sort of excitement lighting up his eyes. “What you’re feeling now? That’s nothing to what it’ll be like by tonight. I’m going to have you aching for me, utterly desperate. I’ve got all day to tease you, and I’m going to take full advantage. And then, tonight, I promise, you’ll get everything you’ve been waiting for.” He smiled at Sherlock. “Sound good?”
Sherlock had two modes of eating- vacuum cleaner and picky child. He was currently displaying the second mode. He ate his peas like this- he speared them carefully on his fork, one on each tine. Once he had four peas on his fork, he swiped them through the mashed potato and ate them. Then he had one slice of sausage. He’d pre-sliced the sausages beforehand, calculating the thickness to leave him with exactly the same number of slices as the number of peas divided by four.
Sherlock whined in protest, trying to rut up against John. John clamped his legs tight, effectively pinning Sherlock to the mattress.
Sherlock undressed John, taking his time about it, long fingers stroking over each bit of golden skin as it was revealed. This wasn’t his first time seeing John naked. There had been plenty of accidental glimpses over the years of cohabitation. There had also been less accidental glimpses for a few weeks now. The first time had been an accident, Sherlock walking in John while John had been changing. Sherlock had nearly dropped his cup of coffee, too surprised and aroused to even attempt to tear his eyes away. John had seemed quite pleased by Sherlock’s reaction, and since then, John had been much less shy about changing in front of Sherlock, or even just hanging about in their room in just his pants.
He’s sleeping in his new makeshift bed when John pops by, two days after Magnussen. He’s got takeaway- Chinese. He frowns at Sherlock when he sees him.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “I wouldn’t have suggested it if I was uncomfortable with being physically close to you.” He paused, frowning. “Unless you’re asking because of my- experiences with Magnussen. The answer to that is also no. He always left after. Or he didn’t stay to sleep, anyway. Therefore, sharing a bed with you is unlikely to be a triggering experience.”
John, bless him, picked up on Sherlock’s meaning without him having to say it directly. “Because. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I love you like I have never loved anyone else. Never have, and never will again. What we are...nothing could top this.”
My favourite thing about this scene, and particularly this chapter, is the way the trust has grown in them even in just one year. Obviously, Sherlock has to trust John to do this to him, but that part was already well established in In Safe Hands. In this scene, John is the one who really has to trust
After a few moments, Sherlock turned over, kissing John. He took hold of John’s hard cock, stroking him with a by-now expert hand, until John came as well, moaning and spurting messily between them.
“Good. I’m glad.” Sherlock’s tone held a note of pleased surprise, and he wrapped his arms around John, glaring over John’s shoulder at his parents, especially his mother who seemed like she was on the verge of audibly ‘aww’-ing at them.
Okay, so you've probably noticed that this is the last chapter. I just realised that a lot of what I had planned to write was kind of draggy and predictable. So I'm ending this work here. It's not the end of the series, though. I just decided that how I want to write the next bit makes more stylistic sense as a new part of the series. The pace of the story is going to change. I spent twenty-one chapters on a single week, it doesn't feel right to in the same fic start covering weeks in single chapters. So, there's more to come. Just as a sequel. It's not the end!
“Is this what you had in mind?” John murmured in a low voice. “Not quite, I’m guessing. I know what you want. You want me in you, want me to fuck you and fill you up, to push my cock so deep into you that you can’t even
Sherlock smiled. “About there. Longer than we spent here together, which was only about a year and a half.”
Sherlock trudged up the stairs, still half asleep, and immediately crashed onto the couch, which had been his makeshift bed for months. John folded the afghan on the back of the couch down over Sherlock’s body, carefully tucking him in. He glanced over at Sherlock’s closed bedroom door, finally making the connection between Magnussen and Sherlock’s new sleeping arrangements. John couldn’t help but think of how Sherlock’s bedroom had used to be a safe place- by unspoken agreement neither John nor Mrs Hudson ever went in there, except for danger nights. Inside was nothing like the chaos of the living room- it was dimly lit and sparsely decorated, the periodic table on one wall and some bee diagrams on the other. It was calm, quiet, private, and entirely his own. Magnussen had taken that private, safe place away from Sherlock, and John sizzled with impotent anger at the thought. Death had been to good for that man.
“What are you actually going to do about Mary?” Sherlock asked, just to distract John. The topic would have needed to be broached before they got back to London anyway. “What you said, just now. While I appreciate the sentiment, she is both highly dangerous and carrying your child. I doubt she would be happy. She’s...quite possessive.”
Mycroft didn’t bother with any preamble either. He succinctly laid out the situation to John, explaining what he needed. John blinked, a worried frown tilting down the corners of his mouth.
John could’ve said something cliche like ‘write from your heart’, but he knew that Sherlock wouldn’t know what to do with that. He was looking for real advice. John remained silent for a while, thinking.
Scanning over the students’ final grades one last time, John clicked ‘Send’ and leaned back in his chair with a sigh. The academic year was finally officially over. John couldn’t decide if he was relieved or disappointed. He was looking forward to the month or so of rest he allowed himself before he started preparing for next term, but at the same time, he expected that he’d rather miss this batch of students; especially one student in particular…
“It’s silly joke, really.” Sherlock hedged, handing John the box. “You have everything you need, and I know you hate impractical gifts. I just thought it might make you laugh.”
Sherlock shrugged, easily reading John’s thoughts off his expressive face. “I got it a while back. Wasn’t too hard to just bring it along.” He dashed up the stairs, taking them two at a time, and came back with a small box.
He had a grand time, but Nana always said that they had to start heading back even before the sun started to set, so they would be back well before dark. The sun wasn’t as high in the sky as it had been, so John figured it was about time to start going back. Only, he didn’t have any idea where back was.
Sherlock kissed him back enthusiastically, cupping the back of John’s head with one hand while looping the other around his waist. They’d both been waiting for this moment for months; months of coffee dates passed off as discussions about coursework, of Sherlock smoldering at John from across the lecture hall even as the both of them knew nothing could happen between them yet.
John raised one eyebrow. He stood, crossing the room to stand close to Sherlock. “Just to say goodbye, Sherlock? Is that why you came here, in your tightest jeans, and- hm, is that lip gloss? Going all out, hmm? I thought you might’ve deduced that you wouldn’t need to try so hard to seduce me.”
Sherlock’s blood ran cold. Out of all the things he might have considered- that was not one of them. The idea of having that inside him, reversing everything that he had worked for for years- he couldn’t imagine anything worse. He’d fought so hard to be Sherlock Holmes. Magnussen would undo all of that.
By midnight on Christmas Day they were in the air, two hours into a nine hour flight to Philadelphia, Sherlock giggling into a corner shop sandwich with his head against John’s shoulder as John sang Elton John songs at him under his breath.
He was in the middle of that when John let himself into the flat. “Hey, Sherlock. What’s up? Mrs Hudson said you were-”
John opened his drawer, pulling out a tube of lubricant. He slicked up his fingers and slid one slowly into Sherlock, then two, working him open with deliberation. He spread Sherlock open for him, rubbing the pads of his fingers against Sherlock’s prostate, making Sherlock gasp and rock his hips back against his fingers.
The moment the thin, wintry sunlight filtering through the curtains was bright enough to see, Sherlock was shaking John awake, smiling excitedly.
.  You know they’ve got nothing better to do than be unnecessarily nosy-” He mimicked a high-pitched voice. “‘Why yes, officer, I did see something strange that day...these two men, down at the local...never seen them before, but one of them was crying, it was so strange...Why yes, he did look a bit like that Sherlock Holmes fellow on the telly...and his friend, Doctor Watson…’ So yes, I do need to ‘pretend I don’t care’ at least until I can get home, so if you would kindly let me get on with it, that would be much appreciated.”
The second attempt went much better than the first. He didn’t have to touch himself directly, and even at a low setting the vibrator made him limp with pleasure, panting heavily as he felt his orgasm building. Just as he reached his peak, a wild panic overwhelmed him, and he ripped the vibrator away, gasping as he tried to figure out where that sudden spike of unbridled terror had come from.
Sherlock handed the empty juice box back to John, still talking a mile a minute, and John let out a fond chuckle. Sherlock stilled, his eyes narrowing at John. “What’s so funny?” He asked.
John began to stroke Sherlock’s cock firmly, reaching down with his other hand to turn on the vibrations on the plug. Sherlock thrusted desperately into John’s fist, mouth open, moaning in panted breaths as pleasure built rapidly in him until he tipped over the edge, coming into John’s fist with a cry.
John watched Sherlock take it all in with a patient smile, content to just be standing there, gazing up at Sherlock. He looked ethereally beautiful in that moment, even more so than usual, backlit by soft orange lights, eyes bright, his breath escaping his mouth in frozen wisps.
It wasn’t to say that nothing worked ever. It was just that you couldn’t rely on any sort of technology in the house to be at all reliable. John learned quickly to adapt, just as his dorm mate said he would. He started taking his tea black, and kept a stash of candles ready for the weekly blackout. He made sure to start attempting to do his laundry well before he ran out, just in case the washing machine broke down. By the time he graduated, he barely noticed the gremlins as anything out of the ordinary.
There was a moment of silence as Sherlock got to his feet. “Well, I’m glad no blood got on this dress.”
“Of course. Let me just-” John was panting heavily too, and after a brief moment of silence he groaned low in his throat. “Fuck, Sherlock.” He sighed. The knowledge of what had just happened hit Sherlock belatedly, and a thrill of arousal ran through him at the thought of John there on the other end of the line, touching himself, thinking of Sherlock and making himself come, all while Sherlock listened in.
“I thought you might want to wait until morning to put it on. You must be sensitive.” John pointed out.”
Sherlock huffed. “I love you too, John. But do pay attention. This photograph, it’s of awful quality, but still, you can clearly see here in the top right-hand corner that-”
call emergency services, they’re both already dead. And for God’s sake, don’t step in the blood, either.”
. He felt John adding more lube, and then something else was pressed to his slit, slightly thicker than before. Slowly, John pushed it in, and Sherlock groaned as he realised that this one was ever so slightly ridged, the textured surface rubbing against the inside of his cock. John pushed this one as deep as before. Sherlock’s mouth fell open as he sucked in great lungfuls of air, blood rushing in his ears. John’s thumb began to rub at the head of his cock, and he jerked and moaned, feeling himself go limp as he overloaded with pleasure. Then John’s hands disappeared, and Sherlock let out a low moan. It grew louder when he felt John’s fingers at his arse, two fingers pushing into him.
He began to sing, something they’d heard on the radio in the cab back. It was some pop song, an upbeat, thinly veiled metaphor for sex. John’s mouth was suddenly dry as a desert, his cock hard as steel. His skin suddenly felt raw and sensitive, aching for any touch. Just the scratch of his wool jumper against his skin almost made him moan aloud.
The hospital at three in the morning was almost completely silent. What little sound there was filtered sluggishly through Sherlock’s morphine-slow brain- the tapping of the night nurse at the keyboard, footsteps passing up and down the corridor. Sherlock lay awake, staring at the ceiling, unable to sleep, turning over in his head his most recent interaction with the woman known as Mary Morstan.
It was strange to see him like that. Mycroft had carefully cultivated an aura about himself, to make himself seem put together and in control, a watchful eye that never sleeps. He never let anyone see him naked, either literally or metaphorically, and he never let anyone see that he had a heart. Yet there he was- naked, a hole ripped right through him to expose his heart. It was his body and his face, but the body looked nothing like Mycroft. It held nothing of who he was.
John took advantage of Sherlock’s surprise to begin thrusting into Sherlock, holding his slim hips tight as he pounded into him, making Sherlock whine and cling to him.
John’s eyebrows rose- he’d been expecting that Sherlock was asking to come. He’d been planning on ending it, as it the scene had already been intense enough for one evening. Still, he wasn’t in the habit of denying Sherlock- admittedly, John had quite the spoiled sub. John decided to check in with Sherlock before making a decision.
Sherlock isn’t stupid enough to think that Magnussen has forgotten. He isn’t sure what Magnussen’s game is, whether it’s to let him stew in anxiety, or to lull him into a false sense of security, but he knows that, in time, he would be back to collect on his promise. All Sherlock had to do, all he could do, was wait. He’d tried to think of something else he could offer, something better that might save him from giving Magnussen what he wanted. The best he could think of was Mycroft’s laptop, with all the power and secrets that came with it. He was halfway through hatching a convoluted plan before he realised he actually had no intention of carrying it out. Maybe, a couple of years ago, he might have. In the intervening time, though, his relationship with Mycroft had changed in some subtle way. They fought and bickered as much as ever, but he wouldn’t ruin his brother’s career just to get himself out of an uncomfortable encounter- not even a potentially endless series of unpleasant encounters.
“Go sit on the sofa.” Sherlock instructed him. John went and sat, smiling at the sight of Sherlock happy and excited.
There was little he could deduce from the dress. It had been worn before, by someone too short for it- there was a tear in the back from having caught in the heel of the wearer. That made three people who had worn this dress, including himself and whoever it had been made for. From the condition of the dress, Sherlock imagined that this must all have been in the last five to ten years. It was hard to accurately tell; its nearly pristine condition (aside from the tear) indicated it had been rarely used.
John hesitated. “That will need to be worked out.” He said, as evenly as he could. “But you don’t seriously expect that I’m going to go home and say ‘Oh, Mary, I heard today that you shot my best friend. Please don’t do that again, what’s for dinner?’ That’s not- I can’t do that, nor will I.”
