Dean stiffened, realizing all his toys were left out charging, “I think I actually might die.” He turned bright red, pulling away from Cain and covering his face. Cain was already laughing, refusing to let go. When Dean tried a bit harder, Cain just tackled him, pulling him back into the nest. He dragged the blanket over the both of them, facing Dean, “Gabriel.” Is what Dean said as his explanation.
“Dean.” Cain’s low voice cut through some of the fog. Even though he didn’t think he could, he took a deep breath, taking in the calm alpha scent. It was like a bonfire on a cold night. He let out a slow breath, feeling his nerves calm down a bit. He was sitting on the floor, which he didn’t remember getting down on the ground. Colette was sitting next to him, Cain across from him. He saw the shattered bit of glass on the floor and whined, “It’s just a glass. We break them all the time.” Cain caught his stare easily guessing the reason for his distress.
“But correct.” Colette stated, “She said her older brother was looking for someone to help him as well. He has newer cars, Dean, I wasn’t sure your proficiency with them.”
It was a few more minutes before he heard the sliding door open and shut. Cain came out with a bowl and mug in his hands.
His alpha was ransacking his room, the posters were all over the floor and the ornaments were smashed. Dean didn’t know whether he could throw up or not. His mind didn’t seem to want to focus on the present. He couldn’t think but to stare at the glass shards that were all over the floor.
“What happened to your alpha?” Cain asked as he slid over the best bacon and egg sandwich Dean had ever seen with a side of home fries. Dean glared at him, knowing he wouldn’t be able to resist such a tempting offering. It was a peace offering as Cain asked a question that Dean didn't want to talk about. And Cain
It all happened a bit too quickly for him to stop it. A waitress was laughing at a comment someone made as she turned around with her tray. It was too late to stop it as a drink slid across the tray and launched onto Dean.
“Yeah.” Dean said with a smile. Sam snuggled in tighter to Dean, he hadn’t done this since he had been young, “You used to snuggle like this when you were a baby.” Dean whispered.
“Yes-huh.” She retorted, hands on her hips, “Plus, you’re sleeping in the middle because it’s your turn to deal with him.” She winked.
“Obviously.” Dean responded with a smile. It was nice to talk about something that clearly the alpha was passionate about. Usually at the garage, he was always quiet. Staring at Dean as he explained how to do different things. Clearly, a few doctor questions had him rambling. While Dean usually found it uncomfortable to talk to people about it, Castiel's 'doctor voice' made it a bit better. Castiel’s cheeks flushed a bit, “Want to schedule a time to go over some car details? I’ve gotten parts in, but we’re getting to be at that time that we need to make some big decisions.”
“The meds help with the woozy feeling.” Cindy told him, showing him the items she had collected for him, “There are a few heat packs in there as well.”
this. It was dark out and there was a missed call from Castiel on his phone. His cock twitched in his underwear and he wasn’t just sweaty. He really didn’t miss this.
"Well, I mean I'm gonna try to keep her from carrying them but she is extremely stubborn. But yeah that's the gist of it. "I answered.
I blinked a few times thinking maybe it was just coincidence that we had caught each other's eye but after all the blinking the scrawny creepy guy was still staring. Eventually he grabbed his things and I let out a sigh thinking he was headed towards the door, but instead he headed straight for me. He sat down and introduced himself and said something about me being a pretty beta and looking lonely but I was too terrified to speak. Although he was scrawny I could still sense that he was an alpha. I couldn't see how someone like him could be an alpha but before I let him move any closer I found my voice while jumping up and announcing I was leaving. I guess Dean had seen how afraid I was and was already strolling in my direction. Much to my relief, Dean caught my eye and winked before pulling a lie about me getting a ride from him seemingly out of his ass. The despicable smelling alpha huffed an annoyed sigh but turned and left. Dean had strolled to the back while I packed up my laptop and before I knew it I was walking out and getting into Dean's car with him.  I'm not sure why but being alone with Dean seemed to calm me, or maybe it was because when he stepped into the car the scent of coffee was still lingering.
I was a little dazed throughout class that morning thinking about getting to spend the rest of the afternoon with Dean. Things had been going so well with us. It was easy to be myself, well mostly myself, around Dean. He didn't know that I was an omega though. I had planned on telling him but just hadn't found the right time to have such a serious conversation. It seemed like all of our free time was spent in each other's embrace. We had made out and kissed deeply every day since the first kiss. We had rutted against each other until we nearly came our pants. I had felt his throbbing cock against me more than once and he was certainly well endowed for a beta. I had spent more than one night stuffing myself full of a fake cock or my fingers coming to the thought of it being Dean filling me full.
There are hands, unbuttoning, unzipping, then hands on him, and it feels nothing like touching himself. Every touch is like an electrical impulse, touching something deep within Castiel, spreading throughout his body. Shirts are discarded, messily, as Castiel tries not to break contact. They worship each other's bodies, learning each other's contours.
The Pizza Man in his mind is no longer the version from the movie. Now he has the tiniest sprinkling of freckles. His eyes have turned green. Castiel knows his name but nothing escapes his lips save for harsh breaths.
It doesn't take long until Castiel is trembling with need under Dean's touch, and he's panting against Dean's mouth. Something's looming on the horizon, coming closer and closer, like a threat and a promise all at once. "Dean," the name spills from his lips.
As the world slowly comes back into focus, Dean is stroking himself, and Castiel wraps his hand around Dean's cock. Dean moves his own hand out of the way, then places it over Castiel's, guiding his motions. When Dean lets go, Castiel keeps moving, intently focused on Dean's body language. As Dean starts thrusting up into Castiel's hand, Castiel does his best to match the rhythm.
For a moment they both freeze. Then, Dean's blanket is over him faster than Castiel can blink, but the image of Dean, cock in hand, is burned onto Castiel's retinas.
Dean glances at Cas' tenting pants and swallows. His tongue darts out to moisten his lips. Then he moves, making space on the bed. "Yeah, okay," he mumbles. As Castiel settles next to him, Dean raises a finger at him and says, "But no butt stuff, alright?"
This strange need, a very specific craving for touch, pressure, friction, all centered at his crotch. His palm goes over his pants, over where his body desperately directs his hand. The Pizza Man replays in his mind. Lips and bodies, slick, sliding against each other, with each other, and his mind needs the images as much as he needs the touch of his hand.
Castiel quickly realizes there's a huge difference between observing and experiencing. For everything Castiel does learn from the pizza man, a learning curve still remains ahead. Knowing the theory of an erection versus experiencing one; a world of difference. He now knows the strange need that comes with it.
"Insane good." Dean grins and pulls him in for a kiss. "This pizza man thing? We should do that again sometime."
Then Dean's hand is back as he murmurs, "Tighter," wrapping his fingers around Castiel's. "That's—yeah, just—just like that," he pants. His eyes open for a moment, half-lidded, in a look that can only be described as desperate. "Can I—fuck—can I come on you?" he asks.
"Well well well, I never thought I'd see the day." Sam said comically. "My big brother getting all lovey dovey over some guy."
I brought my hand to the back of his neck and pulled him closer deepening the kiss. His tongue traced my bottom lip silently asking for access and I opened willingly. I felt electricity run throughout me. The kiss ended sooner than I had liked but the smile on Cas' face was enough to make up for it. His lips were pink and puffy and his eyes were crinkled in the corners. He had a deep flushed look on his cheeks and his pupils were blown wide with lust.  He was undoubtedly the most beautiful human in existence. As I tried to calm my racing heartbeat, he was the first to speak.
Cas turned the alarm off before smirking at me. He explained it was his alarm to start walking to work through deep breaths while we both tried to catch our breathes.  I nodded and said I understood even though every piece of me wanted to bend him over and stuff him full of my cock.  After a moment I got another brilliant idea.
"Ya know I've always wanted to ask you to hang out but never really knew how to do it. It sucks that it took a creep for me to work up the nerve." Dean said with a chuckle as he walked back in handing me a bottle of water.
"Thank you Dean. I will be fine though. I'll hold the ice there for a few but this stuff will heal. If you hadn't of stepped in when you did I'm afraid he would've created wounds that wouldn't heal" I said.
"You did plenty. I'll never be able to thank you enough for saving me." I said hoping to reassure him.
After our little romp at Dean's apartment, he held my hand on the way to the bookshop. I felt like my chest was going to explode with happiness. Once we arrived at the shop he pulled my hand causing me to lean in close to him. He leaned in to meet my lips for a short sweet kiss. After assuring him that I had already put his number into my contacts I climbed out of the car and walked into the shop.  I must have been glowing putting my things away behind the counter because Charlie instantly perked up when she saw my demeanor.
"Dean, you really don't have to do that. I know you're busy. Plus you should be spending time working on you're classwork." I said.
"Stay put for a minute I'm gonna grab you some dry clothes" Dean said before giving me a quick gentle kiss on my forehead and heading for his room.
After my final class of the day, I walked the short walk to my afternoon job.  It was a small bookshop just off of campus. The walk was short but I still plucked my headphones from the bag. After clicking on my music app on my phone I tucked it into my pocket and set my sights for the bookshop. When I arrived at the shop I instantly knew something was wrong. Charlie, the only other employee I ever worked with, looked very distraught.
I quickly turned on my heel as I heard the grouchy alpha huff and puff out the door. I ran to the back and hurriedly told Ellen what had happened. She shooed me off quickly telling me she understood and to call her later to let her know everything was okay. I agreed and headed back towards Cas. Once I reached the register I grabbed a few things while Cas waited by the door. As soon as I grabbed my keys we headed out towards the parking lot. Cas was right on my heels and although I could tell he had calmed some I could still tell he was nervous. When we climbed in the car, we pulled the doors shut and I looked at him in my passenger's seat.
"It's settled then. I will come by and help you carry them. Wouldn't want you hurting yourself either." Dean said with a smirk.
"Well I hadn't actually thought about it like that." I said suddenly realizing how strange it sounded after saying it out loud. "I didn't really mean to kiss him. It just sort of happened. We talked a lot first, then we watched some cheesy chick flick and before I knew what was happening we were kissing. I even ended up giving him a ride to work, and we texted for awhile last night." I rambled on while Sam stood there smiling at me like I'd never seen before.
As I stood up I could see the bloody mess of his face and my inner alpha absolutely beamed. Bobby was asking questions but I couldn't seem to form words yet. I turned back to the stall that Alistair had come out of and pushed the door open. As I walked closer the smell of terrified omega was thick. I kneeled down close to the omega although I still couldn't see in the dark. I fumbled for the flashlight that had fallen and as soon as I clicked it on and looked back my heart fell. I couldn't breath. My head was spinning. In the corner of the stall the omega was curled into a fetal position and was still sobbing and sniffling. After a moment of the light being on him he lifted his head revealing his red rimmed tearful bright blue eyes.
As soon as the picture was delivered I rolled over to grab the lube from my bedside table. I shimmied out of my shorts allowing my leaking cock to spring free. I had already assured that my door was locked. I flipped the cap of the lube open and squirted some into my palm. I moved it around to warm it a little before grabbing myself and beginning to stroke. I started with slow strokes while biting my lip to stifle the moan threatening to escape my lips. I knew Sam was right down the hall so I needed to stay quiet. As I stroked myself faster I closed my eyes remembering how it felt to have Cas rutting against me in my lap earlier that day. I was already panting and fucking myself fast into my fist. I used my other hand to tweak one of my nipples. I felt the electricity of my orgasm start to surge through me. My breathing and strokes were erratic as I remembered the desperate whimpers that fell from Cas' lips. I felt my knot swell to full as I shot thick ropes of come, biting my lip hard enough to bring blood.
Startled by the voice, Castiel twists his head back to the house in time to see a short, stout woman puttering down the front white porch steps. Donned in a tweed jacket with a large brooch, she reminds Castiel of the matronly ladies his mother used to join for tea at the bridge club.
“What I mean to say, Dean Winchester,” Castiel vows, and Dean chokes back a sob as he blindly gropes for Castiel's free hand, squeezing the life out of his fingers. “I have loved you more than anyone I've ever known, you changed me in so many ways for the better, and I will continue to love you until long after I die, after every molecule of my being has vanished from this earth. Dean, you have my heart and soul,” he removes the little box from his pocket that he's been deftly hiding the past three weeks, “would you do me the honor of allowing me yours?”
Dean's hair is ruffled, his unclean clothes wrinkled, and the man yawns as he finishes stretching. Castiel fails to ignore the rippling muscles of Dean's arms or the sloping angle of the man's neck. The cat kneads at Dean's shirt, yellow eyes still fixed upon Castiel.
“I'm serious, Cassie,” Gabe says softly as they clamber into the bed. “I don't want you to die until we're good and old, all right?”
No matter, Castiel is the owner of this establishment now, and he does not need to wait to make changes, starting with this ruffian asleep on the furniture.
Swearing, Castiel pulls over and gets out on the side of the road. Checking the trunk, he locates the spare and the proper equipment. He's never changed a tire before, but it can't be that hard, right?
Cas stays long enough to finish the coffee and offer his opinion on their latest case (“Definitely not vampires,” as if they hadn't determined that much already), before he's standing and thanking Dean for sharing his drink. Sam smirks but Cas misses it, too busy watching Dean try to contain his growing blush.
This leads to many movie nights, where Castiel comes over to the Singer household, and Dean curls up next to him on an old couch while Bobby goes upstairs and pretends to ignore them. Castiel staves off any activity at his own home, telling Dean he doesn't own a DVD or Blu-ray player (he does, but he left both back in Chicago since he wasn't a movie person before). The couch sees a fair amount of heated action, wet makeout sessions and bodies pressed close together into the cushions. Dean never escalates things further, although, with his uncle only feet away in an upstairs bedroom, Castiel doesn't fault him.
Castiel was born with everything he'd ever needed. He'd never wanted for anything. He'd had a free ride to the college of his choice, be it through grades or top recommendations and his family's bank account. He'd never worked a day in his life until he'd graduated and came back to the family firm. His position as the head of accounting was never in question. He'd never had to fight for anything.
“I mentioned my dad passed when I was in high school, yeah? Turns out he'd had cancer for a while but was too stubborn to go to the hospital.” Castiel feels for the man, squeezing Dean's hand in support, and Dean gives a quick squeeze in return.
Castiel recoils at the menu. Nearly everything is greasy and fried and definitely NOT on Dr. Alder's diet recommendations. But Castiel has been feeling better. The headaches come less frequently these days, and he doubts one meal will kill him.
After they manage to calm down and wipe at each other's tears, Dean takes Castiel by the hand and leads them to the exit, where Rowena is agitatedly pacing a hole into the carpet of the hallway.
They wake up at five to shower, eat breakfast, and dress. Although pressed for time, Castiel manages to take care of business, even if it means Dean hears muffled noises from beyond the bathroom door and bangs on it to ask if he's okay. Dean's dubious expression when Castiel leaves the bathroom looking far too satisfied is a necessary price to pay to ensure Castiel can survive the next twelve to twenty-four hours without a raging hard-on. They eat a quick room service meal Dean ordered of eggs and bacon, though Dean wolfs down more bacon than egg.
Not after he has finally realized what Cas has been after this whole time. How had he not recognized it?  Dean has been throwing down pick-up lines since he was an early teen.  True, Cas's vocabulary might not be quite as... seductive as most, but it's still having the intended effects.  Now that he's aware, Dean can practically see the sexual tension rolling off the angel in waves. And sex, well Dean knows all about that. Does he think this will screw up the friendship he and Cas currently have? Probably. Will he be depressed and moody afterward? Definitely. But this isn't about what Dean wants; this is about what
Dr. Alder may be an asshole on a good day, but he's the Novak family doctor and a damn professional one. He'd been seeing Castiel ever since he stopped going to a pediatrician. The man had been dropping hints for years about Castiel's high blood pressure, but he'd never been taken seriously until now. Until Gabe found out that his brother was one shouting match away from a heart attack.
Charlie was much better off than I was. Her parents were off in a foreign country working exquisite jobs but always sent her more than enough money to get by on. She honestly only worked at the book shop to pass time and hang out with me. I held onto her while a few tears slid down my cheeks. I knew without this job there would be no way I would be able to afford my crappy little apartment. I had barely been scraping by as it was. I tried to gather myself as much as I could. I stood at the counter browsing through jobs on my phone between the few customers we had. I saw a few ads but most I wasn't qualified for. Just before time to close I came across an ad that had my heart racing, the coffee shop. It was the name of the coffee shop where Dean worked. I had the little qualifications that the job required and there was a link to fill out the application that I could do on my phone. I turned the closing sign around before sitting to complete the application.
"I knew he would hire you, I mean who could say no to someone so adorable." I said before leaning over to plant a quick kiss on his already blushing cheek.
Cas being so blunt made my already semi hard cock twitch. I pressed the heel of my hand into it as I released a sigh still speechless after what I just heard.  When I met Cas' eye again I felt like I was physically being pulled towards him. I tried to lean into him again but his hands came up to push me back as he climbed into my lap. He straddled my waist with one knee on either side of me. On instinct my hands grabbed his hips and thrusted up slowly trying to use the friction for a little relief. Cas was putty in my hands. He wrapped his arms around my neck and leaned down to kiss me. The kiss was desperate but everything I needed. My tongue thrashed with his inside our mouths and the needy whimpers I heard from Cas was nearly enough to make me come in my pants untouched. I could feel my knot swelling and I moaned into his mouth. I was gripping his hips tight enough to leave bruises when suddenly his phone alarm went off startling the both of us. Cas reluctantly climbed off my lap and grabbed his phone.
"Hey Cas, would you maybe want a ride to work?" I asked shyly like I hadn't had my tongue down his throat just a few minutes ago.
I felt the blush darken on my cheeks. I could never hide my feelings from Sammy, no matter how hard I tried. I pondered on what to say next and decided it was better to be upfront and honest about it, plus it may help to say it out loud considering I never had.
Charlie gave me another tight hug before asking if I wanted a ride home. I politely declined, figuring I could use the walk home to try and clear my thoughts. She gave a final wave before heading out the door. I finished up the application rather quickly and gathered my things before heading out the door myself.  The walk wasn't very long but I had cleared some of the negative thoughts by the time I got home. I made a sandwich once I was inside and flipped on the tv before having a very unnerving thought. What if the coffee shop was going to hire someone because Dean was leaving? No, that couldn't be it. Dean surely would've said something to me if that was the case. We aren't exactly best friends or anything but I do think Dean enjoys our little morning chats. After going back in forth in my head so long it gave me a headache, I gathered my things to get ready for bed and laid down to a very restless night of sleep.
Dean moaned quietly, two fingers pushing down further. He shot off as soon as those fingers pushed inside slick heat. His hips arched up off the bed as pleasure overwhelmed him, his hand on his cock not even pausing for a second.
“He doesn’t understand, baby.” She said, scooting closer, “but you are perfect, just the way you are.”
Dean preened a bit at the praise of his pack, “She’s a bad ass bitch.” Billie moved to the other side.
fifteen minutes behind was not meant to be interpreted as neglect, his instincts couldn’t help but shut down. He was embarrassed to tell her about it, but Colette had been
him. Alpha's did not growl at people they didn't feel protective over. Dean felt warm all over. He couldn't quite believe what he heard. Castiel squeezed his hand, and Dean realized he was
“Yes, he’s just sick. I want to make sure everything is alright for him.” Dean said stubbornly. The elder man smiled kindly.
“For a while I didn’t want another alpha coming near me” Ana confessed, “It was too difficult, so I used this support to fall back on when I could. And they built me up enough so when I was ready to leave, I didn’t fall back into old habits of not voicing my needs and concerns. Castiel has been the best alpha an omega could hope for, but I help make him be that alpha.” Ana turned to Jody with a grin, “Right?”
Dean chuckled, “C-cute, like y-your mate.” That had Benny laughing loudly. It wasn’t only Dean that jumped at the loud sound, but he smiled when Benny clapped his shoulder.
“Ugh.” For Garth to give less than a chipper response was weird, so Dean was instantly on his feet. When he got to Garth’s station, he froze. Garth’s hand was covered in blood, “Got it caught as it fell.” He pointed do the passenger door that was on the ground.
I couldn't understand. I was sure someone had come in and brought the wonderful scent in but there was no one in sight. I started to turn to check and see if Bobby needed help with the old generator when I heard a loud crash and a muffled whimper coming from the restroom. My head began to spin as I realized the omega I smelled must have walked into the bathroom where that asshole alpha was. After the way Alistair had acted towards Cas I could only imagine what he would act like with an omega, especially one that smelled so good.
After exchanging a few playful punches and Sam teasing me about being all bright eyed over someone we decided it was time to head out towards the car to head to the coffee shop. I couldn't help the smile that refused to fade. We rode to the shop in silence but my mind was running wild with thoughts of the blue eyed boy that I was falling for.
"Oh!" Charlie exclaimed. "What about the guy from the coffee shop? I thought you were working up the nerve to talk to him." She questioned.
It was a short walk from my apartment to the little coffee shop I had grown to love. It was a small place which actually made it better for me. I didn't like places that harbored too many people. It was hard enough containing myself around all of the people at the university. But due to my quiet nature and apparently a god awful resting bitch face most people seemed to steer clear of me anyways. As I opened the door I heard the little bell ring alerting the cashier that someone was there. I stepped in and breathed deeply inhaling the fresh smell of coffee beans and bakery items. The smell was nearly intoxicating. I have never smelled anything like the smell here. It's honestly very comforting although I'm not quite sure why it effects me so much. This morning the shop smelled mostly of blueberries. I stood in line behind a tall young man chatting with Dean, the guy at the counter. You could tell they knew each other by how familiar they were being with each other. Once they noticed me the taller younger one stepped aside ushering me to the counter. Dean, the cashier looked from the other man to me and I could see that he was having a good morning. The taller man who Dean had called Sammy grabbed a cup and a small pastry bag heading out the door.
By the time I got the last text I was already home, so I jumped into the shower before texting back. When I came back I had another new message.
I just couldn't help smiling when he smiled at me. I watched him make my coffee and put a cream cheese Danish along with a blueberry muffin in a small bag. I paid him and we chatted for a minute. I learned the taller man had been Dean's not so little brother Sam. Dean told me that Sam was graduating from the local high school this year. You could see Dean beaming with pride as he talked about his little brother. He talked about how smart Sam was and how he was sure Sam was gonna go on to do incredible things. I didn't talk much. I mostly just listened sipping my coffee until the bell over the door rang and knocked me out of my trance. I quickly glanced down only to see I was now running behind and quickly said my good byes and hurried out the door.
I was loving the muffin Dean had given me. It was delicious. I heard the bell over the door chime but didn't bother to look up, just punched in the wi-fi password and continued typing until I was hit with an awful scent. The person who had walked through the door was no doubt an alpha, one who smelled repulsive. I heard the man's nasally voice order but I still didn't look over. I took a sip of my coffee and tried to inhale the smell of the coffee instead of the alpha's putrid stench. I heard Dean clear his throat and I lifted my head looking towards him only to find the alpha at the counter staring right at me.
I couldn't believe things were moving along so well between Dean and I.  That morning as I gathered my things to head to the coffee shop I couldn't stop smiling. Once I pushed my way through the door at the shop, the bell rang and I saw Dean look away from his brother and a wide smile plastered across his face. As I approached the counter Sam turned around and introduced himself politely while telling me how much he had heard about me. The more Sam talked, the more Dean blushed before finally Dean gave a playful elbow to Sam's ribs and telling him to scram before he was late.
I was taken aback by the shrill sound in his voice but thinking on my toes I quickly concocted a plan. With a glance at Cas and a wink I prayed that he would understand and go along with it.
I felt my blood boiling as my inner alpha growled at the smug prick. I turned around and headed towards the back to grab Bobby before I did something to cost me my job. I hadn't even reached Bobby yet when I heard the asshole storm towards the door and the bell chime signaling he had exited. As soon as the bell chimed Cas stepped out of Bobby's office.  Within seconds he was in reach and I quickly wrapped him up in my arms not caring who saw. I held him tight and kissed the top of his head. When I let go Cas stepped back to look at me. He looked overall calmer but he still looked terrified. I couldn't let this happen again. I needed to protect Cas from this weirdo and in that moment I decided that was exactly what I was gonna do no matter the cost. The prick was right about him not wearing my bite but if I had any say so about it one day he would wear it proudly.
"Freeze you alien!" Sam said in mock surprise. "Where have you taken my grumpy brother? I insist that you bring him back this instant."
I playfully looked shocked clutching at my chest in mock horror. Cas wrapped me up in a hug and I stayed in his embrace until the bell above the door rang, signaling someone had walked in. I turned to face the counter but was met by the sight of the asshole who had hit on Cas before. Cas had disappeared into the back again and for that I was thankful. I took the rude alpha's order and fixed it as quickly as I could so that I could get rid of him. He snickered as I handed him the coffee and muffin he had ordered. He grumbled for a minute before looking over my shoulder no doubt looking to see where Cas went. After a minute he met my gaze.
"Jokes on you it you thought this movie was gonna bother me. It's actually one of my favorites." Dean confessed feeling heat rising in his cheeks.
Walking to the shop felt like a marathon. I had hardly slept and the newly found stress was eating away at me. I had already decided that I wouldn't get my regular expensive latte at the shop, just a regular cup of coffee in attempt to save what little bit of money that I had. When I walked through the door the bell chimed in it's normal fashion, but I wasn't met with the vibrant green eyes I loved seeing. It took me a second but on my way to the counter I saw Dean sitting in a chair on a laptop. Once I reached the counter he started with an apology before bringing his eyes to meet mine. After an awestruck moment of being locked in his gaze I suddenly felt self conscious. I knew I looked like hell but I really hadn't thought about it till this moment.  Suddenly he seemed really excited to see me. He nearly shouted my name causing me to jump a little. He apologized, then looked me up and down causing me to blush I'm sure. He asked if I was okay. His face scrunched up in what looked like confusion followed by anger. I told him I had taken off from my classes today and told him I wanted coffee rather than my usual order. The smell in the shop had almost made me change my mind accompanied by my growling stomach. I reminded myself again that I had food at home and looked around to find a table. I chose one close to the window and started up my laptop.
Cas looked completely exhausted. He looked like he hadn't slept at all. It was a complete contrast from the blue eyed bubbly boy who normally came through in the mornings. He was still gorgeous, although his eyes had bags under them and his eyes themselves were bloodshot. It almost looked like Cas had been crying. That thought sent a pain through my chest. Did someone hurt Cas? Suddenly I felt a shiver of anger forming inside myself. I couldn't quite tell where it was coming from. Normally anger didn't affect me like this but before I could delve to deep into thought Cas spoke.
"Oh, Jo is trying out a new recipe for blueberry muffins. Wanna try one? It's on the house." Dean asked.
"Yeah, I decided to take today off from class. I had some matters of importance to think over." He said in a gruff voice.
"Actually just a large coffee with cream and sugar will do. I have to start watching what I spend, although I can't do without any coffee if I'm going to get through the rest of these applications." He stated looking down at the laptop he was holding.
"You better keep that boy of yours on a tight leash. He's too pretty for his own good. I can only imagine what it would be like to sink my teeth into something like that, but then again I guess you can only imagine too since I don't see him with a bite." The alpha said grinning in that awful smirk he always wore.
"I know. I'm so sorry. I don't know what to say Cas. I will help in any way I can. " She said as she pulled me into a hug.
He reappeared a few minutes later with some sweats and an old ACDC tee shirt. He had even grabbed a pair of his boxers for me. As he stepped closer to me I realized something. I breathed deeply inhaling the aroma that seemed to be radiating from Dean itself. Dean smelled of coffee and sweets and leather. But he had another smell that was just now presenting itself. I could smell the aroma of a concerned alpha. My inner omega screamed as I realized I had been overlooking Dean being an alpha. I assumed the homey coffee smell that always made me feel better had been from the coffee shop itself but that hadn't been  the case at all. The wonderful enticing smell had been this wonderful alpha. My heart was beating at a frantic rate as I began to put all the pieces together. But before I could get too lost in my own thoughts Dean presented the clothes to me and pointed me towards the bathroom. He gave me another peck on the forehead before grabbing my chin and tilting my head up so my eyes could meet his.
The thought of Cas getting off to the picture I sent had my spent cock twitching again. I sent off a quick text letting Cas know I was tired and was gonna head to sleep and he agreed that he was about to do the same. I drifted off to sleep with visions of blue eyes and honestly slept better than I had in months. When the alarm went off the next morning I was in a great mood. I actually looked forward to getting up. I was humming and dancing like a fool when Sam strolled into the living room where I was.
I cleared my throat to get the man's attention. I saw Cas lift his head and look towards me in my peripheral vision. The alpha stared at Cas a moment longer before turning his attention back to me. I finished the transaction quickly thinking he would leave. I was wrong. I watched as he walked right over to Cas. I glanced at Cas and noticed he looked scared. My mind instantly went to racing again. Why did Cas look so afraid? Did this guy have something to do with whatever was up with Cas today? I felt anger coil in my gut and the other alpha could no doubt smell the rage coming off of me. He avoided my gaze and spoke directly to Cas.
"Good. Um, I'm glad. I was worried I was crossing a line. I mean I don't want you to think that I'm some kind of creep who brings random guys back to my place just to jump on them." I stammered out.
I got my apron on and took care of the first few customers. I hated wearing the apron. I knew how awful it probably made me look, but after the conversation with Sam last night I couldn't help the extra jolt of enthusiasm as I waited for Cas. Every time the bell rang above the door I was quick to look up only to see it wasn't Cas.  Sam left with coffee and a pastry and I picked up my laptop after the regular morning rush to get started with my school work. I was nearly through my second class' work when the bell chimed. I didn't bother to look up right away. It was well past the time when Cas would come in. I murmured a quick apology before standing up and locking eyes with the man.
Dean slid down, his legs shifting in the stirrups a bit as he did. He tried not to think about how his legs were wide open, should he close them a bit more? That would probably be counterproductive.
“Love you too Dean.” He kept brushing through his hair as he read the next chapter. Dean fell asleep, breathing in Sam’s comforting scent and listening to him flip the page.
Sometimes you have a plan, then that plan doesn't happen so you have to immediately throw it out the window.
Thankfully, his heat was short and his father decided to be the drunk he was and stay out all weekend. Dean read that many times the first heat was short, and he was glad that it was. Sammy took care of him, and helped him do his homework for the weekend. They aired out the room to get rid of the smell, and Dean was feeling confident for his classes on Monday.
“I got a laptop.” Dean answered. He got it for homework. It was one they were selling at a second-hand shop that was a few years old. Dean hated it, but it wasn’t like he could afford anything else.
Dean’s whole body hurt when he woke up. His cold and unfriendly walls made him want to curl back up in bed and not get out. The heating pad on his bed was cranked up, which meant Bobby had come in to check on him and couldn’t get a response. Dean looked at his phone and it was eleven, so Bobby had tried to get him to go to work. He hated days like today. Where his body would just shut down and refuse to work for him. And he was angry.
“She’s ready t-to be dr-iven ag-again.” Dean answered. He felt a bit nervous that Castiel was clearly staying for dinner. It was still difficult to be around alpha’s. No matter how hard he tried. He was certain he would be alone forever.
“Yeah! It goes through out the whole body. It tells all your body parts what to do.” Sam said excitedly.
“We wanna be surprised.” Benny admitted with a grin, “We’re raisin’ them as gender neutral as we can. Waitin’ for ‘em to tell us how they feel, rather than tellin’ ‘em.” Dean nodded. It was something he hadn’t thought about—probably why no one wanted him as their omega.
“Hi, I’m Billie. I’m an omega. I think my parents thought I’d be a beta—just never occurred to them I’d be anything else other than an alpha or beta, ‘cause anything else would be assuming the
The dessert place Dean had been to once before. The sign ‘Baked for Baked’ had the vague impression of a marijuana leaf. The place was busy, people wandering in and out holding various wrapped treats. The inside was adorable with large display cases, but the whole place was covered in plants. If a flat surface didn’t have a pastry, there was some sort of greenery.
He heard a loud bang, which made him jump, “Sammy?” Dean called out again. It was coming from the direction of the bed rooms. Maybe someone had broken in?
“Quick shower, then food.” Colette nudged him toward the hallway. Dean had taken to keeping some clothes in the guest bedroom if he needed them. Dean was sure that was also helping him stabilize a bit more. It wasn’t an alpha bond, necessarily, but a consistent alpha certainly helped.
Missouri, one of the therapists at the Omega Shelter, had asked him just to see where it went for Dean. Missouri reminded him that he didn’t
“This is 9-1-1, what is your emergency?” The scuffle was loud, Sammy was yelling. Dean felt like his heart was being ripped in two, “The emergency services are being dispatched. What is your address?” The woman on the line sounded concerned, “I need you to take a breath for me, you are doing the right thing for your pup.” Dean took a shaky breath, hearing he was doing the right thing soothed him in a way he didn’t quite understand, “You are protecting your pup. You can tell me where you are located.” Dean mumbled out the address, his teeth gritting so hard that he couldn’t quite spit it out, “You are doing so well honey.” The woman said calmly on the phone, “Help is on the way.” She made soothing sounds as he sat on the floor, his hands above his head.
“Alright, then. Now for the fun part. Slide down to the end of the bench here, and we will take a peak under the hood.” Dean appreciated the car reference, but he tensed up as he squeezed Castiel’s hand tightly.
“Want any?” Dean shook his head. He had nearly stopped drinking completely. It just wasn’t worth it to become a mess again. Pam sent him a ton of articles on why alcohol specifically messes with Omega hormones in ARS. Her stories of drinking with ARS were more embarrassing than Dean’s, not that he ever said that to her.
“I did. For too long.” Cain frowned, “Then I got a call—from Mara, Abel’s mate.” Dean could tell from Cain’s voice and body language that it wasn’t good, “Abel was sick. He needed a drug that I had deemed ‘not cost effective’. I jacked up the price and made it almost impossible to get. Plus, I had cut the R&D budget, so there was no way he could find anything better either.” Cain was quiet for a long time, his eyes a bit glassy, “I didn’t give the final blow, but I may as well have. I killed my brother.”
“W-would always say he would hang out—then never show up. He’d get mad if I was upset. He’d get mad if I asked t-to spend time t-together. Make fun of my s-stutter.” Castiel growled a bit, Dean stared at him.
you. I don’t know if you know that. Ana seemed to think that you didn’t, but I was certain you did.” Dean couldn’t get on his clothes fast enough. He yanked his shirt over his head.
“You call if you need anything, alright?” Cindy said quietly. Dean nodded, knowing he wouldn't. They made slow progress to Paterson’s car, and Dean was very grateful he had not elected to walk home. He wouldn’t have made it out of the school parking lot without Paterson carrying him. They walked to a white sedan where Paterson opened the door and Dean eased into the car. Inside the car, the smell was worse. It smelled exactly like Paterson. Dean couldn’t help but want to retch. Paterson jogged around the car, hopping in quickly. As soon as the car started, he opened the windows.
“You alright?” Cas asked. Dean nodded, but couldn’t make his voice work. Dean wanted to breathe in Cas's scent to get rid of all the alpha's scent all over him but he didn't know how to ask for it. Scenting was a bit more than taking someone's arm. Castiel stepped closer, squeezing Dean's arm. Dean couldn't help but move in closer, taking in Cas's scent. The first pull nearly shut Dean's brain down, transporting him to a cabin in the woods. It smelled so strongly of pine, Dean felt like he was there. Another deep breath centered him even more. HIs heart rate began to drop.
“Of course you were. Cain just likes to make sure you don’t have to lift a finger other than to work on his cars.” She said with a smile, which made Dean laugh, “Come in. I hope Cain told you that we made dinner for you?” Dean nodded, “Oh good. You can use our guest room to shower. I don’t even know what fluids you have all over you.” Dean snorted, “Yeah, I walked into that one didn’t I.”
“I promise I’ll grab what I can. I’ll grab some boxes on the way there, anything we don’t fit in the car can be shipped later.”
It took a bit, but John eventually settled down. They lived in a rancher home not far from a school that allowed Dean to walk there. Dean asked if they could get a bed for Sammy, and one day John came back with two twin mattresses. Though Dean was only nine, he was getting good at figuring things out himself. He found a shelter nearby in the yellow book on the counter, they had been generous with food and clothing in the past. He dressed up Sammy and took him to the shelter to see if they had extra sheets.
“Too much fuss.” Dean kept his face covered, “S-Sam—” His voice cut off, “Didn’t un-understand.” Missouri was quiet for a while, letting the silence stretch on. Dean knew it was because she wanted him to say more, “H-he m-made it w-weird. S-said R-Ruby s-said it was w-weird.”
“I used to hold you when you were little.” Karen said with a watery smile, “I was in the hospital the day you were born. I held you in my arms when your brother was born.”
“I recommend the IUD. As Castiel said, invasive at first because we have to insert it at the office. I dilate you a bit then insert it—we watch it all through an ultrasound.”
“Yeah.” Dean’s voice was strained, and the low grumble from Cas was not going away. The metal was cold, and he yelped a bit. Another loud growl from Cas nearly had Dean covering his ears, “Just cold—sorry.” Dean managed to say, patting Castiel’s hand. Trying to comfort the alpha was at least distracting him, which was good.
Cas also sat on the other side of Dean. His cool scent helped as well. Dean felt protected surrounded by the two alphas, allowing his nerves to settle. Ana quickly introduced the new red-headed alpha that sat down at the table. Charlie was perfect for Ana. She also had no problems challenging Cain, who found it endlessly amusing.
“We’re going to try something called Alpha Exposure.” She told him a few times, knowing that he was going in and out of his ability to understand anything she was saying, “Gunna help pull you out of this funk.” Dean didn’t know what alpha exposure was, but it didn’t sound like something good. He could tell she was worried, but he couldn’t get himself to talk about it. He couldn’t care. He curled back into the blankets, not wanting to do anything. Missouri kept talking to him even when he couldn’t really listen. Her even tone bringing him comfort even when he didn’t want to move.
“Waitress accidentally spilled a drink on Dean.” Castiel answered for him. Dean wanted to press his nose to Cas to pull in his pine scent again for reassurance. He just managed to be able to not do it, taking a small sip of his beer. He was glad he was still on his first one. Cain wrapped an arm on Dean's chair. Just the small, slightly territorial, movement helped Dean.
There was a knock, eventually, on the closet door, “Gabriel? We’re finished closing up, just wanted you to know.” Hannah’s voice called from outside the door. Gabriel reached up and pushed the door open, “Thanks Hannah, I appreciate it. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Dean stood up with a frown. He slid open the door and walked straight into the kitchen, “How long have y-you wanted to be m-my alpha?” Cain looked up a little shocked. He was assembling sandwiches while Colette was cleaning up.
, so Dean knew he had no room to argue. Dean closed his eyes for a moment, trying to stop his hands from shaking.
their love.” Cain gave a slight smile, “I hadn’t been yelled at like that in a very long time. Mara said the importance of pack was that you were there for each other when the times got difficult, not to pay the final bill. Her pack scar was deep, the scar tissue obvious from years of frequent biting. Told me that this was what it was all about. She knew Abel loved her, that she was wanted. That she meant
"Course you didn't!" Gabe declared, his face uncharacteristically serious, "What the fuck? Why would he think that?"
“We’ll go out for drinks and wings after? I want you to meet my girlfriend. Cas will be there too.” Dean had heard a
Ana smiled, “I’d love to help, I’ll text Gabe too. He can go with us.” Dean wasn’t sure how he felt about Gabriel going along as well. Ana probably sensed it as he sat down next to her on the couch, “Gabriel is probably the most embarrassing person to go heat shopping with, but it’s definitely worth it. I was too self-conscious and shy to get anything, but he made sure I got it. And he explained everything. My heats for a while were more about snuggling, but I still needed supplies. Plus, Gabriel makes jokes out of everything so it doesn’t make you feel like you’re pulling out your own fingernails.”
“Some male omegas like stuff on their dick more during heats than their ass. Just because you leak there doesn’t mean you want it there.” Gabe said seriously.
“I-I-I” Dean swallowed. For the thousandth time, Dean wished he didn’t panic around alphas. He couldn’t help it. He took a deep breath, “I’ll g-get w-water.” Dean abandoned the car to walk into the office. There was a refrigerator in Bobby’s office with some water bottles. The A/C in the office felt incredible even if it was a bit jarring, cooling Dean off as he reached for the water. He pulled two out, cracking open his own and taking a drink. The door opened, the alpha had followed him back into the office.
“I’m a volunteer.” She answered, “They have medical personnel on staff there 24 hours in case. I had to take specialty training to do it. It’s why I knew to throw a blanket over us the other week.” Dean flushed, “Smells, particularly to omegas, mean safety. A blanket is the easiest way to cut down on scents to leverage the ones that matter.” She hopped out of the car, “Come on.”
Missouri rubbed his shoulder, “Your body is just reacting to a physical bond, your mind will take some work.” She winked, “I promise. That alpha anxiety doesn’t go away overnight, sugar.”
“Dean, sleep.” Alpha huffed, wrapping his arm around Dean’s middle. It wasn’t an order, but Dean still felt like he should listen. The purr softened, less demanding. And before Dean could help himself, his eyes drifted shut.
Cain laughed jovially, getting off the bench, “I will provide for my omegas.” He kissed Colette’s cheek before standing up and walking around the table. He wrapped an arm around Dean, scent marking his head. Dean grasped onto his arm, feeling a bit emotional. He wasn’t being
with you' to 'what happened to you'. Disclaimer: I am not a doctor, not in counseling or any therapist spaces for my job, so I am remarkably unqualified to help in any way.
Cas smiled back brightly, “Took me awhile, but I got there. I’m proud of my pack—I just don’t like to show my arm if I don’t have to.”
“I like you too.” Dean said. Castiel’s hair was a bit all over the place from running his fingers through it during his rambling.
“I will.” Dean said, sitting up a bit. The medicine might need another dose, the cramping was starting to come back, “Can you pass me the grocery store bag? Meds are in there.” Sammy nodded. He dutifully pulled out two pills and handed them both to Dean as well as the Gatorade bottle.
“You’ve come to the right place—come on back.” Gabriel flipped open the counter with a spin, motioning to the back. Castiel waved with his arm, so Dean followed Gabriel to the back. It smelled delicious—like caramel, sugar and pastry. Pastries were resting on racks, or covered in plastic.
“Y-your c-car dude.” Dean said with a grin, “We can start picking out what you want too, I got a bunch of samples here.”
Missouri came back in after a while. Her and the alpha talking low, but Dean couldn’t hear what they were saying. They both sounded upset.
“Fine.” A doctor walked out of the open door, a scowl on his face. Dean was rethinking his idea to pop in on Castiel, maybe it wasn’t such a good idea.
.” Billie rolled his eyes, “I presented when I was twelve. I got made fun of, I got all the sex ‘must be gagging for it’ comments, and my parents were ashamed of me. They just didn’t know how to talk about it, and never really acknowledged what I am. It was like the moment I came out as omega, they wanted to hide me in the house. No family dinners out, no visiting friends. I was like Harry fucking Potter locked up in my room. They fed me, put clothes on me, but that was it.”
The alpha smiled, taking in a breath, “Oh—Dean—are you feeling ok?” He asked, turning a bit red. It was like as soon as he asked the question, Dean felt weak at the knees. The swirling feeling in his head wasn’t elation at getting a good grade, it was like he couldn’t see outside of the fog. His body ached.
Since Dean had told both of his pack mates that being late made Dean worry they wouldn’t show up at all. Being honest if they were running late, and specific about the times were important. Colette, in particular, had a habit of never showing up on time. And while Dean understood on an intellectual level that her constantly being at
He managed to grab Sam’s bag, his limbs felt like they were moving through molasses. He couldn’t get anything to move right. He wasn’t sure how he found Sam’s phone, but thankfully it was easy to reach in one of the side pockets. He plugged in Sam’s password as there was a loud thud.
“Do I smell coffee?” Colette asked, sitting up behind Dean, turning a bit over the back of the couch, “Hot damn, you look handsome.”
“He drops off baked goods sometimes when he visits you. I’ve caught nurses lying in wait in the break room when he comes in.” Colette said.
. Dean's eyes watered instantly. His heart was still racing, but the relief nearly made him want to vomit. Dean texted back his most recent local brew obsession, and Cain instantly sent him a picture back of it in his cart.
to get the absorbent towels seemed too far away at the moment and impossible. He needed to burrow. His hands were still shaking as he guided the toy towards his ass. His cock already seemed to be on board, twitching all over the place.
Dean recognized Cain’s scent as soon as he came into the room. He whimpered. He was going to get yelled at again. He was too big. He made horrible nests. He was too stupid. He was a stupid faggot. No one wanted him. There was movement on the couch, Dean was curled up into the corner of the sectional but the couch was big enough for Cain to slip in beside him. He draped the blanket over them both, curling in close. He looked like he had been crying.
"Jesus." Gabriel whispered, rubbing Deans back a bit like the comfort now could make up for the time missed.
“First timers get a ten percent discount—if you have any questions—” She dragged off and waved at herself.
. Dean had no idea what Cain had made, but it smelled delicious. He walked over to the island where there was a massive charcuterie spread. If there was one thing Dean underestimated his love for when he started working for Cain, it was his love for good food. Dean couldn’t help but get inspired. Especially when it was just meat and cheese in different forms. He grabbed a piece of cheese quickly, popping it until his mouth.
“You’ve never told me wrong yet.” Benny said confidently, “I’ll tell Andrea that, she’ll be thrilled. I’ve been makin’ her spicy food every day in hopes it’ll push that puppy out. But baby seems happy to curl up with Andrea.”
. No matter how many times Dean read through different books, no one had figured out when a person would present. It was infuriating. He walked through the small stash of food for Sammy he had set aside in case Dean went into heat. Sammy was aware enough to know the basics. Dean didn’t know whether to be relieved or not as he started his freshman year of high school without presenting. Nearly all his classmates already had.
“Yeah.” Dean paid for it. It wasn’t too expensive just to have wifi in their house every month. Dean knew his Dad’s social security number to set it all up.
When he left that night, Dean knew he was going to at least try to work on his cars. Maybe it would be better if Ana staid there with him while he was working, that might make his nerves a bit better.
“Dean.” Sammy’s voice sounded raw. Dean was able to move to look at him, he could look at his pup. His eyes needed to adjust to the harsh light. He blinked a few times, focusing on the face in front of him. As soon as he did, there was a deep cry coming from his chest. There was blood all over Sam’s face, “I’m ok. We’re ok.”
They couldn’t live at the house that burned down, so Dad made Dean grab anything that was salvageable. Dean put a photo album his Mom had made him in his backpack from first grade with a bunch of clothes. He grabbed all of the things in the drawers and brought it back out. The house smelled like smoke, it made his eyes water. He grabbed a sweatshirt of his Mom’s.
“We’ll come join you and Colette after this. I have a few discussion points.” Missouri told him. Cain nodded, sliding the door closed again.
Dean shook his head, “Close.” He mumbled. He leaned back in his chair, cracking his back a bit. He preferred to work at Bobby’s, but Cain had a beautiful set up as well. Cain reached out to touch the car, but Dean stopped him just in time.
. It means we’re there for each other. Thick and thin.” John and Sam’s pack marks had disappeared. John’s wasn’t anything deep in the first place, it hadn’t been reinstated since he was ten or so. Sam only bit him the first time.
Cain managed to convince Dean back to their bed that night, a fresh bite on both Colette and Dean’s arm as they all fell asleep in the same bed.
Dean felt the absurd need to look down at his stomach like that would give him the answer. The achy-ness now made much more sense. He wasn’t slick, but he was sweaty. He pulled the weighted blanket with him as he walked to the closet. He was less embarrassed in the dead of night to open the toys he stashed in the closet. He was a bit on auto pilot as he unboxed them. All of the toys required charging, and while he didn’t feel even a twitch of arousal at the moment—he was scared he would. He lined up the knot toy and the flesh light up to their charging chords. The sheets were soaked with sweat, so Dean stripped them to wash. He kept the weighted blanket over his shoulders as he walked to the laundry room and threw in his sheets as well as the new slick absorbent underwear. He wouldn’t usually throw them in the same load, but he didn't want to risk it later.
"By the time his j-junior year s-started, it was l-like egg sh-shells. S-sam was always g-going to go to Stanford. H-helped him w-with the application my-myself. He g-got in—that was a g-good day. W-was hoping d-distance from Ruby would m-make them break up.” Dean rubbed his leg, drawing himself tighter, “P-party g-got broken up senior y-year. Cocaine. O-other drugs. S-sam was high. I found out a-about and snuck him out before the c-cops got ‘em. Ruby g-got arrested. Bobby w-was p-pissed. S-sent him to a rehab. S-sam was p-pissed we broke up R-ruby and him. Came b-back home before he was supposed t-to leave for school.” Dean felt tears in his eyes but he kept them from falling as he whispered the last part, “S-said it was my fault, b-broke the bond and left.”
Dean didn’t realize there were tears in his eyes until the video ended. He couldn’t quite believe it. He wiped his eyes, snot getting a bit everywhere. He managed to grab one of the tissues that was in his wellness kit, cleaning up after himself. Another video came on the automatic cue, playing another ‘It Gets Better’ Video. Dean didn’t know how many he watched, one bleeding into the next.
” Sam loved that place, but Dean only tried to go on special occasions. It was more expensive than a burger from McDonalds, “We got you a milk shake.”
Dean had no idea how long he read, but it felt like it was hours. It seemed that it wasn’t making Dean’s ARS any worse, but it wasn’t making it better either. The alpha eventually moved to be by his head. Dean was nervous at first even though he was protected by the blanket over his head, scared what the alpha would do—but he seemed content to just read out loud. He
“Yeah, for the past—uh, ten-ish years?” Gabriel looked to Castiel. Cas nodded. Dean didn’t know what to do. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t believe—he couldn’t believe this was real. Gabriel wasn’t ashamed—Cas didn’t hide it. Dean could hear something being said, but he was trying to move away. Everything was too bright—the smells were too much. His heart was racing and he couldn’t hear.
“I ended up in a bond with the older guy who owned the bakery before I did. He taught me that not all alphas are absolute dicks. That’s when Cassie came knocking.” Gabriel smiled, “Took us a bit to get our shit together and join his pack, but now my stutter is gone and I feel like I can breathe again.” It was quiet for a while. The two scents helped Dean breathe. He knew he wanted to talk about it, he hadn’t even managed to tell Missouri what happened yet. The last time he tried, his jaw locked up. But after hearing Gabriel, maybe—maybe he could.
“You’re welcome Dean.” Colette said seriously, squeezing his arm, “You mean a lot to us and I am glad you joined our pack.”
Maybe—maybe if he just did it quickly, he could go back to sleep. He flopped on his back, reaching into his boxers.
“Yes. My mother also works with them. I avoid them when I can.” Castiel said, taking a sip of water, “Do you happen to have a shirt I can change into?”
Dean woke up in his familiar guest room at Cain and Colette’s. It smelled like anxiety and worry. His eyes slowly blinked open to Colette who was curled up right beside him. She was asleep, her arm wrapped around his stomach. He turned over to see Cain passed out in a leather chair beside the bed. He looked down at his left arm to make sure it was true—he had Cain’s mark on his left arm. It was cleaned up, but the bite mark was sealed. He could feel the pulsating bond between them.
“IUD will have the least impact on your hormones, since it is already of some concern for you. It is also the easiest, as you won’t have to do anything for three to ten years depending on which one you choose. Considering your age and you marked on your form that you do want pups at some point, I would recommend the five year one.”
“I am unsure why you refused to believe this patient for so long. She came in with abdominal pain and your repeated advice was for the patient to lose weight.” Castiel’s voice was calm, but it was lethal. The snowy scent was sharp.
At some point he must have fallen asleep, the meds finally kicking in and mitigating the pain a bit.
Dean snorted, but snuggled up to his alpha as ordered. Cain kept his arm wrapped around Dean, pulling him tight to his chest. They had both seen Casino Royal before, so Dean was asleep before too long.
“Sam was m-my last alpha. Little brother.” Dean managed to whisper, “He’s good at first. All we had was each other after we l-left Dad. T-that was the first t-time I had a b-bond collapse—Bobby t-took us away from h-him.” Dean stared at the tile and tried not to think of the two next to him, or to feel anything much at all, “Sam understood me. T-then he got to high-school and it ch-changed. St-started d-dating a girl named R-ruby soph-sophomore year.” Dean shivered against his will, “She H-hated me. C-called me n-names. It s-started off slow with l-little stuff, Sam didn’t s-stop it. Made me c-cover m-my pack m-mark.”
Dean’s hand was sweaty from how long he had been holding Castiel’s hand. It was also stiff from gripping so hard. Dean slowly let go, looking over to Castiel’s bright blue eyes.
“Your ARS got worse once Sam left?” Dean nodded, his throat closing up, “It’s alright, sugar. We don’t have to talk about him until you’re ready.” Dean nodded.
“Nurse.” Cain corrected, “Colette has said it a few times. We bought things in case you didn’t—but I saw your wide collection of toys over there.”
“If it helps, he has some really nice cars according to Ana.” Colette said, “And it’s her alpha. Ana’s been through some shit—I don’t really know the particulars. But she always has something good to say about her brother.”
“Are you fucking kidding me? Look at him!” He sounded distressed, “I’ve never seen it so bad before.”
in alpha bites. There was a bit on his forearm that looked like it was missing a chunk—and a bit like candle wax in the middle as a bunch of scar tissue came together.
This is a bit weird, since I know many fanfics feature Dean + Sam. This is in NO WAY shaming anyone for writing or reading those fics. I have read and enjoyed a few as well. However, in this fic, incest is something Dean does not want. This will make more sense after you read it, but I just wanted the warning just in case. NO incest occurs.
to get those towels. It was difficult to get out of bed, the knot rolling inside him. But there was no fucking way he would take it out at the moment. He managed to reach the towels, a protein bar and an electrolyte packet. He wiped himself off as best he could, crawling back into his nest. It smelled like sex.
“Listen to me careful Dean.” She said with a tremble in her voice, she brushed the soft hair on Sammy’s head before cupping Dean’s cheek, “I love you—your Mommy loves you with her whole heart. Just the way you are, ok?”
“You’re ok Dean.” Pam whispered as she helped him out of the car. The smells of the parking lot were horrible, he vomited again by the steps. He was more sensitive to other people’s smell like this, it was the worst part. He could smell her worry, her sorrow. She helped him up the steps, the doors opened quickly.
Keeping a journal of what was happening exactly when he started to get anxious allowed him to see certain patterns. Anytime Cain ran late, Dean would spiral out of control rather quickly and convince himself that Cain would never arrive. Missouri coached him through how to explain it to Colette and Cain that running late wreaked havoc on his system. The conversation with them caused an extreme amount of anxiety, but both Cain and Colette were understanding, supportive and changed their behavior immediately.
Dean. You got to let people care if they want to.” Another therapist line. It was said in defense of letting Dean take care of
"It is an alpha's job to comfort omegas during heats. To know they are cared for- supported. It is a biological
“You ok?” Cas appeared next to him and Dean relaxed a bit. The four alpha males at the table the waitress had picked the drink up from were all staring at him. Dean didn't realize how conscious he was of their presence until Castiel was there.
Bobby started going to therapy once Sam left. Dean wasn't able to help out as much anymore, so Bobby had to step up.
“Nope, ready to go back to work.” Dean said with a grin, “Got a pick-up I need to work on. Bitch of a customer.” Castiel frowned, “I’m teasing Cas.” The scowl flipped immediately to a wide grin.
“N-never s-seen some-something so f-ancy in my l-life.” Dean said back, “thought y-ou would e-eat me n-ext.” Colette laughed, grabbing one of the wine glasses from the cabinet.
“Helped me get to this, so I’m n-not complaining.” Dean replied. Castiel smiled brightly at Cain’s mark.
“Cool.” Dean said excitedly. Rufus always made sure extra food was set aside for Dean at the end of the night so Sammy never went hungry.
“Brother, do you happen to work at a car repair place down off Main Street?” Benny asked, sitting down across from him at the table. Dean had taken to a quieter corner by himself. He enjoyed watching everyone interact, but wasn’t quite up to following multiple conversations.
Dean presenting was an elephant in the room that his Alpha decided not to talk about. Dean figured it was better to continue to not bring it up. His father started coming home less and less, being away for longer stretches of time. Dean took a job at the local diner to help get some money, since his Alpha did not do a great job of making sure he and Sam had enough food or money to last while he was gone.
“Yeah—they m-might mur-murder me if I was h-here and didn’t b-bring anything back.” Dean confessed. Castiel snorted as Gabriel preened, gathering together a few items. Castiel and Gabriel started bickering as they moved around the kitchen, clearly used to being around each other.
Dean hummed an agreement before hanging up the phone. He stared at the tree line a bit longer, taking a sip of coffee.
“Same.” Colette said. Dean nodded, standing up to head to the bar. He had to blink a few times to process who was standing behind it.
“Yessir.” Dean answered, tucking into the food on is plate. After a few seconds, he looked over to Sammy who had not started eating his chicken and green beans yet. Dean leaned over and used his hands to break up the piece of chicken, “Eat everything on your plate Sammy, you want to become a big alpha.” Dean told him, kissing his head.
“You take care of me here.” Sammy told him, tugging his hair gently, “And I can take care of you now.”
“It’s a penis. I’m not exaggerating when I say that I’ve seen thousands.” Dean laughed, using the sink counter as a balance to get his sweatpants fully off. He turned and saw himself in the mirror, his stomach sank. He looked awful. His skin had lost its color, he was too skinny. His ribs were showing. Colette met his gaze.
“I thought you were more of a Talking Heads kind of guy?” A familiar line and a familiar voice called out. Dean popped his head out to see Castiel standing in the open garage bay. It suddenly clicked that this was
“I wouldn’t bring you to something you wouldn’t like.” Colette promised, turning off the car. They were outside the group home she had told him about. He wasn’t sure how she had convinced him to get in the car, perhaps because he was in a particularly down mood. Dean glared at her, “It’s not just a bunch of feelings talk—sometimes we just hang out and watch a football game.”
“This is quite a lay out—should your pick up have a plan to have this type of situation in it?” Dean asked.
Missouri smiled at him, “Sugar, you fell head first into the point and still managed to miss it.” Dean scowled, “Cain has wanted you in his pack for
“We all have set backs—you’re not sayin’ you're better than the rest of us, are you?” Pam asked with a smile. Dean scowled, but shook his head.
. Cain was probably going to think he was awful and never let him work on his cars ever again. He wanted to get up and just leave, but he couldn’t move his legs they were shaking so bad. A blanket was dropped over him, but it helped him smell Cain and Colette. Immediately his heart rate dropped, and he felt more in control of himself. His breathing slowed as someone rubbed his back. Cain was purring. It was so deep it was difficult to hear, but Dean could
Dean was holding him just as tightly back. He was crying a bit too much; he was surprised he had any tears left to cry after such an emotional day already. Cain scent marked behind his ear, gripping him like he might disappear. Dean had no idea how long they remained like that, but after a while, Dean pulled himself away. Cain grabbed his arm with the pack mark.
anymore. Father implied that he took care of them, that he even knew where they were on any given day. Dean barely ever saw his alpha. It sometimes made him anxious, but Sam was good at taking care of Dean too. They took care of each other. They had decorated their room for Christmas, putting up lights and taping down ornaments to the wall. They wouldn’t have a tree, but they made due with what they had. Dean had gotten Sam a poster of the periodic table, because he was a nerd. Though Sam was quick to point out that Dean was sort of a nerd too. Dean hadn’t been allowed to play on the football team due to his omega status, but he played soccer. He loved it, and wasn’t afraid to be aggressive either. He was in the paper for his excellence in the defense position. Sam would cut out the articles and put them on the wall too.
A few years ago, Dean had posted his work on Instagram about his work on classic cars. He had gone to a few shows with Bobby, who knew a few people in the industry that had liked, commented and shared. Cain happened to see a picture of his work in one of the car pamphlets that they had at a classic show and read up on him. And since Dean lived close by, Cain opted to have him work on something small to test the waters. Not many people worked on classic cars as well as Dean did, there were only a few in the country. Cain had been prepared to send his cars farther in order to get the best work done—but close was better. Dean had been overwhelmed by the offer at first, nearly coming in his pants when he saw the car he got to work on. His hands were shaking when he first started, but the tune up had gone really well. Cain had several projects that he was working on, collecting old parts. Dean helped. Cain paid him too much to do it and didn’t expect too much out of Dean. Dean didn’t talk too much, he couldn’t work sometimes when his symptoms acted up. He took too much time.
Dean nodded, humming as he took the phone from Castiel, zooming in on a couple of parts. His brain was already whirring at different ideas.
Where Dean knew Cain was going overboard was the garage. Cain insisted it was all beneficial for himself too, but Dean knew it was mostly for him. Dean didn’t even want to know how much Cain had spent on the garage. He asked Bobby, who Cain was definitely relying on for input.
listen to an order.” Gabriel shook his head then sighed, “I didn’t take a bond for a while—just lived on my own. I had flair ups, but I managed them. I worked at a bakery with a guy who was patient and understanding of my condition. I wasn’t going to take an alpha bond because they were manipulative. Stupid.” He held out his arm with the multiple bites, “Each one was trying to get me to suppress my nature—to stop my heats or deny them. It was fuckin’ awful.”
I've been reading What Happened to You by Bruce Perry and Oprah, which features heavily in the beginning about trauma response. It is a wonderful book trying to move the conversation from 'what's
Missouri had a special talent for making Dean feel like he could conquer any problem. She had homework for him every week. Stuff that made him uncomfortable, stuff that he was convinced he would never be able to do. But he did it. He had conversations with Cain, Bobby and Colette. He started to voice his opinion more. He was getting used to the word trauma. What he went through was
“She’s got g-good bones.” Dean argued, touching the one side mirror that was still attached, “Thanks L-Larry.”
The next day, Dean was shaking a bit in the waiting room. It wasn’t a good idea to come by himself. He wasn’t sure he could go through with it. He got to the hospital again in sort of a daze. The doctors’ offices were in the same complex as the hospital, just on a different wing for non-emergencies. He was the only male in the waiting room, which always made him self-conscious. Might as well have a sign over his head saying
give this place a chance. It can build you up and hopefully give you a support system that can help you find an alpha. I—I know you’re not open to it—but please try. I hate to see you suffer so much.” Dean tightened the wheel of the impala. It felt like he wanted to barf and like his throat was suddenly raw even though he hadn’t said anything.
Dean got into bed stiffly. The last time he slept with pack was when his mother was still alive. He wasn’t sure how the rules had changed now that he wasn’t a pup. A deep purr emanated from Cain’s chest, even deep asleep. He could smell Dean’s anxiety.
“I’ll get you a few different options.” Gabriel said, whirring around the room. Castiel slid out one of the bar stools, pulling one out for Dean as well. The tray in front of them had slices of pie, cinnamon pastries, fruit pastries—and multiple chocolate options, “Given you guys the broken bits I don’t put out front—so thanks for clearing out the garbage.” Gabriel said with a wink, popping a bit of pastry in his mouth.
“Dean?” Colette nudged his shoulder. It smelled like hazelnut coffee, so Dean opened his eyes. He was in bed alone, the sun shining through the windows.
It was a bit later when he slid out, Castiel had been working at cleaning out the back seat, scrubbing bits of it that were caked in smoke. He was completely soaked in sweat.
“I’m going to go talk to ‘em” Bobby said, opening the door, “I’ll be back.” The door slid shut. Dean looked to the doctor.
“All the books say it is important for Omegas to nest. Just like it’s important for alphas to protect their nest.”
“To put it mildly.” Judy said with a kind smile. They walked back into the main living room; Jody plopped down on one of the chairs and Ana sat near her.
. I swear to it. I was a tiny omega kid using every deodorant possible to hide my smell. In Kansas, I tried to make myself invisible. I wanted to blend into the background and not make any noise so no one would think to make fun of me. Now I got a great apartment, a boyfriend that loves me—say hi Justin.”
Castiel looked down at his clothes, “I don’t think so.” Seeing the alpha helped Dean relax, the cool scent already evening out his heart rate. It was already pretty warm outside, so Dean made sure the fans were on full blast in the garage as they worked. But even with the garage doors opened and the fans on, Dean started sweating pretty quickly. Castiel seemed quieter than usual, sipping his coffee between work. His scent was crisper than usual, like there was a blizzard that was blowing through. Even though it was just his scent, Dean found that it soothed him in the heat.
Colette brought his food out after a few minutes, not asking any questions. Dean kept his head down in the car, trying to hide from her. He couldn’t talk about it. It still felt like a wound that hadn’t begun to heal yet. Eventually he was feeling ok enough to start picking at his food, but he didn’t say goodbye to them in case they tried to talk to him again.
“Show's already over,” Rowena informs, leading the way. “But they're all in the banquet hall.” She chews on her painted lip. “He's not doing well, Castiel.”
Dean sighs as his fingers linger on the last bandage. “Look, Cas... About what happened... I'm sorry. I told you I'm not looking for something quick, and I stand by that.”
“No, I don't want you to leave.” He clasps Cas's hand between both of his, lowering it between them. “Cas, I...”
“Take care, polar bear,” Cas bids, catching Dean's eye. Then he waves at Sam and slips out of the diner.
“Really?” Castiel looks up at the soft tone to find Dean staring wistfully down at the fireplace. “That's, uh, good. Brothers gotta stick together, you know?” He shakes himself out of a daze. “Anyway, whatcha doing up here?”
It's just as captivating as the first time he read it pressed into a corner of the couch with Dean's feet atop his, the faint noises of the store and the smell of paper all around them, Dean's breathing slow and even as he scratches away in his textbook, and Castiel looks up to remark on a particular passage to Dean.
He bumps his hip against Cas's, and the angel's anger fades.  Still, Cas keeps the smoldering heat behind his eyes as he leans closer, tilting his head up to capture Dean's lips in a chaste kiss. He pulls away before Dean can properly respond.
“A bit yeah,” Dean admits. “It's not really my wheelhouse, you know? But... I kinda liked it. A part of me liked dressing up and going to parties and whatnot. After my ex... Well, she sucked the fun out of everything. Same with douches like Aaron.”
“Wait!” calls Dean. Castiel looks back, and Dean is playing with his fingers nervously with a pained grimace.
“Sort of,” Dean admits, relaxing into his seat and picking at his leftover waffle fries. “Mom, she, uh, died in a house fire when I was four.” Castiel lays a comforting hand over Dean's own, causing the other man to smile in gratitude and thread their fingers together. “After that, Dad lost himself to alcohol for a while. He put himself back together, mostly, sort of dragged us around the country from place to place looking for work and trying to escape the memories. I took care of Sam a lot those days; it's one of the reasons we're so close.”
“It's fine, happened years ago, when I was still in high school,” Dean dismisses, although his voice loses its luster.
, he scolds his dick as it twitches at the imagery. Dean is a taken man, and likely a straight one, and while Castiel may have been referred to as an 'assbutt' and a 'dickhead' by his employees, he is
There's a sizable dip in the mattress, and Dean's head jerks up to find Castiel tentatively sitting next to him, a bittersweet smile pressed into the corners of his mouth.
“What does Rowena normally do?” he asks, because Castiel finds the thought of exploring the city by himself tiring, and he figures he's here more for Dean anyway.
Dean's hand clenches the fabric of Castiel's hoodie, tugging him closer, needing validation that this is real and happening. “You... you are?”
Unfortunately, Castiel's mental promise that Dean is forbidden territory does not immediately vanquish his attraction, and with any number of dirty things springing to mind at the sight of him, Castiel takes to avoiding Dean in the following weeks.
He tries not to let his disappointment show, but Dean has always struggled to hide things from Cas.  He knows Cas will see the way his lips turn and the slight worry lines that form above his brow.
which follows this greeting, and he quickly abandons the pancakes in favor of looking over to see if Cas is okay.
He has to interview potential replacements, although his siblings volunteer their help for most of the appointments. Castiel has to sell his penthouse, his cars, his furniture. The few things he wants to keep, mostly books and his coffeemaker, Gabriel offers to store at his place until they can be shipped.
make me happy, Dean. I thought I had everything I could ever want in my old life. But I was wrong. You came along and knocked me off my feet. You made me feel... so desired, so appreciated, so
Castiel doesn't realize how long he's been sitting there crying until he hears the shuffling of feet, the clicking of heels on pavement.
“Huh?” Dean asks articulately, eyes fluttering closed when Castiel shifts again. “Shit, Cas, we have
He's barely even seen the man since New Year's after they parted. Dean has stopped visiting the store, or he does so during hours when Castiel is not present. He reminds himself frequently that this is a
Castiel's hips stutter into Dean's idle fingers, and suddenly, Dean's withdrawing his hand altogether from Castiel's pants.
“You know, the syrup bottle shaped like a woman?” hints Dean. “Mmm, I could go for some pancakes right about now...”
Whatever his mindset at the time, Dean must have said something to Cas at one point. Something about his standard greeting of
“It was my mistake to hope–” He shuts up and finishes buckling his belt. “I should have remembered you don't like it when I watch you sleep.”
“Yes, Dean,” Castiel smiles, feeling a rush of affection for the man before him. “I know we have a habit of making assumptions, but I hope you don't mind that I'm back.”
That part, Dean does understand. No one ever stays; people have been running in the opposite direction for years. Dean has expected Castiel would, too, at some point in time. He's honestly surprised it has taken this long.
Perhaps she doesn't believe him, but Castiel won't concern himself over it. “Now, what hours do you currently keep?”
After dinner when the house is quiet, Castiel fires up his laptop and checks his email and Facebook account. Nothing work-related of course, Gabriel had actually gone and changed the passwords to his Novak accounts, the bastard. So he's left to check his personal email and Facebook, the latter being where his mother requests daily updates. He doesn't go into details, merely promising her that he's fine and eating better and not at all stressed. He's bored out of his skull by the laid-back attitude of islanders and tourists alike and disappointed at the lack of alcohol he's consuming, but he doesn't mention any of that.
The Target doors are whizzing open and closed, other shoppers passing by giving him dubious glances. But Castiel only has eyes for Dean's handwriting. Eventually, he realizes he still needs to buy groceries, and so, gingerly, careful not to lose it, Castiel slides the paper into the inner pocket of his coat.
Castiel hesitates as they get into the elevator. “I didn't mean to be presumptuous... I know we didn't get off to the best of starts–”
Castiel takes a seat in the only other available chair next to Dean. He and Rowena must like to come up here and sit and watch the sunset. The view is amazing, looking out over the harbor on one side and the beach on the other, and, under the dark sky, the Gulf of Mexico doesn't even look brown.
“I don't exactly make a point to look up my ex,” Dean retorts, attitude souring by the minute. He glances at Castiel's half-empty plate and doesn't give him a chance to respond. “You through? Good, we're leaving.”
Gabriel makes a weird sound with his tongue but thankfully drops the subject. He helps Castiel back up the stairs and into bed, after which, Gabriel calls Rowena and informs her that her boss will be taking the rest of the week off, in addition to the other days Castiel had already marked. Castiel blearily thanks his brother before drifting back off to sleep.
Castiel nods, and the conversation shifts as they finish their meals. They talk about Rowena and her friends, wondering what she's been up to. But all the while, the cogs are turning in Castiel's mind.
“Aye, the Novaks,” she greets. “Been expecting you.” She studies the two of them before addressing Castiel. “My new boss, hmm? I can tell by the surly expression on your face. Och, don't look so surprised; I knew what to expect when I heard some corporate exec wanted to buy.”
“Och, you know him that well, do you? Think you're so smart,” she laughs bitterly, stalking back to her boxes. “You should give people a chance, Castiel. They might surprise you.”
Dean twists in his hold so they can face each other. “Is that so?” he asks huskily, hands finding their way to Castiel's hips. “How about we...” He kisses Castiel's jaw, then his cheek, then barely brushes their lips together. “...pick up where we left off earlier?”
“It's just my shirt,” he responds, and even that isn't all the way off. “Besides, we're closed for the day.”
I don't want to, all right?” Dean's cheeks flush, but he nods and shyly looks away as they walk, pleased with Castiel's decision.
Upon closer inspection, Castiel recognizes the Scottish Fold breed, unsurprising, and as he inches closer, the black-haired, round-faced feline hisses loudly.
“Yeah, but...” Aaron stutters petulantly. “I thought you were just looking for a pretty face to fuck.”
At night... Trying to forget Dean is an entirely different story. Now that they've kissed, now that Castiel has become personally acquainted with Dean's yielding lips and his wet tongue and his strong thighs, he's taking lengthy showers every night. He feels guilty about wasting so much water, but he'd feel even worse if Mrs. Butters had to launder the bedsheets every day. So he spends his time in the bathroom with indulgence, all of the thoughts he's shut out during the day escaping freely as he thrusts into his fist. In his mind, Dean is the one touching him, sliding fingerpads across Castiel's skin, and he comes in hot spurts across the tub's porcelain, grateful for the spray of the shower head that washes away the evidence.
“Regardless,” Castiel says, unphased and considerably unimpressed, “this is a bookstore and not a library, so if you don't intend to purchase something, I suggest you leave.”
Castiel's trench coat does end up on Dean's floor, discarded and forgotten with the rest of his clothes, Dean's too.
peruse shelves quickly lose interest due to the lack of categorization, Castiel makes it his mission to restack the store. He tackles the goal one shelf at a time, arranging the bookcase closest to the door to house newly released and relatively popular titles. From there, the rest of the store is divided into sections. The few already created, such as the occult area, Castiel keeps, working around them. It's a long and incredibly boring process, but he muddles through, determined it will boost sales, no matter how marginally.
They spend almost thirty minutes arguing with security for Castiel's clearance badge, and Dean is running late. Dean is still insisting Castiel can do his own thing, but now that he's committed, Castiel refuses to back down. He's very good at getting his employees to do what he wants, so it's no surprise when Castiel wears down the security guard into handing over Rowena MacLeod's badge. Dean apologizes over and over, explaining how he'd already submitted Rowena's name before confirming she could go, and how it was his fault Castiel was stuck on a trip he didn't ask for.
Several people stop him and ask if Castiel himself is a model, and if he's not, he should be, they say. Women and men alike rake appreciative eyes down his tailored navy suit, and he has to fend off several would-be contenders and he makes his way around the party room in search of Dean.
The entire building is crawling with tourists and islanders alike, no space for Jesus in between, and Castiel immediately misses the spaciousness of the other location. However, Dean already looks more at ease, leading Castiel inside with a hand at his back, and though the hand is warm, he suppresses a shudder from the touch.
,” he summarizes, not wanting to detail their breakup, and Dean makes a face of understanding, “I figured... why delay it?”
He follows her gaze out to the garage, where Dean's bent over the engine of a white Corolla. Castiel's cheeks flush. But... why?
“I can understand that,” Castiel replies. “No, really. Being here, working at the bookshop, redoing the store, and seeing sales improved... It's such a feeling of accomplishment. I never feel this good about my job in accounting, even though I'm taking home far more wages. It's... invigorating.” He smiles with bittersweet emotions. “I'm going to miss it.”
With a startled yelp, Castiel gets hot coffee all over his shirt, backing away before the liquid can burn more harmfully. Dean quickly unplugs the machine, grabbing a few paper towels for Castiel, but his jaw is twitching, biting his lower lip and fighting off a grin.
Dean leads them back out into the hotel and across a skyway to the convention center across the street. Castiel is taken aback at the sight of hundreds of well-dressed attendees. Some have cheap suits like Dean, but most are wearing high-end brands. Castiel could almost believe he was back home at a bank reception. He feels all but embarrassed to be seen with Dean in his lesser threads, but at least no one here knows him; perhaps he shouldn't have worn his
“Cas... you're here,” Dean says, dazed. He's looking at Castiel as though he grew a second head or sprouted a pair of wings. “You're really here.”
Castiel takes in the dirty clothes and rumpled appearance, nearly the same as the first time they'd met, although at least Bowed Legs isn't wearing the
sulking, even Mrs. Butters picks up that something is amiss. He waves off her concerns, although he does accept the pot of tea she makes before she leaves Thursday night.
He'd sold the Cabriolet before returning to Chicago, not anticipating further need of it. He now wishes he hadn't, although the thought is irrational; where would he have kept it? Castiel contemplates ubering all the way to Galveston, but the app shows that is going to cost way more than a pretty penny. Better to just buy another car, he'll need one here anyway.
“I love him,” Castiel declares, jaw set and eyes burning. “And even if...” His voice falters. “Even if he won't have me back, I still think I'm making the right choice by leaving the company.”
Gabriel parks on the street and pays the meter. “I should have known you'd pick a bookstore. You always were a fan reader.”
At some point during their mad rush back into the bedroom, Castiel finds time to slip the ring onto Dean's finger, assuring the man he has a matching one.
