Dean started panicking and tried yelling out to her to back off, but humans can’t hear fabrics. She tried getting Castiel off the mannequin but she realized that she’d have to lift it to take him off, so he shimmied him back up and slid out his gold wing pin instead and went back to being her elegant self. She sauntered out the room, leaving behind a hyperventilating thong and a messed up boxer brief.
Listening to Dean talk about how Mary used to listen to a certain musical band named Led Zeppelin, about his best friend Charlie, a bright red bra that like themselves liked the ones of her own kind, and other stories. This was Castiel’s new hobby and he loved it. He spent hours listening to Dean talk about his time before Crowley happened. He was fascinated by the wonders of the outside world. When he was with Chuck, all he did was sit in his room, that had a potted plant and a window facing nothing but the sky. But Dean talked about cars, movies, music, food and so much more. Dean was his window to the world in every way he could imagine. Every way but one - touch.
The tension in the room rose undeniably high after Claire left. Castiel still glared at Bobby. Dean was still processing everything and occasionally swallowing down the wave of emotion that threatened to hit him, and uncertainty had left Sam’s being. He watched Bobby as the aged man stood there with an unreadable face, but still intently watching Dean.
He wondered often. Also, he was a thong. Thongs were supposed to be with bras. Not boxer-briefs. Even if he was of the most alluring shade of blue he had ever seen. Even if he looks at him like he’s the most beautiful thing in the world and the only thing that mattered to him, and not just throw nasty lustful comments his way about his laces. Cas was also the only underwear to have ever admired his freckles.
“I don’t think so, kiddo. Sam needs back up and you’re the one in the 6 feet tall body. So skedaddle.”
He could report himself immediately, or rebuild Dean as instructed and report later; after Dean was restored completely. He sensed awkwardness as he realized how he had thought of Dean by his name for the first time. Chastising himself for getting a little too familiar with the human, he fumbled with the chains binding Dean to the depths of Hell. Since when did angels start having a clumsy grip? He wondered quite angrily as he finally freed Dean from the chains.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Sam asked as Dean rolled onto his stomach, burying his face in the pillow. There was a muffled response. Emma reached over and pulled his hair.
The fresh air hit them both like water hitting a dying fish. He breathed in deep and Castiel’s head lolled to rest on Dean’s shoulders. He looked down quickly at the tuft of blonde hair and the tiny back rising and falling as the toddler breathed calmly. As far as Dean knew, babies were mostly super squirmy or complete waterworks when with strangers but Castiel eased into his grasp like a child in his parent’s. Why kids were so comfortable being around him will always be a mystery to Dean. The tiny huff of fascination that left his lips ruffled the soft blonde hair as Dean settled on one of the chairs on their porch.
Dean called out to him and he tightened around the male mannequin. Yes, Lisa was watching. But he couldn’t give a damn. He had Castiel’s attention immediately but it snapped away as he saw that Lisa was not occupied.
Emma asked to be left alone for the rest of the day. Alex said that she talks but not too much. Sam figures she must feel safer around Alex, considering how she radiates comfort as a nurse. Sam decided to take his turn at Jody’s to sleep off his strenuous but minor freak out in Emma’s room, and Dean stayed. Sam can literally sense Dean’s uneasiness and worry emanating from him but there was pretty much nothing Sam could do about it. So he left.
The backstory was not all that thrilling. He was just a British soldier that was turned on a mission. He faked his death later on the field to go off and kill the ones that turned him. The moment the last one of their blood splattered onto his face, he realized that this was what he was good at. And then he decided to work as a mercenary of sorts. He started killing monsters for money. His clients too were monsters, whom he killed but only after a couple of months of payment so that no one would suspect that it was him, but still recommend him to other monster douches.
“I will. But on one condition. You will let me send you back. And you will live out the rest of your life with your family.” Castiel brings up his hand to Dean’s forehead but he ducks.
“Demons are real. Of course, they are real.” She felt her throat tightening but it was not bad. She really did not want to find out that the stories she had heard were all true. At least not this way. Shit’s too real.
As she was settling down, she noticed that Dean had been hovering around her for a while now. She turned around and raised an eyebrow in question.
he quickly looked up at hearing two gun shots to find Sam frozen with his eyes almost popping out of his head, as Chevy stood there unmoved. Dean tried scrambling onto his feet as Chevy advanced on Sam but Castiel stabbed him in his back with his angel blade. As he pulled it out, they could hear the metal scraping against the blade and he dropped on his knees with some liquid started pouring out of the hole that looked nothing like a stab wound.
Sam looked up. “Yeah. Want to take a look?” She nodded, and Sam fished his phone out of his pocket and played the video for her.
And so he corrected himself. “He chose to be here with me and save me. He loved me.” The weight that lifted off his heart punched a breath out of him. He had never said those words aloud ever, and saying it out loud was exhilarating.
The boys retired to Jody’s for the night and told her everything about Nick and his suspicious call with “Mr. Styne.” After discussing with her, they decided that they’d stay put, a mile or so away from the airstrip in Sittig in Jody’s pick up in an inconspicuous spot until he passes by. They would then follow him to the airstrip, and knock him out with the tranquilizer guns, and check what exactly he was taking to the Stynes.
“Yeah?” Dean asked coarsely but with such slyness that a shiver ran down his spine. “I taste even better.”
With an annoyed look, she slowly gets up and towers over him, and he awkwardly backs up, bumping into Sam. “Holy shit, you’re huge!” He scowled looking up at him as he effortlessly nudged him away from between himself and Emma.
Castiel was too relieved to know that he won’t be worn, to pay attention to the last bit of what Meg said. Whatever it was, he decided that he would worry about it when he faces it.
“Sit, Castiel.” She sneered. “We are not here to discuss other angels. We are here to mend just one.”
“What?” Sam caught up with him, and he nodded to the wall by the bar, against which two women were going at it. Sam didn’t get it. What would Dean want with two women making out?
By the time Dean got to him, Sam was almost done hacking at the side of the crate, carefully enough not to damage whatever was inside.
“You’re gonna be alright. And you’re safe now. You’ve got us and the town sheriff looking out for you.”
A frantic Sam was pushed out of the room as a hoard of nurses poured into the room. Since Dean has gone to Jody’s to take a nap, all he could do was wait outside. Rowena’s powers may have healed injuries but they were still experiencing fatigue like they usually do after taking a beating. So the brothers had to take turns in Jody’s guest bedroom so that they won’t be useless mounds of flesh when a fight comes their way. Sam rang Dean up and let him know that Emma was awake. It’s been an eventless four days, which was a relief since the one they had just had was wholesome enough. With the lingering effects of their meeting with the Stynes holding them down, they wouldn’t have been able to put up a good fight. Dean arrives soon after and they wait outside for news.
Her heart monitor started going haywire and she flipped out even more and starts whimpering quietly.
The witch rolled her eyes. “Look, I don’t want you both on my tail alright? I’ve never done black magic before. But this time I had to. Someone - I don’t know who - hired me to get this girl to where they ask me to, as soon as possible, for a ton of money. I don’t know who she is or what they want with her. All I was in was for the money.” She stood up from the couch, smoothing her dress down her thighs. “But I know who you two are, and money is not worth being on your radar. So all I'm asking is to let me walk out of here. I’ll reverse the spell if you promise to do so and to sweeten the pot, I’ll mask the girl from locator spells.” She held her hands up and shrugged as if it was a good offer.
The first thing Cas noticed was Dean, standing frozen outside the door. His usually lively green eyes were blank and his mouth was set into a thin line. Before Cas could offer any comfort, he turned and walked out of the house in quick, long steps. Cas thought of going after him but then reasoned against it, knowing that Dean needed some space and time alone. He turned his head and that's when he saw Sam lying on the bed.
And here he was, after all these years, watching Dean as moonlight bathed his face in the softest silvery white, full of nothing but admiration and affection. Dean, who was selfless and loyal and kind. Dean, who always put the needs of others before his own. Dean, who downplayed how smart he really was, always heralding Sam instead. Dean, who was funny and witty and talented, with his fondness for classic rock, cars and Vonnegut and all manner of food, especially pie. Dean, who doted over his niece, Mary and absolutely spoiled her. Dean, who said that he loved Jack like his own child, secretly showering him with all kinds of gifts and treats because he thought Castiel didn’t know. Even if he had tried, Castiel couldn’t have stopped the words that slipped out next.
Silence followed Castiel's words and even though it was slightly less comfortable than it had been when they were in his bed last weekend, it still didn't feel awkward at all to Dean. He did, however, fear he wouldn't be able to control himself any longer if those piercing blue eyes kept staring at him and that bed hair kept enticing him to run his fingers through it. He cleared his throat and said the first thing that came to his lips without even bothering to check-in with his mind before speaking.
The world around him snaps back into focus as the DJ drops the beat of the song that she's playing at that moment and the crowd goes wild with a collective "woohoo". It is then that Dean realizes he and Castiel are standing still in the middle of the dance floor, just staring at each other, as everyone around him dances. He tries to say something, to seize the moment, but he can't. He's a little too drunk for this and his mouth is a little too dry and a little too wanting to rip away Castiel's pants with his teeth. So it is Cas who speaks, frowning a little,
The short bearded dude with a round face and a receding hairline had approached their table about 15 minutes after Castiel sat down.
“I don’t care. Whatever it is you did, or didn’t do… Whatever that Malfoy dude was trying to make you feel bad about…”
Purgatory was the hottest new place in town. It had opened four months ago and though Dean had only been there a couple of times, he loved the concept. It had three different spaces: Heaven (which was girls only), Hell (for boys only), and Purgatory, which was the main one, it was the biggest and they allowed everyone in it. Although the cover was always above 40 bucks, the place had an open bar until 2:00 am, so all you had to do was arrive early and get hammered before that time. And that was exactly what he and his friends planned to do. That was, if Charlie hurried the fuck up and finished the body-painting thing she was doing to him.
. It feels unbelievable and like everything he's ever lost and ever wanted has finally come back to him.  It feels unreal and like the only real thing in the universe. It feels perfect.
racist, even if he defended it as just a dark sense of humor. Or that he didn’t understand why “Blurred lines” was offensive and constantly asked Cas to stop playing KONGOS and Die Antwoord in his own dorm…
And when he allowed himself to fall asleep that night, after returning home and working on the code of his robotic project for three hours, he didn't even notice he had no new texts messages from Cas.
Because Dean made a choice for him at the beginning of July. A choice Castiel wasn't consulted on, or even informed about. A choice that broke his heart and mind because he couldn't understand... But now he knows what it was. What it meant.
"Um, well, I suppose I could use the caffeine, but what about your...?" he vaguely gestured towards Dean's desk, where his computer was running the code he'd been working on all day. "I thought you were busy"
That is why, when Castiel saw a kind-of-awkward-but-still-hella-good-looking Dean Winchester sitting in the front row of his econ class on his third year of college, he smiled at the green-eyed boy, but thought nothing of it.
"Dude! It's alright." Dean was smiling. "You are welcome here. Just, try to text or something next time, you know, give a guy a warning."
"Well, that clears it up!" Dean joked, ironically. Did Cas really expect that to help? "The hell does it mean?"
Dean is a weirdo, OK? A complete fucking weirdo, which is why he built up a GPS out of his old walkman when he was 16 and is also the reason why he’s taking theology courses even though he’s majoring in engineering. Because he’s a nerd and he loves ancient cultures and dead languages and bullshit no one –other than him and the guy whose back he’s been staring at for the past five weeks– is interest in. The guy’s name? Castiel. Castiel Novak. And, come on, is that even a real name?
"Yeah... coming!" he shouted back and, barely unlocking his eyes from Cas' gaze, he reluctantly separated from him to go open the door for his friend.
. It's alright." He doesn't say anything else for a few seconds and kind of just stand there, on his boxer briefs, and he's half-hard.
Dean saw the icon that meant Castiel was typing turn on and off several times. He knew he had fucked up and cursed himself mentally just as his phone buzzed with a new text from his crush
Dean pursed his lips, and looked up from his phone. Of course he was going to doubt. It’s not normal to get a love confession (although Dean had been very careful to say “like” and not “love”) from an unknown person who claims to have “seen you around”. That
Actually, I do. My full name might not be conventional, but is the one with which I have been identifying myself for the past 20 years.
"You're impossible. I..." he clears his throat. "I don't think you went through all the trouble of hiding your identity from me just to be a one-night stand, did you?"
He stares at the screen and he hits the 'send' button and it’s already done and he’s not shaking, really, he
The way Castiel's face drops, it punches a hole in Dean's stomach. His features quickly toughens and he clears his throat.
And Dean... Didn't know how to answer to that. It was beautiful and hella inspiring and Cas had said it in such a natural (and hot) yet kind manner. What the hell was he supposed to answer to
“Would you like that?” was the answer Castiel gave him as he took a step forward to reduce the gap between them even further.
While on the bathroom, Dean takes a couple of extra minutes to check himself in the mirror. The painting is still in place, all of it. He wonders how. All the dancing, plus his nervous and horny sweating should've diluted it all by now. It hasn't though, and he's grateful. He is not sure if he's ready for Castiel to know his classmate he barely speaks to has been lusting after him for over a month now. Or that he's been stalking him on Grindr, and now has kissed him just because he could. He fixes his hair and wishes he could throw some water on his face because boy, does he need it. But he's not sure what that would do to the painting, so he decides against it. He gives himself one last check-up on the mirror and leaves the bathroom -not expecting to find a slim blonde cornering Castiel in the hallway.
"You mean you don't have it?" she didn't even wait for Dean to answer "It's a gay app, you create a profile and meet other guys through it"
The shorter boy smiles up at him and gives him a small peck on the lips. Dean doesn't know how to feel about
in his room, being hot and not talking to him. After the fifth visit, however, things started to change.
Also, I tried my best to explain Dean's body paint, but if you want the visual hint, it'd be something like
The last person Dean expected to see in front of his dorm room when he came back after a long day in the robotics lab, was Castiel Novak.
Castiel thinks that’s fair, or as fair as his dad would ever get, anyway. He hangs up and buys the cheapest tickets he can get. He tenses at the thought of seeing his parents again, but he reminds himself it’s only two weeks. If he survives two weeks with his family, then he’ll get to go back and spend the summer here, learning Russian, with his friends, with Dean.
Dean took a couple of minutes to admire the way Castiel's gestures softened now that he wasn't aware of the world around him. How his chest rose and fell with the slow rhythm of his breath. Then he checked the hour and decided it better to wake him up. He could finally take a break from that goddamned code, he wasn't going to spend it being a creep watching him sleep.
By the time Cas moans "I love you too, Dean" into his ear, he starts to think that perhaps, after all, it was.
"Want something to drink?" Dean inquires, pointing at the bar, seizing the opportunity to drink some water. He really needs to sober up quick, or he's going to fuck up big time any minute.
The air thickened around them as he looked at Cas straight in the eyes and licked his lip. By now his dick was doing all the thinking for him but he didn't really care. Because in that moment, Castiel was right there, all big eyes, disheveled hair, undone tie, stupid trench-coat and all. And he had flirted back at Dean, which meant he was at least willing to fuck him, which wasn't exactly what Dean looked to accomplish here but
And he prays. He hates imagining that Castiel is still around, still close to him, still there for him... He hates it because it's not true, and he knows that. But he still imagines it. Because somehow, that thought is the only thing still keeping him sane.
They walked along the empty streets, catching up. It was weird, yet still it wasn’t. Being in this place, with this person, after everything that had happened, after all they had been through (both together and separately) … It felt strangely familiar. Dean felt sixteen again.
“Jeez, I go away for ten minutes and you’re already whining all over the place” asks Benny as he enters through the door, carrying a big bottle of coke.
Dean blinks at the screen in utter disbelief. Did he  just... close the app? After what Dean had said?
“You actually downloaded this thing? Aw, he’s cute” she said looking at the first picture, and then opening her mouth when she saw the others “Oh my God! It’s Castiel!”
he didn’t say. He gestured with his hand at the empty air, hoping Jesse still knew him well enough that he didn’t have to verbalize his thoughts.
His friends made fun of him for it. Of course they did, the assholes. They'd say Dean had become a pretentious organic coffee drinker and tease him about how love had made him a nerd. Dean didn't care. He was happy, in a way. Besides, he was already a nerd to begin with. He had just now found another nerd he liked to hangout with and stare at, and that was nice. He was happy. And really, that was all he could ask for.
“I… um… Nevermind, I’ll catch up. Sorry for bothering you” Dean buried his face in his textbook and hoped his blush wasn’t showing
"Is that a good or a bad thing?" Castiel asks, shrugging of his blazer and setting it on a hanger in the closet to his left. Dean can see, inside it, several business suits. He
“Charlie…” he said, ceremonially, tearing his eyes off the screen to finally looking at her “You know what Grindr is, right?”
He is wearing his usual suit and trench coat combo only without the tie, and his hair is a little ruffled. Despite the fact that he looks extremely fuckable, there is something
It's enough that he still sees the angel's death whenever he closes his eyes for longer than a second. That he can't stop thinking about all the things he didn't do or say when he had the time.
When Castiel stopped answering that night, Dean assumed he had fell asleep and decided to do the same himself.
So he goes to the bar instead. Because it's convenient. Not because every time he drags his body there, he's secretly waiting for that bright smile to be waiting for him at a table.
"Yes," he says, his eyes roaming up and down Castiel's face, not quite believing that this is real, that he is real. "Yes! Yes, Cas. I will never lie to you again, Cas. I promise, I won't. I..."
“We’ll meet you back here in thirty minutes” said Charlie as Jo dragged her across the dancefloor to the entrance of Heaven “…make that forty!” She almost yelled so they could hear between the people and the noise.
“Whatever, you could text him there, but you haven’t. So stop complaining, Dean! If you’re not willing to talk to the dude, I’m not willing to listen to how hot you think he is”
They spent about an hour there, mostly complaining about how tired they were because of school. It was nice, talking to Cas like this. Seeing he wasn't actually the perfect genius Dean had initially thought him to be. Sure, he was smart, but he still struggled through metaphysics in the same way Dean struggled with Python.
It is a pretty sweet routine, and as Dean fell into it without consciously realizing it, he doesn't think anything could disrupt it. Until something, inevitably, does. That is, until Cas does, to be more precise. It is the week after Thanksgiving and he's devouring a pie he brought from home when he gets a new text from Cas.
Cas’ heart skips a bit and he stops walking for just a second, just enough for Jo to notice. Jo notices everything. He hunches even further, but he takes out his phone and tries to pretend he’s not listening, not interested in the conversation. He does not want to be hearing this.
, and he silently thanks her for stopping the hottest man on earth from whispering in French on his ear. He's trying to gain some self-control over here.
. This was just temporary. He was convenient, he was there, and that’s why Dean talked to him. That was it. He was there, every week, because they had class together, and did their projects together, but that was it. The summer would come, and Dean would forget all about him, and move on with his life.
"Oh. Okay. Cool." Dean tried to not look as bummed as he felt that he couldn't continue talking to the guy, and gestured towards the elevator that would take him to his floor "I'll... check those references then"
"You were walking and reading at the same time?" Dean asked with a raised eyebrow, trying real hard to not be impressed. "Isn't that like the 1800's version of texting and driving?"
when the sunlight fell over his face, making all of the little freckles stand out. But at the same time, it all felt so surreal, like it was another one of his fantasies and he had finally gone mad. After all, what were the chances of the guy he’d had the biggest crush on for the past two years of his life, finally feeling the same way about him?
Slowly, without him noticing, Dean is demoted to the back of his mind, reduced to a bitter memory of green eyes and wide smiles that once enticed him into spending the summer on campus.
His phone kept buzzing on the table and he pointedly ignored it because he had a lot of work to do for school and he didn't want to think about that right now, he just wanted to watch Doctor Sexy with his friends and relax and forget about everything else for half an hour. So his phone kept making the sound he knew meant people was texting him but he refused to get out of the bed and see who it was.
However, as frequent and flirtatious in nature as their texts had become, they hadn't talked in person again after the paper was done and submitted.
That was kind of the problem, though, it was Dean’s responsibility to talk to him. And he wasn’t exactly brave when it came to feelings or things like that. But Jo was right, and so was Jesse. He had to leave his stupid fears behind. Besides, he had no right to lust after the guy and complain nothing would happen if he was wasting a perfect opportunity to make it happen. So later that night, when he was back in his room, he told himself to stop acting like a chicken and finally sent the text that would start it all. He gripped his phone tightly, took a deep breath and typed away.
Dean Winchester closed his eyes again, sitting up against the bedhead, trying to gather whatever strength he had left to re-center himself.
Half-way through their second year, Charlie mentioned that, "that dude you had a crush on, remember? Dean Winchester? Well, I heard that he's all lovey-dovey with his childhood friend, Benny. Super hot dude, kinda like a beard-type." And Cas felt a part of him die. Because the past tense was not completely appropriate here. A part of him still
So now he just needed to prove he had a valid reason to know these things about him. He looked around and saw his opened backpack on the floor, sliding from it was his Greece 101 text book. He turned his eyes back to the phone in his left hand. There were other 20 people in that class. There was no way Castiel could guess who he was.
He doesn't say that. He doesn't say any of the hundreds of things that are running through his mind in that moment. He just stands there, silent and shirtless. Exposed as he has never been before. Physically, but most importantly, emotionally. This is the first time in years he dared to bare his feelings open in front of someone else. He is terrified.
And that friendship started to slowly include other people from Dean's life. Like his childhood friend, Jo, who –about a month into their new friendship- started to tease him about his feelings towards Dean. Though, by then, Cas was already an expert in laughing it off and playing dumb.
"Oh I'm sure you two are in a really healthy, exclusive relationship" she said, taking a handful of popcorn from the bowl.
He should've understood by now. But he hasn't, apparently. So Dean plays dumb and changes the subject. Because that's all he can do right now, not to break down every time he hears Castiel's name.
“I can’t!” he actually whined, but then sighed and kept talking “At least, not until I come back from Lawrence, I gotta delete the app before leaving campus”
"I-" Dean glanced quickly at Castiel as he entered the room, then back at his screen again "I kind of am, sorry, man. But, please, make yourself comfortable." he pointed at the bed behind him and turned to his computer.
"I am SO going to create you a profile, dude" Benny said, smiling widely and pointing at Dean with a his forefinger before putting the handful of popcorn he had grabbed in his mouth and continue to talk, chewing at the same time "you've been lonely for too long, you need a man to give it to you good and hard"
He feels like the dog from that online comic, the one surrounded by fire but telling to himself "this is fine". Dean looks around him, there's no fire. This is
When they’re outside and the cold October night hits his skin, Dean realizes going shirtless might not have been the brightest idea he’s ever had.
They laughed together for a minute before Dean said, whipping happy tears from his eyes “Wow, you’ve gotten cocky”
By the time he started seeing Dean again (thanks to his winter semester requiring cross-campus sprinting at lunchtime), he was always holding hands with a muscly, bearded dude.
They take a class together, and they run into each other at the school cafeteria, and at the Starbucks on campus, and they text and they hang out. But it’s never planned. It just is. It just happens.
They didn't spend long working on the project, just a couple of hours, just enough for Dean to angstly stare at Castiel's stubble, trying to remember how it felt under his fingertips. Just enough time for him to get lost in Cas' oh-so-beautiful blue eyes when he explained the difference between the Panathenaic and the Olympic Games, and fantasize about all the different ways he’d like to make that deep steady voice become uneven. After those two hours (however eternal they may have seemed to Dean) they were finally done and it was Castiel who promised to take care of proof-reading it one last time and printing.
"Oh, don't worry. I didn't see you either." Answered Castiel, sheepishly pointing at the book he held in his right hand.
Usually, when the nightmares were too much, he'd pray to his best friend. The angel would fly down, look at him with a light frown, but say nothing and touch his forehead lightly, making the bad dreams go away for the night.
There is no goodbye. No excuse. No apology. It just is. Dean stops talking to him and that's okay. That was Dean’s choice. So it's not Cas' place to talk about him anymore.
When he finally does, he collapses on the bed, tightening the phone in his hand. It’s been hours since Dean’s last text.
So it was Plato in Greek, and then the next week he was reading Sartre in French, and the week after that Lucrecio in Latin and Dean hasn’t even finished that Stephen King paper book Sam got him for his birthday last year, and that annoys him, but it’s also the fact that Castiel is so disrespectful about the class he’ll just read his books while the teacher is speaking (why is he even taking this course, if he already knows so much?).
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe this weird thing some weird people sometimes do, I believe it’s called ‘going on a date’?”
"Dude, hahaha, it's okay! Sorry I woke you up, but, um... I was going out for a cup of coffee and thought maybe you'd like to come?"
"Dude, I'm majoring in engineering, okay? I'm just taking this class because I'm a nerd and I like Greek culture, but all I know about it is Achilles was hot as hell. I really like the whole Greek mythology thing, and the traditions were pretty cool as well, but I don't know the Illiad by heart."
"I was. I shit you not, that crap was hard. But I'm done with the programming, for now at least. I have to leave the AI alone for a while and wait to see if it can learn what I'm trying to teach it. Plus, I need to get out, I've been in here for longer than's healthy. So... coffee?"
Fuck it. He didn’t go through all the trouble of looking this hot just to sulk at the bar all night. He chugs the rest of his drink, puts on his best Dean Winchester Blue Steel and walks confidently into the dance floor. He is going to enjoy this night if it's the last thing that he does. He closes his eyes, puts his hands up, to show off a bit more of his abs than the jacket alone allows for, throws his head back and starts dancing. Fuck it. All of it. He lets himself go. It had been a while and a half since he had gone out to party like this. He's missed it. Dean and his friends are more the kind to go chill in a bar or stay at a dorm. Going to proper clubs isn't something they do that often. And right now Dean is wondering why. It's amazing. The loud music, the fog, the liquor starting to kick in his brain, the bright colorful lights. The heat of a body pressing against his... Dean opens his eyes.
He doesn't know how long he's been laying there, just looking at Castiel sleep and feeling the steady rise and fall of his breathe against Dean's cotton-covered chest. He just does and loves every second of it. He makes sure to not fall asleep too, though. He can't deal with waking up like this, in here, once the effects of the alcohol wear off taking his confidence with them. So he just looks at Castiel, admiring how beautiful he is, how angelic he looks.
The sight of Castiel slowly turning to face him with those piercing blue eyes that seemed to stare into his soul left him speechless for a moment.
It takes him a minute to process the coldness of the door against his back. When he finally does, and fumbles to open it while Castiel is nibbling at his neck, Dean admits to himself that he has never been gladder for being a nerd, who likes Greek culture and thought taking an Ancient Greek course was a good idea.
This fic can be set to both versions of the song. The more produced Jack one. Or Sia's stripped down version. Whichever you prefer is fine. I think Sia's gives reflects better sad!dean's feelings, but Jack's drums are a very explicit metaphore for his heart anxiously pounding. So... make of that what you will.
But then again, he found almost everything Dean did some degree of hot. He sighed, and put his phone in his pocket, right after hitting replay on
knew Castiel had just been wandering the empty hallways trying to catch some warmness for his reading. But all that
“I think he’s bi, though” Dean said, trying to keep his cool, as he put his phone back on his pocket before he did something stupid like talking to him. “I once saw him with a girl”
"Oh. That sucks, man. The thing with your roommate, I'm sorry." He gave Castiel a simpathetic look, knowing that the library was not an option as it was closed at this hour because it wasn't finals week yet and they only opened it 24 hours on finals week. "You know what? I live on the third floor, and I don't have a roommate, so I've got some unused extra space. If you ever need a place to read, you can come over"
“Why don’t you come on in?” Garth smiled widely. “I’ve got something just for you.” he sang, swinging a red shopping bag in front of Dean’s face.
“Really?" Crowley nearly spat. "I was in the bloody upper engine, like I already said if you morons missed it the first time”
“You’re not telling me anything alright?” Dean spat. “And you’re sorry? He’s the damn idiot who made a stupid deal with a freaking cosmic entity. If there’s anyone who should be sorry, it’s him!!”
towards the library and Rowena brushed the sleeve of her dress as if she was touched by some filth, walking to the library, muttering under her breath.
Thank fuck because Dean wasn’t crying when Garth was standing right in front of him, scrawny and bubbly as ever.
As Claire and Charlie entered the Cafeteria, their hearts skipped a beat. They all had the same looks on their faces as they all did when they got the bad news the first time.
Dean cleared his throat to find his voice. “Alex was formal” Huh. Not bad. He was a little proud of himself for not sounding too stunned.
Crowley’s anger was a little too evident. He had his high pitched screaming voice on and a very reddened face. He was an angry little man by nature. And the crewmates couldn’t help but sus him, since Crowley and a Croat aren’t all that different. The only difference was that Croats were vicious murderers. And now, Crowley might as well be one too.
He knew of no ways to recharge a soul in corruption.  But if angelic grace can be replenished by drawing power from a human soul, he assumed the reverse must be possible too. If only he had known what he was doing when he wound a burning celeste blue tendril of his grace around the alluring ring of The Sword’s soul.
Coincidentally, a new British medical equipment inspector had dropped by out of nowhere one day. He seemed like an okay guy, but quite the mysterious type as Jody couldn’t find anything on the guy. Not even a parking ticket. Which was the biggest giveaway, and fortunately most monsters are idiots and don’t know that staying that clean would only throw the light of suspicion over them.
The tears that filled his eyes to the brim drew back as he breathed carefully, letting the grief slowly settle in himself rather than shoving it away. For once, he let the pain do what it wanted to him instead of forcing it out in the form of tears or aggression. Because that's the only way he'd find peace. That was what was fair to Cas.
“Say ‘Thank you’ Gertie.” Bess called out to her as she ran her way up the stairs and all that came in response was gibberish that sounded an awful lot like ‘thanks’.
"You think he's hot?" Sam chuckled and Dean gave him the classic Winchester bitch face and Sam dropped it. He was lost in thought for a moment but spoke up as it hit him.
He turned around to find the girl smiling at him wryly and slowly lifting her hand to point at another book, again at the top most shelf. Sam couldn’t help but smile fondly at her shyness as he strode over and took the book off and this time, the exchange is smoother. She smiled at him showing off her dimples, muttered a thanks again, and walked away, only to turn around and give him a wave which he returned and disappeared among bookshelves. He went back to the local history section of the library to dig up more dirt on local witches.
The bathroom door opened and a freshly dressed Nick stepped out. The brothers’ heads turned sharply to Nick and an awkward minute of staring passed by.
“He’s the reason we’re all alive..” He sighed. “He didn’t have to do any of this, you know? He’s an angel for- for God’s sake. He could have just squatted in heaven like whoever is left back up there but he chose to be down here with us and save us.” The breath that came out after was heavy with regret and weariness. He didn’t want to lie anymore. Not to the world or to himself.
Sam braced for the first punch that came to his jaw. His head was thrown aside and he almost lost his balance at the blow.
Dean huffed and puffed and then dropped on the empty chair, yanked the green bib off the table and tied it aggressively around his neck, and turned to Sam.
“Yeah. I mean, she’s a witch and she was at my apartment and lied to me about getting the floor wrong. She saw me and she freaked out because you and Dean killed her. And then she left. Shit, I didn’t recognize her. So she probably knows that the body swap took place between me and Dean. Fuck, she’ll come for us. Fucking hell, Dean’s out there and he’s fucking tiny!!”
She quickly stuffed some more clothes into her duffel bag and threw them over her shoulder. She sighed as she locked her door. Her time in Wisconsin was up. There was no way that news about a petite exotic, and immigrant girl trying to be abducted by not just one but two shifters was not going to be shared in hunters’ circles. And that meant picking a new identity and running away to a state she has never been to before.
“I’m the creep?? You’re the- uh- the creepy one.  Walking around in my body and all that,” Dean finished, awkwardly.
He studied the tranquilizers with honest curiosity. “Loaded with darts coated with…” He sniffed the air subtly. “Is that dead man’s blood I smell?” He asked.
After salting all the door and windows and warding the room with chalk-drawn sigils, Sam took off with the Impala to Garth’s. Garth had no tie up with witches, but fortunately, Bess had a few tricks up her sleeve and one of them was a recipe of a brew that could break sleeping spells. Big stress on the “could” with loads of uncertainty. But Sam was desperate. At this point, he would take anything to get his brother back on his feet. With the recipe for the brew and its ingredients, Sam sets back to the motel leaving behind a miserable Miracle with two babies tugging on his ears.
“If there isn’t anything about witches in these, then the eight hours of research will have been for nothing.” He grunted as he slipped back into his chair.
“No! It- It wasn’t me. I swear, I-” Her mouth snapped shut as she saw disbelief and weariness in her fathers’ eyes.
As the three walked into the living room of the dark and damaged house, they saw the witch sitting with one leg over the other and finger tapping the armrest of a very old and dusty couch. Just as they saw her, all three draw their guns out and point them at her.
Cas’s expression hardened but Dean wasn’t going to take any of his shit. Yeah, he just did say things he didn’t mean and was being hard on Cas, but the bastard deserved it. What was he thinking?
“Oh! I had no idea. And I’m sorry if I was prying.” She grimaced, and Emma waved it off with a smile. “I did see her talking to a guy in a car outside.” She added.
“I have been going a little too easy on you, Castiel. I see it now.” Her head hung low as she tiredly leaned against the neat white table.
“You have broken our most sacred oath. And the penalty is,” He paused as the flash of silver dug into the base of Acabel’s chest and the grace in him flared through his vessel’s eyes and mouth. “Death” he completed, emotionless.
There was nothing Castiel could do to take a look at the said lingerie. Crowley’s frame was covering the view. He never found one even remotely attractive or even interesting. But he suspected Crowley’s excitement to be of good reason.
“Oh, God! Would you shut up?” Charlie asked, annoyed, pointing at the T.V. with a popcorn before throwing it in her mouth “It’s starting”
Dean doesn’t say anything. Instead, he takes Cas’ hand in his tightly and leads him out of the club.
He observed the outline of Cas' face, how straight his nose was, how the sunset's orange lights entering through the window made his eyes appear lighter than they were, how his lips moved slightly as he re-read a particularly dense paragraph... Dean would take another sip from his beer and wish it was those soft plump lips his own were touching instead of the cold glass of the bottle.
If someone had told Dean Winchester that morning that he was going to spend the night at Castiel Novak’s dorm room, he would have probably passed out
know but decided better not to tell them. “He suddenly got all grumpy when I asked if-” she suddenly stopped herself, risking a quick look at Cas.
He looked back at his life, and thought about how all of his ex-partners, both men and women, had either treated him like shit or been treated like shit by him. And he thought,
"Whatever I want!" responds the blond guy, matter-of-factly. "This morning I had a menage à... um, what's French for twelve?"
"Yeah, Dean." he answers as he enters the elevator and gives Castiel one last smile, before quickly pushing the closing doors button.
would make Dean laugh, they were gone. Chuck’s dorm was on the same direction as his and somehow Jo had convinced both of them to go and leave Dean behind. One day, Jo’s convincing powers would frighten him. Today was not that day.
"What?" he asked, though he obliged and got up to put his phone on silent mode, still refusing to open the messages app "And what the fuck's a Grindr? Whatcha talking about?"
It was a few nights after the beer incident. Cas was sitting in the Dean Cave with Dean rewatching Star Wars (
Dean had imagined kissing the angel more times than he cared to count. He thought that it was most likely to happen after a hunt, maybe after they’d almost lost each other for the umpteenth time. Maybe it would happen after they’d had one of their legendary arguments. But this, he’d never expected it to go down like this. It was the most perfect feeling in the universe. It was like they were meant to fit together this way. Dean never wanted to let go.
It was Eileen standing hunched against the door frame on the other side. Her clothes were torn and bloody, there were wounds on her head and arms and her face was streaked with tears. A sob was torn away from her before she could stop it, and Cas was immediately at the door beside his husband. He took one look at Eileen and pulled her in, wrapping both her and Dean in a hug. He knew Dean was assuming the worst, and so was Cas, if he was being honest. He also knew that Dean was the one who'd raised Sam when they were both kids and so was taking this much worse. Cas prayed, for both Eileen's sake and Dean's, that things weren't as bad as they looked.
In time, Dean made a friend of the swan. He would come back home and talk about his day while the swan listened as they ate. On particularly bad days, days when Dean was starving, or feared that he'd lose his job, the swan waddled up and nuzzled against his neck. It would let Dean pet him as his worries slowly drained away. Both of them were lonely, and both of them sought comfort in the other.
His smile fell off his face when he saw Sir Alastair approaching him. Dean wasn’t overly fond of his master. The man may have been a knight, but he was in no way honourable. He was cruel and deceitful and if it were up to Dean, he would never have worked for him. But it was not like Dean had many job options and he did have to earn money to feed himself. So here he was, stuck working in the kitchens of a horrible master, a master who was currently telling him that he was not going to allow Dean a single day off and that he’d have to be here early next morning to make him breakfast.
The final battle was over. Chuck and Billie had been taken care of. Cas’ deal with the Empty had been broken. Michael and Rowena kept the angels and demons in check. The hunter network had grown quite a bit and now the Winchesters didn’t really have to worry about much besides the occasional run-of-the-mill salt and burn or vamp nest. Cas had moved into the bunker to live with them.
Dean looked at the half eaten donut in his hand. “This was yours? The box wasn’t even marked with one of your stupid sticky notes!”
So Cas once again turned to what he did best. He brought home the small loom with him one evening. Dean was too desperate to even protest. Cas sent him to the bedroom, after making him promise not to walk in on him while he was weaving. Dean was just too drained to protest. He simply nodded and went to sleep.
They stayed like that, lost in the other’s gaze until Dean’s eyes flicked down to Castiel’s lips in a silent question. Castiel smiled at that, at how Dean was always so considerate, before nodding and leaning in till their lips met in a sweet kiss.
Which is why, as Dean walked home, he resigned himself to the fact that he would have to go to sleep on an empty stomach instead of staying up cooking and wasting precious time he could spend resting. Of course, it had nothing to do with the fact that his master barely paid him enough to survive. Obviously.
They got to know, over the next few days, that Cas had the biggest sweet tooth they’d ever seen (okay, maybe discounting Gabriel). Anything with sugar was devoured at the earliest possible opportunity by the angel. Dean couldn’t even bring himself to be pissed when Cas stole his pie because the blissed out look on his face made Dean’s heart flutter. He barely even said a word and instead offered Cas more pie.
"Go to sleep, Dean," Cas said, making his way to the door. "I'm going to do some weaving. I borrowed one of the smaller looms from the shop. Just do me a small favour, will you? Please don't come into the next room while I'm weaving. At any cost. I'll come back here when I'm done."
The general atmosphere of their home was filled with happiness and for once, even Dean’s pessimism and self destructive nature couldn’t bring itself to sabotage their joy.
“What?” Castiel asked stupidly, blinking slowly. Dean chuckled and Jack’s little squeaky voice piped up.
It wasn’t very long before Jack was growing tired and yawning. Dean got up from his spot beside Jack, causing the kid to pout in protest.
Cas looked up, face confused but hopeful at the same time. "Dean…" he began but he was cut off before he could say anything else.
Dean nodded. "It better, if it made you so sick to weave this. I care about you a great deal more than money."
Cas and Sam didn’t see much of Dean over the next few days. They both assumed he’d gotten hooked to some new series on Netflix. He usually only showed up to eat, retreating back to his room the moment he was done. What they didn’t know, however, was that Dean had been laboring away, devouring every book on Enochian he could get his hands on. It was very hard work, he had to admit, with records based on only limited interactions with angels. But he was nothing if not determined. As challenging as it was, Dean simply refused to quit. Cas had begun incorporating Enochian into his speech a lot more and that just strengthened Dean’s resolve.
And so they went, back and forth, till Dean finally conceded, on the condition that Cas would buy his own bed when he'd made enough money. They talked some more, over some hard bread that Dean had bought and went to sleep content, excited for the morning to come.
Castiel closed the door behind him and went back up to Jack’s room, who was back to looking morose. He sat down next to him after plucking a book off his bookshelf, handing it to Jack.
. The most ethereal, mesmerising blue eyes Dean had ever seen stood out in a pallid and gaunt face. A mop of messy, windswept dark hair and a rough stubble framed the man's sunken visage. He was clad in rags and was shivering visibly. He had no possessions save for a tattered coat that was much too big for him, pulled tightly over his shoulders, flapping in the wind.
"Come on in," Dean said, stepping back and gesturing towards the tiny hallway. The man lifted his head, looking hopeful and Dean gave him a small smile. He shuffled in timidly and Dean shut the door behind them.
With a sigh, Dean walked back into his house and immediately, his eyes fell upon a single, long black feather in a corner. Dean was taken aback by the sudden tears that filled his eyes. He gently, reverently picked up the feather and cradled it to his chest before placing it on the small table next to his bed.
, kissed the top of his head and fell asleep with an addictive sort of happiness coursing through him.
It was a night like any other. It was raining hard outside. Dean and Cas sat in the comfortable chairs in front of the fire, talking and laughing with each other. And then Cas brought up a topic that was still fairly new for them, something that they both approached delicately. They had been talking about bringing home a little child to live with them but they both had their fears and reservations. Just as they had gotten down to seriously discussing it instead of skirting around it like they usually did, a knock sounded on the door. Dean grumbled, but got up to open the door.
“I’ll be back in a minute, alright? Stay still.” Castiel said, smoothing back Jack’s hair from where it was lying damp and flat on his forehead. Jack nodded, looking absolutely despondent. When he saw Castiel’s expression soften even more, he put on a tired but brave smile and whispered an “okay”. Castiel smiled back and got up from the chair, pushing it back from where it was lying close to his son’s bed.
Inside his room, Dean sat next to Jack, recounting some story or the other while the kid laughed, his mouth already stuffed full of candy. The sickly pallor of his cheeks was slowly being replaced by a light rosy hue. He looked much better than he had all evening. The three of them sat together for some time, trading jokes and laughing. Jack’s eyes were shining with happiness and even though he’d known it, the sudden realization that Dean was the one who made his son so happy struck him speechless.
"The fire is almost dead, unfortunately, but it is warmer here than it was outside. It's not much but it's home," Dean said, rubbing a hand nervously over the back of his neck, vaguely gesturing towards the small room with a table pushed into one corner and a chair in another. The man smiled softly. "It's beautiful," he said, walking over and sitting in an empty corner.
Dean blinked, and in an instant it was Cas standing in front of him instead of the swan, tears brimming in his eyes and running down his cheeks.
And so, the night went by without either of them getting a wink of sleep as they talked about everything under the sun, from family and friends to god to cruel rulers to what had happened in the kitchens last week. They laughed together and they teased each other and at times, they each lamented about some regret or misfortune. And all the while, Dean felt an inexplicable pull towards this strange man who he had only known a few hours, but who he didn't wish to say goodbye to yet.
Dean was jolted out of his nightmare but his eyes remained closed. He slowly came to his senses, feeling his angel’s calming, gravelly voice wash over him. At first he couldn’t process what Cas was saying; he was still disoriented by his dream. Bit by bit, he began to understand, his mind adjusting to the Enochian that Cas was whispering, oblivious to the fact that Dean was awake.
The next morning, when he woke up, Cas wasn't there. Dean felt irrationally sad. This was the second day in a row that he'd woken up without his husband in his arms. There was also a sense of worry gnawing at him. Why hadn't Cas come to sleep when he'd been so tired after work? Had something happened to him? Had he fallen asleep on the cold floor in the next room? Was he sick? Just as Dean was contemplating breaking his promise and looking for Cas, the door opened and in walked his husband, leaning against the door frame.
"I mean, I just thought that since you're not really going anywhere in particular it would be wise of you to settle somewhere cause man, your lifestyle is hella unhealthy and risky and it's not like we ain't got jobs here, I mean, we've got plenty of ways to earn some money and there must be
By the time Eileen was done, Dean had turned pale and his grip on Cas' hand was deathlike. They sat in silence for a few moments, none of them knowing what to do. Then Dean got up abruptly, let go of Cas' hand stalked out of the house. Immediately, Cas and Eileen jumped up and followed him out into the rain. Drenched and shivering, they made their way across the town to Crowley's house, where Sam was. Dean knocked, no, banged at the door till Crowley opened it with a scowl on his face. Dean didn't wait for him to speak, simply pushed past the healer, ignoring his protests, and made his way straight to Sam. Cas stayed back and talked to Crowley while Eileen followed Dean. After he was done convincing Crowley that they didn't mean any harm and wouldn't disrupt his work, he was led to the room where Sam was kept.
Dean took a deep breath. There was no going back now. “Olani hoath ol, Castiel,” he said, looking him straight in the eye as he said it.
Sam finally had enough time to resume his monthly visits and he always brought Eileen along. Her and Cas were unstoppable together. But despite being on the receiving end of many of their pranks, Dean always found himself falling a little more in love with his husband. Often, Charlie came over with Gilda or Dean and Cas visited them. Benny and Andrea were too busy with their daughter most of the time but they joined whenever they could. Dean was perfectly happy with his life and couldn't wish for anything more. Maybe in a few years he and Cas would look into bringing home a little child but for now, he was content.
Just as they'd hoped, Cas got paid handsomely for the cloth. More than the two of them had predicted, even. No longer did they have to go hungry to bed. No longer did they have to fall ill working themselves to the bone to earn enough for something to eat. Dean thought he'd never have the words to express how proud and grateful he was for Cas. So he did the only thing he knew how to. He showed him. They went to sleep that night with a pleasurable ache in their limbs, full bellies and smiles.
Dean could swear that the wide, gummy smile that graced Cas' face was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He smiled in return, so wide that it hurt but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. Before he knew it, Dean found himself pulled into a tight hug which he returned just as enthusiastically. He buried his face in Cas' neck, breathing in the addicting smell of rain and flowers and reveling in the warmth that spread through him, making him happier than he had been in weeks.
“Uncle Dean said he’d go trick or treating for me and get me back loooooaaaads of candy!” Jack said, dragging out the word. “Please, daddy?” he added, throwing in his puppy eyes that always made Castiel’s resolve crumble.
Dean didn't register the wetness on his cheeks till now. He held Cas tighter in his arms. As dawn broke and the cloth lay half finished on the loom, both men cried for the losses that were yet to come.
Jack fell asleep after that. Castiel had taken the dishes back down to clean and returned to check on his son only to see him leaning back against the headrest, head lolling to the side, mouth slightly open. The book had fallen from his loose hands onto his lap. Castiel smiled. He took the book from Jack’s hand and put it on the bedside table before maneuvering him into a more comfortable position on the bed. His lashes fluttered a bit but otherwise he gave no indication of waking up. Castiel tucked the blankets more securely around him and as he leaned down to kiss his son’s forehead, he noticed that his temperature had gone down.
Beer in hand, Dean made his way back to the Dean Cave, lost in thought. He sat down on his recliner, absently sipping on his beer. The TV continued to play Dr Sexy but he’d lost all interest in it. His mind kept going back to his previous encounter with Cas. Whatever he’d said was unmistakably in some other language. He replayed the other two times he’d heard Cas say that. Right then, he made up his mind.
Cas just shrugged. “What’s the point of eating if I can’t eat the good stuff?” He said through a mouthful of pizza. Dean laughed at the look on Sam’s face.
They soon found out, however, that treatment would be very expensive. With most of the money and possessions from their house stolen, Eileen definitely could not afford to cover all the expenses by herself. So Dean and Cas took upon themselves the responsibility to earn money for the younger Winchester's treatment.
Just as he’d expected he’d added in a new nightmare, and with it more self-loathing. He could only do so much to remind himself of what the circumstances had been and that everyone was safe before falling back on some of his old habits. Bottles were more prevalent under his bed for the first time, he hadn’t been drinking like this since after Bobby died, he’d cut back so far once Emma came around. He wanted so badly to do better but it was so difficult, he managed to pull himself back together bit by bit. He didn’t think he’d ever get over what he did, or wrapping up her body, a parent just wasn’t supposed to ever have to do that. Kids should outlive their parents by a long time, parents shouldn’t outlive their kids. At least she’d come back without him having to make a deal, he woulda done it if he’d had to. Taken less than a year this time if he had to, anything to get her back. He knew she’d hate him for it, just like Sam did, just like he’d hated his dad, but her life was worth so much more than his and he’d do anything for her.
“Read some parts of the diary that talks about how they grew up. It’s not all of it, and it’s not from their point of view so you won’t get everything, but you can see how they took the backseat to hunting. John was obsessed with getting revenge for a demon killing their mom. Dad’s got a lotta issues because of it. You’re just someone he can blame right now. It isn’t really about you though, so don’t feel too bad. We’ll try and get you back though, maybe you do get back and it just hasn’t happened yet so history has to correct itself when it does.”
After checking in to make sure everyone was okay Dean explained Cas leaving with the tablet to them while pointedly ignoring his own confession during the retelling. He could barely think about it and there was no way he would be able to say it aloud again, it was better off not talked about anyway. Cas had left, he knew where they stood on that matter now. If someone leaves then that’s that, it says it all. He talked to Sam about the trials and what Cas said about him not being able to be healed from what they had done to him while Emma and Meg worked to try and fix up a couple cuts they’d gotten from the fight. Nothing bad enough to need more than a stitch or two at most, but the more they could do now would make it easier to fix up later.
Emma is a lot like Dean, partially because he’s the most involved parental figure she’s ever had and partially just because the Winchester genes are strong, heaven made sure of that.
Kudos and comments are always appreciated, if you've got any ideas about what you'd like to see me write for this drop a comment or come talk to me on Tumblr, I'm Scarecrowmax on there as well.
Friendly Vampire. Benny, Benny had a Go Straight to Purgatory, Don’t Pass Go, Don’t Collect $200s card. He needed to call him and fast. He could only hope Benny would be willing to help. He hated that he was asking but this was Sam, and Benny was pretty much family even if he didn’t get on all that well with Sam. He hoped Benny would be willing to do it even though Sam was so antagonistic towards him, but that hope was all he had.
“Look man I get it, I’ve been to the past, and god, I wanted to change it all. But I couldn’t. I had to watch my mom make a deal with the demon who would kill her in exchange for dad’s life. I couldn’t change a damn thing. And even if you do, if you stop Abaddon before she wipes everyone out you could erase us!”
After he left they all scattered a bit. She needed to get out of the bunker, get away from it all for a bit, she left a note for Sam and Cas saying what she was doing and jumped in her car and drove off for Benny's. But it felt like Dean was still there, getting out of the bunker didn't let her escape the memories because they had fixed up her car together, they went on the inaugural drive together, he was everywhere and she knew he was heading off to die. She had to pull off the road because her tears had clouded her eyes too much to safely drive. She wiped away the tears and angrily smacked the wheel wishing things were different, that her dad wasn't about to sacrifice himself. She just wished that everything was different. But it was what it was, and she couldn't change anything. She just hoped being around Benny would help, someone had to tell him what happened at any rate. She’d let Sam make the calls to Jody and the others, she couldn’t handle doing that, telling Benny would be hard enough.
Benny is her first positive monster adult in her life and that's really important. She kinda hesitantly brings up some of her fears about not being human and the fact that she knows she's going to purgatory when she dies and he listens, gives her a hug, and does his best to assuage what fears he can even promising that if she goes out first he'll make sure to get to Purgatory to protect her. She's not a huge fan of that idea, too radical, but the fact he's willing to go that far for her means the world to her.
He's mostly afraid of becoming his dad, he thinks he's already halfway there with how much he's relying on John's buddies Jack, Jim, and Jose these days. So he cuts way back, sucks like a big dog for a while but it's the better option. He may end up raising her to be a hunter but he'd rather go back to hell and spend a thousand years on the rack than raise Emma like John raised him and Sammy. He hates what a hypocrite he is raising her as a hunter especially after telling Krissy's dad Lee to get out of the life and raise his kid like a kid but is there any other option? With Bobby gone there goes the one person he could trust to look out for her when he can't be there, Jody's a friend but they aren't at that trust just yet and besides, she's still so green when it comes to hunting that asking her to watch out for a kid who's part amazon at this point is just dangerous as hell. So Emma is gonna have to come on the road with them. If it weren't for the Leviathans he'd probably try and settle down and give her as much normal as possible but he just can't and it kills him.
Emmanuel is really nice to her, kinda weirded out by ya know the additional layer of nobody is telling him what's actually going on, but doing surprisingly well. She's hoping that Cas can remember himself for Sam's sake and Dean's too because him not remembering clearly is hurting.
When the demon is revealed to be in Jody she yells out “Aunt Jody” as a minor panic response bc this girl has lost too many people and Mary doesn’t really take that well, but the worst part is that she accidentally flashes her eyes and so some of the hunters try and turn on her after that, but with Sam, Dean, Jody, and the Banes twins surprisingly protecting her they back down even tho a number of them are hesitant
They buried him in the cemetery with the Men of Letters who had died the night he came from. It felt odd not to give him a hunter’s funeral, but he wasn’t a hunter and probably would have come back to kick their asses if they tried.
She had enough trouble with the idea of Cas being an angel and she had a positive idea of them, so what would she do if confronted with a monster she shares blood with?
Version 2 of my Taxi Driver rewrite, this one has a major deviation from canon and contains a temporary main character death. It is essential for this version, but they're back by the end of the chapter, it's honestly no worse than what happens in the show but I wanted to warn you.
Dean needed to teach Emma to drive, with the Leviathans on their ass it was important she’d be able to make a quick getaway even if Sam and Dean couldn’t leave immediately, if the leviathans impersonated them or the cops and tried something it was important she be able to get away safely. After he realized he needed to teach her he was almost glad for the first time that they weren’t driving the Impala at the moment. If her first stint behind the wheel was anything like Sammy’s, well, don’t teach a kid to drive in a car you care about. At least developmentally she’d have a few years on Sam as to when they learned, more than a couple inches too because he’d hit his growth spurt in his later teens and at twelve he’d still had trouble seeing out the windshield properly. Emma was only about a month old but she seemed to be about seventeen or so mentally and developmentally so about on target for when most kids learn, and Dean did appreciate that because at least in one way she wasn’t learning as early as he and Sam had to. At least one thing in her life could be almost normal.
If you liked this feel free to leave some kudos, a comment, or a suggestion of something I should write a chapter about. I'm also on Tumblr as Scarecrowmax
“This is the world’s weirdest scavenger hunt ever, I mean how often does finding what you’re looking for involve both digging up a corpse and then still having to go elsewhere?”
Emma will occasionally take the time alone at the motels to do the laundry and she finds the old ring he used to wear, it's been rattling around the bottom of his duffle for a couple of years now and she steals it. When he notices his heart stops for a second because that ring had been his mom's, then he took it, and now it's Emma's. She wants to be like him and he hopes with everything he's got that her wanting to be like him is better than him wanting to be like his dad.
“Then Sam and me will handle them, you won’t have to. I wouldn’t make you do that,” he lowered his gun to his side, she wasn’t gonna rush him and he didn’t need it. “He and I’ll handle them, they’ll never get their hands on you again, not after what they did. That’s what family is supposed to be, protecting each other, not what they’re doing.”
When they got to the building that they’d determined had to be concealing the crypt Dean took charge and told Sam to stay outside with Emma and Meg, that he and Cas would go in and find it. When Dean mentioned him being messed up since the first trial as reasoning for him staying outside Meg asked what they were talking about only to be told to shut up by Sam and Dean. Emma quietly explained while the brothers continued fighting about Sam being sidelined.
Dean is even more desperate to get back inside and more willing to work with Billie bc his kids in there with a fucking demon who's powerful enough to ward the place like that
She and Kevin hang while he’s trying to decode the tablet, she does her best to keep him from completely spiraling out and occasionally makes some pointed pushes of food towards him which is the foundation of their friendship. They definitely get into some shit and can be a real force to be reckoned with when working together
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. As always kudos and comments are always appreciated as are requests for specific episodes or situations for me to write about. You can find me on tumblr as Scarecrowmax as well.
S12 Emma absolutely looks up to Rowena and Dean kinda hates it. Like she loves her because a) boss bitch, b) super powerful, c) makes herself fit in anywhere and Emma still has doubts about how well she fits in sometimes so that grace is what she wishes she had
So when her dad gets yanked into Purgatory, presumably dead or soon to be so, she clams up. She stops talking, and Sam doesn’t know what to do. He has to take care of his niece and he’s never had to be a parent before, never really spent a ton of time all alone with her. Yeah, he’d help her with schooling and whatnot, but usually, Dean was nearby. Or just off to the store for a little while, not gone.
She knew she'd be safe but him asking her to try and be happy was almost too much. How could she be with a hole in her heart that big? He knew what it was like to lose a parent, how could he be selfish enough to leave her voluntarily. She knew he was destroyed by his dad doing the same, how screwed up Sam had been when Dean made that deal, how could she not be just as messed up by him doing this? His parting words weren't good enough to be his last, no words really could be though. It was gonna feel like she'd been ripped apart no matter what.
Emma helps Jack get used to everything and they bake at night. Making bread, cookies, and pie often both because it's calming and because they don't need to sleep as much as the fully human members of the family and it becomes their bonding time. A chance to talk without being overheard about how they fit in and Emma sharing the kind of stuff people assume you know and don't think to mention to a kid who looks like a grown-up.
Magda finds herself really interested in the information the MoL have collected on psychics and so she does a lot of research into it. Emma sometimes has to pry books out of her hands to get her to go to bed before dawn, but honestly, she’s just happy to have a friend around. They’re good friends and sometimes will take trips up to Jody’s together to hang out with Jody and the girls.
Her initial thoughts are too hyper, too enthusiastic, and a total doof. But he grows on her over time. And he ultimately becomes like an uncle to her. Not quite Bobby, but just as loving and willing to take her in when there’s a case. After he gets turned the two of them have some emotional talks about what the monstrous sides of them mean and who they are, if they can really choose to overcome the instincts that come with that.
He knows that all he can do is try and be a better dad than he ever had. He does teach her to use a gun and more blades than just her amazonian blade but he also does the kinda stuff he did with Bobby as a kid so she isn't losing out on her childhood entirely. He takes her out for ice cream, to get her own duffle full of stuff to haul around, and does his best to make sure she never has to worry about her next meal or anything like that because he never leaves her at a motel with a few bills to last a couple of weeks, at most she's alone for a day and has a phone to call him on if she needs to. Every time he leaves her he hates it but knows he can't bring her every time they have to leave the motel for a case.
The way she fidgeted with the handle of her suitcase betrayed the fact that she was as nervous as he had been on his first hunt. It made it easy to put together why she was there almost immediately. And as much as his self-preservation instinct screamed to take her out before she could take him out he wouldn’t, no couldn’t hurt her. He could try to convince her not to kill him but he couldn’t kill her. She was his kid. She was his kid and he’d always promised himself if he had one he’d be better than his own father had been. He’d tried and failed with Ben, he refused to fail again, and if that meant she killed him so be it. Sam would be okay without him.
And Dean panic asked "You read the books?" aware of just what kinds of things had made it into the ones he'd read when they first discovered them.
When Dean comes back from purgatory he's less secretive about Benny.  He's okay with Emma knowing for sure, and he's pretty okay with Sam knowing too because well, if he can handle an amazon in the family he can handle his brother having a vampire buddy. He's still torn up about not saving Cas for sure, but having Emma helps soothe the ache a little because he's got his (not so) little girl back at least.
Her granddaughter isn’t human and she doesn’t know what to do. Her parents had raised her to believe all monsters were just that, nothing more. Maybe you could use them to get at others, but you killed them afterwards. But Emma seems different, she seems just like a girl, any human girl raised in the life. And that scares her, what if she’s not, what if is and others can be like her, how many innocent monsters has she potentially killed over the years? How can she stay while trying to figure it out, she’s surrounded by family but they’re all strangers to her.
Meg spoke up to be heard easily over the radio, “So am I staying with you guys or are we all letting down pipsqueak here?”
Imagine what it woulda been like if Emma lived (or at least been brought back) and how it would have made the family dynamic even more awkward when Mary comes back in s12. Like her boys are older than her and Dean has a kid. Dean has a kid and she’s a monster. Mary not only comes back to a family grown beyond her but one including a grandkid who’s something she would have hunted. Should she? Are her boys in danger from this Amazonian interloper?
They made it to the base of the hill with the portal, Sam pulled both of their souls into his arms, and he booked it when the band of vampires came out of the trees. He landed in the woods and Dean was right there pulling him into a hug. Sam let Emma out into her body before going on to releasing Bobby and completing the second trial. Crowley and Naomi interfered but Bobby’s soul made it to Heaven as it was supposed to and the three of them got home safely.
They had prepared for her to lock the doors on them after the exchange, it was one of the reasons Emma had snuck around the back to try and get the drop on her. She fired a moment too late to save Henry as they didn’t plan for Abaddon plunging her hand into Henry’s abdomen. Abaddon just shook off the pain of the bullet going into her and raged when she discovered Henry didn’t have the key on him but a deck of cards instead. She realized it wasn’t a regular bullet that had pierced her skull when she couldn’t smoke into Henry to find out what he knew.
They heard that Sam had to go through Purgatory to get to Hell and Dean wasn’t doing well, he knew what it was like and unlike hell, it was almost guaranteed the dinner bell had rung the second Sam arrived. When they got back to the spot Sam was supposed to come back through and found the reaper dead he started to panic. How could they get him back? How was Sam gonna get out of Purgatory alive when it had taken Dean as long as it had?
Henry coming through the closet was a surprise to Sam and Dean. Not everyday someone shows up in your closet and asks for your dead dad. He managed to evade the cuffs Dean had tried to put on him, even managed to cuff both him and Sam, but didn’t account for Emma coming back from the vending machine and cold-clocking him on instinct as he tried to make an escape. By the time he’d gotten up from his spot on the floor the elder two Winchesters had gotten out of the cuffs and pulled him into a chair and began the usual tests of holy water and silver.
So Regarding Dean comes around and he doesn’t have his memory. He forgets Sam, he forgets Emma too. He can still kinda tell she’s important to her and he’s even more adamant about trying to remember her name when Sam and Emma tell him who she is but it’s still slipping. And that hurts but Emma gets it’s the spell and not him.
Emma first meets Garth when she’s dropped off to crash with Kevin on Garth’s houseboat while Sam and Dean work a case
They were left wondering what difference Henry being in his own time would have made, but knew that they’d never find an answer to that, that all they could do was continue living their lives and go to the place the key opened and see where that led them.
Emma broke him out of the panic spiral he was starting by saying she’d go, she’d get him back. That she had a direct line, and she’d ride out in Sam’s arm. Dean would just need to wait at the other end and he’d get them back. Dean’s eyes were wide and his mouth was opening and closing while he tried to find the words. All he could come up with was “absolutely not” and couldn’t find an answer to Emma’s “what other option do we have” because he was so caught up in the idea of his little girl dying, of him having to kill her to get her to Purgatory.
She definitely helps hold her back when she’s turning before they can administer the antidote, Amazon strength is a hell of a thing
When they finished and the car was working again he told Emma to hop in and when she got to turn her over and hear the engine purr for the first time the biggest smile broke out on her face and Dean wore a matching one. He was so proud of her and so happy that they’d done it together. They took the car out for a spin and ended up stopping for some burgers and pie to celebrate. It was so simple but it was one of the best days they’d had in a while.
The Mark of Cain scared Emma, it was changing her dad and making him into something she didn’t recognize. He started drinking more than she’d ever seen him, and while Sam said it wasn’t the worst he’d been, that didn’t mean he was okay. She knew it wasn’t really her dad acting like that, he was under the influence of the mark and that was the problem.
During the drive Emma carved devil's traps into a clip of bullets while Henry slept. When he regained consciousness Dean explained to him how he only had Sam and Emma, that John had died for him and he in turn had died for Sam, that he’d do anything to protect the family he had left. And they came up with the plan to bait and switch the key in front of Abaddon and trap her in her body.
Dean is terrified to be a dad. He can handle being Sammy's brother who raises him, and Ben's step-dad type figure but he thinks about how much he screwed up there and so the idea of being an actual dad scares him shitless because all he knows is what he doesn't want to replicate from his own childhood. And Emma may look like a teenager but she's only been alive for 3 days, what does he do, how much does she know, should he send her to school? And how can he teach her to control her powers if he doesn't get them? He barely knows about what kinds of powers amazons have and he really doesn't know what they taught her about the world. He wishes that Bobby was still around, he could translate all the stuff on amazons and tell him how the hell to be a parent because almost all his best memories of being a kid relate to being at Bobby's house.
It didn’t take Emma long to find Sam and Bobby, humans in Purgatory drew crowds. She managed to help take the monsters out by grabbing one of the weapons they’d dropped and just going to town. Her eyes had gone yellow and Bobby had nearly gone after her on instinct before Sam put his arm out between them and yelled Emma’s name.
“No, but neither will this,” Dean swung a machete and took off her head, “you’re gonna wish it had though. That demon trap in your noggin is gonna keep you from smoking out. We're gonna cut you into little steaks and bury each strip under cement. You might not be dead, but you'll wish you were.”
She probably would have gone completely crazy about it all if Sam hadn’t been there reigning her in. He’d tell her to take a break, bring her food when she’d spent too long without it, and remind her to touch base with Jody and Alex to keep from getting too caught up in her own head. Some nights she’d do the same for him; both propping each other up terrified for Dean and so unsure of their ability to actually help. Sam was reminded a lot of the four months he spent trying to get Dean out of hell and was just glad that he had Emma helping this time instead of Ruby pushing him into bad decisions.
He asked what she was doing there and how she’d gotten there, and she explained that she and Dean found out the reaper wasn’t going to be able to get him back and that he’d probably need some assistance. Bobby ended up pulling her in for a hug as he hadn’t had the chance to before and he wouldn’t have a chance to after this. Hugging him made her realize why people in movies always seemed to love their grandparents so much, being in his arms was so comforting that she almost managed to forget that they were in Purgatory for a minute.
Obviously in this Dean, as happy as he is to have Mary back, protects his daughter above all else. She’s his kid. So what would his relationship with Mary become if she tried to hunt Emma?
“I don’t think they’d love the idea kiddo, I’m a demon remember?” Meg played it off like she didn’t care, but she did. She liked feeling wanted, she liked the way Emma looked up to her, and enjoyed the furrow that caused in Dean’s brow. She had been a demon long enough that she didn’t really remember the family she had as a human, and the one she’d had with Azazel wasn’t really much of one, but she felt like she belonged in some way with the Winchesters now. She felt like she could be a part of something for the first time in centuries and though she’d never admit it she was a little scared that she might be tossed out.
Okay so more S12 Emma AU pt 3, she totally rolled up with the guys to her Aunt Jodys and so she also goes to Asa’s funeral, she definitely makes friends with the Banes twins bc they’re great but also the closest in age to her there and as they grew up with a witch for a mom they’re gonna be more accepting of her less than human side
It was the simple moments like this that just made him think about how lucky he was these days. He had his family and despite all his fears about it, he knew he was a better dad than his ever was. Even back then he had been the one to wrap up Sammy to protect him from the cold and now he was doing it for his (not so) little girl. He was happy. That was all there really was to it, he was happy with his life. Sure some things could be better but having Emma safe and being able to be with her was enough some days to make all the other crap worth it.
Charlie was off to Oz with Dorothy and Dean was pulling Baby into their newly discovered garage in the bunker for the first time he caught Emma sitting on one of the half walls that made the motorcycle parking spaces making moon eyes at the admittedly gorgeous green ‘56 Thunderbird parked in it. He knew that it was the same look that had graced his face when he was given the keys to Baby and when finished rebuilding her after the accident. He knew they had a new project on their hands, he was gonna teach his girl to restore a car.
She went from just scared to terrified when Dean died and came back as a demon. It wasn’t even that he was a demon, it was the power the mark held, and the control it had over him. She was glad he was alive but knew he wouldn’t want it to be at this cost. Her dad came back as a twisted version of himself who left her and Sam a short note and left the bunker and them behind. It was almost like when he went to purgatory all over again. At least this time she knew he was still alive but she still had to question if they’d get him back.
They bond over feeling a little like they don't quite fit because as much as Emma's been part of the family for years she still has her moments and Jack is one of a kind and doesn't have the angel to watch over him that Kelly promised. Emma doesn't often feel like she doesn't fit in anymore but Mary acting the way she did kind of made it harder. Sometimes when they're baking Emma will put on some music and a lot of it is stuff Dean showed her, but some of it is the stuff Cas liked and so they'll just hang out and listen, and she'll tell him some stories of what Cas was like so he can have something at least. When she shows Jack the music Cas liked she'll sometimes unconsciously bring her hand up to the necklace that Lydia gave her. She doesn't miss her mother much, but she does wonder what could have been at times.
Their next lesson, Dean drove them to a neighborhood to have her get the feeling of driving on a street and around some cars with minimal chance of an accident. She followed his instructions as to which streets to turn on and they just drove aimlessly in the neighborhood so she could practice signaling, turning, and staying in a lane, or what would be as the street wasn’t really marked. Since she did well and seemed up to it he had her pull out of the neighborhood and onto the road and drive around a bit. He told her she could pull over at any time if she got too nervous and they could switch no problem but she ended up driving all the way back to the motel and managed to park next to other cars for the first time with no problem. Soon she’d be ready for the highway but they’d just caught a hunt so that would need to wait for a little bit.
They heard that Sam had to go through Purgatory to get to Hell and Dean wasn’t doing well, he knew what it was like and unlike hell it was almost guaranteed the dinner bell had rung the second Sam arrived. When they got back to the spot Sam was supposed to come back through and found the reaper dead he started to panic. How could they get him back? How was Sam gonna get out of Purgatory alive when it had taken Dean as long as it had?
Dean still carried around his dad’s old jacket in the trunk, he hadn’t worn it in years but it was comforting to keep around. He was glad that he’d never gotten rid of it or moved it into the bunker when he realized Emma had fallen asleep in the front seat on the way back from a hunt. When he stopped to get gas he grabbed it out of the corner of the trunk it lived in and leaned in from the driver's side to wrap it over her without waking her up. He filled up the tank and then got back in and started driving the last leg home.
I’ll try and do more of it, but here’s a bit. I’m thinking this is officially an Emma lives and not an Emma comes back from purgatory au so it’s probably a pretty solid relationship. Pt 6
The idea of her now having her own car was almost too much, but he knew that she was a good enough driver to handle it, and was old enough for the responsibility.
“It isn’t that you time traveled and probably don’t make it back. It’s the fact that you probably don’t have the choice not to go back and that’s why you left him.”
She threw herself completely into trying to figure out how to bring him back, going over tracking spells in the library, she tried to figure out if Sam would be able to cure him and make it through because of the trials remaining incomplete but started by his hand, and at the same time searching with less and less hope each day that she’d find some new bit of lore on the mark.
Come find me on Tumblr I'm Scarecrowmax on there too. Also comments and kudos mean the world. Please let me know if there's something you want me to write an Emmanatural version of from the show!
She's scared of facing it all and she runs. She runs away because she's scared that she won’t fit into the family as it is now, that she'll have to watch her boys die, that she doesn't even know what monsters really are anymore, and that she won't be able to figure it out without hurting her family in the process.
Sam was doing the second trial and Dean couldn’t go with him. Not that he was itching to go back to hell, the opposite really, but the fact that Sam was going and he couldn’t go with him and keep him safe had him all out of sorts. Emma was nervous too, she didn’t know that much about Hell as neither Sam nor Dean would talk much about it, but she knew enough to know that Sam shouldn’t have to go back and that he was in a lot of danger. The two of them were just trying to stay positive and not think of the million and one things that could go wrong for Sam.
Cas froze in his tracks. He turned around to face him, his eyes wide. “Dean?” he said, his voice filled with disbelief and something that sounded strangely like hope.
Unfortunately, he couldn’t dwell on him for long as the doorbell rang, shrill and loud, signaling the arrival of kids, the first of many that evening. Letting the soup simmer on the stove, he went to get the huge bowl to offer up to the kids outside.
"You made this, Cas?" Dean asked in awe. Cas nodded proudly, slumping against Dean, who supported him with a hand on his back. They stood there for a while in comfortable silence before Cas spoke.
"I had to deliver some cloth to Lady Lilith," Cas said. He thrust the package towards Dean. "Here. I got a raise today so I got you some bread and chicken."
Distantly, Dean was aware that he was rambling but he didn't seem to be able to stop. He always did seem to keep going on and on without so much as a pause when he was nervous. He kept on talking without even knowing what he was saying and then, stopped abruptly when he felt Cas' hand on his arm.
Castiel sighed. “Fine,” he said. “But if you get too much candy and Jack ends up getting cavities, I’m never letting you two near each other again.”
Dean had gone out and picked up pizza from a local place he quite liked. Sam, being the health freak that he was, had completely ignored the large box in Dean’s hand and had gone about making himself a salad while muttering something about cholesterol and heart attacks. Dean, as usual, had tuned out all that bullshit and began munching on a slice. That was when Cas came in.
Sam just smirked, clearly too caught up in his own small victory to notice the unfamiliar word that Cas had thrown his way. Dean, however, found himself thinking about it all evening.
Every night, Dean sat with Cas as he transformed into a swan and weaved. They simply basked in each other's company while they could.
Night had already set in, the sky dark and cloudy, by the time Dean started making his way back home. He was tired to the bone and though his stomach growled with hunger, all he could think about was falling into his bed and getting some much needed sleep. Sir Alastair, his employer had organised a feast and since Dean’s partner in the kitchen, Benny, was with his wife as she birthed their child, Dean had had to get up before dawn even broke to make his way to the large kitchens to make sure there was food enough for the hundreds of lords and ladies that would grace the mansion with their presence in the evening.
Dean’s grin grew wider, until he could claim to give the Cheshire Cat competition. “Damn right I’m Batman!”
Dean hadn't meant to fall asleep. He'd wanted to stay up all night, watching his husband, kissing him. But sleep he did, for he had his husband in his arms in their bed for the first time in weeks, and he couldn't help the exhaustion catching up on him.
"I was weaving," Cas answered. His voice was hoarse from disuse. "Come look at what I made," he said, taking Dean's hand in his own cold one and dragging him along behind him. He led him to the table in the corner. And that's when Dean laid his eyes upon Cas' work.
Dean had already slept so much all day that sleep eluded him most of the night. Many a time, he debated getting up and asking Cas to get some rest with him but held himself back every time, thinking about Cas' strange request. Eventually, he was lulled to sleep by the rhythmic clicking coming from the other room.
could have prepared him for the first day that Cas walked into the kitchen the afternoon he’d moved in.
There it was again, Dean thought. A little foreign word thrown in with his threat. He looked over at Sam who was smirking.
A small smile spread unbidden on his lips as his mind wandered back to that day. He walked as fast as he could to the door, not wanting to keep the kids on the other side waiting. Besides, the sooner he got over with this, the sooner he could get back to Jack. Not that it’d really matter, anyway. He knew he would have to do this several times through the evening.
Dean simply stared at Cas while he talked about his work enthusiastically. He watched as Cas waved his hands around, speaking in an animated voice with a bright smile on his face all the while. Somehow, Cas seems to know exactly what he needed and when he needed it. His mind wandered and he simply couldn't help thinking about the thousands of things that made him fall more in love with Cas everyday. At this moment, he wanted nothing more than to pull him close and kiss him stupid. His eyes went glassy as millions of thoughts ran through his head.
Something in Castiel changed right then. He couldn’t pinpoint the feeling, but it promptly tore his gaze away from the stars to Dean’s face, glowing in the moonlight as memories from years ago came rushing back to him.
a morning person. The angel’s dwindling grace led him to sleep most nights, if only to just preserve his energy. He always woke up grumpy, with a frown on his face and his perpetually messy sex hair worse than usual and looking like he’d been fucked six ways from Sunday. He barely even spoke a word before he’d worked his way through at least three cups of coffee. Dean found it so very endearing.
The swan slowly began to heal. It ate more, moved around and even allowed Dean to apply some healing paste to its wings. Its eyes began growing brighter and the lustre had begun returning to its beautiful black feathers. Some days, it made weak attempts to fly, and Dean was always there to catch it and soothe it.
"What have you done, Dean?" he whispered, brokenly. He pulled Dean close and sobbed into his chest. Dean was too shocked to do anything other than hold his husband tight. Cas cried, for what Dean didn't know. Did he really think Dean would abandon him because of this? Hate him? Dean could do nothing but wait.
That night, too, Dean put down in front of the swan a bowl of water, some grain and some bread that he had sneaked out of his master’s house. While it fed, Dean tried once again to get a close look at the feathers, maybe try and figure out how to bandage them. The swan moved away again. After a few lengthy minutes of trying, Dean gave up again and went to bed.
The matching smiles on both their faces were blindingly radiant and Castiel found himself smiling along with them. Dean got up from Jack’s bed, ruffling his hair and promising to be back with enough candy to last him a lifetime. The mock glare that he earned from Castiel on saying that only made him chuckle and the warmth and happiness in Castiel’s heart grow. As Castiel walked him out, they fell into a familiar teasing banter.
Dean brought his hand up the clutch at his chest over his heart, gasping exaggeratedly loudly. “How dare you?” he said in mock indignation. At that exclamation, both of them doubled over laughing and after a little more teasing and a wink from Dean that made Castiel’s heart leap and his knees weak, he was gone, promising to be back soon.
They were both looking at him, eyebrows raised and adorable little pouts on their scrunched up faces. Those two bastards were teaming up against him. Dammit. He was fucked.
"... Dean? Dean!" Cas said, waving his hands in front of the taller man's eyes. Only then did Dean realise that he'd zoned out. Cas looked anxious. "Would you rather not eat this? Would you like me to get you something else?"
Cas was shockingly good at it, absolutely annihilating everyone else. Dean had never thought Cas could get so competitive over something and looking at the angel’s smug face with a smirk that was more in his eyes than on his lips, Dean’s couldn’t help the way something in his chest fluttered. The self satisfied look was promptly wiped off Cas’ face when Sam bought a property that he’d been eyeing for quite a few rounds now.
So, Dean was honestly quite surprised to see Cas in the kitchens late in the afternoon with Dean's favorite gummy smile on his face and a small package in his hands.
“That’s cause I just bought it today evening!” Cas said, sounding as petulant as a little kid. It shouldn’t have been cute but it was. Dean was so caught up in how adorable Cas was when he was grumpy that he didn’t register a single word that the angel said before he turned to walk out of the room.”
No one got any sleep. Dean was slumped in Cas' arms and Eileen stared gloomily outside the window all night. In the room next to theirs, Crowley worked tirelessly, mixing up pastes and antiseptics, grinding herbs and weighing them. Morning came and with it good news. Crowley was confident that Sam would survive, provided he got proper medication. For the first time since last night, Cas saw something like a glimmer of hope in his husband's eyes.
Cas swallowed. “Dean and I might have our disagreements but there’s something he’s absolutely right about.
When he’d gone to open the door, widely beaming, Castiel had expected animated children. Instead, his smile grew impossibly wider as he took in the sight of his best friend, dark blonde hair, windswept, green eyes shining like emeralds. He was smirking mischievously and it made butterflies flutter in Castiel’s stomach. He took in the sight of Dean who was dressed in a loose white shirt and tight leather pants, complete with his favourite brown leather jacket, a Stetson perched on his head and a whip on his waist. Distantly, Castiel thought of some adventure movies that Dean had made him watch months ago but his contemplation was forgotten when faced by how absolutely ravishing Dean looked. His thoughts had just begun wandering into dangerous territory, his skin tingling, when Dean’s voice jolted him out of his reverie.
Nightmares didn’t plague Dean as much as they had earlier, but he did still occasionally get them. Whenever he did, Cas was by his side within seconds, soothing him with his grace, whispering reassurances into his ear till he calmed down enough. This night was no different. Dean was back in hell again, bound and covered in blood, Alastair looming over him. He screamed, and he threatened the demon, and he pulled at his restraints, and he begged to be set free, but the torture continued, the demon cruel and unrelenting. Cas was by Dean’s bed within moments, brushing his fingers against the hunter’s knuckles, sending in bursts of grace to calm him down. He sat down in Dean’s bed, murmuring comforting words in Enochian as he rubbed circles into Dean’s knuckles with his thumb.
Cas sold the cloth at a price higher than he previously had. His cloth was sought after so much that nobody had any qualms about paying him the extra money. As he walked back home, he realised that this - Cas weaving cloth - was the only way he and Dean would be able to make enough money to pay for Sam. The thought and its implications scared him, but it was a sacrifice he'd willingly make for his family, for Dean.
These past few weeks, Cas had looked more content than he’d ever looked in all his life. It was as if the burden of the world had been lifted off his shoulders and knowing the kind of life they led, that was probably true. He seemed so much more carefree. He had begun helping around the bunker almost immediately after he set up permanent residence there. In fact, Sam and Jack agreed that Dean’s position as the best cook of the family was definitely in danger. The little patch in the back of the abandoned building that formed the outside the bunker, previously filled with weeds, was now a cheerful looking garden with the sea of vibrant colours covering every available surface, under Cas’ ministrations.
As he stood at the counter chopping vegetables, his mind wandered and finally settled, as it often did, on Dean. The smile that always made him go weak in the knees. The sandy blond hair he always wanted to run his hands through. The smattering of freckles on his face, far more beautiful than the constellations in the night sky, standing out even more when he blushed. The way his eyes twinkled with mischief and warmth. His beautifully kissable pink lips. His kindness, his loyalty and the way he was always there for him and Jack even if he didn’t have to be. Castiel was so in love with him.
"I recently sustained an injury and they didn't wish to help me because all I was was a burden to them and besides, all that time could be spent travelling. So they left me to die. I came across a man who nursed me to health. He was a good, kind man but I was an invalid and I couldn't in good conscience continue to impose on him any longer than I had. So I said my goodbyes and I've been travelling ever since. I don't know what really drew me to this place. But it was not like I had anywhere else to be and I was desperately hungry and tired so I figured, why not? And here I am," Castiel finished, spreading his arms somewhat awkwardly.
Ah, Dean thought, cringing internally. There we go again with the rambling. He went on and on, not knowing how to stop and definitely embarrassing himself more with every second that went by.
“I’ll be back to visit ya tomorrow, kid. I promise,” Dean said with a chuckle, though there was no mistaking the sincerity in his voice. Jack smiled and bid the both of them good night.
Dean tried, but he knew nothing whatsoever about caring for a bird and whenever he touched the swan, it made a weak little sound as if it were in pain, and shied away. No matter what Dean tried, nothing helped. It was no surprise then, that eventually Dean grew frustrated, threw his hands up in surrender and decided to leave the swan alone. For a brief moment, Dean thought that he could be in his bed, asleep right now if only he’d left the swan outside. He immediately banished that thought, guilt coursing through him. He got up and got some grain and a bowl of water for the swan. He put them in front of it and as the swan leaned in and fed, Dean made himself comfortable on his bed. Before he knew, he was drifting off and the last coherent thought he had before he fell into slumber, under the swan’s watchful blue eyes, was that he would nurse it back to health, no matter what it took.
Dean turned around, just in time to see the expression on Cas’ face go from confused to betrayed. He stared at Dean as if he had suddenly grown an extra pair of limbs. Dean finished chewing and swallowed.
“I love you.” His voice was tender and adoring, as he tried to pour all the warmth and feeling swirling in his chest into those two words.
That night, when Dean came back from work, they discussed living arrangements. Despite Dean's insistence, Cas stood firm over his decision that a carpet on the floor would be enough for him.
him. But he really did want to understand what it was that Cas was saying. He had no clue where all this was coming from. He’d never really been this way with Sammy and his Latin and Greek. He was more than happy to let his little nerd of a baby brother take the reins on that part of their job. Maybe it was because he felt differently about Cas than he did about Sam. He quickly pushed down that thought. He’d been repressing those feelings for close to a decade and if he wasn’t careful he was going to blurt out something stupid someday. So he decided that he was resolutely going to ignore whatever it was that Cas punctuated his speech with. So what if he decided to slip in a bit of Enochian? It was none of Dean’s damn business.
Cas stood rooted to his spot for a few moments. Dean shifted uncomfortably in his bed. But then, Cas’ face broke into a soft, shy smile. He strode over to Dean and reclaimed his spot in his bed, as Dean moved over to make more space for him. Cas regarded Dean in wonder, as if he’d hung up the moon and stars. Then, he placed his palm on Dean’s cheek and pulled him close as their lips met, after dancing around each other for eleven years.
Dean laughed so hard at the surprised and mortified face that Sam was making that he couldn’t help but wonder if he’d fall out of his chair. Cas and Sam continued to banter as Cas stuffed his face with pizza, much to Dean’s amusement.
Dean pouted and walked away to the other side of the library and began looking. Cas had said something again, something in Enochian, probably and that just fueled Dean’s desire to understand even more. He went around inspecting titles, adding the most promising ones to the growing pile supported by his left arm. When there were too many to simply carry around in one hand, he went to the table and set them down. He took a minute to look around and noticed that Cas was gone. He sighed, looking at the pile in front of him and finally sat down and got started.
It was a beautiful, sunny day like any other when it happened. Dean's stomach rumbled loudly with hunger as he worked away in the heat. He ignored the dull ache in his stomach in favour of checking up on the bread he was baking. Charlie had quit her job to work with Gilda in Sir Cain's house. While Dean was happy for her, knowing that her new master treated her well, he hated how lonely he was at work. No longer did anyone make a few minutes of small talk with him in the hallway. No longer did anyone sneak him some bread to eat in a remote corner of the gardens. The only familiar face he saw at work anymore was that of Sir Alastair and needless to say, it wasn't exactly one that sparked joy.
It was a really cold night. The fire in the tiny fireplace had all but died out. Dean was curled up in a foetal position in his bed, shivering despite being wrapped up in his warmest sheet. His stomach growled angrily in hunger as he tried to shut everything out and fall asleep. He rubbed his hands up and down on his arms in an effort to warm himself. Seconds turned into minutes and after almost an hour later, when he had finally managed to numb his senses, the sound of knocking reverberated in the tiny room. Dean groaned and decided to ignore it, curling up further into himself and pulling the sheet tighter around him. A few minutes passed and Dean had just begun to think that whoever it was had gone away when the knocking sounded again, this time louder and more urgent.
Cas looked terrible. His usually tan skin was clammy and pale, and he seemed to be unable to stand on his feet without support. There were beads of sweat clinging to his temples and his breathing was laboured. His hair was even messier than usual. His eyes, normally such a vivid blue, looked glassy, with dark bags under them. But he had a huge smile on his face. Dean immediately got up and walked up to him, cupping his cheek with one hand.
“Aww c’mon, Cas! The kid needs his Halloween candy fix, doesn’t he?” Dean’s eyes grew wider and there was a little pout on his lips.
Dean turned to look at him, eyes wide with shock before they softened, their corners crinkling as a smile graced that beautiful face. His eyes shone as if entire galaxies were encompassed within the green and gold. They just stared at each other for a few moments, green lost in blue, before Dean broke the silence.
Dean only had to take one look in his unnaturally blue eyes before nodding in certainty. "Absolutely," he said. "I'd love to have you here."
Dean hadn’t expected to find anyone in the library. Sammy was out with Eileen again, helping Jody and the girls with a hunt. Jack was in his room, probably deep in the Netflix hole. Cas, he thought, was probably in the garden tending to his precious flowers with bees buzzing around his head. Dean smiled at the image.
Belatedly, Dean realised that he'd just been standing there with his mouth hanging open, without actually giving a reply.
Two weeks had gone by. Dean suddenly woke up in the middle of the night, alone. The first thing he heard was the sound of the damned loom. Anger and worry coursed through him. He got out of bed, determined to get Cas to sleep at any cost. He padded barefoot across the room and flung the door open, profanities ready at the tip of his tongue.
Jack smiled as he put down the book and Castiel moved the chair to sit beside his bed. They spent the next few minutes in companionable silence, punctuated only by Jack’s feeble but satisfied sighs as Castiel spoon fed the soup to his son.
Over the days, they settled into a comfortable routine. Dean would leave early in the morning, careful not to wake Cas up in the process. Cas would leave the house later in the morning to go work with the weaver, who had been very impressed with Castiel's skill when he'd gone looking for employment. Between the two of them, they made enough money to live much more comfortably than Dean had alone. But if he was being honest, Dean didn't really care about the money as much as he did about the company.
“Hey, Jack. Why don’t you read something while I make you chicken noodle soup?” Castiel asked, smiling. Jack perked up at that.
Dean didn’t know what made him do it. Maybe it was the fact that he was still half asleep. Maybe it was the fact that the nightmare had disturbed him enough to make him seek some more comfort. Maybe it was the loving words that Cas had whispered to him to calm him down. Whatever it was, Dean just couldn’t help the words that fell past his lips next.
The feather had seen better days. It was bent at odd angles. The barbs were ruffled now and some of them were torn. The feather had lost its shine. The inky black was dull now. It didn't look like anything special. It didn't look like it could be woven into the most beautiful kind of cloth. It didn't look like it had once belonged to the most important person in the world.
Cas hated seeing his husband look so small and defeated. Sure, he was hungry but he cared more about Dean's well being. He couldn’t see his husband work himself into the ground to try and get something more filling for the both of them to eat. Dean went to bed with his muscles all sore and he hardly got enough sleep because of all the stress. The final straw was when Cas woke up one day in the middle of the night to quiet sobbing and found his husband's face buried in his pillow with his back turned towards Cas. He had held Dean tight that night, when he'd stopped crying and they had both pretended in the morning, in some unspoken agreement in an attempt to preserve Dean's dignity, that nothing of note had happened the night before. But Cas had had enough. They needed more money and he wasn't about to let Dean gamble his health over it. So he did the only thing he knew how to. He weaved.
No matter how hard they worked, though, it wasn't enough. The fee expected from them was a huge sum, because the herbs Crowley needed were incredibly rare and immeasurably costly. Dean worked every odd job he could find besides cooking and so did Cas, when he was not weaving. They toiled away all day and by the end of the week, the money they'd collected barely made a dent in the amount they needed to pay. Crowley expected the payment by the end of the month.
"Please," he started, voice soft and hoarse with disuse, "Can I stay the night? I have nowhere else to go and your…" he broke off in a violent fit of coughing. When the coughs stopped, he continued. "Your house is the first I've seen in miles and I'm just so tired and so cold and I don't have any money and I…" he trailed off, seemingly too overwhelmed to get any more words out. He stared at Dean expectantly for a few moments before his beautiful blue eyes turned downwards and he took a step back.
Very often, almost every night in fact, he stared at the black feather till he fell asleep. He found himself missing his little swan friend every time he had so much as a moment to stop and think. And he wished every day that he had someone to share his life with, someone he could love. Whenever he saw Charlie with Gilda, or stopped by Benny and Andrea’s for a visit, or got a letter from Sam where he inevitably began rambling about his wife Eileen halfway through, Dean would feel even worse. He was happy for all of them, but he couldn’t help but feel bitter, too. And he was ashamed of himself for it.
With great reluctance, Dean pulled himself out of his bed and dragged himself to the door, teeth chattering because of the cold. He had a scowl on his face and a few choice curses on his tongue as he flung open the door. The words all died in his mouth when he took in the sight of the man standing in front of him. The first thing Dean noticed was
After they'd calmed Eileen down enough, she finally started telling them what had happened. The movements of her hands were not as fluid as they usually were, and she was ready to collapse but she kept going. Sam had recently proved a rich, influential merchant guilty of thievery, fraud and harassment, among other things. The man, angered by this, had hired men to kill Sam and his wife in their sleep. But they'd failed. Eileen had gotten away and Sam had been stabbed, but he was still alive. He was with a healer, Fergus Crowley, who had been treating him since Sam had been brought to him. But his injuries were grave and no one knew if he'd even make it through the night.
“Damnit!” Cas said, throwing his hands up and giving Sam the biggest stink eye Dean had ever seen. “That one was supposed to be mine! You’ll regret that, Sam Winchester.
He pressed his lips against Dean, gently first and then they grew frantic, clutching at each other desperately, everything else forgotten. And that is how one of the more spiteful maids found them and snitched on them. They were kicked out of the mansion and Dean didn't get paid that day but he couldn't find it in himself to care. Cas was worth it, and more.
“Thank you for getting all that candy for Jack. I hated seeing him so miserable and if you weren’t here, I don’t know what I would’ve done.”
And then Cas told him his story, face still buried in Dean's chest. His entire family, his brothers and sisters, had been cursed by his aunt who dabbled in black magic. She'd hated her brother and this is how she'd gotten her revenge. Initially, they were stuck in bird form during the day and turned back into humans at night. But later, they were able to control their transformation. Then, one day, a hunter shot Cas. His family abandoned him. And that is how Dean found him, and helped him. Cas had left and tried to find his family, but they refused to take him back. And so he found his way back to Dean. He'd always made Dean promise not to watch him while weaving because his curse also entailed that if anyone saw him in his swan form after they'd seen his human form, he'd be dead within the week.
Life treated them both well. Dean had quit working for Alastair and followed in Charlie's footsteps. Sir Cain was a good man who paid him well and treated him more like a friend than an employee. When before he had received no appreciation, nowadays he was praised by Sir Cain and Lady Colette at every meal. The old knight had gotten acquainted with Cas one day when he had brought food for Dean and they'd bonded over their shared love for bees.
Ever since he’d moved into the bunker, Dean had decided that he absolutely had to make Cas eat whatever he made. That was, of course, before Cas decided to take over the cooking duties and kick Dean out of the kitchen. But a few days had been enough to discover that Cas could be a worse glutton than Dean when he wanted to. There were the burgers, of course. Dean had already known that. But nothing,
The words died on his lips when he took in the sight in front of him. Cas wasn't at the loom. Cas was nowhere in the room. Instead, he found a beautiful black swan, pulling out one of its own feathers to spin into the cloth. The swan looked up at the noise and its eyes met Dean's.
It was worth it, though, when he saw Jack’s face light up as he brought him a generous helping of the soup to his room. He was hunched over the book but straightened when Castiel knocked on the already wide open door before coming in.
Dean suddenly realised that he did not have a bed to offer to the stranger, save the one on which he slept. He sighed and resigned himself to a night on the floor.
“In a minute!” he called out as he dipped the cloth in the ice cold water again, squeezing it so that there were no stray droplets dripping from it. He folded it in half and laid it gently on Jack’s hot forehead. His eight year old son was looking up at him miserably. His usually mischievous golden brown eyes were shining with tears just waiting to be shed, hair wet and plastered down on his forehead. Castiel couldn’t bear to see him like this. The poor kid was missing his favourite holiday and there was nothing Castiel could do except nurse him through his fever which showed no signs of getting better.
Needless to say, it had been an exhausting day, what with running around shouting instructions at the maids, baking breads and pies and roasting meats and making sure that everything was served at the right time. For a while Dean had been scared that they would fall short of wine but his fears were unfounded. Overall, everything went smoothly and even the leers and lewd words directed his way by some of the Lords and Ladies could not ruin his satisfaction at a job well done. He was hungry and thirsty and his limbs ached but he could not wipe the grin off his face when he thought of the fact that he had the next two days off.
Dean’s efforts paid off. He was beginning to understand Enochian and he made good progress. It was mostly limited to spells, initially, some of which Dean was pretty sure they’d come across before. Most of the books were about magic and even though Dean was sure he was on the right track, he still didn’t know how he would pick up on the stuff Castiel said, the slang he used. At least, that’s what Dean thought it was. So he dug deeper, hoarding more books until he came across a few very old ones, hidden in a heavily warded wooden box in an obscure corner of the library.
Sam suggested Game Night one Friday and the other three were immediately on board. They decided to play Monopoly first. Cas, unexpectedly, got too into it. Not that it should’ve come as a surprise to Dean. The angel always did whatever he did with single - minded focus.
His small frown morphed into a smile as he saw Dean for the second time that evening, his hands occupied with a bag bursting full of candy. “Heya, Cas!” he said, grinning and pushed past him to go up the stairs. By the time Castiel came back to his senses and called out “Jack’s asleep!” Dean had already disappeared into his son’s room. He heard laughter as he walked up the stairs and realised that the doorbell must have woken Jack up.
Dean hesitantly reached out and touched it, thinking it to be dead but the moment he made contact with it, the bird let out a weak, pitiful sound. Dean got down on his knees and looked more closely. In the dim moonlight, he could just about make out that its wing was bent at an unnatural angle, the feathers torn and ruffled.
He got started on those books as soon as he got back to his room after lunch that day. These proved to be far more interesting and informative, Everything Dean had read up till this point had led him to believe that humans considered Enochian a dead language and that the vocabulary that they had compiled into their dictionaries was very limited. These books, however, they were a gold mine. And Dean learnt more in a day than he had in weeks.
Cas frowned, eyed Sam’s salad with disdain and promptly grabbed a slice of pizza from the box in front of Dean. The older Winchester just smirked.
“Dean.” Castiel said warningly. As it is, he was having a tough time resisting Jack’s puppy dog eyes. He was not sure he could handle Dean’s thrown into the mix as well.
By the time Dean got back home, he had almost forgotten about the swan. It raised its head from where it was curled up in a corner, the moment it heard Dean open the door. Dean jumped back and cursed.
Dean yawned widely, pulling out his keys from his pocket when his little house came into view. As he got closer, steps shaky and small, he spotted something dark on his doorstep. Squinting, he tried to make out what it was but it was much too dark to really see. Hunger and fatigue forgotten for the moment, Dean only had eyes for the dark lump as he walked towards his house. He reached the door and bent down.
The next few nights, Cas barely slept at all. Every night, he coaxed Dean into bed and then sat down with his loom in the other room. Every night, Dean fell asleep to the clicking of the loom and the spot on the bed next to him cold and empty. And every morning Dean woke up to an empty bed and a deafening silence, meaning Cas had finished his work. Every morning he found Cas slumped in the chair, or on the floor, asleep. Every morning he seemed more pale and haggard, more gaunt and thin. Worry marred his face even as he slept, and he shivered from the cold. Three days into this routine, Dean asked him to stop. Every day, when Dean woke his husband with a kiss to feverish skin, he begged him to stop exerting himself so much, to stop weaving and rest. And every day, Cas gave him the same answer, that this was the only way that they'd ever make enough money.
“You work twice as hard as the rest of us, and he treats you all the worse for it,” she said, shaking her head in anger as Dean groaned in pleasure around a mouthful of bread. They chatted about various things, flitting from one topic to another and once or twice Dean contemplated telling Charlie about the swan but then thought better of it. The bread was finished before they knew it and they went their separate ways, grumbling about their master in lieu of a farewell.
