“-Because that looks a hell of a lot like a fucking HYDRA logo, except that clearly can’t be the case since you literally sacrificed yourself to rid the world of them-”
Steve’s chest tightened painfully as Tony spoke, his words breaking through his tough exterior, though he tried his hardest not to let it show. He almost preferred the struggling from moments ago. He’d been scared that Tony would react this way but hadn’t done much to prepare himself for it – so much for not underestimating him. He just kept reminding himself that all of this was only temporary. Tony would come around eventually. He had to.
“Maybe another night, Peter. It’s getting late.”
“You sure?”
“You’re still standing here, so obviously you’ve got something else to report. Spit it out, I don’t have it in me for you to be wasting my time right now.”
“So, what’s your plan now? You’ve finally got him but he’s not going to just go along with what you say. Not for a long time, I’d expect.”
Subconsciously, Tony let a hand run through the messy pile of curls that obstructed his view of the boy’s face. After the whole moving-day disaster, Tony had really taken to the boy and increased his role in Peter’s life. Despite his Aunt’s slight reluctance, he had him over at the compound every weekend, and usually quite frequently throughout the holidays as well. Last summer had involved a period of three weeks straight at the compound, where Peter was being trained during the morning, before working with Tony in the afternoon. He’d grown closer to Peter, to the point where he couldn’t really imagine his life without him. And a part of him, though he was hesitant to acknowledge it, knew that the boy felt the same way about him. His Aunt had said as much and continuously thanked Tony for stepping up as a father figure in Peter’s life, even if it meant that she had to take a step back.
Slowly, but quietly, Tony approached Steve from behind. He showed no sign of realising that he wasn’t alone, meaning he was probably off in one of his trances again. It was only once he got right behind him, that Tony realised he was holding something in his hands. Leaning over slightly, Tony chewed on his lip nervously as he recognised the photograph.
Steve gently wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and assisted him towards the compound. It wasn’t a hard task, not simply with the super-soldier serum, but also because Tony must have lost almost half of his body weight in the almost month-long period that he’d been gone. The even greater difference in size between the two of them only fuelled Steve’s already overactive protective urges. He covered as much of Tony’s body with his own, serving as somewhat of a shield between him and the rest of the world. Rhodey ran up to the two of them though and supported Tony on the other side.
A hearty chuckle had his eyes widening from their drooped position. He’d almost forgotten about his situation, but looking down, he took in the ropes wound tightly around his arms and around his torso, fastening him to an uncomfortable wooden chair. There were similar restraints around his lower shins. The sight snapped him out of his stupor, his head moving away from the warm touch reluctantly. He silently reprimanded himself for such wanton behaviour in his current dilemma. He needed to focus on getting out of here. His arms tensed, testing out the strength of the ropes by pulling roughly against them. Though he was more aware of his surroundings, he was still swamped by confusion that was increasing his panic.
It was a small, black and white photo that was severely wrinkled, but the subject was unmistakable. The youthful gaze of one James Buchanan Barnes met the camera, a small smile playing on his lips. A feeling of guilt swelled in Tony’s stomach as he noticed the pained expression on Steve’s face. Although they’d agreed not to talk about him, Tony knew that Steve often thought about his best friend and how he’d lost him so suddenly after he’d finally managed to get him back.
Ever since he’d been (honourably) discharged from the army, he’d been desperate for a decent job. As much as he loved his art, he knew that there was no way that he could support himself with that kind of career and decided to make something of his writing skills instead. He’d kept a journal throughout his tours, and what starting out simply as a way to pass time soon became his second-to-main (sketching still won) form of release. Those journals contained some of his darkest thoughts and would likely remain closed for the rest of time, but really helped him pull through. So yes, writing had been an integral part of Steve’s life in the army, and he was grateful that it was helping him now. And, whilst investigative journalism may not be the most morally-grounded job (especially when it involved going undercover and lying to people), Steve reasoned that the experience (and money) that he would earn from this piece would be invaluable.
“Tell me a story.”
“And if we make things worse? Lose what we have left?”
Thanos? No. Thanos threw a planet at me and then was
Steve and Tony left the mess at the table in order to bring Peter upstairs for his bath. The unexpected visit from the team had pushed back their schedule and Peter was struggling too much for only one of them to be able to keep an eye on him. It was also just an excuse for the two of them to spend more time with their son after an especially hard day. They needed moments like these to remind them of what they still had, and what they had gained through all the loss.
He raked his eyes over the man, taking in his beard once more, and noting the increased muscles along his arms, bulging against the tight fabric of his suit. For a brief moment, Tony wondered what it would be like to be wrapped up in them, knowing firsthand the safety and security they could provide. He had to quickly remind himself that as comforting as those arms could be, he also knew first-hand that they could be dangerously strong when pummelling a shield into his head and chest over and over again.
“You’re not the same person anymore!” Tony shouted angrily. Whilst his struggling had temporarily stopped, he was now shaking heavily. His voice dropped to a whisper as he continued. “You can’t be.”
“What the fuck is that?”
“I do.”
“Not like what? What’s going on, Steve?” Tony was almost hysterical now, trying desperately to piece together different scenarios in his mind. Steve could see the confusion and the anxiety that was brewing within him, only fuelling his panic.
“-I missed you, Pete.”
Peter gave him a mischievous smile. “Shit.”
Tony paused for a moment, trying to decide whether it was appropriate to bring this up. “Has your Papa ever told you about his best friend, Bucky?”
“-No.”
“But I’m not tired.”
Whoever it was that took him, must have taken Steve as well. It wouldn’t be the first time that they’d been kidnapped together. The man was crouched over beside where Tony sat, a look of deep concern etched into his features. He was looking a bit scruffier than he did last time he’d seen him, his face hardened, yet his eyes still holding a softness – one that Tony didn’t realise was reserved only for him. His face was also half covered by a thick beard now, hiding his chiselled jawline. Tony would have been upset by that, but he couldn’t hide the fact that the beard was attractive, maturing Steve’s appearance.
Despite knowing that Steve was just making excuses, Bucky gave in. There would be no convincing him when he wanted Stark this badly. Bucky just sent a silent prayer that they’d be successful this time, not only for his own sake but for Steve’s as well. Every failed attempt brought him closer and closer to breaking point, and Bucky knew that he needed the right mindset to move forward with the rest of their plans.
Peter still struggled as Tony reached over, but eventually let go of the fork that they were warring over. Tony awkwardly cut up the pasta into more manageable sizes for a child, before handing over the spoon. Although pouting, Peter accepted the utensil and resumed his eating. He smiled as he was able to pick some of the meal up and bring it to his mouth. “Thank you, daddy.”
“You better…because I don’t know what I’m going to do if you don’t.”
“Uh yes…Sir.”
What was helping, however, was the sight of Tony upon their return. Even though he had obviously not yet forgiven Steve for everything that had happened between them, and even though he was in an induced coma after passing out, there was still a small flicker of joy he felt upon seeing his small form. He couldn’t make things right by bringing everyone back, but he’d try his damn hardest to make things right with Tony.
Steve felt as if Sam was taking the words right out of his mind. He felt way in over his head, but there was no way that he could back out now. His boss had practically forced this on him, having already got him approved as a bodyguard for Stark before he’d even heard of the job. This felt like some crazy daydream that Steve had every time he got given another uninspiring topic to write his brief on. He’d been constantly wishing for an opportunity to write something bigger and better than his usual stuff, and here it was, right in front of him. So why was he feeling so uncertain about everything?
“We need you to focus, Tony, please.”
“In more ways than one, Peter. Your Daddy has always been there to save me.”
“I am inevitable.”
Steve sighed, half in relief and half in annoyance at the appearance of Bucky. Whilst he wasn’t particularly in the mood to see anyone, if he was going to have to endure anyone’s presence, he was glad it was his. Of course, he’d never let anyone else survive taking such an attitude with him. Steve ran his eyes over the man, taking in the blood that stained his now matte black arm, and the rest of his dark suit. With the forced removal of his arm in Siberia, Bucky had been stuck with three limbs until Steve had found someone with enough intelligence to create a new one. Of course, it still fell short of what Steve expected Tony could create, but it did its job well enough. The new colour palette helped with stealth when needed, no longer shining under light.
Most importantly, at that moment, however, was the fact that Steve was unrestrained and had the ability to move around freely. That was probably down to his super strength, even though Tony couldn’t make out any other chairs that he might have been bound to. If he’d been in the right mindset, that might have been a cause of concern – because why would someone be stupid enough to leave quite probably the strongest man on the planet without proper restraints – but Tony was too focused on the desperation he felt towards getting out of the room he was trapped in, and getting rid of the ropes that were blistering his skin.
“Stay away from me.”
Tony smirked at the sluggishness in the boy’s voice, mentally filing away this image that caused a burst of warmth in his chest. “Yeah, bud, it’s me.”
Bucky hesitated at the question, only angering Steve further.
So, tonight, once more, his men had failed to bring Tony to him. They’d planned an operation involving breaking into the compound and grabbing him during the night. Only the built-up paranoia had meant that Stark had upped the building’s security and the man knew they were at the building before they had even entered it. The ensuing battle had meant more than half the men on the operation had failed to return, and once again he didn’t have Tony where he should be. They were getting too obvious in their attempts, and Steve knew he needed much more capable individuals on the job.
“Wait. How’d you even know I was going to say yes?”
“I figured it out by the way.”
“Yeah, Buck, you did.” Steve came closer and grasped his friend’s good shoulder in a silent thanks. They exchanged a small smile at the old gesture, one they’d been doing since they were back in Brooklyn – although Steve had never quite been able to comfortably reach his friend’s shoulder at that time – before stepping away from each other.
He shook off the stares, and instead turned to his computer to continue with the article he had spent the week writing. He’d been stuck on Saturday columns for the whole 4 months that he’d been here. That wouldn’t necessarily be the worst thing, except that it involved what had to be the lowest pay rate in the office. He was struggling enough trying to make it by in New York as it was, and really didn’t want to have to pick up a second job (or a new first job if his meeting ended badly). On top of that, what was usually at least a 2000-word article would get shortened to less than 500 and stuck on whichever page it would fit. He was hoping that he’d be able to pull off an amazing article soon, and in turn, get more articles assigned to him. The investigative team ended up with the best pay of the office, despite their low rates, due to the interest that they tended to amass. These articles ended up being the headlines, not the crappy little column on page 12.
“On the contrary, I’ve never felt saner.”
“Hey…come on, out of there. It’s dinner time, and your Papa is going to go all mother hen on us if we’re not ready.”
A warm hand came up to his neck, the thumb rubbing gently across his cheek. He couldn’t help turning his face slowly into the open palm, wanting more of the soothing touch. The palm was slightly calloused, obviously a sign of hard, physical labour, but Tony only found that more calming, reminding him of a set of hands he hadn’t felt in a long time.
“Just looking up a new recipe to try out tomorrow.”
“I had some important shit to do! No, but seriously I just had something on my mind.” He responded, playfully.
“Part of the journey is the end.”
“It’s not like that, Sweetheart.” Steve tried to ignore the way that Tony flinched at the nickname.
“Yeah, sorry about that. Thanks again, though, Mister Stark.”
“Sorry Boss, won’t happen again.”
“Peter…I want him back as much as you do, but it just…it just doesn’t work like that.”
“And I
“Scott, hey. How are you here?” Steve asked as he pulled back from the hug.
Steve looked down himself and almost cursed at his stupidity. He was still wearing his suit. His HYDRA branded, obvious-as-fuck suit. To be fair, he hardly wore anything else these days, but he’d planned on changing for this occasion. It’d slipped his mind once he’d gotten the message from Bucky, too focused on getting back to Tony and not risking the possibility of missing this moment. A casual approach definitely would have helped this all run smoother, but obviously, he was now going to have to improvise a little bit. So now, here he found himself dressed in the most obvious symbol of his new allegiance when he was trying to gently break the news.
Steve only hushed him gently as he came to a stop in front of him. Reaching out a hand, he cupped Tony’s neck gently, a favourite move of his, before pushing his head back tenderly. This had the dual effect of giving Steve direct eye contact with Tony, whilst also exposing the side of his neck. Whilst the fear and apprehension in his eyes were obvious, Steve could also detect the underlying rebelliousness that was characteristic in all of this. As much as he wanted Tony to be completely his, a small part of him hoped he retained that trait – maybe just to a lesser extent.
What he had planned for Tony wasn’t going to be pleasant. Necessary, but definitely not pleasant. As much as he hoped that Tony would be understanding of everything, and quick to get over his anger, given his track record, Steve knew that was unlikely to happen.
“Dad! Can you hear me? We won, Dad! Dad, we won…”
Steve turned his attention back to his friend. Bucky had managed to clean up after he’d dropped Tony off, no longer wearing the same bloodstained clothes as before. Steve was grateful, knowing the sight of Tony’s blood would only make it even harder to leave him.
The car gently rolled to a stop outside the apartment block, and Tony looked up in mild disdain. Whilst he didn’t look down on Peter and his Aunt for their financial situation, he’d offered a countless amount of times to move them somewhere better, safer. He didn’t like the idea of Peter being left vulnerable, particularly with the recent attacks that he’d been privy to. Of course, May had denied him time after time, refusing to accept his offer, clearly as an attempt to prove herself worthy as Peter’s guardian. Never had Tony doubted that, he had copious amounts of respect for the woman, but he couldn’t help the niggling feeling that they simply weren’t safe.
“Bucky, I’m not in the mood for this right now. Just let me know you’ve done what I asked you to, then you can go.”
So, Steve had really thrown himself into becoming a family man. His cooking had come a long way in the past five years. At first, they’d been surviving off microwaved meals, and sandwiches, which they’d still somehow managed to mess up. It had quickly been decided that, despite his technical expertise, Tony should steer clear of the kitchen when it came to cooking. It tended to be him that threw Steve off, with inventive ways of speeding up cooking or preparation processes. Once he’d finally wrangled control in the kitchen, Steve had been able to flourish. It had been a slow progression, but gradually he’d been branching out, trying new things. It wasn’t uncommon for him to sit down for an afternoon and flick through a cookbook, or for Tony to catch him trying to copy a cooking program that he’d recorded for himself. It was endearing, really, and the food was amazing. Tonight, Steve had gone for a pesto, chorizo and tomato dish that Tony had mentioned he’d loved the first time he’d tried it.
He brought Peter close to eye level, before whispering in his ear. “Hey, Pete. Why don’t you go tell your Papa about our new guests?”
“Wow...”
“Yeah, Buck. I’m sure.”
The man was now slumped over in a wheelchair and hooked up to an IV bag that was slowly giving him nutrients. Bruce had patched him up quietly, although most of the worst injuries had already healed. The malnutrition was the most concerning and Bruce had already expressed his concern over it more than once. Though it looked like they were in the clear, it would be hard to tell for a couple more days.
Peter didn’t look very remorseful, or much like he would keep their little secret. “What are you doing?” He asked, looking at the hologram hovering in the air before them. Tony knew he wouldn’t have a clue what it meant, but his eyes widened excitedly none the less.
gone. They fell along with SHIELD. It’s a different organisation now one that-”
Growing more desperate in his attempt to get to the case, Tony almost cried in relief as the buckle of his seatbelt finally gave way after his frantic pressing of the release mechanism. His body fell forwards without the restraint, and he made quick work of the lock on the case. Inside, two thin, silver bracelets lay gently in their display. He quickly shoved them onto each wrist, and almost instantly, his now sweat-drenched palms were encased in the thick armour of his suit’s gauntlets. Despite the protection they could over him, he cursed himself for not thinking to bring the whole suit with him. Oh well, he would have to make do with what he had.
They weren’t even five minutes into the drive before a heavy
The beeping from his holographic model drew him out of his thoughts, his gaze taking in the inverted Mobius strip. Not really expecting much in the way of results, he couldn’t stop the gasp at the flashing ‘model successful’ that had popped up. He fell back into his chair, the weight of what he’d discovered finally sinking in.
“Shh…I’ve got you, sweetheart. That man won’t come near you ever again. I dealt with him the same way I’ll deal with anyone who dares to hurt you.” He cooed the words gently, before straightening up. He’d spent the past few hours doing nothing but stare at the man, and he’d continue for hours longer if he didn’t have other business to attend to. The knock on the door only made him more aware of his other responsibilities. He didn’t have to turn around to know who had entered, having called for Bucky about five minutes ago to replace him.
Steve paced angrily around his dimly lit office as he tried to process the information that was coming to him. His hands shook in rage, and his chest puffed with each deep breath he took to try and calm down. It really shouldn’t have been as difficult as it was proving to be, but obviously, he hadn’t picked the right people for the job. Honestly, how hard was it to pick up a single individual, one that wasn’t even enhanced in any way?
“Mmmm, were you looking for it?”  He asked playfully, cocking his head. The sheepish look he got in response answered that question quickly enough.
“Shhhh! You can’t say that word. Your Papa will kill me if he knows you heard me say that.”
The boy paused again, this time his hand resting gently on the door handle. Since Tony’s initial offer for Peter to join the Avengers full time, they’d slowly begun to introduce more physical affection into the relationship. It wasn’t uncommon for them to hug, or for Tony to sling an arm over his shoulder whilst they sat together. Peter, however, still seemed somewhat reluctant to initiate these moments, even though he seemed to enjoy them well enough.
“You like rummaging around in the garage, huh? Well…so does your Daddy,” he murmured fondly as he pulled Peter into his arms tightly. The ridiculously small chair that he’d perched himself on creaked dangerously, forcing Tony up, onto his feet, his child still wrapped up protectively in his hold. “I guess we’re both a pair of trouble-makers then.”
“Dad! You’ll never guess what happened! You remember when we were in space, and then I went to dust? Well, I must have passed out because when I woke up, you weren't there, but then Doctor Strange was there and said you guys needed us. Then he did that yellow sparkly thingy and-”
“Mmm..and what were you thinking of?”
The door opened quickly, a dark silhouette appearing inside the room. “Hey, Punk, watch your tone.”
“Mmm, well your daddy is. Go to sleep Peter. I love you.” He stood up slowly, gently pushing Peter’s head back against his pillow.
He brought his gaze back to the man beside him, still not quite understanding his reluctance to help. Yes, there was the situation in Siberia where they’d tried to kill each other- and to be honest, Tony had come out of that a lot worse off than Steve did – but the whole letter and phone delivery afterwards had Tony thinking that there was some degree of forgiveness between them. Evidently, that wasn’t the case. His heart ached at the memory of the relationship the two had once shared, that had all come crashing down over the period of a couple of days. Since it was the first time he’d seen him in two years, the rush of feelings was almost dizzying and it was a concerted effort to push them down and try to focus on the tasks at hand.
He rubbed his hand over his face before throwing his arms out. “Shit!”
of time travel?”
“What?” He bit out, trying to out as much venom and irritation into his tone. He hoped he’d scare whoever it was enough to make this short.
“What the fuck is that?”
A sharp knock on the timber of the door jolted Steve out of his thoughts. He scowled angrily at the intrusion, too frustrated to deal with any more interaction tonight. It was way too late for him to have the patience needed for a conversation, particularly one with any relation to the failure that tonight’s mission was.
But here they were, with the cutest little five-year-old kid around. Peter had successfully stolen both of their hearts, and despite his acceptance of the ordeal five years ago, Tony did feel some degree of comfort that there would be absolutely no way for someone to take him away from them.
“You fell asleep on the way back from the compound. We’re back to your place now.”
“As long as we followed the rules of time travel, then we’d be able to go there and back, and everything would be OK.”
“Me too.”
Although he’d been a shy baby, Peter had really come into his own now. He was an absolute bundle of energy that never seemed to run out, and he was so smart – on par with what Tony was at his age. That was a danger at times, with his never-ending curiosity leading to several almost-catastrophic accidents. They’d gotten through it though, the three of them.
“We’ve been looking for Thanos ever since he, well…since we lost. We’ve been running facial recognition and surveillance, but nothing has come up.” Steve began to try and give the team direction, so they could try and decide how best to approach their situation. It was generally accepted that they needed to get the gauntlet and stones off Thanos, but the question of how they’d bring everyone back remained. It felt weird, being forced back into his old role, but he knew that they needed some prodding and support before they’d be able to do anything remotely helpful. “Tony, you fought with him, did he give you anything? Any kind of location or coordinates that may help?”
Steve stayed silent, thoughtful.
“Touché man, touché. You seem tense though, everything alright?”
That had the opposite effect, with Tony only tensing up further as he brought the needle closer. Making sure they still held each other’s gaze, Tony winced slightly as Steve gently pushed the needle into his soft skin, injecting its contents slowly. It was somewhat of a power play, reminding Tony of how little control he had over the situation, whilst also remaining calm and gentle with him.
“This is more practical, Soldier. I would have had to be much more precise with the needle in order…” The man drifted off as Bucky sent him a glare. He’d overstepped his place, but he didn’t have to be told that.
“Okay…but why me? I mean, given his reputation, surely someone a little more…female would be better for the job?”
“That’s amazing…and terrifying.”
Steve sighed at the distant expression that began to cloud over Tony’s face. He didn’t like him thinking back to that moment too much, blaming himself and reliving the loss of one of his best friends.
Sam just chuckled and shook his head. “You know you can always hitch a ride with me in the morning, right?”
Tony smiled fondly as he remembered that Bucky was such a large part of Steve’s past and his identity. It wasn’t fair to him that Tony ignored that and refused to let their son know about the man that had looked out for his Papa for so long.
He ran his eyes over her, taking in the appearance of natural red roots, which were way more
Sorry, this is unbeta'd so will come back to edit later, when it's not 2am and I'm not about to pass out.
Steve only nodded at Bucky’s words, too focused on the other man in the room. His mouth had dried out as his excitement grew. All he could think about was pulling Tony into his arms and never letting him go again. He’d make a mistake back in Siberia, not only hurting the man and breaking the trust between them, but also leaving him alone. He knew what solitude did to Tony, and as much as he hated to admit it, he knew it was his other relationships with the team he was building, namely the Parker kid, that had kept him going. He’d thrown himself into new projects to help them out, always making sure that he was needed by someone. This all came at the cost of neglecting himself, something that would need to be unlearnt.
“We weren’t sure enough that it would continue. It could have just happened when Stark was freed up enough. But it seems like he’s actually making time and clearing his schedule for this.”
“We’re sorry, guys. But hey, the table is set for six, so if you wanna stay, you’re more than welcome. We’re truly happy to see you. Just no talking shop.”
Steve could not help the large smile that had been etched onto his face for the past two hours. Looking before him, he almost couldn’t believe it. After four months of failed efforts, of long nights planning and the let-downs of his men, he finally had his Tony.
Peter looked down sheepishly, but the tension in his shoulders eased a little at the change of subject.
Tony tuned out a bit as Rhodey tried to explain the plan to Steve. Instead, he focused on the emotions running over his husband’s face. First, there was confusion, lots of it. The whole idea of time travel and quantum physics was a lot to wrap your head around, particularly when you didn’t have any background in either subject. This was quickly replaced by hope though. Hearing that Scott had been there, and made it out in one piece, was enough to kick-start that emotion. Tony’s heart yearned at that, knowing the danger that hope had given Steve in the past. Some part of Steve must have registered this too because the hope transitioned to resignation as soon as they laid out the flaws in the plan.
In the photo, Pepper smiled gently, looking up from the contract she was signing on her new desk. It was from the day he’d handed over the company, and they were just finalising the paperwork. It was one of his favourite photos, with the pride and determination showing on her face. It had just been them and Happy when he’d snapped the photo before they’d gone out to announce the move to the press. He reached over and plucked it out from its position, wiping it over with the towel.
“Late again, Mr Rogers?”
“Go to sleep, or I’ll sell all of your toys.”
“Hey, I’m sure you’ll be fine. Besides, it’s Friday, so you’ll have the weekend to cool off before you have to come back here. We still on for the game tonight?”
Peter smiled up at him, before turning back to the door, and making a slow exit, slinging his duffle bag over one shoulder. “I’ll see you next week!” He called out before slamming the door and running over to his building’s entrance.
Tony’s sentence was cut off by the sound his knees made against the hard floor as he fell down. Steve, along with Rhodey and Bruce, instinctively reached out for him. Tony was quick to shake off Steve’s touch and try to stand back up.
Peter let out another giggle, before giving him a faux stern look. He couldn’t hold the expression though before another naughty smile appeared on his face. “Was it juice pops?”
“Yeah, well since it’s my first time, my boss thought it’d be best that we stick with it. Don’t want me getting too confused and losing face. Besides, it’s not that bad of a name.”
Tony knew what he meant. They both knew how important it would be, if they had any chance at success, to offer their services. But the potential implications were cause for their hesitance.
As he made eye contact with a startlingly familiar set of brown eyes, Tony forgot to take note of the rest of his surroundings. He failed to realise that the two of them weren’t alone, missing the figure that cautiously snuck up behind him. He raised his hand for another hit, hoping to knock the man unconscious, but never had the chance to fire. All he saw was the slight spark in the man’s eyes before a heavy weight came down onto the back of his head. His limp body fell forwards but was caught before he could hit the ground.
A super fast update. But, I probably won't have another one for a little while because I have lots of study to do - study that I've been putting off to write fanfiction, so...
“And? This isn’t exactly an uncommon occurrence. I don’t doubt your intelligence enough to believe that you think this is of any kind of importance. Why are you bringing it up?” Steve’s barely-there patience was already running out. He’d dealt with enough stupidity tonight alone, to last him the rest of his life.
Peter just smiled up at him. Tony’s eyes caught the small drops of the melted treat staining the corner of his mouth. He pulled his sleeve over his thumb and reached out to wipe it off. Peter pushed his hand away at the motion, but there wasn’t much effort behind it.
He turned his attention back to the pasta in front of him, smiling slightly. Seeing Steve so domesticated had been weird, at first, but now it just felt right. He’d disclosed to Tony, shortly after they’d adopted Peter, that he’d secretly been wanting this life for a long while now. He had wanted kids so bad, wanted to settle and slow things down. It kind of harked back to the life he had planned for himself in the 40’s, and Tony was immensely happy that he could give him anything close to what he wanted.
Steve searched his face, understanding the hidden meaning behind the question. He’d briefly thought that maybe Tony had felt this way, knowing his insecurities and need for assurance. This was, in part, due to his upbringing and subsequent ordeal culminating in his creation of Iron Man, but Steve knew that he played a role too. After all, he did abandon him in Siberia, left him all alone, after hiding the fact that he knew his parents had been murdered, and he did – although it was mutual – try to physically hurt him at the airport.
“Now get back out there, you have an organisation to run. Tony will be safe, and I’ll make sure you get back here before he wakes up.”
This moment coming up would be critical to Tony’s development here, and Steve wasn’t about to let anyone else be the first face he sees. This would be when they re-established their bond and would also be Tony’s first glimpse into his new life here. Steve hoped that he could be a reassuring presence, despite their recent history. There had definitely been a time when Tony had taken comfort in him, so Steve was sure that eventually, he’d be able to do so once more. His heart yearned for that to be the case, but his mind was busy reminding him that it was going to take a lot of hard work to make Tony understand what he was doing.
Tony couldn’t help his eye roll. “Are you telling me that your plan is based on ‘Back to the Future’?”
“Hey, hey. Shhhh. You’ve got to stop moving or you’re going to hurt yourself.”
Tony’s eyes were watering now, but he looked like he was reigning himself in.
“I know it’s hard, the loss of everything. But we can move on, start a new life…together.”
“I am Iron Man!”
“Steve, c’mon. Get me out of this fucking chair.”
A quick shuffling at his side had Tony’s neck snapping to his right, purely on reflex. He regretted instantly though, with a sharp singe of pain erupting from the spot at the base of his neck. He couldn’t stop the whine that left him at the reaction his body had to the movement.
“Tony, I promise you, HYDRA aren’t the bad guys anymore. Schmidt’s gone, so are Zola and Pierce. They’re all gone. HYDRA has been rebuilt, and we’re making the world a better place.”
Steve chose that moment to come and join them, frowning a little at the scene before him. His eyes were lingering on Scott, which was understandable since he was believed to have died along with everyone else after Thanos.
It had been just over two hours since they’d brought Tony back when Rhodey thought they should inform him of what had been going on. It seemed obvious that Tony was aware that something had happened, but the extent to which would be hard to imagine even for a genius.
“You know, just an impromptu meeting with the boss coming up, that may or may not end up with me being fired and having to find a whole new job, again.”
He slowed his pace as he spotted the steel door that was now the only thing standing between him and Tony. They’d been keeping him in one of the interrogation rooms, but only until Steve felt confident moving him into his own quarters. He didn’t want to overwhelm him straight away, instead allowing him to adapt a bit more to his surroundings. Steve knew Tony well enough to be able to predict quite a violent reaction to his situation, and he wanted to make sure he wasn’t going to hurt himself. Therefore, it had been decided that they’d keep him there, under constant supervision.
“Where ’re we?” Peter slowly sat up and blinked a few times, before bringing his hands up and rubbing the heels of them into his eyes.
Steve knew exactly what he was implying. “Why wasn’t I informed as soon as we realised this was happening, that we could know exactly where he was going to be at an exact time?”
Placing his thumb on the scanner next to the door, Steve had to pause for a moment before he could push the door open slowly. He almost growled as he took in the form of Bucky blocking his view of Tony. He was sure it wasn’t intentional, but it only amplified his frustration from having been away from him this long. Yes, it had only been about six hours since he’d left him alone with Bucky, but after over two years since their last interaction, one that ended in a way that made him hate himself, Steve didn’t want to have to wait a moment longer. He felt he deserved this after all the hard work he’d put into bringing Tony back.
Peter giggled softly, causing Tony’s heart to swell. “No, Daddy. Look, it’s Black Widow!”
“Tony, I think this is a conversation for another time…you need to sit back down.” Tony rolled his shoulders back angrily at being told what to do. “Were there any clues at all that you could give us? Anything to help?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You just can’t see it yet. But that’s alright, I’m going to help you.”
“Shit!” A little voice giggled out from behind him.
than the blonde would ever be. She looked tired though, with bags under her eyes and her face slightly gaunt. Not the same put-together Natasha from five years ago, that’s for sure.
Steve mulled the question over in his mind. Yes, he was aware that Tony would likely be violent when he finally came to, but he was currently tied to a chair and locked in a room that could only be opened with an approved thumbprint – it went without saying that Tony’s print had not been approved. Steve figured that Bucky was putting himself out there more for emotional support, rather than physical backup. This was going to be the first time Tony had seen him in years, and it would be as the head of an organisation the man had been dedicated to destroying, and as the one who had just kidnapped him after four months of repeated attacks. It was obvious that it wasn’t going to be the smooth reunion that Steve had originally hoped for, and would no doubt hurt when he had to break it to Tony what exactly was going on. Deep down, he’d probably appreciate someone being there to provide some moral support.
He brought his mind back to the present, and to the plan that he’d been proposed. It was crazy, really. The idea that they could travel through time, that they could go back and collect the stones before Thanos could get his hands on them. Something straight out of a fantasy novel.
They returned from space dejected and hopeless, their only chance at undoing the snap unsuccessful. Steve remembers the journey there, the anticipation and hope that maybe, just maybe they might be able to pull this off. The tip-off from Nebula had been more than helpful in tracking him down – but they were too late. The stones were gone and with them any prospect of bringing everyone back. He tried to take comfort in the fact that Thanos was dead now. That even though they’d ultimately failed, there was at least one aspect where they’d succeeded. It didn’t help much.
“Maybe he just realised that he didn’t want to make weapons anymore.”
“-Hey, Pete. It’s all good. Just took me by surprise a little there.” To prove a point, Tony pulled him back in for another embrace, smiling softly as Peter was quick to return it. This one wasn’t much longer, but that had more to do with the car that zoomed past where they were stopped than it did with anything else.
He quickly moved on, wanting to leave that memory as far behind as possible, and began taking in more of Steve’s appearance. He was no longer wearing his traditional red, white and blue suit that they’d designed together, a sleek black one taking its place. He traced his eyes over it, appreciating the fit – in strictly a professional manner, from one designer to another – before his eyes found the red accents along the front of it. At first, he thought that was weird, considering this appeared to be a stealth suit.
Tony sat at the dinner table that night, trying to forget about the events of the day. As nice as it had been to see the team again, he hated the doubt that they’d left him with. He was happy, truly happy here with Steve and Peter. They were away from all the chaos that plagued the cities, they’d been able to bond and were slowly moving on from Thanos. But now, a tiny part of his mind was questioning whether his happiness outweighed, potentially, that of literally the rest of the world – universe even. He’d been selfish, so selfish, throughout his whole life and now he had the chance to take a leap and help the team out. At this stage, that part of his mind was quiet enough to ignore, and Tony really wanted to keep it that way.
“You don’t wanna hear what it entails first? This isn’t a simple cut and dry article to be written. We don’t really know where it’s going to lead. That’s why the research aspect is so important.” Steve was simply nodding along with everything he was hearing. “Look, you know who Tony Stark is, right?”
Without so much as a word of agreement, Steve heard the door to the room creak open, only to fall shut moments later. Finally, alone with Tony once more, Steve felt a small smile tugging on his lips. It would all be worth it in the end.
“Tony, please if we have shot at bringing him back, we gotta try.”
On the other side of the door stood a sharp-looking female agent, her gaze carefully lowered as she held out what he’d called her up for. Steve silently thanked the agent for her demeanour, not knowing if he would have been able to deal with any further insolence that day. Wordlessly he grabbed the syringe out of her hands and turned back into the room. He faintly heard her measured footsteps disappearing down the hall as the door fell shut. He made a mental note to find out who the agent was, to keep an eye on her and check her potential.
"We're here," the driver said quietly. To Peter's surprise, he could clearly see Aunt May's house outside of the taxi window.
“There.” Loki leaned away from him, looking a little sick himself. He held a hand out to Thor.
"Right. You'll just start bleeding again."
"I'll keep an eye out. You keep Tony alive." He went back out the basement door, closing it behind him as quickly as he could. They were sure to follow, but maybe he had enough time to teleport. He mumbled the spell as fast as he could, slurring through the ancient words like he had been drinking.
“Stop calling him yours! He’s a kid!” Clint gestured to Peter, completely ignoring his comment. “He’s practically Cap and Stark’s kid! You really wanna piss them off?”
"I hope he eats something. He's looking sort of...thin lately." The soldier managed between coughs. "And those eye bags..." He added thoughtfully.
Just then, he heard talking down the hallway.
At any rate, he was totally preoccupied with this. Tony, meanwhile, had decided to "wake up" now that he and Cap weren't alone anymore. The whole awkward marriage conversation could be saved for another day, right? Right.
"Blue. Blue." He unscrewed the blue wires even faster than the green but still managed not to rip any out. Twisting the last one free, he looked up to Tony's face to make sure he was all right. "D-did it work?"
“I was jumping over a hedge. It was cut in an elephant shape or something.” Jumping back, he balled his fists. “You seriously thought that Hulk and I were sleeping together? Are you CRAZY? Pfft!”
“You’re right, Peter. This is pretty amazing.” The red headed man sighed and ‘glanced’ at Cap. Then he smiled again, only this time it felt sincere. “I guess it can wait a day or two. I imagine you guys didn’t all come charging out here without making sure that the city was taken care of.”
Feeling guilty as their argument over breakfast came back to him, Clint just sighed. Camping sucked.
"Hey, you might have turned blue." The archer smirked.
"That's not good," Clint said.
“No, no, he’ll be fine!” Peter told them, dashing out alongside Cap. He patted Wade’s shoulder, explaining, “He’s got a healing factor. Take the arrow out and he’ll heal right up.”
"My BAAAACK!" He writhed, clutching at his side and back. "Wolvie, why?"
“Then why don’t you want to be seen together? Is he from a rival school? Are your teachers giving you trouble about it? I’ll talk to them.” Cap said sternly, then his eyes widened—but he kept whatever thought had caused that to himself.
Wade joined his friends, plunking down on the ground by the fire and holding an old book out near the flames, peeling the wet pages apart.
"Um, no. I'm on m-my way outside. Tony's...um. Busy." Cap peeked into the medical room, trying to catch his breath. It felt impossible. "Are you alright? Your e-eyes are looking a bit...green."
Or was that the day before?
“Not sure I believe that,” Tony said dryly, climbing out of the kayak while Cap still had a steady hold on it. “But hey, all’s well that ends well, right Cap?” He shot the big blond man a smile. “We’ll just grab a different kayak and get back out there and finish setting the flags.”
Wade bounded after him, racing ahead into the dark cave.
The Hulk crossed his arms over his chest and scowled.
Hawkeye stared at the card, his eyes narrowing as he scowled.
"You're right about Hulk, he's not a monster," he said, looking into Clint's eyes thoughtfully. "But he does tend to come out swinging when I change into him. It's just instinct by now--you have no idea how many times he's awakened to people shooting at him." He looked down at their hands, running his thumb over the back of Clint's gently. "I'm not actually that interesting, but if you want to get to know me better...well, I'm here all week."
Damn this vacation.
"So, this isn't doin' it for ya?" The tall man asked hesitantly.
"You must stay up all night a lot," Peter said, sighing. "I'm beat, though. Sorry, I've got to pass on the ice-cream and go home and collapse."
“Hulk makes a great sleeping bag. When he sleeps on his face, I fit on his back. It’s cozier than it sounds,” Clint said, playing with the handle of the first aid kit.
One thumbs-up sign later, Tony was across the room mixing some sort of concoction at the mini bar. The captain followed after him slowly. When the resident billionaire stepped back over, he offered Steve a big glass of scotch.
“Can you put me on your shoulder? We were swimming earlier, and there was a sunken ship. I’ll bet that’s where the sharks are.”
Tony crossed his arms and watched Bruce go, looking thoughtful.
“Sounds nice,” Tony said absently, going through the motions of prepping the coffee pot without even really looking at it. Realizing they were alone again, he hopped up and moved over to slip an arm around Steve’s waist, smiling up at him. “You know, maybe after we butter Clint up with some coffee, it’d be a good time to sit him down and…you know.” Their goal this weekend WAS to announce their engagement to the team gradually, one person at a time, after all.
"Meatballs?" Why did that come out sounding so embarrassed? It was just a sandwich run! A sandwich run and a walk in the rain with Clint, alone and not quite positive they both had the same meaning down for “sandwich.” "A-are they even still open?" Bruce hastily turned his attention to the shop's front window signs, swallowing hard.
"WOW, so the one guy who actually has a low-tech hobby doesn't get to do it on vacation? Have a heart, Clint--fishing was probably his entire plan and now he doesn't know what to do with himself."
"Yeah. I never come around here because you know...that'd be awkward." The man rubbed his head for a second before laying a wet arm around Pepper's shoulders. He led her back toward the mansion.
Peter tried covertly glancing at Wade to see if he was still spying on them. It was almost certain that he was, so Peter made sure to turn his back in case lip reading was something the guy knew. Couldn't be too careful.
Studying the blond hero's face, Peter quickly decided that faking his own trouble would just add to Cap's stress load. Instead he reached over and patted the blond man's back sympathetically.
The archer didn’t reply loudly enough for Tony to hear what he was saying, instead picking up his pace and pushing ahead to walk with Bruce. The scientist looked far more comfortable hiking through the woods than he usually did in the city. Tony had gotten the idea to camp here from Bruce, who liked to go fishing in the nearby lake on his days off.
"If it's not, it's a REALLY good copy," Tony said dubiously, heading for Bruce's room. "We should be careful, he could be a Skrull and have all of Hawkeye's memories."
For a moment, the blond seemed completely lost in thought, then he shook his head again.
"Just checking on T-Tony."
The sky grumbled with thunder suddenly overhead. Just great.
"Then I have to wonder at your intent in telling me that you do not like to be hugged." Thor looked confused, and possibly a bit bothered by all of this. "I intend nothing but platonic fondness when I embrace you, friend. If you harbor secret feelings of affection for me, though, you must tell me. I promise I will not pass any judgments upon you."
“Why even ask?” Peter sighed. “You guys obviously recognize him.” Oh, boy, were they really gonna have the exact conversation he’d been putting off in the amount of time it took Wade to run up the hill and back down again?
Oh great. Bruce had found him. Clint sank back down behind the balcony railing and groaned, slapping a hand over his face.
Swimming after him and easily matching his pace, he could see Cap frowning at him in the dim light reflected off the water.
"I'm not sure donuts count nutrition-wise, but I do need to eat something," he admitted, feeling awkward. Clint seemed pretty chipper today, and that was really odd. Usually he was kind of smug and sarcastic.
“If you don’t want to fight, then don’t. Just let me say what I have to say.”
“Wait, you’re thousands of years old and you’re reading that for the first time?” Peter made it sound like reading Jane Austen’s books was inevitable if one had that much time. Clint was really learning some weird stuff about the kid today.
"Hurt? Where?" Clint asked, looking him over. "Oh. You mean..." He nodded slowly, catching on to what Bruce meant. "Did I hurt you?" Blue eyes met Bruce’s brown ones as Hawkeye’s voice dropped to a mumble. “I didn't mean to hurt you, Bruce."
With a very worried frown, Cap nodded and left, probably to find Tony. Now that he had a moment, Clint was beginning to wonder about all those things Spidey had said about his two fearless leaders.
Peter would have grumbled about having to carry Deadpool around, but frankly the sooner they slung their way to this rumored place with "STEAK" printed on it, the sooner Wade would be shipping himself off on a self-imposed trip to Detroit.
“What a scary story!” Lola said, hugging herself as she leaned her head over to rest on Thor’s shoulder. “It shows you never really know who your friends are.”
"Hope...Pepper's okay." Tony was thinking aloud, hanging off of Cap's arm.
Shrugging off his blanket, Bruce stood up, turning to Thor.
“Start a fight? Come now, Captain. I’m here to camp, same as you,” Loki explained, embellishing the explanation with grand arm gestures. “You’re not the only ones allowed at this lake—”
"I can explain," Peter said, holding up his hands. "It's not how it sounds!"
"Aye!" Thor sounded quite a bit like thunder right next to his ear like that. He seemed completely unbothered by the stormy weather—maybe even a little exhilarated by it as they sped off over the cityscape.
“It’s a latte,” she told him.
“Pancakes?” Bruce mumbled beside him, sounding just as bemused.
“I heard a bit of your conversation. You said you were trying to cheer someone up? Is that big blond friend of yours having a bad day?”
"Aye!" There was the sound of Mjolnir whirring through the air.
Clint patted Bruce's shoulder, snickering to himself.
“Sure, okay. I’m sure the Avengers can handle a lake monster if they really have to, but some heads up would be nice…” Shoving his phone and the bag of trail mix away, Peter unzipped his hoodie and clicked his belt buckle. A big round red Spider-Man face lit up the cave in front of them, beaming out from the belt. Did he bring the entire gadget collection with him or what?
Waving Peter around in the air like he was a doll was a big tall guy, dressed in Spider-Man print swimming trunks and a white tank top. He was grinning as he dangled Spidey, talking quickly.
Blinking sleepily, Clint couldn’t help a yawn.
"Not alone!"
“Wade’s been obsessed with Peter since they met and Peter tolerates way more of Deadpool’s nonsense than I ever could.” The redhead frowned off to the side. “If I was Peter, I’d keep dating Wade a secret too. Especially with parental figures like YOU two around.”
Who was he kidding? Bruce had just gotten through explaining that he couldn’t kiss people. Glancing at the scientist, Clint fidgeted. Since they were on the topic anyway…
“I hate lying to them, though. I don’t know, maybe it’d be better if we just told them how it is,” he said, turning to wrap Wade in a hug. “C’mon, it’s not Matt’s fault we bumbled into the Avengers’ campsite.”
Slipping his mask off with one hand, Matt flashed Peter a very handsome smile. Daredevil did indeed have red hair, as well as pale blue eyes. Before Tony could make out any more detail, Matt was walking into the cabin with the others.
Deadpool loosened their hug, staring down at Peter. Why did that perfume have a familiar scent to it?
"So, I am not the only sorcerer here. What did you use? Mind control? A potion, perhaps? Or was it just...pity?" Loki grinned.
"By Odin!" The thunder god pointed at the screen dramatically. "I see Hawkeye there as well! When did this occur? The sun is no longer in the sky," Thor noted, peeking out the dark window to be sure. In the footage of the scene of the fire, it was most definitely light out. "Why have they not returned by now?"
Clint was the first out of the car, grumbling all the way.
“Yeah… I’m more worried about what he’s planning to do with those people in his camp,” he said wearily, sitting down on his sleeping bag. Grabbing the corner of his camp blanket, he started to dry his hair off with it (and make it even more of a curly disaster in the process.) “Calling them ‘witnesses’ and ‘collateral’ like you guys described, that sounds like he won’t hurt them unless we try to stop whatever he’s up to. He can’t be up to anything good if he thinks we’ll try to stop it, though.”
Tony stuck a hand out to Lola with a winning smile.
Ugh, Clint thought, absently sipping his empty cup of coffee. He stared inside and frowned.
As he bolted off in the direction of the beach, Clint lunged after him and caught the back of Wade’s shirt.
Maybe they were huddling for warmth and having a nice long chat since they had time to kill.
"Cap, I think you have a fever..."
Bruce frowned and crossed his arms.
“PETER!” A loud voice shrieked, right before the owner slammed into the three of them. Tony stumbled as Cap did, and out of the corner of his eye, he saw Peter being lifted off the ground in a pair of muscular arms. Steve caught Tony and stood him on his feet, turning to face whoever it was like he was expecting a fight.
Thor? What was THOR doing here? Peter was about to tell Wade to retreat back up the hill when he looked down and noticed that the arrow’s fletching was purple. There was only one guy he’d ever met who used purple arrows, but he was too good of a shot to miss this bad…
But it wasn't. Deadpool held him firmly, moving his hands to Peter's lower back.
A whisper through the crowd caught Loki’s attention and he looked up in time to see his brother gliding down to land on the front steps of the mansion. Thor slipped his helmet off and greeted a couple of the reporters at the gate, smiling widely.
They wobbled on the surface. Grabbing the edge of the kayak, Tony quickly glanced over, watching the shape glide around in a big circle and start back their way. A shark—it actually was a shark. This place really was a tropical cliche...
Bruce sat back a little and carefully moved the gauze away from Loki's wound, looking underneath.
That look of shock was like a sign telling Tony he'd won the argument. He smirked a bit more.
Captain America was surprised that Doctor Doom barely knew anything about Loki. With both being villains, Cap had assumed that Doom had worked with Loki at some point.
“Oh yeah—totally!” Wade grinned, jerking the arrow out of his chest. Blood gushed out for only a moment before the wound healed shut.
“I’m not sure we should move in right away, Steve.” Bucky quickly held up his hand before Steve could interject. “He only started coming on the trips after we went after him on his trip to California, and then after our attempt at the charity gala, he started bringing those gauntlets. I don’t know what extra measures he’s going to start taking after tonight. I mean, it’s pretty obvious that this is personal now. And those men we lost tonight were wearing uniforms. He’ll see the symbol, he’ll know HYDRA is back up and running. I’m just thinking that we need to take a break for a while. Let him settle back in, and then once he lets his guard down and starts making mistakes again, we’ll be able to grab him.”
The only sound coming from the room was the incessant ticking of the large grandfather clock in the corner. It seemed to blend in with the rest of the out-of-date furniture that had been crammed into the small office. Being the head of the newspaper, Steve had probably expected something a little more extravagant than a cosy corner office, but then again, it was a 22nd-floor room, with a magnificent view over the city. His boss just seemed to have given up the luxury of space in exchange.
“Do you need me here until he wakes up?”
Steve turned away from his boss’s prying eyes, only to realise that almost every other worker in the room was blatantly staring at him. The guy two desks over sniggered at him, but most others seemed to have the decency not to take joy in his discomfort. Yeah, getting abruptly called into the boss’s office for anything remotely
Speaking of the man, Steve’s attention was drawn to the figure who was leaning back in his chair, with his arms crossed over his chest. His expression never changed from the unamused frown that was probably the reason for the deepening lines in his forehead. The man couldn’t have been that old, but his already receding hairline and lined face were attempting to convince him otherwise.
“-Daddy saved you?” Peter asked in his childlike wonder.
He couldn’t ignore the ache in his chest that the photo ignited, nor the sudden inspiration he felt.
“Hey, I thought you were Iron Man? Can’t go changing on me now, kid.”
“Stark has become increasingly suspicious of pretty young women who ask too many questions. We’re trying a different approach with you. Starting Monday, you’ll be going undercover as one of his security details. Given your history, I’m sure the physical aspect of this won’t be a problem.” Steve grimaced at the mention of his time in the army. “We’ve already sent off your forms and had them approved.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve come out of his trance, his eyes widening a little at the sudden shout. His eyes drifted over to the two of them, his expression softening fondly at the scene.
Tony sighed, knowing where this was going. “Part of me wants to lock it in a chest and throw it to the bottom of the lake. To just go to bed and move on.”
Tony quietly crept back down the stairs after his shower. It was still only early evening, but he didn’t want to risk waking Peter up after he’d finally gotten to sleep. He didn’t think Steve would be too happy about that if it happened either.
“Oh, Tony. That wasn’t a suggestion.”
“Alright, well I guess I’ll see you next week then. We need to work on the new shooters for your suit. Ones that won’t snap in half when you bang them on a door frame.”
“Okay, well next Sunday we’ll move in. That’s only two days away. Once he’s dropped the kid off, and there’s only two of him. This might just be our best chance yet...” Steve trailed off as suspicion crept into his mind. “Why were you so hesitant in telling me this?
“-Uh yes, I know it was way out of my job description to be writing like that. I promise that it’s being rewritten, and it’s almost done. I know the deadline is in like 2 hours, but really, I’m just putting the finishing touches on it.”
“I would have made a grave mistake hiring you if you were going to turn down the biggest opportunity of your career. Take the rest of the day off. We’ll publish what you wrote here, not whatever you’ve tried to replace it with.”
Tony knew that Nat was desperate. He knew that she felt immense guilt over everyone having lost someone close, yet she had managed to keep those near to her. There was the whole Barton issue, yes, but in terms of Thanos and everything, she’d come out alright. Really, that’s what drove her today. And so, here comes Scott who had apparently just spent 5 years (but actually like 5 hours?) in a
“You destroyed everything that we had,” Tony spat at him. “It’s gone, all of it. So if you want to go on this little mission of yours, then fine. But I’m not helping you. You take this-” Tony ripped the arc reactor of his chest before shoving it into Steve’s hands. “-and you hide. But I’m done here-”
Instead, they’d looked at adoption. It hadn’t been all that hard in the end. Millions of children had lost their only relatives in the snap, left with no one to care for them. Peter’s story hadn’t been exactly like that, with his parents dying after a suddenly pilot-less airplane had crashed into a field somewhere over Virginia. Tony knew that Steve had been reluctant to adopt a kid whose parents had been dusted, for lack of a better word, at the risk of them coming back. Despite all his talk about moving on, and forging a new world, he was awfully caught up in the old some days. Tony didn’t have that problem, acknowledging that five years after the whole Thanos and no sign of change meant that everything was pretty permanent.
“Steve, I’m not gonna let anything happen to him. I’ll look after him.”
“Do you love him…Bucky?”
Slowly, heavy lids opened to reveal Peter’s soft brown eyes. He turned his head towards Tony, looking up from under his curls, his nose scrunched up in confusion. “M’s’er St’rk?”
“Tony! You need to rest.”
“Wow…that’s awesome!” Tony probably should have been concerned by the fact that his son found a story about someone falling to their death ‘awesome’, but Peter loved a good hero story. “Can you tell me another story about Bucky, please Daddy?” He begged.
A little sigh of contentment slipped past his lips as he reached out a hand to touch Tony’s cheek. The man must have shaven recently because his jawline was smooth as Steve ran his fingers lightly across it. Tony must have been getting closer to awareness since the touch caused a small shiver to wrack his body. The movement only made Steve happier, seeing the kind of reaction that he had to his touch. It made him feel good knowing that no one else would be able to touch him so intimately anymore. The gauntness in Tony’s cheeks made Steve frown and take a mental note of his incapability to look after himself. Steve would do everything in his power to make sure that Tony was staying healthy under his care. No more sleepless nights and skipping meals, Steve would nurse him back into a healthy lifestyle.
But that was behind him. Now, he had his Tony, safe and under his watchful gaze where he’d make sure that nothing else could hurt him. Well, that wasn’t entirely true, since the tightness of the ropes securing him to the chair he was on, was severe enough to already be causing bruising. Steve hated the thought of causing Tony any greater discomfort, but he knew that in the short-term such measures were a necessity. A little bit of pain to prevent Tony from seriously hurting himself was enough to justify this decision to Steve.
Steve knew there was a large degree of truth to his friend’s words, as much as he’d like to argue otherwise. Despite their intimacy before the whole Accords issue, they’d certainly lost the trust between them. Steve knew that it would take time and effort to rebuild it, but he was willing to sacrifice almost anything to make it possible. “We’ll let him wake up first, tell him what’s going on.
He reached over to flick off the lamp, not taking his eyes off Peter. He paused in the doorway, almost needing to pinch himself to remember that this was real, that he really was this lucky.
“Steve, oh, thank god, I’ve never been so relieved to see your annoyingly perfect face. You’ve gotta get me out of here.”
Tony took pity on his son, who seemed to be growing more and more upset as he continued to struggle to pick up the pasta. “Hey, Pete, let me.”
“And I…am Iron Man.”
you. As in past tense. That trumps what you need now. It’s too late. I said we’d lose, and you said we’d do that together. Well, guess what, we lost. And I was alone. You weren’t there.” Tony had gotten up during his speech, much to the frustration of almost everyone in the room. The gown that he’d changed into only made the weight loss look even worse, his sharp bones obvious under the thin material. His eyes were glassy as he continued to glare at Steve.
“Peter…”
“You write a lot more eloquently then you speak, that’s for sure.” Steve let out a forced laugh. “Look, I’m in need of an unknown face to do an investigative piece for me. And I’m not just talking a week-long project here either. This thing’s gonna take time and dedication and judging by the work you submitted earlier this week, I thought you might be the guy for it, if you are interested of course.”
Steve really thought he’d lost Tony, for real. No word from the man after disappearing into space with Pepper, chasing after Thanos; it looked like he was well and truly done for. But then, Carol had shown up, with powers and abilities well beyond anything he’d seen on earth, and she’d given him hope. Hope that they could get him back, or at least to find out where he’d ended up. There was still no guarantee at that point that he’d survived his trip to space, let alone been in the 50 per cent that remained after Thanos.
“You’re insane.”
that’s crazy...”
Steve nodded at those words and made his way over to the door slowly. With one hand on the knob, he snuck a look back over the shoulder, powerless to stop the smile that found itself pulling his lips up once more.
Steve didn’t quite know if he was hearing the man correctly, since he’d been practically forced to change everything about what he’d written. “I…well…”
He didn’t acknowledge them much as he made his way back towards the house. He noticed that they seemed rather unphased by Peter, but he figured that probably had more to do with Rhodey filling them in, than them doing their own research. He made his way up the steps of the porch, before finally making eye-contact with Natasha. He gave her a small nod, an invitation, before turning back around.
“Hey, Tony. Relax.”
The hand was followed by a familiar red and gold helmet, then the rest of his son’s small body. Though Iron-Man had been decommissioned years ago, he still tinkered and messed around in his make-do workshop. Pride swelled within him as he took in the familiar pose of his son – not his by birth though, no, that ship had long since sailed. Mainly, there the whole issue of having two men and trying to decide whose genes to keep (and hadn’t that been a conversation, trying to weigh the risk of pre-serum Steve and his ailments, the fear of having a super-soldier kid, and the dread of the kid maybe, somehow, inheriting his addictive tendencies, including the alcoholism).
the stone by Strange, before proceeding to murder almost everyone else that was with me. Not exactly a fight, huh? Even with Pepper and the rest of them, we hardly managed a scratch on him.”
“I’m fine. Just let me-”
The situation wasn’t ideal, they’d had explicit instructions for Tony to remain unharmed, but they’d gotten him. Bucky just hoped that this would finally get Steve back on track.
“I know this is a lot to process, but please just stop fighting this. You trusted me once Tony, I need you to do so again. You just have to learn to see things my way, and then you’ll understand. You’ll be able to see that things are better this way.”
“Time travel.”
Steve lowered his book and widened his eyes at Tony’s admission.
“We need you, Tony.”
Even their wedding hadn’t involved many people. They’d extended the invitation, of course, to Nat, Bruce, Thor, and to Clint’s farmhouse. They’d all not shown up, Nat at a UN convention, Bruce still in his gamma lab, and Thor not being able to bring himself to leave his new settlement in Norway. They hadn’t taken it personally, of course. If anything, it made the whole affair less awkward, and now they were both able to look back on it with nothing but fond memories. Rhodey had been there, and Happy too. Peter, with all of his two years, had been in attendance, but no one else. The registrar had wed them by the lake, and there was really no need for the honeymoon with how they lived.
“They’ve been taken care of, and those in charge have been disposed of.”
“Yeah, except you’re nowhere near where I am, and you’d have to go in the opposite direction to pick me up. Thanks for the offer, but I’ll keep, how’d you put it, slumming it on the subway.”
“It’s alright, Tony. Just relax for me.”
“You trust me?”
Tony was silent at his words, a thoughtful look coming over his face. The hurt was still clear in his eyes, but Steve knew that it would take more than a few words to erase that.
“I lost her, I lost Pepper...”
Steve stood up at that, finally moving out of his squatted position. Though it didn’t happen often, he could feel his muscles cramping from an extending time in the crouch. As happy as he was to have Tony back with him, the whole situation was physically and mentally draining him. He could feel all of his patience slipping away, and he felt moments away from snapping. That wasn’t something that he wanted Tony to see. He’d probably only hurt him and make him resent him only further. At this point, anyway, they were probably only going to go in circles with Steve trying to convince Tony and Tony blatantly refusing to see reason. He turned his back on the man and tapped a few buttons on the band that wrapped around his wrist.
Yes, there had been the whole incident regarding the Accords and everything that followed, but not a day had gone by where his heart had not yearned for the man.
Tony grinned at him and placed a kiss on his forehead before moving back into his seat. He looked back over at Steve who was just smiling at the two of them.
As if on cue, two firm knocks echoed off the thick steel door. Without looking back at Tony, though he sensed the flinch he gave at the sound, Steve strode over to the room’s only entrance, making a show of placing his thumb against the pad, before a green light signalled the door was unlocked. He hadn’t thought to allow anyone access to the room other than himself and Bucky at this stage, hence the knocking and the same went for his private rooms as well.
He reached over to grab the fork from Peter, as well as the knife and spoon that were tucked under his own bowl. Peter snatched his hand back though, causing more sauce to go flying, this time landing across the table. “No!”
“They didn’t ‘get to me’. The HYDRA you knew
Sighing in frustration as the computer whirred its way through a painfully slow start-up procedure. He instinctively reached his hand out, grabbing for a cup of coffee that he was confused to find wasn’t there. Right, he’d not had time to get one after the whole subway situation this morning. He knew there would be no way that he’d make it through the next two hours without one though. Sighing again, Steve grabbed his coat and stood up from his desk. He made a conscious effort not to acknowledge the stares that he had attracted once again, instead, heading out of the office and towards the ground floor café.
Tony poured out four glasses of the smoothie he’d set out earlier in the day. Natasha hadn’t come alone, with Rhodey and Scott Lang in tow. He wasn’t quite sure whether he should ignore the spark of happiness he felt at having some of the team together again. It was somewhat lonely living the reclusive life he did now. The only people he had real conversations with were Steve, Rhodey, Peter and Happy.
Once he’d gotten over his original excitement of seeing the man being brought in, Steve had felt an uncontrollable rage at the sight of blood staining Tony’s hair and the back of his shirt. The thought of anyone else inflicting pain onto what was his had him demanding the head of the one responsible. Once the man had finally stepped forward, Steve had made sure to follow through with his word. Despite the man’s protests about proximity and convenience, Steve had simply asked him how close he had to get before he could blow the man’s brains out. Turns out, it wasn’t very close.
As a result, he’d secretly set up cameras and alarm systems to monitor any and all activity, and to alert him of any suspicious behaviour. That’s not to mention the trackers he’d secretly installed in both of their devices, and the heightened surveillance of Peter’s activity in his suit. It had taken him a while to find a way to code it into the suit, hidden in an attempt to avoid a repeat of the situation in DC.
“-more than once, might I add. So, why the hell are you parading around in one of their-”
Scott hesitated. “No…”
Then, Steve remembered that Bucky had been up all night for the assignment and had then spent the past six hours keeping a watch on Tony. That’s not to mention the long days leading up to Tony’s kidnapping. Bucky had to be half-way to insanity with the lack of sleep he’d been getting, and Steve knew it was on him to make sure that he was getting the rest he needed. After all, Bucky had spent so long trying to make Steve happy, beyond just the past few months attempting to get Tony, and Steve was going to have to start returning the favour.
“And I
Peter gave him the cutest smile, half of his face hidden by his blanket.
“Good, everyone needs to know that I won’t be accepting anymore failure. Tonight was a mess. Anyway, since that’s everything taken care of, I guess I’ll see you tomorrow.”
His boss only grunted from his position outside of his office. Both of them knew that this definitely would happen again, but Steve liked to think that his work here was valued enough that being late every now and then wouldn’t jeopardise his position. The look his boss was giving him indicated that that was simply wishful thinking, and any journalist for a B grade newspaper was entirely replaceable.
“That’s not gonna happen, Buck. But we will step it up this time. I’m putting you in charge of bringing him in. No one else needs to get hurt, but you were right. He’ll know about HYDRA, and knowing Tony, it won’t be long before he runs his mouth. The risk of waiting is too high.”
“Oh…Sorry about that Mister Stark.” Clearly, the embarrassment had woken him up fully, and he was now awkwardly straightening out his shirt, one with an awful maths pun on it, and looking anywhere but at Tony.
Steve ground his teeth as Bucky spoke. Yes, he knew all about Peter Parker after he’d noticed Tony spending an unusual amount of time with the orphan boy. It didn’t take him long to connect the dots and realise that the sixteen-year-old was an enhanced individual, the one who paraded around as the web-slinging vigilante that he’d met in Berlin. The close relationship between the two had been one of the first indicators of Tony’s plan to build a new team. He tried to ignore the flare-up of jealousy he felt at the thought of Tony developing a close relationship with anyone but him. The feeling wasn’t new, and he’d barely been able to contain his joy when Tony’s paranoia about someone being after him had created a divide so deep between him and Pepper that their engagement had fallen through.
“Yeah, I do know, Steve. But I really think that it would be best to wait it out.”
“I can’t do that, Tony,” Steve sighed almost sadly.
He’d been almost a year old by the time they’d adopted him. Tony had gotten Happy to look into several orphanages to try and find the right kid. Normally Pepper would have done that, but Happy had managed well enough. It had taken some time to choose the right one, almost four months into their search. Peter had been in a small orphanage in Queens, where he’d been constantly overlooked due to his smaller size. He was outgrowing that now, but they’d been very cautious in the first few years. Tony thought that it might have actually been part of the reason why Peter was so perfect for them. Steve saw something of himself in the baby, enough to bring out his protective side. Once they’d found Peter it had been an incredibly quick process of bringing him home. The adoption processes had been simplified greatly to try and encourage families to adopt new children since there was such an abundance now.
Steve leant over and cupped the back of Tony’s neck in his palm. “I know, I know I let you down, but I want to try this again. Properly. Just you and me.”
“I figured it out, Pepper, time travel.”
Tony scoffed and began to claw at the bandage on his arm. Once successful in getting it off, he hastily yanked out the needle that had been secured underneath it. “Anything I can give you? Nope, nada, zip. I have nothing for you, Steve. No location, no clues, no trust. You’re a liar.”
This time, upon hearing the same voice, Tony felt a dawning realisation. That voice was way too familiar this time for him to brush it off. It was still as calming as before, but a bit deeper and huskier than the one in his memories. Turning ever so gently towards the voice, Tony managed to catch a glimpse of its source. Almost instantly, he felt his breath carried away from him, and an immense relief sweep through his body.
“This might be our last chance. You know where we’ll be.”
Luckily, that was all going to change now; he wasn’t going to let history repeat itself. Tony wouldn’t need to rely on anyone else but him. He took a step towards the chair in the middle of the room, only just realising that he had still been standing in the doorway, the door hanging open. It fell shut with a reverberating thud once its path had been cleared.
wasn’t exactly a common occurrence, and he knew half of them were probably expecting him to come back from the meeting without a job. Steve tried to ignore the sheen of sweat that was starting to coat his palms, making him even more uncomfortable than he already was. He had the same fear but tried to quell it by telling himself that if the man wanted him fired, he was unlikely to let a crowded room stop him and would have done it on the spot. Maybe.
Tony’s jaw dropped at his son’s question, wondering just when he learnt to be so manipulative. “That’s extortion. There’s a word for you.” He stood up and walked over to his son, looking back over his shoulder a few times, at the model. “Juice pops, huh? Yeah, that’s exactly what was on my mind.” He reached out his hand for Peter to take. His son jumped up happily, grabbing the hand and dragging Tony to the kitchen. “What flavour do you want Squirt?”
“-Tony”
Steve eyed his arms wearily, acknowledging the fact that Tony was probably starting to rub them raw with all of his struggling. He hated how tight they had to be, but Tony was proving exactly why that had to be the case. He knew never to underestimate the capabilities of one Tony Stark, even if it meant short-term harm. He’d have to remind himself later to get him some balm though because he’d be feeling those burns tomorrow – and probably for the rest of the week too.
He’d been after Tony for months now. Ever since Siberia, Steve had focused on rebuilding HYDRA from the ashes that were left. The organisation was almost unrecognisable from what it used to be, carefully reshaped under his leadership. After the whole drama with the Accords, and the failure of international governments to understand the need for earth’s protection, Steve had decided to take matters into his own hands. Slowly, yet effectively, he’d begun to infiltrate national governments, putting in place operatives that were quietly reforming how countries were ruled. The movements were subtle, so as not to draw any attention, but they were working, and they’d gotten well past the halfway point.
“Alright, well I’ve got it from here.”
Steve turned around to see Sam making his way over to him. He’d befriended Sam when he’d first started out at his job, with the man working a few floors below him in a small Veterans Affairs clinic. They’d met at this very café, but Steve was quick to realise that he’d rather pay the extra two dollars to have coffee at almost any other place rather than drinking the poor excuse of a beverage that they served here. The two had quickly bonded over their past military experience, something Steve wasn’t particularly fond of remembering, and soon started meeting up outside of work as well. He’s one of the few people Steve didn’t hesitate to actually call a friend.
Tony didn’t say anything about the blush travelled up the boy’s neck and onto his cheeks at the statement, not wanting to embarrass him any further. Not that Tony found it embarrassing, but again, he wouldn’t admit to that.
“Peter Stark-Rogers, what are you up to?” He asked in a sing-song voice. God, having a kid had really mellowed him out. That probably wasn’t a bad thing, though. With how close he’d been to total collapse five years ago, to the little family he’d been able to make for himself. Yeah, he’d never really seen himself as a self-sufficient (veggie patch, chickens and all), house-on-a-lake kinda guy, but here he was, happier than he’d been in such a long time.
“Didn’t your Papa already tell you one tonight?”
“You’ll alert me the moment anything changes. I mean that. I don’t want to miss him waking up because of your slacking off.”
When no response came, Tony’s mind instantly went to all the mischievous and destructive scheming that his son could be getting up to. He probably got that from him, not that Steve wasn’t mischievous, but the destructive part…well.
“Alright, Steve. We’ll bring him back to you.”
“Yeah, see you then, Peter,” Tony whispered happily as he waited until Peter was inside before telling Happy to start the drive back.
He peeked over his shoulder to see Bucky given him a doubtful look. As much as the lack of sleep was affecting Bucky, it had been even longer since Steve had gotten some decent rest. He’d tried, on several occasions, but the excitement and anticipation he had felt since Bucky had come up with their new plan had meant any attempt at sleep was bound to fail. He’d felt the fatigue, only moments ago when he’d still been dealing with the rest of his tasks for the day, but upon seeing Tony it all faded away. Whilst he thought he had a strong hold over his emotions, and an impassive mask to go with it, to Bucky he’d always been an open book.
Steve met his eyes from where he stood, the two of them having a silent conversation. It seemed they were on the same page, really. They’d gained so much and the two of them were as close to their happily ever after that they were going to get. They couldn’t afford to risk what they had left, to risk Peter, on a whim.
“Did they get to you?” The worry in Tony’s tone shifted towards him at that, reassessing the situation. “Was it Barnes? Steve, please, I can get you out of here.”
Tony tried to shrug the hand off his shoulder, realising that he wasn’t going to get any help from Steve. Looking around quickly, Tony began to assess his surroundings. On the assumption that Steve wouldn’t impede his escape, even if he refused to aid it, there didn’t seem to be anyone else in the room that would stop him. A blinking red light in two of the ceiling corners indicated that someone was probably watching them, but they didn’t seem to have an audio recording component to them. That was good. The finger-print activated lock on the door was not so good, so he was going to have to find a way around that. The wall beside him had a long mirror covering its top half, presumably a two-way glass installation – one that Tony thought was unnecessary considering the cameras but that really wasn’t important right now. What
Approaching the bedside cautiously, Steve sighed at the sight of Tony’s still shut eyes. It had been less than a day, in whole, since they’d left, so it wasn’t exactly unexpected, but it did delay his plan a little bit. Without thinking too much about it, Steve sat himself in the small armchair beside the bed and laid his hand over Tony’s. A blanket still separated the two, with Tony far too at risk of catching a cold or pneumonia to not have one covering him, but Steve could feel the comforting warmth. For what felt like the first time in a month, and likely was, Steve felt a small smile adorn his face.
Before entering the room, Steve made sure to slow his breathing, and almost nervously ran a hand through his hair. It had been a while since he’d been able to clean himself up, with how busy he had found himself whilst planning Tony’s capture. He’d been able to give himself a few quick fixes once he’d left Tony earlier, but he’d been quite active since then and was beginning to look a bit scruffy again. He really wanted to look his best for their big reunion. Tony deserved nothing less. The beard was a new addition since their last meeting, but he knew that Tony had a certain affinity for facial hair. There was also a large part of him that wanted to appear calm, and not add to any stress that Tony might already be feeling. That wasn’t exactly an easy feat, though, since a slight sheen of sweat was appearing on his palms, and his hands had a slight shake to them.
Steve gulped at the announcement. “Right. 11. Your office.”
the only one. You’re not replaceable.”
As much as he would have loved to stand there for hours just watching the two of them interact, he didn’t want to intrude on the moment. Both him and Steve would often divulge things to Peter that they wouldn’t to each other, knowing their child wouldn’t judge or second-guess their admissions. It would be unfair for him to listen in on those sorts of things. He pulled out of the doorway, becoming aware, once more, of the cold sensations running through his body from his soaked clothing. Yeah, he should probably have that shower.
“The garage,” Peter responded as if it was obvious. Well, yes, he probably had gotten it out of the garage, but Tony had long since stopped leaving anything remotely valuable or dangerous in plain sight, or within reaching distance of his overly curious child.
He spun around quickly, stunned by the small figure of his son sitting on the bottom step.
Gritting his teeth and realising that he was going to have to up his game, Tony charged towards the man. He clearly wasn’t expecting this, freezing for a moment too long, and getting hit in the side with the next shot Tony fired. The force of the blow sent him back into the car, breaking yet another window. The man stayed down longer than Tony was expecting though, making him lower his hand in confusion. Surely, one hit from his low-powered gloves wasn’t enough to cause this much damage. Tony probably should have paid more attention to the suspicious side of his mind.
Taking his gaze from Steve, and over to Peter, he felt his frown instantly evaporate. Peter was awkwardly seated in his chair – one that Tony had made a little bit higher than the others so that he could reach the table properly. He was stabbing clumsily at the strings of spaghetti in his plastic bowl, a look of serious concentration on his face. The expression involved his tongue poking slightly out of the corner of his mouth. As pieces continued to fall off his fork, he growled angrily, his stabbing becoming more insistent. His cheeks had smatterings of the tomato sauce, as did the front of his shirt. Maybe they’d have to bring the bibs back for the messier foods.
“Tony
“C’mon wake up sweetheart, you are so much stronger than what pushes you down and I know for a fact you won't leave me alone. So please please wake up, don’t let yourself fall into a coma, who would I annoy and at tease if you’re not there. I don’t even know what I'll do without you. You have always been there capsicle don’t leave now. Please wake up I don’t want to lose more time without having you to hold me.”
It was Bucky’s and Steve knew, it would be something outright mocking or either something deeply heartfelt. On opening it Steve took couldn’t help but gasp. It was train toy, but more importantly it was the train toy with which Bucky and Steve used to play with. He didn’t know how Bucky found it but he knew it had something to do with the genius sitting beside him. Steve swallowed feeling a lump in his throat and looked up at Bucky who was sitting on Nat’s side, her fingers tangled in his hair. Bucky passed him a sincere smile and Steve nodded at him. That was enough to convey what he meant, after spending so long with each other playing the whole big brother, younger brother shtick.
He wasn’t conscious but there were voices around him. No, not voices, but a single voice. a voice he knew, adored, loved. But he couldn’t pinpoint who right now. All he could hear at the moment was how much the person, the man behind the voice wanted him to wake up. There was such devotion coursing through the voice that all Steve really wanted to do was wake up and take the person in his arms and never let go. But no matter how much he tried to move his fingers or open his eyes but it was of no use. Giving up he delved into darkness again not knowing what was happening around him anymore.
There was so much grief, regret, and
guys, why are we sitting like this? JARVIS run facial algorithms in all the areas in Delaware. Hack all CCTV cameras in the state and get me a hit on Steve.”
“Hello Captain, looks like we finally got our hands on you. It's an honor to finally meet you, after all you aren’t an easy catch,” the girl which had entered the room said to Steve in a shrilly voice.
“Both,” Cap said, turning to kiss Tony’s cheek before climbing to his feet. “I have to understand why he’s dating Deadpool. I just can’t wrap my head around it. But don’t worry—” He glanced back, flashing a smile. “—I’ll make coffee first.”
"Right, and since Hawkeye was recently KIDNAPPED—who did you assign to watch him?"
"If you say so," Tony said, in a way that made it a little too easy to tell that HE didn't think it was fine. Whatever Steve wanted, though; he was too damn heavy for Tony to just pull his clothes off, anyway.
"Too bad T'Challa isn't back yet, he's pretty good at that stuff too!" She remarked, hovering off into the mansion to find Bruce.
“Well, I’ve got some maps of the area from one of our fairs. If you don’t mind ignoring the little tents.”
Tony held up both hands.
They argued more than they talked, and they were like night and day when it came to technology. How could Tony have a conversation with him when Steve barely had a grasp on modern tech?
Staring at him, Cap raised an eyebrow. Did he really have to ask that?
A hand landed on his back as Matt came over beside him, shaking his head at the mess.
Who else was Clint supposed to hang out with? Bruce was his go-between for the Hulk. Everyone else was boring when they weren’t helping Hawkeye take out bad guys.
As it dawned on him what Tony said about keeping secrets, Cap’s smile faltered.
"Him and half the team," Tony grumbled, paddling his way to the beach and not so gracefully clambering ashore. He paused to wipe wet hair out of his face, noting the Arc reactor glowing bright and blue right through the chest of his wet shirt. "By the way, Clint says he's dating Bruce now. He actually asked me to tell you, so there you go."
"Tony?" Steve pulled him in close. “Tony!”
"Noooo, not happening. I don't exactly hand the thing out, okay? Tell ya what, though—I'll go there with you and ask them to let you in."
He brushed back past Tony and dropped to his knees in the sand to start working on the castle again.
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course,” Clint said quickly, trying to regain his composure. Laying down on his back, he gave Bruce a dubious look. “I think I know who Thor is talking about, though. Is he a tall troublemaker from ‘out of town?’”
As a blinding bolt of lightning cracked through the clouds, the door opened behind him. A shuffle of feet, then the door closed again.
Steve was leaning against the wall nearby. He returned the thumbs up, sighing and speaking slowly.
“Alright, back off. There’s no way Hulk would do that! Even if he was pissed off! If he did mess up their camp, it was probably by accident!”
Steve took a deep breath, coughing it back out. What could Tony be busy doing? More scans?
“He’s certainly…a colorful character,” Steve told him, resting a heavy hand on Peter’s shoulder. “We’re trying to give him a chance. He knows who we are, but we’ve just met him.”
The storm was just as bad as before they went inside and he was really starting to wonder if Thor was responsible for it. Thor was the kind of guy to go easy on his friends first, then crank up the difficulty when he knew they could take it. Maybe Bruce was right and Thor assumed Captain America and Iron Man could handle bad weather.
He was disappointed to see through the open cabin door that Cap and his almost-kid were still hovering in the kitchen. They were chatting and making sandwiches.
One of the tents opened and Loki ducked out, eying Thor very curiously. A couple of faces peeked out after him, but no one followed him.
A little splashing sound caught Steve’s attention. When he glanced at the source, he saw a small smooth rock skipping far out across the lake surface. A familiar hearty laugh came from down the lake shore a ways. Thor and Bruce were standing there, the scientist holding up the next stone.
"Not love-love," Loki continued, gesturing with his hands in the air. No, he wasn’t in love with anyone. That was foolish. "Like...brotherly love."
“I do.” Clint rolled, instantly regretting it as his injured ribs throbbed. Coughing from the pain, he scooted over to sit beside Bruce.
And Bruce probably really did know them, from Steve’s morning workout routine to what Tony liked to tinker with in his lab, because the Hulk had been around for those things. Never mind being a guy that smart and spending your whole day directed by somebody whose favorite pastime was crushing things with his bare fists…
Wolverine threw the merc as hard as he could into the nearest building, almost nailing Spider-Man in the face with a claw swipe.
Tony looked at him, sweat shining on his brow. It was getting kind of hard to breathe without some kind of wince coming out. Hell, if Loki sabotaged him it's not like he wouldn't have died in a couple extra minutes anyway.
"...Which makes sense if I ever have kids, but then I'd resent it," the merc continued, apparently chatting away while Pepper was thinking. "So, I guess it would be sort of..." He scratched his head. "Wait. What was I talking about?"
Stunned, Cap caught him and hugged him in return, unsure what to do. Gingerly, he patted Wade’s back.
"Whoa. This is gonna be a good story, isn't it?"
There was an amused snort from behind him that could only have been the Hulk.
"Hm. Better than Doom's place," he commented mildly.
"You're a clone, aren't you?" Carol groaned.
"For...the view." Deadpool said slowly, holding Peter tightly. "It's a beautiful...whatever Detroit is."
“Tch, good luck,” Matt shot back.
“WOOOHOOOOOOO!”
Turning back to Steve and Tony and licking the cone so it wouldn't drip on his hand, Peter waved vaguely at the row of rented two-person kayaks in bright colors that Thor, Lola and Wade had lined up on the beach. "Teams by color sounds great--we might even be able to match up flags and kayaks. How about if I deal with all that while you guys get moving on the flag planting part? Pick a kayak and head on out, and by the time you get back the teams will be ready to go."
“…Camped here dozens of times,” Bruce’s weary voice drifted to them. He and Clint were walking back into the campsite, the scientist holding a rolled up sleeping bag in his arms. He didn’t have any visible bear claw marks, and his hair sticking up like that reminded Tony that his own was probably still a disaster. Oh, well.
Clint suddenly sat up, like a switch had been flipped. He smirked at Bruce, a devilish glint in his sky blue eyes.
Clint also noticed that Cap was blushing and averting his eyes. Of course, Tony was watching Cap, so he noticed immediately.
Letting go of Bruce’s hands, Loki pointed a finger to the real Hawkeye.
The lights of Latveria's tiny capitol—and Doom's castle—glowed ahead of them in the twilight. Directly attacking a place loaded with murder robots wasn't a bright idea; hopefully they would be more subtle than that.
“…You know, this’s the first time we’ve really been alone since Daredevil got here,” he said almost casually, facing forward again and helping drag the kayak the last few feet to the rocks. Sitting his end of it down, he swiped dark curls out of his face and sighed. “Really thought we were gonna talk things out that time. Or the time before, with the root beer. Or, you know, any of the times before that.”
Pausing quietly by the edge of the door, Clint watched them for a moment. No, they weren’t distracted enough for him to move the tackle box. He’d stowed it behind the couch in a panic after Cap’s dad lecture, so the archer would have to wait until everyone cleared out of the room to move the loud, clanky box.
Why was Bruce bundled up?
"Because, if I let you bring your bow, I have to let Hank bring his mini lab, and let Thor wear full body armor in bed like he does back home. The whole idea is that we won't have to fight anything while we're here!" He paused to sip again, then sighed and let his shoulders slump defeatedly. "So you're not having fun, either. Great, perfect. Peter's having the most fun so far, and he's the stowaway."
"They will—we're a team."
There was no way Peter wasn't up to something, Tony thought, smiling and waving at the kid as he and Cap paddled out into the water. Steve was so strong that Tony was really only paddling for show; the kayak was going at a pretty nice pace even with him paddling one-handed while he waved.
Scooping Steve up, Tony turned and hurried to the medical room with him. To Carol, he called over his shoulder, "Get Bruce in here, will you? He's good with the nerdy chemistry stuff."
“Guys, let him go! He saved Hawkeye from the lake monster earlier, he’s not here to fight!”
“That explains… A lot.” Turning in Peter’s direction, Matt waved a hand out at the ocean. “Where’s Thor at?”
The two blond men looked at each other suspiciously.
"Wait." Bruce was being pulled along by one arm, yet he reached and grabbed Clint's wrist with the other. "You didn't do this, I did."
“I’m sorry, Clint,” Cap told Hawkeye, stepping up to the table side. “He’s barely slept in the last three days.”
“Right,” he said, fidgeting. “So, how long are you guys camping here for? It’s a weekend thing for us.”
“Morning,” Clint replied slowly. Judging by the assortment of random crap the kid had, he was probably helping Cap with the sandcastle.
“The heat wave is expected to continue late into next week,” the woman on the screen told him, smiling brightly. “Up next, the latest news on the Avengers scandal—”
"Um. Thanks." Cap took the glass and sipped it, swallowing with a grimace. "Are both H-Hawkeyes human?"
The Avengers were undoubtedly more interesting than clearing up traffic jams from the power outage, so Peter started for their mansion. Hey, maybe Deadpool actually wouldn't be able to bust his way in there...
Arriving at the break in the trees that led to the lake, he relented and let go of Tony’s hand. The billionaire seemed distracted by his phone anyway.
"Okay. How about we all go to that side of the room and my evil clone blows the door with an arrow?" He suggested. Being injured was boring. It hurt and made moving difficult. If only he could get his hands on that bow.
The 'Open' sign in the window was on—until a hand reached up to pull the cord. The sign flickered off. Clint didn't notice though, as he was too busy talking.
Deadpool turned and looked back down at her, waving. "Come on. This place is awesome!"
He pulled on his Spider-Man suit before crawling out the window and web-slinging to the roof to get a better idea of what was going on up there. Had a tree fallen on their building? Or worse, a power line?
Pacing one more time, Loki sighed and began to look for a good hiding spot.
"Good to see you're not still back there," she told Steve sympathetically.
"The Asgardian, Thor," Doom said promptly. "Tell me who he cares for the most—the one he will always seek to save, whose very NAME he cannot ignore!" There went the dramatic fist posturing.
So, he supposed, yes, he must know the Avengers pretty well by now.
“Should we do something?” Hawkeye snapped at Bruce.
"He's too aggressive," Bruce added quietly, stepping into the room as well. "He's not listening to you or anybody else. We're a team, and he's not acting like it." He wasn't just biased because this Clint had started to confess feelings for him, he told himself. He wasn't sure he quite believed it.
“Good morning Captain.”
"Might?" Clint snorted.
"I'm not," he admitted. "I thought I would miss it, but if I was fishing right now I wouldn't be getting to spend time with you. I assume, anyway, since fishing bores you and you wouldn't be forced to stick around for that and guard me for once." Releasing Clint's hand, he got to his feet and started dusting sand off of his legs, then offered both hands to Clint.
At least that meant he liked blonds, Clint comforted himself.
"I don't have my card on me!" Clint jerked a thumb at the Hulk. "And he forgot his at home too."
“First,” Steve told Tony, keeping him close as he moved yet another waffle off of the iron with a fork, “we need to know basic information. His name. Last night, we were worried about whether Peter was dating as himself or as Spider-Man, so I had hoped that you could track all the heroes that Spider-Man has been known to work with.”
Oh, no. Did Tony have dating trouble with STEVE?
"Yeeeaah...listen, Deadpool, Spider-Man's not down here," he said. "Last time I saw him, he was up near the front door. He and Johnny Storm showed up with...er, trouble."
"And yet I see none of the others rushing in to aid you," Doom said drolly, turning back toward him again.
Oh Wade… Ever since they’d run into the Avengers, he and Wade hadn’t had more than a couple of hours together alone. So much for a vacation for just the two of them. He felt a pang of guilt that he actually didn’t mind that much, either. Dating Wade was still recent enough to be a little awkward, and Peter didn’t get why he kept running off for an hour or two at a time. He was obviously doing SOMETHING besides hunting for a handful of firewood.
“No, no, we straightened him out,” Cap told Bruce, sounding sad as he stepped back to stand at Tony’s side.
Wolverine grabbed Peter's sides, lifting him up and shaking him.
"Do I have y-your word?" Steve stared at the glass dubiously, before sitting it on the nearby table.
The dark-haired man did so--and then kept moving, until he was right in Cap's space, inches from his face again.
Steve smiled after her, coming back around the counter and past Tony.
Clint thought bitterly, watching a tall blond man weaving down the beach.
Popping open the first aid kit and sitting it on top of the backpack, Peter pulled out some alcohol wipes and gauze and handed them to Clint.
“A-absolutely,” Clint stammered. Bonfires were a totally normal beach thing, but the idea that BRUCE wanted to make a bonfire was just plain…cute?
"You look like you need more. Heh." Loki reached up and pinched at Bruce's beard playfully. "Looking a little wild there."
Tony squinted at Daredevil. 'Too obvious'?
"Scout...for what?" Bruce glanced at him and raised a brow, slipping on the yellow flip flops.
“I like to think so,” Cap told him uneasily, looking out at the waves as they swirled to catch the moonlight. The beach was so calm that it felt surreal.
"...He was AT the scene of the CRIME and did NOTHING to stop it! It is EVERY citizen's DUTY to call out villains like Spider-Man! EVERY single ONE!" The deafening voice shrieked from the television.
Before Cap could explain himself, he noticed a flutter of moment as something fell from his shirt. The recipe card!
"Sounds like he already agreed to let us go," Pepper said faintly, coughing again. "Ugh—whenever he feels like it."
"Oh no no no." Almost leaping from the couch, his double was at his side in seconds. "You know, I'll call Thor. He can tuck you in."
Peter scanned the crowd, trying not to be distracted by the Spider Sense going all tingly in Loki’s general direction. He honestly couldn’t tell if that was real or perceived danger. Loki COULD be dangerous, but so far hadn’t really been during this trip. He’d even helped Peter save Hawkeye from the lake monster.
"Yup. All clear." Tony looked at him, studying his face thoughtfully. "So...how's the whole poison thing working out for you?"
Why, oh why, did this have to be about his dating life so much? Peter hardly had a dating life. He was usually too busy chasing bad guys who dressed like escaped zoo animals and trying to hide his identity.
After thinking for a moment, Clint just turned and started up the steps again. Whatever. After coffee, he planned to find a nice place to sulk. Probably on top of the cabin or on a rock in the sea or something. Somewhere he wouldn’t see Bruce and he wouldn’t have to see Cap and Tony suddenly getting along.
Was he? Wade seemed kind of harmless while on vacation, but Cap hadn't heard great things about Deadpool. He trusted Peter's word, though, that the blond wasn't a bad guy. Prone to mistakes, maybe...
"Wolverine says he's gonna blow up your house," he said conversationally. Hey, he wasn't even making it up.
As Cap’s eyes dropped from the sky to Tony, he felt his heart sink in his chest.
Slowly, Hawkeye retrieved the medical case and brought it to Bruce.
He offered a gauntlet-covered hand. "Aid me in luring Thor, and I shall see to it that his comrades rescue you and take you into their fold."
"Bruce and I could go," Loki offered quickly.
There was that buzzing in the hallway again...then the door popped open like it was welcoming Cap and Tony.
"Wow. I know that was a flimsy excuse, but you had to get the part about me wanting to leave," Tony grumbled. "Could we just...not do this? I get the idea, we don't need to actually spell it all out."
"But who does DOOM want?" Pepper frowned.
"What the..." Hawkeye stared over at Bruce, eyes wide.
Loki saw Hawkeye cringe.
Dr. Banner was standing right there next to Hawkeye and didn’t seem surprised to see the box in the trunk, so maybe he'd just decided not to use it?
“His husband?”
"Oh, the sandwiches!" Thor brightened. "Did the PB and J not agree with Banner?" He said it 'peebee and jay' like he didn't know what the letters actually meant. Clint was pretty sure the only sandwich Thor had ever tried was one made in the kitchen of the mansion, probably that one time it was Tony's turn to do the cooking and they wouldn't allow him to order takeout.
Thor frowned.
"Do not concern yourself," Doom said, glancing toward him as he poured the contents of a green beaker into a larger blue one. "Doom has no reason to harm you now. Until Tony Stark returns with the Arc reactor, you will be a guest here."
"Nope." Clint shook his head. "Everybody ran like hell and the Hulk didn't chase 'em. It was sort of surreal." He reached out to pat Bruce's shoulder, then stopped himself. "Uh, sorry about all this. You know. The stuff under the vest." He glanced down at the vest around Bruce's waist. "N-not that stuff! The stuff I said in front of the sandwich place—look, I didn't mean it. I…was bored," he lied.
The sky grumbled, and the lightning stream vanished from the clearing ahead.
"Oh, yeah? How else can 'consider yourself single' sound, exactly?"
"Hulk! Hey!" Clint ran after him, waving. "C'mon, do you have to smash the city every time? Tony pays for this!"
"Is that...cure?" Steve pointed to his throat.
"...And Spidey?" Deadpool asked hopefully.
Steve stopped mid-step, turning to stare at him. The blond tipped his head curiously.
Steve and Carol turned immediately to see who it was.
"Yeah, I should probably shave soon," he said quietly, turning and digging in the briefcase again. The other man watched him intently, raising an eyebrow.
The last was added in a sagely tone, like he might actually be trying to warn them. Cap sure didn’t buy it.
"Okay, Cap I can understand, but why Hawkeye?"
"This is only the second time he's shown up on the days we agreed were mine," Bruce sighed, looking at Clint for a long moment and wishing he could add that the archer wasn't to blame for that and have him believe it. If Bruce was completely disinterested, his heart wouldn't have been racing, now would it?
"Leggo—what, do I have to MACE ya?" Peter indulged himself with a few dramatic flails before just flat-out smacking Deadpool upside the head. "SERIOUSLY, knock it off."
The big blond waved his hand solemnly.
"Is he okay?" Hawkeye asked, leaning over Loki with wide blue eyes.
Doom snickered in his sinister way again. Clint wondered if he always laughed like that. Did he laugh like that when he was a little kid blowing out his birthday candles, too? Or playing with puppies? ...Puppies were probably too scared to approach even a tiny Doom.
"Do that again and I'll shoot you," Loki threatened.
With a mischievous giggle, she shut the door.
"I didn't see Cap on the way here at all," Pepper said worriedly. "I-I went outside to look for you and Deadpool showed up. He's looking for Spider-Man," she added, sighing and rubbing her elbow.
"Oh, no...how'll I ever afford another one?"
"Well, you do. It's kinda overpowering." Peter added a loud cough for emphasis.
Cap didn't reply, shaking his head instead.
"Yours?" Steve asked warily. "What is it that you want with Thor? He's a little out of your league in a one-on-one fight."
Tony met them halfway down the hallway—still in his suit, for some reason, and leading along Pepper and...Clint.
“Well, well.” Calmly, he pulled an arrow off of his back and popped the head off of it.
Too tired to think on it more, Clint picked the left and started walking.
Bruce had sat up quickly at the cry of pain from Loki, snapping an arm out to grab his shoulder, maybe to try to pull him out of the other Clint's reach. Now, as the two paused in their tussle, they saw that the scientist's eyes were an alarming green, and that he was clutching his head.
"What for?" Hawkeye asked, already sitting the card in his hand.
"I'll have a cure cooked up in no time!" He said a little too cheerily, patting Steve's chest a few times before going back to typing on the console. "Jarvis, compare that sample against the sample of the gas from the bombing and Captain America's normal stats. Put all of those readouts on screens 2, 3 and 4—and, you know? Scan Pepper and give me her stats while you're at it..."
Pepper squeaked in surprise, placing a hand on his arm to keep from falling over.
“Enjoy your piña coladas with your mortal friends,” he told the Jotun fondly, and took off flying into the now-blue sky.
Buying time by rolling his eyes dramatically, Clint knew he’d been caught.
Clint was a nice-looking guy when he stopped to consider it. Blue-eyed, blond, well-toned Clint. What he saw in tired, skinny, scruffy-bearded Bruce was anybody's guess...
"What you do to Banner?" The Hulk demanded, snapping his attention back to the present. Apparently the conversation they'd had back there was memorable...
“Couldn’t be,” Tony whispered back. “He’s still out looking for…” Peeking around Steve’s hand, he looked out into the clearing at Thor and frowned. “Never mind.”
Bruce stepped in front of the other two Clints—well, as best he could, since both of them were bigger than he was.
“How many years does it take to go through law school? Four? Eight? You’ve gotta be at least what, in your late twenties?”
“I miss you, buddy. I…I so wanted you to throw a shark,” Hawkeye told him, trying not to slur.
A loud crash sounded from further across the street, and smoke began to pour from the windows of the building there. An explosion?
He zapped the other shackle off without further comment, then grabbed one of Cap's arms and retreated out the door, dragging him along.
Glancing back over his shoulder, he added uncertainly, "Hey, do you know if Thor's single?"
"Your lies are pathetic." Leaning to look Tony in the face, Loki frowned. "Aww, must you die now? It seemed we had a bet going."
The other Clint stared at the syringe as it came closer.
“I’m not sure,” Steve admitted, looking off into the trees.
Loki eyed the door. Maybe Doom had changed their deal?
Tony blinked.
Loki waved him away, noticing as Bruce sat the arrow aside and stood, too.
“…Private audience,” Thor was telling Tony, looking bemused. Both of them turned quickly when Steve arrived. “Captain, Stark tells me that you both wish to speak with me alone. You can’t possibly believe that Banner would tell anyone your secrets?” He chuckled and gestured to Bruce, who had gone right back to skipping stones when Steve left. “I assure you, he guards secrets very well.”
"What about dessert?"
Sitting up with rumpled hair, Tony stubbornly hugged the warm blanket around himself and yawned.
Sighing again, the Jotun came over to his side, leaning to peek around Bruce and see what he was doing.
“Tch, no,” Clint snorted, crossing his arms. “Said something about snoring, but I know he just didn’t want the Hulk to trash the camp. I’m gonna go find him.” With that, Clint turned and left again.
Loki sighed, his smile abruptly replaced with a frown.
God, what if the team’s thunder god and big green rage monster started dating? What a time to be alive.
"This morning?"
“Yeah, Hawkeye was super grouchy earlier today, and I think it’s my fault for being there,” Peter explained sheepishly. This was so weird. They’d gone back to practically normal—well, their version of it—the moment Wade had gotten back, but the conversation was still hanging over his head. Matt’s too, probably. Peter wanted to explain, but the last thing he wanted to do was to get Wade’s hopes up and then let him down. No, he had to talk to Matt in private about it.
Outside, there came a deafening crack of thunder. The rain suddenly quieted a great deal, and the wind died down to practically nothing.
