The detective’s feline eyes softened on John’s flustered words. He could see his answer spoke truth in the naivety of his ways. At least he was honest. It was one of the first things that drew him towards the doctor when he had first interviewed him.
“It just seems like an oxymoron to me. You being a vampire and a detective. How do you handle crime scenes with the blood and all?”
"Oh, you ... you told him about me?" He asked Mike.
“Just last week I decided to look at a new flat. Yesterday I had it narrowed down to three. And you knew all of this because you decided I was going to be your new flat mate,
“Do you ever sleep?” The doctor prompted on.
“He must be creating a barrier between us. So he won’t be tempted.”
“There’s more. Given her state of malnutrition she didn’t put up much of a fight. No skin or blood is evidence under her nails either. The way her body has been dismembered and the stone lodged back in her throat I would definitely say it is a Eastern European association you are looking for.” Sherlock handed him the rock and swiped off his gloves
it's for men!
He crouched down beside him and made a quick once over of the girl.
Sherlock blinked once. The panic washed away from his features and he let out a sigh.
When John returned home it was oddly quiet. Too quiet for his liking. Usually when John came home from work Sherlock was always clamoring away in their flat. Whether it was endless pacing from trying to think, conducting some sort of experiment, or scratching away at his violin. The detective was a never ending bundle of energy that could hardly never keep still. Stagnation was never a good sign.
Sherlock’s brows bunched together at the absurdity of John’s words.
“I will decide when to take my leave. How is he treating you Dr. Watson? Hellish to live with I imagine.”
"Who cares about decent? The game, Mrs. Hudson, is on!" The detective made his way out the front door, hailing a cab with expert ease as John followed behind.
“Well...strange things.” Anderson said hesitantly.
The detective nodded.
“My sight is better in the dark than when I was living. As well as my hearing. That’s about it.”
“Hey John I saved this for you,” Molly had found John in the locker room at the end of the shift, his lunchbox in hand. “You were off in such a flash at lunch that you forgot your bag. I took it with me for safe keeping.”
an assistant."
John goes his first crime scene with Sherlock. And Sherlock realizes this is more than an ordinary crime scene and is going to have to go into his mind palace to seek answers he has long since buried.
“I highly doubt that since I am incapable of doing such a thing!”
“If you should find yourself in a compromising situation.” His hand rested out the window, a business card nestled in-between his index and middle finger. John took the card. He understood what Mycroft was doing. Not only did he act as a protector of the government, but the protector of Sherlock and now for John.
"So Mr. Watson, tell me about him," The elderly gray haired witch set down a cup of tea in front of him. "Or as I hear it is Dr. Watson now I presume."
"Any good?" Was his next one.
"I cut a deal with Mrs. Hudson. She owes me a favor." John heard a kettle click on and the clattering of China being set up as the man stirred around the kitchen. "Couple of years ago her husband was being sentenced in Florida for getting into some trouble. I helped out."
The doctor left the detective by the wall of the garage to finish his cigarette and started for the stairs by the side of building. He was glad that the vampire was finally starting to open up a little even if it was small minuscule information about himself. It was starting to make him seem more real, more human. This man once had a life, ambitions, dreams, a career. He had to say he was even interested in what he was like in his past life. But those would be conversations for another time.
“Can I help you with something? Are you lost?”
"She's German," the rat faced Anderson leaned casually on the door way, his presence suddenly became known. "'Rache': it's German for 'revenge.' She could be trying to tell us something ..."
In a swift motion Sherlock was in front of him in an instant. The fluid movement made John flinch at the fact he hadn’t seen the man move from his chair to stand before him. Just more proof that this man was supernatural indeed.
The Inspector lead them up the circular staircase. Each step they took was a groan from the floorboards underneath as though the weight of the world could buckle through them at any moment.
Harry sighed adjusting his glasses, running a hand through his dark hair. He did not want to loose a valuable employee. John had an extensive decorated career as an Auror and had traveled not just around England but international missions to the far east as well. However, he knew John had his own personal demons just like he had his.
He hurried off again leaving the Inspector and John to their own devices.John watched as Lestrade went back to his team to set about his work. John on the other hand needed to catch up with the muggle and Obilivate his mind. John knew Sherlock didn't know who Umbridge was, but he didn't need to know. This case that originally set out to be an ordinary suicide murder was now a case for the magical world. Sherlock was clever. Eventually he would figure it out. John could easily alter his memories, make it seem like he was never on this case, erase the signs of his world's problems and interactions and Sherlock would be none the wiser about it.
"But who
"Not a word."
"Oh, Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, she's giving me a special deal. Owes me a favor. A few years back, her husband got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out."
“What have you got Sherlock?” Lestrade piped in as he approached the two.
" Sherlock smiled in satisfaction. However his smile was short lived. He stood and walked to the vague message upon the wall. No ashes were scattered on the floor yet one could easily see the letters were burned on. Though by what matter remained a mystery. Long fingers traced down the letter of the R and brought to his nose to smell the residue. Hints of the drywall that was burned was all he could smell, but the rest was foreign to him much like word. RACHE. He was fluent in German and knew very well it meant revenge. Though why would she write this in the hour of death? No, this was note of malice. It couldn't be. Looking towards the woman's hands he noticed they were chipped, not cared for. Had she fought for her life? Also he had found nothing on her that would've produced the burned letters. No this had to be a name. Not Rache, Rachel. Was it the murderer's or someone to contact?
“Diogenes.” Sherlock answered as if it was known fact, continuing to peer down at the him in equal confusion.
"What about the message, though?" Lestrade pointed out, but Sherlock ignored his question and looked to John. Perhaps seeing the confusion on his new flat mate's face.
"Splendid. The violin doesn't bother you any? I play when I'm thinking. Often times I get so caught up I may not talk for days on in and you must not think me sulky or depressive. Just let me alone and I'll soon be right. Flat mates should know the worst of each other, don't you think?"
"What do you think?"
"Yes. Yes, I think so. My thoughts precisely," the man admired the flat as he looked around "So I went straight ahead and moved in."
“Great. Freak’s here.” A snide woman said loud enough under her breather anyone to hear. She watched them approach the tape line and seemingly puffed herself up trying to make herself look more authoritative.
Ah, first day on the hunt. So this is how his day would go. John hurried with his breakfast and finished the rest of his morning rituals. By the time he was ready to head out the door he snatched up the lunchbox and found it oddly heavy. He unzipped and found the contents of a sandwich, apple and a bottle of water. A lunch he didn’t remember making in preparation the night before for the work day ahead. Sherlock must have made it.
“A memory technique. It helps me remember and bring forth information and images that I have stored throughout the years. A skill essential to my work.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed.
“Well, you see, this is part of the conversation that isn’t suitable for public ears and may put you off. I…am a vampire.”
Needless to say John was at a total loss of words for a split moment. He hadn't suspected that the man he had been freely speaking to was a minority of the general population that he had rarely seen in London.
waters. And I shall have to go deeper still.” He looked out the window as the cab stopped. The residence they had just pulled up to was not that of the comforts of Baker Street, but the marital home of the doctor.
With that John knew the detective was right.
“How tall was she?”
" John silently made a once over of the room they were in with no suitcase in sight. Nor did he remember seeing on downstairs. Where ever it was he needed to find it and soon. It was quite possible that it had valuable information on how Umbridge escaped.
Mycroft nodded in affirmation seemingly content upon the answer.
Sherlock’s head tilted to the side this time not in scrutiny, but in consideration. As John had put it he did, technically, kidnap him. He could see how that may come across as a bit not good when trying to persuade someone in becoming their flatmate. Especially since he was now living with a vampire. But John continued to solider on. Taking each new day with him in tow and now even eager to go on cases with him. He would get through this. They both would.
Yet, at the same time, the more he studied the building as the exited the cab, the more it felt familiar. Perhaps it was because he saw similar buildings of this kind of structure all over the city or had passed it one day and was just now realizing it. Whatever it was, it was starting to become an itch he couldn’t scratch because he could almost swear he had already been here.
“There is a washroom down the hall from the kitchen, on your left. I laid out some towels and a change of clothes for you if you would like to freshen up before bed. The tub in there is deep. A hot bath would help your tired muscles.”
“Uncle. Dr. Watson. I see you are well. Problems have been solved?”
"Straight to the point, my kind of man. You'll fit just fine here. The muggle I have in mind for you is a new one that has just been reported by a wizard who works in a hospital in London. He said there is a muggle who does detective work and has asked him if he could use the laboratory for his research and experiments. At first he thought nothing of it. Just thought he was working for the Scotland Yard. That is until he learned what this muggle really can do…and what he was investigating."
“Well I can assure you the kind of questions I want to ask are not suitable ones to be asking so freely in public. One must learn to be discreet and my questions are in no way shape or form ‘normal’ in the sense.”
He was protecting her. She lived here with no debts, no obligations to him if all she did was a little cleaning. And she lived, however she wished, downstairs in her little flat and he let her fuss over him. It was almost endearing. So what did he see in him? What was so special about him that he uprooted him in just two weeks and moved him right here into his flat.
“Speaking to one who feels like they are suddenly about to become this evenings dinner.”
As Sherlock shifted his paper John’s eyes noticed a mark on the crook of his neck, shining silver embedded in his flesh in the morning light. It was a scar, several of them actually, barely visible if one wasn’t intentionally looking for them. Some were long and jagged, parallel to one another as if someone took a two pronged fork and ran it down the side of his neck where it disappeared under his shirt collar. Others were half moon shaped resembling teeth marks.
"I know it was hard for you John. I know that here lately you haven't been yourself. Perhaps you just some time off, relax, go on holiday.." Harry suggested.
John hated not knowing either. It made the pit of his stomach heavy and nauseous with worry. Sherlock seemed pretty sure of himself from what John could gather. Sure the vampire was somewhat concerned of their new complication, but his focus was more on the case than his own well being. However, somewhere in the back of John’s mind, he wondered if the detective’s words held more than what they meant. If it was going to be difficult to get the blood supply Sherlock needed, then would this be a test of sheer will power and strength? How long could Sherlock hold out before he finally snapped? Would the thirst for blood be too much?
“Night, Sherlock.”
His attention now settled on Sherlock who met his eye with reciprocation. No particular emotion projected from his features as he waited for him to answer his question.
With slight difficulty John got up and followed Harry, his cane clicking all the way down the hall of the Ministry of Magic, both catching a ride on the elevator to the lower level.
The next few seconds caught John off guard. Instead of reaching the stairs he was suddenly being grabbed by the arm in a vice like grip and spun around. He made full contact that was the body of Sherlock as they were both shoved in a darkened corner and the taller detective hid the both of them. John dared not make a sound as he watched the face of the vampire turn lethal and eyes narrowed, looking off to the side. He followed his gaze and saw, not too far away, was a man.
kitchen.” Sherlock corrected. “And it’s an experiment! Don’t touch it!”
A proud smile lit up Sherlock's face like a Christmas tree. No doubt he probably felt very accomplished by the pile of pure bullshittery John had ever read.
At that moment his phone chimed with a text and he withdrew it from his trouser pocket. Mycroft of course. His relation had been keeping tabs on him and his current state since he was still out of the country on official government business. Even from afar he knew Mycroft could easily supply him with an unsuspecting victim from his prisoner hoard. While the idea seemed like the more logical and sensible solution he could not bring himself to do it. He could not let himself go into baser instincts. He was still clutching onto the undoubted faith he had in his flatmate to get what he needed without turning into a ravenous lunatic any time soon.
"But?"
“He’s…done this before has he?”
“Precisely.”
The older inspector brought them into room two stories above the ground floor. It was devoid of furniture except for a rocking horse, that had seen better years, in the far corner. Emergency portable lighting had been set up along with scaffolding poles to hold up part of the ceiling where a couple of large holes had caved in.
“Something about a terrorist attack on the tube. The paramedic on the line said it was bad. Really bad. All the hospitals in the surrounding area are on stand by.”
“A few decades now since she has returned to England from Florida. Helped her with her husband’s death penalty.”
“You’re the brainiac here. Surely you can solve that.” John gave him smirk and grabbed his dinner out of the microwave as it dinged.
Another blanket of silence fell between them. Sherlock assumed it had to do with the confession he had just told John, one he really hoped he wouldn’t have to tell. Not only had he been a captor of his flatmate but he had also played the part of violation. But how else was he to bring John back to the flat with little to no harm? Even with John’s proposed scenario when they first met, talking to him and simply asking him to be his flatmate, he highly doubted he would’ve came along with him. He could tell John was a man of reason and action and he would’ve said no in an instant. Guilt began to creep up on Sherlock’s mind as he watched the doctor drink his tea.
"Would it be better if I just waited and ..."
Sherlock hit the play button for the footage to continue. But as it seemed, the universe had other plans for the detective’s questions. It barely took thirty seconds for him to identify the man on the platform. How could he forget such a face? The way he walked and held himself with such flamboyant airs, his distinguished fashion, his devilish smile. The figure set a terrible dread within him.
" John smiled to himself
“It’s exquisite. Magnifique. Les eaux de la fontaine de jouvence.”
“Well I’m off. I’ll be home by seven.”
“She had a history of schizophrenia and hallucinations.” Lestrade confined to John. “Her parents had her committed when she stopped eating and sleeping. Wouldn’t take her medications anymore. Began seeing figures in her room telling her to kill her mum and dad. She was on suicide precautions. Made it known to her doctors that she didn’t want to live. Kid didn’t last more than a couple days here until she went missing.”
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens." The gruff voice of the Inspector answered.
“Before you settle in there is a few conditions I would like to discuss with you.”
“The club?” The doctor clarified.
“What? Got a coffin in there?”
"Oh my God!" Harry's voice was now in full alarm. "I'll get word out straight away to send someone out to Azkaban to see what's happened."
Now this answer seemed vague. Did he mean his life or the life of another? If his death was truly as traumatizing as John was led to believe he would have to say it was the detective’s. After all how would one feel if they were suddenly murdered only to be brought back to life and realize they would never die. Continue living while the ones you loved passed on. It had to be a hell within itself.
“I-I don’t understand. What …"
“I have some questions myself if you don't mind. If you didn’t kidnap me to harm me then what do you want? I know nothing about you, who you are or where I am. And I’m not answering anything until you tell me.”
The landlady made her presence known, almost in a mother hen type way as she picked up varies items around the room, her herself trying to clean as well.
His mind wandered back to the night he first met Sherlock.
John did not want to tip him off that he felt uneasy at his request, but all of a sudden he had the urge to get away. However, the way the man loomed over him on the landing, he knew it would not be a good idea. The quickness of his movements was proof well enough that Sherlock could easily overtake him. Besides, if he did leave, who was to say the vampire would follow him home to make sure he would come back? As much as he wanted to believe that this arrangement was all a simple solution; John had no inkling that what he said was true and he would turn and harm him. He wasn’t sure if Sherlock was persisting to make good on his word or get him to stay so John wouldn’t change his mind.
The kettle ended its cycle and John began to make himself a cup along with breakfast. True to Mrs. Hudson’s word it had only been one time since he had moved in that she had graced the table with her cooking. He didn’t mind though and soon set himself up a serving of cereal and sat at the table. But one thing she could be counted on was bringing Sherlock’s daily newspaper. It was her everyday religious duty. John glanced at the stories on the front page and frowned went he read over the article concerning the patient, Katherine Carmichael, and the story surrounding her murder. One thing he noticed it left out any mention of the detective.
“That would be where you are wrong. I have knowledge, yes, but I can only put so much knowledge into my mind palace before it is overflowing and about to burst at the seams. I have to clean it out every once and awhile. It’s easier if I already have someone who is with the current times on hand and I can easily pick their brain. You would be most useful.”
“Yeah…yeah I did. Not too bad.”
Holmes wasn’t going to admit that the theory he had was slowly being erased. He hated not knowing. He felt like the common Scotland Yard officers he so blatantly ridiculed for their feeble minds. He simply had to think!
John could hear the slight bitterness in Sherlock's voice. It made him wonder if he had grew up being ridiculed or bullied simply because he was different.
“What the hell?” He breathed out.
The coroner flicked a hand towards Anderson, sharply telling his assistant to get back to work and the man scurried off at his command. Hooper came to the table of the chained corpse, opposite of the side of the detective, knowingly putting distance between the two of them.
"No relation?!"
“You kidnapped me off the street!,” He huffed. “Forgive me for wanting to arm myself against a possible psychopath that may intend to kill me!”
“Sherlock? If you’re in there I have blood for you.”
"Didn't look like it."
The first ambulances arrived and it was just as John suspected. Bloodied citizens, that had no inkling that this would be where they would end up, came in through the doors. Screaming, crying, saying a last prayer to God that they would make it. He had heard it all before
“No.”
"There is another camera on the building opposite you. Do you see it?"
theory?”
He thought amused at himself.
“There’s not going to be a tomorrow.”
“I think I’ll be alright. Surely it can’t be that hard to get a vampire to eat?”
“Thanks.”
“Mycroft of course.” John’s thoughts drawled out.
"No… you have got to be shitting me." He breathed to himself.
Their cab ride was a short lived one. The whole time John felt almost embarrassed to look at the detective who seemed as calm as a cucumber. He shook his head. He was going to have to really stop thinking about food analogies if he was going to survive this trip with some amount of dignity. Surely, for all that was holy, this had to be for the case and not for more deviant matters.
"Yea."
“Afraid not,” He shook his head. “It has since been demolished and reconstructed into a housing complex.” The detective stood from his chair. Even though he often liked to indulge in visiting his past life it was better off not to get too caught up in it. It always served as a reminder that he was no longer there. Best to remove himself from the moment.
What event had warranted him such a horrible death? What had happened so long ago to fall not as the hero detective solving crimes, but as the victim? John thought for a moment but his fantasized thoughts came up extremely broad. A number of things could have happened. He could have been randomly attacked or, given his line of work, turned by someone he was pursuing.
"That's not what people normally say."
“I don’t know. I have an odd feeling. A deja vu. Like I’ve been here before, but I can’t have. I never been here. I know I haven’t”
John stepped out of the car and the door shut.
"We'll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o'clock. Sorry – gotta dash. I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary."
"Well, obviously I can, um, straighten things up a bit." The younger man instantly started to try and tidy up.
"John? John Watson?"
“How can I not?” Holmes admitted in hushed tones.
“John. Come along. We’re going out to view the body.” Sherlock’s voice came from the doorway.
John stood from the kitchen table and put his dishes in the sink, making the first move in the tension filled flat. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes follow his every movement.
The air shifted in the room and became heavier and a sudden feeling that he was not alone came like a tickle to the back of his mind. Black dress shoes caught his attention. Following the blood soaked trails upon trousers and dress shirt, John was met with the presence of Sherlock. He hadn’t heard him come in at all. His face no longer held any ill intent as it did before, but a more of a somber expression. At least he looked more aware and in control.
Panic raced through him like a bucket of cold ice water as it dawned on him.
“Of course, Watson. Earl Grey, no sugar, and a splash of milk to taste.” The answer rolling off his tongue as if he knew it all along. John’s mouth gaped at him slightly as he set the mug down beside his plate and seated himself across the table.
Bizarre clothes aside, the woman’s expressive eyes and soft features held no distain that he was a wondering bumbling doctor in lands of the unknown that was more her area.
And right now it seemed that way. As soon as the Inspector left Sherlock bounced in the air like a happy child gifted a new present, twirling around to gather up his coat and scarf.
"Yes, extraordinary. Quite extraordinary."
Sherlock weighed the words he had spoken and listened to them again in his mind like a tape recording. He knew this conversation would happen at some point. He gave a brief look down to the scorched sheep’s stomach in the basin. His project would have to wait another time. He wasn’t really getting anywhere anyway.
“Am I alright? It is
"We don't know a thing about each other; I don't know where we're meeting; I don't even know your name." He started again, trying to spell it out for him to make him see.
“The British government. Practically is the British government. He has eyes all over the country and henchmen to watch the entirety of the nation.”
“Well since my absence from the case, to take care of more
“A long time.”
“Consequently.” Sherlock gritted out was he thrust his sword into the fireplace stand and it hit the floor with forceful thud.
As the boat sailed further and further the fog was becoming denser. These memories had become misguided, corrupt, buried at sea. Jagged rocks littered the shores of an island that threatened to steer the boat to certain doom. Monsters lurked in the darkened waters of the waves. As much as he longed not to visit here he knew he must. No matter how much it disturbed his mind. From the island, papers drifted away from it, carried by the tide. He reached down into the water and retrieved one hoping it may give some sort of relief to his curiosity.
“Then what’s
“Gun in the mouth. A bullet through the brain. Back of the head blown clean off. How could she survive?” The words that came out of the detective’s mouth held confusion.
"PINK!"
it was acquired or
John cleared his throat, fully making sure Sherlock hadn’t forgotten the talk they were just having by getting his attention once more.
Mr. Weasley's voice dropped lower and more solemn."It's best to stick as close to the truth as possible. Your time in the Auror's will not go unnoticed. Like I said you have done us a great service."
“I do not care how you live your life or who you choose to spend your time with, but for all intense and purposes, me being a vampire should be kept silent as the grave. And any carousing of the fairer sex should probably be kept at their place of residence.”
“Did anyone see her leave?” asked Sherlock.
"Couple of biscuits too, if you've got 'em."
"Impossible suicides? Four of them? There's no point sitting at home when there's finally something
John could see his reasoning. What kind of detective would he be if he didn’t have all the pieces of a puzzle so he could see the full picture?
“Don’t mind if we do.”
“Lucky guess.” he shrugged.
Hooper took a long breath and looked down at the body.
Her emerald robes flowed behind her as she rounded her desk to take a seat. It had been nearly 20 years since she had laid eyes on her former student. Though now recently he had made quite a name for himself by chronicling the life of his companion and the shroud of mystery that seemed to follow him wherever he went.
The detective only answered in silence.
“Deformed canines. Fangs, Sherlock. You can say fangs.”
“John.”
John was surprised for once that Sherlock had given any response, especially about his past. And curiosity struck him again to see how far he would get before the vampire brushed him off.
you've got a therapist. Then there's your brother." Sherlock held out his hand beckoning for his phone and John gave it to him without a second thought as if he was under his spell. "Your phone. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player, but you're looking for a flat share. You wouldn't waste money on this. It's a gift, then. There's scratches. Not one, many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn't treat his one luxury item like this, so it's had a previous owner. Next bit's easy. You know it already."
“Oi! What’s all this then? Why does my kitchen smell like burnt haggis?” Mrs. Hudson cut off Sherlock’s wondering daydreaming mind with a shrill of her voice. Probably for the best anyway. Better off to keep his thoughts in check than to say something out of line in front of John. Least of all Mrs. Hudson.
5 years ago.
“I saw her face myself. Afterwards.”
“He had allergies too,” John pointed out as he made his own deductions. “Those dark lines under his eyes are common with people who suffer from them. He probably kept his flat clean to try to combat it, no luck I'm afraid.”
"The name's Sherlock Holmes and the address is two two one B Baker Street." With a click of his cheek and wink of his eye, he turned to Mike.
when your tiny brains can’t wrap themselves around the simplest of cases. Maybe if your head wasn’t so far up Anderson’s skirts his IQ might go up and he may actually know how to do his job.”
“Yes?”
"Sounds nice."
"But think of all the fun we are going to have my dear Watson." A devilish grin glimmered with Sherlock's icy eyes. "Besides you can't go now. You've made such a good first impression."
“Can you not stay the night?” Holmes asked.
“Its Greg. I’ll see you soon. Evening, doc.” With that the Inspector hurried down the stairs and out the door below. Sherlock turned from John making the fluff of his tail swirl around as he headed back to his desk, rearranging papers and filing them in a manila folder.
"Helping me make a point." Sherlock stated in a hushed tone.
.” John thought to himself bitterly. “
“Yes.”
"How d'you know she had a suitcase?" The Inspector asked.
“Sherlock, please…I…”
John was slightly taken aback. First off that this talk was really going to happen and secondly that Sherlock’s vampirism was so…dull. In some ways he was relieved, yet in an odd sense, disappointed. Maybe his thoughts about it all had been too big and too broad. Overshadowing the real picture which that was that, he was ordinary. But his mind still didn't comprehend it all. He needed details.
“Precisely. And who may have returned to the scene of the crime.”
"Hello."
"But they take the poison themselves!" he stopped briefly to peer up at the two men he had left behind. "They chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs. Even you lot couldn't miss them."
“Like what?”
John was surprised that the detective knew exactly what he was thinking. But then again he certainly needed sly talents all his own in order to keep undercover from the rest of the world.
“Oi, sorry mate. Nearly ran you over. Are you next? He may be tied up for a bit.” The man's gruff voice asked John who was standing there like a deer in the headlights.
“A note?” John asked skeptically looking back up to the detective for more insight.
“Let’s not worry about it. Not right now.” Sherlock’s attention drew back over to the wall. “Right now there is a case ahead of us. And I have a feeling that this is more than just a terrorist attack.”
"Thanks."
Sherlock took a deep breath and let it go, trying to remain calm and not too fidgety.
John swallowed thick and ran a hand over his forehead nervously.
John’s mind pondered for a moment. He had been keeping a mental list of what he had seen with his own two eyes regarding the vampire’s powers, so to speak. This is what he knew: Sherlock was remarkably fast, exceedingly strong, could stand sunlight, and from what he could assume never slept. But he was always wondering what otherworldly mannerisms he possessed.
“Really, Lestrade.” Holmes returned back to the comfort of his chair.
Sherlock had stopped long enough to allow lunch. For that John was thankful. However he knew he wasn’t the only one that was hungry. He couldn’t fool him. In the small cafe he saw how the detective’s observant eyes wasn’t concentrating on what kind of people were around them, but only concentrating on the ones that started drinking. He would watch one person consume their drink until another caught his eye and flitted towards them. A nervous twitch had started in his leg causing it bounce up and down underneath the table.
Confused, John looked back towards the man who now appeared to be wrapping things up with his laptop and closing it down.
“You’re standing there gawking like a fish out of water.”
The call of his name made him look around until he saw a burly fellow in a brown suit and tie, newspaper in hand trying to catch up to him. Though not quite the athletic jock of a Quidditch player like John remembered him, he knew the voice of his old friend Mike. Oddly enough still donned his old house colors on his tie of red and yellow.
Well this was certainly news to him. He hadn't expected there to be another besides the elderly woman. Then again maybe it would be better off to have male company instead of her. He wouldn't want to have people talking and giving them the wrong impression or either frightening her half to death if he brought home a lady friend. John cautiously climbed the stairs with effort and came to the landing of the next floor. The door was already open to display a large sitting room with boxes and furniture scattered around in no particular order and with no soul in sight. Hesitantly, he went through the threshold to announce his presence.
is going on?!” John’s sounded at the display.
“That’s alright. I’ll go up and check on him.”
"The police don't consult amateurs." John scoffed and looked at the man beside him.
"Figure out I was a wizard and not a solider or a doctor for that matter? For a while. Took him about two years. He still wonders how the tea makes itself every morning." He scoffed.
“Some sooner than others, uncle of mine.”
"Yes. Oh yes, Mike, sorry, hello." John shook his hand.
Lord, how on earth did he put such a thing into words?! The mere thought that John was not perturbed my his violating act was one thing, but he had turned the tables. John was the one acting as though
“Wait…was that why I didn’t move? When we were in the parking garage?”
“Do I look alright?”
When John first saw this display he had no idea what to make of it. To him it had been a foreign concept. He understood it had to do with how Sherlock solved cases, but wasn’t sure how to make sense of it. Until one day a thought finally struck him. Sherlock had said he had a mind palace filled with information. A skill he perfected in order to do his work. It wasn’t a hodge podge of random things tacked to a wall. What he finally realized was that this was a glimpse into the mind palace itself. This was how Sherlock’s brain worked and it was incredible. John sat down in his chair as he watched Sherlock work from across the room, flitting to and fro, rambling on about certain details.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and continued his way up.
"You know the case Arthur gave me, the detective bloke, I was..watching him, well with him. He invited me to a crime scene since I'm playing this bloody doctor part and the dead body at the crime scene is Dolores Umbridge. For some reason she has credit cards on her saying she is a woman named Jennifer Wilson, but it is her Harry. She has either escaped Azkaban or someone has helped her do it."
“How can you do that?” Asked John.
to ingest it!
"Aren't you gonna put one on?" John asked.
When he arrived he saw that the lobby was still. Too still. Too calm. He knew this feeling and he hated it. It was the quiet before the storm. The retreating wave before the tsunami.
“Less thinking and more swallowing John. Do come on.”
“Very well. I shall see you later this evening.”
He gave a small smile to her but instantly cut to the chase.
John thought this was interesting. He wasn’t the only human living in the building. Why didn’t Sherlock tell him this last night? It certainly would’ve put his mind more at ease if he knew he wasn’t alone. Or perhaps it was more of a matter of Sherlock wanting John to trust him with his life that he had so maliciously set out to change.
December 19th, 1894.
"She was writing 'Rachel'?" The Inspector scoffed.
"You know what it was. You've read the papers." Sherlock hinted at him.
"Let's just say that the Ministry of Magic and the detective were investigating the same case simultaneously and neither of them knew it. Thing is, is that he solved the case in less than a day. We've been trying to solve it for years. He just…knows things."
"I'm here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade."
"Freak's here. Bringing him in."
"Not much." Sherlock took off his gloves and reached into pocket for his mobile phone, typing through the internet to scour for answers.
Sherlock turned in his chair to face him fully, brows bunched together.
Once again he had struck a nerve to the ex-Auror. He ran his tongue along the back of his teeth in frustration. He had a hunch that this detective was going to be a tough nut to crack. He tried to loosen his stiff posture as he asked how, but once more he received no reply from the smirking man as he turned away from him and peered out the window. He was like a common street magician who refused to give up the secrets to his tricks.
“Shut up and drink your tea.”
A telephone number was listed to inquire, he had called, and set a time with an elderly woman. Not that it mattered to him though he would've preferred someone closer to his age, but maybe he needed a change. Something quiet and mundane, like the elderly woman. And who knows maybe she needed a friend too.
He knew the woman meant well and didn't deserve his lashing, but he was so utterly fucking tired of being pitied all the time. It was beginning to be exhausting.
“Yes.”
"I appreciate the help. I really do, but social work? Not exactly my office is it?" John asked.
she was writing Rachel; no other word it can be. Question is: why did she wait until she was dying to write it?" John felt his nerves settle somewhat by Sherlock's words. He had believed the writing on the wall was a name instead of a note. He didn't even seemed concerned that it was burned on the wall than written on a piece of paper or something more normal.
But Sherlock, seeing where his sentence was leading, beat him to the punch .
“After what?”
to be unraveled.
"Doctor Watson, what do you think?"
John thought as he put the bags of blood in the fridge.
“No one will find out. I promise.”
Not only was Sherlock technically murdered and turned into a dark being, he had struggled against his assailant, tried to fight back and get away.
“If I may ask, how old are you?”
"Suppose. I personally have no aversion to the violin. I won't lie there are days where I can be lazy myself, but don't we all."
“Is the hotel still around?”
" John's thoughts warned.
“Then what is keeping you from not going haywire?” It was a question that constantly nagged at the back of John’s mind. How much would be too much for the vampire? His limitations? How much danger would John truly be in if Sherlock did go off the rails?
"Harry its John. We have an emergency."
His mind palace was no Buckingham as John had spoke of before. Certainly no lavish library or expansive university. No if anything it was a mirrored image of the world he was already in. An altered dimension of the confinements of the simple flat. Sure he could open doors to rooms to mazes, hallways and other realities of his own choosing and design. However, the place he was looking for was beyond anything he imagined or kept stored within the palace’s epicenter itself. He was going to have to go deep.
“What was her name, the bride?” Watson joined in, producing his own notebook to make his own findings.
“Then who was that in Limehouse last night?”
“But she can’t have been in two different places at two different times, can she?” The doctor questioned.
“You are always wondering, Watson.” Clipped the detective.
Mike chuckled softly to himself as though he knew the answer to a secret only he knew.
“You cook? Don’t take this the wrong way it just kinda of surprises me. I wouldn’t think you need much use or need for cooking when you are…well,” John cleared his throat. “What I mean to say is I wouldn’t think you would need the skill if you don’t ever have any company.”
"Hello?"
"Is that what?" His voice somehow came out deeper.
"How did you know about Afghanistan?" John asked even though he had only just gotten back from there not three months ago. It irked him that he knew. So far he hadn't seen any evidence that this man was a threat to the magical world. Other than maybe he was a little bit of a prick. The man once again ignored his question and wrapped his scarf around his neck, picking up his mobile and checking it.
“Jesus.” John said under his breath.
“Like someone who’s shot up and they're now on the comedown?”
going on!" He grasped her firmly by the shoulders, planting a quick kiss on her cheek.
Sherlock sighed.
Flabbergasted by the detective's conclusion he pressed on. He had to know the answers to his other accusations.
Had John heard him correctly? Did he just say what he thought he said? Maybe he was losing his hearing early and possibly his mind.
you do it?”
"Come on Mike. Tell me about him?" John asked as he followed Mike down to the hallway of the hospital.
“Pick my brain? So I’m going to be your walking talking medical Wikipedia, is that it?”
Much love, Your Dearly Demented Author
The subtle clack of heels came from the stairs and soon a elderly woman entered the kitchen. She was dressed in a floral blouse and skirt and tucked in her hand was a newspaper.
"No, she was leaving an angry note in German! Of
"I know you done some healing training at St. Mungo's and got your Master Healer's License in Magical Medicine. You practically are a doctor in their world."
"Yes," John heard the door open and footsteps come down the hall, but instead of coming to the sitting room the man entered the kitchen that was behind him. "I trust you had no trouble finding the place. Would you like some tea? I see you'd had a grueling day, job hunting has left you exhausted."
Both of John’s eyebrows rose at his confession and a nervous grin crept onto his face.
The two men shook hands before Sherlock interrupted again.
Sherlock's mind palace shows a glimpse of where his fateful case started.
John’s heart sank.
Sherlock shrugged as he flipped open the paper.
It finally donned on John what this was. It was a welfare check. This relation of Sherlock’s wasn’t just coming in to see who now occupied the vampire’s house but to see if he was being used as a food source. At least it made John feel a little better that he wasn’t the only one that thought he was going to be playing the part of a live in three-squares-a-day meal.
"I'm breaking every rule letting
“Really?,” John mused. “Me assist you? I doubt you would need me.”
arrest brother.
John was taken aback by the offer and made a wary eye to the steps leading up to the extra room. So, he was prepared for him. Better yet what was it in the room that was ‘furnished and stocked’? He tried pushing back images of gruesome devices and bondage that leapt forward in his mind, but he couldn’t help it. That was a vampire’s thing wasn’t it? Blood and sex? At least it was in cheesy films. But what if he simply just had a spare room? A guest room like any other house if one were to expect company.
The ground floor was a total busybody. Officers were going about in plastic coveralls as they were met by the salt-and-peppered haired officer from earlier. Sherlock turned back to John handing a plastic coverall suit and he took it.
"I did. Told Mike this morning that I must be a difficult man to find a flatmate for. Now here he is just after lunch with an old friend, clearly just home from military service in Afghanistan. Wasn't that difficult a leap." He explained as though all of it was common knowledge.
“On whether or not I have…I see. Well, I think you can thank your over obsession with my condition and say yes. And before you ask, no, I’m not showing you my deformed canines.”
“Nothing at all, Mr Holmes. You may leave any time you like.”
"Wait. How does he know I was in the middle east?" John hesitated, looking across to Mike confused, but his rounded friend could only smile smugly.
Despite the request being even somewhat dangerous he knew he needed to do this for Sherlock. Yes, their meeting and living together was altogether strange, but his flatmate had been more than accommodating for him. He had let him live there under good pretenses and had eased his burden in life. This vampire, who had saved his life and always kept himself in check, never really allowed himself to be himself in his own home. It was time to change that.
Flipping more pages he came to the picture of a young man, seemingly late 20's maybe early 30's, with a mop of dark curly hair and a long coat on, walking down a street.
"Ah, Anderson. Here we are again." Sherlock greeted him.
John’s eyebrows rose.
“Didn’t you hear. We’re out. Completely out of blood. Even the other hospitals are out too.”
A single burst of air hit John’s back and he knew the vampire was right behind him at the fridge. He truly did want a beer. But he had also said so hoping his thirsty flatmate would come to his senses and just have some blood to drink. He knew Sherlock. He knew how he liked to be in absolute focus when diving into a case. So why was he denying himself now when John could clearly see it on his face that he wanted more?
"I know I got fat." The man teased.
Except one who stood out among the rest.
"Ah, this must be him. Sher...lock? Who names their kid Sherlock? Not much information on him either. I'm going to have to start from scratch. His only violation has been since he's moved to London about 6 months ago with that one case Mr. Weasley mentioned earlier. Only now they want an investigation." He scoffed to himself and plopped the folder onto the nightstand. He laid back in bed and with a simple wave of his hand the lamp on the nightstand turned itself out. He still wasn't entirely sure if he wanted to do this job. It was muggle watching after all. How exciting could you get? Then again it wouldn't be a hard job. He still thought about ditching it the more he thought about it and going to work as a healer, but there was something….still something that kept nagging, no itching at the back of his mind.
“Are you having any objections?” Sherlock questioned.
John set down his mug on the table beside him.
"Sorry. I'll shut up."
Study of a Pink Lady pt 1
John reached the bottom of the stairs to the landing to see the sitting room in total chaos. Furniture had been toppled over, papers strewn about and two men fighting to the death. Sherlock, a fencing sword in hand and the other man, countering back his attacks, with his umbrella.
'"Let's see if we can find out exactly who you are." he said to himself eager this time to play the role of the detective.
“Good it’s…wait.” John hurriedly followed suit and hung his jacket as well and went after him. “You didn’t need my help you were being a prat! You got me out to fix my shoulder!”
"I play the violin when I'm thinking." He announced as he typed on the keyboard of his laptop, "Sometimes I don't talk for days on end." He stopped suddenly as though a thought struck him. "Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other."
Sherlock left the sitting room and headed straight towards the bathroom, trudging off his soiled clothes as he went. John was left wondering what cryptic answer the detective had meant this time. It was obvious to him that apparently Sherlock was going to cook up some story about how their suspect was now dead, of course dropping off the fact he was the one who had killed him. But what was he going to tell them? That he was murdered in cold blood? Let the Yard run around in circles after some imaginary killer that lead to nowhere except in the minds of both Sherlock and John?
John set his cup down in his saucer with a hard clink. In all the scenarios he could've come back home to it had to be this one. He admitted he thought his life was going to be slow and mundane once out of the army. A quiet little flat, boring job, and do...what exactly? Take up fishing? Stamp collecting? The mere thought made him want keel over. He would die of boredom. Now here he was a crippled doctor taking a flat with a oversized cat detective and a demented landlady who was high. He had always thought about writing. And even his therapist had told him to get a hobby. Write about everything that happened to him. It would help she said. What better way than this?
John knew Sherlock was trying his best to keep himself in check. He had no idea how hard it had to be for him, but he was putting up a strong effort. When John had told of the blood problem a few weeks ago there was only one bag in the fridge. The vampire had rationed it out the best he could, but it had only lasted a little over a week.
He finished with his scarf and made his way down the stairs. This was the first time John had seen the vampire so flustered over words. In the short time he had known him he knew he was sharp witted and knew exactly what he wanted to say. All he could think of was maybe it was an old saying from his day, a way to get ready, to go out. Not unless he thought he took it the wrong way and thought it had a more military feel to the words.
Lestrade nodded turning away from the pair as he radioed on his walkie talkie and giving instructions to the gangly man that John now learned was named Anderson.
Sherlock stopped at the landing of the sitting room and turned back at John.
“A couple of years. There for a while I did not accept any cases involving bloodshed for fear I would give myself away. The chief detective of Scotland Yard at the time thought I was doing it because it brought back memories of a case. One I was working on before I was turned. I never said anything and let him believe that was the truth. Leaving it up to sensitivities.”
"Very well. I'll send out some people. And as for anyone German, no not that I know of but I will look into it."
"It's not obvious to me." The detective stopped his movements and stared at the two men before him, seemingly wondering how on earth they ever made it past primary school.
know about the drinking?!"
Sherlock pointed down at the body, more importantly the back of her legs, where tiny muddied prints could be seen.
“When Sherlock called me up and said he was going to need certain security cameras within Barts Hospital temporarily shut down tonight I became….concerned.” Mycroft stated as they drove off. “I’ve been too lax on him lately, I’m afraid. And when I saw on the CCTV footage of Baker Street that you were entering and exiting the premises the past week, well, forgive me in saying I was worried he had fallen off the wagon. Terms I don’t put lightly.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock turned to meet his confused expression.
John remembered what Sherlock had said, that he could easily smell who had a wound. But would a starving vampire notice any difference between the smell of John handling blood bags and his own
If Sherlock’s heart could still beat he would’ve felt something akin to panic that his plan was going south. He hadn’t anticipated this outcome. He thought his plan had been flawless to the ’T’, but once again there had been an element of surprise from his guest. And he should’ve known better. He watched as the doctor made his hasty retreat towards the door and he scanned him quickly to think of something, anything to make him stay.
The man didn't miss a beat as he went on to his next question for John.
“Have you ever…done that?”
Holmes thought to himself as his imagined artwork had turned into nothing but a child’s scribbling.
The following day came much sooner than John had anticipated. Or it could've been the fact it was another sleepless night for the wizard. Images of a ruined besieged castle and fallen classmates had plagued his dreams. Reliving nightmares that he would rather not think about, even better if he could forget.
"Why don't you sleep on it. There's a flat set up a couple blocks away from the hospital. One you can stay at. Why don't you take this with you and call on me tomorrow or some time this week."
He didn't understand how this muggle was so pin point about his conclusions on some, yet totally out of the ball park on others. If he could pick up on John's cover story, how did he not see that Umbridge never came from Cardiff? Or did she and John not see?
John's cup only managed to get halfway to his mouth before he let the speech over power him with astonishment. Sherlock had turned away from him now, not even waiting for John's reaction since he had stripped him raw, but it was all the truth. The other candidates couldn't handle his blunt to the point reasoning. They had all either left in a huff, cursing his name to whatever God above, some to fits of tears. It was only a matter of time before he started and…
"Will you come?"
“I haven’t bit him!”
Sherlock's lips upturned in smile and lead the way down the stairs and John followed. Out by the curbside they hailed a cab and soon they were on their way.
Just as he was about to leave he glanced at the window once more and this time saw something quite different. The heat of the unit played on the window its warm air bringing a fog upon the glass. As the cloudiness crept farther up it began to reveal its own hidden secrets.
“If it ensures your safety, then yes.”
“Quite alright. We were finished all the same. I’ve been called out. Lestrade wants me to take a look at a crime scene.”
“Because, that’s my job.”
Holmes immediately turned his face towards the Inspector at his words.
Sherlock blinked away his trance as soon as John spoke and removed his fingers from his mouth, settling them on the arms of his chair.
John's brows bunched together in confusion.
"Just you and me now Mr. Watson. Come along and I'll show you down to the artifact room and we will get you geared up. I've been doing all kinds of odds an ends jobs since they have practically made me director over this whole floor. My job is to look after muggle affairs." Mr. Weasley
"Why would he do that?"
And like magic a black car pulled up by the curbside and its driver opening the rear door, waiting for him.
The tender spoken call of his first name caught Watson’s attention towards his companion. But Holmes did not look at him as such. Nor as a colleague or any professional manner. Shadows softened his features making him appear even younger in years and in the cover of the night gave him the faintest of smiles. His touch upon his hand had no firmness to it but only a delicate grasp. It was in these rare moments he looked to him as a lover. One he could only reveal in secret when the call of the heart came to him in their now scarce times together. Watson knew what he wanted, what he needed, and he knew exactly what to do to quell the the great mind that sat in earnest waiting for him. Leaning forward the doctor placed a parting kiss on the detective’s lips.
“Come along John. We’re done here.”
," Sherlock shot back as he slinked past them both of them before adding in one final hit. "I'm sure Sally came round for a nice little chat, and just happened to stay over. And I assume she scrubbed your floors, going by the state of her knees."
“I trust whatever you get. Anything would be great.”
"Quite clear. And is your wife away for long?"
"Upstairs." Lestrade replied.
“First off my being able to walk in sunlight is limited to be honest. The more sated in blood I am I can be fully functional and can move freely in it. However, the longer I go without, the more susceptible I am to sunburn. In those instances I have to go out by the cover of night. I am not sure if there is a physical reason for this or even supernatural. The rest you have observed for your own eyes.”
Chapter 9
"Well?"
Ah, this place made more sense now. This wasn’t just some snooty club for the rich and powerful. This was a secret meeting place for Sherlock and Mycroft away from government eyes and eavesdropping ears. Whatever Sherlock couldn’t acquire from Scotland Yard he would come here to get it from Mycroft. Of course, he
Study of Pink part 2
“Dear God, what ludicrous notions! No, I have none of those traits. At least none that I have ever exhibited.”
"And this detective's investigation?" John questioned.
"Oh yes. Dreadful business... What is it you do again dear?"
“It makes little difference to me. All I care about is the work. Problems, puzzles, cyphers they are what interest me. Not making a name for myself.”
"May need longer."
The detective had said it with such a calm demeanor and with such purpose that John latched onto his every word. Until he repeated what the man had just said in his mind. A…vampire? John’s brows furrowed and could see that this man meant every word he said. There was no lingering joke held over him that he was going to suddenly start laughing or cut up and say he was teasing.
“I’m sure. Are you here...because you live here or against your will? He hasn’t bothered you has he?”
“I believe so. She seems content.”
When John’s shift ended later that night he a made trip to he lower levels of the hospital. One thing he was grateful for, now that most of the day shift was on their way home, there was very few people around during the night. If he planned this all right he could easily slip in and slip out without anyone really paying attention or noticing him. Though one other thing he didn’t expect was getting lost. He had only acquired his job about two months ago and he still had yet to visit the laboratories the inhabited the basement. In some ways it gave him an eerie feeling. With no people around the lifeless hallways were numerous and vast. As though he was entering a maze and he wasn’t exactly sure where the exit was. And adding to the creepiness of it abandoned beds and gurneys were parked along the walls with unused medical equipment as their bedside furniture.
At that he opened a door and both entered a room cluttered with different assortments of muggle items and gadgetry from top to bottom. There was hardly any room to step or form a clear a path. Some gadgets were from older decades like a record player or even a pinball machine and some more modern like an iPhone.
“And John, no. They don’t know. Except for Lestrade. And I would like to keep it that way if you don’t mind. I’ve been keeping this secret from them the past couple of years.”
“It’s for everyone’s safety.”
Sherlock threw his hands up in the air in exasperation.
“I thought you had already went over that with Lestrade?” John asked looking towards Sherlock.
Mrs. Hudson gave a disgusted look to the contents of the basin sitting on the kitchen table.
Holmes and Watson are beginning their investigation of the mysterious undead bride in Sherlock's memory from 1894.
want more. Do you understand now?”
The detective’s eyes widened at John’s proposal and the doctor could’ve swore he saw him flinch back at the idea.
Mr. Weasley looked to John somewhat confused, scratching his head till it donned on him.
Making a glance towards the table there sat a singular setting of the steaming hot breakfast and condiments to compliment it. The act struck a chord in John’s heart and once again he was feeling guilt. Here he had been thinking the worst of him and the vampire had actually put forth the effort to make some sort of peace offering. He stepped in and took a seat at the table, watching as Sherlock bustled around the tiny kitchen in preparation for the morning tea.
"Not your housekeeper!" her voice now resonated going down the stairs.
John’s thoughts tried to rationalize with him. But the more he said it to himself, the less confident he became.
"Well, you know what
Sherlock watched as John readied himself for work and slip out of the flat. He was safe now. At least John was from him. He hated to admit any type of weakness, but he was thankful that the doctor would be gone for the next twelve hours. Sherlock let go the arms of his chair that now had firm impressions in the leather from the death grip he had held upon it. Striding over to the draped curtains he pulled back the corner just a crack, enough to see John exit 221B and onto the pavement.
John agreed to his offer and Sherlock started preparing the kettle. The miasmic air that had once been ghosting between them was starting to clear. It was a break through. Communication. If they wanted this arrangement to work, wanted living together to work, they were both going to have to come to a mutual understanding of one another.
"That's not what people normally say."
The doctor’s face perked up with intrigue.
"You think so?" Sherlock asked treading on uncharted waters.
Sherlock whipped his head around to her sudden outburst, but looking over her shoulder to John’s horrified face he knew the damage had been done. He was out.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock seemed to sense this conflict within John. He had not taken on any more cases for the time being. Opting as well to stay in and work on more menial tasks. But in their quiet day to day interactions he had taken the doctor’s well being into factor. He made sure not to startle him while he was around or move too fast for his eye to see. Anything and every action he did was carefully calculated so he did not bring John stress or ill feeling. He simply had to give him time.
"Sorry Harry. Didn't hear you come out." He stood with the help of his cane and limped into the office of Harry Potter and took a seat. Harry came around and sat at his desk shuffling through his paper work. John wasn't sure if he was looking for something in particular or if he was just biding his time and beating around the bush so he wouldn't have to tell him he was no longer needed. He could read it in his face with the anticipation and the nervousness.
John watched him with interest. He had saw his skills last night and was curious to put them to the test again. There would be no way Sherlock could narrow down how someone took their tea and wondered if he could stump him.
Sherlock’s gaze drifted off as he thought for a moment.
"Ah, Molly, coffee. Thank you."
The door to 221B opened and the two men were greeted by an older lady clad in a dark purple dress with a bubbly smile on her face. Her arms outstretched and hugged the detective briefly.
detective.”
“Good God.” The words escaped from John’s lips.
“So you do cook?” He picked up his fork, taking the first bite of food.
" 'Piss off'!" Sherlock looked towards John and gave off a small smile before returning his attention out the window.
“A beer would be fine.”
"Oh, for God's sake, if you're just making this up ..." Lestrade scoffed.
Sherlock turned to him and took a brief look before continuing his attention towards his phone.
The imbecile in question was the coroner’s assistant, Anderson, as he neared the detective.
"Uh, no. No. Not hard to find at all. Tea would be lovely. Nice area, this flat. Must be expensive though?"
John could definitely tell he was not fine. He slid his hand across the table and grasped the detective’s.
"Sorry?"
“Oh don’t let your soldier's courage wane now,” Sherlock smiled teasingly. “The fun is just now starting.”
John took a brief look down to assess his clothes. He wasn’t exactly sure if he needed to be more dressed up or play it casual. It had been a good long while since he had stepped into a club. Way before his army days.
Indeed.” Hooper lowered the hand back onto the table. “There’s one other thing. It wasn’t there earlier.
“Right. Um, thanks.” He gave a quick smile and looked away out the widow, unable to look the detective in the face without feeling slightly embarrassed about his reaction. Though that didn’t matter. In the reflection of the glass he caught sight of Sherlock’s face looking thoroughly smug and even pleased.
The doctor gave one last kiss before pulling away.
“Not yet. These are deep waters, Watson.
“Fuck.” He swore under his breath.
this place?” John whispered harshly into the detective’s ear.
John’s ears perked at the question. Sherlock had already mentioned him to this Inspector? Of course he did. Not only would he have to approve a civilian coming to a crime scene, but this seemed as though it was just Sherlock’s nature to anticipate the future.
“You mean if he needs to have a leash put on him?”
“What’s buzzing around in your mind tonight? I know you are only half interested in the television as its been on that preposterous show with the doctor that flies around in the box. Also seventy percent of your focus has been on my book shelf and not even engrossed in that electronic contraption.” Sherlock’s voice brought John out of his own thoughts.
It didn’t occur to him that Sherlock’s attack had been deliberate and not an act of crazed violence. Or even blood lust for that matter. He had came in to rescue him.
Their daily routine thus far had been the same. They woke, they dressed, breakfasted, and if the Felisian had a client come to the door he would ask John if they could have the sitting room to themselves, leaving John to either scurry upstairs to his own room or take a walk. But he understood. It was where he conducted his business by taking on private cases or consulting with the Yard. After all Sherlock moved in first. The ad did say he had to be flexible and he was desperate for a room. And he had yet to find a willing job.
Sherlock took the clipboard hanging from the cart and flipped through its pages.
However, the man lost the match right at that second. In movements faster than John could see Sherlock plucked the umbrella out of the man’s grasp with his sword. It flew like a spear towards Sherlock as he caught it with ease and kicked back the man onto the sofa, his sword leveled at his throat. John all but gaped at the scene before him.
"…HELLO!" Came Mr. Weasley's voice as he shouted into the line as John jerked the phone back from his face.
“Felisian's by law are not allowed to take up jobs that require warfare or in criminal justice. It is very hard to even gain a higher level paying job compared to humans. That is why we are the minority. Why we are usually called criminals, savages, thieves and basically the scum of the earth. We are looked at more like animals than a person with a soul.”
“Will they even allow me there? Me being a civilian? Don’t they have forensic teams?”
“What have we here?” Sherlock produced a penlight and shined it into the woman’s mouth. His gloved fingers prodded the inside and carefully withdrew a rock.
"You said I had a therapist."
“If it’s reading minds, no John, I can not. And no I do not know.”
"You're a doctor. In fact you're an Army doctor." He stated fixing at putting on his gloves.
“Rest assured I know exactly what that feels like. To feel concreted to the earth in paralyzing fear, unable to move, unable to think of what to do next because you don’t know which breath will be your last. I did not bring you here to do that to you. I brought you here to ask you to be my flatmate. Ease the burden of your everyday life. All I ask is an exchange.”
“You mean like Devil worshipers or something?” The gangly man sneered down at Sherlock.
"I understand, dear; I've got a hip." She made turn to leave again.
But he couldn’t help and remember their first night and Sherlock’s stern warning. Not to enter his room no matter what. Along with his intense stare this morning John knew he should know better. Respect his privacy and whatever internal battle Sherlock was engaging with himself to keep him on the side of sanity. Who knows, maybe this was how he dealt with situations such as these long before. He let go of the handle.
"Please by all means drink your tea. It shall be lengthy. All I did was observe. When I saw you walking down the street towards the flat I noticed you were tanned, though nothing above the wrist. You've been abroad. Your hair cut suggests military. You have steady hands, you are acclimatized to violence, even now when you thought your very life was in danger over a cup of tea. The smell of antiseptic when you entered the room gives away that you have been to a clinic or hospital recently. Not for your own medical purposes even though your limp is psychosomatic. Please fire your therapist. Therefore you've been job hunting. Not going successful by the way. I saw your application paper that you stuck into your coat pocket when you reached the door. Perhaps the place you where just at wasn't keen on a doctor with a cane. You would go to your brother for help, but you don't approve of his drinking. Your phone in your pocket is expensive yet you are looking for a flat share. You wouldn't waste money on that. So must be borrowed. The scratches on the outlet suggests a drinking problem. Never see a sober man with them, never see a drunks without them."
"Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much."
"Of course she's not. She's from out of town, though. Intended to stay in London for one night ..." Sherlock's attention was still to his phone before his face lit up "... before returning home to Cardiff." He shoved his phone in his pocket and returned his attention back to the Inspector.
, yes." John answered fervently.
"Did I get anything wrong?" Sherlock asked curiously.
Something dropped in the bottom of John's stomach at his confession. He had just given a vampire a new fix. And it looked like he was already highly addicted.
"You've got a psychosomatic limp, of
"I'm ... I'm nobody. I just met him." There was no point in telling her who he was. Another face on the street. That's all he would be in a few hours.
"No."
Sherlock sauntered over to the window and peered down to the street below. Watching people from above he could tell anyone their own darkest secrets. Politician having an affair, an accountant laundering money, a nurse that has been falsifying documents. He had seen them walk the street before. None of them new to him. The usual crowd. Dull. Lifeless. Predictable.
It did not take long for John to realize that his new flatmate was territorial. He had been there no less than a week when he observed strange behavior coming from the Felisian. It had to be the unconscious instinct of Sherlock's kind that wanted to prove that it was more dominating than their human counter part. He assumed it had to do with the fact they were both male and Sherlock simply wanted to be alpha in the sense.
“What was your favorite food?”
John hid away a suppressed laugh from Sherlock’s comment, but the detective’s dark gaze landed on him.
"We've only just met and we're gonna go and look at a flat?" John asked skeptically.
“There are two ‘features of interest,’ as you are always saying in Doctor Watson’s stories.”
Well this wouldn’t do. Two positive identifications by two separate people, even the one who had picked her up to drive her to her next destination. That didn’t add up.
“Hello?”
He sighed rubbing a hand over his face. Deep down he knew he was finished.
"Quite alright. Its all the way upstairs I hope that won't be a problem. It's the last room I have. The poor man he's been needing a flat mate for quite a while now and…" dropping down her voice low that even John strained to hear her when she added "too prideful to ask his brother for help if you want my opinion."
“Oh no, no, no! That's not..” Sherlock’s voice answered as he appeared on the other side of the man eyeing John for a moment. His ears were pert but then one ear flanked out to the side as if he was asking his own internal question.
"Well, he won't be your assistant." The Inspector pressed, clearly wanting to win Sherlock over.
"Thank you."
“What flat?” Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. “I had the liberty of moving in your things while you was at work today and your lease terminated.”
"It means when the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me."
“Please John don’t be dull. I can practically hear the grinding gears of your thoughts. No, I didn’t kill him. He was abusing and exploiting her. She said she would give me all the information on her husband’s drug cartel if she could live out the rest of her life peacefully. And now she does under my employment.” He folded back up his newspaper to its original state and set it on the table.
After the failed stake out John learns more of Sherlock's vampire qualities.
Sherlock made a bee line for his room leaving John sitting at the table in a state of shock.
"Which was it – Afghanistan or Iraq?" The man repeated, still typing away. The man briefly raised his eyes to John's. His cold blue eyes meeting his for that split second before flitting back to the phone made him feel like he got struck by lightening and it rather shocked him before he realized the detective's question.
Hello Lovelies! So happy to get another chapter up and going and glad there are a few of you out there enjoying it! I know I am along the way as I write and am having as much fun sharing it. As always I am just doing this for fun and because it is a hobby of mine but feel free to comment if you like! I will see you all next time as I am already working on chapter three as we speak.
Sherlock's face contorted into a quirky expression when he stated it was for men.
Hello dear readers. Sorry its taken me a while to update this. In all honesty I had only one chapter created up  in my head and didn't really think this would go anywhere. But I had some bits and pieces of future chapters scribbled down and decided to continue it. Though now I'm trying to map out the story to see where it does go. Because I'm not sure if I want this to have a more whimsical feel to it. Or perhaps a more darker mood. Or both. Either way I have ideas popping up in my head and they are sounding very interesting.
“Where are we going?” Watson asked as he stood from his chair, eager to follow the detective.
"Yeah."
“For heaven’s sake how long is it going to take for them to show up?” He huffed.
Though there was one look that had cracked the sleuth’s lens in his search. What was it about the rock that had casted such fear in his eyes? Sherlock may have been a master at keeping himself controlled in high strung cases and learning to foresee the suspect’s next move, but how many times had he been caught off guard? If John had to guess it had to be slim to none. And Sherlock’s mentioning of the occult made him wonder if the rock had a deeper meaning.
Obvious? Red flags were beginning to raise in John's mind curious of what other conclusion the muggle had come to. Hopefully none concerning the fact this wasn't Jennifer Wilson at all. John dreaded to ask his own question.
“So what do we have on today?” John asked as he nibbled at his toast.
"How do you feel about the violin?"
Sherlock watched as John’s face turned from borderline paranoid panic to pure awe. He was amused himself of his expression. Often, more than often, the people he encountered were put off by his bold statements. Leaning toward more the irritated side to the point where they could easily tell him to ‘fuck off’ in this day in age. However, John’s face held the truth to his inner most thoughts like an open book.
“Hat and boots? Did I miss something?”
"Dear God, what is it like in your funny little brains? It must be so boring." In one swift turn he went back to the body. "Her coat: it's slightly damp. She's been in heavy rain in the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp, too. She's turned it up against the wind. She's got an umbrella in her left-hand pocket but it's dry and unused: not just wind,
“Yes.”
"Oh no. I ensured it. Do you take cream or sugar?"
"I was invited."
“How did I get here?” John wondered as his hand brushed against his head trying to sooth the mild pain radiating there. “I knew I was tired but I would certainly remember if I went to my own flat. Let alone someone else’s. Wait…no. I didn’t I was on the street and..”
He had done it. Well, more like it was going according to plan. Since John had put himself on the top of the list of the vampire’s donated blood supply everything was back to normal. Actually better than normal. In just a day Sherlock’s deteriorating appearance had disappeared and was replaced with one of outstanding health. It was such a startling turnaround that John noticed he even had a pep in his step. In fact the doctor had awoke to find the detective humming and whistling a tune as he made the morning tea for him.
"No, no." John tried to defend.
“Oh it’s nothing.” Sherlock gave a mere shrug of his shoulders.
His thoughts burned bitter within him.
"What about you? Just staying in town 'til you get yourself sorted?"
"I'm supposed to be helping you pay the rent." John's voice lowered to match his.
“You may have caught a slight inhalation of it. Otherwise you were perfectly conscious.”
“If that’s as close to an apology as I’ll ever get, then I’ll take it.” He paused for a moment. “But I don’t regret it. I’ll admit I was bloody terrified that night. I didn’t know if I was going to live or die. But after the war I was living such a mundane life. And then I realized that was killing me more than this was. And in the end I gained a friend.”
“How did it happen?”
“Why do I have a feeling there’s more?”
“It’s alright. I still have a little left to tide me over. You can try again tomorrow.” He said with the wave of his hand, dismissing the whole crisis.
John didn’t go up right away but instead knocked on the door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He needed to know. And with her ears for gossip, as she always mentioned she did when she played cards with Mrs. Turner, the neighbor, she would know if Sherlock had been up and about today. The elderly woman opened up with a smile on her face when she saw the doctor.
For the first time John felt comfortably at ease with the vampire and cracked a smile of his own. He didn’t feel like he was being drug around simply for Sherlock’s sheer will or entertainment, but as a companion. Sherlock was the detective and he was his flatmate assisting in his medical expertise, nothing more, nothing less.
"So it would seem. Were you ever concerned that he would figure out that you were…well.." She gestured a hand to him.
“Oh come on.” John pointed near his mouth “You know.”
His cane that was now a contents reminder of why he couldn't return to the field. What was an Auror in hot pursuit of a dark witch or wizard if they were gimping along with a cane?
Alright, so it certainly wasn’t a strip club, much to John’s relief. If not a strip club, then what exactly was this place? A club where no talking was allowed, prominent men came to gather, and no one seemed to socialize. Good God, what if this was a cult? It seemed to hit the creepiness level right on the head. Even the detective seemed to know the rules of the establishment as Sherlock gave off a series of hand gestures resembling sign language to the clerk at the desk.
John stared at Sherlock as if he had just said ‘the sky was falling’. A relation? As in…family? John’s head was having a hard time wrapping itself around the construct.
“There is a room upstairs already furnished and fully stocked in whatever you need.”
The door opened and a woman clad in a deep purple dress with long sleeves, brown hair greying along the edges of her ears, presented herself.
“No problem. I’m Molly by the way.”
“No, nothing. Only thing they have listed is that she tried to commit suicide twice already. Hence why the drapes, blankets and pillows are missing. She tried to cut off her airway with them.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Dear God, the thought had never came to his mind to ask. Or should he have asked? Was one type better than the other? As if asking was somehow learning one’s preference to Chinese than to pasta. How the hell was he supposed to know what Sherlock’s preferred blood type was. Then again Sherlock said he needed blood. He never mentioned a type. He had a feeling that if he needed to know he would’ve said something by now.
“Questions?,” John scoffed and an eyebrow lifted in skepticism. “You kidnapped me to ask me questions? Why didn’t you just ask me before all of this? Like a normal person.”
"Oh, John! I'm so sorry! Still trying to get use to these things.… I'M NOT SHOUTING AT ANYONE MOLLY! OF COURSE I KNOW THERE IS NO ONE OUT HERE! IT'S…IT'S oh bloody hell I'M JUST DOING…SOMETHING I'LL BE IN, IN A MINUTE! I'm sorry John." John held the phone away again till it was safe to put back to his ear.
This time a smile of anxious curiosity spread across John’s lips.
“Would you like me to make you some more tea? Or perhaps a beer would be more to your taste?” Sherlock asked from the sitting room.
John thought in realization.
"So is Sergeant Donovan."
“If you say so.”
“Yes.” Sherlock waved a hand at him to shoo John along. “And for your company I’ll even bring back that Chinese dish you are fond of.”
John watched the man leave and Sherlock strode to the door all but giving it a firm slam shut.
Lestrade opened his small pad of paper to look over his notes once more.
"You've no idea!" Mike chuckled at their own inside joke.
Satisfied with the answer Sherlock continued on to the main hallway. He instantly spied a cleaning cart and quickly approached it.
“What?” John asked, his interest now piqued.
“Bested you in less than eight minutes. You’re getting old Mycroft.”
“Now you see. There are even ghosts in your past that define your every sunny day. When mine is more literal in the sense. Besides my story is not one that can be easily told over the breakfast table just like yours isn’t.”
“Is he always this morbid?” Mycroft addressed Sherlock.
The evening had set and he found himself lost in thought as he reclined in his armchair. A random cup of steaming tea had mysteriously made home beside him on the table along with a note. Most likely the land lady's doings. She was always wondering about. Turning up at inconvenient times here and there.
"Anything interesting?"
"Why?"
“For heaven’s sake John its not like asking your neighbor to lend a cup of sugar. My identity is a heavily guarded secret. Not even his own secretary knows what I am.”
"I'm not implying
“Well it’s certainly very Jack the Ripper. She’s been hacked to death. There’s two puncture marks on her inner elbow she may have been drugged and taken. Every joint has been dismembered but all the cuts have been made in locations for easy amputation. Could be someone with medical knowledge of that sort of thing, but they are all jagged. Probably done with a saw. Done in a hurry. She looks extremely emaciated.”
“Not the housekeeper.” Sherlock and John said in unison and smiled at one another.
“Yes. This is Dr. John Watson. He is assisting me tonight. John this is Lestrade.” Sherlock introduced him to the Inspector and they shook hands.
"But I am an old friend of yours that you are showing around the hospital." John quipped in.
“Tell that to her husband. He’s under a sheet over there.” The man pointed to the second body across the room.
“Your gift of silence speaks volumes, Watson. What are your thoughts? Or are you feeling the same as Lestrade?” John peered over at Sherlock who was now looking at him with interest.
The detective rose up out of his chair in a instant and drew to the other side of the room. The portrait of the gruesome tale was almost complete. Just minor strokes to the canvas now. Then he would be able to see the masterpiece.
“Doctor Hooper,” The Inspector chided. “I asked Mr. Holmes to come here. Co-operate. That’s an order.”
"I'll leave you two to it, if you don't mind me going back upstairs." Harry looked to the two of them.
“That is for our own private affairs. I am purely speaking within the flat itself.”
Sherlock had a point. His excellent deduction methods had laid out his life before him, rooting down to his deepest secrets. John had to give him that. He was a master of his profession, one he carried with the highest regard and one could see the pride gleaming in his eyes as he performed his work. He had no idea how in depth his skills were, but if John had to guess he had it down to a craft. This man didn’t merely play a guessing game to see if John would become his flat mate. He knew he would. He strategized it the moment he laid eyes on him to probably even down to the very conversation they were having now.
“Of course,” Sherlock could hear this uneasiness in John’s voice. “You don’t even have to interact with me if you so choose. All I require is blood. Nothing more.”
"Yoo hoo," Called Mrs. Hudson from the doorway. "How's everything getting on?"
A grin donned Sherlock’s lips and he handed Lestrade the clipboard.
This would be the second time in one evening that John had witnessed fear lace the detective’s eyes. What could a rock do to put him in such a state of vulnerability? As soon as fear came it had dissipated. He looked up to see the Inspector heading in their direction along with a gangly man who was wearing a blue zipped up plastic suit.
John sighed and dropped his gaze.
“My what?” John asked in a authoritative voice. This was no longer the kind meek doctor. The solider had come out to play.
Holmes let them continue their banter in as he took out a small magnifying glass to take a better look at the subject in question. There couldn’t be without a doubt that this was all staged. A singular plot of a woman scorned who could not take the trials of her married life. So, in doing so, ended it. But she must’ve paid someone, a confidant of the whole plan, to dress up as her to take her husband to the grave. Simple as that. They just needed to find the accomplice. No such things as ghosts.
"Muggle watching. Who would have thought I would be muggle watching."
The room became utterly quiet from the level of shock. Not just from the fact they had learned that the man they had regularly seen for years was of the feline race, but of the fire of his words towards the woman he openly admitted was having relations with the man on the  forensic’s team.
"Oh, don't worry; there's all sorts round here.," then her voice dropped down to a hushed whisper "Mrs. Turner next door's got married ones."
John paused in his motion towards the staircase and turned back to the detective. John hated to admit it but he had enjoyed his evening out with Sherlock. Despite the fact the victim had ended up dead. In their time together John had seen a glimpse of Sherlock’s world. He had moved through the crime scene snatching clues as if the had hovered in the air right before his eyes. Connecting dot to dot following a line only he could see amongst the chaos.
“Come in John.” His voice beckoned him in and John timidly left his post by the door and entered the domain.
John took a sip of his tea as he divulged this new information.
A quick smile appeared and disappeared as fast as it came on John's face as his cane clinked down the pavement. He shook his head at the thoughts he had, had over the past couple of hours. He barely glanced at the people passing by as he blended in so easily to them. For all his time at school and his time as an Auror he always had to hide from the world like he was some sort of strange creature being a muggle. John was always caught up in either side, the magical world or the other. Sometimes it was hard trying to keep up the appearance of a full blooded or even half-blooded wizard when he wasn't one. Though that was how he survived in school. He knew if he didn't want to get bullied or teased he would have to pretend to be one of them and they never really knew his true identity save one. This was one of the main reasons The Muggle Relations Office preferred employees who were muggle born in their line of work. They didn't have to force their character, they could think like them unlike those who weren't, they could just be them. John could be himself. For once he could just walk through life as though he was a muggle.
"I'll keep it mind. I am meeting him at 7pm tomorrow at 221B Baker St. I'll fill you in more from there."
The man turned to him. His face blank of all emotion or even a surprised thought that a stranger had seemingly stalked him.
Sherlock reappeared by the kitchen entrance again. This time in a long black coat and blue scarf draped around his neck.
Hello dear readers. I'm sorry I have been away for so long. I had to take a small hiatus for my own mental well being and to try and enjoy time with family over the summer. But now that things have calmed down I'm ready to get back into writing and continue on with this story. Now originally I had Chapters 9 and 10 already written back in April but I just saved them on my computer almost finished and never went back to it till now. I promise it's not going to go away anytime soon. I actually have this story mapped out to nearly 20+ chapters so far. So I'm not done yet!
“What?” asked Sherlock.
“What the
“Oh for Christ’s sake, I kissed you! Does that satisfy you?!”
“I was wondering…”
“Alright, I suppose.”
Though it didn’t stop John from being curious about his new flat mate. He defied certain vampire myths which now nagged in the back of his mind wondering what was true and what was not. Were there more vampires like him roaming around the city completely unnoticed and unaware by everyday people? Or was he a rare commodity? From what he could gather in his own observations the sunlight seemingly had no effect on him. He could move silently and swiftly if he wanted to, but only did so on occasions about the flat. Blood was what gave him his renewed youthful appearance but not once had John seen him consume it. In ways he was grateful, but secretly he was finding himself fascinated in seeing Sherlock’s true dark being. He mulled over all these things his entire shift.
"Wait, then how did he do it? How did he solve a case of ours in less than a day? Without any help? Let alone any help from us?"
“There,” Lestrade pointed out to the set up lights in the field. “Help yourself. I’m sorry, but I’ve seen her more than I care too in one sitting. I’m sure you boys don’t need me to take you down there.”
“What?”
The rest of the cab ride was in silence from Sherlock’s own personal confession. In some ways John could understand how Sherlock felt. He had felt those same feelings while he was deployed. Away from family, living in a land different than your own, and not even sure if you would see home again. Sure it was a culture shock and one got used to it after awhile, but to constantly do it for years even decades sounded unfathomable. He was 37 and the younger generation now seemed strange to him. What would he feel like once he was 60? 70? Only time could tell.
“Of course, of course. Don’t let me get in the way of your health. I just thought…” Sherlock’s eyes drifted away in thought for the briefest of seconds. However, before he could finish his sentence they returned back to the eye piece of his microscope to the task at hand. “…oh never mind.”
“Hopefully something will come up. They’ll probably just get some transferred somewhere else.” Molly grabbed her bag from her own locker and bid John good night, leaving him in the wake of his new predicament.
He wasn’t use to such flattering remarks. The only courtesy he ever got on dates long ago was that he was either kind or funny. It didn’t really matter back then as all his romantic entanglements usually ended up at one place and that was the bedroom. Afterwards they soon dissipated and he would be back on the prowl for another conquest. However, in all of his relationships he had never been called handsome or good looking. But dashing? Seemed a bit of an old term, but he found that it swelled his heart with a new flame.
“Poetry or truth?” The detective inquired.
“We’re out,” John continued. “The terrorist attack…there was a lot of people hurt. We’ve used up our supply. The surrounding hospitals have too. I’m not sure when we will have enough that I can bring home a bag or two extra that they won’t miss. I hate to say it but you may have to call Mycroft.”
a mistake. Get on to Cardiff: find out who Jennifer Wilson's family and friends were. Find Rachel!"
"Me too." John picked up cup of tea and took a drink. "But I wouldn't trade one moment. There have been times where it has been raving bonkers but I think that's what has made our time together special."
“There’s nothing to tell. Its all irrelevant.” Sherlock began to busy himself again. Anything to occupy, even deter John off the course in the new strain of conversation.
John was grateful she didn't delve any more on the topic and decided to have a seat in ruby armchair, plumping the pillow that nestled in its wake. He had hoped to have a moment alone with the strange muggle. Ever since the night before he had met him he had an itching desire to figure out how exactly this man had solved the Auror's case. Even if it was breaching the secrecy of their world. But what really made him curious of him was how he broke down his "cover", one that was made up no less, and come to the conclusions he had. Either way he had to get to the bottom of it and he wanted to do it fast before he had a chance to set up a permanent residence at the detective's flat. No need of staying any longer than necessary.
Settled in the cab Sherlock withdrew his phone from his coat and busied himself. John peered over at him and the wall Sherlock had made for himself; his expressionless face decorated him like a mask. A hard and subtle way of saying he did not want to be talked to or noticed. But John had other plans. He wasn’t going to let one misunderstanding ruin a possible interesting evening.
"So John, how have you been?"
“Oh. I meant..I thought that you would be…the kiss.”
“Like who planted the bomb?” John said as he was catching on to Sherlock’s plan.
John nodded.
“It can’t have been. She was dead. She was here.”
The sound of hurried footsteps made their way up the stairs and the trio turned to see their new visitor. Judging by the flashing red and blue lights from the window and the middle aged gentleman before them, John came to the subtle conclusion that he must've been from the Yard. Though what did the Yard want with a private detective? Usually the police had their own investigators.
John stared back at the papers. The more he stared at them the more he wasn't sure what he should do. Perhaps Mr. Weasley was right. It's just a cover story, but it was also the truth. He had felt like a soldier in the Auror's and he had enjoyed…no craved every bit of work available. The action and getting right into the mess of things, he wanted it. However, it looked like a faraway dream. He felt like since he had been injured on the field he was somewhat scared to return yet it kept calling his name like some long lost lover. All he wanted was some peace to calm his nerves. Maybe this change would help.
"I was waiting for this call. Ha! He said this call would come! I'll let Mike know and we can start you out first thing in the morning." His voice almost sounded giddy.
"Well, this is a prime spot. Must be expensive." John remarked.
"No, it's ... fine."
A theory? What theory? If anything this night had once brought promises of a new exciting puzzle, but now that puzzle was starting to become a mystery within itself. Something didn’t settle right in Holmes’s bones. As though this case was Pandora’s box eagerly tempting, waiting, calling to be opened so that he could see all its wonders. But was it wonders that it held? Or was it a box full of deceptive misfortune?
“Considering the weight of your words I see you are concerned for your well being. And rightly so. Any man would be an idiot if he did not think of his well being before considering my offer. If you were to refuse you are free to go home and live out the rest of your days without any interference from me.”
John's eyes widened again a second time. This time about the insinuation the older woman was implying and his eyes flicked over to Sherlock who seemingly said nothing to her comment.
Once again Sherlock went on the prowl again searching the upper floor. It was as if he was following a trail that only he could see that led him to the master bedroom of the flat. He had long since reasoned that the murderer had killed his victim and then proceeded to rob him while he was at it. Anything in to repay the mob. However, their murderer had forgotten one thing. That was to know your exit strategy and know how much time you had before the police showed up. That’s why he was a mouse. A very stupid mouse hiding in the closet.
"Thank you." The Inspector breathed out, relieved.
"Do you see the camera, Doctor Watson?"
The line audibly clicked and was met with a brief silence.
“To not…you know. Harm us. He’s been blood thirsty for so long now.”
“Fantasizing about being the next meal isn’t as cool as it really seems,” John said nonchalantly, but the two men looked back at him with confused expressions. “Never mind. I would assume I would end up missing and or dead.”
"Sorry! I'm so sorry. It's just sometimes this bloody thing ...," he tapped his leg with his cane hoping he didn't trip over his mouth twice in one sitting.
“In some sense of the fashion.”
“If I knew I would tell you. But I have no answers.” The car came to a stop and John peered out the window and saw the door of 221B waiting for him.
"He did. And this was for the best." John defended once more.
"This is going to be absolutely mental."
“A secret twin?” Watson clarified. “Hmm? You know? A twin that nobody knows about? This whole thing could have been planned.”
