The kid still looked scared, stealing glances out the window where the bullies were and at the other costumers. His boyfriend was also a jittery mess.
“Things like movies, books, magazines, food, drinks….they are all created by the will of the souls. So if you, Dean will wake up in Heaven wanting cherry pie it will materialize on the counter. If you want every number of a pornographic magazine, well, they will also materialize. Instantaneously.” Cas raised his eyebrow at Dean while the hunter starred with his mouth agape at him. “Close your mouth, Dean”
"Ah. The band of larcenists, yes. They were driven off by Alastair. Benny told you about that?" Cas scrunched up his nose while petting Dean’s ass in a possessive manner.
They were told Crowley will call with the court date and that he would try to obtain the closest possible free slot. He also asked what sizes Dean and Sam wore but gave no explanation why he wanted to know.
It took them 20 minutes to gather everything they owned and pile it in front of the door. Dean had Sam wait next to the duffle bags while he sprayed scent neutralizers and picked up hairs and other things. He snagged the motel blankets and threw them for Sam to catch. With one last glance at what was their home for the last 8 weeks, they picked up the duffle bags and left. Dean locked the door and threw the keys in the grass, looking around to make sure no one saw them. An eerie silence enveloped them and Dean suppressed a shiver. He was actually doing this, actively choosing to leave his father. With Sam laying in the backseat as exhaustion caught up with the young boy, Dean started the car and drove them away. He let New York's roads guide him for a while but at some point, he realized he had to stop somewhere so he could also sleep. He pulled up at a gas station and brought sun shades for the windshield and windows, along with some wet wipes and a car phone charger. He drove to a 24/7 Walmart and parked at the far end, hoping the employees wouldn't care enough about his lone-ass parking all night to come asking questions. Dean stuck the semi-opaque mesh window sun shades on and then he wrestled with the silver sunshade for the windshield. He tucked Sam in with one of the motel blankets, lowered the driver's seat as much as possible and pulled the other blanket over him.
Cas’ eyes flickered light blue and he started going faster, stroking harder. “I’m so close” he rasped and before Dean could say anything else the room was flooded with bright light but his eyes were quickly covered by Cas’ free hand. Cas collapsed on him, humming and satisfied. Dean wasn’t so he bucked his hips to try and get more friction going on there. Cas seemed to get the message because he started moving again as well. Dean followed Cas over the edge in short time, whimpering Cas’ name and letting the shockwaves of orgasms pass through him, their comes mixing together between them. It was a mess but Dean couldn’t care less because he had yet another mind-blowing orgasm. “You really glowed this time” Dean breathed out when he finally got his voice back.
“uhm… me? I took care of him - changing diapers, bottle feeding - I mean who else, my dead mum?” Dean laughed but it did not reach his eyes. “Then Dad got his hands on the bottle. Yeah…”
He locked his phone and went back to class smirking. The prissy teacher scowled even more when she saw his satisfied face. She invited him back to his seat now that he was "decent". Charlie's face was a mix of amusement, surprise, and rebellion.
“In all actuality, the guy had just parked poorly over my aunt’s spot, there was no need to jump at his throat, but I was
Dean smiled. It has been years since Sam called him Dee. He held his brother tighter for 5 more minutes before he jerked the blanket off them. The sudden chill shocked the younger alpha awake. After their respective morning routines, Sam went for a short run, taking another shower when he got back. Breakfast was a mundane affair.
Cas kissed him thoroughly, squeezing his jeans-clad ass. The stimulation made another wave of slick dribble and soak his boxers. Dean tilted his head for a better angle and let himself float on the high of their combined pheromones. He started his shallow grinding again.
.” Cas stopped talking and when Dean still failed to answer he asked, voice laced with worry, “Dean? Did you hear me?”
One of the young boys reached out to caress his partner’s cheek and that’s when the bulkiest guy in the group swiftly moved towards them, followed by his friends. Dean’s hand clenched on the coffee mug and he swallowed hard. He rolled his shoulders back and looked into Cas’ eyes. The angel also noticed the men and an unspoken understanding was formed between them. Cas nodded.
“Cas, we could have gotten back to the motel. Take a shower, steal a few hours of shuteye. Why didn’t you do this earlier?”
“Well, I start with the search engine and keep going, sifting through articles and more articles, following links, finding new word associations, and go back to the search engine and … .oh… OH… I always do this, don’t I?” Dean’s face brightened with the realization.
“It was fine, Cas, really good. I don’t even know how I got in bed.” Dean dragged himself up and kissed Cas, not caring about morning breath. Then his mind caught up with his ears – “What did you call me? Ol… what?” he squinted his eyes at his partner.
Back and the motel they each fell into their routines. Sam opened the new laptop - Cas refused to take it back - and started working on his schoolwork. Dean did his minimal homework and spent the rest of the evening reading Tolstoy. At the end of the day, the damn green owl started chiming from his phone, reminding him of the Russian course. Dean did the exercises with ease, happy to realize he remembered the lesson he did the day before yesterday.
Crowley went to get all the paperwork sorted and the three of them went to Cas. Dean hugged the alpha and whispered against his neck. “We did it Cas, one step closer.”
Dean went back to study the flour because the buns simply had to be perfect. He was planning a sort of coming out party and implied burgers, even veggie bacon, and, of course, pie. He was still unsure how to start the conversation but he was working on it. His talk with Cas the night before made him realize he’d been an ass to his boyfriend for not telling his brother and maybe an ass to Sam for thinking his own little brother might be something else than accepting. Of course, Dean’s inner voice, which sounded annoyingly similar to John’s, kept reminding him the conversation might go either way but for now he was somewhat successful in ignoring it. Cas eventually wandered off.
“Dean.” Cas said firmly. “You can tell me anything, I am here for you, and you just need to trust me.”
“It’s good to see you too. But you would have been fine, you had Jody and Kaia and Dean and Sam. You still had family here”
Dean groaned. “I don’t want to do this. I will be gone before the next year starts, maybe even sooner so… yeah, get lost, red”
After lunch, Dean picked up Sammy and took him to Jess' as the omega had invited the boy. If anything, they had to make Mr Moore get off their backs and they both agreed that acting normal was the best idea. Avoiding Jess might make Mr Moore investigate closer to make things official.
"Oh, what, like, someone attacked you?" Dean was worried, already thinking about the logistics of defending the penthouse.
The omega jumped and turned around. Cas looked horrible. He was wrapped in a fluffy purple robe, his eyes were blazing red, his face flushed, his hair was sticking in every direction even though it was wet. The musky scent of alpha arousal hit him but it was more than just arousal… Dean's brain pieced together things a little bit too slowly.
An alpha groans and Dean swears the man is going to cum untouched right there. Dean can’t blame him. Cas winks at him as he tongues the rim.
Dean found himself perched on the edge of a public bathroom sink while Cast-tee-el cleaned him up. People looked at him in disgust, and he felt self-conscious as usual. He shrank against
Dean has been hunting her for a while, crouching in almost every nook and cranny, watching her through the blades of grass. After living in captivity for five years, he was quite rusty when it came to hunting. Beforehand, he could capture anything easily, sometimes without much exertion. Now he had to exhaust every muscle in his body, fighting off the anxiety Ma and Pa had beaten into him, but after what seemed like forever, Dean had finally caught her off-guard.
Darren just screamed louder. With a huff, Dean marched out of the room and into the laundry room. He hoisted himself onto the washing machine and pulled the door closed.
"Alright, just stay here while I go grab the bag, alright? Just breathe." The alpha implored, sucking a breath in and out, prompting Dean to mirror the breathing exercises they learned in the lamaze class. Dean mimicked him, white-knuckling the lip of the tub as his mate bolted out to grab the emergency bag. Of course, the anxious, Type-A alpha had left a change of clothes and underwear, a pad and shoes on the sink. Dean threw them on quickly—well, as quickly as his body allowed him. He couldn’t stop trembling. He tried to calm himself, breathe through the pain, keep himself steady. Soon this pup will be out of him and he will be able to breathe normally again.
Once she was done, Dean handed her off to him. Cas gathered her into his arms and smiled down at her.
"Smells delicious." Dean chuckles, and Jimmy gives him another peck on the cheek and then heads off into the living room.
The eight investors trickle into Dean’s home office, each wearing their five-figure-priced suits. The space is more than enough to accommodate them all. He’d asked Benny to set up eight chairs on the other side of the room, four to each row. Dean even made sure to have them arranged in a way that made every alpha visible. The desk and swivel chair had been pushed against the back wall. It’s the perfect setting for what he has planned for his guests.
So they drove northeast through Kansas and Ohio, cut the corner of Pennsylvania, Dean driving and Cas doing research in the passenger seat. The weather was better than they had a right to expect for the time of year and Baby had made good time. They discussed the case: four workers employed by a construction company hired by the spa had disappeared when they’d gone to mark some trees for cutting on the property to make way for new spa buildings. Each had gone alone into the forest at different times on different days, and failed to come out again. At first the company, used to a workforce that was nearly transient, had assumed they’d just walked off the job, but soon worried calls from wives and relatives had gotten the Sûreté du Québec, the provincial police force, investigating. But no one knew if the spa was a crime scene, and the investigation had cooled off while the cops  concentrated on the company and its offices in Gatineau.
Dean finds himself smiling. The caffeine is hitting his bloodstream and he steals a look over at Cas who’s driving with one arm draped over the wheel. There’s an old cassette deck in the dash of the jeep. Dean opens the glove box and finds three or four tape cases rattling around.  A couple are homemade, the labels sporting Arabic writing. Those he puts back. He looks at the other one in the dim light of the dash. Queen’s
Mashaya walks over from the pick up and stands in front of them. “It’s late, and my men need sleep. We’ll talk in the morning.” He gestures to one of the men who takes Meg by the arm and pulls her off towards the largest of the tents.
is, well, if not exactly blasting from the phone’s speaker, it’s at least filling the room, somewhat tinnily. The Phil Collins playlist rides again.
She crumbles the remains of the muffin onto the path at her feet and dusts off her hands. The birds can feed themselves the rest. By unspoken agreement, they set off towards the cabins.
”I didn’t ask for your help. I don’t need your help. You can go now.” The blue-eyed man glares at Dean.
Mashaya stands up from where he was crouched behind the car. He swings the rifle around and trains it on Cas. And it’s like time slows down for Dean, everything fades away — the sound of the gunshots, the bullets splitting the air, the yelling — and all he can hear is the beating of his heart. The sky is amber, still reflecting light from the sun that’s dropped below the horizon, and he sees the barrel of the rifle silhouetted against it, pointing at Cas. He takes a deep breath, and heedless of the pain in his leg, springs up from where he’s crouching and before he knows it, he’s airborne.
“She thanked me and gave me a blessing: ‘may your powers flourish like an oak tree’.” Cas puts the acorn carefully in the pocket of his robe. He doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes.
The baby cooed and reached for her Papa’s face. Dean leaned against the bed, giving his mate and child a fond, sleepy smile before drifting into a dreamless sleep.
"Dean," Cas stands up and wraps his arms around Dean's waist, "look at me!" He tilts his mate's head towards him to force him to look into his eyes. "It doesn't matter how much she flirts with me. I only have eyes to you." He kisses Dean's nose. "Understand?" Dean touches his head to Cas's and then pecks his mate on the lips.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Ha ha ha, boys. Dean grabs the remote and switches on the television. He decides to watch a few episodes of Criminal Minds on Netflix. Cas joins in, taking occasional glances as he scrolls through Facebook. Jimmy puts his book down and snuggles into Dean's side. Eventually, the three of them fall asleep with the television still running on full blast.
"You know, Dean. I have a spare bed at my apartment. It's warm and comfy, and we have lots of snacks if you wanna eat them. We also have some books, TVs, some board games and all sorts of other cool stuff."
Paranoia made him its bitch as it possessed every inch of his body, its thick and boneless body forking out, stretching to the tips of his fingers and toes.
Dean smiles and scoots closer to Cas's side. "Yeah, and we can also go visit Lisa and Rosie then Charlie and Jo." Cas's phone pings again. Dean's mood darkens, and he watches as his mate grabs his phone and starts looking through it again. He hopes to the gods it's not Hannah again. She has texted him in the middle of the night before, which resulted in a huge fight between Cas and Dean that Jimmy ended up having to referee. To be fair, Dean was in heat at the time, and his territorial nature tends to get amplified by his raging hormones. Cas smirks at the screen before tapping on his screen, Dean assumes to type something. Dean wants to rip that damn phone out of his hand. He doesn't realize he's glaring until Cas turns to him asks him what's wrong.
The men are already sporting hard-ons. Cas starts to pass them around, swaying his hips and lingering by a few of them to allow them a closer view of his panties. Dean starts to explain what Project X is, but his audience is hardly paying attention, instead focusing on the Omega settling himself onto Dean’s lap and crossing one leg over the other. A few alphas take a glimpse at their laps and cover their obvious and rather unimpressive bulges with their binders. Others don’t even bother averting their gaze; they just sit there, staring slack-jawed as they cup themselves through their pants.
"Yes, sweetheart?" Cas speaks in that annoyingly sweet voice of his (maybe it's just the hormones that make Dean find his voice annoying). Dean sits up.
Dean played it outside, ducking in the trees when his ma and pa were sleeping. He would hide himself in the bushes, in the boughs, and in boxes. He was half-human, so he wasn't nearly as graceful as a real cat, but he could still land quietly. He'd play until the break of dawn before sneaking back in and curling up in his bed.
Cas glanced down at the pool of amniotic fluid between his legs. Dean was sure he had shat himself a couple of times. It’s a good thing the nurses had put disposable paper sheets under him so he wouldn’t soil the actual mattress.
"How about a hamburger? There's a diner up the street. We can walk over there and have some dinner together. How does that sound?"
Once Dean realized the man was looking in his direction, he squeaked and ducked back into the bushes. The man's gravelly voice called out to him. Dean could hear the gravel shifting beneath heavy feet as he approached.
Cas pulls his phone out and starts scrolling through his e-mails. "Should be here in...about an hour." He continues to scroll through the phone until he finds an e-mail from his agent. As he reads through it, he couldn't help but feel the weight of Dean's stare. He looks up at his omega and frowns. "What's the problem?"
The omega sighed. He should not have decided to have kids. He knew from the minute he looked at the lines on the pregnancy test that he was setting himself up for failure. He kept picturing Jessie and Darren in the streets, groveling for money, barely clothed, covered in cuts and bruises, having to depend on sleazy alphas and betas to put food on the table. Following the same path as Dean. Even though he knew he had Cas, he knew deep down he would find a way to screw it up.
"Yeah, sure." He doesn't move a muscle; he flips through the channels until he finally finds the sports channel. He doesn't get up for another ten minutes before Dean throws a slipper at him and threatens to withhold sex. Jimmy reluctantly pauses his game and gets up to do the bare minimum. After they wash their hands, the boys sit down to eat their food. Jimmy has to clear off the table since he didn't help set up. Dean and Cas watch the rest of the game. Since Dean can't have a beer like he usually does, he settles for a bottle of apple juice (which he complained about). Jimmy sits on the other side of Dean with a beer of his own. Dean bitches at Cas when his team loses (the two had made a bet on the game this morning. Dean, of course, lost $45.00). It took Jimmy twenty minutes to convince Dean to not make Cas sleep on the couch.
Cas arrives forty minutes later with the requested order and sets his things on the counter. "Dean, I'm home!" he calls out as he sheds his coat. When he sees movement behind the open pantry doors he steps around the corner to investigate.
Dean nodded weakly, "Yeah..” he panted out. “Apparently that..tends to happen." He clenched his hole. He could feel the wetness in the backs of his legs, and he knew that was
Dean groaned low in his throat. He could feel his insides being wrenched and twisted in his pelvis. He writhed under the covers, holding his stomach and panting. His boxers were soaked, and he felt an intense pressure in his lower back. He knew for sure this baby was coming out at some point today. Two days ago, he went in with contractions, thinking he was ready to deliver, but it was too early on. The OB told them he was only two centimeters dilated. He hoped to god they’d take him this time because he was pretty sure this pup was clawing her way out of him. Groaning and cringing in pain, he barely registered the sheets rustling as Cas stirred next to him.
"Look, baby, I can't keep getting you snacks if you're just gonna dump them all over the floor, okay?" His words were lost on toddler ears as the boy jumped up and down, wailing, then dropped to the floor like a sack of potatoes and started rolling around. Dean wanted to roll around the floor crying, too. He sighed as he stood and then marched back to the pantry. He grabbed another pack of gummy bears, knowing deep down he was gonna regret this.
"Dean, look at me." Dean lifted his eyes. "You are an incredible father and mate. You are the strongest, kindest, most beautiful, and most badass person I've ever met. You've endured things not many people could, and you came out stronger than ever."
“So,” an investor in the front row begins as he looks down at his document, “as you've informed us in an email you sent earlier this month, you are asking us to invest in this ‘Project X.’” He looks up. “What is this project of yours? Why is it so important?”
“Glad you asked.” He smells his omega’s candy-sweet and spicy scent before he sees him standing at the doorway. “Darling, do you mind passing out the packets?” He gestures towards the stack of binders on the desk.
Dean sat down in the nook of another tree he came across. He felt tired at this point. Tired. Weak. Defeated. Useless. Pathetic. After proving to be a disappointment of a pet, he was hoping he could at least still hunt. He wasn't even good at that. He was more useless than ever. Just as he sagged against the trunk and started to cry, he caught a whiff of the sweetest, most mouth-watering smell.
"You know, Dean. You can call me Cas or Cassie if you like. I know my name can be a mouthful." Dean nodded eagerly and swallowed loudly before letting out a burp so loud he could feel it in his bones. Instead of being disgusted with him, Cas—or, Mister Cas—chuckled. It was such a beautiful sound, it made Dean shiver. He blushed and covered his mouth.
Cas nodded and left the room. Dean laid heavily against the meager pillow the hospital had given him, caressing his swollen stomach, staring at the ceiling, trying to even out his breathing. The contraction and fetal heart rate monitors felt cool against his skin. He regretted not asking for the epidural; he had worried that the baby would take longer to come out. There was also the anxiety about being paralyzed or some shit. He wanted to stand up and walk around, but his belly was too fucking big, and he felt too exhausted. Just as he tried to change position again, water gushed out of him.
Dean could see the thirst clouding their eyes as Cas bends over to set the tray on the desk. He pulls off his robe and lets it glide down his delicate arms before lowering himself onto the alpha’s lap. He turns his body and leans into his mate’s hard chest. Dean caresses his thigh and then draws it back towards his backside. He continues talking, watching the eyes track his hand as it slips under the chemise, pushing it up to reveal tan and creamy skin, and squeezes Cas’s ass. The omega squirms and moans softly as he starts to dampen Dean’s lap with his slick.
Dean clears his throat loudly as he crosses a leg over the other to hide the tent in his pants. “Any other questions, gentlemen?”
Dean grimaced again. He could smell anxiety that was starting to bleed into his alpha's scent; it had the brackish scent of salt water along with the sharp and sour odor of rotting fruit. The omega wrinkled his nose.
"CAS!" Dean screams. His alpha is probably holed up in his office drafting another chapter of his horror novel. Dean couldn't care less. He can't get the taste of Chick-Fil-A chicken nuggets and waffle fries dipped in a vanilla milkshake out of his mouth. Jimmy was on campus; he had his intro class. Dean, of course, cussed the bastard out for leaving him at home by himself while Cas was picking up the prenatal vitamins and then proceeded to beg him to pick up some chocolate cake. As Cas's footsteps approach the living room, he adjusts himself on the couch again. His damp underwear clings uncomfortably to his crotch, and he's unsure as to whether he's sweating down there or peeing himself.
As the men settle into their seats, Dean shoots his mate a quick text before sauntering towards his seat. If he could look in the mirror right now, he’d see the epitome of calm and collected. He wasn’t nervous one bit.
"Jessie, do you want me to ground you again? Because I will." She didn't answer; she just stared at her knees. Dean let out a resigned sigh.
His legs carried him towards the source of the smell, up and down the hills, weaving around the trees, dodging the rough dying branches sagging from the trees until he reached the edge of a road. A variety of nice cars sped by. What caught his attention was the man standing at the shoulder of the road. He was built like a god or one of those soldiers—strong legs, broad chest and shoulders, and a defined jaw. Dean watched his profile. The man's face was twisted in anger and disbelief as he stared at his car. The man's handsome face looked worn. Like he had spent several nights crying and panicking. There was a sour tinge in his sweet scent. Dean wanted to go and comfort him.
When Jimmy arrives two hours later, Dean is in the kitchen making enchiladas while Cas sits in the living room tapping away at his laptop. "Hey, sweetheart." Jimmy sets his bag down on the floor. "Hey, sweetheart." He comes up behind the omega and wraps his arms around his middle. Dean turns his head to give him a peck on the lips.
Dean doesn't seem to hear him; he has his earphones in as he wipes down the shelves. Castiel sighs and approaches his mate. He nudges Dean's ass with the toe of his shoe. "Dean." The omega startles and rips his earphones out as he swivels around. When he sees it's Castiel, Dean scowls at him and stands. "What the fuck is wrong with you?"
"Baby, I promise you, when this is over, we will bring our beautiful baby girl home." Dean shook his head and sighed.
"I'm sorry about this. You come home from a long day of work and then have to put up with my bullshit." Dean let out a self-deprecating chuckle. Cas smiled.
When Cas returned, duffel slung across his chest, he hustled over to Dean and scooped him back up. Dean clung to his shoulder. He was pretty sure he was strangling the poor guy with how tight his grip was. At some point while he was getting ready, his husband had made the conscious decision to take his suppressants; he could barely smell his mate under the all the chemicals. Alpha suppressants dampened his more primal urges, such as the urge to attack anyone getting too close to Dean. In addition, he had made sure there were no alphas tending to Dean during labour because that would've thrown him into full alpha-mode, and right now, it was the last thing Dean needed.
"Can you pick me up some Chick-Fil-A? Chicken nuggets with the Chick-Fil-A sauce, the waffle fries and milkshake? Vanilla?" Castiel sighs heavily. At this point, Cas knows it is pointless to argue with Dean while he's hungry. Dean sees Cas nodding in the corner of his eye before retreating into the laundry room to grab his jacket and keys off the hook. When he hears the door shut, Dean stands up and walks into the kitchen to straighten out. He had spent two hours on the couch watching Dr. Sexy, and now he's starting to feel restless.
"Strong. Cas, I wake up every night from stupid nightmares,I'm not...I"m not fucking level-headed. I feel like I can barely hold myself together these days. Hell, I can't even go one day without having panic attacks! And..." Dean trailed off and burrowed his face back into Cas's neck.
"What's hide and go seek?" Sam asked him. Dean turned and explained the game to him. The more he spoke, the more Sam watched him with rapt curiosity. It made Dean want to talk to the younger boy all day. He loved how captivated Sam was by him. For the first time in his life, he felt important.
The alpha definitely just creamed himself, Dean’s sure of it. He watches, holding back a smirk, as the poor guy stumbles out of the room with his notepad hovering his crotch.
The alpha palming himself yelps and clambers out of his seat, grabbing his hard and most-likely-weeping dick as he hobbles out of the room. Cas pulls the lollipop out with a loud pop, and his lips shine and drip with his saliva.
"So do I, Dean. Hell, I snapped at Jessie the other day while you were at the bank. Every parent gets frustrated with their kids and grouchy. Sometimes they don't say the right things. And they're gonna make mistakes. But it's important is that you stick around, show them you love them, work every day to keep them safe and well-fed, and don't give up on them. And don't give up on yourself, either." Dean nodded his head, wiping his eyes.
"Hannah?!" Dean snarls as he slams his half-eaten box of nuggets and hops off the counter. Cas resists the urge to roll his eyes. Dean has always had a problem with Cas's omega agent, especially since Hannah has made it known that she has a huge crush on him. Hannah's never obnoxious about it by overtly flirting with Cas or making snide comments about his mate, but she tends to be a little too obvious with the googly eyes she makes at him, and she always blushes and touches his arm, giggling a little too much when Cas cracks one of his dry jokes. She doesn't do it in front of Dean, though Dean has caught her a couple of times. "You mean that bitch that's always flirting with you and shit! And you're talking to her?" The kitchen starts to reek of angry, jealous omega. Cas holds back a sneeze.
The men stare at Cas’s mouth, transfixed as he pulls the lollipop out of his mouth and sweeps his tongue over the syrup and spit dripping down his lip before drawing it back in and darting his tongue back out to swirl it around. Some of the alphas groan. One alpha in the back even palms himself, trying (and failing miserably) to be subtle about it as he imagines his dick being in place of that piece of candy. Dean maintains his composure, fully immune to his omega’s seductiveness. Cas drags the lollipop up his bottom lip and lasciviously swishes his tongue around it before taking it back into his mouth and closing his lips around the base. He gives it a hard suck and lets out an obscene moan as his eyes flutter closed.
"Of course I have something to worry about, Cas! Do you think I don't know about how she's always giggling and twirling her hair and putting her hands all over you?"
The bed dipped next to him, pulling him back into the real world. Dean shifted over and watched the muscles on his Alpha's back flex as he bent to pull his shoes off. Cas was an angel. A divine being. Beautiful both inside and outside. And Dean sure as hell didn't deserve him.
He remembered yowling in pain as she struck him over and over until eventually his jaw was too broken and swollen. He laid against the wall in a fetal position for what seemed like several hours, fighting tears, even when he knew it was a losing battle. His face was throbbing, and his tears had stung his wounds as they trailed down to the side of his face. All he could do was lie there quietly, teary-eyed and shaking, swallowing his whimpers.
"You know what, Cas? Why don't you just shut the fu—" Dean's words were cut off by a yelp when another contraction hit. With a hissed curse, Cas—
"Look, babe, you..gotta go..faster than that...because ri’now…” he gasped, “ I‘m two seconds...away from…” he sucked in another sharp breath, “shittin’ myself."
He was gritting his teeth so hard his jaw ached. He tried pulling more oxygen into his lungs and exhaling. He clenched his muscles harder. He was grateful he ate those little snacks that Cas kept making him; he knew he wouldn’t be able to keep anything down at this point. Cas kept a firm hand around his wrist while his other was rubbing circles over his lower back.
Once they reached the hospital, Cas had to summon a team of nurses to wheel him into the labour room since Dean was in too much pain to walk. Their OB, Dr. Michael Milton, had to check to see how dilated he was while Dean grumpily laid there allowing this beta to stick his fingers in his cervix.
Before he had a chance to stop himself, the omega bit a beta nurse trying to clean the vomit off his gown so hard, it broke skin. The poor beta had to rush out of the room, nursing his bleeding wrist. Dean was pretty sure the kid wouldn't be stepping back into the room after that. The bedding was drenched in fluids. The omega was on the verge of tears, curling into fetal position as his alpha rubbed his back.
"Hey! Get back in the dining room and..." With a resigned huff, he returned his attention to his toddler, who was now swinging his legs and sucking his thumb. When he was finished with Darren, he lifted the boy to his hip and took him back into his playroom. As the boy waddled to his car set, he heard a loud crash coming from the living room. "For pete's sake!"
Dean watched from the backseat as Jimmy kept glancing at Castiel. It was strange, the way he looked at him. With longing, with sadness, and a million other emotions. Those blue eyes went up to look at Dean and Sam. Dean blushed a little bit as the man admired him.
“You know?! Really?! Are you pushing a fucking baby out and sweating and shitting yourself?!” Dean growled out. Cas swallowed guiltily and dropped his gaze. Dean immediately felt like shit. He drew in a breath from his nostrils.
"Your daughter had gotten into a fight with another kid in school. Would you please come in for a moment?" Dean sighed. He had to study for his exam, which was in three days, and he'd barely gotten through two chapters. He'd have to cancel his third therapy appointment this month for enough to study.
Dean shakes the investors' hands after a successful meeting and watches as Cas pulls an alpha in for a lingering kiss and then leans in to whisper in his ear as the man runs his hands up and the omega’s backside. Cas takes him to the living room to make out with him, grinding the man’s lap and biting and licking into his mouth. As they kiss, the alpha gropes and squeezes his ass under the slip until he busts a nut. A few alphas watch, nibbling on their lips and groaning, as they fuck their fists before cumming all over their hands.
“When I lost Anna, and I just lost myself, you pulled me back and helped me find me. Even when I was at my worst, you never gave up on me.”
"I'm sorry, baby. I am..but…” he gulped, “I’m just so scared. And you’re sitting here and you’re...I’m gonna mess it up, Cas. With this baby just stuck in my ass right now, it just...it feels too real. Like...I’m really gonna fuck it up, Cas.” Cas shook his head.
"Alright, alright, just relax," he crooned. Dean's knees buckled, but Cas caught him, gripping his hips as he guided Dean onto the toilet seat. Cas held him steady, dabbing the sweat off his forehead with a square of toilet paper. Dean grabbed at Cas and felt himself being tugged to his feet. In any other situation, Dean would feel humiliated having his mate wipe his ass for him, but right now all he could think about is getting the hell out of dodge and going straight to the hospital. He barely heard the toilet flush as he was led over to the claw-foot and sat down.
The man's words seemed genuine enough. Slowly, Dean rose from the grass, fighting back a shiver as the man's eyes fixed on him. "Hey, buddy." The man smiled at him tenderly. Instinctively, Dean shrank away. A part of Dean hoped this man would pursue him while another part dreaded it. Instead the man sat at the very spot he was standing. Patiently waiting for him. As Dean studied his face, he noticed how tender the man's eyes were, how welcoming his smile was. It wasn't predatory. Dean wanted to be closer to him. Slowly he inched towards the man. He noticed how the man took him in, a mixture of sorrow, awe and...something else Dean couldn't describe.
Dean cried out, the euphoria overtaking him. He could barely feel that smile stretching across his face. He giggled, teary-eyed, reaching for his little girl. As the OB recorded the baby’s information, another nurse felt around his crotch to check for any tears. A nurse that had left at some point came back in with a sponge and tub of soapy water to bathe his lower area. After that, the beta and his colleagues helped him change into a clean gown and gave him some padded underwear.
“T-t-to co-considerash-sideration…” the speaking alpha stammers out dryly. He clears his throat. Cas sidles up behind him. The alpha loses his train of thought again as Cas straddles his lap and rubs that shapely ass against his hard cock. The man’s breath hitches in his throat. Cas caresses his cheek and leans in to brush those soft lips against the corner of his mouth. The investor moans and tries to roll his hips to grind him. Cas surges forward to take the man’s lips between his own. Dean gets a good view of Cas’s tongue delving into the man’s mouth, hears their tongues clicking and smacking together. Cas slides his hands down to fist the collar and pull him closer. The alpha groans desperately as he bucks his hips up desperate for friction on his hard cock. His chubby hands rest on the tops of the omega's thick thighs and wanders towards his ass. Cas catches his wrists just short of the crease between his hips and thighs.
He got up and headed over to snatch the phone off its cradle. He checked the caller ID. It was Jessie's school.
"Like I'm floating on a goddamn cloud." His voice was harsh and tight. His throat ached, like there was sandpaper just scratching the muscle raw. A half-empty cup of ice cold water sat at the table next to him. Cas grabbed it and brought it to his mate's lips. Dean took another sip.
With a sigh, Dean pushed himself off of the couch and went into the bedroom. He shut the door behind him and lumbered to the bed. He squeezed his eyes shut to fight tears. He couldn't let Cas see him like this. He couldn't have Cas having to comfort him again. Cas had enough on his plate between a full-time job and organizing family affairs and dealing with his older brothers. He didn't need Dean burdening him, too.
He kept pushing, straining almost every muscle in his body, until the contractions stopped, so they had to take a break. The alpha stood at the foot of the bed, looking anxious and faint. Dean was shocked his mate even lasted as long as he did. It wasn’t very often he saw his mate lose his composure. An omega nurse had to guide him to sit on a chair and get him a cup of water. She also had to refill Dean’s cup because his mouth was dry again and his throat was hoarse. A couple of nurses tried to help him change positions a couple of times, trying to "ease his discomfort." Dean growled at that comment and snapped at them. It wasn't for another four minutes until another contraction hit and he had to push again. With a yowl, he strained and pushed the baby further down his canal.
"Hey! Watch your mouth!" The girl crossed her arms and stared at her feet dangling at the edge of the couch.
Only two men in the back manage to sober and challenge some of the points he’s made. As Dean answers the question, Cas pretends to be bored and gets up to grab some candy from the bottom drawer of the desk. He bends over deeply and starts rummaging through the drawer. The two men are drawn towards the full and unfiltered view of the omega’s ass and the way the thongs disappears into the cleft. Dean manages to keep himself from turning his head. He watches the investors fidget in their seats and lick their lips, hungrily eyeing his mate’s ass. A normal alpha would be growling and snapping at other alphas staring at his mate, but all Dean can feel is the swell of pride in his chest. His little blue-eyed minx graces himself onto his alpha’s lap and unwraps the candy as he swings one leg over the other. Dean brings a hand to Cas’s thigh and strokes it as his mate parts his lips to slide the cherry red lollipop into his mouth and suck. Not loud enough to be obnoxious or obvious, but suggestively enough to strengthen the stench of alpha arousal.
"Hello," he answered in his best polite voice. The woman started to talk, but Dean could barely hear her over the sound of his son screaming. "Hold on one second." He cupped his hand over the speaker.
Cas struts into the room, wearing his little outfit—a black shoulderless long-sleeved dress with a ruffled skirt that stops shy above the curve of his round and perky ass cheeks and reveals a peek of his deep purple satin thongs. The spiky heels of his strapped open-toe pumps click against the wooden floor as he makes his way over to the front. Dean's lips curl into a smug grin as his houseguests (and soon-to-be backers for his project) turn their heads to ogle his mate. A few of them groan and whisper under their breaths, but Cas pretends not to acknowledge them as he bends over the desk to grab the papers. Dean doesn’t look over his shoulder; he knows he’d get distracted himself. The whiff of his omega’s mouthwatering scent, coupled with the glimpse of his slutty little outfit, is already starting to make his cock stir.
“You’ve got your own auto shop, a booming business. Your customers love and trust you. You’ve built a family, and you’ve held it together. When Ellen lost her husband, you helped get her back on her feet. When Charlie was in the hospital after her accident, you nursed her back to health.” Cas swallowed.
"Because I felt like using my headphones. I had it on Alexa but then I switched." He steps around Castiel and towards the bag of food. "And what took you so long, anyway?" Cas watches his omega rip the bag open and dig for his food. Cas sighs.
After a while, Cas has grown accustomed to Dean's territorial nature and his jealousy issues. Dean typically isn't the jealous type; he's always been trusting, easy-going, and pretty laid back.  However, since Dean got pregnant, he had become territorial and irrationally jealous. At this point, Dean is over 3 months along.
The day went on, each minute worse than the last. The kids played in the playroom as Dean scrubbed toothpaste off the bathroom sink and unclogged Jessie's toilet. He tried letting them outside, but then Darren decided to try and climb over the neighbor's fence. The neighbor, a grouchy and distasteful old woman, screeched at Dean about his "damn kids." Dean barely managed through a few pages in the textbook before Darren had dropped Dean's cell phone in the toilet after playing with it (luckily, the bag of rice trick worked). Jessie had a fit and started throwing books around in her room, and Dean had to clean up after her and put her in time out. He locked himself in the bathroom and had a panic attack, hearing his father's words in his head again.
The doctor handed the baby over to the omega. He took his girl into his arms and cradled her close to his chest as Cas helped to open his gown for some skin-to-skin contact. The baby's eyes were closed, and her tiny body was covered in blood and tissue matter. At first Cas and Dean were concerned that she was looking a little blue, but the doctor explained that it was normal because the baby was getting accustomed  to "normal oxygenated blood flow." Dean didn't really know what that meant but he was too tired to ask. He softly stroked the wisps of hair, smiling gently at her.
Dean grit his teeth, trying to keep himself from snapping, and then took a deep breath. He turned to the toddler and kneeled in front of him.
She pulled the curtains closed and stepped outside while he changed into the ever-so-stylish hospital gown. Part of him wanted to push his mate out of the room, but he was too tired, and he knew he'd lose his shit without his alpha by his side.
"You don't have to say it, sweetie. I know." She smiled at him and curled into his stomach. "Well, we gotta get you to bed. Try to see what we can do during your suspension. I—"
"You mean MY appointment?" Dean corrects as he assembles the burritos. "Tomorrow afternoon. You got a lecture tomorrow?"
The alpha took Dean’s face into his hands and leaned in to kiss his nose, “Just know that you’re not doing this alone." He kissed Dean's lips. "I will be by your side every step away the way, whether you like it or not. Me, Sam, Ellen, Charlie, Garth, Jody, Donna, Bobby...all of us. You’re not in this alone.” He gave him that soft smile that always made Dean’s heart skip a beat. They stared for a moment. It's like they weren't in the hospital anymore. They were just...alone.
Cas leans in to whisper into Dean’s ear. He swings his leg and “accidentally” knocks down a stack of folders. He slides off of Dean’s lap and stands. “I’m sorry, Daddy. I’ll pick it up.” He sinks to his knees and crawls on the floor. The alphas bend forward and crane their necks to get a peak of his ass. Cas turns to give them a full view and gathers his papers. Dean hears a few soft groans and hissed
Dean resisted the urge to roll his eyes as he started to push again, his alpha at his side grabbing a leg. He let out a scream as the baby stretched him wide open with its massive head, damn near tearing him in half. As he continued to push, the OB checked the FHR monitor.
them. Dean should've known; Darren had a habit of dumping his snacks on the floor for no apparent reason other than to get on Dean's nerves. He was thankful that Jessie, Darren's older sister, had gone to school. He didn't know if he could handle another day of having to chase the kids around the house all while trying to keep the house clean, cook food, and study for his exams. Dean's kneecaps ached as they pressed into the hardwood floor. His head was pounding. He barely got enough sleep last night—hell, he hadn't slept at
Dean panicked. Cas squeezed his hand tighter. “It’s okay, baby, it's normal. Just keep pushing.” Dean could feel his own heart quivering in his chest as he clenched harder. His body was rigid and tense, like at some point, some part of his body would just snap.
Dean sets the prepped plates on the table. "Yeah, morning sickness, cravings, headaches, the whole she-bang." Cas shuts his laptop and sets it aside. "I'm gonna pour some drinks." Jimmy switches on the TV and leans back, kicking his oxfords off and propping his feet on the coffee table.
Just as the branch was at arms length, a twig behind him snapped loudly. He flinched violently. A million thoughts tumbled into his mind, crashing into the walls until the cranium splintered.
"I HATE YOU!" Jessie screamed. Dean fought back a flinch. No matter how many times she'd screamed it at him whenever she got in trouble, it never ceased to break his heart. He pushed a sigh and went into the kitchen to make her a sandwich. They hadn't served lunch yet, so she was probably starving.
"Actually, daddy, can I stay with you? For a few minutes?" Dean could feel his heart melting in his chest, becoming a warm thick liquid caressing his insides as it glided over every bone in his body and filled the tips of fingers and toes. By the time Cas had entered the room, Jessie and Dean were cuddled into each other, eyes closed, Dean's strong arms wrapped around her frail little body. Cas set the glasses down on the nightstand and climbed into bed. He gave his omega and daughter a kiss before switching the light off and curling into bed.
He was never one to trust people so easily, not even before meeting Ma and Pa, but there was something about this man that made Dean feel safe. He had a feeling that
Cas pulled him down so that they were lying down, Dean's body curled into his Alpha's side. As Dean laid there, breathing in the smell of rainwater and honeysuckles in the gentle breeze, his sobs started to die down until they dissolved into sniffles and hiccups. Cas tilted his mate's chin up so their eyes would meet and kissed his forehead again.
"I...wanna push..so fucking baaad!" The last word was drawn out in a sob. Hot tears streamed down his face as he felt the pressure near his lower back. He didn’t know how long he laid there, wailing as his heart pounded in his chest, before another nurse checked to see if he was crowning. Cas was squeezing his hand, dabbing the sweat off of him, trying to shush Dean, who was grinding his teeth. His gown was stuck to skin, and he felt beads of sweat trickling over his hairline and onto the pillow. Dean doesn’t even remember exactly when Dr. Milton had arrived until he felt his gown being lifted again. The weight of the doctor’s pale blue eyes between his legs almost made him squirm.
"Hey, babies! How are my favorite little ones?" Jessie and Darren babbled excitedly at Cas as he scooped them up to cover their faces in goofy kisses. Dean stared at the screen of his computer, numb, mentally and physically drained. There was no way he could pass his exams. There was no way he can graduate this course. Why did he even bother trying? He could hear his father's voice again.
Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. "Seriously? When I'm crying and panicking and shit, I make you happy?" Cas laughed. "Well, not when you're sad. But seeing you smile. It just makes everything worth it."
Sitting on the couch, watching some B-list horror movie like they'd do every Friday night, laughing at the lazy writing and comically bad acting.
"Why didn't you just listen to music on Alexa?" Dean rolls his eyes and wipes his hand on his jeans.
“From the moment I met you, Dean,” Cas continued, “I knew I’d fall in love with you. You are remarkable in every way, on your best days and your worst. You’re strong, you're humble, you're selfless, and incredibly smart. And you just know how to brighten anyone’s day with a smile and make them feel...loved and important. On the days you don’t believe in yourself,
He watched as his mate kissed his hand and rubbed a soothing thumb over his knuckles. “Baby, of course you can do this. You’re the strongest omega I’ve ever met. And you’re going to be a wonderful daddy.”
“Excuse me,” Dean speaks up. The man looks up, embarrassment coloring his cheeks. With a smirk and a raised brow, Dean says, “You might wanna go to the bathroom to do that.” Still gripping his dick, which was now rock hard, purpling and weeping at the tip, the man hops out of his seat and hastily hobbles towards the door. Cas finishes cleaning up Dean’s mess and is now making his way over to an investor seated in the back row and next to the door. He rests a hand on the man’s shoulder. The man is looking up at him, jaw hung open, cock no doubt throbbing in his slacks, and pretty much starts to hyperventilate at this point.
for the last few nights. Plus, they were out of the good coffee, so Dean had to settle for crappy insta-coffee.
l understood his pain. Almost like he had experienced it himself. Dean was curious as to what happened in the past. Castee-ee-ell had scrubbed him as clean as he could without being too vigorous and then dried him off with a paper towel before removing his jacket and wrapping it around Dean to cover him up. It was that moment when Dean realized he had been naked the whole time. It usually didn't strike him much, especially when some humans leered at him, even if it did make him a tad queasy. Maybe it was a mistake, letting Cast-tee-ell bring him here. Instead of protesting, he found himself automatically trusting the man as he led him to a booth.
"I no wan' gummy beaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwssssss!" Dean pushed air through his nostrils as he turned to snatch them back off the floor.
All the other alphas, save for one, stutter out offers, clamoring over one another. Dean leans in to kiss the inside of his omega’s thigh.
"Okay, now what I'm going to need for you to do is try to pu—." The doctor barely managed to finish his sentence before Dean started to push, squeezing Cas's hand.
Sam and Dean did their usual banter routine. Sam talked to Dean about his third date with this girl she’s been seeing, Eileen. He wouldn’t stop gushing about her, much to Dean’s amusement. He could tell his baby brother was in love with her; he wore that same dopey smile that Dean wore when he and Cas first started dating. Adam talked to him about his new acting gig. He was cast as Scar in a live production of the Lion King. The little shit had the audacity to joke that he was gonna give Jeremy Irons a run for his money. Charlie raved about some new comic book she’d been reading. Then Jody came in to lament about how much Claire and Alex had been fighting over whether Alex should change her major from premed or not. Claire had been worried that Alex had been overworking herself, and Alex kept saying, “It’s my life and my decision!” Ellen came by and brought cookies, much to Dean’s disapproval. His so-called family practically taunted him with those sweet treats, including Cas (the traitorous little shit. It’s cool though. After all, it’s not like he’ll be getting any ass for six weeks). Eventually, the nurses had to kick them out (including Ellen with her accursed cookies).
"What's your name?" he asked. Dean stood for several beats of silence. Two parts of his brain warred with each other—the part that warned him not to trust the man and the other part that urged him to answer. The man waited patiently.
"WELL, WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?!" Dean exploded. "DO YOU WANT THE DAMN GUMMY BEARS OR NOT?!" Darren threw his head back and bawled harder. Dean mentally kicked himself, slumping to the ground and watching his two-year-old screech like a banshee, dressed in his grey spiderman pajamas. He didn't know if he could handle having a third child. He was three months along—back pains, worsening nausea, aching breasts, and terrible headaches. He just wanted to crawl back into bed right now and bury himself under the blankets until all of this was over. The phone rang.
Dean didn't even have what it took to be a good father. He was too fragile, too childish and unpractical. How could he a good father if he didn't even know what one looked like? All he knew was a dilapidated house, drunken rage, little to no food or running water, and sneaking out only to find clothes in the Goodwill box in the street. Any instance of tender love was snuffed in a blink of an eye; his Uncle Bobby, the only person in his life who actually saw him as a kid, shot himself dead months after his wife had died.
Four hours had passed. Dean had kept changing positions—on his hands and knees, his side, polar bear position, just twisting around like a human origami. He had to get up to walk around and squat a few times while Cas stood by his side, supporting his weight despite Dean’s protests. Dean’s friends and family had come in to pay him a visit—Charlie, Ellen, Jo, Bobby, Garth, Jody, Donna, Kevin, Adam and Sam.
Every once in a while, a nurse would come in to check his cervix and vulva and take his rectal temperature before measuring his penis and testicles. When a male omega's cervix is dilating, his penis and testicles shrink to make room for the baby to come out. Dean had to lie on his back, his antsy alpha at his side, as omega and beta nurses and doctors came in to check the heart rate monitor, measure his cervix, and do whatever else they needed to. Dean could tell it was taking Cas almost every ounce of his self-control to keep his territorial alpha in check. Once the nurses had left, Cas relaxed and looked back down at the omega, taking his hands into his own.
“Of course, Alpha.” Cas grabs Dean’s tie and pulls him into a ravenous and filthy kiss. The alpha doesn’t miss the sharp intakes of breath or the little whines as Cas slips his tongue between Dean’s lips. Their lips smack, and their tongues click and clack as they wrestle each other. They pull from each other with a loud pop that makes an alpha cough to hide a desperate whimper. Cas stands in one smooth and fluid moment and struts out of the room, tossing the lollipop in the trash can near the door, entrancing everyone with the swing of his hips and the subtle jiggle of his ass. All the alphas in the room damn near break their necks, straining to get another good look, hissing and biting their lips hard, muttering curses under their breath.
He continues on with his presentation to a bunch of horny and distracted alphas, directing them to sections of the packets he knows they're not actually reading. Once he finishes and prompts for more questions or comments, one alpha speaks up.
The other men watch the pair with envy, whimpering and rubbing themselves through their slacks. Dean bites down his lip and watches his mate guide the lucky alpha’s hands to the meat near the curve of his ass cheeks. The man gasps and leans in for another taste of the omega pulling away from him. Cas gives his thin wet lips one last nip before licking up the excess spit from his own.
Turning away from Cas’ intent, soulful gaze, Dean swiped a hand over his face. Taking in small, deep breathes against the adrenaline still firing through his body, he was just in the process to calm down himself when Rowena’s call screeched through the heavy silence.
‘’What the fuck, Cas?’’ Dean asked, and when Sam’s eyes flicked to his brother, he encountered an expression he rarely saw on Dean’s face: Uncertainty and vulnerability.
Then he stays where he is, slumped against Cas and lets his insanely hot Angel to kiss him senseless.
But Dean refused to acknowledge the guilt that was already crowding his throat. So he pushed it back and instead pinned Cas with a hard glare and shouted, his voice growing louder and louder. ‘’No. He knew. He knew something was wrong with the kid. He knew it, and he didn't tell us! He didn't even tell us!’’
And wasn’t that the core of it? The very core of the stewing mess he was feeling- -that there was nothing untroubled about the way he felt about Cas. He felt angry and frustrated and protective, and a great deal possessive. They were all difficult emotions. Untidy emotions. Wonderful emotions.
“Dean, your hands…” Cas slipped his gloves off and grabbed Dean’s hands, hissing at how cold they were.
“Oh for Christ’s sake, let’s get you inside where it’s warm.” And like an echo of that first night, Dean’s hands are on Cas, pulling him through the door and into the blessed warmth of the familiar living room. Cas kicks off his boots as Dean pulls his parka off him, and he stumbles over to the couch, Dean pulling the afghan off the back and wrapping it around Cas’s shoulders to stem the shivering. He’s spared talking right away as Dean strides into the kitchen and Cas can hear the sound of the tap running and the kettle being filled. He leans back and closes his eyes and doesn’t open them again until he hears Dean return.
“Castiel. Gabriel.” Naomi’s voice is cool as she takes in the empty glasses on the table and the fact that Gabe’s bowtie is definitely askew. “The reception isn’t over yet. I don't want you two sequestering yourselves in a corner. Get out there and mingle. I want them to see me as somebody who values family, so it's important for my sons to talk to people.”
Dean turns to tell Bobby that he’s had enough, he doesn’t want to linger here, but the cyclone winds rise again.
The women all return to their tables and someone brings a chair out onto the dance floor and Jessica sits down like a queen surveying her court. The DJ calls for all unmarried men to go out on the dance floor because the groom is going to throw the garter, and then Joe Cocker is singing
It takes Dean a couple of seconds to climb the two stairs up into the shower trailer. There are two shower stalls with curtains off a central room that has a bench for changing and cubbies for clothes. Cas trails behind Dean, joining him when Dean is inside hanging up his towel.
“I’m fine, Cas. I don’t need help. It’s not difficult, it’s just. . . tricky working in this tight space.” Dean is not enjoying this adult jigsaw puzzle. He’s hot and he’s tired and he’s hoping for his headache to either go away or attain full aneurysm status and kill him outright. It doesn’t help that Cas is obviously enjoying the process. It figures, though. Dean wonders if Cas will want to attach the headboard to the wall. It’s always the last step in any IKEA build — fastening things to walls so they don’t tip over, so they don’t hurt anyone. Dean’s thinking it might be a good idea to attach the bed to the wall. So it has to stay. So it can’t leave the bunker.
“I just had a pretty interesting conversation with Jess.” Cas’s heart falls. “Yeah, I thought it was odd that Gabe here was in the crowd to try to catch the garter seeing as how he is married to Lucas.” Cas notes in dismay that Dean said ‘Lucas’ and not ‘you.’ “So I asked Jess to point out her cousin Gabe and his husband to me. Imagine my surprise when they were not you two.”
“No, not really.” Dean’s sweating now. He needs to shut up, but somehow he can’t. The compulsion to finally tell Cas how he feels is a drumbeat inside him, insistent and irresistible. “OK, OK.
or the effect of the spell is going to be different from what you wanted. See the one at the top, the
“Cas, this is my first gunshot wound. I’m not sure what I’m supposed to do.” There’s an edge to his voice. He can feel the hysteria bubbling up. He’s cold now too, and shaky.
“Uh okay. No problem, let me see what the chef got done before he got sick.” Gabe waves at him from the dance floor as he and Dean walk into the kitchen.
“What the fuck. Charlie? What...” He shakes his head and screws his eyes tightly shut. How many eggnogs did he have? He’s dreaming maybe. Or hallucinating. Ghosts can’t get into the bunker.
“True. So you’re only responsible for me for…” Cas checks his watch. “Eight hours, which means you’re off the clock at 8:30.”
“No. I’m fine. It’s okay.” And it is. He reaches for Dean again, anchoring himself with the hard press of Dean’s body against his. He kisses Dean hard, showing him how much he wants him.
He’s brought to where Mashaya sits on the tailgate of the pickup, cleaning his gun in the late morning sunlight.
So what’s he going to do about it? Cas enumerates the problems he’s going to have to overcome to talk to Dean again: Dean lives a thousand miles away, he doesn’t have Dean’s phone number or address, he doesn’t even know Dean’s last name or where he works.
Cas sighs and grabs some noodles with his chopsticks. He leans over and slurps them up expertly. Dean follows suit, but manages to splatter everything in a two-foot radius with a fine layer of broth. It tastes good, but really this is way too much fucking work for soup. Cas is alternating using his chopsticks and spoon, and Dean is momentarily distracted when Cas’s hand closes around the cylindrical squeeze bottle with a rooster on it.
. Doctors Without Borders.” Now that he mentions this, Dean can see he’s in green scrub pants and a once-white, now bloodstained, white tee with a red logo on it.
“Are you out of your fucking mind?” Cas is furious now, too. “You have no idea what you’re talking about. Why would I help kidnap girls? I’m a doctor. I help people.”
“Nope. I have one more surprise to show you.” Cas starts the car and swings wide of the canyon. They bump over the uneven rocky terrain as they head southeast, the sun beating down on the roof of the jeep. Cas consults the GPS and the compass and they swing further to the south, skirting more of the wind-scoured rock formations.
They’re flitting from branch to branch now, following her—they know the routine. They’d been shy at first when she started feeding them, but now they’ll stay put on a branch four or five feet away before darting in to snatch the crumbs from her palm. They’re almost weightless when they land, puffballs of feathers, only the pinch of tiny claws on her fingers to prove they’re really there.
“She was brought here by an immigrant in the 1800s. He left his village on the island of Crete when his home burned down. The fire consumed Nerinphe’s tree as well, and only a small branch remained. The man brought it over with him when he came here and planted it on his new homestead. Nerinphe’s spirit was in the branch and she made it grow into a tree. He never married and, after he died, the homestead grew over and returned to wilderness. She’s been living here happily, among the wildlife, far enough away from the spa to escape discovery. But with the new construction, men came into the forest and four of them stumbled onto her sacred grove and she didn’t know what to do, so she turned them into trees.”
They walk down Beverly Street, past tree-shaded century-old houses of Baldwin Village on the edge of Chinatown, proud dowagers now divided up for student housing for the U of T and the other universities clustered in downtown Toronto. There’s no breeze and the sun feels warm and it actually feels like spring might be on its way. They cut across at Dundas and down McCaul Street past the Ontario College of Art and Design’s flagship building, an architectural marvel—a black-and-white spotted box seemingly floating in the sky over an 1920s red brick building, held up by a dozen multi-coloured legs. Past this, the CN Tower looms large, and Cas thinks this is probably his favourite view in all of Toronto.
Dean sighs, but throws the blankets back and gets out of bed. They recover their clothes from where they’d been tossed and get dressed.
Dean grabs the empties off the table and returns from the kitchen with two bottles. This time, there’s no hesitation or pretending. He sits down right next to Cas, right in his space. His body is radiating warmth, and Cas takes the proffered bottle without moving his eyes from Dean’s face. Dean licks his lips and Cas leans in slowly for a kiss, mesmerized by Dean’s green gaze and…
Cas grimaces. “That was my fault, I think. I asked too many questions in Aozi. There were some Boko Haram there who didn’t like me asking about the girls, figured I was too nosy. Mashaya sent men after me, either to get rid of me or just scare me off. They probably followed us from camp that morning. You were collateral damage. Wrong place at the wrong time.” Cas reaches across and takes Dean’s hand. “If it’s any consolation, I feel way worse about that than I do about kicking you.”
“Cas, oh my god. How bad are you hurt? No don’t move, babe. Lie still, let me take a look at your chest.”
“What’s going on? Was that a squirrel?” Sam looks like he’s itching to jump up on the recliner and gather his skirts.
Dean can hear the clinking of bottles hitting each other. He shrinks back against the side of the tent, hoping they don’t turn around and see him. They’re speaking in low voices, and as they pass the lit window of one of the tents, Dean can see that the shorter of the two has a stripe of white hair across the back of his head.
Charlie doesn’t answer, just gives him a look, and starts to read from a thin, leather-covered book that has suddenly materialized in her hands:
mattress, the green cooler full of eight bags of frozen meatballs, and two table lamps tetris-ed into the Impala’s trunk. There’s a red bandana taped to the end of the one box that won’t fit all the way in, Baby’s trunk tied carefully down around it. Dean searches for a radio station playing something worth listening to, dismissing Cas’s suggestion of NPR out of hand.
Dean consults his mental map of Chad. “Take me to Fada on your way to Iriba. I can wait there for you to get back as easy as I can wait here.”
He’s barely awake, flashlight drooping in his hand when he hears the sound of someone approaching. That wakes him up fast. Odds are that it’s Cas, but Dean has no idea what he’s going to do if it isn’t. He exhales in relief when Cas comes into the light.
A series of sharp bangs sounds from somewhere behind him along with some indistinct yelling. Fireworks? He turns and scans the sky, but it’s empty of lights now the aurora’s gone. A fine veil of clouds has come in and the stars are obscured. Someone’s hunting, maybe? It’s a strange time of night for it. The sounds aren’t repeated, so he turns back and starts walking along the road again.
Issa and an older woman are in a tent with one of the walls opened wide, the flap tied to a roof brace. There are pans of food cooking on a hot plate inside. Issa catches his eye when she leaves the tent to stir at something boiling in a pot suspended over a small fire, and he remembers her promise to speak to him.
“Sure, Cas, what do you need it for?” Dean can feel the heat of Cas’s body pressed up against him; Cas’s hand sliding up under his tee shirt.
Dean smiles at that and immediately seems a lot less intimidating. “Want a beer? It’s not much of a New Year’s Eve party, but I have beer and cheese, and Deadwood on dvd. And whiskey.”
It’s the wrong thing to say. Dean bristles at the implication that he doesn’t know what he’s doing, despite the fact that he legitimately doesn’t know what he’s doing.
He goes back through the doors into the hallway, stopping as he hears loud voices. It’s Tamara and she’s arguing with someone. Dean looks around. The voices are getting closer.
,” he said, and scooped up some more ammunition. Cas ducked behind one of the trees lining the driveway and stepped out only long enough to launch another snowball at Dean, laughing, his cheeks red and eyes sparkling in the light spilling from floodlight on the garage wall.
“Merry Christmas, Cas.” Instead of telling Cas how he feels, Dean shows him. He takes Cas’s face in his hands and leans in and kisses him gently. He pulls back and Cas looks at him wonderingly.
Dean asks, “What was that all about? I heard the yelling from the inn. I could only understand a few words, something about girls? You poaching someone’s girlfriend?”
Dean decides to do what he can to help Cas and the soldiers during those five minutes. He limps across the camp to where Mashaya is standing talking to Youssef and another man.
Cas retrieves his phone from his coat pocket and sets it on a bedside table. He fiddles with it and soon
Dean spends the next few days at the small house he rents in Abéché taking care of paperwork. He’s been working for a small U.S.-Dutch consulting company out of Tulsa for a year now, subcontracted by Exxon to maximize oil and gas production. He’s spent the past two weeks in the southern part of the country around Doba, monitoring injection-flow rates in Exxon’s oil fields. He runs the data he collected on-site through the modeling software, writes up the report with his recommendations, and emails it off to head office. He leans back from his computer and stretches his arms behind him, working out the kinks in his shoulders.
“Hey,” she answers, looking up at him speculatively, his friendly tone throwing her. Cas isn’t the only one who seems different now.
Cas sighs and moves closer. “I’m sorry about this,” he says, and kicks Dean in the left leg. Just below the bandage.
That does it. Dean takes the corner at a run and tackles him. He follows him down and straddles him, swinging at his head. The man, kid really, brings his hands up to protect his face, and doesn’t fight back. The man in the polo shirt pulls at Dean, trying to get him off his friend. He manages to land a couple of punches to Dean’s head, but backs off when Dean stands up. Polo Shirt grabs the other man by the arm and pulls him to his feet. He yells one last sentence in mixed Arabic and French at the prone figure on the ground and they both run off down the street.
“Oh, no. Not going to spoil the surprise,” Cas answers, leaning back and stretching his legs out in front of him.
Dean eases back on the stool and looks around. The decor is minimalist. Bleached wooden floors and white walls with paintings hung at irregular intervals. Recessed lighting that manages to be both illuminating but not harsh. Tall tables in the gallery itself and cozy booths in the winery’s dining room outside the gallery space. The pottery exhibit is against the far wall: platters and plates on pedestals, and delicate bottles, bowls and vases arranged on a sea of white satin on shelves set at chest height.
“Eh, it’s not bad.” he grins reassuringly, putting the flashlight on the ground. “‘Tis but a scratch.”
“American. Good. Well, Mr. Winchester, you’ll be accepting our hospitality for a while, until we can make contact with your employers to arrange a bit of a money transfer. Habbané here will remove the zip tie. So long as you behave, there’s no reason to put it back on. You may move about the camp, but the only tent you will have access to is the one in which you spent last night.
Trench Coat glances at him, puzzled, but then a look of recognition crosses his face, changing quickly to annoyance. “You’re a long way from Abéché,” he says, in that gravelly voice Dean remembers so well. It’s faintly mocking.
“Wow, Happy New Year,” Dean says, and Cas laughs and rolls off him, grabbing Dean’s tee shirt to clean them both up.
fucking patronize me, I drank you under the table at the Bucket, remember? I’m a doctor, so they’re not going to hurt me.” She stops and considers for a moment, “Probably.”
Snow is coming down now, blanketing the green grass of the grove. The green leaves turn brown as Dean and Cas watch. And there’s a shuffling of feet through snow beyond the ring of oaks, as four figures break away from the far side of the grove and make their way back to towards the spa and civilization.
. There’s a bar on the first floor of the convention centre and there’s an informal lounge being run in the main entryway hall bankrolled by a big gold-mining company. Cas makes his way to the latter, buys a beer and sits down heavily on one of the easy chairs scattered in groups across the carpeted floor.
“The Roman writer Frontinus—when he wasn’t writing about aqueducts—wrote about the use of carrier pigeons by Julius Caesar. There was a columbarium in Rome that housed over five thousand pigeons. Though I suppose some of them ended up on dinner plates.”
"And how are you feeling this morning? Headachy? Nauseous perhaps?" Cas says as he sticks his head through the door of Dean's tent. He withdraws in a hurry when a sneaker flies at his face.
A merciful god sends Gabe past the kitchen door at that point and Cas grabs his arm and drags him inside, closing the door behind him.
He works his way through this like an engineering problem. One: Youssef is Boko Haram. He has evidence of that with his own eyes. Two: Youssef tried to stop him from associating with Cas. Which would make sense if Cas was somehow involved in Boko Haram activities — scouting for schoolgirls while running the vaccination clinics — Youssef wouldn’t want any extra scrutiny of his associate. Three: the men who beat Cas up in Faya-Largeau had yelled something about girls as they ran off. Cas wasn’t poaching anyone’s girlfriend or sister, Dean realizes, the attack was on someone suspected of helping to kidnap girls. Young girls. Four: Cas had recognized that it was Boko Haram after them in the labyrinth. Although Dean can’t figure out how the fact that they had been shooting at Cas fits in. A falling out with Mashaya? But what he does know is enough. He feels sick to his stomach.
Cas unwraps a square gauze bandage and presses it gently against the wound. Dean gasps. Cas takes a tee shirt out of his backpack and rips it into strips, using them to tie the bandage to Dean’s leg.
Nerinphe comes back into the clearing and stands in front of Cas. She smiles shyly at Dean and he tries hard not to smile back. She puts her hands on Cas’s shoulders and says something to him, her voice earnest, then she steps back. She raises her arms and chants. A green glow gathers around her, enveloping her form. A single tendril of green light reaches out and touches Cas’s chest, and then she’s gone, the green glow closing in on itself and getting smaller until it’s only a pinpoint of bright light. It disappears with a
Cas is feeling warm and a weird combo of content and aroused, thanks to the bear, the booze, and the proximity to his host. He scoots a bit closer to Dean under the pretext of picking up a cracker and some cheese. Dean’s grin indicates that he’s seen through the subterfuge. Cas smiles as innocently as he can and leans back, their thighs are touching now. And Dean’s not pulling away. Cas smiles to himself.
Dean pulls on some clothes and retrieves his sneaker from the floor, discarding it in favour of hiking boots. He throws a water bottle and a jacket, and after a moment's thought, his satellite phone, into a backpack. Pushing out of the tent, he can see Cas loading things into a jeep that's seen better days. Jerrycans, presumably gas or water, are already strapped onto the chassis. Cas is hefting a cooler into the back seat. Even at this early hour, the camp is busy. Staff is moving in and out of the hospital tents, someone is singing Billy Idol enthusiastically but off-key, and a donkey is braying somewhere beyond the kitchen tent.
Dean grabs their coats and leads Cas out the back door. He brushes a thin layer of snow off a wooden picnic table set in the lee of the house. Hopping up, he sits with his feet on the seat. Cas sits down next to him, and Dean pulls him up against his side. Cas drops a kiss on Dean’s lips, content to cuddle close. He smiles to himself, this is what he had wanted. To see the northern lights with someone he cares about beside him, to share the experience. Cas knows they have a lot to work out, figure out how their lives will fit together. But he’s content for now. Together they watch the shimmering veils of light dance across the darkness, spirits dancing into the next world.
Cas smiles at Dean crookedly, “So, you saved me, you’re responsible for me now.” The smile does something to Dean, cut lip and all. He fights against the ember of attraction that’s flaring up.
“Charlie? How’d you get in here? Place is warded to shit.” He opens his eyes. Charlie’s still there.
She chews on her lip, looking troubled. “That’s not the Cas I know. He’d never have anything to do with Boko Haram or kidnapping girls. Dean, he spends his time vaccinating them so they’ll be healthy.”
Dean tightens the screws on the support beam and unrolls the slats that will support the mattress, and then stands up, stretching and rubbing at the small of his back. Cas is sitting cross-legged on the floor putting together one of the drawers that go under the bed, double-checking everything before tightening each screw. His face is screwed up in concentration, the furrow between his brows deep enough to lose a dime in. He picks up the instruction booklet for a closer look.
Cas’s hand is suddenly gone, but before Dean can fully protest, it’s replaced by his mouth. Dean’s sure that they probably hear the groan he makes just then over at the mess tent.
The squirrel had moved in a week or so ago. Grey and chubby, it has a sleek coat and a notched ear, and the beadiest black eyes Dean has seen outside of a demon. The first time Dean got close to the beast, he’d whispered
to asking Cas if he can kiss him, the intoxication of their proximity and the intimacy of the small room playing with him, making him want to tell Cas how he feels. His brain goes into neutral and words are on the verge of slipping out.
He still feels emotionally raw and confused at how quickly he took advantage of his attraction to Dean. And the sex had been, well, more than he expected from a one night stand. It’d been hot, sure, but it had been affectionate too. It was altogether less cursory, less orgasm-as-goal-driven than it had any right to be. For sure, Cas had been coming down from an adrenaline spike, and well-marinated in beer and whiskey, but it had seemed joyful somehow. More than just relief at being alive, there had been true enjoyment of each other's company.
“His name is Dean Winchester. You wouldn’t happen to know him, or where he lives, would you?” From the corner of his eye he sees the blonde girl turn and look at him.
The sun, newly risen despite it being almost 9:30 in the morning, is casting a warm pool of light on the white-tiled floor and Cas is surprised how domestic and tranquil it feels being here in this kitchen. There are photos stuck to the fridge with magnets, Dean and a taller man with longish brown hair proudly holding up fish on the shore of some lake in one picture and sitting on the hood of a big black car in another. A spider plant hangs over the sink and there’s a collection of cereal boxes on the counter like a line of books. Cas decides to just drink his coffee in the moment and postpone all the
He turns to Cas. “The patrol’s already alerted. They’ll chase him out of town or he’ll go to bear jail for the night.”
Dean’s impressed in spite of himself. Field Security is one of the less sketchy private security companies operating on the continent. Nothing but the best for Exxon subcontractors apparently.
“This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith,” she says, flipping her curls back over her shoulder.
Félix translates, his English accented with French. “At the restaurant the talk was about two school girls missing since last week. Everyone’s on edge wondering if they’re coming back. Livestock has gone missing too -- goats, camels too. I think the Boko Haram are still in the area. There’s talk of Mashaya. That it’s his crew.”
Cas knows what he’s really asking. Cas stands and gets all up in Dean’s personal space. He puts his hands on Dean’s shoulders and looks him square in the eyes.
“Humans first domesticated birds thousands of years ago,” Cas says, interrupting her thoughts. "There are Egyptian hieroglyphics of pigeons. In time, they learned how to use their homing instincts for communication purposes.”
“Bedroom. Now.” Dean’s voice is a low growl. Cas is swept along on an wave of lust as Dean tugs him up off the couch and leads him down the hallway to the bedroom. He’s not thinking, just feeling, letting sensations overwhelm him. Dean’s skin under his hands, Dean’s hands on his body. They’re on the bed, Dean undoing Cas’s jeans, yanking them and his long johns off at the same time. And then they’re naked. Cas feels lightheaded at the sensation of all that skin pressed against him, Dean’s hands wandering, caressing, Dean’s mouth at his neck.
“I can’t believe this bullshit!” he yells. The man with the rifle steps forward and grabs Dean’s arm and pulls him away from Mashaya. And that’s when all hell breaks loose.
Cas turns and waves at Meg as she pulls away from the curb on the Departures level at Pearson. He hurries to check in and head for security. The airport’s fairly busy for a Friday morning and there’s a weird deja vu as he retraces his steps of months before on his first trip to Churchill. It intensifies when he finds himself buying gum and a paperback mystery in the same kiosk during his layover at the Winnipeg airport where he first saw Dean. He’s existing in a carefully constructed bubble that consists of both longing to see Dean again and anxiety at having to see Dean again, with what Dean must think. So he’s simultaneously thinking about Dean while trying not to think about Dean.
Cas is pouting in the passenger seat. Folding the IKEA receipt into ever-smaller squares, he stares resolutely out of his side window. Dean pretends not to notice, dialling into a rock station playing the Stones. They pull out onto the highway with
The shojo whirls around, eyes flashing. Dean rolls over, but before he can regain his feet, she’s  on him, her talons carving parallel lines through his jacket and the skin underneath.
Cas walks down the hallway, and into the lobby. The further away he gets, the more in control of himself Dean feels. That’s more like it. There’s a hunt to concentrate on. No time for rogue boners. Sounds of laughter and music are coming from the dining room as he passes the door, and he takes a moment to look in before continuing towards the winery’s entrance.
“Were you hiding on purpose?” Dean’s still pumped on adrenaline, still imagining what it would be like to be abandoned in the middle of the desert. “It’s not funny. I thought you’d left.”
“Oh, but I can. The evidence is there. Tell me, were you working the clinics in Toro Koro and Gouro?” Dean’s feeling stupid now, as well as angry.
“Time for another shot,” Dean says, and pours them each another one. Dean hands the shot glass to Cas. He looks speculatively at Cas, who has leaned forward to take the offered drink. Is it his imagination, or were Dean’s eyes lingering on his mouth? Dean is definitely staring at Cas now, green eyes intense. Cas tips back his head, and swallows the whiskey.
Charlie breaks off to look significantly at him. “Three spirits,” she mouths exaggeratedly, before finding her place in the book again.
“Dean,” Cas struggles to stop coughing, grabbing the cocktail napkin he’d been given with his beer and cleaning up as best he can. “What are you doing here?” It comes out weird and accusing and Cas wishes he could take it back or at least change the tone.
“Seriously, you have a lot of trouble drinking don’t you? I really should introduce you to Benny.” Dean’s voice is still deep and still does things to Cas, but it has a distinctly amused tone.
Dean can barely hear with his pulse pounding in his ears. His mouth is dry. He can’t move. He can only stare.
Dean climbs down the ladder, hands cold and stiff from the screwdriver and the rungs of the aluminum ladder.  He stops and watches the headlights coming up the drive.
Dean returns home one evening from a shopping trip to Kansas City with packages that he hides in his room and bags from Home Depot filled with Christmas decorations and supplies to fix things around the bunker. He walks into the den to find Sam wrestling with a six-foot spruce and about 100 miles of Christmas tree lights.
. It takes him a couple of tries to type ‘banishing spell’ into the library computer, but soon he’s pulling an old leather-bound book containing translations of ancient Assyrian clay tablets off the shelf. He pages through it, looking for the spell for banishing vermin from grain storage barns. True, the spell is really meant for mice and rats, but a squirrel is a rodent too, right? There’s no reason it shouldn’t work. He peers at the spell, blinking a little to make it come into focus.
Something sparked in Cas' eyes and when anger was rolling off of him in waves, Dean swallowed hard. "Cas, I feel like a fucking idiot. I – I should've known, I should’ve realized-- "
And of all the times of the universe they never had enough. They never had a fucking minute to tell him...
He didn’t have to wait long. It was but two seconds when his eyes snapped open and his head jerked up at the sound of a sharp, loud rap of Dean’s knuckles against the surface of their table. He winced in sympathy when his eyes took in the way the fingers of Dean’s other hand curled in a vice grip, that must've been bruising, around Cas’ bicep now. Dean’s nostrils flared, his breath was coming hard with his fury.
When they pulled apart Dean’s breath was tearing at his lungs. He put his hands on either side of Cas’ face, feeling the hotness and slight stubble under his palms.
By the time he was half through the booze, he felt shit-faced drunk, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t find that place inside, that numbed, untroubled place where he could escape. It seemed like damn Cas could follow him even there.
He lifted a hand to card his fingers through Cas’ messy hair, then pressed his lips to the crown of Cas' hair. Dean felt like a warm, comfortable blanket were draped over him when Cas' strong arms came up from his sides and encircled him in a tight hug.
“The hell it is.” Furious, Dean shot back, twirling to face Cas, knocking his fist on the table. Then he took a deep breath. “You know damn well that’s not alright.”
“What the fuck, Cas?” Dean asked, his eyes spitting out dangerous, lethal flames. ’’We have to be on our way. We don’t have time for this shit.” He said, at once oddly pleading and threatening.
What if Cas wasn’t coming back? What if he had finally decided that he wasn’t putting anymore up with Dean’s abusive, aggressive shit?
‘’Cas,” He chokes out, lifting his head from Cas’ neck, dropping a soft kiss to the hand on his shoulder. "I love you,’’ he says in a crackly voice, and the hands that were still stroking freeze for a second before slipping and clutching at Dean’s shoulders, holding on almost painfully tight.
Trying to get his traitorous libido in check, Dean took in and out a slightly hitching breath, and pushed away from the door.
Then every thought leaked out of his head when Dean leaned forward, framed Cas’ face in his hands, and kissed him lightly on his mouth.
And it doesn’t matter that any anger or resentment he might have felt toward Cas was quickly doused, right the moment Cas stumbled out of the door after Dean, like the fucking ass he was, demanded off him to look for his mother in Heaven. And later, Sam’s tongue lashing was just another brick on the growing big pile of Dean's guilt; for the suffering and heartache he knew, he’s caused to Cas.
When Dean’s gaze shifted from Cas to him, the fury pulsing in his brother’s eyes almost buckled Sam’s knees. He could feel the frustration and anger leaking out of Dean, sliding into the stone and the air itself around them, making it crackle with tension.
‘’Of course, I didn't wait for you, Cas.’’ Dean huffed, clenching his hands into fists and taking in a deep breath. ‘’Course I didn't...’’ he repeated. ‘’That was one of the reason for my rush. You can’t really believe, that after everything--’’ Dean’s voice dipped and he stopped for a long pause before he continued, ‘’I’d go through that again. That I'd fucking risk your life again when I’ve just got you back.’’ He finished, and Sam heard the hurt that came with those words, regardless how quickly and easily his brother tried to dispatch it.
“No,” he snapped, shaking Sam’s hand off. ’’No,’’ he whispered again, his fingers clutching Cas’ in a tight grip.
He'd stopped breathing himself, everything suspended, he felt numb and hollow. It was as if Cas had taken his heart and everything that mattered away with him on his glowing lights.
When Cas shifted into Dean’s path, Sam was genuinely surprised. Sure like hell, he wouldn't dare to get within an arm reach to his brother, when he was vibrating with anger like this. But Cas has never really accomplished the meaning of personal space, anyway not, when it came to Dean. So, Cas just tilted his head and studied his brother’s face for a couple of seconds before he spoke.
He was going to build Cas a tree house. Cas should have a tree house, from where they could watch the stars and sunrise, Cas, being the dork he is, was so fond of. And he’d make a garden for Cas, though the soil needed work, there was a perfect spot for that, behind the bunker. They’d need a garden shed too for Cas’ tools. Well, he would see to those things. He’d see to them because…
Dean's jaw clenched, his eyes never strayed from Cas’ face as he entwined their fingers, then pulled and pressed the back of Cas' hand against his chest.
Dean closed his eyes and thought of the angel behind the other room across his. The angel he’d never believed he could have. The angel, he’d believed dead and for all his prayers and wishes he thought he’d never again have.
Tears started to spill down his cheeks and he didn't move to wipe them away, just let them drip down onto Cas’ face. Reaching out a tentative, trembling hand, he smothered his tears on that dear face, flinching slightly at how cold it felt. He ran his thumb over Cas' full lips and the pad of his thumb caught on those characteristically chapped skin. "God, you're such an idiot. A stupid, brave, beautiful idiot. And I'll never be able to tell you just how much—"
And Dean hated that look. It made something achy and longing twist uncomfortably in his chest, and he ended up lashing out at Cas more, pushing him away more, drinking and fucking even more, though every time he did, it just made him feel more like shit.
The blow was so quick, so sharp, Dean couldn’t even gasp. It shivered through him viciously before he could gather himself and rolled over it.
And suddenly all the breath seems to have left Dean’s lungs and he watches rather dazedly the way Cas’ throat moves when he swallows… And Dean feels inexplicably dizzy, somehow, while his heart is pounding high in his throat.
Heat rushed to Dean’s cheeks, and he heaved out a sigh before he locked his eyes with Cas’. ‘’I don’t want you to leave. Like never. I… I missed you. When you died--’’ His voice shook and he cut himself off.
When Cas finally glances up, those blue eyes are too wide and too bright and his lips are curled into a slight, hopeful half-smile. “Dean,” he whispers again.
With a sudden tightness in his chest, Sam’s mind shifted to those dark days after Cas’ most recent death. Pictures, words of his brother broken-- completely and for the first time in Sam’s live, irrecoverably and utterly broken-- played through his mind, until he was jammed back to the present by Cas' reply.
Gathering Cas closer, his arms straying tighter, pressing his face harder into Cas’ skin, Dean let his angel’s wonderful scent wash over him as he clung for his life. There was so much he wanted to say, but the emotions were too thick in his throat, making the words stuck there, refusing them to come out.
He wanted — Dean realized, drawing in a slow, steadying breath — he wanted Cas to be his Home. He wanted Cas always be at his side, wanted to spend the nights with him and wake up to the sight of him. Wanted to grow old with him. He wanted Cas to confide in him, to share with him every part of him that had been, that was, that would be. He needed Cas to turn to him when he was troubled or sad, and be the cause or at least be present for every moment of Cas’ happiness.
But with an anguished, tearful, protective and determined look, Cas’ eyes locked on his, ‘’Goodbye, Dean,’’ The son of a bitch said very calm and resolved, before he fucking threw Dean to the wall, with a slight twitch of his hand.
‘’I can’t let you go because I’m in love with you.’’ He jerked his chin higher, fingers cupping Cas' face a little tighter. “I’m so fucking, so desperately in love with you, Cas.”
Usually, against all the shit kind of supernatural things, he’d use knives and guns and blades and every different sort of weapons in his arsenal, but he’d hardly ran through Cas and his fucking adorable head tilt and quirking smile with a blade.
Michael walks towards him, “I came to say I’m sorry. I was stupid. I was wrong. I miss you and I want you back.” He doesn’t sound sorry. He sounds like someone mouthing the words to something that’s already a done deal. A mere formality.
“You were still pretty hung up on him last time you were here, remember?” His voice is rough with emotion. “I saw you two and I didn’t want to get in the way. Seeing that hurt more than I thought it would, but if he’s what you wanted I didn’t want to wreck that. I didn’t want to get in the way. I just had to get out of there.”
On the other hand. Jessica is cheating. She doesn’t deserve the special midnight profiteroles. No one who cheats on someone as obviously special as Dean,
Turns out the profiteroles are already baked and in airtight tins. There are hundreds of them. Pastries, not tins. He checks the refrigerator and hallelujah there are containers in the fridge marked ‘profiterole cream.’ He replays the video. Okay, he needs to put the whipped cream in a piping bag and then fill the cream puffs. How hard can it be? He can totally do this.
Cas backs up in a hurry and stands indecisively in the corridor. Oh God. How could Jessica do that? On her wedding day? To Dean? What can he do about it? What
. Dean starts the car and leans over towards Cas, grinning. “It’s 106 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses.”
“I’ve been banished more than once. Remember I when called you from a dog track in Australia?” Cas pauses to squeeze lime into his bowl.
“Well, if you don’t see any around, then it’s working.” She collapses in a pile of giggles and Dorothy hauls on her elbow to make sure she doesn’t fall off the seat.
“Hey, no big deal. I’m fine, Cas. Cold hands, warm heart.” It was out before Dean could stop himself. An automatic response. Cas tilted his head and looked up at Dean.
“Um, that was a hair-growing potion,” Dean says, wincing. “I was looking at it last week, it’s supposed to grow a head of long, shiny hair. Like really long.”
“Some of them aren’t even real Swedish words, and the ones that are don’t have anything to do with the actual function of the item.”
Dean takes a sip of beer and then peels at the label. “I thought you were with them. I thought you and Youssef were collaborating with Boko Haram.”
Dean bent over, shaking with laughter at the outrage on Cas’s face. Cas looked murderously back, grabbing the hem at the back of his jacket, pulling it away from his body and shaking it to dislodge the snow.
He’s texting Sam to let him know they’ll be home before midnight when the waitress brings them crispy fried spring rolls and dipping bowls of fish sauce along with a pot of jasmine tea and two tiny cups that Dean side-eyes immediately. He doesn't do tea, and he sure as hell doesn't do tiny cups.
Dean’s about to argue, again, but he changes course and grins, while wiping his eyes. “Yeah, that was kinda like the splash zone in a dolphin show, wasn’t it?” He pushes the bowl away. “I’m sorry Cas. I just have the feeling that we missed something at the high school. The swim coach was setting off my radar, but I didn’t look any deeper.”
The trip home the next day is a complete mess. A bumpy flight from Churchill to Winnipeg where engine problems with the plane delay his flight back to Toronto by three hours. It’s late when the Uber pulls up in front of the door of his apartment building, and he falls into bed after feeding Spock and texting Meg to let her know he’s home. He’s exhausted, but it takes him a long time to fall asleep.
Youssef moves towards the door and spits into the courtyard. “He’s not a desirable person to be seen with,” he says in French-accented English.
Dean busied himself gathering up his belongings so he wouldn’t have to meet Cas’s eyes. He wasn’t at all ready to tell Cas how
Dean feels strong arms wrap around his torso and pull him to his feet. As the darkness and nausea recede he’s aware that he’s naked and wet and his back is pressed all up against Cas’s front. Warm water is still cascading over both of them, and a fleeting thought crosses his mind that if it wasn’t for the vertigo and the dull pain in his thigh, this situation would be damn near ideal.
He kisses Cas one last time and then pulls back. “I hate to put a damper on the big reunion. But I did have a couple of beers earlier. Is there a washroom nearby?”
Dean’s a bit ashamed of himself, now that Cas is in front of him but there's still a bit of fear clinging to him, fear of being alone in this alien environment.
Dean wonders why he’s telling Cas all this, it’s intimate, sitting on the bed together in a yellow circle of lamplight, conducive to sharing confidences. They’re at right angles to each other, Dean leaning against the wall, Cas against the headboard. He decides to answer the non-question.
Back in early January, he and Cas had headed outside to clear the snow away from the garage doors. It had snowed all day, wet and heavy. The thick clouds that had brought the snow were gone and the night was clear and still. Stars reappeared — Orion and Gemini splayed across the indigo sky.  Their shovels scraping against the hard driveway beneath the snow made the only sound.
Dean turns back to the table and looks at her suspiciously for a second. Rowena being nice to him is still somewhat of a new concept. Cas chooses that moment to join the crew.
. Jess laughs and shimmies a bit on the chair. Dean and the groomsmen go out on the floor, followed by a dozen or so male guests, Gabe among them. The rest of the crowd is goodnaturedly catcalling them.
Abandoning his laptop, he pulls a stack of first-year mineralogy papers towards him, and with a sigh, starts to mark them. His office door opens abruptly, swinging back to hit the wall with a bang, and a small, dark-haired woman marches into the room. From the look on her face, she’s got a head of steam up about something, and he’s sure it doesn’t mean anything good for him.
But at night, alone in his apartment, Spock snoozing on the couch beside him, he can’t stop Dean from creeping into his thoughts. He thinks about how Dean’s lips felt on his, the warmth of Dean’s body curled against him when he woke in the morning, Dean handing him a mug of coffee in the sunlit kitchen. Meg’s right. He fell hard.
Albert interrupts his thoughts, asking him if he’d like anything other than the beer. “They’re going through the good stuff very quickly,” he says, gesturing with his chin at the sole occupied booth. “If you want any Crown Royal, you had better have some now.” Albert’s English is accented from learning it in Lagos, so he sounds faintly British.
He shouts in pain and sees Cas run towards them, a thick tree branch raised over his head to knock her away from him. As the branch descends in a downward arc, it suddenly flies out of Cas’s hands inexplicably
“I have...um. I mean, there are feelings involved here. For you...” He trails off and stands there waiting for Cas’s response.
Cas curses and drags Dean faster across the open expanse. There’s the sound of a gunshot, and something flies past Dean’s head like an angry wasp. He’s incredulous.
“Huh, so you felt it too,” Dean says, relaxing back into his seat. “At the risk of sounding like a chick flick, I felt a connection. I couldn’t stop thinking about you, haven’t really since that night.”
Lying in bed, Spock curled up on the pillow next to him, Cas can’t help but to poke at memories like a sore tooth.
“Can’t be too careful. The robes have deep pockets. But seriously, what is she and why aren’t we killing her?”
Cas looks up at him. He lets his head fall back against the seat and takes a deep breath. “It’s the blessing.”
“Not bad for a first date.” Dean can’t tell if Cas is joking. He’s smiling but his eyes are unreadable behind his aviators.
The guy’s an asshole, it’s obvious. But despite that, Dean finds that the lyrics of an old Joni Mitchell song are rolling around in his head, a plaintive snippet of lost opportunities:
The Twisted River Winery is a beautiful building, all cedar wood and smoked glass, built low against the backdrop of the vineyard that stretches across rolling hills, with vines planted to the south, and woods to the north. They park and get out of the car, Fed suits standing in for whatever formal wear one wears to a New Year’s Eve party at a winery.
The short uncomfortable silence that follows is broken when Victor comes in from the courtyard. “We’re not going up to the Kébir lease block today. I was just at the prefecture police station. They’ve received reports that there were attacks at Aozi and Gouro yesterday. Another kidnapping at Aozi. We’re staying here until we get more details. Well,
Smiling, Cas turns back to the computer and opens his email. There are four in his Inbox from Zachariah. Cas rolls his eyes. As if he’s conjured him, he hears Zachariah’s voice floating into his office, speaking loudly to someone as he climbs the stairs.
If only Meg could see him now, Cas thinks as the sled races down the trail between the spindly spruce trees, the dogs running tirelessly and course-correcting at the commands of the musher, Josie, who’s standing behind Cas on the runners of the sled. One of the lead dogs barks, and it sets of a chorus amongst her teammates as the sled flies over the snow, the sun bright in the deep blue sky, but already sinking towards the horizon even though it’s early afternoon.
Dean’s in no mood for stupid questions. “Like I got shot yesterday and slept on the ground all night.”
The man grins, and then grimaces because of the cut on his lip. It’s an attractive smile and makes his face look much less forbidding. Dean’s reminded uncomfortably of his attraction to the man the first time he saw him. “Yeah. I know it’s not exactly good for the weather here, but it’s kind of a good luck charm. My name’s Cas.” He leans against the whitewashed wall for support and kicks aside the remains of a broken bottle.
“Yeah, well this is a road trip, and music is mandatory. Not gonna listen to someone talking about elephant poaching or Senate reform on a day like today, out on the open road.” He grins at Cas, then launches into the chorus with Mick.
“Uh, no. I’ve had enough polar bears to last me a lifetime already.” Dorothy joins them at that point and it distracts Charlie for a moment before she asks what he means by that.
“Well, the only thing left to do, if you feel strongly enough about him, is to go back to Churchill and talk to him in person.”
“And you took him on, unarmed.” Cas is looking at him, shaking his head, a fond smile on his face. “What am I gonna do with you?”  Dean’s about to answer, but Meg comes running up and throws herself into Cas’s arms and hugs him tight.
“It’s not a joke, Dean.” Cas’s voice is serious. “Boko Haram are a real threat to foreigners in Chad. The insurgents mostly stay up north. It’s wild country up there in the Tibesti Mountains and over the border in Libya. It’s their territory and oil workers are favourite targets. You need to be careful.”
“No worries,’ Dean says, obviously trying to bring the smile back under control, “Take your time. Jess still has to toss the bouquet and we gotta do the garter thing.” The smile escapes again. “I’ll, um, leave you alone to…” he pauses for a significant second, “finish up.” And with a last flash of teeth he heads out to the hall.
were the one who—” But Cas shuts him up with a kiss, and that’s the last talking they do for quite a while.
“I’m feeling bad for the squirrel. He only wanted to eat. And he was the catalyst for this.” Cas kisses Dean again. A light touch of lips. “I want to do a little research on squirrel feeders.”
Dean moves to the man lying on the ground, semiconscious and bleeding. It’s hard to see in the darkness of the street, but Dean’s hunch is correct. It’s Trench Coat.
Cas stops when he finds an extra-broad column with a shallow depression at its base, and lowers Dean gently to the ground. The numbness is fading and Dean hisses as his thigh begins to burn.
He heads towards the restrooms, but as soon as he’s out of sight of the woman, he ducks down a hallway marked “Authorized personnel only.” Large swinging doors at the end of the hallway open into a cavernous room filled with giant stainless steel tanks. A sharp fruity aroma fills the air. No one’s there. Not man, nor mouse, nor shojo. Dean giggles to himself imagining opening the spigot on one of those tanks and drinking wine right from the faucet.
Dean tears his eyes away from Cas and checks his watch. “Hey, it’s nearly midnight.’ He grabs the remote and soon Times Square is on the large television, Christina Aguilera belting out something at top volume while prancing around in what looks like very weather-impractical sequins.
Cas helps Dean up and they look around. In the length of time it took for Dean and Mashaya to fight over the gun, the army has taken control. The threat of the big gun and the superior numbers of soldiers have ended the fighting. Army troops are rounding up the insurgents. Meg and Youssef are leading the girls out of the tent, Issa is with them.
In the tree, the squirrel stiffens for a moment and then turns and looks at Dean. Slowly, it climbs down from the tree.
He finds his gate and sits down, checking his phone for emails. There aren’t too many other passengers present, about thirty, he estimates. It’s a small plane, a turboprop, that’s going to take them from Winnipeg to Churchill. He glances around. Several groups of twenty-somethings, some with small kids in tow, a retired couple, and a few men on their own, like him. He looks closer at the far bank of seats. The man from the store is there, his parka on the seat beside him, and he’s intent on his own phone. A smile flits across his face as he scrolls through whatever it is that he’s looking at. Cas finds himself staring more than once, and has to force his eyes down to his own phone.
“Looks like we’re spending another night together.” He covers them both with a foil emergency blanket from the first aid kit. Dean relaxes against him, Cas’s body heat welcome in the cooling night. The painkiller is kicking in and he’s feeling floaty.
And what can Dean say to that? Cas has’t had very many pleasant human-type experiences to date. He deserves his stupid Swedish jigsaw puzzle. Dean sighs and starts sorting the screws and dowels and other hardware, making sure that they’re all there. “Alright, let’s get this show on the road.”
“I don’t know, maybe the tux, the rose, Gabe congratulating you at the bar.” Cas’s voice is indignant. He can’t help it. He turns and says accusingly “You and Jessica have a song!”
“Cas, I’m close. I’m really close.” Dean expects him to pull off, He doesn’t expect him to hold Dean’s hips flat against the bed with both hands and take him all the way in. And that’s all she wrote. Dean comes down his throat, stars bursting behind his eyelids. After a minute, the intensity recedes into tiny aftershocks of pleasure, and Cas pulls off slowly, licking his lips.
He’s just back in his room, lying on his bed, sipping his beer, when the room goes cold again. Dean closes his eyes and sighs. When he opens them again. Kevin is standing at the end of his bed in dark jeans and a tee shirt with a picture of Beethoven wearing headphones. His hair is shaggier than Dean remembers.
Mashaya inclines his head. “Exactly. And if you’ll continue to cooperate, we can just load up the rest of the supplies and be on our way without anyone getting hurt.”
“Seriously?” Dean is pissed. “Did you miss the part where he was gonna clock you?  A thank you would be nice about now.”
Dean wakes up the next morning when he feels his pillow move out from under his head. He opens a bleary eye and sees Cas stretching. His leg sets up a steady dull throb that isn’t improved by him struggling into a sitting position. He feels horrible, in addition to his leg, he’s stiff from sleeping on the ground.
just a flesh wound. Really. It’s gonna hurt like fuck, but you’re going to be ok. The bullet just grazed you.”
“I have a friend in Fada.” Dean wonders if that’s true, but spending time getting to know Cas better sounds like a more interesting proposition than staying in Faya-Largeau alone. “I’ve been invited to stay for a few days, so it works out well.” Victor looks like he wants to argue, but really what can he do? Dean’s the client.
Cas spends the next twenty minutes crossing the room, going up and down the aisles looking for Dean, but he’s nowhere to be found. He nearly accosts a man who looks like Dean from the back, almost grabbing his arm, before realizing it’s not him. It’s no use. Dean’s gone. Dejected, Cas makes his way out the double doors and back onto the convention centre concourse. There are two more days left of the conference. If he haunts the convention centre, he has a chance of seeing Dean again. Apologizing for leaving. Maybe see if Dean feels anything like the way he does.
,” Cas corrects, and Dean grins. “I teach at the University of Toronto. We’ve…”  he stops here, and visibly recalibrates as he pushes Michael out of his thoughts, “I’ve always wanted to see the northern lights, so here I am. Looks like i’m going to have a more exciting story to tell when I get back than I thought I was going to.” He smiles, thinking of Meg’s reaction. “Christmas break seemed like a good time to finally cross it off my bucket list before I go back to the States.”
The doors to the kitchen swing open and a young blonde girl comes out carrying his food and a bottle of ketchup. He thanks her before answering the question.
“Are my pupils the same size?” Dean looks into his eyes. They’re that amazing blue that he remembers. His pupils are large in the dim light.
means ore. As in a naturally occurring solid material from which a metal or valuable mineral can be profitably extracted. That has nothing at all to do with bed frames. Especially since this one seems to be composed of fiberboard and not rock.”
This leads him to two epiphanies. 1. Cas sincerely wants to punch anyone who insists that there are no problems, only opportunities. And 2. he’s managed to fall for someone who he has no reasonable expectation of ever finding again.
“Past Ounianga Kébir. Up on the plateau, east of the mountains. There’s an oilfield up there I’m going to be working at.”
Despite the painkillers, his leg is hurting again. There’s a bench next to the door, for the guard, he figures, and they sit there watching the camp. The soldiers are helping themselves to a noon meal the older woman has laid out on a makeshift table beside the cooking tent. Catching sight of them, Issa fills two plates and and brings them over on a tray to where Dean and Meg are sitting. Meg takes her plate with a smile of thanks.
The New Year’s Eve party is small, exclusive. The tables in the dining room are set for 50. A manageable number of people for Sam to keep an eye on. Probably more like 60 counting the caterers and waitstaff. White twinkly lights and centrepieces of white orchids and roses create an elegant backdrop. It’s hard not to feel conspicuous with the sword hidden inside the leather jacket that he’s resisted several attempts by staff to take away and hang up.
“Took you long enough,” he says to Cas as they get closer and then shifts his gaze to her, “Hey, Christina.”
It’s the only Vietnamese restaurant in North Platte, Nebraska. Dean is suspicious of nearly everything about it, but for once Cas rides roughshod over his traditionalist tendencies when it comes to food and orders for the both of them from the oversized menu -- a cryptic “double order of #4 and two medium #102s”. Dean puts up a token resistance, but says, “Well, whatever floats your boat, Cas” a bit pissily before giving in.
“What the hell do you think you were doing walking around in the dark? Didn't you hear the bear bangers?” the man demands angrily. He’s breathing heavily.
“Nope, I don’t think we’re gonna do that.” He pulls Cas down onto the bed beside him and kisses him.
Dean must be able to hear the upset in his voice. His arms drop from where they were crossed and he leans forward to pick up his own mug of tea from the coffee table. “I wasn’t staying at a hotel,” he says. “I was bunking in with a friend of mine from university,  Ash. He runs IT for one of the hospitals downtown, lives out on the Danforth. I, uh, went back to his house and I was in a bad place, and he had tequila, so we got drunk and I bailed on the last couple of days of the conference. I didn’t want to risk bumping into you and the boyfriend.”
Cas pulls the chair over to the bed and sits down. “I really don’t know what to say to you right now,” Dean says, looking at him. “Thanks for rescuing me, I guess. But I really gotta ask why you kicked me and stole my phone. That kind of worked against me following my instinct to trust you.”
“I don’t hear Tamara anymore. I think we’re good. Come on.” Dean eases open the door and Cas sighs and pushes past Dean out of the supply closet. Full-contact press of six foot of muscular angel dragging across him has Dean swallowing and trying to control his unruly body that just wants to yank Cas back against him. They stand for a moment in the cold hallway. Well, it probably isn’t cold, Dean thinks, it’s just not the warm delicious feeling of being pressed up against Cas. Dean feels his mouth open and a suggestion that they go back into the supply closet and continue their conversation about to break from his lips.
“Yeah, well, what can I say, it's kind of a gift.” The tone is snarky and Dean smiles in spite of himself. Trench Coat is charming in his own way.
Before he knows it, they’re calling his flight. The plane is too small for a jetway, so they’re led down a flight of stairs and across the cold and windy tarmac before climbing into the plane. Parka guy is a few groups ahead of him, so he’s already seated when Cas enters the plane and shuffles his way down the narrow aisle to his seat. He tries not to stare, but it’s not like the man would notice anyway, his eyes are closed. Discomfort is written plainly across his handsome face. He’s pale and breathing quickly.
“Jesus, Gabe, stop with the interrogation.” Cas walks into the tent and smiles at Dean. Like the day before, he’s wearing an MSF tee shirt and scrubs. “I see you’ve met my brother. Sorry about that.”
He peers up at Dean. “Oh for fuck’s sake. You again.” Trench Coat struggles into a sitting position and looks at Dean before leaning over and spitting out blood, “Of course I can walk.” He doesn’t seem to be in any hurry to make good on that pronouncement.
Welp, he’s feeling disturbingly sober after that interaction. If there’s gonna be another ghost showing up, maybe a beer might not be a bad thing.  He pulls on some sweatpants and a bathrobe over his boxers and pads down the hallway towards the kitchen. He can hear Sam snoring behind the closed door to his bedroom. Cas’s door is ajar, and Dean can’t help himself from peeking in. Cas is a rounded lump under the covers.
Dean’s glad Victor is going to be with him all the way up to the northern lease blocks. He’s good company, easy to talk to and knowledgeable about the country.
“Okay. So is that why you’ve been dragging yourself around work like a kicked puppy? You’re beating yourself up for emotionally cheating on Michael?”
He looks up. Meg is sitting at her desk, her office door open. “You’re still here? I saw Dean Hipster heading down the stairs like fifteen minutes ago. I thought you were with him.” She pauses at the look on his face. “Tell me you didn’t fuck this up.”
The scene changes. Dean can see himself in a confessional. The shadow of the screen half obscuring his face.
“Yes,” Cas says, “it’s fine”, but instead of putting the phone down and snuggling back under the covers, he swings his legs over the side of the bed and heads for the bathroom. Mornings after suck. There’s nothing quite as awkward as facing someone in the cold light of day. Someone whose tongue you’ve had down your throat (and a few other places, a snarky part of him chimes in) during an alcohol-fueled passion. Memories from the night before come back unbidden when he’s in the shower. Looking in the bathroom mirror, he can see himself blush. And what’s that on his neck? A hickey. Great. He realizes he can’t hide in the bathroom forever and finally comes out.
Cas keeps stealing looks at Dean. His face is flushed and his teeth are white against his skin when he smiles at something on the television. He picks up his beer bottle and cradles it in his hands. His strong, capable hands. Cas shakes his head to get that thought out of there quick. Dean looks up and catches Cas staring.
together at her place, with her sister.” Cas’s eyebrows rise at that. “Guilty pleasure,” Dean says defensively. “That song played after Johnny Drake died, and it’s so dramatic and Jess cried so hard that I teased her about it forever, so it became our song.”
Everywhere the vaccination clinic went, girls disappeared. Fuck, Youssef told me about it himself to try to keep me away from you. Girls gone missing in Koro Toro. In Gouro.”
He’s got more than an hour to kill, so he stops in a convenience store kiosk along the main concourse to get some gum and a replacement pair of earbuds. As he’s trying to decide what colour Skullcandy he wants, his traitorous brain replays a scene from the past.
are spirits of the ancestors celebrating life, reminding us that we are all part of Creation. Their dancing forms a pathway for the souls as they travel to the next world. The story tells us that when we leave this earth, we will dance out the doorway to the next world in spirit form. When we do, our relatives will meet us. Those left living on the earth will look up and see the northern lights dancing in the sky and be comforted.”
“The part about the bear attacking the main character reminded me of your trip to Churchill. Leo DiCaprio. Mmmm, that man.” she shakes her head and sighs dramatically, “So good looking.”
Cas is still a bit pouty over losing rock-paper-scissors to Dean and having to be bait (you’d think he’d notice what Sam’s known since they were kids, Dean always leads off with scissors). In the long-suffering voice of someone with angelic memory forced to demonstrate it, he recites:
“When you got dragged out of the alleyway and you mouthed off to Mashaya, I’ve never felt so helpless. There was nothing I could do to rescue you, and I had to reach my army contact to let them know Youssef was going to radio them the camp’s location.” He pulls Dean over so Dean’s head is resting on his chest. Dean doesn’t argue. Cas tightens his arm around Dean. “Watching them leave with you and Meg was the worst time of my life. As soon as Youssef radioed, we left. We had all the vehicles and weapons ready.”
And Dean can see it now. How could he have missed it before? Dean can see it in his eyes. He can see how Cas feels. He crosses the room and takes Cas’s mug out of his hand, ignoring his small sound of protest. He puts the mug down on the counter.
Dean can feel his heart beating in his chest. He’s dizzy. Is Cas saying what he thinks he’s saying? Does Cas feel the same way that he does?
Dean’s about to argue, but he takes a look at Cas, pale and pinched-looking now in the dim light provided by the moon, and sighs. Why not? He’ll rack up some karma points and maybe see if the attraction he feels to this asshole is still there in the morning. He guides him back to the auberge.
“Michael.” Cas’s voice is not exactly a croak, but something close to it. He stands up. “What are you doing here?”
“What does that mean in English? It’s something really random right? Like ‘wasp’ or ‘taxi’ or ‘bathing suit?’”
Dean yawns and stretches, and Cas has to struggle to pull his eyes away from the hard lines of his chest. He’s so busy staring that when he lifts his mug to take a sip, he mostly misses his mouth and coffee drips down his shirt. He curses.
God, Dean remembers the feeling of awe that came over him at that moment. He resented the hell out of it, but he couldn’t deny it. He couldn’t look away from those wings and the blue fire of Cas’s eyes. That was the moment his life changed. Nothing was the same after that.
Cas sips his beer and texts Meg to tell her he’s arrived safely in Churchill and is on the hunt for Dean. Ellen is loading bottles of beer from a box into a fridge below the bar, and when she sees Cas put his phone down, she asks him if he’s ready for another beer.
Victor shows up a few minutes later with Félix and Youssef, and Youssef leads them down the twisting streets, past the market, to a restaurant he knows called Chez Elyse. They enter, stopping just inside the door to let their eyes acclimatise to the dim interior.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Cas is angry now. “You dumped me, Michael. You made up your mind without even consulting me, emptied your stuff out of the apartment and went on to a new life without even worrying about what I wanted.” Michael starts to say something, but Cas carries on without letting him have an opening. “You were right. We don’t belong together. Looking back, it’s obvious now. You always had one foot out the door.”
“From what I’ve seen, you seem to have a lot of misunderstandings,” Dean says to the man still hanging onto his arm.
“I’m sorry.” Cas is contrite. “I didn’t hear the bear until the last minute. I wasn’t expecting to see a bear on the street. I’m here to see the northern lights. I didn’t come here to see the bears. I didn’t mean for you to come out in your slippers to save me. Thank you, by the way, I was pretty much too scared to move.”
The shojo pauses next to a couple standing outside the entrance, lighting cigarettes. She hovers for a second, gazing at the sober, and therefore oblivious, smokers with a mournful face, before her attention switches to Cas, already across the drive and heading down a path bordered with small lanterns leading into a wooded area. She turns and moves slowly after him.
“Just fly halfway across the country and turn up unannounced at his place? That’s crazy,” he scoffs. “What if he doesn’t want me after what he saw?”
, Dean. Drunk spellcasting is one thing, but you’re not coming anywhere near me with scissors right now.”
After thanking Josie for the ride he takes a shuttle back to town with some of the other visitors and ends up back at the Airbnb. He’s booked for a second aurora buggy trip that evening, and he dutifully gathers his camera and outerwear and heads back to the tundra buggy headquarters. Charlie and Dorothy aren’t on this tour, and Cas doesn’t know whether he’s sad not to see his new friends again, or relieved that he doesn’t have to make small talk.
“How do you even know what to do with all the extra stuff?” he asks. There is so much he still doesn’t know about Cas.
“I met Issa and Youssef at a vaccination clinic. Two of Issa’s cousins had been kidnapped from a village in the north. Youssef realized that I could be useful. I could travel around. Ask questions.” He stops and takes a drink. “That’s what I was doing in Albert’s in Abéché. Talking to some Canadian roughnecks who had seen jeeps carrying militants and young girls near the oilfields. I was looking for intel, but one of them got the wrong impression of why I was asking. Didn’t like my interest in the insurgents, thought I was on their side.” Cas smiles, “And there you were, butting in, trying to help where you weren’t wanted.”
“Cas. Dean. You know, if you wanted to shack up last night you could have just used the guest tent. You didn’t have to risk death and sand flies for a little nookie.” His voice is light, but even Dean can read the concern on his face. Cas rolls his eyes and helps Dean into the back seat of the Land Rover.
Dean pats the pocket of his robe. “Please. No way I’m leaving Baby’s keys in a locker. What if we needed to make a quick getaway?” They cut between two buildings and down into the tree-lined parking lot to where Baby is parked in a far corner. They walk as fast as they can through the frigid night air and Dean starts Baby up the moment they’re both inside. But she’s been sitting in the cold all day, so when Cas scoots across the bench seat and leans against Dean for warmth, he doesn’t complain. And then the interior of the car starts to glow. Blue light leaks from Cas and surrounds both of them. Dean can feel the tingle again, the one that’s a mix of arousal and the warming, healing pulse of Cas’s grace.
He puts on his coat and quietly lets himself out of the house while the shower’s still running. Hurrying along the road back the way he’d come the night before, he can see the outlines of the bear’s footprints in the well-trodden snow, the deep indents from its claws. He shivers at the thought of what those paws could have done to him, and picks up his pace, almost jogging as he moves away from Dean’s house as if he can outpace his anxiety.
After Dean leaves, Cas looks around the kitchen. He pulls out his phone and finds a Gordon Ramsay YouTube video on profiteroles and watches it twice. Huh. Profiteroles are another word for cream puffs. Who knew?
“What did he do?” ‘Him’, Cas figures, refers to Zachariah, the head of the department, and, in descending order, a pompous idiot, a petty jerk, and a lech. But a well-connected one.
Dean leans against the side window of the car and answers. “I have a kid brother, Sam. He’s a lawyer in Lawrence. A sister-in-law Eileen; she’s a teacher at the Kansas School for the Deaf. And a niece Alex, she’s four, and apparently runs the daycare preschooler room like she’s a mafia don.” Cas laughs at the descriptions.
“Let him go.” Trench Coat says to Dean in English. His voice is low and gravelly, and under other circumstances Dean would stop and appreciate the way the deep timbre is affecting him south of his belt.
As he gets closer, one of the roughnecks, who’s also standing now, surges across the table, grabbing the attractive stranger by the front of his shirt and cocking his other fist back, ready to punch.
He can hear Sam cursing behind him, but he’s already out of the den and through the door from the bunker to the garage. He gets the ladder down from the hook on the garage wall, opens the big garage door and puts the ladder outside before going back in for the box of lightbulbs and a screwdriver. It’s snowing again. He’s up on the ladder screwing the cover of the light back on when he hears a car turn off the road and into the driveway.
“Dean, we checked everywhere. No hex bags, no hex coins. It’s likely it was just a run of bad luck for that high school.”
“It was. And maybe that’s the problem. It was really good. It was more than one-night-stand good. It was...giving-me-feelings good.” He pushes the last few homefries around his plate moodily.
Dean and Sam take off in hot pursuit. Cas grabs the large metal colander from the dish rack beside the sink, dislodging a squirrel that was napping in a cereal bowl. He sprints down the hall after them.
And what’s more, he doesn’t feel at all the way he thought he would when this scenario had played out in his mind late at night when he couldn’t sleep.  He stands there, frozen to the spot as Michael walks right up and puts his hands on Cas’s shoulders, pulling him in to kiss him.
They leave the main building and walk past the hot pools and the Finnish sauna down a path that leads to an octagonal building. Through the windows Dean can see people relaxing in chairs around a central, glass-fronted fireplace. Beyond is the edge of the woods, a broken piece of caution tape hanging dispiritedly from a wooden stake beside a roll of snow fencing..
“Cas! Are you going on the polar bear tour?” she asks. “Dorothy and I are going out on the tundra buggy again.”
just to be sure demons weren’t taking vermin vessels. The squirrel had looked unimpressed, but not demonic, as it went about its business emptying the feeder of sunflower seeds.
“Taking care of the squirrel problem. Non-lethally.” Dean checks the book one more time, chants a few words, and drops a lit match into the bowl. A puff of aggressively green smoke boils up from the bowl and dissipates in the chilly air. “This banishing spell oughta do the trick.”
“Yeaaah, I’m out,” Gabe says, and stands up. He’s not exactly swaying, but it seems to be taking a noticeable amount of concentration for him to push out of the gravitational pull of the table and head towards the door. Cas rolls his eyes and follows his brother, casting a wary eye over to where Naomi stands deep in conversation with a group of suits. Gabe detours a few steps to pluck a glass of champagne off the tray of a passing waiter. There’s going to be hell to pay when Naomi figures out they’ve ditched, but Cas can’t help feeling like he’s broken out of Alcatraz when he and Gabe cross the lobby of the hotel and spill out onto the sidewalk grinning at each other.
They stand outside in the courtyard near the fountain, while Félix and Youssef have one more smoke before heading in.
“‘M ok.’ Dean says, “Just a little dizzy,” He leans heavily against the wall as his vision darkens. “Cas—”
The chiming of Cas’s phone wakes him. He lies still for a moment, revelling in comfort. He’s warm, even though he’s not wearing any clothes, and someone’s pressed up against his left side, snoring softly. He lies there for a moment longer, letting this all sink through the sleepy cocoon of wellbeing he’s currently inhabiting.
“Got it. Staying in the courtyard.” And he does. At first. He goes and sits on the bench next to the fountain. It’s dark in the courtyard, the moon’s past full and waning. He can pick out Ursa Major and Ursa Minor. He’s looking at the north star when he hears it: shouting coming from the other side of the courtyard wall. Dean gets up and goes to the open gateway. He hears shouting again, a ways down the narrow, walled-in street. It’s Arabic mostly, a word or two of French. Two men are yelling.
“I couldn’t tell you the truth. I couldn’t risk anyone finding out that I knew Youssef and that he’s army. I’ve been working with the Chadian army for six months trying to find out where the camps are that the rebels have been using to hide the girls. Asking questions when I was travelling for vaccine clinics.”
Scarves show up in September. One for him and one for Sam. Sam’s is cream coloured and long enough for Dr. Who. Dean’s is moss green and plain and very soft. He tries it on and finds himself rubbing it against his cheek. He stops before Sam can catch him doing it.
Shaking and nauseated, Cas ends up back at Charlie and Dorothy’s hotel, which, praise be, has working wifi. He’s sitting in the lobby using Google Maps to find his Airbnb when a familiar voice calls his name excitedly. He looks up to see Charlie standing there with a coffee and her coat slung over her arm.
“Are you going to open it sometime this year?” he says. “I picked up the mail yesterday and you’ve been staring at it pretty much nonstop since then.”
His mind starts wandering, taking his attention away from his throbbing leg. Cas sure seems to be a magnet for trouble: the almost bar fight in Abéché, the actual fight in Faya-Largeau, the mysterious conversation with the Chadian girl at the Bucket that he denied, and now producing a gun and being hunted by Boko Haram, who showed up very coincidentally in a very remote place. Maybe he’s not the best person to get involved with, killer blue eyes or not. Something else is bothering him too. Something that Youssef or Félix had said to him. It wasn’t about Cas, but it made him think of something Cas had said, about the measles clinics and missing girls. He thinks hard, but it doesn’t come clear in his mind. Irritated with himself, Dean checks his watch and turns the flashlight on after half an hour, shining it in the direction Cas left in.
Cas smiles. “You have to keep the wound dry. I’m going to tape the bag over the bandage so you can shower. It’s just surgical tape, don’t be a baby.”
“Well first of all, I haven’t seen the movie, so I couldn’t tell you. And second,” he says, pointing at her with his toast,  “I think
Dean is very aware of Cas sitting next to him and the heat coming from Cas’s body. It’s a good feeling, comforting and ever-so-slightly erotic. The sky darkens, and strings of bare bulbs woven through the ropes holding the tarps up come on, giving the bar a party atmosphere. Meg is telling a story involving snakes and laundry from her time in the Natal province of South Africa when Cas gets up to go to the bar for yet another round.
Despite the coffee, Dean’s feeling the beginning of a headache. A souvenir of the night before at the Bucket, no doubt. He fumbles in his backpack and pulls out some Tylenol, which he washes down with bottled water and puts both back in the pack. “I’m pretty sure my headache is Gabe’s fault,” he grouses, remembering Gabe buying more than one round of beer the night before. “He’s incorrigible. I hope your other brother is a better person.”
“The bartender.” Cas gestures at the bottles he’s put down on the table as if it should be obvious. His face is carefully blank.
“Dean and I will imbibe enough alcohol so that we can see the shojo. I will act as bait and stagger theatrically around the winery and grounds so that Dean, also a bit “lit” can “shank” her with the katana blessed by a Shinto priest. You will stay sober and run interference with anyone who might get in the way, and generally keep the other partygoers safe.”
“It’s not that kind of spa,” Cas had explained. “It’s a Nordic spa. Outdoors. Saunas. Steam rooms. Hot and cold pools. Heated hammocks.”
“Incoming,” Gabe says under his breath, putting his glass on the table. Cas straightens up, unconsciously putting himself in front of his brother.
What sounds like a breath of relief passes between Dean’s smiling lips as he pulls away, just far enough to whisper, “I can work with that.”
Traffic is lighter than usual, a lot of people home for this week between Christmas and New Year’s, and Meg drops him off at Pearson International Airport with time to spare. The flight from Toronto to Winnipeg passes quickly, and before he knows it, he’s riding down an escalator in Winnipeg’s Richardson International, on his way to the gate for his connecting flight to Churchill.
Dean shares the bed with Cas, who sticks to his own side of the bed and is restless, but doesn’t show any other symptoms. Dean has to admit that the way they’re sharing the bed is nothing like the stray daydreams he may or may not have had about the mysterious blue-eyed man he’d had in the week or so since he saw him in Abéché. Those had been decidedly less G-rated. He smiles at himself. How did he get into a situation like this? Sharing a bed with the guy that he’s nursing some kind of misguided crush on. At 8:30 he wakes Cas, who groans as he opens his eyes.
. His leg is throbbing again, and he winces, letting his head fall back against the car. It’s silent now, the gunfire has stopped.
He stands there, hands in the pockets of his light jacket, and waits. The car pulls up and parks, catching Dean in the headlights. The engine shuts off and Cas slowly gets out and stands, the open door in front of him like a shield. He’s wearing his trench coat over a hoodie and jeans. Snow spirals down and lands in his hair.
Cas knows this is his opening. He briefly wishes he’d shut his office door before reaching for Dean. He’s still got his jacket on, and that gives Cas something to grab hold of. There’s a definite moment of
“This is the first time the collection is being exhibited outside Japan. We at the Twisted River winery are happy to be the last stop on the U.S. tour and to usher in the new year surrounded by this beauty. Please feel free to look at the lovely artwork, but please refrain from touching anything. We wouldn’t want Mr. Tanaka to regret bringing this pottery to the United States.”
“I can’t Meg, I’ve got two classes to teach this semester, plus the grad students, and working on the ore models. And there’s Spock to think about.”
“I think your grace is a little outta control. And dude, is that what’s making everyone...um…romantic?”
Cas takes off his hat and mitts, and puts them down with his coat and his camera, looking around the room. It’s homey and warm. Heat is pumping out of a woodstove in the corner. Bookcases cover one wall, filled with books and dvds. A large tv sits across from a well-worn green and rust plaid-upholstered couch, a knitted afghan thrown over the back. On the coffee table are a plate with a couple of different types of cheese, a box of crackers, a beer, and the remote for the tv that’s showing the frozen image of men on horseback fording a stream.
Now that the action is over, Dean is tired and sore. Cas helps him into one of Mashaya’s Land Cruisers and, just like after he was shot at the labyrinth, makes him comfortable in the back seat and hands him some painkillers and a bottle of water. The convoy of vehicles pulls out of the perched valley and heads south towards Fada.  Dean desperately wants to talk to Cas, but he’s riding up front, next to the Chadian soldier driving the car, and so Dean resigns himself to waiting until they’re alone, and closes his eyes, letting the motion of the car lull him to sleep.
They weave their way through the columns, keeping the sun over their right shoulders and using the direction of the pillar shadows to navigate. They move as silently as possible, Cas motioning Dean to a stop occasionally to listen for pursuit. Mostly Dean just hears the wind, but once or twice he hears noises that could be pursuers. It’s hard to believe that less than an hour ago he was enjoying the hell out of kissing Cas, and now they’re literally running for their lives. He spares a thought for just how
“You really don’t.” She smiles.”It’s a good thing I love you.” She’s petting the cat that she professes not to like.
“Dean?” he says, and wastes no time in grabbing Dean by the lapels of his robe and pulling him in for another kiss.
for tonight and you’re gonna end up on the couch again.” Dean stops, mid-reach for one of the boxes as a thought hits him. “What are the meatballs called again?”
Youssef and Issa come up next, and Youssef’s smiling. The first smile Dean’s seen on his face. He claps Cas on his shoulder, and Cas returns the gesture. “I’m sorry I lied to you, but it had to remain secret,” Youssef says to Dean. “Are you ready to leave? We have loaded the prisoners and the girls and we’re ready to go.”
They come to another break in the maze, an open sandy area, probably a third the size of a football field, most of it in shadow as the sun falls lower in the sky. Cas stops and looks across at the passages on the other side. “We’re going to run across and into the second passage on the left. The one with the acacia tree just to the right of it. Got it?”
this. But, Cas is bleeding and hurt and deserves an answer, no matter how assholey he’s being. Man up, Dean. Tell the truth.
Dean’s vision is not clearing. He’s hot and lightheaded and feeling dismayingly like he’s going to puke. He sways a little and slides down the wall to collapse in a slumped heap on the shower floor.
He sends up a silent prayer of thanks and scoops it from where it ended up, half off the path. A cry from Cas galvanizes him and he runs into the gardens. Cas is on his back, the shojo over him. She looks over her shoulder and waves a talon-tipped hand towards him and Dean finds himself airborne, thrown by an invisible force across the open gardens and into the hard trunk of a eucalyptus tree. He sees stars, but manages to keep hold of the sword.
. It’s wanting his physical presence, his smile, the solid heat of his arm pressed against Dean’s in a diner booth.
Fada looks a lot like Faya-Largeau. It’s smaller, but also walled in mud brick, the walls on either side of the entry gate painted in the red, yellow and blue of the Chadian flag. Twisting streets mean that they have to drive slowly, dodging camels and pedestrians. They stop at the police station to check in and find out that the MSF camp is just outside the walls on the eastern side of town. Victor drops Dean off at the collection of tent-like buildings pitched in an flat open area and says he’ll be back in a few days. Dean stands there, his bags at his feet and feels a strange sense of adventure and elation as he watches the two cars drive slowly away. He shoulders his bag and backpack and walks towards the nearest tent.
This reminds him of being sixteen and the excruciatingly slow pace of actually putting his arm around Anna Milton at the movies. Back when he had tried talking himself into thinking girls were his thing. She had finally gotten tired of him inching his arm along the back of the seat and grabbed it to put around her shoulders.
It’s not Gabe and a random woman in the coatroom. It’s Jessica. And the long-haired groomsman. Making out passionately.
Dean runs his thumb over Cas’s knuckles and then tugs at his hand, pulling Cas over and onto the bed with him. Cas grins and lies down beside Dean. He turns his head to kiss him, but Dean moves his face out of the way. He’s got more questions, dammit, and he’s not letting himself get distracted until every last one is answered.
“What do you want, Cas?” Dean whispers into the little bit of space between them. Cas doesn’t answer, but he slowly pushes up Dean’s shirt, exposing more of his body. Dean obediently lifts his arms, allowing Cas to pull it off completely. It’s thrown to the floor and then Cas’s hands are on Dean, his turn to explore. He reaches down again, sealing their lips together. This kiss is deeper, more claiming, Cas’s tongue plundering Dean’s mouth, his need all-consuming now that it’s been ignited. He rolls over on top of Dean and his hands move to Dean’s waist, then sliding lower, feeling the sharp jut of his hip bones as he grinds against Dean. He can feel the proof of Dean’s arousal, hard beneath the denim of his jeans, pressing into his hip and he shifts slightly, rocking forward causing his own erection to slide deliciously along Dean’s. He breaks their kiss with a groan, hips still rocking into Dean’s.
“The ‘power flourishing like an oak tree’ blessing? Dude, when is it gonna stop? And why is it so different from your usual grace? Cas, it’s practically an aphrodisiac.”
Dean is looking a little ashamed now. “Well, good thing there’s only one squirrel, I don’t see him being fruitful and multiplying all on his own.” The three of them troop back into the bunker and head for the kitchen. What they see from the doorway stops them cold.
Seeing as he’s already a hostage, there’s no reason to lie about himself now. “I’m Dean Winchester. I’m an engineer for Exxon.”
“Apparently you do, Cas,” Meg says, and takes pity on him by not pressing further, instead patting his hand and then catching the waiter’s eye and asking for the cheque.
It’s the longest afternoon of Dean’s life. Even getting stalked through the labyrinth seemed to go faster. He’s jumpy and his leg hurts and no one’s offering him any more painkillers. He drags the bench away from the shade near the door of the tent, to the side, motioning at the sun when one of the guards comes over to see what he’s doing, and he sits and waits, pretending to doze in the sunshine while keeping his eye on the back wall of the perched valley and the notch in the ridgeline that would make the most sense for the first wave.
“They’re fine, she answers. “We spent most of the day lying on the floor, but we’re all fine.” She hugs Dean for good measure. “Thanks for the heads up.”
Cas cries out again and Dean pushes down panic. He fights his way out of the woods to see  Cas on his back, elbowing himself backwards, blood blooming dark on his white shirt. The shojo is stalking forward, seemingly enjoying the sight of her prey helpless on the ground. Dean covers the distance between them as quickly and as quietly as he can. He has one chance. He has to save Cas. He can’t imagine a world in which he doesn’t.
Dean thinks. Under his breath, Dean tells Meg that he wants to check out the perimeter of the camp. They stroll towards where the vehicles are parked, near the entrance to the camp, and an armed man walks out from behind one of the cars to block their way. Dean’s able to get a look at the approach to the perched valley, a twisting rudimentary road.
“I left to hit the can, and when I got back you were all over some other guy. What was I supposed to do, hang around and watch? Pick up some pointers?” Dean says acidly.
“Doctor Masters is examining the girls. I’m sure she’ll be out soon.” He turns back to his gun. It’s a dismissal. Dean holds out his hands for the guard to cut the zip ties off, then walks back to the supply tent, rubbing his wrists.
The man looks mollified. “Here, take your coat off and sit down. You’re here for a while. I have to call the bear patrol. They don’t usually stop the alert for an hour or two until they’re sure they’ve chased the bear out of town.” The man takes a cellphone out of his pocket and dials quickly. “Hey Bob, it’s Dean. Yeah, a big male just went by the house, heading north. They’re already on it? Cool. Alright, thanks. Yeah, you too. Bye.”
