Steve had indeed read his file. He talked to Natasha and Rhodes, the fact that Tony was still alive was a miracle. Not only was he a target for probably half the world but he was having a fight with himself, depression, PTSD, anxiety. He honestly wondered, why the man had never tried to take his one life, Steve was happy he never did. He couldn’t lose Tony, not yesterday, not today and certainly not in the future.
“Doc said if I want to survive, I have to protect my arteries, no fast food for me, for the next, I do no… feels like forever.”
No matter where we are
When Tony and Steve came back late that night, the living room in the common area was a mess with the Avengers sleeping in the middle of it, but the lovebirds couldn’t care less. In fact, they didn’t even see it since they didn’t waste any time to get up in the penthouse while never loosing contact to the other one’s lips.
Steve smiled. “It is. I’m happy you have people, I’m a little afraid of Rhodes, more of him as a person as with the suit, but I will survive.”
Hopefully I won't wake up this time'
Tony smiled and nodded once. “Not your fault, I didn’t want to talk.”
“I don’t!” Steve clarified again, staring both men down with his range. “It’s not right, okay? Don’t joke about it. Tony is a young man, whose heart just stopped. He was dead. Completely dead. The medics had to bring him back. It’s not funny.”
Captain America had realized it a little to late, but Tony did care, about everything and everybody. He took anything out on himself, to commit murder would only destroy his psyche. Still, he nodded to confirm the suspicion.
Steve let out a dry laugh. “I did.”
Steve turned back to face him, smiling softly at the man in the bed. “It was a pleasure.” He bit his lip before opening his jacket and taking out the comics and the roses that had indeed suffered a little. “Sorry… I thought it would be nice and then I believed I was making a fool of himself.” Tony’s eyes softened, so much even that Steve believed he would cry any second now.
“I’m sorry Tony, that must have been very traumatic.”
That’s also what Bruce had thought, when in Cap’s second day off he had walked into the kitchen of Tony’s penthouse and had found Steve laying on the couch, pale and kind of smaller than before while Tony had been trying to serve a decent breakfast.
Especially since Yinsen’s news weren’t the best. The pacemaker probably wasn’t good enough. It wasn’t even the right thing for his condition. Sure, it helped his heart pump if that shit thing decided it couldn’t anymore. But even though, they found the major problem of his condition, it hadn’t sound promising at all.
Even though he had liked the book, he stopped reading from time to time to just watch his friends joking and playing around. This image had stuck with him forever, but only now he found time to actually sketch it down properly. He hoped he got it right, he had pictures from that day but he wanted to get their faces right without technological help. This was great memory training, at last.
“There are some ‘ifs’ in your sentence.” Tony detected but he smiled regardless, so Steve was hoping that he gave a good answer. “I don’t want you to choose between your best friend and me, hell, I couldn’t choose between you and Rhodey… Just, I think I need some assurance for our relationship. I don’t want you to drop me, if he’s ever back in the picture.”
“I can show you a few things, if you want, Steve?” Pepper proposed. “I think I’m rather skilled. I kept Tony and Rhodey alive quite a few times.”
“No, no.” Steve tried to calm him. “He’s fine, physically. It’s Howard, he was run over by car. It was a hit and run, one week passed and he is still in a coma without a change. Tony and I kinda fought yesterday partly because of it, I mean…” Steve sighed. He wasn’t actually trying to make his case with Tony’s best friend, right?
When all of them nodded, he smiled once. “Very well, I see you guys later. His room is number 431.” And then he left them alone.
“Tony… I can’t live here for free, and eat, drink… I can’t take that.”
Tony smiled for a second. “Well, you see. My life is never boring. It’s not as if I didn’t want sex or even a relationship… Since that and short after my abduction, I’ve got some serious trust issues.”
“You can’t even tell me anymore, if I have to prepare for your death?” Pepper asked, and Steve just couldn’t bear it anymore. He pushed the door open, starring Pepper down the exact moment their eyes met. He was fit to be tied.
“You sure about that?” Sam laughed. “You’re acting like a mother hen around everybody.”
“When did you eat the last time?” Steve asked again.
'I tried so hard and got so far
“He stayed near.” Sam confirmed Steve’s thoughts.
“I ditched into SHIELD’s files and systems. I mean JARVIS did, but yeah.” The billionaire started.
Tony snorted once. “I lived with Rhodey when I started at MIT and he will gladly tell you, that he won’t ever do that again, and Pepper would directly laugh at your face for only thinking we could do that. I used to bring people here. You know the weekends… I’m not doing that anymore… So, I’m usually alone.”
“No!” Steve answered without hesitation.
“First of all, he saved my life. Second of all, he needs a place to stay. Third of all he’s a friend. And this is my place, so if one of you is leaving, it’s you.”
Steve couldn’t describe how Tony smelled, part of it was his expensive perfume he wore, some was the scent of his favorite coffee, he didn’t know the name but it came from Columbia, there was more to it, but he was not sure what. He only knew he loved it, and it helped him fall asleep.
Steve pushed Tony of him, more or less gentle and jumped off the bed to hide behind the next door he could reach. “Steve?” He heard a murmur from Tony, before he closed the door behind him.
Steve nodded once, ready to leave the room and let Tony handle the rest of it. Surprisingly, the billionaire seemed to actually be clearer headed about this situation. He would do what was necessary, and Steve knew he was to close. Maybe Tony’s breakdown helped him see things in another light.
Tony’s face on the other hand turned into his cold mask he wore whenever he needed to hide away, it had been a while since Steve saw this kind of mask on him. “Not sure, right now.”
'I dream of you almost every night
“He’s in a better place now.” Tony interrupted his thoughts.
“It’s none of my business? Since when?” She asked getting progressively more furious. Tony shook his head snorting.
“Had?” Tony laughed. “You stopped having sex, why would you do that?”
“I can wait. See you guys.” He said and entered Tony’s room. He was indeed asleep, so Steve only silently put the flowers into a glass of water and sat down next to the Stark boy.
“Could be his trigger.” Tony thought out loud. “Maybe used as hypnosis subject or maybe there’s a text in there… Try getting more out of him, JARVIS can inform Natasha and they can look out for that book.”
The man looked at his feet, which was a motion Steve had never seen in him. He had always walked with his head up. When he saved Steve, when he was in the war, first front. Even when HYDRA captured him, when Steve found him, there was no head down. And after Bucky became the Winter Soldier, he hadn’t seen a sign of shakiness in Sargeant Barnes.
“Yeah, why not.” He answered and cuddled himself even closer to Steve.
“You’re not dead now, right? And there’s always a chance it’s something fixable.” He finally answered and decided to go even a little further. “And I refuse to believe that God would have given you your genius mind if you wouldn’t be able to put it to use.”
“Yeah. I think, it was more about last time… Although it’s still weird that she fled. It’s not really her style. Maybe she wanted to give us some privacy. Then again I just told her about Bucky and what happened.” Tony frowned and shrugged then. “She probably just felt uncomfortable, in the end she’s still my ex.”
“He said, a few months until they’ve repaired your cardiac defect. I thought about learning myself some cooking skills, we will be fine.” He scrunched his nose. “Maybe not the first week or two, but after. I won’t poison you.”
Tony let himself fall back onto the couch, closing his eyes. “Oh, Cap, you’re going to take care of me, what a lucky boy I am.” Steve wanted to tell him not to be sarcastic, wanted to have a talk with him about the importance of his life, that he needed to take care, but right now, he just smiled. Watching the man, he was head over heels in love with. He loved Tony and if he didn’t believe his life was worth enough to take care of, Steve certainly did.
Steve walked up to him and sat down next to Tony. “I was very nice!”
“And I thought, Steve was a bad liar.” She said, but with honest sadness in her voice. Even if she didn’t believe in their relationship, Tony was important to her as was Pepper. She didn’t like to see neither him nor her, hurt.
“The closet, Rogers? How clichéd…” Tony sighed and fell back on the bed and closed his eyes again. Steve had no idea why, but the man in front of him was clearly still shaken about Pepper. Even if they separated, Steve didn’t thing that was a normal reaction.
“Right, okay fine.” He crossed his arms. “We can have a date, but I choose the place and pay.”
He looked a moment into Tony’s direction. The other man wasn’t exactly hiding, but he obviously tried to stay away as far as humanly possible for the moment. “I’ll come back the moment you need me, if any of the Avengers need me, because you saved me.”
“Okay.” Steve answered and restrained himself from his tears. They would see each other again, wouldn’t they?
“It is you then?”
“What you mean like flowers or chocolate?”
“No, none of that. Don’t ‘Tony’ me with your honeyed voice. Not working, okay?”
And that’s how the next week passed rather quickly. Tony took over Cap’s role and did well enough, he still had his nightmares and another minor panic attack when he decided to face Bucky once again one night, but apart from that he was leading the Avengers as if he only swapped bodies with Steve.
“We don’t have a minute.” He screamed. It was not as terrible as it sounded. There were no civilians around, everybody fled while they could. Tony was the only one that stayed. So, nobody heard him losing his mind.
Steve grinned and went along with it. “I’m a little jealous of that guy, but you can wear anything and still be the most beautiful human being I ever laid eyes on and now let’s go.”
James shook his hand. “We love Tony. We keep an eye on him as much as we can.”
“You didn’t like what you saw, right?” Tony starred down at his hands and shook his head a couple of times.
“I did, very. Thank you.” A little smile appeared on both faces. “But you shouldn’t get yourself involved with me, not only because of the public, but also because I’m toxic, people don’t end up in good places when they’re with me.” He dried his eyes with his scrub shirt he was still wearing. “The sweeter you are to me, the more I fall for you and the harder it will be to see you go.”
Home is wherever I'm with you'
“I have an idea.” Steve smiled, now laying his hand on Tony’s cheek. “I saw it and last time I nearly believed you were dead, I am sure if I hadn’t come, you would have since you blocked everyone out.”
Hours later he entered the workshop, loud music crashing his ears and a mess in front of Tony awaiting him. The genius had probably just disassembled one of the prosthetics into fragments. They were lying next to him while he was going through his notes.
Tony’s voice got more silently when he restarted talking. “I was lucky that day… My fellow partner probably freaked out and ran away. I woke up again, but I felt as if I was still not okay. I called the ambulance, and I passed out yet again just after finishing the call. Next time I woke up I was in intensive care; my Dad was holding my hand, and was crying some ugly tears.”
“I didn’t even know I had a fondue.” Tony answered confused.
“After eating breakfast, I’m all in.”
“I won’t do that. Never. And, I understand. Plus, Rhodey was not brainwashed and killed my parents, so I think Rhodey and I can totally get along.” Tony laughed a short moment.
She smiled at him. “Yes. My colleague gave him an infusion late at night.” She took off one of the multiple bags hanging next to Tony. “It ran out probably an hour ago. He should wake up soon. And he should eat after, Dr. Yinsen will come for a check-up around 10 o’clock.”
“I do.” Tony nodded and ate the rest of his plate within a minute, while Steve was just waiting for an answer.
“Serious?” Was Steve’s only answer. “I mean, I would be a stranger in your home, your safe place…”
“Don’t discuss maths with Tony, Honey.” Natasha interfered. “Not worth it. And Tony? Wouldn’t you like to see Clint go to the Giants?”
“Yep, classes, later.” Nat answered.
“You’re getting into something that’s too big for you, I don’t want you to get hurt in the process, or after.”
He had been on the mercy of those terrorists and only Rhodey and his team were able to save him, and after, there were the weeks his father forced him to stay in the hospital. He had to give up his control. For months, he didn’t not only have to fear his life, but he was nowhere in control of it. He couldn’t have that again, could he?
But then again, Steve didn’t want to run. He knew that there had always been a certain tension between Tony and him. He never realized of which nature it was and honestly his first reaction on the billionaire when he showed up at Sam’s apartment was annoyance. Already seconds later, he had known that he was not really angry at him for being there, for trying to help, but he was furious that Tony did not ask them, him, for help with the Mandarin, sure he had Rhodes but…
“Can someone please explain to me what kind of problem Tony has with Bucky? I mean Loki and all those aliens, I get it. I have problems with that part, too. But your friend? Didn’t everybody until a week ago believed he was death? Is Tony jealous or what?”
In fact, the thought of another Alpha having
Tony kissed him instead of answering, tearing at Steve’s shirt until he could feel the ripple and tense of muscles at the Alpha’s abdomen and moaning, grinding back into the grip at his ass until Steve was swearing and kissing him back almost savage.
“Fuck DC.”
“Sir? Miss Potts is currently down in the lobby. She’s asking for permission to enter the penthouse and have a conversation with you.” JARVIS announced around lunch time.
Tony grinned up at him. “Take care, Cap. I’m not burying the national icon.” Tony reached out his hand to say goodbye, but it was not enough for Steve. He was not feeling so well about the situation. He grabbed the man’s hand and pulled him against his chest.
“What?” Natasha wondered. “This seems illogical. Mr. Stark is a billionaire, why wouldn’t they claim money for his only son, the heir of Stark Industries?”
“Kick some asses in Afghanistan. The right ones.”
He pushed his head up and smiled directly into Steve’s face. “I’m only going to explain that once. I came to you, in the middle of the night, after I cried for hours, I’m lying on top of you right now, I shared some of my emotions, although it’s just the tip of the iceberg, but I’m getting to it. I just told you that you were more important to me than revenge for my parent’s death.” He shook his head and grinned at little. “This is the closed to ‘I love you’, you will come tonight. Take it or leave it."
Natasha even believed Tony had greater chemistry with Rhodey. Hell, even any of the Avengers had greater chemistry with Tony and that included herself and Clint. At least, they didn’t try taking something away from the man.
“Little? Man, I don’t know if there’s something wrong with your eyes, but he certainly isn’t little.” He interrupted Bucky before he had the time to analyze them more.
The couch was comfortable, more so than his bed in his apartment in Washington D.C. It was even big enough for him. He took a blanket from a box next to the couch. It was soft and so warm but mostly – and Steve hated to admit it, because he felt like a creep – it smelled unmistakably like Tony.
Natasha and Clint arrived in the middle of the night. When the elevator doors opened in front of them, one smiled softly and the other one’s jaw dropped.
“It’s funny how you hated his guts when you two met.” Pepper laughed.
“He can’t say anything.” Tony answered. He really wasn’t a person to play the what if game, only if it didn’t play in his favor.
“Goodnight, Tony.” Steve answered before realizing that Tony had confirmed the feeling he had himself. Was it really only three days?
One of the robots came with his claw and picked at his ribs. “That’s Dummy. You have to pet him, or he won’t stop.” Steve did as he was told, still trying to figure out if he wasn’t in a weird science fiction movie.
“No return or exchange possible.” He answered when Steve laid him on the bed. He grinned brightly, taking of Tony’s pants. Good for him that he didn’t want an exchange. The last week with Tony was great, and he learned more about the man than he knew ever before and he loved every piece of that information. He would never regret the decision to try his chance with Tony.
“He won’t Tony.” Steve declared. “Yes, he’s my best friend, but as long as you’re not alright with him, he won’t be a part of our future okay? There’s still so much to come, I mean, people will want explanation when his surviving is public news… We’re far from the point where he’s going to be that close to us, especially to you.”
“You were fifteen when you hit on me.” She laughed. “I was nineteen. That’s a crime. You were cute, though but not in the way you are now. It was the kind of ‘oh little genius boy is walking around with the big boys’ You were sweetly pathetic. Is that combination even possible? Now you’re really sweet and handsome… a little bit grown-up.”
“Good night.” Cap whispered when Tony had already left. He sat there and starred at his plate. It went bad, not terrible as he imagined but Tony flew which isn’t the best scenario he did imagine. He wasn’t even sure what he had expected. Hitting his head against a wall sounded pretty good in that moment.
“Took you long enough.” Steve rolled his eyes.
Snowman - Sia
“I was kidnapped, a year ago.” Tony whispered into the room. “I mean, I was before… in the US and every time, I was able to escape myself.”
Now they sat here, next to Howard Stark’s bed and Tony tapping furiously away on his laptop to keep the company running. Jarvis’ and Steve’s efforts to stop him were choked down with only so much as a glance.
“So, you’re saying that because chances are high he won’t make it through, he doesn’t deserve my support?” Only while talking, Steve realized how his voice had turned a little higher and he actually was getting angry.
Steve nodded. “You’re right. I get in contact with Nat; she can get Hawkeye on the game. Tony, you get Bruce back here.”
Steve nodded. “The Jericho.” He noted.
“Pretty accurate, Rogers. Did you study psychology or something?” Pepper smirked.
Bucky leaned his head against the wall. “No, he certainly isn’t anymore. Well, when he’s around people, he changed, you know… I don’t know, he isn’t my Stevie anymore.”
“You sure?”
“God, Tony! You’re the math genius, right? That doesn’t mean that you’re only dying in two years. It just means that at least by then you’re dead, which is even pretty pinned-up, and if you would stop being a bullhead, you would see that too. The doc wants you in a good condition for the operation, that’s now.”
“To find Barnes. Help him remember, getting him back to being a good man.” Tony clarified and shocked Steve, who lost his voice. They had talked about Bucky and Steve going on a mission to find him. Tony told him it was alright, he just wanted to keep his distance, until he was a hundred percent sure, Bucky was back at being Bucky. Where did this idea come from?
Tony shook his head and walked around the kitchen. He grabbed two bananas, showed them like a price into Steve’s direction. “That will do, I lost a lot of time on the hospital. There are two prosthetics laying around in the workshop. They have a malfunction and people are waiting for them. See you later, dude.”
“We’ve got proof!” Clint exclaimed the moment Tony answered a video call from him, when the next week had just started. Natasha only rolled her eyes next to him.
We'll be counting stars'
He would not be living with another person’s heart. And he definitely wouldn’t be sitting around for weeks, possibly months to wait for someone to have a terrible accident or something just so he could live on.
“Yep, Daddy’s home.” He patted their heads, and was laughing as if nothing in the world could bother him. Steve was completely falling in love with Tony, and nothing would make him regret it. “Meet my new friend, Steve. You gotta be kind to him, he’s a captain in the army and he saved my life.”
It was enough to speak to you to tame you
Steve smiled fondly at him. “You know what? Not even for a second, I could forget you’re a genius, never. But the fact that you’re only twenty and working on your second PhD, that’s shocking, and I only remembered it after seeing this. You’re remarkable, Tony.”
No, I hear someone else though
“People bet on everything, sports, the presidency, next royal baby, next world war and definitely on the possible death of the only Stark heartier. Wallstreet is going crazy too, if Tony dies, SI stocks will drop. And not only a bit but probably about 25 to 30%, or worse.” Pepper explained.
He suffered from the loss of his best friend and his chance on Peggy; only to find out now that Bucky was totally still alive and ready to kill Steve on the right commands. Not to forget that even if his friend was healed he might face the death penalty and all their work would go to waste.
Steve shrugged. “To be honest, on one side, it changes nothing; I still want to get to know you, be your friend, and on the other side it changes everything because I already can’t imagine a world without you. And yeah, I’ve known you for two days, but I know you through Bucky, a little with Nat and Sam. Every one of them likes you, and you’re so nothing like the way the medias pictures you.” He paused and took a deep breath. “You deserve better, Tony.” He used the Bucky’s words.
They had been talking for hours, dealing with a lot of serious stuff that had happened, Steve’s parents, Jarvis and Ana. But also, about funny things, how Tony shut off all of Howard’s computers at Christmas and how Rhodey walked in on him having sex with a man for the first time.
“You think I am afraid of a fucking fag?” He sneered. “Whose cock did you blow to play captain?” Stane grinned up to him, probably waiting or hoping for Steve to take a hit at him, just to report him to the police. But Steve had had military training, he definitely had heard worse and he clearly wasn’t as dumb as Stane hoped. He just kept on staring down on his opponent.
“Sorry, I just finished off talks with politicians. I hate those people.”
Steve put Tony’s hands that he was still holding together and planted a kiss on top of them. “I love you. And I mean it. When I met you, I fell for you just by looking into your eyes but there’s so much more about you than just your looks. Your funny, charismatic, a fucking genius, kind and genuine, honest and the sweetest man I ever met. And don’t doubt me, people tell me I’m also honest.”
Tony switched back on the TV. “You saved my life.” He said casually and swiped through the programs before landing on a cooking show. “You can choose out of two free rooms. Someone cleans the house every week, and groceries are delivered on Tuesday and Friday, if there’s something you like or need, put it on the list. There’s a tablet in the kitchen.”
‘It’s more comfortable’, Tony had told him, when he allowed JARVIS to take off the iron shackles from Bucky.
“Fine, but while I speak, you will eat.” Tony rolled his eyes but followed Steve’s rule. The blond man watched Tony for a moment before he decided how to start. “Sam told you, that you were by my side until the medics arrived and you told Natasha that my friend saved me, which makes me believe it was Bucky and you saw him.”
After that he ended the call fast enough and looked down at Steve that had been laying on his lap since the day started. The blond man stared up at him but didn’t say a word. He patiently waited for Tony to confirm that it was good news or that it wasn’t.
“Fine.” Cap capitulated. “So, what do we do? We need to take Sitwell that won’t be easy.” Now it was Sam grinning at the one half of the original Avengers.
“Another two days, probably.”
“Tones, you…” Steve started, but Tony stopped him with a single glance. He was determined. He wanted to stop this nightmare from hunting him. The only way to overcome his hate and angst of this man, was to meet him and get to know the Bucky who was Steve’s best friend.
I, I did it all
So come on, let's go'
“You flatter me, Romanoff. But yes, Cap. I can disappear, I did it just a couple of months ago.”
“Working.” Tony answered shortly and only tapped more furiously.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You do know who I am, right? Son of Howard Stark? On the 4th of July, we did not celebrate the Independence Day but the birthday of Captain America.”
Tony grinned. “Course, I would. If Clint wants to, I’ll talk to them. But again, he will probably be one of the first picks, Giants will have to do really bad to get an early pick and I really don’t want that. Maybe he can go to a shit team for two years and then trade to the Giants.”
“Tony told me, I’m his best friend, of course he would. I spoke to Natasha and Rhodey about it. Rhodey will give you the shovel talk when he’s back.” Pepper admitted. Steve restrained himself from answering that he wouldn’t be in the States anymore when Tony’s other best friend returned.
“I do.” And without any hesitation, Steve walked along the hallway to the elevator that would bring him to Tony.
He turned back to Tony. “So, maybe for me it was also proving myself that this wasn’t the usual way, that I would make it back. Last but not least, Bucky went. He is all the family I have, it wasn’t clear that we would end up together, we didn’t every time. Maybe it was destiny to that I was with him, when he lost his arm.”
“Am I even allowed to eat cheese?” Tony grinned while sitting back up. Steve bit down on his lip and held a plate in front of Tony, filled with different bread, fruits and some meat.
“A global insufficiency.” Yinsen repeated what he had just said, after Steve’s loud ‘A what?’ “Basically, the human body has two half’s of the heart, and either one of them can have the problem of not pumping strong enough. The left side is the one pumping blood into your body circulation, the right half is there to send the blood into your pulmonary circulation. Insufficiency means logically that they’re not working good enough, often it’s only one of them. In this case it’s both.” He had tried to explain it in the easiest way possible.
Tony shook his head. “That’s not a solution. He’s your friend, your brother.” He was slowly calming down, still trembling in Steve’s arms.
“And you don’t wanna do it today?” Steve lifted his eyebrow and wondered.
“Technically, no…” Tony specified, only raising his eyes high enough to see Bruce face.
“Oh Tony!” Steve said softly and embraced the man. “I’m so sorry.” He whispered. “I did not, and I mean really not, intent do to that, I just panicked and she is your ex, I didn’t want to make a scene. That won’t ever happen again, alright?” Tony leaned into the hug and Steve felt how he relaxed again. “Your turn.” Steve told him and ending the hug.
“Times change, Barton.” Steve explained. “Have a seat. We were just planning on the proceedings.”
Oh, home, let me come home
“Tony?”
He should have gone for Tony's friendship, that would have been sufficient.
“Make it short then, my lunch break is only thirty minutes long.”
“Usually. They’re like dogs, especially the one finding himself a new dad. That means with the right training they listen; without, they forget the rules the moment they see a cat. Dummy’s not missing training but coding from my part, and the cat thing is something he does whenever he feels like work is boring or he knows better.”
“So, Captain America, any preferences in shows? What haven’t you seen yet?” Tony asked while swiping through his phone. “Mh, The Blacklist, always wanted to see, but way too much blood and violence for our innocent souls…” He swiped further. “The Big Bang Theory? Nah, to nerdy, you suffer enough with me.”
Steve was a little relieved. Tony still called him by his name, which was a good sign if you knew the man. But Steve also felt his pain, deep inside his eyes. And he knew, Tony would never forget, as if he had not already enough nightmares to live through.
“So, you’re going to the hospital?” Bucky asked while they had breakfast.
“He sure is, ready to go. His dad is against it, as are we. He is just in there, together with Obadiah…” James Rhodes spoke out the name with so much disgrace that Steve didn’t even need to ask about the man.
“I can stay.” Steve told him. “I’m pretty sure that seat his more comfortable than Bucky’s couch.” That eased the atmosphere at least a little bit. And Tony’s best friends seemed to need a little time off to recollect their emotions.
First of all: I'm soooo sorry! I'm in my exam period and even if I write a little bit now and then, it never worked out to be good enough for me. I still have an exam next Tuesday but I couldn't delay it anymore.
“You’re hanging around with those people and me. Something must be wrong with you.” He laughed. “But no, I thought more about what you think about me. How does it come that you seem to like me?”
Tony was another story. He didn’t even acknowledge Steve when they met, not giving him those ‘thankful for what you did’ talks. He probably disliked Steve because he reminded him of his father.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, eventually. I know it’s not possible from one day to another, the company would crash and we have contracts, but as soon as possible.”
Pepper laughed turning away to look back on the match, eating some popcorn. Steve grinned and stole some of it. “You are not supposed to enjoy it, Rogers. You are here to work.” She told him but had a wide smile on her face.
Steve put his hand on Tony’s arm and waited until his boyfriend looked up to him. “Not anymore.” He said seriously. “You have us. You have me!”
Tony sighed, his eyes showed a sadness he was hiding deep down inside of him. “I would rather not go into public, not because of you, well partly. First of all, those reporters are going to kill me and when you’re there they will freak you out and then you’re gone before anything even started.” He scratched his head with his hand full of grease, but he didn’t even care. “And I don’t want to be the reason why you’re feeling uncomfortable in the army. I know those guys, and I understand why you keep in the closet while you’re there. So, I’d rather not go out with you… Not now.”
One Republic - I Lived
'Have you ever looked up at the stars in the sky,
“No! Please, Captain Rogers. I’m positive, your arriving will help Sir’s actual state.“
“Nope.” Steve answered. The man would have to kill him before he leaves on his demand. Stane walked directly up to him, clearly losing his temper more and more. He pushed his index finger into Steve’s shoulder.
Captain Steve Rogers walked along MIT campus, trying not to react in any way of the people watching him. He made quite the impression with his uniform. He grinned a little to himself when a group of girls stared at him without any shame. See what a little military training could do to a small and thin boy out of Brooklyn.
“You forced me to choose, Pepper. Iron Man or you. I choose you, and when I wanted to help my friends. Friends I fought aliens with to save New York and possibly the world, you left me. So now, I chose again, and you know what, I chose Iron Man, because that’s what I am. The only thing I’m doing now, is following your direction. You don’t want anything to do with that, fine, I’ll keep you out then.”
“I can stay if you want, on the couch…” Tony nodded.
“Hi Tony.” She whispered with a soothing voice. “Are you good? Do you need anything?”
Steve had seen his most vulnerable parts, and now Tony realized the harm he had done and tried to hide away to not get hurt. He couldn’t yet trust Steve enough to be sure he wouldn’t ever hurt him. Steve needed to act as if the genius was a stray dog… Silly metaphor but maybe it was a little true.
Tony opened his eyes. “In the army you are, and the moment you start dating Tony Stark, you’re not only out of the closet, you are pictured in any magazine you can imagine. Hell, even those college journalists would write about it.”
“He’s trying…” Steve said. He served everybody a coffee and the pancakes he made. “I’m sure he only wants to help himself and funnily he wants to help Bucky, so maybe he thought facing it was better than running away.”
He would have been the one bringing her that flag, proclaiming what a honorable service her son did for their country, but what was that contrary to bringing back her son alive?
He only stayed alone for another ten minutes before Bucky arrived with some of the others, he didn’t even see at first. He threw himself right on Bucky and the tears restarted running over his face. He was able to withstand himself from sobbing at least.
“You are a child, Tony. Honestly. What would you have done, if I did not show up?” Steve asked when he heard that Tony followed him.
The knock on the door and the entrance of Dr.Yinsen interrupted their conversation.
“Sam?” Steve continued.
“We don’t know that Tony, and he did not know his name… HYDRA did something to him… Something is wrong.” Tony swallowed and kept quiet until they were at the hiding place, where Fury awaited them. Tony disappeared and Steve hated the fact, that he could not run after him. Now, it was more important to get the information he needed to take HYDRA and with that, SHIELD down.
“You’re lucky.” Bruce greeted him, coming out of the quinjet. “I was on my way to Mumbai.”
“They are special, weird.” Tony tried. “Like me” He whispered.
“Drop it Tony, okay? Accept that maybe it was destiny I was there. We were damn lucky, I have done cardiac massage on nine people, you included, and I saved only two, most people don’t survive… but nobody knows who’s going to survive, so we try it on every person. Maybe I was the one pushing your chest, but it was God deciding to let you stay. Please stop making everything I say about me saving your life.”
“Yeah, that’s on my list too. Since, I finally feel like myself again, and I also think it will be hard enough for the ladies to accept my metal arm, no need to look like a homeless person.”
“You know I have a nose, young man.” The named doctor told him an hour later when he checked on Tony. The scent of fast food would probably stay in the room forever. The doctor listened to his chest and checked what the heart monitor had been recording over the day.
After the shower, Steve stayed in his room until he heard the three men depart. He wanted to prevent another tensed-up meeting with Obadiah Stane, but this would probably not be the last time he met him.
Steve put the coffee in front of him and suddenly he creased his face. “What’s wrong?” Steve asked directly, wondering if Tony was having a health problem.
“I can see your ribs.” He said and Tony tried hiding his body with his arms. A little voice in his head told him, that the arc reactor had disappeared, but Steve couldn’t concentrate on that fact right now.
“Oh no. Either you go to bed right now or you sit down on the couch and wait.”
“Sam.” Steve answered with a firm voice, but he was not really looking at his new friend but looking behind him. JARVIS had been right – of course he had – that was Bucky.
The next morning, Steve was making breakfast while watching his boyfriend sleep on the couch. The TV was still running, Tony might be the genius but Steve wasn’t a moron, apparently it helped Tony sleep when there were sounds around.
“So, I can’t get to him?”
Steve really wanted to discuss this, to fight how Tony just accepted to let him live here for free and buy all the food Steve was eating. But he knew that would fuck up their date, and after all it was their first one, right? He could pay when they actually went out without Tony having time to stop him.
“Nah, you need sunglasses, though and no smiling or cheering. Or booing for that matter.”
“I thought about that, and honestly Tony, I don’t know. I want a future with you. I really do, more than anything… But Bucky is my best friend, you know, he was by my side when I was a little shit and after my mom died, in the war… Always. I don’t want to choose. But there is one thing I can promise you, and it kills me to say, but if ever, there is a fight and Bucky is not in his right mind and he attacks you… I won’t hesitate a second to stop him and kill him if necessary.”
“God, Steve, please.” Tony came back laughing, when he found Steve cleaning the shit they left around. “Leave it. Tomorrow, someone comes to clean.”
'Cause I'm Mrs. Snow, 'til death we'll be freezing
‘I want to see him again’ rushed through his head. How did that happen? How could Steve keep his homosexuality so long to himself? He never felt anything towards any of his comrades, and he looked into Tony’s eyes and was lost? Man, was he just that horny or completely in love? Steve was sure nothing in between was even possible.
“I can’t okay? If I don’t take over, Obie will and everything I have been working for the past years will go to waste.” He reasoned.
“Yeah, me too.” Rhodey whispered. He took it worse than Pepper, he didn’t even try to hide his tears or to stop them. “You want someone to stay the night?”
“You’re cold, c’mere.” Tony only hesitated a second when Steve lifted his blanket, before he lied down on his chest. He put the blanket over Tony’s shoulders and closed his arms around his back. “Are you comfortable?”
“I’ve got a heart condition, that much you surely already put together yourself, it’s just… It wasn’t the first time my heart stopped, it happens when my blood pressure increases, my heart is too weak to hold it together, so it gives up. This time it was worse, it got damaged. They wanted to give me a pacemaker a long time ago, I refused… I can’t anymore. And if the pacemaker is not enough, I will need a new heart…”
On Sunday, Pepper came over with Nat and Bucky and they spent the whole day trying to distract Tony from the thoughts in his head. He had been so quiet in the morning that Steve wrote Natasha a message that sat the people up to come to Tony’s place.
Steve gave him another kiss on his head. “You too. I’m expecting you on the airport when I return, alright? With flowers and a big sign.” He felt a tear drop on his shoulder. He pulled Tony closer and restrained himself from crying too, it wouldn’t help neither of them.
Bucky laughed. “Yeah, something like that. Maybe something not too cliché, plus Tony is a guy, I’m not sure he would appreciate flowers that much.”
“He’s never given any details about what exactly happened to him, but Rhodey is sure they tortured him. And he changed, since than… He’s still totally Tony, but more silent, more introvert, less joking around. You all only met him after so maybe you don’t understand, but Tony left a part of him behind there. His enthusiasm, some of his wit, but mostly his strength to fight Obadiah for things he doesn’t want to do…”
“Well. It is about me being afraid of this minor operation, but maybe yeah… It’s probably less about the operation itself, and more about what they will find… if it will be curable, if I die soon… He prepared me that there’s a possibility I need a new heart…”
“You’re already worrying enough, just imagine if his dad would be here.” Bucky laughed and clapped on his shoulder.
Steve swallowed. “I can’t tell you now, later. It’s terrible and I was happy he wanted to leave, really. He told me, but since he found me…”
“As of my information, you’re right about Miss Romanoff whereabouts. Yesterday, her position was in Brussels.”
“Your mother had the insufficiency on the left side. For you, that’s also the worst of the two but the right side is only slightly better to be honest. You’re lucky Tony. At least your arteries are looking good.” Yinsen had shown honest concern in his direction. “You almost left me in there, you know? Again. You’re 20 years old, Tony. I don’t need that on my conscious, okay? I will talk to a few colleagues. It doesn’t seem untreatable. There may be a chance without waiting for a transplant.”
“Done as wished, Sir.”
That's how I learned to pray.'
“Well, the question is what’s more important Pepper or Iron Man.” Steve said.
“Come again.” Steve whispered threatening, staring down into Stane’s eyes. He knew Stane wouldn‘t back down or shut his mouth, but it was enough to see some respect in his eyes. Not that he wanted his respect. He wanted him as far away from Tony as possible but this was only wishful thinking for now.
“It’s because of you.” Tony called after him. “Whenever you’re there…” He sighed deeply, and Steve turned back around to see him get up. “I never feel this comfortable with anyone, ever. It took me a long while with Pepper and Rhodey, to fully trust them. Natasha wiggled her way into my heart, and she worked hard to get me to trust her, and Bucky and I… We just understood each other because we had similar experiences. For everybody else…”
“And what would happen if your father would die before you turn 21?” Steve pinpointed Tony into the right direction.
“So, who is it?” The man asked Tony.
Tony grinned only for a short amount of time. “I built a lot of this stuff you know?”
Steve smiled gently at him. “Of course, Tony, man… I want this okay? Not in an affair way and also not in a secret thing, okay? I want everything, but if you’re not…” Tony sat down at the table, grinning wide over his face.
The confusion only grew bigger in Sam’s face. “What the fuck is wrong with you? You wanted me to bring him to the military, the police, or what? Maybe the FBI or CIA? I thought you wanted him back and not dead?”
“I thought I would use you as my personal heater!” Tony exclaimed and actually sounded offended.
“So, he’s awake?” Steve asked maybe a little too desperate.
Steve was still in the army. He would be in the near future and Tony was having the fight of his life, for his life. They seemed to work as friends, and by that nobody would be hurt, right?
“Steve, Steve Rogers.” Tony took the flowers and the comics.
A whole week passed without even as much as a little change in Howard Stark’s condition, but Steve worried less and less about the older Stark and more and more about his son. Dr. Yinsen wanted to operate him next week, and Tony refused to be under anesthetic with the risk of dying while his father was out. His trust in Obadiah slowly began to fall apart.
“What the hell, Sam?!” Was in the end the next thing coming out of his mouth. “How? Why? Like, why?”
He hung up and saw in Steve’s face that he had heard the whole conversation. “Deep breaths, Tony.” He told him and squeezed his hands. “You go and get changed, and I will pack some stuff for us.”
“I’ll make sure there’s a plane waiting for you, the moment you tell me where to pick you guys up, alright? I’ll have to go now, but one last thing. Don’t tell Tony anything, he believes I’m just training the new kids down here.”
“Yeah, I mean we don’t call him that, but basically, he’s the one organizing everything, keeping everybody sharp and the house clean, he’s my father’s chauffeur, but mostly… He’s kinda like a second father to me. He spent a lot of time with me, especially after mom died, my dad was in a bad place.”
“Then, who’s with Wilson, J?” Tony asked, looking at Steve with concern. Why was Wilson here, why didn’t he just call to ask about the mission?
Steve sighed deeply. Tony clearly wouldn’t get it today, maybe never. He decided it was not worth his time. “You at least wanna take a walk or grab something to eat? I might even let you drink a coffee.”
“You liked The Metamorphosis as a kid?” The man actually decided to go along with the conversation.
“Morning Cap!” Clint exclaimed loudly when he came out of the elevator with the others. “Oh shit.” He whispered when he saw Tony still lying on the couch.
Protective Steve, protective Steve and did I say protective Steve?
I saw so many places
“Nervous, anxious…” Tony sighed, nodding once to himself. “I will allow it, the operation. I’ve no choice at the end.”
“That’s pretty long, isn’t it?” Clint asked. He looked a little concerned.
“You know Tony; my worst patients aren’t the one that come to me every week because they’re having a headache after a long night and believe they’ve got a brain tumor. It’s the ones that don’t come at all… Not even when they’re dying, or you know… much worse of course, when they don’t come to their annual checkup.”
“You’re on leave.” Tony actually responded, only murmuring into his pillow.
“You put little marshmallows in it.” Tony squeaked. “That’s so sweet! God, I love that. Where did you find them?” And he certainly did. He drank it slowly, with his sparkling eyes and once again Steve had the feeling of getting to see more and more of real Tony. A grown-up that missed out too much of his childhood and a man whose heart was too big for the world they lived in.
“I’ve got a trace, the best I’ve had so far, leading to a terrorist group named the Ten Rings. I might be able to track the location on the leader. If I can trust my informants, he is the one that took Tony. But I cannot go there alone, so I thought, hey my new army friend maybe wants to help me out, and you surely know some people that could help. But now I’m afraid you cannot leave Tony, and I’m not sure I even want you to leave.”
“Easy does it, big guy.” Valkyrie put both hands up peacefully while Hope hide a fangy, knowing grin behind her hand as she sized up the situation. “I didn’t mean anything by it, I’ve just only seen people this pretty on stage in Las Vegas and
“Pretty Omega.” the Alpha tipped his head and licked over his fangs pointedly, crooned lower and lower until it bottomed out as a
“Tell me how you found a pretty Omega for us and also found Tony at this place?”
addicted to anything and that he
Stark, the only heir and after my Dad kicked me out, I’m not even that. Pete has my Mama’s last name Carbonell.”
As they were checking out in the long lines, Steve picked up one of the learning activity books Peter had picked out and wondered, “Tony, do you want to look into preschools for Peter?”
.” Steve didn’t know where to look first, couldn’t decide if the tiny rhinestones on the still secured strap were more eye catching than the rippled fall of champagne colored fabric against Tony’s skin, or if the peak of pebbled nipples at the bodice were more distracting than the length of leg showing where the slip parted at Tony’s thigh. “
“It is
Steve stopped, concentrated on the breakfast for a minute before finishing, “I know why you didn’t tell me about Pete, there’s a whole bunch’a reasons Alphas don’t bother with Omegas that are single parents. I know you couldn’t take the chance that I was one of
The Tony that wouldn’t have missed three dollars was Tony before an unexpected heat and an Alpha that had lied about a condom, it was Tony before an emergency morning after pill that hadn’t worked, it was Tony before Howard had given him two choices-- get rid of
Then and only then did Steve pull away, licking and kissing at the bruised bite and rolling them carefully carefully over so Tony was sat on top of him and not squashed into the bed.
“Fuck.” Steve pushed his forehead into Tony’s shoulder and exhaled noisily. “Fuck that’s right. Not a drop.”
“Well, you’re takin’ him to meet the folks, right?” Bucky interjected, scent crackling
. “How’d that go?”
excited to meet her grandson.”
“Tony, I am
Tony winced a little at the
Tony just frowned, and the Alpha insisted, “Tony, there isn’t anything more important and private than kids and even a bunch of hardcore soldiers like my friends know that. When Val and Diana started trying to get pregnant, they didn’t say a damn thing. We didn’t even know the baby had been born. It was a whole year before they were ready to introduce us to the first kid. Kids change everything. So the difference between my friends thinking you’re hiding something-- and mind you,
“Yeah, he sure will.” Steve tamped down the initial urge to ask Tony to come in and help
Tony poured himself a glass of wine while Steve had some juice and they sat together in the living room in comfortable silence for a while before the Alpha put his cup down and coaxed the Omega right up onto his lap in the recliner. He popped the footrest and stretched out with Tony nearly on top of him, a hand resting spread on Tony’s rear and their legs tangled as Tony snuggled close in over his heart and Steve rested his chin on the thick curls.
His phone buzzed and when Tony pulled it from the coat pocket, a folded envelope fell out as well.
“Huh.” Clint watched his friend for a moment. “Seems like you’re taking that chance whether you mean to or not, Tony. You and that Alpha are in way deeper than I think either of you realize.”
Bucky followed Tony and Peter down to the car and while the Omega was cowering in the backseat still too far under the Command to risk trying to run, Bucky raced back up to the little apartment and gathered up anything else he could see that might be of value.
Tony thought maybe he deserved to be judged for it.
“That particular feeling is already mutual.” Tony answered slowly, carefully, hearing the sharp intake of breath from the Alpha and letting it send his stomach rioting with butterflies. “But can we save this conversation to revisit on the third date? Call me old fashioned but I need at least a couple weeks to get to know you before clarifying that particular question.”
“Steve.” Tony closed his fangs only lightly over the Alpha’s ear, and Steve shut right up, fingers flexing briefly possessive at Tony’s waist. “I’m glad to see you too.”
“I’m certainly serious about your naming privileges being revoked after this one.” Tony scrunched his nose and grinned. “Archibald is the worst name in the world, but you siad you liked it, so we’ll compromise on
to think Tony was making fun of his wanting to get someone pregnant kink by decorating a nursery but he
Walking into this date, Tony had been prepared to dust off all old mannerisms and behavior, ready to play coy and sweet and soft for an Alpha who no doubt wanted a traditional, submissive Omega to be their sugar baby. If that’s what it took to make sure he and Peter’s bills were paid, then that’s what he was going to do.
“No.” Tony began cleaning the next table. “No, you’re not wrong. Most days I definitely feel like Cinderella and Steve is definitely a Prince Charming. He hasn’t pressured me about anything, he never makes us feel like we’re in the way and he adores Pete. I was going to call Peggy to watch Pete today for me but Steve basically begged me to leave him so they could hang out.”
you know to call out of work to take care of him, and if you cannot keep the fever down, bring him back immediately.”
“Okay but--”
over what Tony went through every single day at work. “Especially not unbonded and especially single parents?”
stern expression. “Do not finish that sentence. It is way more complicated than some midnight sneaky sneaky between Steve and I.”
Peggy raised her eyebrows, and Tony nodded slowly. “Yeah he’s-- he’s a good guy. A nice Alpha.”
gave me forty dollars and then also
fine!” the blond blustered. “It is easily the most sketchy thing you have ever suggested.”
truth, but nothing about it was a lie either. The watch was beautiful and Tony had loved it, but it was a ridiculous item for
“Clint!” Tony peered over his shoulder trying to get a look at his butt. “My butt is not
distracting and Steve had a hard time focusing on the question at hand long enough to answer. “It’s considered prescientific, which basically means they discovered it by mistake. It’s actual alchemy, melting down a metal to create something different and the result is a couple different variations of impure cobalt, which all turn a very specific color blue.
It took every penny of the watch-refund-cash and a little extra from Tony’s box of bills to pay for the visit to Urgent Care and the medicine for Pete.
into the air surrounding herself and her mate Bucky. Hope was nice enough but there was no denying the intelligence and readiness in her gaze, Valkyrie was a mess but even while doing body shots off of Diana’s shockingly toned abs the Beta’s razor sharp focus and concentration never wavered.
********
Tony dug the tips of his fangs into his bottom lip as he thought about how to respond. He could just send a smiley face or something generic and end the conversation and do some dishes
means I deserve to get some sugar. Can I kiss you?”
“I might just uh--” the Omegas knees felt a little bit weak all the sudden. “Might just stay here? For just a minute more.”
“That’s good.” Tony hooked his leg around Steve’s waist and pushed into the next thrust, dug his nails into Steve’s back and yanked him in tighter, trying to spur the big blond on a little
in their way of thinking they didn’t even care.
Tony only remembered pancakes with his Mama, and those had stopped the year he was thirteen and Maria passed away. A part of the Omega's soul echoed
. “You know, I’m not really sure what Nat does. She says it’s data entry but we all know that’s a lie.”
“Steve.” Tony waited until Steve looked up to meet his gaze, then opened his knees a little further, arched his back a little higher and in his best faux innocent tone said, “I did some research on this, and I found out that if you put me on my hands and knees I have a better chance of conceiving.”
“We can do the thing like Steve did with Tony, cos we’re
“I’m sure Pete felt safe every single night with you.” Steve murmured instead of all the things he wanted to scream about how Bucky had been damn right to bring his Omega here
in there, broken windows and moldy carpet, a series of locks on the door frame that had long since been busted and were now useless, rows of mailboxes with the numbers rubbed off and then rewritten in already dulled permanent marker as new people moved in and hopefully other people moved out instead of… died… in the horrid conditions.
“Tony.” The Alpha on the other end was clearly surprised, but also clearly smiling. “How are you, Omega? Is this the call about Steve being a dumb Alpha and you and my nephew are going to move in downstairs at our place? We bought Pete a Nerf gun!”
Tony almost snarked something about the Alpha’s way of thinking, but it was the same thing that went through
physical affection, so he leaned into the touch further, whimpering low under his breath as his muscles unlocked one after another and left him pliant.
pulling at the corners of his mouth. “I fuckin’ hate it, Buck. I’ve done and redone this thing so many different different times and I can’t get it right. Tore up three canvases just today and at least three yesterday… I can’t get it
“I swear to
not having a good time, Steve?”
“C’mere.” Steve grabbed a pillow off the couch and set it beneath Tony’s head and immediately kissed him again. He nudged the Omega’s thighs open with his knee and settled into the inviting vee of Tony’s hips to crush their mouths together. The t-shirt was rucked up so the Alpha could get to skin, spreading his fingers over Tony’s stomach, sweeping over his navel and to the almost too prominent jut of hipbones, the line of his ribs where Tony had lost a few pounds while sick.
. And by
spoiled.” Another whole truth, and the way Steve smiled about it made Tony’s heart rate triple. “And usually I love what you buy, it was just this one that doesn’t really work for my life outside of being with you. I promise.”
bloodline. Tony had learned that announcing he had a kid was usually the easiest way to get an aggressively persistent Alpha to quit asking him out because most Alphas didn’t even want to
“I’m not worried about dinner.” The big blond adjusted the Live, Laugh, Love pillow just a half inch towards center and then moved on to arrange the flowers he’d had delivered special for tonight. “My Ma’s Third Date Spaghetti never fails.”
for Bucky not to fight, but he forced himself calm and met his friend’s gaze steady. “I’m sorry bud, I am. I’m sorry about a whole lot of things from today. But you gotta deal with me later, cos Tony needs ya now and you’re raging and red eyed and he can’t handle that. Calm down and be nice to the Omega, alright?”
“Uh…” Steve quit thinking about Tony’s booty and dragged his thoughts back to the couch and when he’d purchased it. “No, it’s actually a couple years old. I bought it and the easy chairs as a set when I bought the house.”
“You’re gonna wait ten more days to let that Alpha clean your dishes?” Clint nearly shouted. “Tony!
was too awkward to try and dirty text.
cramp in need.
“Babydoll, I ain’t even sure how he got
anything not now that he and Pete were secure for at least weeks but…
“You’d climb up on a stool and slap me silly if I tried to settle you in public, but you’re gonna offer to do it for me?” Clint scoffed, but when Tony’s frown deepened, the big Omega finally relented and nodded a little bit. “Please, babe? I’m havin’ a real hard time lately.”
“If I want.” Tony echoed blankly. “Steve, what exactly are you saying right now?”
them?!”
“Okay okay.” he murmured, closing his eyes tight and coaxing the words past the echo of
“Congratulations, you’re a daddy!” Tony hurried over to the crib and turned back around holding the chunkiest, fluffiest golden retriever puppy Steve had ever seen, the fat little guy wearing a bright blue bonnet and blue sockies on his paws. “And
“Jesus.” it was just a little bit shocking how even the smallest amount of
“I'd be more worried about the fire hazard.” the
********
“I’m sorry, Omega.” was the first thing Bucky said as he loaded the rest of the supplies into the car and turned to find Tony huddled in the furthest seat, a restless Peter clutched too tight to his chest. “I didn’t mean to use one’a them on you, I can’t even tell ya the last time I used one’a those at all. I just wanna get you outta here and somewhere safe and we-- we can figure all that out later, kay?”
“I haven’t used the gift certificate you got me back in March.” he admitted, and when Steve pulled a face, he hurried to add, “But I took the day off for my birthday since I can afford to do that this year and I booked the morning at the spa already.”
“My god, you’re dorky.” Tony whispered in disbelief, and Steve nodded, a smile at the corner of his mouth as he leaned in to rest their foreheads together.
“Here love, you look like you could use a cup of water.” This nurse was gentle, warmth shining through her eyes and along the edges of her bland Beta scent. “It’s going to be okay, you know. Sometimes kid are just prone to ear infections, my little brother had them all the time when he was young, he outgrew it though.”
and that wasn’t funny at all.
“Yeah yeah, we all remember the suspicious tasting milk. But damn, I
No matter how badly he honestly wanted to see Steve, no matter how often he was tempted to stay over when the Alpha offered, no matter how much he’d like to curl up on that soft bed in the Brooklyn Heights Brownstone and sleep the rest of his
preferred to snuggle at Natasha. Clint kept the conversation moving with his often outlandish contributions and when Peggy got tired, Tony checked with his Alpha with a quick glance before helping the sweet lady up the stairs and into the spare bedroom for the night.
“Me too.” Tony finally pulled away enough to tighten the towel at his waist. “I’ll go check on Pete and be right back.”
complaining about the benefits.”
“Hi baby.” he sang softly, and Peter grabbed sleepily at his shirt to hold him close. “Baby baby, my favorite baby, how are you?”
“I see.” Tony’s jaw worked as if he didn’t know what to say. “Well--”
wide and the next kiss had been
… well it was the sweetest, most content moment of Tony’s life and he was happy to fall asleep with a plug in his ass and his hips elevated and his oversized super soldier boyfriend curled into his side.
“I’m gonna take care of you.” Steve’s voice bottomed out in a growl, blue eyes hazing red as he stared down at Tony, each thrust purposeful and shocking hard, the blunt head of the thick cock
Had it always been this bad? Had the one window always been permanently scratched and grimy, the bed sagging low in the middle and the dresser uneven on one of the legs? Was the bathroom really that small and had that huge crack in the kitchen counter always been there and
, Clint. I’m so used to being invisible to everyone here at the diner, or trying to be invisible so no one tries to mess with me that I forgot what it was like to just exist. I wasn’t stressed about my laundry, wasn’t counting quarters, no one was looking at me and Pete like we didn’t belong… I actual felt human.”
a decent Alpha’s time had the Omega ready to cry but he couldn’t do that, not here and not in front of Steve. The Alpha was so old fashioned he’d immediately assume the worst and Tony knew he’d crumble if Steve asked
“Oh oh oh fuck!” He cried out in surprise when Steve reached to stroke him again. “Steve, what–what?”
“C’mon.” Tony blushed beautifully shy as he scooted over to make room for Steve in the big bed. “Am I on the right side or do you usually sleep over here?”
...but then the next morning...
It was beautiful, inspired, the first personal painting Steve had found the energy to do in months and as he wiped his hands on his apron and took a break, the Alpha felt a burst of pride and satisfaction and more than a hint of
“Love you, Dada.”
in the color. Nowadays we just run cars through an assembly line and they all get painted the same type of colors. Nothing ever sticks out and makes people stop and look. But hot rod red? Everyone knows that color. Everyone has seen a beautiful car that exact color. It’s…. Evocative.”
“Steve.” Tony was at his bedroom door for the first time since they’d moved in, and Steve stopped mid pulling his shirt off, mouth going dry when he saw the
of having a child in the house, but for right now, Tony we would love to watch Pete.” Emotion wavered in Nat’s husky voice. “Omega, we would love to watch him. Thank you. This-- um-- you--”
, Tony.” The Alpha reached around to palm big handfuls of Tony’s ass and found nothing but bare cheeks and a beguiling strip of satin disappearing between the curve of Tony’s rear. It didn’t seem
Steve didn’t begrudge Tony the caution or the carefulness and he
“Me?” Tony’s hands stilled, the silverware falling silent as he stared up at the artwork, the ivory petals and brilliant honey gold tracing the edges of geometric shapes, strong lines and sweeping curves, a half dozen shades of red from hot rod red through brilliant scarlet and the autumn toned blaze of cedar. “
“You’d think your friend would try to keep you getting laid while also helping me.” The Omega pointed out with a small smile, but Steve just shook his head adamantly.
, wondering if the Omega would ever reply.
put a stop to their easy night and Steve didn’t want that.
. “--and now life is too busy to pick it up again. I could probably play a few pieces but it’s not near as good as it used to be.”
“I don’t know if you need it or not.” Steve linked their fingers together and turned down the street towards one of his favorite sandwich shops. “But
The curve of the Omega's throat was tempting, the beat of his heartbeat at his pulse enough to make Steve's fangs
“God yes.” Tony canted his hips up and rubbed unashamedly into Steve’s palm. “Been half ready all damn day thinking about how much you’d like this. Yes but--but what about dinner? I made you dinner so it could be the whole-- oh oh oh!” he writhed under purposeful strokes. “--the whole experience that you wanted--!”
… I’m worried about trying again. And part of me thinks I
from an Omega who had no reason to trust anyone,
“I’m going to allow the subject change only because I want to see you smile again.” Steve decided, and Tony pressed at his hand gratefully. “Yeah, Fourth of July. I figured we’d clear off the roof and take up a couple chairs, watch the fireworks over the water?”
“I don’t--” Tony started to deny he missed Steve, but gave up when it didn’t sound convincing even to his
“...I see.” Howard seemed to crumple, his shoulders folding in in defeat. “Well do you walk this park often? Perhaps I will see you again and we--
you understand why we thought the Omega couldn’t possibly have come into the piece on his own? We make every effort to protect our jewelry and valued customers that purchase it so--”
Bucky laughed softly, “Aw yeah, he was fun wasn’t he? Anyway. I’m part scoping out this hottie but also part tracking some scumbag down so I can afford to take you on vacation next month and then also--”
It was
“It’s good--” Tony tossed his head back and screamed a little when the Alpha readjusted so he was seated
“God no.” Bucky crammed another bite of pizza into his mouth and shook his head. “I can’t get you into a bar on singles night, I know better than t’ask about an escort. Plus Tasha would rip  my knot clear th’fuck off for that. No, I’m not talkin’ bout that sorta thing at all.”
“They were all just trying to figure out how a guy like me managed to find an Omega like you, and whether or not I’d ordered you from a catalog cos you’re
old fashioned.” Tony breathed, and pleasure over the entire situation
“You had something on your face?” Tony squeaked, and hurried to wipe at the smear at Steve’s cheek, nearly falling back into his chair flustered half to death that his immediate reaction to someone with food on their face was to wipe it away with his thumb like he did for
“Kiddo, I didn’t want you to hafta step foot back in that place at all.” Bucky said firmly. “I just got whatever I could carry that looked half good.”
lights still on, the glow of strategically placed lamps and recessed bulbs perfectly highlighting...the absolute
“I–” Tony sounded weak, delirious. “I can feel you inside me. Shit.
“The place he wants to meet is only a thirty minute drive, but I can’t afford the Uber ticket so I have to take the bus which makes it a two hour ride.” Tony mentally groaned imagining such a long bus ride. “So I have to leave by four, dinner at six, and then I have to be done with dinner by eight so I can catch the bus, get home by ten and still get enough sleep for my six am shift.”
“Okay, nobody is
“I--”
“By taking one day at a time and making sure Peter was always taken care of so no one would ever have a reason to think he’d be better off with out me.” Tony said wearily. “It’s like Clint. He’s an Omega with a disability so he ‘has’ to have someone take care of him. Living with Barney is worse than trying to live alone but Clint isn’t allowed that option. He either has to live with his shitty brother so there’s someone there to support him, or he has to move into an Omega shelter which are flat out terrible, or he has to prove he can afford to live by himself which is impossible because very few people hire Omegas full time and even less people rent to us.”
“Mr. Stark.” Steve gripped the other Alpha’s hand tight, maybe a smidge
“Wait
Tony’s little cry of surprise echoed around the bathroom when the Alpha simply picked him up and pinned him to the wet tile wall. Steve hooked both of Tony’s knees up and over his elbows so the Omega’s entire weight was held in his arms, Tony’s thighs held open and his entrance stretching
“Okay but hear me out.” Clint made his blue eyes very wide, the bandaid at his cheek making the expression comical. “What if you
“I have taken out entire
“No, I shan’t.” Clint wiped his hands and shucked his apron. “I’m off shift, how about you?”
Peter got tired of waiting for food and changed direction to demanding breakfast cakes and milk, and when Steve stood up the Alpha just brought the baby with him, stuffed bunny and all, to start pulling plates down to serve the food.
sweet mate Natasha and now Steve was making it for Tony.
“Maybe.” The blond cringed when he heard glass breaking in the kitchen and Sam shouting, “God damn it Valkyrie! We can’t start body shots this early! Steve’s gonna get all stern and judgy at us--!”
“I have to live with family or by myself.” Clint said wearily, tapping at his ears. “Disability, remember? I either have to be being taken care of-- as if Barney does shit all to take care of me, or even cares what happens to me-- or I have to prove I can live by myself. It’s hard enough for an Omega to get an apartment to rent alone, damn near impossible for an Omega with a handicap.”
The questions came rapid fire, not necessarily mean but purposefully nosy, not terribly invasive but also pointedly prodding about the Omega that had broken Steve’s years long stretch of
“This isn’t really dating.” Steve cut in. “And I know that. It’s an arrangement and that’s fine but if this was a
“I do know that.” Another kiss, whisper soft. “And I know we already said all those things to each other, but let’s just go on and make it official. I want to put a diamond right here--”
“I beg to differ.” Clint shrugged off Tony’s embarrassment. “You don’t want to get too involved with the guy and then not even get plugged up full. What a waste of time. It never happened if the dick ain’t slappin’, am I right?”
“I think you’re spoiling me.” Tony gasped as the Alpha pinned him to the door of the master suite and started tearing at his pants.  “I can handle pillows and blankets but don’t you think spa gift certificate is a little much?”
*********
“Tony!” Predictably, adorably, Steve turned fifty shades of embarrassed as hell. “Don’t say things like that!”
the idea either and right now he was
While Peter giggled and tugged at Tony’s shirt, he glanced up and inclined his head towards a small pile of crumpled dollar bills on the table. “It’s not much, sorry. The dollar store only had the big box of diapers so it took most of my extra tip money to afford it.”
, then the two year old put the spoon down and clasped his little hands under his chin, big eyes and pouty lips as he tried to have good manners and ask, “Please? Please more?”
Tomorrow he and Steve would be able to talk about all this, about the surprising dirty talk and the kink that should
in a soul deep way, unsure of what had taken away his love for creating and unsure of how to get it back.
“I don’t care about that.” Steve said mildly, smoothing his hands up and down Tony’s back until the Omega relented and leaned into him. “I’m more pissed off about them embarrassing you like this and interrupting my afternoon to come down here for no reason at all.”
Tony sucked in a sharp breath and Steve nodded, crooning out something adoring under his breath. “I want to mate you up
“No no, I’m serious.” Clint swept the few dollars of tip off a table and gathered up the dirty dishes. “You’re Cinderella, babe. Rags to riches. Working in the pit of hell, then you wore some slutty leggings and seduced the guy, and now your Prince Charming has carried you and your little gremlin off to the castle. I’m almost positive that fairy tale ends with Cinderella getting her back blown out by--”
“I definitely need a shower.” the Alpha agreed and waited waited
It brought back a rush of war-time era memories for the soldier and Steve could have lingered for hours in nostalgia, but next to the beer was a note–
“What?” the Alpha made an attempt to sit up, carefully cradling Peter to his chest as he straightened, one big hand holding the baby’s booty secure and the other gentle at Peter’s head. “No, why would you need to apologize? Or pay? That’s crazy.”
“Rosewood and cedar” Tony kissed Clint’s cheek and nuzzled at him gently. “Did I tell you we have a date tonight? We’re meeting at six.”
are.”
Tony started laughing because he couldn’t help himself, shoulders shaking and face hidden in Steve’s shirt as he giggled. “
At Costco, the Alpha pulled not one but two of the almost comically large shopping carts from the bay, plopped Pete in one then turned to inform Tony, “You’re ‘bout knee high to a grasshopper too, babe. You wanna ride in this high falootin’ contraption?”
“Mmhmm.” Peggy moved one of the pillows to her favorite rocking chair and settled into it with a contented sigh. “What are you going to ask for the next time you show some skin and compromise that Alpha’s thought process?”
chocolate chips?”
Tony took a big bite of what was easily the best burger he’d ever had, and
I can’t let you go back to that place where you say you don’t feel safe and where you have to barricade the door every night and where there’s rot in the floor, okay? But more than that, as an Alpha that spent the last ten days day dreaming about getting back to you and seeing you smile and as an Alpha that is
“Wait.” Steve rubbed at his forehead in confusion. “What’s happening?”
“Alpha, I’m tempted to let you try.”
, shoved his fingers up silky smooth thighs to ruck the slip clear up to Tony’s waist. “Gonna let me in right here?”
“Oh no, I’m real aware that my Dad is a certified asshole.” Tony set his water down so he could get a bandaid for Steve’s palm. “I’m just saying, if Mama would have been here, things would have been different. But she isn’t, and things aren’t different, and there’s no use dwelling on it.”
It had been ten almost eleven days since Steve had even seen the gorgeous little brunette. Their last in person conversation had been about the painting Tony had inspired, the first time Steve had slipped up and called Tony
Wasn’t like Steve was gonna miss it anyhow,
The Omega disappeared into the dining room with his plates then reappeared a minute later to finish his sentence, “...and Dad mode and sexy mode are two
But as an
“I uh--” Belatedly, Steve realized they were still standing next to the table, the waiter hovering at a respectful distance waiting to fill their water. “Shit. I mean
?” The Omega squeaked. “I uh-- I mean
“Second of all–” The mouthy Omega laughed over Tony’s offended gasp. “
felt like snapping someone’s neck too.
putting the errands off and in some cases outright refusing to go without offering any excuse besides a hesitant smile and a quick shake of his head.
He was anxious about leaving Peter with Clint, not because he didn’t trust Clint but because
“I’m kidding.” Tony chuckled and stood on his toes to kiss Steve one more time. “What’s going on? I thought you were volunteering at the park this morning.”
, right? So glad you and me finally get’ta meet in person.”
. “Are you an honest to god Yankee Doodle Dandy born on the Fourth of July?”
“Did you wear these for me?” Hoarse, almost disbelieving as Steve hooked his fingers into the delicate waist band. “
begging you to stop talking.”
, and Steve tore his gaze away from the shy toddler to meet Tony’s eyes. “Steve, this is my entire world, right here. The whole reason I even wake up in the morning. It’s
“Clint.” Tony reached over and pulled out two of the bills. “You’re my best friend, you always try to take care of me, you helped when Pete was sick and you’re the only reason last night even happened. Take it. If I had anything in my savings I’d give you more but being sick wiped me out. Take this at least and don’t let Barney get ahold of it. Add it to your savings so you can get away from him sooner rather than later.”
for it. “Okay. That-- that sounds good.”
“But for right now, let’s just stick with the two week schedule.” Tony couldn’t tell Steve that it killed him to be away from Peter even just for a couple of hours every two weeks. Their down time together was already so limited with Tony having to work so much that giving up one of his nights off to be
thing helps your money situation too. The Army pays out good when we put our asses on the line and live to tell about it.”
The bed in the corner was made up neatly, the worn but still fresh-laundry-scents blankets pulled up tight and the pillows arranged artfully. The sheets were tucked, a beautifully silk robe laid out at the edge of the bed and the Alpha smiled a little at that-- he remembered Steve gushing about picking out a robe for Tony and the spot of pretty in the midst of well maintained and futilely cleaned
“Well I mean--” Steve gestured vaguely, helplessly. “What part of ‘you’re everything I want and need’ aren’t you getting? I don’t need anything other than what we do right here. End of story.”
“And for the table.” the Alpha added nervously, “The lobster mac and cheese and the grilled asparagus with lemon mosto.”
“I came in here tryna figure out what was goin’ on so my best pal wouldn’t get his heart broken by some Omega with a secret life.” the Alpha snapped right back, then faltered and said softer, “But
“Steve got me a room here at the hotel.” the Omega explained, smiling when he heard Peggy’s sharp intake of breath. “Yeah, it’s a good one. It’s got a big enough bed for the three of us, a bath deep enough for Pete to swim in, you should
.” The Omega dropped the envelope like it had burnt his hands, a thin receipt fluttering out onto Steve’s lap as it fell. “Steve, what the hell is that?”
“Oh damn, I love that.” Steve’s rosewood scent lifted hopeful. “You’re not just saying all this to make me happy, are you? I know the uh-- this sort of arrangement tends to encourage that sort of pliant behavior but I’d rather you just tell me the truth.”
. “That’s not-- we aren’t--”
“The Frosty Frieda thing is pretty good.”
were the stockings real? Did they go all the way to Tony’s waist or was there a garter belt
“I didn’t know about the car bed, but you’re absolute right, darling.” She went right to work poking around in the cupboards for anything worth saving, anything she might want to add to her own apartment. “You have always tried your best to provide for Peter and that won’t change whether you are living in this shit hole or riding down Fifth Avenue. All that baby knows from you is
“Here in the city.”
“Sure, Alpha.” Tony pressed the phone to his ear tight. “Sweet dreams.”
“The mess.” the Omega whispered. “Steve, your walls? And-- and the carpet? There are feet prints on your base board! Broken brushes and brand new canvases ruined with handprints and--”
Tony giggled into the kiss. “
“What else did you get at the store?” Peggy dug around in her purse for a lipstick with a hint of color to add to Tony’s mouth and then to dab at his cheeks. The Omega had worked a fourteen hour shift to cover for a last minute call out and now was supposed to go out with his Alpha and while Tony was always beautiful, right now he looked pale enough to be half dead and that just wouldn’t do.
“Right.” Steve decided
“Most days, I’m pretty lonely too.” Walking close together, Tony’s chamomile and apple blossom scent was
, I don’t think I know how to do it anymore.”
*********
The set of garters were impossibly soft and Steve couldn’t help bending to mouth worshipful kisses to each swirl of the tatted roses, the Zaffre blue vivid against the porcelain skin high at his mate’s leg. The scent of apple blossoms was honey thick here close to Tony’s entrance, musk and chamomile making the Alpha’s head spin as he lapped the clear slick from the crease of the Omega’s thigh and listened to the quiet pants and pleas for
Tony was quiet, letting the Alpha stand there and
, Steve.”
“Because nothing this good ever lasts.” The Omega said softly, miserably. “You said it right, this is a fairy tale and I’m Cinderella and now I’m just waiting for midnight and I can’t relax until
on my Omega?” Steve was still stuck on that bit of information and Bucky grit his teeth, “Yes, I did. And I’m sorry for it but that’s not what’s important right now. I need you t’stay calm, alright? There’s a whole bunch about Tony you don’t know and--”
to buy something stupid, do it. If it would make you feel better about being sick to order fuzzy slippers, do it. I don’t care. Just--”
. “We’re gonna have to do something about that, huh?”
Peter was napping at the house while Steve painted and Tony tried to get anything worth saving from their old place. A quickly purchased baby monitor had been set up in Tony’s room with the live feed sent to both Steve and Tony’s phones and since Peter’s afternoon nap was usually two hours and the ride to  the run down apartment took forty five minutes either way, Tony gave himself only the bare minimum of time inside to get everything done so he could be back at least right after Pete woke up.
Tony had a kid.
Clint waited for the rest of the story and finally Tony bared his fangs and snarled, “They tossed a twenty dollar bill on the ground and told me to bend over and pick it up. Promised another twenty if I bent over nice and slow and spent a few minutes pretending the floor was interesting. They basically told me to bend over and
lonely but I don’t want to fix that by wearing uncomfortable clothes and eating fancy food and suffering through drinking wine from some region in Europe I’ve never heard of.”
Steve
One last kiss and Tony took himself out the front door, down the steps and to the curb where the car was waiting. The door closed softly behind him and the Omega had to work hard to not feel like it was a
“You talked with Obadiah about it. It took me a while to puzzle it out, but I heard some rumors of something huge coming from Stark Industries and then Pepper just told us you wanted to stop making weapons and you fought with Stane about something you didn’t want to make.” He shrugged and told Tony by it that he didn’t find out intentionally.
“Is he right, Captain? Do you have a thing for Tony Stark?” Sam nudged him with his elbow.
“Yes, because I don’t want you back in a hospital bed, alright? Take a break. You cannot stop the shares from losing worth. It’s normal. Nothing you can do now will change it. You know that better than I do. And your employees aren’t dickheads, well at least I hope so. They will keep on working, and they will inform you if there are things you can change. They also know that your father is in a bad condition and that you as his son have other things in your mind right now. Keep it cool.”
“Yeah, I did, and since I’m honest, and I’m a soldier, I would never lie.” He smiled up to Tony. “You don’t have to say it back, or something, but you knew before. We’re dating and I’m back in service in three weeks. I just needed you to know.”
“I see, Tony is rubbing off on you. I thought you were nicer.” She held the basket into his direction. “Eat all you want, I probably shouldn’t eat it anyways.”
Steve swallowed. He had thought of the consequences but he never imagined that not everybody would agree with him, that it wasn’t Bucky’s fault. There were certainly people out there that wanted him dead or in prison for what happened. Surely, the concept of brainwashing wasn’t a common excuse.
“He will be.” Bucky smiled. “It just that he’s heads over heels for Tony, which is just something he’s not used to. I’ve never seen him completely in love, usually it was only liking, good enough for a couple of weeks.” He grinned. “He’s so gone, I swear.”
“Steve doesn’t like that kind of jokes.” Sam failed in whispering to his friend.
“Hey! I’m sorry, I’m new to that gang, give me some time!”
“To your rescue.” Steve said.
Tony frowned. “How do you know that?” Then he shook his head. “But no, when I turn 21, he will lose 30%, well he will get paid the counter value of them but that’s it.”
They were having breakfast and while they usually spend that chatting and laughing, Tony was awfully quiet. He hadn’t slept well the past night. The nightmares suddenly had come back. Steve had woken up with Tony every time, he was shaken awake yet again. It was the first night that happened, since they shared a bed. It broke Steve’s heart to see Tony trembling and crying, forcing himself to gain back some posture, trying to not show his darkest places.
“How long do you have to stay?” Tony shrugged and started to leaf through the comics. Steve was concerned. He didn’t know the Stark boy, but something was definitely not right. Tony thought about his funeral, this could not be normal.
Tony did not sit on the couch, not at his table but in the middle of this mess, surrounded by papers, holograms and tools. DUM-E was bumping the man without any reaction. If Tony wouldn’t sit up, Steve could actually believe he was dead.
“You saved my limb.” The man laughed.
Even worse was the moment when the doctor walked out of the room, straight into his direction, and he just knew… It’s impossible not to, they can’t hide that in their faces, doctors aren’t gods at the end of the day.
“You’re wasted Tony. Your brain doesn’t even want to work anymore, that’s crazy since you’re the most intelligent person I know. Why did you do that to you?”
Steve took both of Tony’s hand. “Breath, darling. Breath. We send them away. Sam can bring him to SHIELD until we know what’s going on and if there is still HYDRA in his brain.” Tony shook his head. Swallowing again. Steve felt how even he himself started sweating and failing miserably in calming down. His head was literally screaming to keep Tony and Bucky away from each other.
“I will take down HYDRA. And if the person that decided over your parent’s death is still alive, I find him personally and he will find out what it means to mess with my friend’s parents. And you’re right, I will try to save Bucky, I can only try but Tony… I will never choose him over you, okay? You will always be my friend and if you need me and if it just talking. I will be there, only a call away. Nothing will change.”
“I know you’re trying to be sweet and all, but actually, it’s getting ridiculous. Big time there. Stop it.” Tony sighed. “But, I still want to tell you…”
“Steve?” Tony addressed Steve the next morning while they were having their first coffee. His boyfriend looked up to him. “How about you take the day off, today? I know you didn’t sleep; even your perfect face can’t hide that, and there isn’t much for you to do anyways? I have some super strength proven punchbag in the gym, you wanna test it? I would have plenty of other options if Loki’s madness wouldn’t have destroyed it.”
Another week later, and the Tower was full of people. The Avengers had assembled, FBI people, NATO people, UNO people, people of the federal government and the governor of New York himself. And some people Tony didn’t even bother to check further after JARVIS confirmed they were no treats. They all only came to watch the moment when they tested Bucky’s ability to withstand the brainwashing.
“I can live with forever, Rogers.”
And those were the reasons why Tony had been afraid after the fight when Steve refused to talk to him for two days straight, because Steve hated what had been decided, and Tony already imagined how Steve would take his friend at night, and leave with him to be on the run for all their life. He thought Steve would choose Bucky over him, do exactly what Tony expected him to do but what Steve had promised wouldn’t happen.
“Rhodey is still investigating, if there’s something he will find it.” Pepper soothed them.
Steve still didn’t stop smiling. “Go to bed, okay? I won’t clean everything… just the pizza boxes, the bottles, snacks…”
“Will do.” And he ended the call.
“We’re heading back Tony, get your lawyers together. We have a book, and we have another six people in cryo-sleep, this is huge. It’s even bigger than the Avengers. We need help.”
Thanks for reading
“No, you never were. Sorry. I just wished you would have told me. I tried to come home but the air force wouldn’t let me.”
Sam looked at him with a confused look in the face. “I thought that was the plan? I mean we totally thought it would take longer, right? Where did you want me to bring him?”
“Yeah, well, as I said, he can change lots of things if they get approved by the board, but he has only 40% of the shares.”
“Yes.” Steve grinned for a moment. “You don’t like him. Rhodey doesn’t either or am I getting the wrong impression?”
And nobody saw the gun he took out of his backpack. It would be terrible news to see Tony use a weapon. But he had no time to think about this nonsense. Who cared for their stocks when he may lose Cap today. Nothing would be of importance if he would lose him. “I found the Captain, Sir. Follow my instructions on your glasses.”
“I know. I’m so sorry.” Steve kissed his head and laid him on his shoulder. “I will find a new place for him, first thing tomorrow. Well today…”
Only a sweet ‘Steve’ came over Tony’s lips when he saw what the soldier had prepared. “I assume you like it then?” Steve asked shyly, scratching his head to do something with his sweaty hands.
“Anyways, Tony is in a relationship, right?” Natasha just shrugged. She was a spy and she knew more things than anybody else, she could read people pretty well, especially Tony and Steve, but she never understood the relationship between Pepper and him. They loved each other, dearly, but something seemed wrong with it, just as if it was not meant to be.
He could still remember Steve’s face trying to make out what the doc was saying.
“Mh, sweet. You just had to top it?”
Sweet devotion, my delight.
Right now, though, he was here for his friend Sam Wilson. The man had been in training with him but later decided on an engineering program at MIT, when he got a scholarship. And since he was already here, he would surprise his friend.
“I’ve got training in about an hour.” Clint confirmed.
“So, you still want to know what I would like to do?” Steve nodded. “You know what I haven’t down in a very long time?” He sighed. “Just lying on the bed and watching a show, doing nothing but let the TV wash over me. What do you think?”
“And he lives here, leave him alone.” Tony involved himself.
The latter shot Steve a glance. “Out of here.”
That gave him a little smile from the blond man. “I know how to play, but I sure as hell will be lost against you.”
“Don’t worry, Platypus, Steve’s taking care of me. There’s Bruce, and we’ve got a new member, also military guy, and as far as I’ve heard Natasha and Barton are ready to take revenge for my death if needed.”
“He’s still sleeping? That’s odd for him.” Natasha wondered.
“Your hand is warm.” Steve whispered.
Tony laid his arms around Steve’s waist, holding him close. “Come back save, please.”
“I will try to contact Bruce, if he got brainwashed, I need help. And I hate to say it but we need Barton, he and Nat need to find out more about what they did with him. Maybe we can still find some loyal SHIELD agents to help.”
“Yes, Dr. Yinsen instructed me. He thought you would probably ask. I will come back with an infusion, just a moment.” It took her about five minutes before the sleep drug was floating his blood. “Good night, Tony.” She told him and Tony only smiled, closing his eyes.
Rhodey narrowed his eyes. “First of all, do I look like I care? And second of all.” He took a deep breath before shouting his next sentence. “Pepper needed to tell me that you’re now fucking Captain America.”
“Sir has neither slept, nor eaten since his return to New York. He’s not talkative. He cries. He blocked all calls and the workshop is in shutdown.” Steve stopped in front of the door.
“Listen, Cap. I will follow your commands and help if it’s necessary. Nobody will know I’m here, Iron Man is death, I mean rhetorical. I learned how to help myself without the suit. I’m a genius, I can literally hack into anything and I do have JARVIS and if everything goes downhill, I still have suits. I blew them, though… I’m building some new ones right now…” Tony tried convincing his teammate of his worth.
Tony crossed his arms over his chest. “I’m not.” He looked away from Steve. “I talked to Dr. Yinsen, I have an appointment next week. Thursday morning.” He sighed, looking back up to Steve. “I just thought you would be there. You’re my guardian angel, apparently I’m not dying as long as I’m under your watch.”
“It’s been two years, what could he still find now?” Natasha wondered.
“So even in the military it was kept a secret?”
“Sure, but once again you proved that you’re not an egoistic bastard and can work pretty well on a team.”
Steve stroked over Tony’s hair, the younger man was laying on his shoulder, with his feet on the couch and his knees close to his chest. Like a child. “What would your dad say?” Steve asked silently.
“He will totally give you a shovel talk. Don’t take it seriously.” Steve grabbed the man by his shoulder and pulled him into his lap. Tony laid his hand on Steve’s shoulder and sighed.
“Yes. Does that mean, you’re going to miss me?” Steve’s smile turned into a grin.
“Mh, I thought I dreamed about Pepper, maybe I really talked to her.” He sighed and looked around his room. His eyes fell on the flowers on his right sight. “Are those from you?” Tony whispered.
“You refused a pacemaker?!” Steve was shocked, that thing could prevent a lot of harm and Tony refused it. Was that guy really a genius, cause for Steve it seemed as if he was just a total dumbass.
But you just knew
Tony refused to go sleeping while Steve made something to eat. Instead he sat on the bar stool and watched Captain America cooking. Well, Tony called it watching, Steve thought about it as desperately trying to not fall off the stool while keeping his eyes open. It took Tony twenty minutes to actually fall asleep with his head on the table. Steve tried to be more silent after that, he would not dare to move the man who would probably just wake up. He must take the risk of Tony just falling of his seat.
“Mph, couldn’t sleep.” He slurred.
Tony was definitely up for it. He leaned into the kiss and grabbed Steve by his shirt to pull him down. He tasted sweet, Steve wondered about that. His lips were rough, different to girl’s lips. He liked it though, feeling his beard on his face, just tasting pure Tony. He could get used to that.
But the genius didn’t even answer when he came back, he stayed completely silent until they shared their way into the second floor and parted ways in front of Steve’s new room. “No, it doesn’t.” Tony said without turning around. “Goodnight Steve.”
Steve smiled a second a took a step back. “You are making plans for the future.”
“Do you think I wanna know which part you’re playing?” He shouted. Tony opened his mouth to explain to his friend that they actually hadn’t come to that part yet, so he couldn’t be a 100% sure that Steve was a top, he was only 95% sure. “Shut it, Tony! I don’t want to hear anything!”
After breakfast, Tony and Steve agreed that it would be for the best if he stayed out of anything Bucky related for the moment being. While Steve was running between the lab and the Hulk room and his regular checks on Tony, Tony himself stayed in the penthouse, working with JARVIS and a tablet on the Code for the new phone.
Steve tensed up again. It would be impolite to beat the shit out of this fat guy, right? Maybe just a little, he should do it, though. He saw how Tony held back himself, his jaw clenched and it was impossible to ignore it.
Steve desperately wanted to touch Tony, hold his hand, wipe away the sweat on his forehead, brush through his hair, that he knew must been softer than a dog’s fur. But he didn’t. Tony was unconscious and they were not close enough for Steve to just do it without Tony’s clear consent on any physical touch.
“You should sleep before we talk. I want you to understand what I’m saying”
“He’s not wrong, but he just doesn’t want to lose his best friend, it’s not about the fact that he saved you. He would do that again, every day if necessary. He loves you and wants you to live.” I’ve known you for a day, and I want you to live. He didn’t say that, but frankly he couldn’t imagine Tony to be gone within the next months. His heart broke only at the thought of it.
“I’m not a child, Cap.”
“I’m not sure you wanna know that. And it’s a long story.”
One of the HYDRA guys took his helm off. “Now, he is an assassin.” Maria Hill said, when she showed them her face. The three captured Avengers looked at the other HYDRA guy and wondered why he was not reacting. “Come on, Stark. No time for drama.” Maria said and slowly the man took his helmet off as well.
But Pepper had also made a good call to let Steve pretend to be his bodyguard. They made their photos but everybody backed down when Steve walked in their direction with Tony close behind. He was nearly sure he heard him laugh about the situation behind his back, which the genius denied later.
He was very pale and thin. He looked thinner than in the morning. Although Steve was telling himself that this was impossible, Tony seemed to have lost a few pounds since then. He looked tiny too, the hospital bed, that usually was way too small to be comfortable, was now way to big. Had it seemed like that last week?
Anyone, and it was you, I told you anything at all
“I heard he’s a billionaire and lives in the biggest building of New York. You should keep him, think about all the stuff he could buy you.”
Freaks - Surf Curse
“I like the others, and I try to trust them… But as much as I try every day, I know and they do, that I don’t. But with you.” He shrugged, grinned for a second up to Steve. “Everything feels right, I feel safe and l-liked, and I dunno where all those feelings come from, but I just decided to go with it… but I’m fucking scared, okay? I’ve had my heart broken before, and I can’t go through this again… Not with you, at least.”
“Are you done?” Tony asked, getting more and more pissed off. “Your job is to keep all that away from me, alright? And if you can’t do that, hire people who can. And now please, go! I’ve more important things to do.”
“Miss Potts will arrive shortly. Do you want to change into something more appropriate, Sir?”
“Okay, then tell me something you want to do, anything.” Tony opened his eyes and looked suspiciously into Steve’s direction. Slowly he sat up again.
“Right, since Bucky’s not there anymore those three are my best friends, but Mia is like a big sister to me, sometimes the little one, though.”
“The operation is dangerous, Steve. You know that. I know that. Fuck, 5-year-old me would know it.”
Steve felt, how his face automatically put on a mask, so he wouldn’t show any emotions. He usually did when he talked about his father. “He went to the Kosovo conflict in 1999. Later we were told that he and a few other soldiers had stayed behind to help some Albanians carry out some blessed civilians, well a bomb deployed only about 50 feet next to them…” Steve turned even more away from Tony. “He only made it back in a coffin. Last deployment. Is that even believable? He wanted to stop to be with his family. Wasn’t meant to be.”
“I can’t Steve. I’m sorry, but…” He took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a second. He really did not want to cry in front of Captain America. “We both know he will be there, today. Hill told me about your plan, but I can’t. I know you will spare him Steve. I understand. You will try to save him, but I can’t watch it, not yet. These pictures. One day, maybe. But you’re alone now. I’m sorry.” Tony turned around, wanted to go as far away as possible but Steve grabbed his shoulder.
“That was a team effort.” He whispered back.
“Don’t get yourself killed.”
“I tried. You’re a big boy. Take a long shower, don’t save the shampoo, use the whole bottle and brush your teeth, for like five minutes at least, use mouthwash too, please. I will call for take-out since I’m sure you’re out of anything eatable.” He closed the door before Tony could say another word.
A tear dropped out of Tony’s eye but he smiled it away. “So, you want pizza or Chinese take-out for lunch?” He asked.
“Well, when you have a bunch of wild young adults under your direction, you get to know those problems, not to forget, I’m not that old myself.”
“I will help you.” Tony announced after a while, looking at Steve cautiously. He frowned, what did he mean?
I was walking down the avenue, my heart open to the unknown
“Sit down on the couch. I make hot chocolate, then we talk.” Steve decided and sat his boyfriend down on the couch before heading into the kitchen.
Pepper sighed. “It doesn’t. It will go away faster when he goes out there, shows his usual self to the world, and basically says fuck you to the people betting on his death. He will heal faster, I know him, please believe me.”
Steve shook his head. “I’ve got things to do…”
“No, you don’t have to stay, Dad. There’s nothing you could do.” He heard Tony’s voice from the living room when he entered back. For a moment he wanted to go upstairs and take a shower before saying his hello, but since it was probably Mr. Stark’s house he should probably great him first.
“More important? What sleeping and watching New Girl, what the fuck is wrong Tony? Is it your PTSD, did Cap tell you to fuck off? Who is bugging you, that you can’t do your work?!”
Steve sighed. He knew Tony was trying to joke around, cheer himself up but he also knew that behind every joke there was a little truth. “I’m planning on keeping him, but actually this tower, it’s a little too big, without JARVIS, I wouldn’t even find the kitchen. It’s sad that my apartment was blown up; we could live there.”
They fell back into their chitchat for a little while, until there was a silent knock on the door, a moment later Howard Stark walked in, although it took the group a few moments to actually recognize him. Tony was yet again confronted with the fact that his father was not the man he used to be.
“Ha! Nice joke.” He laughed at her but left the three after waving goodbye.
“That depends on your answers.” Sam stated. Bruce grinned but decided to not engage into the discussion.
That’s why Bucky was here, Steve was confused at first, since Stark Industries headquarters were in New York, but Bucky explained him, that it was Howard Stark’s son building the prosthesis for his second doctor’s degree. Steve knew the name Tony Stark Nobody didn’t know the genius. He was still impressed. He had thought the boy was a lot younger than him, but apparently, he wasn’t, or how could he be doing his second doctorate program?
“How?” Steve could only ask and Bucky shrugged. He didn’t really care, he would get a pretty great robotic arm thanks to Tony so he didn’t care anymore about the how’s and why’s.
“That’s what everybody, including me, thought until last week. HYDRA wanted them dead, so the Winter Soldier did his job.” Tony explained further. The smaller man starred into Steve’s eyes and neither of them knew what the other one was thinking.
“Are you serious?” There were anger and some kind of worry in his voice, he didn’t now, if Tony was worried about Steve or about himself, or their relationship, but at least he was acting like didn’t care at all. Steve couldn’t retain a second of a smile on his face.
“Take care son.” The man behind him said. He sounded different than the other one. It was Howard Stark. He looked and sounded tired, concerned, while the other guy – Obadiah, if Steve guessed correctly – sounded, well happy was an understatement, euphoric fit a lot better.
“So, what? That’s not okay. I wanted to pay the groceries, since I’m the one cooking and eating most of it.” Steve pouted.
“Yeah, but… no.” Tony shook his head. “He might want to get a bigger part of the company, but he would never do any harm to my father. They have been friends for years, even before I was born. He helped my dad after my mom had died. He would never.”
Now you're making me nervous'
Only it ain't on the surface
Well I do'
“I know, I know. I had sex, okay… Plenty.” He cleared his throat and straightened his posture.
People used to respect him, they looked up to him. They felt grateful even if he just spoke a few words with them. Now, though, he seemed to be an old and tired man. He walked slower, head down and not up in the air like back in the days. He was thinner too and Tony wondered if he was drinking again.
“I’m too heavy.” Tony declared but wasn’t really convincing. He said it more out of principle. The time someone carried him into bed were gone since he grew too big for Jarvis to do it. Dating a super soldier, apparently came with some benefits.
“It’s silent.” Tony whispered but decided to not open his eyes. They hurt, and he was enjoying Steve’s finger on his face.
"You’re a good man, Tony. The best. Thanks for being by my side." He took a deep breath. "I realized one thing over the last days and especially on my ride from Washington D.C. But now, I’m ready to admit it to myself and tell you.”
“Alright, alright.” Steve gave in. “I will try my best to get Tony to the game. I need good seats, and Clint I hope you are actually as good as everybody claims you to be, so my first date isn’t going to be shit because you lose.”
Steve sat down too. “He didn’t use those words, but that’s what he implied… Although that’s not the reason for my ‘depressed look’ if you wanna call it like that.” He sighed. “Is it true that you’re probably gonna die? Even with the operation?”
“So, Tony didn’t want him to come, right?” Bucky asked into Pepper’s direction after he had taken a sip of his coffee.
“Either you pay me with popcorn or with money, it’s up to you.”
Steve sighed. “You know how crazy it is, that you believe I’m just a hallucination before you think it is actually me?” Tony blinked a few times.
I personally find it hilarious how Stane and Steve are bringing kind of the same arguments but with such differing intentions, I only realised that when I was revising the chapter.
Now you shaped that liquid wax
“You’re still in there?” Tony asked him with a frown on his forehead. “You totally zoned out there, that’s usually a thing only I do, so you can’t have that Rogers.” Steve grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the bedroom.
“Yeah sure, but I missed Bucky and Sam, too. I miss home, good-old America.”
The billionaire rolled his eyes. “Come on, man. I will follow you. I’m serious.”
Steve laughed, while making himself a coffee. “That’s called connecting, you get to know new people. It’s usually fun.”
“Thanks, I appreciate your try to uplift me, but compared to you, I’m a complete douchebag.” Steve laughed.
“Probably not.”
Tony took exactly the 30 minutes it needed for the delivery boy to arrive. While the guy was in the elevator, Steve threw the clothing into the bathroom without looking. He went to the elevator and paid the delivery man.
On his way there he regretted it a little and decided to buy some flowers. He decided on roses, at least they were yellow. He regretted that too when he was in the elevator up into the sixth floor. He hid both presents in his jacket, even if it would kill the flowers. He also hated the fact that Bucky talked him into wearing his uniform. He looked ridiculous in here.
“Shut up Clint. Go to your training. You better be there on time or else the coach will replace you with Rumlow.”
Pepper blew out her cheeks, trying to calm herself down, before she would explode. She failed miserably. “Since you came out of that cave, I’ve always been there, I tried and I tried but it didn’t work! You don’t want anybody’s help Tony! You’re better off alone.”
“You’re killing yourself right now, Tones… You’re throwing everything away.”
“Wow, what have you two been up to?” Sam laughed and made a dramatic pause, which hadn’t the effect he awaited, nobody even seemed to realize he was talking. “We took SHIELD down, idiot! Like a fucking week ago!”
“I wish Jarvis was here… he makes the best pancakes.” Tony announced himself and sat down on a barstool, still half asleep. “Can you push two buttons to make me coffee?” He asked sweetly. “I want espresso, double.”
After some minutes, Tony switched off the TV but still stared into it. “The last time.” He started. “The last time I was with someone, here or generally with someone, that was the moment I found out about my heart condition… well, I realized something was wrong.”
Wir sind Schwestern
“Serious, man? I’m 20 years old, call me Tony.” The corner of Steve’s lips went up. Yes, he definitely liked Tony Stark already. “So, what’s with the uniform? Don’t got any other clothes?” Tony asked after he had invited Steve to take a seat.
“What now?” Pepper asked curiously.
Tony rolled his eyes and shrugged. “If I was that good at sport, I wouldn’t have. My brain is better than my body as everybody knows. I don’t know if you’re invested in College football, but Boston College usually isn’t high up, Clint could have fucking gone to Alabama or Clemson. This team would be nowhere without him. Every NFL team knows. They are waiting for him.”
“Did… Did he ever abuse you?” There was a little pause in Tony’s regular breathing and Steve felt how his heart started to pick up speed.
“I am. I am a genius.” Tony answered. “And you should be grateful to be a part of the company, now fuck off I’ve seen enough of your shit face. I do what I want, and I know what’s good for my father’s company. And if you don’t like it, then leave!”
Natasha stopped the Quarterback before he could attack Steve.
“Where do you think he will end up? If he ever enters the draft?” Bucky asks.
The next day found Steve leaning on Tony’s bar, drinking a cup of coffee while his doctor, Dr. Goldstein took care of his man. He smiled into his cup, yeah Tony was now his man. Only his. God, he loved that feeling already.
“Yes, yes I definitely am.” Steve laughed, low and almost wanting, and making Tony’s stomach swoop for an entirely different reason with the way the Alpha’s voice bottomed out gravely when the whiskey soaked through his words. “Any I miss you. I wanna see you when I get home. Any chance you’ll be waiting in my bed, sweet Omega?”
He blew out a short breath. “Having someone I love in the backseat of that car sans clothing just about tops my list of wet dreams.”
It was cold enough to see their breath as they parted, and it rose foggy in the air as Tony exhaled, “
there at the end, I should be hydrated for days.”
It sounded great, and Tony deleted his
“You sure about that?”
thing I’m going to do is buy three months of diapers and then clothes in the next size up for Pete.”
that person needs the money? That's a level of cruelty I can’t imagine.”
“Yeah, that sounds good for me too.” Steve dropped a kiss on Peter’s forehead and held out his hand for Tony. “Lets get home, sweetheart. You and me need to
--and on the bed, Tony covered his mouth with his hands and clenched his legs together when the Alpha straightened up and row upon row of golden muscles shifted and
“Bucky didn’t lock the door to the house because he wanted me to know I could leave at any time.” The information came quietly, and stopped Steve right in his tracks. “He kept apologizing for the Command and when we got here he told me I could go to any room I wanted, even yours, and that he wouldn’t lock the door if we wanted to leave but he begged me to stay till you got here.”
but he swallowed a growl of open desire and instead picked up Tony's hand to run his nose over the tender skin at the Omega's wrist. The chamomile scent was stronger here, the allure of apple blossoms more faint than it would be Tony's neck but Steve still groaned over it, still pressed his mouth to the steady thrum of the Omega's heartbeat there among the delicate bones and then scraped his fangs lightly just lightly until thin red lines bloomed beneath his lips.
was at twenty two so…”
Steve’s hips plastered to the back of Tony’s thighs, his teeth dragged red lines down Tony’s back as he gave the little brunette a few seconds– just a few breaths– to adjust to his size and then he moved, withdrawing achingly slow until the fat glans caught at Tony’s rim and tugged overstimulating at the nerve endings and then shoving back in as deep as he could, rocking forward on the thrust and pushing Tony further into the pillows.
Instead the Alpha picked up Tony's hand from where the Omega was gripping at the counter top for dear life, and kissed the lightly calloused fingertips and then went to get Tony's jacket so they
wanna play?”
, but it was a better situation than he’d been in just a few weeks ago and that was all that mattered.
and the Alpha shoved closer, lapping at the slick drops as if he were starving. “Well if you insist, I suppose I could get used to being spoiled like this…”
“Very good, sir.” The Beta waiter didn’t so much as blink over the selections. It was entirely expected for the Alpha of a couple to order red meat and the Omega to be ordered something lean such as chicken, sea food or sometimes simply a
“I don’t.” Tony interrupted again, ignoring the sting of the word arrangement and tucking it away for later to wonder about. “I just haven’t managed my pants yet.”
They were delirious, overwhelmed being so close after so long apart, panting and gasping into each other’s mouths, Steve’s knot aching and the Omega’s hole shivering clenching trying to pull him in deeper. “
“My favorite thing about you is how generous you are, even when you didn’t have much.” the Alpha crooned adoringly at his mate, and Tony flushed in pleasure. “I’ll see what I can do. Now if I remember right, didn’t you say something about having to buy a
“Bucky and Natasha were being assholes because they were sure you were hiding something and
“...yes?”
“I didn’t tell a joke.” Tony yanked his apron off and used the one clean corner to scrub at his face before tossing it into the laundry and retrieving a fresh one. “Trust me, there was
“I just paid a gross amount of money for a steak, they can judge me however much they want.” Steve’s smile stretched wider as he raised his hand for the check. “Do you want all of this food? I wasn’t aware that a porcini was a mushroom until they handed me the plate and I’m definitely not going to eat it. Mushrooms are horrifying, who picks things out of the ground and tosses them on a plate?”
The very second Steve strode into the jewelry store, the manager hurried over to greet him, shaking his hand and chattering excitedly and apologetically for this entire ordeal and for having to interrupt him so late in the day and how she desperately hoped this incident wouldn’t cause him to take his business elsewhere--
Steve was still laughing when Bucky left a while later, but once he was all alone in the empty brownstone, he picked up his phone and scrolled to the
me to shop in that jewelry store!” The Omega was suddenly shouting, voice pitched near frantic and eyes blazing in hurt. “They would have closed the show room down so I could shop in private and pick out anything I wanted! And today?
“Pete?” Steve called for the baby instead of answering Tony. “Bud, do you want extra chocolate chips or extra
--!” Tony popped his fangs in irritation, but worked to lower his voice. “I am
you. If any one of my friends found out you had Pete, they’d be tripping over themselves to make sure you didn’t have to put yourself through dates with a goofus me to pay the bills. If I hadn’t already been in love with you, Bucky would have probably taken you to
, but you shouldn’t have to and I haven’t forked somebody in a while so let me have my fun.”
….and hit
“Yeah, sure. France.” Steve briefly wondered if the floor could just open up and swallow him whole. It would be a better fate than making an idiot of himself in front of the pretty Omega. You’re beautiful and you deserve a ...mutually beneficial relationship… with someone who can do all this sort of thing for you. I feel like I’ve been lying since I set foot in this place because I’d so much rather be taking a walk by the river and sharing an ice cream and I know that’s not what you’re looking for so maybe we should just call this all over and--”
“Um.” Tony hesitated only a split second before giving in, melting into the embrace and whimpering softly when the heat pouring off the big Alpha surrounded him and chased away a chill Tony hadn’t realized had taken root deep in his bones. “Oh. This is nice.”
“Uh--” the subject change had the Omega’s heart pounding. “I could be. What’s up?”
“No one t’help or anyone who gives a damn about th’two of you?”
funny about that interaction at all.”
and Tony didn’t realize he was purring out loud until they parted and Steve whispered, “Omega, your purr is so sweet, I could listen to that all night.”
to be about sex, that the idea of Tony comfortable here in his home was enough.  “I want you
this couch.” Tony ran his hands over the plentiful throw pillows on the huge couch admiringly. “I’m not brave enough to buy white furniture, I’d be sure to spill on it immediately. It’s pretty though.”
...Steve sent
seeing so many books in one place. “I’d wager a bet I know more than you do.”
“I don’t have a--” Steve stopped, sighed when Bucky only looked at him. “Fine. What’s my problem, Buck?”
A thrum of
“Did you--” Bucky’s sharp fangs glinted when he grimaced again. “Did you recover from the Command okay? No lingering side effects?”
“Sure.” the Omega swallowed hard and smoothed down the lace at his top, telling himself to
talked to strangers simply chattering away, the baby settled and safe and calm at Steve’s side.
to sleep on. Two went on Pete’s side of the bed so the toddler wouldn’t roll in his sleep and bump into the wall, one replaced the paper thin cushion in the worn recliner, and Tony carried the last two down the stairs to Peggy’s apartment and tucked them into the gentle Alphas bed.
--” Steve started to shout, then stopped, blinked. “Wait. Did you say them?”
“Did you see Pete trying to jump off the dresser?”
“My advantage.” Steve repeated. “You just said yourself that I’m tired of groupies. I don’t want someone who is into me because I played a little pro ball, or because I’ve got medals from the war or because I’m an artist. I don’t want that.”
He took the stairs to the loft two at a time, not really sure what he was worried about finding but running up the steps all the same, heart pounding and voice cracking as he called-- “Pete! Steve--!”
That was fine, but what had Bucky’s chest tightening and jaw dropping was the
Tony could have melted right through the floor beneath all the adoration shining through the Alphas smile.
moved when it wagged it’s huge tail, teeth showing in a huge doggy smile and ears perked up high as the toddler scratched him. He was wonderfully friendly for being big enough to step right over Pete and barely notice, the tail would be lethal if it wasn’t so fluffy and when Peter got close enough, the dog threw itself onto the ground for belly rubs, wriggling and huffing and batting at the toddler with his huge paws.
“You haven’t screwed up one of the burgers.” Tony pointed out tiredly. “You actually did a really good job filling every single one of my orders, I can tell from over here.”
“Alright, then.” Peggy blew the baby a quick kiss and crooned comfortingly at Tony. “Come down and knock on the door if you change your mind. Good night, honey.”
anyway. It wasn’t easy to work six and seven days a week at a time, but it was certainly easier to pay the rent on the weeks when the diner’s less than dependable staff called out and he could pick up extra shifts. “I shouldn’t need you tomorrow or Monday.”
it for me.” Steve loved the sound of Tony’s laughter, and his not so smooth attempt at telling his Omega just how much he loved the idea of buying
It was unbelievable and so far past what Tony had been afraid of yesterday when Bucky had come to his house that the Omega couldn’t form words, and instead just cried silently into his cup.
“Is your birthday really the Fourth of July?” Tony ignored the thing about
“Well.” Tony’s hands fluttered a little nervously as he lay back on the pillows again, plucking at the blankets like he wanted to pull them back up but was trying to talk himself out of it. “You’ve got so many muscles it’s almost unfair. I’m not exactly Captain America like
“There’s a kid, Stevie.” Bucky nearly whispered, and watched his best friend’s face go very pale. “Tony’s got a kid. So you can’t march in there growly or even real intent on scooping that Omega up and carrying him away. You gotta calm down and be nice, alright?”
Steve turned his nose into Tony’s hair, murmuring a promise to just
“I’m gonna hold you to that.”  Steve swept Tony up close for a hug that went on and on and on. “I love you, Tony.”
“I can handle the table, Clint.” Tony said softly, but gratitude made his voice wobbly, and Clint just snorted,. “Yeah you
“I-- what? No.” Tony stuttered through his answer, caught off guard by the near hostility in the Alpha’s eyes. “I mean, I-- I don’t mind children, I just um-- I just-- I’m twenty, you know? I’m
nervous about seeing the Steve after a month because he’d
“Okay.” the Omega’s smile was watery, but the frayed edges of his chamomile scent eased as the comfort and truth from Peggy sank into his soul like warm balm. “Okay then. Let’s get to work.”
The blond grabbed one of the bayonet forks they used for turning steaks and waggled his eyebrows, blue eyes sparkling in anticipation “Eat your burger, babe. I’ll bring you back your tip money.”
...Steve whistled as he jogged up the steps to the old apartment, ready to see Tony smile, ready to kiss that perfect mouth, ready to hold Tony close and maybe pull him towards the bed in the back room...
- sort of work, but now I know I’d do whatever it takes to take care of Peter. I could never fault anyone for doing whatever it takes to survive, especially when there’s a kiddo involved.”
“You hardly know me a week.” Tony answered but now there was actually a tiny tear rolling down his cheek.
Tony stayed silent for a couple of seconds. “I don’t think it comes from trauma… I mean ‘Stark men are made of iron’ is kinda stuck with me forever, but I was a genius, rich kid that was a lot younger than the other kids in school, so I had to hide from bullies. I tried to hide from myself, when my parents died. I didn’t want to admit to myself that I was hurt. Then there was press everywhere and every time. You can’t survive if you show them to much of yourself. I was kidnapped and tortured, one of my oldest friends tried to kill me, multiple times… I can’t show my enemies how I feel, that gives them even more power over me, you know that… I think that's the reason, I'm not sure.” He sighed.
Bruce shook his head a few times. “A week ago?” He asked then, while Tony actually expected him to come with contra-arguments.
Steve didn’t answer right away. At first, he had to think of what to say, he had faced death often enough in his life. His father died in Iran when Steve was only four years old, and his mom died when he enrolled in the army. She had had lung cancer.
“C’mere, sweetheart.” Steve murmured and pulled the smaller man into his arms. “You’re going to be fine. We’re going to be fine.” He comforted his partner. He caressed Tony’s hair and held him as close as possible without breaking his spine.
Stane rolled his eyes. “You think, we go with that now? Your father is in a coma, and stocks are crashing, and you wanna roll with your battery and smartphone shit? I thought people call you a genius. The only thing working is weapons. It has always been like this and it will in the future, stop being an ungrateful brat.”
“Well, something is wrong with your statement, since I’m pretty sure the hottest guy you ever met must greet you every morning in front of the mirror, at least you are by far the hottest I ever met.”
“Technically, I’m not paying you. Just take it, Steve, please. It won’t hurt me the slightest. I’m a billionaire’s son, soon to be billionaire. As for in six months. So please, keep me company.”
“I mean, Steve’s floor is probably being cleared… There are still a dozen others, but they’re being renovated… You know, this crazy alien guy and Hulk happened, so it needs some time.”
“Everybody wants their parents around if they are sick…” Bucky murmured. “And even if Tony is acting like the king of the world, he’s twenty. He’s a kid.”
“And you are, you’re doing everything you can, but you have to look after yourself. And if you can’t, I will.”
Tony fell asleep during the second episode. He snored softly into Steve’s shirt. The sound was oddly comforting. Steve hated it when he was with the Howling Commandos, these guys where like power saws in their sleep. Only Bucky was calm, in fact he slept so silently one could believe he was dead. He breathed slowly like no one else and didn’t move a bit. Steve sighed and held Tony even tighter.
“Nurse said everything is good for now. He’s been in there for two hours and a half.”
Third of all, even though you had to wait this long, I hope you still enjoy the story.
“Why did you like the book?” Bucky changed the subject, apparently, he knew what panic attacks were and he tried to help. That gave him a million plus points.
Tony would fight for two simple reasons. He couldn’t leave his dad alone and Steve showing up on one of the most difficult times of his life, that meant something, didn’t it? He needed to explore this connection further before deciding how much it really meant.
“With pleasure, Captain. Good night.”
Cap got up and shook Tony’s hand. “You know what? I’m happy to see you alive.”
“Are you drugged, or I?” Tony wondered when he interrupted her. He left his eyes closed.
“You’re literally the first person ever to gift me flowers. Thank you.” He looked a little sad, Steve thought, but there was something that made him believe that Tony loved the fact he brought him flowers.
Steve did do the dishes. He needed to occupy himself. He was totally overthinking the conversation, but he didn’t want to sleep yet. It was late, but he had slept for days, he wasn’t tired. But he was utterly confused. Was it a good sign Tony wanted him to stay? Or was it a bad sign he didn’t give a direct answer? Steve wanted to smash the glass in his hand. Why does everything in his goddamn life had to be so complicated? Would ever anything good stay in his life?
Steve had lain awake the whole night. Not only was Bucky’s couch extremely uncomfortable -so he was clearly not staying here for two months-, but, as he had predicted, thoughts about Tony hadn’t left his brain. Even if he doubted Tony would ever be interested in him there was still this question mark if he would make it through. This would be the horror story of his life. He couldn’t have fallen in love with a guy that died shortly after.
“You used the word cool.” Tony snorted. “You really are getting used to the 21st century.”
Tony bit his lip. “Well yes, but no… I let it rest, I drank it cold that was alright, not always but yes…” Steve opened the door and went back into the kitchen.
Steve took a last deep breath and knocked on the door. “Come in.” He heard Tony’s voice. He straightened his posture and walked right in.
“I’m sorry, I think I misunderstood you.” That was the first sentence coming out of his mouth. Tony shook his head and smiled tenderly.
Tony opened his eyes only slightly when he heard Pepper enter the room. She sat down on a chair, next to his left side. He tilted his into her direction and cracked a tiny smile.
When we love each other
“Back to me. Far more important than the homophobic army shit.” He scratched his head. “I was, I thought I was coming. You know, heart beat faster, vision got a little blurred, legs weak… because whatever happened after, he was a great at sucking cocks, anyways. I did not come… I passed out.”
Bucky shook his head. “I remember them, you know? And when I saw you, I knew who you were. I mean everybody knows you but back there at the sea, I recognized you in a heartbeat…”
“I bet Steve’s going to propose within the next month.” She answered.
“If only it were that easy, Cap.” Natasha felt truly sorry. He tried but still the whole world always turned against him and not even the woman he loved could take him the way he is.
“Yep… You don’t like the idea?”
“Made me think of my father. I wished it would happen to him… But basically, I had read all imaginable children books and I was done with it at seven years old. They were just too boring, so I decided to take some out of Jarvis bookshelf.”
“Congratulations Captain, you saved a life today.” He smiled at Steve and shook his hand. “I’m sure Tony and his father will be more than grateful.” Steve couldn’t answer that and just watched the doctor disappear with the ambulance.
“No, he’s a friend.”
“But, Cap… Steve, I’m not misreading this, right? Like, I don’t even know why I’m asking, because you’re clearly not that kind of guy, but still… I wonder…” Steve turned back to Tony, waiting for him to come to his point. “You’re serious about me, us, right?”
“Yeah, something like that…” Tony answered. Steve placed a big bottle in front of him.
Steve shrugged. “No, well, I hate weapons of any type but for now the US can’t be without weapons, and if we need them, then I rather have the best ones to offer.”
“Thanks JARVIS. You must know where to find Tony, right?”
Tony smiled, and he just couldn’t bring himself to stop. He wasn’t making fun of Steve, but it was a comfy picture seeing Steve on his couch, desperately trying to understand his work. Not because he really wanted to correct Tony, or feel superior as most people did with him. And failed. No, Steve genuinely wanted to help him and understand Tony’s work only for the sake of it, not to use it.
“He knows better?” Steve asked confused.
“Nobody said anything to me, if that helps.” Sam offered with a grin, and even if he didn’t know, he wasn’t surprised at all.
“What you’re doing?” Steve asked laying down on bed next to Tony late that night. The billionaire was still tapping on his laptop.
Let's get the team back together!
The woman turned around to face him. “I’m not calling you Mr. Rogers or Captain Rogers. I’m still Pepper.”
Pepper laughed. “Tony let him in pretty fast. I’m sure it’s reciprocally.” She sighed and picked up her bag. “I’m gonna have a look at the troublemaker. I don’t have that much time myself, a lot of work waiting for me.”
So, he sat there on this stupid terrace with his laptop. He was back into SHIELD’s system and tried to help Hill and Natasha to find their way through security. Plus, he tried stopping Rumlow who wanted to take control over his helicarriers. That was never going to happen. Man, he never liked that guy. It was not easy, but all he could do, while listening to Sam’s near death and Steve trying to convince his best friend that he was Bucky Barnes, a great guy, brainwashed for HYDRA’s sake.
“Fuck! No. Don’t fucking twist my words!” Bucky screamed at him. “I love Tony, not only because of the prosthetic but also because he helped me through a really dark time. I would give my life for him, if I could. But you are my friend and you’re sensitive. He has people to look after him, a bunch of…”
“It could kill hundreds of people, only one of them.” Tony answered. “I can build it and if you’d give my dad some time, he would too.” He sighed. “After my advice, he decided to not even have a look at it. Obie, on the other hand, tried to understand but never will. He still wants it on the market.”
Steve smiled while looking at Tony’s hair. He would help him, any way he could. "How could I?"
“Welcome home Captain Rogers.” JARVIS greeted him. “I’m delighted to see you alive and in good shape.”
The only answer he got at first was the sound of the television. He heard how Tony tried to breath calmly as if he would disappear when he was just silent enough. Steve gave him time, knowing what Tony had already been through, it probably wasn’t the nicest story. And nobody could force him to tell it.
Steve nodded once. “He did, although I still don’t know how he ended up at your party.”
“How do you know that?” Tony was openly surprised, maybe even shocked. Steve saw and heard how his heart rate put up some beats. “It’s not on the market. Nobody knows how to finish it.”
Tears sprung to his eyes. Tony had no control of his body. He already pictured himself in fetal position on the ground, bouncing back and worth. A panic attack took over. He trembled. His heart was racing. A dry sob came out of his mouth. It needed an explosion to take him out of his dazed state. He wasn’t sure how long he sat there. A couple of seconds, some minutes, more? He had to go.
Tony shook his head. “No, come on. I just think it’s his business attitude. And the company would be fucking nothing without my Dad or at least me, it carries our name.”
“Sure, I can, what should I tell him?”
“Pepper.” He answered, and Steve had the feeling that Tony was not so happy about her arriving. “Since you’re my ex, your right to enter my bedroom is revoked, immediately.” Steve had guessed correctly. “Jarvis?”
“Yeah, if not I would have already died out of pure boredom.” Tony answered, and picking on his salad. With a disgust look at it, he put it away.
Steve did indeed enjoy the run. The phone had calculated the perfect route for his needs and it had great music on it, for which he probably had to thank Tony. In the end, Steve was actually surprised when he was already back at Tony’s house.
Tony clapped his hand on his back and walked him to their lab. “That’s last week’s news, you have to catch up, and hey, we’ve got a new member.” Tony stopped in his track. “One question, really important. I mean, you know I love that big guy, right? Course I do, he saved my life… I can still smell his breath… but hey, not a problem.” He sighed. “The Hulk room is occupied. Do you think, you two could get along for the time being?”
“I do, but the last time I saw them, they were not that close, I actually thought they were not close at all. More like a cat and a dog.”
“Nah, I can handle him. Dad gives me a free hand with SI. I think he wants to step down more and more, so it’s only the board I need to put on my side. And since you promised me to work for me when I take over, you can charm your way up to them.” Tony seemed pretty confident.
Tony followed his direction and took some deep breaths, but even the highest building in New York hadn’t an elevator that took long enough to come up to give him enough time to explain Steve why he was out of his mind. And he clearly was, right?
“I just lost the bet, right?” Sam asked miserably.
“I must inform you about Mr. Stark’s being, Captain.” JARVIS told him in the elevator. The AI sounded concerned, which was not really surprising by itself but usually one had to ask him directly to get the right information about his creator.
“Oh!” The man forced a smile on his face. “Thank you then, Captain Rogers. We, I own you, so if there’s anything I can do for you, just tell me.”
“You’re right. We need to know how they got HYDRA into his brain, how we get it out and if we have to prepare for more of those guys. And frankly, of what I saw and what JARVIS scans indicate, he seems quite similar to you.” Tony agreed.
Steve turned is head and kissed Tony’s wrist softly. “Thank you.” He whispered. “Without you, I would get mad.”
I bring in some subjects of the MCU, but I modify them a little to make them fit into my story line.
Tony did not react on his claim in any way, which was answer enough for Steve. “You spared him, Tony… And I don’t know what to say, not only did you stay after you wanted to go, but you spared my best friend. I can’t thank you enough Tony. I’m sure it was not easy, and you may have conflicted feelings about it, about him and me… maybe about us, but it doesn’t change anything for me."
He locked eyes with Steve. “I won’t kill him, promise, with one single if. So, if I believe your life is in danger, because of him and you’re not fighting against him – which of course, you wouldn’t – I will do it, Steve. Within a second. I let him run once, for you but I will also kill him for of you, even if that thing between us will be ending then.”
“Let’s give them a little time, a coffee would be nice.” Pepper encouraged all his friends to get up and leave the room with her.
He felt safe with Tony, there was a connection between them that none of their friends seemed to understand. Honestly, neither himself nor Tony did. He knew the genius was still trying to fight it, withstand the feeling inside of him that Steve knew he must have too, just like he did. But Steve wouldn’t give up.
“Don’t be.” Tony forced his eyes open. “I’m so thankful Steve, for yesterday and for everything. I’m not sure what I would have done to myself if I had been alone.”
And confused Cap completely, he thought he talked about Bucky. “Who?”.
His friend couldn’t answer that and Steve shouldered his bag. “I rather have a little time with people I like, love… than have nothing at all. I would regret it, if I wouldn’t get to know him better. See you, Buck.” He walked to the door and turned around again before leaving. “Tony told me to invite you guys for tonight. He wanted all his friends around, eating some take-out, playing games.” Steve nodded once to himself. “But you probably don’t want to get attached.”
“Tony, honestly… What the hell?” Rhodey exclaimed.
“It’s worse than terrible, Rogers, okay? So, your first date with Tony has to wait, or it will be the game, alright? Perfect, thanks. Wear a uniform. You can be his bodyguard, so he’s safe from the paparazzi.”
“You’re right.” Steve answered and closed his eyes again. There was nothing else to do than sleeping and trying to relax while Tony took care of the mess happening around them. He was pretty good, Steve was proud of his man; maybe in the future it would be for the best if they co-leaded the team.
“Hey.” Steve said with a gentle voice and took Tony’s hand that was still on his shoulder. His fingers were still freezing. Tony shuddered and sighed.
Tony’s heart melted when he looked into Cap’s face. It should be illegal to be hot and cute at the same time, but Steve pulled it off perfectly. JARVIS would have to print him a photo of this look. A hundred copies at least.
“Don’t take him seriously, he’s only joking. I hope you’re doing good Steve?” Howard answered, while Steve nodded as an answer, he felt that it was not at all joking. The man made all of his alarms go off in his head. He must keep his distance because something was clearly not right with that guy.
“Hello, sunshine.” A man voice answered, and it took Steve some seconds to recognize the voice.
Steve shook his head. “No, you don’t. It was my duty.”
But he also knew that this was a lost case, for now. He maybe only knew the guy for two weeks, but even God himself wouldn’t get him to stop working. Steve just needed to find something that Tony found more interesting that his work. He sighed. Yeah, that was clearly an easy task.
He stood by what he said, even if Tony would die soon, he rather has some time with him than none. But now there was this ugly picture circling in his head. Tony in a coffin, his dad in front, crying like a baby. His friends around trying to withhold their tears because Tony would laugh at them, but they wouldn’t be able to keep it together. Next to the coffin his picture, in Steve’s mind it was him with a big smile and that old Stark Industries hoodie he had on when Steve picked him up from the hospital.
“I’m good, let her in.” He cuddled a little deeper into his blanket. Partly, because he really still felt cold but maybe subconsciously he was also trying to protect himself. The doors slid open and Pepper Potts walked out of the elevator.
“You know, what?” Steve murmured after only having read the first five pages of Tony’s work, since the genius asked him to reread it for grammatical mistakes. “I always thought, I wasn’t dumb. I even would have said I’m a little over the majority of the society, but reading this?” He laughed, when Tony grinned proudly into his direction. “I think learning Mandarin is way easier than ever understanding this, I mean, how do you want me to look for grammatical mistakes or vocabulary, when I can’t even spell half of the words. I am dumb.”
“TOUCHDOWN! Barton with the perfect throw to Parker!”
“Yeah, he stayed.” Steve whispered. “And he saw Bucky, and…” He calmed himself down with a couple of deep breaths. “Sam, we have to delay our mission. Take a short vacation, I will call you.” And then Cap turned around and literally ran away from his two teammates.
And the naked thrills of flesh and skin
Charlie Worsham - How I Learned to Pray
“They will probably adopt about three kids, that will drive us mad and at the same time we will be the cool uncles and aunts.” Bruce stated.
“You take a shower, eat, sleep and then we talk about punishment.”
Steve wasn’t angry anymore, but he still shrugged off Bucky’s hand. “I learned to not live too far into the future. You should know. I’m a soldier, where’s my guarantee that I’m coming back home the next time?”
“And how are you feeling apart from that?”
It probably took him only minutes to find him, but time was a weird thing in war. He couldn’t hear, so he screamed Bucky’s name over and over again, but he neither could hear his voice, nor if his friend was actually there, if he was still alive. When he finally did find Bucky, he let out a dry sob. He saw blood, nothing but blood. His face was full of it and his arm… god, it wasn’t there anymore but all this blood. Steve had to use all his strength not to throw up.
Bucky and Steve had been talking while Tony had been silently working on some adjustments. It wasn’t the same silence as yesterday. He smiled and murmured to himself. It felt way more relaxed then yesterday.
Steve crossed his arms. “You sounded different back in the hospital?” He remarked.
“Yeah, okay. How about a small apartment in Brooklyn?”
To make the list short, he was only allowed to be on the street as long as there weren’t any politicians around. It was a mess. He was free but at the same time, he wasn’t. And with that deal, that Tony and his lawyers had concluded, there came the first fight between Steve and Tony. And it was ugly.
“You’ve got a nice home…” Steve said, laying down Tony’s bags in the entrance.
After he had been able to bear it without the drugs, he stopped talking. He was trapped in his mind and wondered how he was still alive, and four of them weren’t anymore, but he was. He wished to exchange his life for another one.
His friend only blinked a few times at this statement, he didn’t know what to make out of that.
“What about me?” Sam interrupted.
“No. It doesn’t like me.”
Tony was the first person to bring back the man he used to be proud of to be. Tony had said, that he was better when he was with him but the truth was, Steve was better when he was with Tony, because he didn’t need to keep up an image of something he wasn’t. And it had been like this since the second they met.
