"What was the reach for?" Kate asks. "Umm." Richard looks to Sky. "Genetics." Sky hums coolly.
Michael grabs new pants and a binder.
“That’s because you are. I trust you. I will always trust you. I like caring for you, it becomes my role. I make you safe and cared for.” John explains. “I help and if you have any nerves about anything, I try to quell them.”
‘He’s perfect.’
“I wanted it.” Sherlock smiles shyly at him.
She hums softly and presses closer. “Mm going to do what you told me you’d do earlier?” She blushes.
They make John carry all the bags, the final stop is the lingerie store.
"I.. I want to suck you off next time.. I really want to.."
"Come for me.." He rams into his prostate.
“I say that as if I’m scared of weakening the bond keeps us both alive.” Sherlock breaths against her ear. He runs his fangs down her chest and takes her nipple in his teeth, rolling it in his mouth.
Sherlock nodded and followed Greg to the supply room.
“Do you still smoke?”
“Yes they should. It’s a group meeting. Everyone who was involved with her resurrection.” Mycroft nods.
She smiles and finishes cooking.
She whimpers and comes again as she feels him fill her.
Sherlock blushes as he’s placed in James’ lap. “Hi, sir.”
“I love it.” Mycroft beams. “Feel as good as Morna looks.” He chuckles. He holds his brother close, rubbing Sherlock’s large stomach. “Her milk is so addictive, I want more already. I would do anything for it. Anything she asks.” He chuckles.
Collin holds Mycroft close. "Rest, baby.."
Mycroft rocks in and out of him, rubbing his prostate.
He presses his head to Duke’s chest.
George covers his eyes and starts counting.
Sherlock moans loudly, struggling under their hands. He's loving being used, getting even harder.
She sits next to him and hums.
He gasps and blushes. "Christ, you came prepared.."
"I-I'm fine, Sherlock.." He says but his voice trembles violently and he keeps the door locked.
Benny smirks, putting his cock in front of her mouth.
John slumps back in his chair and heaves a sigh. Scrubbing his hand through his hair he blows a breath out between his lips.
Lestrade shrugged. "We need his help, and if he needs you, then I don't see the problem. Just wear gloves, yeah? *Anderson, for Christ sake, take the lens cap off that fucking camera!*" He sighed deeply. "She's toward the front of the church. Up there." He gestured.
“Alright.” Crystal smiles. They finish packing and head to the airport.
“Please.” Crystal blushes and smiles shyly.
"John? What's the matter?" Sherlock asks as he sees John walk past him.
"You okay?" He nuzzles him.
Greg whimpers and swallows around him. He presses his face into Sherlock's side and kisses his hip and he pants.
He chuckles and rubs it against Mycroft's neck where he's already sucked the flesh sensitive.
Sabine is very very quiet. "I killed him." She whispers.
She gasps and rocks against him a bit as she feels his excitement growing through their connection.
"Fuck... I was thirsty..." John pants after downing the bottle in two gulps.
James stays still and holds him close, pressing soft kisses to his skin.
'Mm I can feel how nervous you all are about my final mission..'
Sherlock moans like a whore as he listens to them, closing his eyes and letting them use him.
He smiles softly and nods.
"I want you to pose yourself for this one. Let's see what you come up with." Collin smiles brightly and raises the camera.
"Sky, what's wrong?"
He arches as his air is cut off, bucking his hips as he comes hard suddenly.
She moans and arches into her hand. “Mm keep drinking and you’ll get fuller.”
“Daddy..” He mewls, trying to ride him faster.
She sighs contently, melting under him.
She hums and nuzzles him.
"Such a good boy. So sexy." He praises and kisses his arse cheeks.
He groans and starts to rock his hips. "Such a good girl.."
Sherlock smiles. “That’s a lot of babies. How many have you carried in one go? What’s the maximum?” He asks, rubbing her belly. “I’m guessing it’s more than what a human can carry.”
“Not even a little bit.” Crystal says softly and runs her fingers through his hair.
"You're beautiful. So gorgeous."
"We should talk..." Joann says softly. "About everything that happened."
Bruce and Turk head up to the bar.
He blushes and drinks more.
George holds them both close.
"As soon as things get better I'm going to have it removed. I can't deal with this anymore." She frowns and clasps her hands together trying to keep them from shaking.
John frowns but nods. “Alright.”
Sherlock whimpers as Greg pulls tighter. "Oh god.." He arches his back as he begins to unbutton his shirt.
He immediately starts thrusting. "Oh baby.." He moans.
"Mm?" He smiles softly, running his fingers through his hair.
Pythia nods. “Does she knows she’s a ghost? I know some ghosts who don’t realise they’re dead.” She explains.
"Mm at least you can follow orders, baby." He praises and squeezes his arse, wiggling the plug inside Sherlock.
"Oh god... we're going to say things like boo-boos and ouchies, aren't we?" John says after a long groan. "We're going to be insufferable to be around. But no baby talk. We'll talk to our children like we would anyone else."
"Of course." Violet smiles.
“You only tired to help them. Why would they react poorly?”
She rocks her hips slowly, starting to set a pace.
He moans breathlessly and arches his back. "D-Do you have your dog tags?"
Jason smiles and rubs his back as the waiter comes to take their order.
How is her speech coming along? She was lisping before I left. Is she still doing that? If so, we should get her to a speech therapist. I don't want her self conscious as she gets older. Having two dads is enough of a shock to preschool parents. And yes, Sherlock, you're playing the part of her father. Maybe you're doing it for me, but that doesn't negate the fact that you are her dad.
He smiles and pulls away.
"Gag on my cock." He orders.
*Negative on my behalf. Just shaken. I'm going to let the staff take care of Gregory. I fear he may have sprained something, if not broken his hand.-MH*
"I, well, I have some news. But you're not going to like it."
Mycroft takes a cautious step toward the door, glancing at Greg.
“When I was a alive. You came to the castle. You talked to the other witches. Teacher to them.” Lydia tries to remember.
“Of course.” Morna sucks on his neck teasingly.
Michael smiles and relaxes against her.
John whimpers as he feels himself bring filled.
John moans loudly. "Will you fuck her, sir? I want to watch you.. please.."
He moans and kisses him back, whimpering as he pulls away.
Michael hesitates. "Sky, what are you doing?"
He pulls back once he’s satisfied. “Ready?”
He whimpers desperately, rocking his hips.
She cries out and comes hard against his face.
"Maybe I should leave him. Maybe I'll find someone who actually gives a flying fuck about me."
"You are ridiculous!" He breaths hard taking breaks between each word.
George smirks and picks Greg up, pressing him against the desk, his cock against his arse.
Sherlock keeps his thrusts rough and deep, slowly them down to just snap his hips into her with each thrust.
He smirks, fucking him faster.
He grins. "Good boy." He pulls the plug out.
He smiles softly at him.
He hums happily and takes another drink.
"I love you.. I love you.. I love you.." He hums softly to him repeatedly.
He whimpers and arches, his cock leaking heavily. “Yes, yes, please.” He begs.
He smiles fondly. "You always did like to play pretend."
They come hard into him. Violet moans as he fills her with cum.
She moans and kisses him back deeply.
Mycroft looks around. It's cosy and warm. Much nicer than outside. He places his umbrella against the wall and takes off his coat.
Sherlock smiles and reaches for him.
John chuckles, continuing to rock in and out of Sherlock. “Such a good boy. So handsome. So perfect.” He praises as he makes his cock bigger.
Sky's phone rings and she stiffens.
John smiles. “Stay there.” He says before leaving in search for some rope.
He nips at his lip playfully.
"Oh, well, that is lovely, but... Harris Butcher's? I don't think we've ever shopped there. We get our meat from Porterford's in Watling Street." Jane sounded confused. "Are you sure it was our name?"
**Okay. I love you. -M**
"I guess so." John says softly, "but it wasn't only that. It was the worry too and the resentment. I tried not to let it bother me but eventually it got too much."
He nearly screams as he come hard and makes a mess just like Sherlock wanted.
On the bed, Sherlock is facing John, quietly repeating "I love you." to him.
They continue to fuck her hard until they're all coming hard, filling her.
“Go pick something for us to watch.” John chuckles and starts to make Sherlock’s food, his cane forgotten against the counter.
Sherlock looks the man over and in an instant his entire face pales. In one swift he pulls John behind him and grabs the poker from the fireplace, pointing it at the man's neck.
He leans against him in the car, blushing at the vibrations.
"Don't be...I enjoyed it at the time...after, not so much. Everything is stiff or hurts." Sherlock replied.
Turk hums softly as he wakes.
"The dizziness should go away in a minutes or two. It's because when you stood blood rushes to and from your head. We'll give it a second and relax before we go anywhere."
"Yes please. I need you both." She begs as she's already so wet and open for them.
Turk finally decides on a group of men. "Mm, how would you lot like to try out my little slut here? She's desperate."
She grinds against him and sucks on his tongue.
He smiles softly.
He goes to hug her. "It's alright, Sky. It's okay." He still has no idea about Violet hitting her or their fight.
John smiles. “That’s okay. I just wondered if it was a song from your childhood.” He says softly.
"Yours. Your good boy.." He whimpers softly and nuzzles Mycroft.
"Of course."
“Okay.” He grins and bounces excitedly.
Sherlock just hums as he watches the film. He keeps his arms wrapped around John, stroking his thumb over John’s side for the entire film. As it nears the end Sherlock breaths, “would you like any food? Lunch? Some snacks?”
He whimpers and holds onto Greg.
Sherlock holds onto him and straightens himself up, his breathing picking up.
He gasp and cries out. "Oh fuck yes!" He arches and pushes back against Sherlock wanting more.
“Shush, I’m going to kiss you all over now.” John kisses him deeply.
Mycroft moans and holds him close.
“What do we do with those?” Greg asks. “Throw them out to sea so no one can find them?”
"I am, yes." Sabine murmurs.
Sherlock frowns, still barely understanding anything. "I.." He nods slightly, bringing his hands up to hold his head.
Sherlock cries out as he comes hard.
She blushes and smiles shyly. She goes on her tip toes and kisses him. “What are you going to spank me with?” She kisses down his neck.
Mycroft chuckles. “You talked us into playing a game.” He smiles.
He frowns. "I.. I'm sorry, Sky.. She shouldn't have to make you choose."
"Good boy." He praises, teasing him with wide slow swipes of his tongue.
Greg smiled and nods.
'God, when did you get such a dirty mouth?'
“Yeah. The bigger you get. The hornier I become.” Sherlock smiles as he grinds into her hand.
He whimpers and nuzzles her.
"Veronica's favorite breakfast food. She only indulges on her birthday." Eli smiles.
He smiles fondly. "Yeah, they do. My girlfriend, Sky, she's somehow arranged for me to get top surgery soon."
John nods. “She was like a mother. She’s a better mother than Magdala. I don’t want her to go.” He begs Sherlock.
John nods. “That’s okay. We’ll do everything at your own pace.” He promises as he adds a third finger. “Tell me how much you want to be pregnant.” He says softly.
Mrs. Holmes rushes over to them as soon as she sees them with Mr. Holmes following slowly. "Hello, Mycroft." She smiles and hugs him.
“I know, baby. It’s okay. Almost done.” Clark says softly, holding Johns arse cheeks open so the water rinse him.
He blushes and nods, waiting for him to leave before undressing.
He moans and kisses her back.
Once his mate had left to follow his brother, most likely to plan Sherlock's
"You're so cute." He smiles.
“Almost.” He hums and presses on his belly, shifting the cum inside him. “You already look so pregnant. Can you even see your cock anymore?”
"Yes. Yes give it to me." She rocks with him.
He smiles softly. 'Do you know where Turk is?'
Mycroft blushes brightly and bucks up against him again.
Greg kisses his cheek and wraps his arm around his waist. "Oh, Death, оh Death, oh Death,
“Anything you deem as a toy. New microscope slides, that honey sampler box with honeys from around the world, a prostate massager. Whatever you think.” John smirks up at him.
"Ready?" Sky smiles.
“Yours. Your good boy, Daddy.” Mycroft mumbles, kissing his balls gently.
He blushes and nods. “You can get started. Greg and I will come find you two after. The three of us can fuck her together. You know the more turned on she gets the more babies she carries.” He licks his balls, practically feeling them fill with cum.
He smiles as he leans against her.
She smiles and pulls her down to lay with her.
He moans breathily, whining a bit. “Want to kiss you..”
“We will.” John nods. “I’ll go find her.”
“Don’t act like an intruder and think you deserve respect.” John snaps, down the cloaks direction.
“Mm if you still want it take it. It’s yours.” Sherlock moans softly, rocking back against him.
She hums, giggling. “Mm, but this way we can do more than just toys and fingers. And I could play with your cunt for a change. I’m sure it’s lovely.”
“How do you feel?” Sherlock asks as he leads Mycroft.
He smiles and leans in to kiss him.
"I promise. I'm okay. Just a bit hormonal and out of whack. Everything's fine. I promise." Sky smiles softly.
“I like you holding me..” Sherlock says softly. “Do you like it?”
Sherlock hums and nods, scooting down and resting his head in John’s lap.
He bites his lip and nods. "I don't know what I'd do if any of you left me.."
George snaps his hips hard into her throat. “Make a mess on my cock and I’ll come down your throat.”
He presses closer, kissing his neck.
“Okay okay.”John stands up and brings Sherlock’s face to his shoulder. He holds him in this awkward type hug.
“Stupid. They’re all stupid.” Sherlock flips into his chair.
She hums happily and nuzzles him. ‘Join us. Meet us there after a few days.’
“Mm? Yes, we’ve got to do that today and then pack.”
He smirks as pushes a finger into her arse.
Collin's mouth drops open in a silent scream as he comes hard.
“Yeah. They smell nice. Before we all went away I’d go down to your planet. I’d make people happy. They had festivals for me. I’d kiss the babies on the heads and they’d be lucky all their lives.” Kia smiles.
He hums softly and rubs his back soothingly.
“That’s probably best.” Magdala nods. “Camille may not be happy with me..”
"Greg will probably be out for a few hours. What would you like to do?"
“Mm don’t mind if I do.” Margaret smirks and strips, moving into position over Sherlock’s face.
He kisses and sucks on his neck.
He blushes brighter.
Sky moans and arches with need, her nipples gushing as he pinches them.
"I've got you. It's okay." James holds him close and rubs his back. "You did good. You did so good." Sky smiles though the pain and holds his hand tight, trembling.
“Such a good boy..” He mumbles, leaning in to kiss his neck.
"Oh! There you two are. I was wondering where you went. The house isn't that big for such a long tour." Mrs. Brix smiles as she comes into the room.
Percy help clean up before he and Sherlock went upstairs to get Percy into bed. John found a book, and together the three of them curled up on Percy's bed while John read to him, then they kissed their son goodnight and headed back downstairs.
He giggles and kisses him. 'He has a thing for gingers. The whole time he looked at you he was wondering if the carpet matched the drapes. He really really wanted to find out.'
He nuzzles him back and smiles.
Greg rolls off them and collapses into the bed so he doesn't crush them. John breathes hard and nuzzles Mycroft's neck. "So... Amazing.." He mumbles and pants.
He moans and whimpers, submitting even further.
**I think it will be fine. Michael and Jake are getting married, after all. --MH**
“It does.” Margaret frowns and goes to the wall with all the charts. She opens the file and comes back over. “They must have sent me a mislabeled seamen sample. The father must have been a Clydesdale. Well we got the better end of the deal. Clydesdale seamen is very expensive.”
“Yup.” John chuckles and nods. “Ya know she is giving a talk tomorrow afternoon..”
"God, you're perfect. Absolutely perfect." She moans, ridding him harder.
Sherlock mutters softly, hiding his face. "Five more minutes.."
"Fuck you're so hot.."
"I... I crave everything. Being touched and kisses and filled." She blushes brightly.
He kisses him back deeply.
"You feel so perfect." She whimpers, rocking.
"You've seen their cocks. Tell me you don't want them too." Violet purrs, slick spreading down her thighs.
“Mm it’s been so long since I’ve had your cock, John.” He moans as he rocks his hips.
“How many do you want to take?”
He nods a bit.
“You don’t want it like this, do you? You want to control the pace, don’t you?” She rocks with him, knowing that when he fucks her he likes to be the one actually fucking.
"Mm?" He smirks, stroking him over his trousers.
She blushes and kisses her back softly. "You're so brilliant.."
She smiles softly as everyone gets their drinks except for her, Chloe, and Carol who just have water.
He relaxes some and nuzzles him back. “It’s alright. We get a second chance now.” He smirks a bit and rocks his hips some, still locked inside Sky with Dark.
He rubs her arse gently. “Such a good girl..”
“Yes, sir. Please.”
"Dr. John Hamish Watson. Ex captain of the fifth Northumberland fusiliers. Divorced once. Currently engaged to William Sherlock Scott Holmes but also fucking his brother, his brother's fiancé, and his brother's fiancé's brother in law. You can't keep it in your pants can you, fag?" He snarls.
"Collin, take your fingers out and push into Sherlock. Fuck him slow and deep as you try to fuck yourself in Mycroft's fingers." Carol hums.
He blushes brighter and takes a drink.
John finishes his tea and kisses his neck softly.
Sherlock sighs blowing the smoke out his nose. "What are we going to do, Mycroft?"
“Cleo something?” Pythia tries to remember. “It was just dancing at first. Then she joined you. Then you stripped each other.” She giggles.
She nuzzles him back and sighs contently.
“Hello.” Jean and Benny smirk as they see James crawling.
She giggles.
"Wow." Zack looks Michael over. "It looks great. You look brilliant." He smiles.
John thinks. “Together. If we’re going to be bonded and married we’ll do it together.”
“Like that?” Joe grins and fucks him faster, rubbing his prostate each go.
He rubs her back softly. "You're so brilliant.."
“Your room, you have all the best toys.” John chuckles, picking Morna up and pressing her to a wall.
fopdoodle= fool
He thrusts his fingers teasingly slow.
She whimpers and trembles.
Sky mewls as she sees them.
She moans and works her tongue faster fucking him harder with it.
Sherlock blushes and presses against Edgar.
Camille blinks, not understand. “If you say so. I need you to collect Greg. But first, get Mycroft to bring Crystal to me, either conscious or unconscious.” She states.
"I can't see myself living without you."
Michael smiles. “Hey, where’d everyone go?”
She hums and smiles. "Mm, well, we can try to play truth or dare. I think we're still okay enough to play."
Mycroft smirks slightly at Greg's reaction. "Is Sherlock alright?"
He smirks and nips at his lip. "All four of us, at once?"
John goes back to his own chair but scoots it closer to Sherlock’s before going back to eating.
They sleep with him.
"You did that just for him, didn't you?" He asked.
He smiles and rubs his back
"Of course." Benny smiles.
"T-this morning?" He whimpers unable to think properly because Mycroft is slowing his mind.
“You’re welcome.” He hums happily and kisses him back.
He rocks against him, his cock straining against the cage.
John falls asleep to the sounds of Sherlock getting into bed over the baby monitor.
"Why didn't you ever call me?"
He cards his fingers through his hair and pets his head.
She pulls his hair as she kisses him and slips her hand into his pants, rubbing his clit.
John smiles softly and nods.
He kisses him deeply and rocks into him slowly.
Lydia giggles and cuddles into John’s chest. “You’ve always been nice and cuddly. When you were young, you wouldn’t fall asleep until I laid with you.”
“Okay.” He smiles softly and nods, grabbing the lube.
She takes them into her head and they're curled up in bed together there as well.
“Yeah?” He smirks.
Sherlock opens the door to the pet store and follows John inside.
He kisses him back gently.
Zack smiles. "Thank you, sir."
He blushes and nuzzles against him.
“Tonight.” Leona smiles and nods.
Sherlock nods and goes to the door, his hand resting on the handle and the other holding the pamphlets. “Thank you, John.” He says softly and then he’s gone. Against his better judgement he makes another appointment before leaving.
“I don’t want to use him though.” John frowns. “Sherlock?” He asks softly, wanting to know his opinion.
“Yours.” Sherlock holds him close.
He bites his lip, trying to get himself used to showing people his scars. “Sure.”
Sherlock sniffles and goes to find Greg.
"Mm yes I heard." He hums and massages his feet.
He smiles shyly and nuzzles him.
Sherlock growls as he whips the corpse mercilessly, matching the speed, strength, and intensity as much as he could from the body at the crime scene. He looks up when the door opens, seeing Molly giving him that mousy wide-eyed stare.
He groans and thrusts harder into her. “Mycroft and Greg better get back soon.”
He moans loudly and thrusts into her as he comes hard into her.
She smirks and pulls out of Michael, makes another of herself. The second Sky gets on her hands and knees, looking back at him.
"Am I okay having caffeine? Christ, I can't remember..."
“Such a needy slut.” He groans and picks up the phone, giving Mycroft a close up of him fucking Sherlock’s pussy.
“Good boy.” She smirks and starts to ride him as she fucks him.
"Always." Carol giggles, hand rubbing her belly absentmindedly.
Carol comes back and scoops up Danny. "Hug your fiancé for god sakes." She smiles and takes Danny out to the dinning room patting his back to burp him.
He smiles and leans in to kiss her.
Sherlock yelps and lurches forward against the couch. "T-That! Again!"
She hums happily and nuzzles him.
"Mmm... baby's using my bladder as a trampoline." Molly mumbles. She closes the door to the ensuite and relieves herself with a sigh.
“She cursed you?” Greg asks. “Is it breakable?”
“Good.” He smirks and starts to thrust into him.
“Mm. Seems like you want to be a good boy too, hm?”
"Alright... But we're going to talk after. Right? I'm... Fuck that one hurts...." John winces and grabs Sherlock's knee, squeezing hard. "Sherlock... Scent my stomach. Please?"
He smirks and pulls him close, kissing his jaw.
"I've got drinks in the fridge and we can watch a movie on the couch."
"Toast. Eggs and bacon if you want them as well."
‘Good boy. Take Mummy’s cunt..’ Sky purrs in his head as her body sleeps. ‘You’re lucky mummy never wears panties so you can have her cunt whenever you like.’
He hums and holds Mycroft.
He mewls softly. “Please, Daddy. Wanna keep all the cum inside me.”
Sherlock nods and goes to the kitchen, opening a fresh bottle and pouring some for John. “Here.” He passes the wine to John. “Is there anything else I can do or get you? Or I could leave you alone?” He asks, never having had to take care of someone in heat before.
“Do you want to drive or sit with Watson in the back?” Sherlock asks John.
“I don’t feel hungry.” She whispers, pushing her almost full plate away. “Pythia, I... I don’t think I’ll last the week.” Diōnē says, fighting back tears.
Crystal smiles and pulls Mycroft in for a kiss. “I used to sleep on dirt. I’m used to being uncomfortable.”
Mycroft smiles softly, clinking his glass.
Mycroft takes a deep breath and nods as they exit the flat, taking Greg's hand for support as they enter the room. "Sherlock, I've got a few people for you."
He blushes and licks his lips. "Yes, Daddy. I'd love having you both in my arse."
Selene falls asleep quickly, snuffling against Anthea.
“So gorgeous. You make me so hard, baby.” Greg rocks his fingers.
Cecil snarls as he comes hard into Sherlock, spilling his load so deep into him.
John smiles and hands Sherlock a new cup of tea.
He gasps and moans loudly as the pressure increases.
He puts an arm around her shoulders. "You need to let loose sometimes.."
Sherlock smiles and kisses Morna before pulling a chair over in front of her, and sits down. He shuffles in as close as possible, his legs around his and his stomach nudging against her knees. “Are you hungry?” He asks.
“Ass... assin...” Sherlock mumbles.
He nods and does as he’s told, setting up the call before going to get someone. He soon comes back with Eli.
Chloe kisses his head and runs her nails gently over his back.
"Good." He miles and kisses him.
She mewls and opens her mouth.
He smiles and kisses him.
She blushes. “I.. I don’t know.. I’ve never been with a woman before.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He pulls him close and kisses him.
“We’re going to figure out a way she can get in contact with Lucifer.” Mycroft whispers.
John whimpers softly and nods, pressing himself against him. "Please.."
“Thank you sire, I’ll look around his bedroom, to see if he has anything pertaining to hunting us.” He says as he stands. Placing the glass on the side, Sherlock heads to the door and bows before leaving the room, making sure to close the door behind him.
Mycroft smiles softly. "Go see her."
He blushes and smiles happily.
She mewls and tips her head back, letting his fingers slip from her lips.
She smiles and kisses her softly. She trails her hand gently down her body making her skin have goose bumps. She rubs over her clit gently with her finger tips.
Greg hums happily and kisses his head.
He blushes. “Ah.. Yeah, I should probably change. I’ve got a set of clothes in my locker here actually.”
"Look at you.. Getting fucked between two Daddies.."
"I don't want it to be in public either." He smiles softly.
“With pleasure.” John smirks and comes over with Greg.
He whimpers, his cock throbbing. “Always need more, sir. I’m a desperate slut.”
Sherlock moans, letting Dorro manhandle his body, he knows that if John doesn’t like something he will stop them. His cock hardens quickly, pushing against his stomach.
"Your knees are looking great Donovan." Greg says over his shoulder.
He chuckles and nuzzles him.
Mycroft hums. "It does."
"No, we should all talk." John sighs and pulls away as Harry scrambles out of Sherlock's chair and stands a ways away, doing her best to look small and nonthreatening in another Alpha's domain.
“I did wonder why I had to go for a full blood panel when it’s usually just pissing in a cup.” Greg chuckles, rubbing Mycroft’s thighs. “It’s up to you if you want me to put a condom on you or not before I put your cock in my mouth.”
“Why is she so sleep all the time? We used to play lots more and she never got sleepy.” She pouts, missing her big sister.
“Think you can hold off on coming while I stretch you?”
She shows Sherlock Greg and John's date night. The dinner, the carnival, and how they met her.
“They’re coming right now.”
"She's going to be alright, but right now we need to make sure you're alright."
He smiles and kisses her.
“Oh yeah. I want you to come back to me overstimulated, pumped full of girl cum, and ready to be knocked up some more.” Greg smirks, coming back with a large dildo. “This should rub against your cervix and soften it up so your womb will just suck up every drop of cum.” He rubs the head against her slick swollen clit teasingly.
"I'm pretty useless..." Sherlock said quietly.
"Mm on your hands and knees."
"I love you, too.."
"Yes," John agreed, "your papa will know right away if she's good or bad and if she's bad, we won't leave you two with her."
“I just want to be a good girl. A good little breeding whore.”
He smiles softly.
"Mm usually the people with the most power aren't. How you manage to get them all into one room without them killing each other is beyond me."
Mycroft is nuzzled into Greg's chest, held securely under his arm.
“Perfect little greedy cockslut for us.” Steve smirks, wrapping his big hand around his cock and stroking him. “So perfect.” Cecil smirks and starts to stretch him.
George smiles and picks Danny up, setting him on his shoulders again.
John is quiet, pinching himself. This isn't a dream. Entering his bedroom, he closes the door behind Sherlock and breathes deeply.
He switches nipples and rubs her clit as he thrusts into her.
“I’m sure. If it will make you both happy I’m sure.” Crystal smiles softly and nods.
She smiles happily and nuzzles him.
"When my mind thinks I'm in life threatening danger it going into like.. Protection mode. My consciousness is pushed aside and the protection part takes over and gets rid of the threat. Sometimes using any means necessary.."
He blushes and mewls. “I like Sherlock’s idea, Daddy. Can we do it?”
He blushes and nods. "Yes, Sir. Still not full enough."
"Really? God, don't remember." John looks at his flatmate, as he tries to put it into words, his brain muffled. "Fast." he says, finally.
He frowns and nods. "I know.. I was a bit out of it, but I know.."
He starts to pound into her, fingers digging into her hips. “God, your cunt just keeps pulling my cock in deeper. Can’t get enough of it.”
He smiles softly and kisses his head.
He blushes and smiles happily as they walk in together. He smiles when he sees Sherlock.
John and Morna have a good time...
Sherlock smiles and hums. “Love you, John.” He says softly.
He hums and shrugs. “I could ask you the same thing about what you see in me.”
Zack bites his lip, knowing he would finally have to tell her.
Greg nuzzles him and hums softly.
“Passes will help us crack down on vampires who feed from humans without permission. Fails means I don’t have to argue with him.” Camille shrugs.
John hums happily, liking showing off his alpha.
Sherlock holds him close.
“Mm it’s like the usual but a bit extra.” Margaret smiles and nuzzles Leona.
John gasps and comes as Sherlock tenses around him. "Oh fuck.. Oh fuck, Sherlock!"
Greg grips the desk. He's panting and whimpering little moans. "Yess."
“I know.” John smiles softly.
“Thank you, Sir. For now I think I’ll set his car on fire and let the air out of all the guests' tires.” Richardson grins, he was good at murder but even better at ruining people’s existences. “Give Anthea my best.”
"Thanks." She smiles softly takes a small nibble.
“How’s it going?” Greg smiles as he looks up from his paper.
He frowns a bit. "I'm alright. Go back to sleep, love."
They cuddle him in bed.
He bites his lip. "I.. Sky.."
"Mm good." Collin hums. "What's he up to?"
“I like it.” Crystal shrugs. “It’s still kind of warm. Your abilities are.. strange.”
He gasps and moans loudly, coming hard as the plug fills him.
He blushes and tips his head back.
He moans and kisses him back needy, straddling his thigh and grinding down against it.
Unable to keep a straight face he bursts out laughing. "This one time, I'd gotten ahold of a bottle of vinegar. One of those giant gallon bottles restaurants get. My friend Winston and I made the biggest paper mache volcano we could manage, and about three boxes of baking soda. We mixed in a god-awful amount of orange food colouring with the vinegar. It was raining out, so we set the thing off on my mum's white carpet. I couldn't sit down for a week."
Sherlock blushes and leans against him, hard just from watching them. “He is..”
“It’s the first time we’ve been in a can together with me being this hungry.” Sherlock whispers.
‘I’m sure. He has that look on his face like he’s thinking of doing something stupid. Probably thinking of going after Greg’s attacker. You need to talk him down so he sees reason.’ Crystal sighs.
Sherlock wraps his arm around John’s waist and holds him close. He kisses John’s cheek softly.
"Good man!" Greg smiles. "Your first day is tomorrow."
“I didn’t drink that much even..” he frowns. “Sherlock and Pete drank til they were drunk. Not me and Mycroft.”
"Okay." She says out loud as she takes her hand away from his cheek but her other hand is still on his chest under his in the real world.
Harry sneaks off...
"Mm.. morning.."
Sherlock followed John, biting his lip. "Sorry."
"Yes." He smiles and nuzzles him.
She fucks him harder aiming for his prostate and strokes his cock. "Let go. Come."
They go and get ready. Chloe hums and smiles happily.
He loves this, the feeling of being used and owned by the ones he loves.
Mycroft gasps and melts between.
Sky moans, pushing back to take him deeper. Darius slowly sinks into her cunt, a groan and growl escaping him at the same time.
Sherlock relaxes with him.
Mycroft smiles softly as Nova wiggles in his arms.
He holds him close, breathing hard.
John feels his forehead. "Do you want something to settle your stomach, as well as your pain killers?"
He smirks and pushes into her. “Good girl.”
He bites his lip.
John holds Sherlock's hips still so he can't fuck himself on John's cock. John leans forward and bites Sherlock's neck at the same time he thrusts into him.
Michael hums and wraps his arms around her.
Mycroft whimpers softly, a bit scared to see him.
She moans and kisses him back hard. "Tell me what you like best about my changes so far? Tell me what you're looking forward to?" She mumbles against his lips, knowing he gets possessive when he talks about her body and she loves it.
Greg cries out and fills him.
He smirks and hums. “Mm. He’ll be so irresistible.”
"It's silly, because it's only going to be until Wednesday.."
“And you call me posh.” Sherlock chuckles, teasing.
“I.. what?” He blinks, trying to process what she was saying.
“I don’t want to believe in you. You’ve done nothing but torment me and the ones I love since your arrival!” John crumples the paper.
"Fuck, darling. Tell me this is really happening." John tugs at his curls.
He nuzzles his ear. "I'd love to bend you over the counter and take you here.. Mess up Sherlock's experiments as you try to claw at the table for support."
"C-Christ.."
"I don't know, John! I don't know what to do what one of my old friends decides to start stalking me! What would you have like me to have said?" Greg snaps stressed out and feels instantly horrible as soon as the words leave his mouth.
‘Would it make you uncomfortable if I left the illusion off?’
"Please, Daddy, please! I need it!" Greg grips John's arse cheeks and pulls him in deep harder.
He smiles and scoops her up, carrying her into the estate.
He smile softly and nuzzles him.
She takes his hand and they go downstairs, headed toward the kitchen where voices are emanating from.
“Mm, since you asked nicely.” He hums, his cock throbbing already.
"Ah." He steps forward to touch her back gently, "I know you're scared you won't see Sherlock again because we haven't been back to Baker Street in months but I promise that won't happen again. Your papa and I talked about it and we worked out a way for you to see him every week."
He kisses his head and wraps a blanket around them. “Sleep, love..”
"Almost." He mutters with a light laugh. "Christ, John..." And he follows him down stairs.
Sherlock smiles and nuzzles into him.
"Mm you have such a perfect arse. So plump and juicy. I could eat you up." He mumbles as he bites at his arse lightly.
He hums happily and kisses him back.
She bites back moan and arches, cunt throbbing around his cock.
"Duncan has always had good taste." He smirks.
“Tell me what you want, My. All the dirty little details.” Greg says in his deep sex voice as he bites Mycroft’s ear.
She smiles and leads her upstairs.
“Need more cocks, baby?”
“That’s it?” Sally smirks.
She smiles. “Yeah, that sounds good.”
Magdala hums and looks over to Greg, who slowly starts to stir. “Jo-n? J-” he coughs, but doesn’t bring up any blood.
He relaxes against him, closing his eyes.
She blushes and purrs happily.
Cecil smirks and quickly prepares Carol’s arse before pushing into her, adding more pressure against John and George’s cocks in her cunt. Carol’s mouth hangs open as she her holes are stretched and used.
When they fell onto the bed, embracing, and naked, Sherlock whispered to John, “Please make love to me again.” The skin around Sherlock’s eyes was red from holding back tears.
“I’m not laughing!” Smith said, his hands still raised.
“What?”
So the thing with the conversation Sherlock had with the girl on the plane is, that I left Sherlock’s side of the dialogue virtually intact, because that was what John could hear, so that’s the same in both versions. What the girl replied in this version (‘reality’), however, is different from TFP, because that version is what John imagined she *might* have said during his dream. :)
Sherlock suddenly seemed an entirely different person, the way he was lying there, taking in the black dildo: unafraid to show himself, to be vulnerable. At the same time, there was something coy and almost girlish about him that made John want to devour him on the spot.
“Followers on Twitter?”
She had a similar height as Faith and thus Eurus, but a sturdier build.
“Oh. No,
For a short moment, one could have heard a pin drop.
Sherlock sat at the table and looked around the room. He spotted two paintings he hadn’t seen before.
Then John noticed a Thank You card sitting on the window sill. “So, did you make any clients happy while you were here – bored to death, undoubtedly, by my side?”
take this seriously. This is more than a hunch. The man is a psychopath. He virtually confessed to us and then pretended it was all just a joke. But it wasn’t.” John paced up and down the interview room. “I swear to God it wasn’t. He’s a lunatic. A
Outside, she could hear her colleague set off in pursuit. Upstairs, Rosie started crying.
John carefully shifted off of Sherlock, lying down on his side, while deliberately remaining pressed close to his lover.
John smiled back, still somewhat incredulous, and remained still as a statue, afraid to break the spell.
It was Mycroft who also suggested involving Lestrade as well. They could only hope he would be willing to look the other way, but
Millennia later.
“So I said, ’Who is supposed to have shot him, then?’” Sherlock recounted, between ginger nuts. “To which Sir Edwin replied, ‘Some over-eager squaddie with an itchy trigger finger, that’s who.’
Sherlock opened and closed his mouth, completely out of his depth.
“I won’t. I promise I won’t. Oh, Sherlock.” John hugged him tighter and rocked them both slowly back and forth. “Sometimes I forget how new all of this is to you.”
“Someone tried to shoot you. I shot them. Well, their hand, anyway.” Hannah’s eyes scanned the room. Strangely, there didn’t seem to be any blood. “Or perhaps I only hit their gun. Which seems to have done the trick, regardless,” she added, only slightly disappointed. She glanced outside once more, at the landscape of rooftops, where the intruder had come from. “I think it was a woman.”
“Take care,” Sherlock said. He swallowed, trying frantically to think if there was anything else he could say. He was sure there was, he just didn’t know what it was.
“No! If the raisins don’t actually kill him, he will still suffer greatly,” he shrieked. “They cause kidney failure! Stop feeding them to him!”
Sherlock noticed the corner of John’s mouth twitch a little.
, left her alone in the bedroom upstairs when she cried. (They hadn’t even discussed this; they just didn’t.) Sherlock easily fell into the habits John had developed with her. There were no quarrels, no misunderstandings, no differences of opinion. There was peace, security and laughter.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson, do come in.” John could definitely use a friendly face and the landlady’s jollity always managed to cheer him up even under the gloomiest of circumstances.
The curse of an honest heart.
“But what on earth
During all these considerations, Sherlock made sure he stayed in character, repeating several times where the shop could be found, what it was called and that they definitely had
Sherlock nodded.
Cheery, even.
He couldn’t help longing for numb emptiness, oblivion. He would be able to buy it only a few street blocks away, he knew.
Jim would have despised her mistake, would have sneered and shouted at her. She could see her brother’s image as clear as day in her mind’s eye, as if he were really there with her, in her cell, looking down at her with anger and disdain.
Every few seconds, Sherlock stopped, sometimes pulling out a little, then pushing back in.
In the middle of the second night at the hospital, Sherlock’s phone rang.
Mycroft realised that a lingering hint of the earlier smile on his face probably prompted Anthea’s question. “I’m not entirely sure,” he said, not bothering to hide his confused state. After a pause, he added pleasantly, “But I think so, yes. Possibly even more than alright.”
It took two days before Sherlock stopped trying to find the right moment and he just blurted out in the middle of clearing away the dishes after dinner, “Listen, John, I know you want out, right? It’s only logical.”
Later, once the puppy was fast asleep in its still-much-too-large basket and some of the guests had already started leaving, Sherlock noticed John standing by himself in front of the fireplace, absently staring at the picture of Aunt Vivian on the mantelpiece. His lips moved in a barely audible mumble, “Thanks, Aunt Viv.”
“Because you won’t love me when you’ve finished.”
Which he didn’t.
* * * * *
He moaned softly as Sherlock pushed all the way inside him, and gasped when a hand suddenly grabbed his cock.
The sun was still bright in the evening summer sky when they arrived at a house that was painted dark red and was surrounded by a low stone wall.
Despite her – once again – very different appearance, Sherlock recognised Eurus the second she stepped into the room.
be separated again. Never. These feelings that John evoked in him, of being safe and cherished, had become one of the bare essentials of life. How did people
Sherlock raised his mug to his mouth again, embarrassingly aware that the chances of success on this path were small. “What noise?” he asked innocently, mentally kicking himself.
What secrets was that family hiding?
“It’s Irene Adler,” she said.
Sherlock pressed his lips together, contemplating. “Well, in my case I suppose it was fear of rejection,” he said softly, looking at John from the corner of his eye. “Despite all my deduction skills, I could never figure out how you felt about me. Ever since we met, I’ve considered that my greatest flaw.” He paused. “Perhaps I was blinded by fear. Fear of being rejected and then losing you.”
Sherrinford shyly held it up to him, with an obvious question in his eyes.
He’d loved her so much that it still hurt thinking about her.
“Good idea,” John agreed, helping Sherlock put away the last couple of clean plates. “Afterwards, how about we order take-away from that one fancy place to celebrate all the day's unexpectedly good outcomes, hm?”
in this state if it hadn’t been for John…
John decided to quickly buy a newspaper so as not to look suspicious to the woman behind the counter and then stepped outside into the sunshine. He crossed the road and walked to the goldsmith’s workshop at a leisurely pace, stopping in front of the window. The jewellery on display was genuinely quite stunning, so it wasn’t hard to feign interest for a while.
The thought of having breached John’s trust by planting the device at his therapist’s made him feel sick.
“Is that so?” she sneered. “Interesting, how you pretend to underestimate your own role.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “How about Rose, then? How did she die? Nothing to do with you or this pal of yours either, huh?”
“I haven’t seen him. No one’s seen him.” Also true. “He’s locked himself away in his flat. God knows what he’s up to.”
Another part of his frustration stemmed from the fact that John was, above all, a protector. And not having been there to protect Sherlock against this was something he found very hard to deal with. Absurd as it was, he found himself irrationally wanting to travel back in time and prevent it from happening. To knock the son of a bitch to the floor and strangle him with his bare hands, before he’d had a chance to lay a finger on
John blinked. He had no idea what Sherlock was talking about, but that probably didn’t matter. Apparently he helped him think anyway. He was glad he had at least some value of significance to Sherlock in that respect. Christ, he thought; he should really stop feeling like a dog that was happy just for being allowed near the fire. But with Sherlock, you just never really knew when you would be kicked away and John had grown to accept that, had actually accepted it from the minute they met. Although, to be fair, Sherlock was much less dismissive towards John now than he had been in the past... well, before his fall. Something had changed since then, but John had never been able to pinpoint exactly what it was.
Twitching a smile, Smith straightened. “Here it comes.” He reached a finger to the control panel next to the drip stand and pressed a button twice, making it beep noisily. He then reached to another button, pressing it repeatedly, before slowly walking back around the foot of the bed. “So tell me: why are we doing this? To what do I owe the pleasure?”
me. And in spite of that, you
, namely the secret to John’s desire – even if its artificial nature did to an extent feed a nagging worry at the back of his mind. When he came back from the lingerie shop that Sunday just after noon, he immediately sneaked into the bathroom to change into his new set, then put his clothes back on over it. He’d gone for the smallest cup size this time, naturally, seeing as he would have to be able to wear the bra under his normal clothes. He’d chosen a light shade of petrol blue, lace again. John seemed to have liked that. The memory of the look of John’s face the week prior brought a smile to his face, tentatively breaking through the general sadness that had been growing in his heart.
John frowned. “Practising... what?”
Then, from the corner of his eyes, he spotted her bending down to pick up some white pebbles from the neighbours’ driveway and casually throwing them at their dog, one at a time: a small Yorkshire terrier, walking free around the front garden.
When early morning sunlight started to filter through the canopy of a large tree outside John’s window, Sherlock began to hear new sets of footsteps in the corridor. Change of shift, change of gaits.
He could do this. John wanted him to.
Sherlock started stroking him while he thrusted into him from behind as they both lay on their sides – something he’d never been able to do in their usual position. It was Sherlock’s hand-job that brought John to the edge in no time, and when he crashed down, it was with a force like he’d never known before. Coming like this, with a cock up his arse, was by far the most glorious orgasm he’d ever had and he was quite sure that all of Baker Street was now privy to that fact. Not that he cared. He was simply blown away.
It hadn’t ensured they caught Mary (Rosamund) sooner, or in a neater way, but at least none of their cock-ups could be attributed to poor communication or lack of mutual consultation between the two of them.
He heaved a long breath and looked at the work in progress currently standing on the easel. It was the rough outline of a landscape. Sub-Saharan Africa, by the looks of it.
“I think Rose is dead.” His voice sounded small and somewhat surprised.
John nodded as he absently cradled his tea, staring into space. “But you don’t.”
He shouldn’t. He really shouldn’t. This was all going too fast. But John was lying there with his legs spread for
John shook his head. “Eurus?”
now? Sherlock tried to wrap his mind around what that even meant. Among other things, relationships meant sex, of course. And he knew that sex was definitely important to John, who had continually been trying to get a leg over with all sorts of women the whole time they had lived together.
“Her English isn’t entirely flawless, I’m afraid.” Lestrade shrugged. “But still better than my Italian, anyway.”
“Yes,” Sherlock panted. “Please don’t stop.”
How dull.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied in a matter-of-fact tone, still handling beetles. He then frowned. “Well. Err... No. I mean...” His voice trailed off, sounding uncertain.
In spite of his inebriated state (and in spite of the fact that this is all a very,
John realised his mouth was hanging open and quickly closed it. Then, he casually shuffled closer to the building, so he could catch more of what they were saying.
John convinced himself that they were just innocent feelings, irrelevant and inconsequential – despite what his father had implicitly taught him about the sinfulness of not conforming to strict gender roles.
John took hold of the handle and started to turn it, while Smith watched with a grim expression on his face. John pulled the handle off the cane, revealing a small device inside the stick with a little LED light, that was glowing bright red.
He was playing some high-stakes game – that much was clear – without informing John of the purpose or the rules. Sherlock had promised last year never to do that again. And he hadn’t, until now. So the fact that he wasn’t sticking to his promise now, was either because John not knowing was somehow essential to his plan, or – and John shuddered to think of it – Sherlock had lost it to such degree that he did not really have a plan at all.
He slammed his wardrobe door shut with more force than strictly necessary.
John was breathing shallowly, unmistakably nervous now, as he started pulling down Sherlock’s pants as well.
“Did you miss me?”
Feigning panic, Sherlock pointed a hand at Smith. He didn’t mind that his arm was shaking. “Watch him. He’s got a knife.”
still recovering, and not just physically,” Sherlock said. “If the prospect of going back to work fills you with so much dread, then maybe you should consider whether you really want to do that at all.”
Sherlock ended up sprawled on top of John, and then paused.
They knew
“I think we can safely say I found the right dress,” Sherlock cut through his reverie with a smirk. “Now, what shade of eyeshadow would best go with it, you think? We should pop round to Boots in a bit. Oh, and earrings! Yes, definitely earrings. And hairclips, while we’re at it.” He turned around to face John. “We should get some for you too,” he added cheekily as he moved his face ever closer to John’s. “Maybe one with a big flower on it. Now, try on that blue dress, will you? Although I doubt it will give me the same raging boner you’re having right now, I still want to see how it looks on you. Spit spot now.”
While Sherlock let Rosie and the Wondernanny – as John had started to call her in his head – in from the street and showed them up the stairs, John slowly, carefully, got up from his chair to wait for them in the lounge. Before the two sets of footsteps had reached the top of the stairs, he could already hear his daughter’s excited cooing.
Sherlock decided to worry about Eurus later and knelt down next to John – with his back towards the wall so as to keep an eye on the windows and doors.
“Yes.”
After a while, he walked over to the rough, stone wall and started systematically feeling every stone in it at chest height, seemingly checking if it moved if he tried to wiggle it.
Mr Merridew had been wondering whether it might be a good idea to get himself tested for STDs.
“Well, maybe Sherlock told me.”
He was sitting in the front section, facing the aisle, while she was sitting a little more towards the back. Once she’d caught his eye, she smiled at him shyly, then looked away and bit her lower lip.
Sherlock smiled in spite of himself. “Sorry about that.”
Such a nuisance that he didn’t have John at his immediate disposal anymore. John might very well be able to derive something from all this about Bob’s character that Sherlock was missing.
He tried to look around the room he found himself in.
, his mind provided, mockingly.
a first. Let’s hope this is a new phase!” She chuckled.
this, in order to be freed from the groove he had been stuck in for over two decades. And he felt sure that with John, he could.
The room started to fade a bit and the skin in his face was tingling unpleasantly. Sherlock tried to focus on breathing normally, but didn’t even seem to manage this simplest of tasks.
As he processed this information, Sherlock could feel his cheeks redden. So if this was normal, was that not a bad thing, then? When he thought of ‘normal’ people and their ‘normal’ relationships, their love seemed of hardly any importance compared to what he thought he shared with John. Surely he and John were not
John frowned. He still had to get used to the different tone in Sherlock’s voice since they’d kissed. His usual dismissiveness seemed to have been replaced by an unfamiliar insecurity. And it was a strange trait to see in Sherlock.
Once there were plates, forks and knives laid out, Sherlock looked around, slightly bewildered. “Have we got everything?”
She made do with a copious amount of loo paper and, softly cursing, hurried up the stairs to her room for the real thing.
“There were other little things, too,” Hannah added, a little hesitant, as she thought back to her time with the Holmeses. But Sherlock being a close friend, she had been considering talking to him and John about this for a while now, as she deemed it important enough. So she went on, “For instance, I was so proud when Rosie rolled from her back to her front for the first time, but they were completely uninterested, seeing as their favourite gardening programme had been about to start, which in their eyes was clearly more spectacular than that. And when, during my stay with them, I learned that an author my age, who I greatly appreciated, had passed away – which I told them made me very sad – Sherlock’s mother’s only reply was, ‘Well, that’s what people do, isn’t it? Some sooner than others. But even famous people die eventually, Hannah.’ Like she was explaining the world to me, rather than showing any sort of empathy. Not that I was that desperate for any, but her response did sort of stand out to me as rather odd.”
“Oh John...” he groaned breathlessly.
And that meant one simple thing, seeing as how the Consulting Criminal had always liked to get to him through John.
“Oh, god,
And then Sherlock became aware of another – even more momentous – thing. John’s eyes were steady. His posture solid and strong. No signs of dizziness.
Eurus beamed maniacally, apparently excited at his frustration. “Oh Sherlock. We go
. Even though he and John were feeling totally different things now, they were sharing this moment. And because both of them knew exactly what the other one was feeling, it was almost as if they were one being, feeling those two things at the same time. And it was astoundingly easy to be careful and not lose control.
“Five should be enough, I should think,” Sherlock said, before entering.
As he hailed a cab, he phoned John. No answer.
must be ended, please remember where you’re standing, because ... you’re standing exactly where I said you would be two weeks ago.”
“John!” Sherlock said, looking at him in alarm. “Oh God,
Then suddenly there were two arms around him and John’s forehead was pressing against his. “Sherlock,
After the initial alarm of hearing those words had subsided, a relaxation set in that bordered on drowsiness, causing him to belatedly realise that John had gotten up into a half-sitting position and was spreading his kisses out all over Sherlock’s torso.
“Hmm.”
John put down the phone in a daze.
A long, trembling sigh escaping his chest. Soft thunder rumbling in the distance, behind the trees. Yellow sky.
He bared his teeth in a grin, thinking that she’d told him all there was to tell.
Sherlock conceded that Mummy had a point. He and John needed to talk. Quit beating around the bush.
He replied only to say he was on his way to speak to Meredith’s partner while Sherlock was continuing the investigation from home. John ardently hoped he could bring some data back to Sherlock that he could use in that mind palace of his.
, Sherlock. Living with you, being your
“So you think he doesn’t want you anymore, then. Has he
“Did you miss me?”
Sherlock sat up to silence him with a kiss.
“Shall we go there right now?” John asked, timidly excited, as they headed for the main road together. “To choose our rings?”
. Although he’d allowed himself to hope then, he simply didn’t think John felt that way anymore. Not after Sherlock had cocked everything up.
With the very few brain cells that were still functioning, he realised that there was another erogenous zone that he could reach. He slung an arm around John’s bottom and pulled him close, ducking his head between John’s legs. This elicited a surprised grunt, followed by a strained gasp the minute Sherlock lightly bit John’s arse cheeks – after which he continued licking and kissing them, revelling in the feel of soft flesh that gave way so easily under the pressure of his mouth and of the little hairs that tickled his tongue.
with was one crazy consulting detective, if he was completely honest. And what were the odds of
He hurried over to the waiting cab and ordered the driver to get to Oxford train station as fast as was reasonably possible. He might just make the 11:51 to London.
Sherlock smiled dreamily in acknowledgement, swirling his wine in the glass. “Just like that time in the case with that series of violent street robberies,” he said “when he thought he’d caught his suspect and
“I’m so sorry I haven’t popped round sooner,” she said. “I’ve just been crazy busy with my new job.”
Sherlock, the git, responded with, “Really? I correctly anticipated the responses of people I know well to scenarios I devised? Can’t everyone do that?”
It had worked effectively enough.
And then, suddenly, his heart skipped a beat. Towards the bottom of the last pile of papers he was working through, there was a familiar note. It had a sharp crease in the middle and a pinprick at the top.
They took it easy, enjoying the scenery, the fresh air and the food, and hurrying only to the extent that they needed to stop looking every afternoon when it got dark. After that, they just sat in their hotel lobby, often next to a cosy hearth fire, either reading – or in John’s case,
Eventually, he typed, “My wife has died. I still can’t believe it. I still see her everywhere I look. I hear her voice and I talk to her, but she’s no longer there. Words fail to express how much I miss her.”
“God, Sherlock, you’re perfect, just perfect…”John muttered as he collapsed half-beside, half on top of him, one arm over his stomach.
John carefully shifted off of Sherlock, lying down on his side, while deliberately remaining pressed close to his lover.
She didn’t try to argue, which he appreciated.
Sherlock typed out a reply as fast as lightning.
voice.
“I have thought so many times how easy it would have been to manipulate things if I’d had any bad intentions,” she admitted. “If I had wanted to sell secrets, and then cover the tracks. I’ve done it a million times in my head.” She giggled like a bashful schoolgirl.
“Woke you up, did she?”
” John yelled, once more. He dragged Smith across the room.
He just couldn’t do ‘normal’, it seemed, no matter how hard he tried.
And it was the one place John wanted to be anyway: at Sherlock’s side, for better or worse.
“I see. They turned out to be an unreliable band of crooks. How so?”
Who had died in his vicinity?
In spite of the grey skies overhead, John had chosen to walk: one hand on the handle of the pram and a nappy bag over his other shoulder – just in case.
I hope that the additional backstory elements I came up with – as well as Sherlock and John’s added internal thought processes about everything that’s happening – made these scenes more satisfying than the version in the show!
But it was only a ten-second blowjob. John wanted something else. He hastily untied Sherlock’s shoe laces so Sherlock could kick off his bespoke Italian shoes, which he did, and then practically
Layers of useless defensive walls and built-up frustration had been peeled away to leave only this. Their unconditional love.
“Blimey. I see. Has he lived in a special home like that ever since?”
Although, on second thought, how could he really be sure that it wasn’t true that John didn’t want to see him, or let Sherlock help him? Sherlock’s previous ‘help’ had been utterly useless and counterproductive, after all. Disastrous, in fact. He’d meant to help John get Mary convicted, not force him into a situation where he had to
However, since their rather awkward but also elucidating conversation in the kitchen, John had started trying gradually to touch Sherlock more again, for he was clearly upset by John’s lack of attention. Unfortunately, the effect so far was entirely counterproductive. Sherlock continued to act withdrawn and unresponsive, only making John’s attempts more painful.
Sherlock and John tried not to giggle, but failed.
“So there is no one you talk to, confide in?” she asked.
I have to warn you that this chapter is slightly angsty though... but of course all will be well in the end (spoiler, sorry).
By half two, however, John reckoned he had to take matters into his own hands. He slipped up to his old room to make a quick phone call to the tea garden and verify that the reservation still stood and hadn’t been cancelled by Sherlock in the meantime.
* * * * *
“So you’re really worried about him, then?”
She lowered her head.
John felt utterly ridiculous with his cornflower blue dress, his flat lady’s shoes and the huge purple flower in his hair. Sherlock at least looked convincing, with his pretty earrings and high heels. (John had been too afraid to fall flat on his face to even try those.) The git had even shaved his legs. John had settled for leggings, which meant that the heat was killing him already before they’d even got there.
“Oh my goodness! You’re actually...!” She craned her neck a bit to see over the armrest of the sofa – or rather, over the voluminous, crumpled Belstaff thrown on top of it – and confirm that her son was indeed very much naked from the waist down (which, to be fair, had been obscured by his long shirttails covering his bum and the bundle of coat obstructing the view of his legs from where she was standing).
As he put the mugs on the table for them, and handed one to Sherrinford over at the window, he continued to chatter away where he’d left off.
“Never mind. Sorry, I didn’t mean…” He guessed her past profession didn’t really matter. Then something occurred to him. “Of
But his sadness indicated there was something wrong. He couldn’t see him anymore.
Sherlock sighed. “I… had a dream that led us here.”
Sweet Jesus, that felt good.
“Culverton Smith,” John’s therapist stated, in the back room.
I hope it's not too annoying having SO MANY fix-it elements all over this story, but then again, that was the entire purpose of this fic... :)
, he told himself. This woman and Jim’s brother had been at large for
One afternoon, while John was out saving people from the woes of flu, warts and ingrown toenails, Sherlock found himself grumpily spinning a piece of evidence in his palm (a Doctor Who keychain that was found on the greengrocer’s body and which the deceased’s wife had assured Sherlock she’d never seen before) as he tried to remember the last time he and John had had sex. Was it three days ago? Or four? A worried frown became etched into his forehead. They used to do it every day, several times a day even, not two months ago. It seemed they were already stuck in a rut, before spring had even passed. It was a simple calculation to extrapolate when they would reach the point where they would stop doing it altogether. It had been too good to be true, hadn’t it? While he had pushed away the same thought dozens of times over the past weeks, Sherlock now couldn’t ignore it any longer. He squeezed his eyes shut. Was John getting bored with him already? Sherlock let out a slow breath. He’d been a fool, of course, to expect it to go otherwise. But what did it mean? Would John leave him once he would find his boredom to have reached an unacceptable level? Or would they simply stay together, even though John had stopped loving him, and they would become one of those dull, average couples with joyless lives who kept living together only because of a lack of courage to change course?
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said flatly, taking it from her with an elegant swoop. “The idea is to bring it to an expert to have it mended.” He opened the little box to examine its contents, then looked up. “At my expense, of course.”
After a half hour drive through a rather dull and flat landscape, they arrived in a lush, green village.
Nevertheless, he felt a fierce spike of adrenalin not only because of feeling Sherlock’s tongue prodding his mouth with such enthusiasm, but also because of shamelessly defying common decency by outright kissing a man in public.
As John possessively pulled Sherlock close, his mouth now moving to Sherlock’s jawline, Sherlock could sense an internal struggle going on inside John’s mind, although he couldn’t quite put his finger on the nature of it. Being bisexual was probably more complicated in some regards than being gay, he supposed. Especially for John, after recently having been betrayed by two women whom he’d started to trust intimately and whom he’d subsequently come to hate to the core, Sherlock mused. Perhaps Sherlock’s lingerie reminded John of them.
“What do you want?” Sherlock hissed.
--Why? What will happen? Violet
John sighed. “Sherlock, as you know, I’m all for explicit consent in a lot of matters. But I’m telling you, in this case, if you’re not saying ‘no’, I’m going to take it as a ‘yes’.”
“Then come inside me,” Sherlock whispered, their foreheads touching.
After a good while sitting there like that, Sherlock’s tears finally came also. Silently at first, until his crying reached his heart and several proper sobs escaped his chest. As devastated as John felt, he was in a way also awed that Sherlock felt safe enough with John to fall apart in his arms, for what was likely the first time in decades. Strangely, it was possibly the most precious thing that Sherlock had ever given him. And John cherished it like he would a wounded little robin, nurturing it while giving it the space it needed.
“No.” He really didn’t want to talk about Sherlock right now. He knew they would very soon end up in some very Freudian rabbit holes if they did.
They stared out onto the sea for another bit, content. Their guard down.
“Brilliant, absolutely stunning. Magnificent,” John said.
.” He looked at his brother. “You used that to scare me. Now she’s scaring you as well.”
“That you’re really fine with me not actually being a woman.”
They were both grinning like a couple of teenagers when Sherlock stepped towards the edge of the pavement to hail a cab.
“Hello.”
His enthusiasm, however, was quickly dampened by his phone screen staying black when he tried to unlock it.
Finally, finally,
“You love him, don’t you,” she suddenly said. It was not a question.
He looked up to find Sherlock staring at him with a frown etched onto his face. “Alright?” Sherlock asked.
“Oh god,” Sherlock stammered. “Molly, thank you so much for coming here and telling us. I understand that none of this makes sense to you, but you gave us some very important information. Even though the body was not, in fact, Irene Adler’s, I assure you.”
John just stood and looked at him, smiling.
Eurus never knew that Sherlock had been right. Not that she would have cared in the least, of course.
He focused on the noises from the corridor. Footsteps. Trolleys. Nurses talking.
! I haven’t had one in, let me see, well, I’ve lost count really of how long it’s been.” He points a finger at Sherlock. “
Sherlock scooted closer, with a look of increased panic in his eyes, and asked, almost inaudibly, “John, John, are you upset because you didn’t want to hear me say what I just said? Or because…
Sherlock looked out over the water of Trondheim Fjord, one of the biggest of its kind.
This approach would at least save them the trouble of having to
Sherrinford looked on with curiosity when Sherlock opened the first page and took a pencil in his hand.
Outside, dark, stormy autumn clouds gathered overhead, but in here, it was nice and cosy.
“That would in fact explain a lot,” Sherlock said drily.
“Oh!” Sherlock exclaimed.
In the end, Sherlock had not even had the courage to take that step, let alone confess that he was in love with him. In all truth, he’d only just now really confessed that to himself as a fact.
Until early spring, it had mainly been a matter of looking after her and the baby in a very practical manner, which had been doable. But after a few months – which was a much longer time than they’d anticipated they would need until having her arrested– once Mary had started expecting physical intimacy again, he’d had to play along with that as well.
Sherlock sounded very unlike himself. Weak. Pathetic. Like when he was faking a different persona. John had seen this little performance often enough.
Only good memories.
with me, Sherlock? I was still having sex with Mary, because she kept seducing me and I was afraid to say no, to blow my cover. And the sex was good, you know; we never had a problem in
“You’re lying.”
He had experienced the profound feeling of being
When all the chairs were on the tables, ready for the cleaning lady who came to mop the floors in the morning, Angelo switched off the lights with a contented smile. It had been a good day, he decided, heading to the back for his last chore of the day. He took the garbage bags from the kitchen bins and stepped outside into the back alley. He was just about to throw them into the large waste bin, when he spotted two figures almost invisible in the shadows, crowded close behind the neighbour’s pile of barrels, moving together in a subtle but unmistakable rhythm.
He quickly closed the window with the camera feed when Anthea came back into his office with a new dossier under her arm.
“So what are you up to at the moment? Back to work, then?” Janine asked.
Happy to know. So glad.
Only once they stepped outside, John said, “Well, that went differently than expected.”
, it was still a bit of a relief to hear that Sherlock hadn’t committed an equally severe crime in revenge.
“Also,” John added, “maybe we can train her to work with us, you know, trace scents and such. That is, if she wants to. We’ll just have to wait and see about that, of course.”
Sherlock was puzzled. He’d never once seen John bake bread before. Was that something you could just
-- Hey, how are you? J
John jumped into action, crying “Oh my goodness!” while randomly waving his arms about and grabbing his own face, before he stammered, “Should I call an ambulance? I will call an ambulance! You... you stay with him.”
John huffed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I’d rather be sick than bored, you know.” She grinned and winked at him. “And anyway, how would I otherwise ever get rid of the stock of honey I’ve got cluttering up my kitchen cabinets, that I got myself talked into at the Barnet fair last month?”
Just when Sherlock thought this couldn’t get any worse, Sherrinford grabbed a sketchbook from a nearby shelf and doodled a quick drawing in it, which he held up to Sherlock as well, sort of in the direction of the Red Square painting, with the same question in his eyes once more.
Ah, that’s what that big poster and those little figures were from, then. Faintly rang a bell, somewhere at the very back of Sherlock’s mind. He looked around the room carefully, letting his eyes rest on each object individually before moving on to the next. There was nothing specific for which he was looking; it was just a matter of getting a good general impression of this boy, and storing data for future reference. The large number of teddies sitting in a corner of his bed indicated a level of tenderness and playfulness, the pictures of him and his horse just having won a prize showed determination and pride, the Star Wars posters were a sign of imagination.
* * * * *
,” John said, sounding a little exasperated, as he carefully placed the cake in the middle of the coffee table. “The candles were, obviously, meant to form a ‘4’ and a ’0’, but it turns out that by adding a couple extra, you can add almost ninety years!” He turned back to face Sherlock, a weary grin on his face. “That’s what children do, isn’t it? Make you age faster.” He chuckled.
“What, exactly, is your plan?” Sherlock murmured quietly. “In case you’ve momentarily forgotten, I’m not actually in possession of a self-lubricating vagina, and I don’t think either of us is carrying lube,” he added with a playful eye-roll.
Sherlock Holmes had been called back. And with that, the chances of John Watson eventually leaving Rose had at least increased to some extent again, seeing as it would clearly only be a matter of time not only before Rose would pull another stupid stunt, like shooting someone else John cared about, but also before these two idiot consulting detectives would finally realise they were made for one another.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, softly. “I still can’t quite believe it.”
John looked away to the horizon, biting his lip in a smile.
, finally?” she beamed.
The doors opened and Faith walked in.
“It’s that, regrettably, I’ve recently come to the irrevocable conclusion that… er… I’m…”
“Shot me during a session. Mm. We still had ten minutes to go.”
you would be, seeing as, you know…” He gestured with a vague hand movement at John.
for her transcript of the bus stop scene!
“I’m fine,” Sherlock groaned. Never mind that he felt sweat sticking to his body all over and the room spun happily along with every eye-movement he made.
“The woman’s out of control. I asked for a cup of tea!” he roared.
She spotted him just taking the funny flower from behind his ear and raising his eyes to the heavens as the bus pulled away. He hadn’t actually meant to wear it, apparently. Pity.
Sherlock stared.
“You might want to close that window. There is an East Wind coming.”
“No, it’s alright, love.”
Suddenly they both sniffed simultaneously, like old sentimental ladies at a wedding, which led them to burst out in nervous giggles, shaking while they still held one another.
John looked at him with a lopsided grin, pushing his tongue against the inside of his cheek. “Alright. Let’s go. As soon as we’ve finished up this meal.”
But before she’d made any move, Jim and Sherlock had both died.
“I love you too,” Sherlock whispered, smiling back. He took John’s hand and interlocked their fingers.
She had quickly turned away then, calling over her shoulder, “Yeah. Okay, bye!” And she’d hurried off.
He shook the thought away. Correlations like that made no sense.
wanted more than just friendship
So she had.
Sherlock said nothing.
Sherlock’s eyes automatically scanned the surrounding area on the map.
Sherlock squinted.
However, he wasn’t sure what it meant that John had dreamt about him being that spectacularly tone-deaf. Probably a remnant from his earlier self, when they’d first met and Sherlock had only just started becoming properly aware of how his parents’ comportment had shaped his own.
Sherlock cleared his throat, schooling his face into a solemn look. “John, will you go out on a date with me?”
They silently held hands.
“That’s true. I’ve told you, I totally agree. But what you said about his…
“So, how exactly do you know Violet and Bob will be here tonight?” John asked.
before posing as his therapist and shooting him. That she was in fact Jim Moriarty’s sister; how she and her brother had used to hang around Sherlock’s house over twenty years ago; how she’d apparently been sucked into her brother’s obsession with the boy who’d almost solved his murderous crime; how she and Mary (Rosamund) seemed to have been lovers, as Eurus had implied when she’d come round to the ICU to gloat; how she had managed to stay off MI5’s radar by flawlessly changing her apparent gender; and how she was now avenging Jim and Mary’s deaths by means of pretending to be other people. “Which is something she seems to be incredibly good at,” Sherlock concluded.
'Everything is fine. Why are you worried?'
He hums softly and leans against him.
John hums and strokes Sherlock’s hair, hoping to help him relax and let him fall asleep.
"Mmm..." Sherlock smiled, leaning toward the shorter man. "Perhaps." He drew in a breath, licking his lips at the scent of John's soap and aftershave. "What exactly bothers you about people assuming we're a couple, John?" He mused.
“Ohhh.” Morna moans as he breasts leak a bit. “Would you? Would you make me so full I can’t move? Would you fuck your babies into me? Would you make me carry them? Stuff my womb full?”
"Thank you.. I.. Thank you."
His cock hangs heavily between his legs, licking more excitedly as she gets wetter.
Ms. Cheyenne giggles as Eli and Greg argue over who gets to fuck her cunt. She sits on the edge of the counter, her legs spread and waiting for them.
“J-John. John Watson.” Sherlock says as he’s moved out of the way.
The photos you two send me keep me going. I love that you're still mailing me pictures, even though we've switched to digital letters. My side of my tent is strung up with pictures of the two of you. I've got each photo tacked to a string on the wall, so you're right beside me every night. I can reach out and rest my fingertips on Rosie's cute dimples.
'Probably. We need to pack.'
"Good.." He hums and nuzzles him.
He smiles. "Mm.. Then we all should be able to fit."
"Good. Everyone get dressed. Formal attire." George smiles and goes to get ready.
John blinks. “Little lid.. I haven’t seen you in ages.”
He rocks with him and fucks him deep and slow, letting him feel every inch of his cock.
“So..”
“You’re going to have to be in bed rest for a few weeks. Maybe months. Your other organs are damaged and bruised.”
**Yeah that’s true. Good luck!—SH**
John chuckles and kisses his cheek. A man in a suit comes in. "Ma'am, there's a package for you." He looks at Sky who frowns and follows him.
“Im always loving towards you. Even when I’m shouting.” John chuckles, that floaty feeling lingering.
He whines a bit and licks his lips. ‘How was it? How did it feel?’
“I’m glad you think so.” She smiles.
“Something to hold onto. Something that would hold you back.” Greg smiles.
"Yes there are.." He hums and nips at his collarbone.
He blushes as he gets drinks for everyone.
‘Come fetch me from the car, love.’ Sky says softly in Turk’s head.
"Almost." He mumbles and licks his clit teasingly as he adds a third finger, rocking them slowly.
He groans and arches a bit. "If you take it slow, yes. You just gotta be slow and relax."
"Sure." He nuzzles him back.
“Alrighty.” John smiles and adds things to the cart. “Can I help you find anything?” A sales girl smiles cheerily at them.
Sherlock clenched his teeth and followed Greg outside. "He's out of surgery... Why won't they let me see him?!" He looks at Greg, fear in his eyes.
Michael leans against him as they ride in the house.
Eli smiles softly and lathers the soap in his hands, rubbing his hands over Mycroft.
Violet moans as he arches and she rides him. Cecil wraps George's legs around him and continues the slow deep thrusts.
“Is John here?” Sherlock asks as he peers over Harry shoulder to see. “I’ve been told to give something’s to John. He left them as he left his flat in a hurry. Do you mind if I come in?” He asks, hoping Harry would be too hungover to actually thing about letting a stranger into her flat.
Eli kisses him and pushes a finger into him.
He smiles softly, groaning as he sees the bed. “Looks so nice.”
This only makes him blush more. "Eh!"
He crawls between her legs.
“Fuck, Sky..”
He hums happily and smiles.
Sherlock smiles and awkwardly holds him. "I love you too."
They hum happily and cuddles him.
Eli takes him and lays him on his back, kissing him deeply.
She hesitates. "You seem happier now."
"Don't apologise." Mycroft murmurs. "You defended my honour."
He blushes and moans louder, arching.
John squeezes back and chuckles, "a bit of alone time where we're not so alone."
Sherlock woofs, leading John out of the shop.
Carol blushes as they go up to the office, blushing brighter when she sees George waiting. “Daddy.” She whimpers absolute desperate.
*Goodnight, John.-SH* Sherlock sighs and goes back to grading before falling asleep on the couch.
Mycroft smiles and kisses him back. "Mm. I'm the brains and you're the beauty as well as the brawn."
Sherlock nods. “I want to be with you. Always. If you’ll have me.” He blushes.
She hums and smiles softly, his kisses always making her feel better.
He licks his lips as he watches her, his cock twitching. “Good girl. Look at you. So eager for my cock.”
"I want you..." He murmurs darkly. "Whether it's me taking you or you taking me... You're so beautiful, Gregory."
Mycroft frowns and stands. “Are you sure? I don’t want you getting uncomfortable. Once they’re on it takes a moment to take them off.” He says softly.
"I'll unwrap you like the perfect Christmas present tonight." She smiles and pulls him down for a kiss.
Greg looks on confused and dumbfounded as Crystal screams, before guilt washes over him.
“Perfect.” She grins and puts on the strap on, surprised at how heavy it was.
He groans as he looks down to watch her.
She kisses her neck and chest, rubbing the cum over Chloe’s body.
Margaret gets all the food and treats ready for the Halloween festivities.
“Incest? Really? I should’ve figured.” Sally smirks.
John rocks in and out of Sherlock as he leans in, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s belly.
Mycroft hums as he watches them.
George smiles shyly and nods, picking out a pair of black lace open arse panties.
"Then rewrite the contract." Sherlock replied.
John shakes his head. “Then I failed. If that’s my job, then just letting one person die means I failed.” He frowns.
"Mm i think you're right." She purrs and sways her hips. "Get dressed. I have to go get my boys ready."
He blushes and smiles shyly as he sits.
Sherlock nods. “We could fake it. Prosthetics for a bond mark.” He rubs his fingers through John’s hair.
Sherlock smiles and follows her inside.
His eyes widen as he looks around the room.
"I love you."
She cries out and comes hard, her body clenching and spasming around her fingers.
"Chicken masala." His mother smiles. "Hungry?"
“I’ll have the interrogation room prepared for her.” Anthea growls.
"Oh I went for a run." He hums.
The gods haul her to her feet, and watch as her stomach juts out. Some spank her arse and thighs, as some jiggle and poke and play with her enormous belly. “Now you look like the Goddess or Excess.” Mycroft giggles.
He moans loudly as he comes hard down Morgan’s throat.
“Nap.” She rubs her fingers through her hair and kisses his head.
He blushes as he relaxes. “Right.”
Mycroft's voice softens. "Donuts, love. If it gets too much, say donuts."
He gasps and moans as the paddle lands, loving the way it feels.
He smiles happily. “Congratulations.”
He moans around her and closes his eyes, blushing as he hears footsteps coming closer, his blush growing as he hears his mother's voice.
“Not now, Sherlock.” John warns.
They each hug and kiss her.
Sherlock gasps and tries to push back against his fingers. "Please.." He begs.
“Yeah, you did. You’re a right twat when you want to be, you know that?” John tries to joke but his misery is written all over his face. “What am I going to do Sherlock? I can’t go home now. I can’t…”
John hums softly as everyone else cuddles with them.
Greg's hand stills and he blinks. "Really?"
John smiles and takes Sherlock’s hand from across the table.
She kisses his face softly, his cheeks and brow his chin and nose too. She runs her hands over his sides and legs, worshipping his body.
Collin smiles shyly and slips his hand into James’.
John sighs happily and pulls off slowly licking him clean.
Mycroft's breathing eases as the water begins to cool.
He blushes as he adjusts. "T-Tie me up?"
Her eyes light up. “Can he do that?”
"If it doesn't I'll talk to them and set it right."
“That’s a good girl.” John praises. He starts to thrust hard, rock her whole body and Sherlock underneath.
Michael hums. "Before we go out."
John grins as he steps out of Sherlock's arms. He ducks into their bedroom and picks up a neatly wrapped box. Inside is a digital camera for Sherlock's father. "You should go give it to him."
Sherlock's face is nuzzled into John's chest.
He chuckles and tries it.
Sherlock does the same with John and they lead them to the bedroom.
Danny giggles and looks back at Greg over George's shoulder.
Jean blushes a bit as the plug shifts when he sits.
He blushes and groans. 'God yes.. please..'
“Oh, I do remember George talking about him.”
He smiles and nods, following him.
"It'll kick your arse."
“Absolutely not. But instead of doing experiments as often, I’ll cuddle up with you more.” Sherlock says softly and kisses John’s temple. “Did you know that kisses different body parts mean different things?” Sherlock asks softly.
“Well I know.” Mycroft stands. “He may say it was to protect Greg and Mrs. Hudson as well but it was mostly for you. Everything after he met you was for you,” he says quietly and leaves.
Sherlock blushes and moans loudly. "Oh Christ.." He whimpers and holds onto John as he rocks his hips. "Spank me when he comes up, John.."
“What?” Carol blushes brightly. “I can’t. He’s buff and hot and I’m a married mom. A pregnant married mom. Buff hot guys don’t want women like me.”
He follows the nurse back to a room.
He kisses him back, his cock twitching in the cage but unable to get hard.
Sky holds his hips and moves slowly. "You feel so good."
He smirks as he watches.
He smiles softly and looks out the window.
Kia whimpers, her legs shaking.
"Mm.. Your arse is amazing.. Truly amazing.."
The Masters soon arrive, with his wife in tow.
John stomps up the stairs of 221 B. He’s mad since Sherlock texted him every five seconds while he was out on his date. Her name was Jessica. Or Monica? Veronica maybe? Something with an ‘ica' at the end. It didn’t really matter to John. She had a tight hot body and she had been texting him such dirty things for a week ever since he met her at the shops a week ago. He huffs and throws open the door. “This Case better be bloody good. I don’t know why you couldn’t give me any details over the phone. So damn secretive. I told you I had a date. You knew. What is that?” John stops his rant dead in its tracks as he sees Sherlock sitting in his chair with a baby on his lap. Mycroft was sitting across from Sherlock in Sherlock’s chair. “I suppose I’ll take my leave. Good luck brother mine.” Mycroft swans out of the flat. “Sherlock. Why do you have a baby?” John asks dumbfounded.
"You're so beautiful.. So brilliant.." He strokes him slowly as he stretches him.
“Yeah but you had an affair with the maid.” Pythia giggles.
She leans in to kiss her, her belly getting in the way a bit. "You may have to ride me, dear.." She blushes.
Cecil hums happily and eats.
He moans loudly as she thrusts her fingers.
She whines and her pussy gets even wetter, soaking down her thighs. "You're so fucking good to me. You use me so good. No one else can do this to me. Just you. Only you."
"Don't bill the woman in 4"
She nuzzles him and smiles. "We should get up. And cleaned up. Your cum is making my thighs stick together. You filled me up so much."
"Mm I-I don't know. I-I was rather hoping you'd make me scream till I broke glass.." He ruts against him.
He gasps and moans breathily, arching off the bed.
"She'd like me with anyone as long as I gave her children."
John rocks his hips a bit as he listens to her. 'Christ, I always thought you were off limits, but now that I've had you, I don't think I'll be able to help myself. The same with Turk. Christ, I missed him.'
Michael blushes and hums.
He smirks and kisses him before leading him into the bedroom.
He gags hard on Eli’s cock, loving how vulnerable he feels like this.
"I..." Mycroft paused. "What do people usually do in this situation?"
He blushes and hums against him.
“You know that I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t know what I was doing and that I wouldn’t observe everything about you without quite the impressive intellect. You need a flat and I have my eye on the place. Together we should be able to afford it. The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street. Good day.” Sherlock winks and he’s gone.
Sherlock frowns a bit but then he remembers how John was tipsily kissing Greg.
He moans as he's filled.
They pull out of his arse and into his cunt, fucking him deep and hard. “Gonna fill you up.” Cecil groans. “Going to make you so fucking full.” Mycroft growls.
‘They still don’t know. I feel fine. I haven’t had any surges or accidents in days. Is should be okay.’ She rubs her hand over her face.
*Safe. French Airport Security has taken him away. Greg beat him to unconsciousness -MH*
"Brilliant. What are you up to?"
He whimpers and grips Greg's hair tightly. "Can I.. Ah.. Can I fuck your face?"
John raises his eyebrows. "And where do you think you're going?"
Turk knocks on the bathroom door. "Sky?"
"Mm I suppose. She does seem skilled." Mycroft hums, never having done anything sexual with a woman. He blushes a bit embarrassed, knowing Sherlock has more experience with women then he does.
He nods and kisses her head softly. ‘Alright.’ He picks her up, holding her close. “She needs a bit of a break. I’m sure you lot can make your own fun while we’re gone.” He smirks.
Collin nods and starts the intricate rope work.
He blushes and smiles shyly.
She leans back against him. "I don't like this corset top. I like the shape and how it makes me look but... It's very pink and its shows my scars and it makes them look.. Pinker and more prominent.." She bites her lips because she has a hard time talking about her body.
He blushes and rides him harder, his cock leaking between them.
He smiles and nuzzles him back.
Collin nips at his lips lightly as he pulls back just a bit. “You need to relax. Meet me in the loo.” He flashes a smirk before excusing himself from the table, heading for the loo.
He gasps and arches, mewling.
"Mm hi." She smiles and sits in his lap on the couch.
He hums and nuzzles him.
He stays very still as he listens. "I swear to god George I won't be able to take it if you're lying to me." He voice shakes and he tries his best not to let's George see him tremble.
He smiles and makes them tea.
Camille nods and waves her hand for John to leave. Once the door is shut Camille turns to Sherlock, “Do you want him to be turned?” She asks softly.
“Oh let’s see..” Joann thinks. “I think you were around six years old. Harry, we could tell right away because of anatomy. But we weren’t sure about you. It was summertime, I was making lemonade while you and Harry played in the sprinkler in the grass. I was bringing you a glass and you gagged. You couldn’t take the smell of lemons. I knew right then that no beta or alpha would have been that sensitive to smells.” She hums as she puts the dish in the oven.
“Yup exactly.” Sam smiles and nods.
Mycroft cries out into the kiss as Sherlock wraps his lips around him. He tries to not buck his hips.
“You just watch your potty mouth or else your pups first word will be fuck or cunt or something of the like.” Hank chuckles.
He nods. "Yes, that sounds better."
Margaret whines, pulling at the cuffs.
He whimpers and moans louder with each thrust. "Want.. need to.. need to touch you.. please.."
John wraps one arm around Sherlock and the other around Greg.
He chuckles darkly, thrusting into her again. "You want strangers to fuck you?"
"Yeah. Just nervous." Turk hums, eyes never leaving Sky. "Magnificent, isn't she?" Nico grins as Sky kicks off the ice and spins in the air before landing perfectly, going on with her old routine. "Mmhmm.." Turk hums as he grips the wall tight and watches her like a hawk. "Why nervous?" Nico asks. "She's pregnant." Turk hums and Nico's eyes go comically wide.
She slides her tongue along his as she holds his hands and guides the up her body. She moans softly as he touches her breasts.
Sherlock nods. “I may get John to speak to him.” He thinks.
He nods. “That’s what I was thinking.”
"What do you suggest?" He grins a bit.
There’s a knock at the door. “It’s me,” Mycroft says.
Mr. Brix comes out from the foyer and smiles brightly. "Chloe!"
“Where shall we go from here?” Samuel ask as they get inside.
He pulls back slowly and licks up his cum.
"Now who's throwing who over." John says with a shake of his head, "really with our schedule the only times that work this week would be friday."
He relaxes, letting him fuck his face.
He whimpers and spreads his legs for him.
Greg blushes and does as he’s told.
And you won't use my mind but
He giggles happily, holding onto him.
"Never have I ever been caught having sex." Turk chuckles.
The SUV slowed to a stop outside the departure terminal and the driver quickly retrieved their suitcases and garment bags. Mycroft let's Greg out first and exits the vehicle. He thanked the driver and held the handle of his case, looking at Greg, smiling softly. "After you." He murmured.
Crystal thinks about it for a moment. “Happy.” She finally says.
Sherlock follows closely behind him.
"I must admit, I'm terribly curious as to what it is you've been writing." he confessed, pressing an affectionate kiss to her fingers.
Sherlock made his way through the crowd and held Jane’s hands in his own, bringing one to his lips. Slowly applause started to break out through the room, started by Mrs. Hudson, Moriarty, Molly, and Greg. The clapping was contagious, as were the smiles on Jane and Sherlock’s lips. Ms. Adler seemed like she was trying her best not to erupt like an active volcano. It was quite possibly the first time a man had turned her down and she didn’t seem to be taking it well.
Mike smiled when he saw John, but almost immediately expression was soured as he saw the little girl following him.
He had to swallow down the terrifying thought that she might still do worse to him and that she was simply waiting until after the duel to possibly repeat her show of strength in the forest. Had that action not also been a form of revenge for all of the stupid narrow minded things he had said to her?
It was several wonderful hours of swinging wooden swords. Occasionally, Lestrade would stop the drills to go and check on the princess, but other than that, it was perfect. John and Mike would use the break to talk about their new guest and they had both come to the conclusion that they didn't like her. Mike had said that she acted like an animated corpse and John had to agree. She seemed very lifeless.
"You look unwell, Ms. Watson. Are you sure you're not ill?" Molly asked, her hand reaching for Jane's face in a motherly sort of way as she felt for his temperature. "Perhaps it was the shock of your travels?"
If there was one thing that Jane had not been expecting to see at her doorstep the next day at five in the morning, it was Sherlock Holmes. She blinked a couple times, holding her dressing gown to her frame as she rubbed the sleep from her eyes.
Finally all of the extend Holmes had gone to bed in their guest rooms and Jane was picking up dishes with Mrs. Hudson. The housekeeper only allowed it because Jane gave her the excuse 'It's Christmas.' Sherlock was leaning against the wall in the dining room, eyes following Jane keenly.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Prince John." Sherlock said almost mechanically, dipping down into a stiff curtsy. John held back a sigh as he knew he absolutely had to return social graces now.
The estate looked the same and it made her heart swell with hope. Slowly, she raised her hand and knocked on the door. It was a moment before she heard a familiar voice: Mrs. Hudson.
"You can't hold off an explanation forever, you know?"
"Not really. Just curiosity, mostly. You didn't even stop when Clara asked."
"What do you mean?" he questioned with narrowed eyes. He could tell there was something that his mother wasn't telling him. She paused a moment, looking over him as if considering something.
Jane waited down in the foyer, processing the scene she had accidentally happened upon. Jim came down after about twenty minutes in fresh clothes with a bashful look on his face.
"Don't go telling anyone. I've put a lot of effort into my grumpy and foreboding old man aesthetic." he joked and they both chuckled.
"What is it, Sherlock?" Moriarty asked coolly.
"My beautiful daughter-in-law! Merry Christmas, dear." She exclaimed with a bright grin.
“That’s the 'Get Out of Jail Free' card, right?” John retorted with a smirk. “To ensure that angry mobs don’t come pounding on your door, accusing you of lying to them?”
“You can give her one yourself, Murray!” John growled, finally succeeding in pulling the belt from his trousers. He wrapped it around Bill’s thigh and pulled it as tight as he could, ignoring the howl of pain that Bill let out when the tourniquet displaced more of his shattered femur. He fastened it and looked at Bill with a reassuring smile. “Now, I don’t expect you to walk, so I’m gonna carry you, alright?”
"From now on, should I prove to be too frugal with my compliments towards you, let me know. I'd rather be made aware of how foolish I'm being rather than continue to be an ignorant fool." Sherlock moved his hips and it caused them both to let out quiet moans. Slowly but surely, he worked himself into a normal pace, encouraged more when Jane's fingers found their way into his thick curls.
"My parents are liberal with second chances among family members..."
"Just an observation that not everything you see is as it seems." he said grimly, pinching his hand in a last ditch effort to wake from a Sherlock-less nightmare.
"Indeed. Let's get you back into your husband's arms."
"Mrs. Holmes." he greeted, straightening out his jacket and giving a slight bow in greeting. Jane simply nodded her head stiffly. "I hardly expected to see you in London. I haven't seen you about Baskerville so I assumed your husband had you locked up in Bakerfield Park to have you all for himself."
"Hello." Jane greeted nervously. That's what she was afraid of; letting Virginia down. "Who is this?"
"So that's what you mean by committed?" Jane questioned and Moriarty blushed brightly. "He looked sort of familiar..."
"Oh, John..." Amanda sighed, shaking her head. She brushed his hair out of his face with her fingers. "That wasn't very kind to do."
Gregory Lestrade had become a frequent visitor since January though Jane rarely saw anything of him, and she was fairly certain that Sherlock saw him even less. His true design in visiting their home was Molly and it was easy to tell. They'd only converse for ten to fifteen minutes at a time but Molly would always come away from her conversations with Lestrade in a good mood.
"Mostly?"
“And you’ve experienced all of these?” Sherlock’s cheeks had been brushed with a light pink and Jane realized with her own blush that Sherlock was looking at her well-covered chest. She nodded and as if they had both been touched by fire, they looked away from one another awkwardly.
She knew where Moriarty would most likely be: his study. She made her way there, saw the door was open and realized that walking into that room without announcing herself was a bad idea far too late.
"Whatever it is you're writing, it seems you've finished." he mused and she chuckled in response.
With that, he was gone, once again leaving Jane alone. She spent the day reading but it only reminded her of when she used to read with Sherlock. It was a week since Moriarty had visited her when she finally heard a knock on her door and found Jim outside, looking rather pleased with himself.
"I do appreciate you, Harry." he murmured, looking up at the ceiling.
Jane giggled and after a moment or so, Sherlock joined in.
The stay coming off didn’t actually help John feel like he could breathe any better despite the fact that there was nothing impeding that ability now. His breath had been stolen from him from the moment he realized that he wasn’t in his own time anymore.
"I think I've more than proved my medical expertise." Jane said crossly, gently supporting his injured side. "Mr. Lestrade, please support his other side."
"You didn't tell me she was so beautiful!" Jane blushed bright pink, brushing her bangs out of her face shyly.
They spent several hours like that, since there wasn't much care a man with only a couple sprains had to receive, in fact, she found it a bit redundant that she was even there to begin with. After a while, Jane fidgeted slightly.
“Don’t say that!” John snapped, guiding Bill’s already weakening arms to the wound on his leg. “Apply pressure to the wound. I’m going to make a tourniquet and get you to the med tent.” He fumbled with his belt as Bill tried his best to do what John had ordered him to do.
Chapter Warning: Sexual Harassment. If you're easily bothered by it, please skip to the spot past the horizontal line.
"No, no, no! I swear, I'm not. It's just so adorable how much you care!" Jane assured, swatting away his hands as he tried to playfully pinch her sides again.
"Alright. Fine. This Christmas party will be the best your family has ever seen." Jane agreed, rolling her eyes and crossing her arms. Anything was better than sitting around reading another book she'd already read, again.
"If you must know, it once belonged to my mother. It should fit you well, though. You are about the same size as she was." Jim answered gesturing to the guest room and handing her the mountain of satin and lace. "It's yours now since I don't have much need for a dress and I'm fairly certain I will never have a wife. Get in that room. Ms. Morstan is waiting on my orders to help you into this gown."
"Yes, John, sweetie, say hello to your new friend." Amanda said, turning to look at John. This happened to be the very last thing on the planet that John wanted to do. If saying hello confirmed this frightening little girl to be his friend, he would rather not. He swallowed nervously and tried to hide behind his mother's skirts. This was unusual for him. John was usually the perfect prince. Her brow furrowed and she stiffly guided him in front of her, holding him by the shoulders since he looked like he was about to bolt for it.
"Holmes!" Jane cried, throwing a pillow at his head. He accepted the assault completely, feeling he deserved quite a bit more than a pillow in his face. "What were you thinking?"
"I am. Dr. Watson has been with me through every aspect of my sprained ankle. She showed great courage and compassion when she protected me from a pot of boiling water with her own body. And she is by far the most fascinating woman I have ever had the pleasure to meet. She is reliable, honest, and extremely trustworthy. If you would allow her to be a member of our family, I can promise you that she would only be a blessing to our name and reputation."
"Do you want new books?"
"It's a little odd, to be honest, but I think I like it." Jane admitted and Sherlock's shoulders relaxed a bit. He kissed her tenderly, starting to move his fingers in and out of her slowly causing a pleased hum to leave her again.
Upon hearing the news that Jane was with child, Mr. Moriarty’s demeanor became what could only be described as a frolicking puppy. Indeed, the man had enough enthusiasm for both of them. What Moriarty saw as an opportunity to finally help Jane return to her marriage with Sherlock, Jane saw as quite the burden. She didn’t want to force Sherlock into a relationship that he clearly did not want (if the fact that she hadn't seen the man since Moriarty's party was anything to go by), but being with child and without a husband wasn’t going to be anything but cruel to her already poor-standing reputation.
"I suppose the marriage is off then..." Sherlock said, unable to completely mask the disappointment in his eyes at the prospect.
“Excuse me, Ms. Watson, but we've hardly met. I am surprised at your whimsical addressing of my Christian name.” Molly said firmly with a blush as John exposed his newfound chest to her. “Allow me to help you with the stay...”
In desperate need of assurance, he looked down to find that he was once again Jane and the fact caused her to spin around and yelp with glee.
"Flattery?"
Ms. Adler’s smile fell once again and she glared before retreating to talk to some other more welcome guest.
"A handsome face doesn't guarantee an amiable personality. Most people who speak to me, don't find me as appealing afterwards." Sherlock admitted, sighing softly. "Excluding Mr. Lestrade and my family."
"I convinced the man to put the building to its intended purpose instead of letting it collect dust. I figured he realized he owed you that much," he explained, pulling her into a comforting hug. "It's no life with him, but it is a good start."
Once Moriarty had left Jane tentatively made her way upstairs to her bedroom. In a hidden bottom of her nightstand drawer was the satchel she had prepared that contained traces of the life she lived before Sherlock and the Regency era. She took it and slung it over her shoulder with a deep breath.
"This wasn't exactly what I had in mind." Sherlock smirked at his mother's response, moving towards her. He knelt in front of her and held her hands in his own.
"Uh-huh... and how many Christmas parties have you botched?"
"I may have told Moriarty that we were engaged."
"I heard that you were at Mr. Holmes estate earlier this week. You assisted Mrs. Hudson?" Lestrade questioned curiously. Jane nodded.
"Oh, right, yeah. I was wondering if there was anything left to prepare for the party this evening." Jane admitted awkwardly.
He hadn't expected that level of maturity from her, even if she was his older sister. Perhaps it was foolish, but for a moment, he believed she might listen to his request, even if it was strange, and maybe she'd even respect it.
"Wow... You've really thought of everything." Jane paused, raising her eyebrows and looking at him with narrowed eyes. "I have a question for you."
"Where did you learn medicine, may I inquire? I cannot think of a single university that would be interested in educating a woman, never mind excusing your violent tenancies."
"Molly, I'm not sure how to dance like this..." Jane admitted, swallowing thickly. She could feel eyes on her and it made her feel uneasy.
She wasn't sure how she'd survive but she was determined to, though what for, she couldn't begin to guess. She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself.
"It's nearly been one year since I found out about this scar." Sherlock murmured, lips brushing against it with almost every word. He was of course referring to when Jane had jumped in front of a boiling pot of water for him. "I've tried my best to ignore my desire to know its story, but I can't help but be curious how you got it..."
"Well, then let's get this over with. I'm quite looking forward to hearing your answer." Jane felt the need to hurl as he leered at her before turning to stand where the duel was to take place, taking the sword that was offered to him. Sherlock joined him, taking a sword for himself.
"Oh." Moriarty glanced to his right and sighed heavily.
"I don't want to make your trip here for nothing. Could I ask a favor of you?"
"That's... unique?"
"I think that I may be able to talk to a friend of mine and convince her to see if she can find you a job." Molly stated somewhat excitedly. Jane nodded as she took a small hunk of bread for breakfast.
“I… um… Sorry, if I’m invading your solitude… Moriarty’s singing right now and I needed a reprieve from that…” It wasn’t exactly a lie. In truth, she had hardly expected to find Sherlock at all. She certainly wasn’t about to sneak into his room to seek him out.
"What? What do her parents think of this?"
"Mr. Holmes, at the very least, you should call me by my proper surname when we're in public. Everyone else does." Jane murmured, taking the glass and downing half of its contents.
"Not at all, I mean every word, but you can't blame me for enjoying the reaction they give me." Sherlock mused, licking and gently nipping at the skin on her neck as he added a second finger inside her and started thrusting them in and out of her.
"Of course. You may have been gone for two years, but you're still Sherlock's wife. All we need to do is remind him of that." Jane was honestly shocked by the determination in Moriarty's voice. It was hard to believe he was going to be doing this with no ulterior motive, but if Moriarty was right and somewhere inside him Sherlock wanted her back, she was willing to throw at least a little caution to the wind.
"Mr. Holmes, I hope you don't mind me stopping by today- Oh, I wasn't aware that you had company." a woman in a beautiful green dress walked into the parlor, looking between the three of them.
"What are you even doing with a dress like this?" Jane asked, examining the volumes of fabric with intrigue.
"I would very much like to meet her and see if that’s possible." Jane agreed, taking a bite of the bread.
After a few weeks of not having Holmes home at all, finally, he returned without notice in what seemed to be a very good mood. Jane had been reading in the parlor, inclined not to go out since it was November, freezing, and she now had the limp back almost constantly. Sherlock paused when he spotted her as she stood from her chair to greet him.
He took his time getting dressed, familiarizing himself with the unfamiliar fashion that the Regency era boasted. His stay was looser today, most likely from inexperience, but he couldn’t be bothered to complain.
He got dressed, shrugged on his coat and crept his way downstairs and out of the inn as quietly as his limp and cane would allow. Once he was free of the small town at his back and safely hidden behind a thick layer of trees, he relaxed again, mind once more drifting to that voice.
"You know my name?" She asked, questioningly glancing up at him.
"What's the matter?" she asked, cupping his cheek. He leaned into her touch instinctively, pressing gentle kisses to the palm of her hand.
"She has no family to speak of, and no fortune as well." Sherlock admitted, using his most dismissive tone in hope that it would also convince them that the fact that she was an orphan with no money was not important. It wasn’t important to him, why should it be for them?
"You have a great deal of faith in me, Mr. Moriarty." She couldn't say that she was terribly excited at the prospect of facing off against a furious Sherlock, but if he did end up showing, she knew Moriarty wasn't going to give her much of a choice.
"Hello, Mr. Moriarty. I'm very sorry to disturb you from your reading."
He ducked towards her, mouth seeking out her nipples to suck and nibble at. Jane let out moans as he caressed her chest relentlessly, slowly trailing his lips downward. His tongue ravished her, fingers slipping inside her with the intention of making her lose herself in the pleasure. Jane keened and cried out, hips rutting against her will and Sherlock's eager tongue persisted, lapping at her folds until she could take no more attention and she was practically begging him to give her a second.
That was how many of their days together went. They would start off by reading on the balcony, as long as the weather was amiable, and then Jane would guide him to the kitchen so she could still do some housework. Sherlock would ask whatever questions game to his mind and Jane would answer them to the best of her ability, often avoiding questions that had to do with her past before coming here to this time. Every once in a while, Jane would also become curious of the man she was charged with and ask questions about him as well. They seemed an unlikely pair of acquaintances that got along surprisingly well once she got past his rough exterior. The thought occurred to her that maybe she had misjudged him. That being said, in the mornings, Moriarty had taken to joining them on the balcony, obviously bitter about all the time Sherlock was getting with his favorite maid.
"Thank you, I appreciate that. And I still appreciate you fighting for me." Jane murmured, catching his eye. "It's not your fault that Moriarty is a prick that thinks he owns everything."
"I will take your advice, Dr. Watson." Sherlock murmured, carefully shifting to lay down. His eyes closed and it seemed he was already half asleep, but as if remembering the manners he reserved only for her he mumbled, "Thank you."
"There was something but it's... not appropriate under any circumstance... Not at all something I should expect or even ask of you..."
"Is there anything else I should know?"
"No, it's that I see myself as undesirable." Sherlock admitted, kneeling on the ground and giving her hands a little squeeze. Jane's expression softened and she knelt down on the floor too, cupping his cheek and gently forcing him to look her in the eyes. She knew that feeling. She was pretty sure it was something everyone went through at some point in their lives. But she didn't want him to feel unwanted, especially since that wasn't the case.
"I will do it when I can be more sincere towards you with it. Right now, business detains me." Jane glanced towards in the direction that had changed Moriarty's mood. A tall blonde man was leaning against a wall in the corner looking comically out of place in the tea shop with his bright red uniform and broad, muscular shoulders. He had a cup of tea poised in his hands and it looked alarmingly small in his grip. Something about this man unsettled her and she simply nodded.
she thought, feeling a little sick at the intimacy Moriarty was trying to instill. Still, the man paid her salary and knew that he wouldn't take kindly to putting in place boundaries. "Listen, your workload is going to be a little different for the next week until Sherlock goes back to his own estate. He's requested that you be the one charged with his care since he's most familiar with you out of the entirety of my staff."
Dozens of people had vanished over the years, and no one ever returned. It wasn't as if the moors hadn't been thoroughly searched either. There were rangers that had combed every inch of the forests, the fields, and the marshes and while they'd find a possession or two every once in a great while, there were never any hints as to where the items' owners had disappeared to. The authorities, at one point, wondered if perhaps someone was kidnapping people off the moors while they hiked, but there was never enough evidence to conclude foul play. No struggle, no tire tracks, no footprints. Just one unsettling disappearance after another. Besides, few theories could hold up well against the fact that these disappearances had been going on for several centuries.
The ranger continued to talk and ask him questions but John kept his answers to a maximum of seven syllables, not willing to share his experiences with the man. They arrived at the Ranger Office and the man went into the back and gave John some clothes. John went into the small restroom and changed. Staring at his reflection made reality sink in, but the only thing that comforted him was the fact that he had been missing and it wasn't all a dream. The tattered remains of his dress assured that. He stepped out of the bathroom, feeling utterly depressed and out of place. And he was definitely having an identity crisis.
"The what?"
"Are you sure? How are you feeling?" he fussed and she chuckled.
In a quest to end his life,  John Watson leaves London to go to the borders of Scotland and England and is met with an unexpected surprise.
"Oh, no! Of course not. I could never ask that of you." Molly protested, a light blush coming to her cheeks at the question. Embarrassment, John decided. "Actually, I had hoped that you might have an idea as to where Jane could find some work."
"Well, well, well. If it isn't the lovely, Mrs. Holmes." Jane tensed, looking up. It was Moriarty.
He let out a small cry of pleasure and spurted into her mouth. Jane swallowed it eagerly watching Sherlock look all too overwhelmed by the experience, chest heaving lightly.
"Of course, Mrs. Holmes," he said agreeably, sympathy easy to see in his eyes. "You rest. I'll unhitch the horses. I hope you feel well soon."
"Because she's agreed to marry me." He answered calmly.
"I wouldn't go as far as to say that, no." Sherlock muttered, opening his book and returning to the page he'd left off on. There was silence for a few minutes, with the exception of a few page turns and the light breeze rustling the red and gold leaves that were still on the trees.
"Hmm... Revenge." Jane murmured, heading down to the garden so she could watch the duel.
"Are you ready to re-debut in society?" he asked and she nodded.
"Hmm? Oh, um, sorry, Molly, I was just taking in the sights. What is it?"
"I thought you were skilled at reading people. I've seen your ability to do so first hand." Jane mused, combing her fingers through his curls.
"It seems like everything that I used to think was a defining thing for you makes you feel off." Harry mused sadly, biting her lip. "Are you sure you're alright? I thought that therapist would help you."
"Flattery will get you everywhere." she chuckled, glancing out over their garden at their children.
"Bloody hell, you are an idiot."
"What's your plan?"
"Good morning, William." she replied with a smirk. He frowned for a moment before chuckling, twirling her hair around his fingers habitually.
"Mr. Moriarty told me you were back, but I scarcely believed it." Ms. Morstan said in awe. Jane smiled.
"Why wouldn't I want you to call me that?" Jane asked blankly, blinking at him in disbelief. Sherlock quietly offered his arm and she took it. He guided her down a path and away from the crowd, sitting on a steep hill where a stream flowed meters below. Jane sat next to him and he quietly contemplated whatever it was going on in his mind.
“Not that I can tell, but I do get so bored of looking at right hands all the time.” She replied and John found himself laughing once more. “Hmm, you do have unique hand patterns though…”
She left the party for a moment or two, exhausted from the prodding questions and conversations she'd been navigating since the moment she left the guest room. She felt a hand on her wrist and was pulled against someone. She was about to let out a scream but the voice that shushed her was one she knew well.
"He left. Before I had even woke. I'm fairly certain that he will not call on me again." Jane sighed, eyes watering as she looked up at Moriarty with a pathetic expression. Moriarty's features softened and he carefully wrapped an arm around her to pull her into a comforting hug.
"Welcome back, Mr. Holmes."
"What are you doing?" Molly asked curiously, rather intrigued by the expression of concentration on her friend's features.
"You're going to see him covered in Mr. Holmes' blood?" Mary questioned with wide-eyes.
“Do lefties live more extraordinary lives than righties?” John asked, brow arching once more.
Sherlock and Moriarty prepare for their duel and in the mix of the tense atmosphere some rather unexpected confessions are made.
Months had passed, too many and the pain of missing Sherlock never dimmed, and Harry could tell that whatever he'd endured, it had changed him a lot. John rarely showered, opting instead to maintain twenty-first century hygiene by bathing... Which was admittedly unfortunate for Harry because the flat only had one bathroom. But boundaries diminished a little bit after Harry had to seriously pee one time and John let her in while he continued his bath.
To her disappointment, there was no wolf threatening the man who'd been calling out for help. Instead she was greeted with the sight of a man, dressed in relatively expensive looking clothes, clutching his ankle with a simultaneously relieved and panicked expression on his face. That should've been the thing that captured her attention, but it was the tree he was sitting in front of that held her gaze. It was
Too soon, it was Sherlock's last day at Reichenbach Manor, since he was fully healed, and they were in the kitchen as they usually were in the afternoon. Sherlock was sitting on a stool he had found in the attic reading while Jane attended to the pile of dishes that needed to be washed. Mostly, the reason Sherlock still accompanied her into the kitchens was because she was one of the few people that actually enjoyed his company, and he would be lying if he said the feeling wasn't mutual, but he would also avoid the subject if asked about it.
Jane took a moment to look at the ring as they rode home from the church. It was a very unique looking setting. One diamond towered over the others in the center, two more sprouted from the right side as if to look like leaves, and on the left side was a row of five square shaped diamonds. It was quite possible that this ring was the most expensive thing she had ever owned.
“There’s the skeptic version where I tell you about yourself based on the lines on your hand.” She explained. “Or there’s the fun version where I tell you what your future could look like.”
"Want me to help wake you up?"
"Have a safe journey back to Baskerville, Mrs. Holmes."
"Are we not all capable of change? I have no ill-intentions. I swear. I just want to help."
Jane and Sherlock made the rest of their journey back to civilization in relative silence. Occasionally, Sherlock would ask something, and Jane would answer to the best of her ability, without revealing too much about herself or her past. She had apparently given him a lot to contemplate since most of the information he knew about her flipped his perspective on women on its head. Though their predicament changed drastically when the clouds opened up and it began to pour heavily to their dismay.
With her bag hanging on her shoulder, she made her way to the place she wanted most to be.
"You might try one of the estates. I believe that either Mr. Moriarty or Mr. Holmes would be quite pleased to have some extra hands around their households. Though, now that I think about it, Mr. Holmes is rather particular about who he hires and his younger brother lives on the property and I hear he can be quite a handful, something about a nasty temper. If I were you, I would try the Moriarty household to start with." Mary reasoned. She hummed softly, tapping her finger against her lip in thought. "I’ll give you a boon, Ms. Watson. I happen to work in the Moriarty household as a cook. You can come with me to the estate and call upon Mr. Moriarty yourself if that suits you."
"Thank you, Mr. Lestrade." she murmured, still in awe at his generosity.
Jane stared at him quietly, surprised that he was opening up to her like this. "So you like people, but you feel like you're not one of them?" Sherlock nodded and she merely considered this man for a while. "When I first met you, I thought you were a real prat."
Suddenly the breeze picked up and seemed to swirl around him, rustling the leaves on the holly tree and ground alike and sending an intense and unsettling chill down his spine. He could've sworn he heard the faintest resemblance of his name once more as the golden fog thickened and devoured him until he couldn't even see his hand in front of his face. And then in an instant, it had cleared, leaving him staring at a warm, friendly sunrise. He looked around the area and felt nothing but pure confusion.
John must’ve fallen into a deeper sleep at some point because he woke to the smell of bacon and eggs, not Molly climbing out of bed and getting dressed. He let out a groan, once again surprised by the sound of a more feminine voice resonating in his throat. He had hoped to wake up and find it all to be a vivid and strange dream, but the two large mounds on his chest coupled with the fact that this was not the room at the inn suggested otherwise.
"This is quite possibly the loosest my stay has ever been." Jane mused with a chuckle and Sherlock shot her a playful glare at her tease. She reached behind her, pulling the strings taught and retying it. "You seem to be in a very good mood today."
Jane huffed but went to hid in the changing room with the dress she’d been handed. With help from the tailor to get the dress on, Jane stared at her reflection in the mirror, very surprised by the lady in it.
"I've called your sister. We should head to the nearest hospital."
"Probably not. I very much doubt that I have the ability to have children with him..." She whispered sadly, wrapping her arms around herself. The thought had never occurred to her before, but as miraculous as it was that she had found herself two hundred in the past with a woman's body, she didn't dare to hope that it retained all the functions that any normal female body would have. Sure, she got periods, but that didn't necessarily mean she had any sort of fertility. Molly saw Jane's expression and hugged her best friend.
"Ah, you must've met the future Mrs. Holmes." Moriarty realized, offering her a handkerchief.
"As entertaining as I'm certain that would be, I'd rather you come back with someone." he admitted, shaking his head exasperated.
"Is it another woman?" She questioned quietly so none of the other relatives would hear.
"Don't hesitate to call on us should you ever wish to see us outside of appointments and parties. Your company is always sorely missed, Jane." Molly murmured, smiling brightly. The married couple left and Jane noticed the sun low enough on the horizon to consider going home.
He knew a lot of people who would make a boatload of mistakes under a high pressure situation like being crouched in a short trench while tending to the wounded with bullets flying overhead. But these were the moments when John’s thoughts were clearest. Everything made sense in the hectic war-riddled fields of Afghanistan.
“This is it.” He stated excitedly.
"How many years do you think we have left?" she wondered seriously. He kissed along her jaw lovingly.
"My mother would have my head if I used expletives in front of a woman..."
"Thank you, Doctor..." Lestrade paused he tried to figure out the right way to address her.
“Go. I’ll be more than fine to mingle alone for a few minutes,” she assured with a chuckle and Sherlock gave her cheek a tender kiss before he followed Ms. Adler to a different part of the room.
"Would you consider that a form of opening up? Think what you will but you both learned new things about one another at that party."
"Jane..." He whimpered her name quietly, starting to kiss her tenderly. In this small, short moment she realized that she may have been the first person to make him feel loved. Not to discredit his parents; parental love was a very different breed, one she knew Sherlock was familiar with, but there was a sense of obligation associated with it. Jane had no such obligation and simply took him as he was and it was altering for him to realize this.
(See the end of the chapter for
The walk was spent with occasional kisses and giggles. The moment they were upon the door, he kissed her hungrily, pressing her against it with a small moan of her name. She let out a gasp, clinging to him. She carefully wriggled the door handle and let him inside. He swept her up in his arms and carried her upstairs with a giddy grin. The moment he was in her room, he carefully rested her on the bed, lips seeking out hers once more for a passionate kiss.
"Holmes? Isn't it a little early for this?" she asked, yawning as if to make her point.
"Mr. Moriarty has informed me that you're trying to win back Mr. Holmes' affection,"  she admitted, grinning. "I will do my best to help you. But first things first, let's get you dressed for the party."
Somehow, some sort of magic had brought him to this time. His head was spinning as he combed over every strange occurrence in the last day. The man at the inn’s ranting about fairies and blue moons… Obviously it hadn’t been entirely correct, there weren’t any fairies that had whisked him away unless Molly was hiding a pair of wings under her dress, and if her undergarments were anything like the ones she had put on him, he seriously doubted she could hide anything under there.
The sight that greeted Jane and Molly was awe inspiring. Mr. Lestrade, by judgement of his estate alone appeared to be better off than Moriarty, and quite possibly Jane's own husband. The lawn was covered in beautiful painted paper lanterns that were already lit and welcoming.
"If it's any consolation, I feel different tonight... Is it a good different?"
"I clean up well, I think..." she muttered to herself, Janine already in a different part of the house on her duties. Her dress had a square neckline, tight mid-length sleeves and red and white stripes going up and down the base of it, with a lovely red, floor-length peplum that was embroidered with beads in various patterns. Her hair was done up in a braided bun that sat low on her neck and she had put of sprig of holly in her hair to be an accessory for the evening. With most of the family already arrived, she made her way downstairs to greet them, hoping that Sherlock would show up so she didn't have to explain to his family the state of their marriage with no other explanations to give.
"I was only teasing..." Jane felt bad after seeing his reaction. "Did... Did you want to say something? Is that why you were watching me?"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9MN2WeqFY8
Moriarty was sprawled across his desk with a man balls deep inside him, covering his mouth to keep from moaning. Jane was unfortunately not lucky enough to not immediately be noticed. Moriarty let out a yelp of surprise, shifting away from the man.
“Your reputation?” Sherlock’s brow raised.
“I’m neither joking nor drunk, Ms. Adler, if you would allow me the opportunity to explain myself I’d be ever so grateful.” Sherlock gave her a warning glare and she swallowed thickly, hesitantly releasing his arm. “Now, as I was saying… The fact of the matter is that I am very much still a married man. Many of you know this, but for those of you who do not, my wife returned rather miraculously some months ago, and I, being the blind, heartbroken fool that I was, turned her away.” Sherlock’s eyes found Jane in the crowd and his expression softened. “The truth is that I love Jane Holmes with all my heart. Anyone who has known me for five minutes can see that is the most overt feature about me. The day that she vanished was honestly the worst day of my life. I have spent every waking moment since that day trying to understand why she disappeared from my side but I came to a very important conclusion… it doesn’t matter why she left, what matters, what truly matters is that she spent every hour of every day trying to get back to me, and there are few honors that she could gift me with that compare to that. She, just by being by my side, inspires me to be the man I’ve always wanted to be, the man my mother always hoped I’d become. I used to hold no regard for the world or the people in it, but through her eyes, through her love and compassion, I have tamed. I am no longer the unruly teenager who would bark insults at anyone that so much as looked at me. I’ll admit at times he’s still in there, but old habits are hard to break. So while you were all anxiously anticipating the nuptials between Ms. Adler and myself, I’m only too happy to remind you all that I am married and quite happily at that. Tonight, instead, let us turn this revel into a celebration of my wife’s return!”
"In a manner of speaking, yes. I could think of few other places to stay and since the guest estate is a good half mile from here, I have no qualms with it," she stated firmly. "Besides, you've made it incredibly clear you want as little to do with me as possible. I don't believe you get a say in whether or not I stay here."
"Jane! Just like everyone else!"
"Jane..." he groaned, resting his forehead on her shoulder. "I love you..." he whispered, kissing her again. She melted into it, arms wrapping around his neck to pull him closer. She couldn't help it, not when he used those words on her again.
"I don't think they've ever enjoyed such meaningful gifts before... You have a talent."
"What do you have planned?"
"So I am?"
The music changed and so did the tune of the violin, which was now hissing as if Sherlock's very touch were fire and it felt like he were playing the conflict in her very soul, and then as abruptly as it began it stopped and was once again replaced by the melodic voices of the trio of talented ladies. She couldn't take her eyes off her husband though, whose eyes continued to follow her as she danced around the grass.
"No, no, deary. I have the carriage waiting outside. Mr. Holmes insisted I take it." Mrs. Hudson explained, giving a small curtsy in thanks before making her way out, shooting her a fond smile before she closed the door behind her, leaving Jane alone with her thoughts.
"Sherlock! Welcome. My goodness, Ms. Morstan wasn't kidding when she said the two of you looked like you had been through a hurricane."
Mrs. Hudson nodded, relaxing on the sofa. Jane turned to look at Sherlock with a nervous expression.
Sherlock's parents greeted her excitedly, well, that is to say Virginia was excited but Wolfson, as was his nature, was smiling gently at her from a few steps away as his wife crushed her daughter-in-law's ribs more effectively than her bodice. And to Wolfson's right was a man and a young lady.
He simply wasn’t marriage material. No woman wanted a broken man. Beyond that, one’s health could hardly be considered good when one is contemplating swallowing a bullet within the next twenty-four hours. And while suicide is most certainly a drastic life changing experience, John speculated that wasn’t quite what she had meant.
The subsequent days fared no better and before long the trees were all full of bright green leaves and it had been nearly a month since he had found himself trapped in a time that was not his own. He had started to lose hope of ever returning home too.
Jane felt out of place like she no longer belonged among these familiar faces. She shifted but kept her posture confident, swallowing thickly and making her way all the way down the staircase.
"People, obviously." he muttered with a sigh. "I may find conversation to be lacking in all regards and people to be an annoying inconvenience but from a distance, people are fascinating. If I could go through my life, observing, never having to be seen to spoken to, I think I would like that. They all lead such intricate lives. They all have something that's important to them. Perhaps that's the reason I find them so painfully irritating when approached with conversation. They all have something to look forward to, some goal, or something they treasure. I don't have anything like that. I was born into enormous fortune and as such, I've never wanted for anything, I've never truly valued anything I have because it was something I was naturally entitled to. I am without ambition, without compassion, or tribulation. It's easy for me to close everyone out.
"Huh."
"It's not that... You just... seem different tonight and I suppose I'm just trying to figure you out."
"Good morning, Ms. Watson." The blood in Jane's veins froze as she slowly turned to see the very man she thought she'd seen the last of, sitting calmly in the same armchair as before, looking down at a book he had poised neatly in one hand. "The walk here was refreshing, I hope."
"I'm a fast reader."
“I love you too, Sherlock.” Those words, hearing them said so sincerely seemed to breath color and life back into Sherlock’s world. A moment passed as they quietly stared at one another and then Sherlock’s hand found itself cupping her cheek as his lips pressed insistently against her own. Jane’s arms snaked around his neck, fingers tangling into his curls as her back pressed against the door. The kiss seemed to simultaneously last too long and not nearly long enough.
"You too, Holmes." Jane murmured, crushing another sprig of lavender and applying it to her burns before getting comfortable and falling asleep. It took Sherlock a few moments more to finally relax enough to sleep. He glanced over at Jane, eyebrow quirking upwards as he considered her a moment. Her reaction to the news was not at all what he had expected. She handled it with grace and poise and rather embraced an idea.
Jane didn't know what to say, she wanted to believe him but the truth was so incredibly ludicrous, she very much doubted that it wouldn't push him away. After all, what man would actually believe and accept that his wife was born nearly two hundred years after him as a man who did very well in medical school, played rugby, and then went into the army as a doctor and a Captain, only to be shot at? To say that it was a lot to take in would be the understatement of the millennium and chances of her getting thrown into an asylum? Too high to be comfortable considering for more than a fleeting moment.
"Wow. A term of amazement when you can't think of anything else to say because you are stunned with awe. I keep forgetting that it hasn't caught on yet."
Jane, while exploring the woods in search of the tree that had somehow sent her into the past, discovers a man she dislikes more than the constant leering of her employer.
Perhaps it hadn’t been God at all that had sent him back in time. Perhaps it was Bill, maybe death unlocked the ability to mold the world as he wished, and maybe John had forced his hand by trying to blow his own head off. And maybe he wouldn’t be able to go back until Bill figured he’d learned his lesson. But just how long would that take?
Jane woke the next morning to the sun climbing through her window and into her eyes. She groaned, reaching over to wrap her arms around Sherlock, but instead, she found the bed empty, completely cold on the other side of the bed. She frowned, eyes opening but the clothes scattered on the floor were only hers, suggesting that Sherlock had been gone for quite a while.
"I am." Sherlock agreed, picking a sunshine yellow dress with little blue forget-me-nots embroidered around the sleeves, cuffs, collar, and skirt. He put it on her carefully before gently braiding and tying her hair back. "Shall we?"
"Yes." Jane called from the bed, covering up her burns with a shawl that Mary had lent her. Her dress was much looser on her now and her bodice underneath her ensemble had been removed completely so that they could have better access to the burns that were now already on a fast track to recovery.
“Yes, well, you may have just inspired an invention to block out noise with that performance.” she teased.
"Begin!" exclaimed the salt-and-pepper man and the two men clashed so quickly it looked like lightning. Sherlock was on the defensive as Moriarty continuously tried to land a blow, Sherlock parrying each time. Finally, Sherlock decided to feint and it caused Moriarty to jump back in avoidance of the blow that never came. Now, it was Sherlock who was on the offensive, backing Moriarty up into a tree. Sherlock was able to land a clean slice on Moriarty's cheek but it only seemed to aggravate the shorter brunette. Moriarty kicked some of the dirt he was standing on up towards Sherlock's face and stunned him, lunging ferociously towards his opponent.
John walked back towards the town he had come from, shoes feeling strange and unfamiliar. He looked down at his feet and noticed how loose his shoes were on him. And then he took a moment to notice the two large lumps bulging from his chest in a shirt that definitely didn't fit him the way it should. He groped his chest curiously, thinking that his sleep deprivation had finally made him mad. Oddly enough, the breasts were there, he could feel the sensation of his hands gently squeezing them, the warmth of the flesh. His eyes widened as his trousers finally fell down and something that had been there an hour before was replaced by some less familiar genitals.
"If it's not too much trouble, yes. I suppose I should've told you that we are hosting it sooner, but it more often than not slips my mind... which is part of the reason why my parties are usually the worst in the family..."
"Of course, Ms. Watson."
“Sorry, love, I can’t read specific details, palm reading doesn’t work like that.” The woman said, patting his hand apologetically.
John couldn't help but feel like this was the easiest job interview he had ever had though he wasn't sure if it was attributed to the era or the fact that Moriarty was attracted to him, well, her.
"You stopped drinking. Why?"
“You look stunning, Mrs. Holmes,” he said with a nod of approval, handing the tailor the money for the dress. “I very much doubt that your husband will be able to take his eyes off of you in that, and I can’t tell that you’re expecting.” He whispered the last part in her ear.
"Been meaning to speak with me? What about?"
"It's a place to put gifts."
"Are you sure about this, Jane?" he asked quietly and she gave one quiet nod in assurance. He pulled his jacket off and tossed it on the floor, kissing her once more but this time more confidently, Jane kissed back, a little surprised at his change in demeanor. He carefully slipped her overdress off and took in the sight of her. "I meant to tell you earlier... you're beautiful."
"I've already said too much. I'd spoil the surprise if I told you anything more," he smirked, leaning back against the cushions.
"Having regrets?" Jane asked seriously, trying to disguise the hurt in her voice but it was too early in the morning for her to be much good at it. Sherlock's face shot up from the pillow and a soft expression replaced his embarrassed one.
Mr. Lestrade was also present although he was sitting on the other side of the aisle. It appeared he did not have many friends and it caused her to wonder how Sherlock and he had become acquainted at all with how different the both of them seemed to be. The ceremony wasn't too terribly long and Sherlock was incredibly respectful of her space, only touching her to put on the ring and kissing her cheek only once as the ceremony ended.
"Good morning, Mr. Lestrade. What brings you here at this hour?"
"Well, that course of thought certainly not going to help you find your step." Jim reasoned, gently nudging her shoulder. "You have Ms. Morstan, Mr. Moran, and myself to count among your friends. Mrs. Hudson is no doubt very grateful that you came back when you did, and she probably still adores you. Mrs. and Mr. Lestrade seemed pleased to see you at the party. And your husband is not over you yet, I guarantee it."
"Alright. I'll come for dinner. I look forward to seeing you then. I should go to my own work now as well." Molly agreed, following the more elegant lady out of her house and heading off to her father's stable with a bright smile and an encouraging wave. Mary waved back and then she stepped into the carriage that was waiting outside her doorstep, ushering Jane inside after her.
"Is it so unlikely that a woman would wish to converse with her husband?"
“How about tarot cards?” She asked playfully, but by the fact that she had already set the deck on the table, John figured that question was probably rhetorical and he wouldn’t be getting a choice in which method the supposed medium used to tell him his destiny.
The bliss to be connected to him like this once more, to be in his arms again after so long... it only added to her pleasure. Ecstasy washed over her once more and she clenched around him, pushing him over the edge as well.
“Ladies and gentlemen, it would be my greatest honor to play the pianoforte for you all tonight on this happy occasion!” Moriarty’s voice climbed above the conversations scattered around the room and just like that, all attention was shifted. “You may know the piece, it’s by the great composer Mozart.”
“I do believe you’re insulting me, Mrs. Holmes.” Moriarty bantered back with a chuckle. “I’m glad you two finally came to your senses.”
"He couldn't take his eyes off of you. He spent the duration of the party watching you, no one could get him to hold a conversation." Jim stated, amused. "In the meantime, I will see about getting you a career you can be happy with."
"That's a good sign. No slurs." Jane assured, smiling softly. "I recommend you lay here for a while. At least until we're sure all the symptoms are passed."
"I... don't know what I would even say in this situation..." Sherlock admitted dejectedly.
"Alright. Can you walk to your room if Mr. Lestrade and I help you there? I need to get that arm of yours stitched up."
"Jesus Christ..." Jane ran her fingers through her hair and stared up at the ceiling.
Mrs. Holmes was completely supportive of Sherlock's choice in life companion, despite her bringing zero advantage to the family, besides the possibility that Sherlock would be slightly less annoyed with her as his bride over any other woman. Virginia seemed content with that, and she was. She wanted her son to be the happiest he had the potential to be since her other children insisted on making themselves suffer.
Ms. Adler was on the staircase, with an expression Jane had yet to see on her face until now, pure anger. She made her way down the grand staircase, schooling her features into their usual, friendly countenance.
"What an idiot... to leave you in this state." he murmured, and she began sobbing into his chest in earnest. After she was finished crying, she pulled back, regret filling her features.
The companionship came with a comfortable silence as they both continued to focus on what they were doing. Sherlock had a habit of being enthralled by whatever had his focus, and often it was very difficult to get his attention if he had been reading quietly for a while, which had been the case. One of the maids had been boiling a pot of water for Moriarty's bath, and despite Sherlock's presence in the afternoon being a nearly constant thing, she was unaware that he was there as she walked backwards with the pot of scalding water.
"I'm aware." he gritted through his teeth.
"As ready as I will ever be." she agreed. "I don't see how you intend to get Mr. Holmes to be here, though."
"Me too, Sherlock." She assured, letting out a rather lewd moan as he shifted angles slightly. Sherlock's pace grew faster and Jane clung to him as he continued to strike something deep inside her.
"Giving up before you've even begun?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. She felt him gently cradle her leg and reposition her so her legs were very much spread enough for him to nest comfortably between them.
"Yes, I can tell you're going to be so much help." The man stated haughtily in a monotone voice, rolling his eyes and crossing his arms. "There's no way you can help me get back to civilization and it's going to take you ages to get back here with someone who could."
A flash of light and a loud crack, followed by a yell of pain had John sprinting towards it in an instant. It was a voice he knew, it was the voice of his best friend, Bill Murray. The sight that awaited him when he got there was one that broke his heart.
Morning came swiftly enough and Molly had a somewhat vague solution as to what was to be done about the financial riddle.
Sherlock started worshiping her breasts with his mouth but he could tell that she was preoccupied now. He paused, pressing their foreheads together and looking at her with a expression.
He glanced at the alarm clock and it’s red glowing numbers were kind enough to inform him that it was just past three in the morning. He was very aware that meant he would not be falling back to sleep again, as he had never been able to successfully sleep after that recurring nightmare. It was perhaps twenty minutes or so after a sigh of resignation and a long staring competition with the ceiling that something unusual happened.
"This bed is big enough for two..."
"How are you?" he asked after a moment, looking at her with pure concern, an expression she hadn't really seen on his face since before they had gotten married.
"You still want to marry me?" Sherlock asked, stopping to stare at Jane in disbelief.
"I've missed you too, Mrs. Hudson," Jane admitted, a tentative but joyful smile appearing on her lips.
Harry had been making hot chocolate and she knocked on the bathroom door before entering.
"It's time for tea." Mrs. Hudson repeated, testing out the words like they were foreign.
"We've been walking for almost two hours..." Jane groaned quietly, yawning as if to prove her point. "Wherever you were planning on taking me, I think we're lost."
"I'll have to thank this Dr. Watson. He sounds like an extraordinarily skilled man of medicine." Virginia mused, looking over Sherlock as if trying to piece together where Sherlock had been injured.
“Good evening, Mrs. Hudson.” He had to make an effort not to sound as knackered as he actually was. “Just here to drop off some pictures for Sherlock to take a look at,” he told her with a smile, stepping into the hall.
Something amazing today.
In the more private moments they shared, John loved each new and unique mole that caught his attention on Sherlock’s skin, every new ticklish spot he discovered, every new sound he managed to elicit from him.
“Alright.” John swallowed, not sure what to think. He watched as Sherlock took a tube of lubricant from inside the bedside table and smeared some of it onto his fingers. After stuffing a cushion under his bum with his other hand, Sherlock pulled up his knees, letting his legs fall open, and just like that, started circling his arse with his wet middle finger.
Oh, and there was actually a tiny Cabin Pressure reference in this chapter, although I’m afraid it might be almost impossible to catch… Let me know if you still did! (It’s two lines from Martin and Douglas that are mirrored here by Sherlock and John, although in a rather different context.)
Feeling a bit of the tension seep away, he let himself into the room and went to stand in the centre, to observe. There was only one advantage to being involved as late as half a day after the event in question had taken place, which was that forensics were done fingerprinting and photographing by then and the place was quiet and empty of people.
,” he murmured, turning back to Sherlock. “There must have been one or two brain cells of yours still functioning then, more than I’d given you credit for in the sorry state you’re in. Or was it your
He forgot to breathe for a few seconds as he let the words echo in his mind. John loved him. Sherlock wasn’t even sure what that meant, exactly. But once his brain stopped trying to wrap itself around this new piece of information, a relieved smile involuntarily started to spread over his face.
Interestingly, they still did, though. They said things like “I’m so sorry” and “My poor child, how will you ever be able to forgive us”, even though they knew perfectly well he couldn’t hear or understand those sentences.
“It must be,” John said conspiratorially, “because we’re having breakfast at the ungodly hour of…” he checked the clock on the microwave, “… 1 pm.”
Sherlock read the same thoughts he had in John’s eyes.
His mother looked at Mycroft as if he was merely giving a mildly interesting academic lecture about something that didn’t concern her at all, absent-mindedly taking a sip of her drink.
But why do these damn women natter on at the speed of light – drowning everything they say in a sea of details – anyway? It’s not that Sherlock, for instance, never does that, but at least he compensates by being silent for a few hours after rattling off one of his deductions. Also, what he has to say is usually actually interesting. And relevant.
“You just said you woke up.”
He had to stop this monster, if it was the last thing he did.
“Gradually getting worse, as expected.” John sucked in a breath. “She made Rosie a little teddy, though. Amazing, given how weak she is. She’s so kind.” John was silent for a moment. “And how are things over here?” John eyed the chaos of discarded clothes around him.
Definitely time to leave this place.
As soon as Mycroft entered, it was as if the very air in the room changed, as usual. But the icy wind touching John’s soul did seem significantly less frosty this time. And it was not just John having gradually become more immune to this effect, he thought.
Once he did fall asleep, he slept more soundly than he had in years. In his dreams, old memories of their time together mixed with a new imagined future. Strangely, it kept featuring a long-haired setter, which they took for long walks in the countryside, where bees kept merrily buzzing all around them.
“But…”
“I’m a killer,” Smith said, contentedly, into the camera. “You
Sherlock carefully put a hand on John’s arm. “John, wake up.”
John had come as soon as Sherlock had texted him, as he almost always did (especially since Mary was out of the picture, it occurred to Sherlock, but never mind that now).
“Not in this position,” Sherlock added.
“That’s kind of you,” he replied. “But I don’t need them anymore.” No pills would be able to make him feel better.
Sherlock froze, petrified. “Do you want me out?” he whispered quickly.
John was barely holding it together by this point and in his head started compulsively reciting the only Shakespeare sonnet he knew (once learnt by heart for some silly contest in his uni days); anything to keep his vital functions within normal parameters.
While he’d always been convinced of the exact opposite, he now realised that strong relationships in fact bring you closer to reality. They don’t cloud your judgement, but enhance your understanding. Of everything.
to love you. And believe me, I’ve tried. Too many times.” There was a sadness behind his eyes that made John need to look away. Forcing his gaze back after a moment, he whispered hoarsely, “Same here.” He squeezed Sherlock’s hand, that was still in his. “Shall we promise to each other that we will never again try not to love the other, ever? Whatever ridiculous situation we might end up in?”
Mission complete.
, I’m telling you!” John’s blood was practically boiling, although Greg did not seem to get that.
“The case,” Sherlock elucidated. “I predict there will be some discord between Violet and Bob tonight a little after eight at The Ledbury. We need to be there in order to ensure a happy ending.” He got into a half-sitting position and nuzzled John’s neck, adding, with some innuendo, “I think we might just have time for a shower.”
Two more hours till John would come home from his night shift. Two more hours until Sherlock could witness him acting withdrawn and ignoring Sherlock again.
One was of Sherrinford with Redbeard: a little blond boy lying on his belly on the sofa with a colouring book and pencils, and the dog lying curled up peacefully on the floor beside him in the warm, sunny room.
They walked in silence for a bit more, until it became overtly evident that Sherlock had retreated to some far corner of his Mind Palace and had stopped appreciating John’s company.
Come to think of it, he wasn’t sure his nails were really short enough.
Fine. Perfect. Yes, he didn’t care. Anything.
Thanks for all the lovely comments. They give me the strength to see this through to the end. :D
Only when Greg sat down next to John and asked him for his witness statement, did John realise that it must now be quite obvious to everyone who’d been in the flat that he and Sherlock were a couple now.
Open eyes.
, there was only one left in the stack. “Tony! I need more clean cups! Get to it, will you?”
Sherlock felt just as knackered. He pulled in a long breath and held it for a few seconds to steady his nerves. Being interrogated as a witness to Mary’s death by Sally Donovan had taken every bit of his energy and every bit of focus from every single brain cell he possessed.
It’s the old lady next door! She will
was looking after Rosie. As Sherlock’s friend, she would put everything into caring for and protecting her, he knew. Although he was still having a hard time picturing her with a baby.
She ran down the stairs, cursing herself for her inability to just
“It’s not actually my hospital,” Smith replied, smiling eerily. “Well, it is a
Sherlock was still on the sofa, dozing, drifting in and out of the dream version of his Mind Palace, and John was pottering about in the kitchen, preparing dinner, when the sound of John’s phone rang through the flat. Sherlock gradually opened his eyes to see John raise his eyebrows at the screen. “It’s the earl.” John picked up in speaker mode, holding the mobile in front of him so that Sherlock could hear.
