"Wait, Plant? Like Sam's FBI badge?" The youngest asked curiously.
Her beauty and the moonlight overthrew ya
Castiel tried to be as silent as possible sneaking back into the Bunker. It was rather difficult, given the fact that the main entrance was made of solid metal and creaked loudly whenever it was moved. Still, Cas made his way down the stairs and through the rooms to the hallway.
Who's your buddy, who's your man?
Who's your buddy, who's your friend?
He'd pray to his angel. Dean didn't know if Cas could hear his prayers anymore, not after everything they've been through, but regardless he prayed. He would tell Cas everything in his prayers, things he couldn't say aloud, thoughts that he could only share with the one he truly loved.
That night Cas snuck out the bed and picked up a spare computer, he searched the words he had heard through the Impala's speakers. "Who's Your Daddy" by Toby Keith, the internet informed Cas. The raven haired man knew exactly what he was going to give Dean for their anniversary.
Unlocking the door, they opened it to find a large sitting area, including a couch, TV and coffee table, through a doorway they found a small kitchen.
Dean knew that he had an interest in cowboys, one might even call it a fetish. Cas on the other hand never understood the appeal. Sure, he watched the movies with Dean, not for his own enjoyment but for the man he loves. The hunter always stared at the screen with such attentiveness, commenting on the inspiration for storylines and characters.
"Uh, yeah! Did you barely get that? Man, I'm coming with to the record store, someone needs to teach you the way," Dean grabbed his jacket and keys, making his way to the stairs before Jack or Cas could even think to follow
"Cas, I don't understand why we have to go to a hotel that's two hours away. I get you wanna be completely alone but couldn't we have gotten one in town?" Dean whined as he listened to the GPS tell him when to turn.
After miles of driving, they finally pulled into a parking lot of a moderately nice hotel, nicer than anything they've ever stayed at for a hunt. Cas quickly checked in with one of his numerous IDs and they headed to their suite.
Dean took off his jacket and shoes, stretched his back and wandered over to the fridge in the kitchen, empty except a few water bottles with a $3 price tag.
"Oh, shit! Cas!" Dean hurriedly dropped his gun and pulled his boyfriend into a crushing hug. "Dude, I am so sorry! I just heard footsteps and assumed it was some wack-a-doo breaking in, I mean it's like 3 in the morning."
"Finally, what were you doing in there?" Dean reached the doorway but Castiel didn't move. "Cas, we can't get to special fun time in bed if I can't get to the bed," then Dean was spun around and his vision was gone. A soft blindfold covered his eyes, he could feel the ends of it brush his neck as Cas tied it. "Is this your tie?"
"Pasta always makes me tired."
Dean stripped into his boxers and shirt and laid down to rest, still his mind was focused on Cas. Eventually, the hunter fell into a quiet slumber.
"Well..." Cas murmurs. "Fuck everyone else, then."
"He thought you hated him," Gabe repeats. "I gotta say it again?"
"Yeah," Dean says, "Oh, can I drive with you? Sam and Gabe brought me so I don't have a car."
Cas nods, forcing a smile. "Great."
"Are you alright, Dean?" Cas asked, looking at him concernedly. "You appear... conflicted."
When Dean joins him in the hallway (thank God above that Cas avoided seeing any more skin than he needed to - he might have spontaneously combusted), Cas smiles at him and extends a hand without thinking. "Shall we?"
He comes down from his rant, still staring at the floor and not his husband.
"Shut up," Cas whispers, kissing him again.
Dean tries to watch the movie - he really does - but Cas' hand is warm on his waist and his hair soft against his neck. He can feel himself drifting closer to sleep with each exhale, but he doesn't stop himself. He is safe with Cas, he knows that.
"Then let's watch The Incredibles, even if it's a kid's movie." Cas smiles cheekily at Dean. "That's a stupid concept anyway, it's a stellar animated film, and I can tell that you like it despite your protests."
"Yeah, right down the road," Cas tells him, smiling. "I haven't ruined your appetite yet?"
Sam is not out either.
Dean laughs, the confusion written all over Cas' face is just too adorable not to laugh at. "Maybe we should go then," he says, "you can try and figure out how to make small talk between now and the next party."
"Go," Sam mutters. As Cas makes to stand, Sam grabs his arm. "But for the record?" Cas glances at him. "He
"Shut up," Sam and Gabriel both said at once.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers, taking Dean’s hands in both of his mitten-covered own. “You’re going to save me a lot of misery.”
"Because he doesn't want me." Cas stares at Dean across the room sadly.
Cas shrugs. "We are all named for angels, yes. Michael, Gabriel, and Heylel were named for archangels. Heylel, in keeping with his name, somewhat turned on our father, changed his name to Lucifer - he has a twisted sense of humor - and doesn't speak to the rest of us anymore."
"You haven't done anything," Dean says gently, leaning backwards and closing his eyes.
Cas nods and follows him.
What? No he's not quoting his brother.
"It's fine," Dean says with a grin, "You might not believe this," he lowers his voice into a conspiring whisper, "but when I was little, I didn't do people either. And then I learned." He decided to leave out the part where he learned because it was the only way he could keep Sammy happy and safe.
"Shit, shit, shit," Dean mutters, "it wasn't what it looked like, I promise."
"I'll just take a few of these," Cas says. "I'm growing attached to them."
Cas smiles as he finishes his bite of pancake. "This morning, I discovered that your brother has never felt rested in his life, and I have resolved to fix that."
Cas clears his throat and opens his door. "Should we go inside to wait for them?"
"Here you go, go and try these on," he says, pushing a pair of jeans at Cas before his brain can well and truly collapse.
in a way he's never seen before.
"Damn it Sammy," Dean sighs, following Cas into the room and facing his brother. He was so sure he was going to be able to keep them apart - or die trying - and now Sam is here, ruining all those plans. "How did you even get in? The door was locked!"
, whatever
Dean rolls his eyes, "you've wanted to be a lawyer since you were about 10 years old, and here you are, breaking the law."
"That's awesome!" Cas says, jolting Dean out of his self-pity. "Why didn't you call Dean?"
"Ok," Dean mutters slowly, "well, I'm not going to look too deeply into that pizza taste. I still don't see how you’re unsettling. Weird maybe, unsettling definitely not."
"I struggle every day," Cas mutters. "You know that. You help me with it. I'd be a shitty friend if I couldn't do the same."
"No, I kind of want to," Dean whispers, still shocked over how true it is, "just, don't ask for any more than I tell you. Okay?"
"Ok, come on then, hop in," Dean says, waving a hand at the passenger side door and opening his own door.
Cas laughs in return. "Yes, it should go right at the top."
Cas takes his phone back with a nod of his head, "I promise I will," he says and he's almost shocked at how sincere he actually is. He is glad that Sam hasn't said what Dean's shit is, even if Cas is slightly curious, he is even more glad that Dean has a brother who respects his privacy enough to not blurt out all his problems to total strangers. "I'll keep an eye on him," Cas promises before frowning. "Wait, since you could talk? How long has this shit been going on?" His frown deepens as he thinks it over, "you don't have to answer that if you don't want to. I realize that's pretty intrusive."
"What's wrong?" Cas asked. "Are you alright?"
"Let's go inside," Cas suggests. "We don't have class today, so let's just stay in our dorm."
Cas lifts one hand to Dean's chin and rubs his thumb over the stubble there. "Don't shave," he tells Dean, and then he pulls Dean down and brings their lips together hard. The applause gets louder.
"Alright," Dean says, standing up, "just warning you that Gabe really wasn't kidding when he said it isn't pleasant."
"There we go, everyone understands. Humans are just wacky aren't they."
"Yeah," Dean croaks, without even thinking about what he's saying.
"Come on," Dean says, walking towards the tee section, "any ideas about colors or patterns?"
"Exactly," Dean agrees, with a smile, trying to get his brain to start working again. Cas' laugh is beautiful, apparently beautiful enough to break his brain. How on Earth is he going to survive a year with this guy?
"Just, past memories, all that shit," Dean says with a wave of his hand, assuming Cas doesn't actually care and is just asking to be polite.
"Ha," Dean laughs, "you don't even know his last name, good luck finding him now!" This is perfect. Cas can't find out how awful Dean is, if he can't find Sam. And he can't find Sam unless he - shit. They are in college. It won't be too hard to find a last name out, especially a roommate's last name. Dean will just have to hope Cas' rock extends into finding surnames.
Dean visibly weighs it, then finally says “I’d be a shitty friend if I said no.”
"Good to know," Dean says, "I will add it to my to do list. Ask Gabe how to prank the devil."
Dean smiles back, trying to avoid the hard swallow Cas' smile causes him to need. Cas is absolutely adorable. He is beautiful and adorable and dorky and just-
"Well, I'm assuming you have some money, I have some money, we can always pool our cash. I have a clothes allowance and I don't need any new clothes for now."
"Yeah ok," Dean says, clicking on the first movie which he sees which doesn't look bad, not even bothering to check the title.
"Okay," Cas replies, falling into an awkward silence. He briefly wonders why this is so hard to say before concluding that it's because everything is hard for him to say.
"Okay," Dean says, trying to get rid of the pointless disappointment which bubbled up. He has no reason to be feeling disappointed, he has never felt like anything like this ever before. He has made a new friend, great, that doesn't mean he has to be tied to Dean's side.
"Of course he did," Dean mutters again with a sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose, "yeah, he's always been one to stick his nose into other people's business. Don't worry 'bout it, I'm fine."
Cas thinks, and then because he's an idiot, he says it out loud.
Gabe nodded, "and also for apparently trying to ignore both of the aforementioned facts." Dean glared even harder down at the table, absentmindedly scratching at his inner arm. Maybe he was an idiot for falling in love with Cas, but the soulmate thing wasn't the problem here. Not that he could just say that because that would mean spilling that Cas was his soulmate. And that was not going to happen.
Sam slams down three burgers in front of him. "Eat. Fucking eat."
"Let's go then," Dean said with a grin, "do you want to go in my car, or drive yourself there?"
"I won't regret a damn thing." Cas knew it was true. Being near Dean was worth anything. He knew he loved him more than anything.
Cas nods. "Which is why it's a terrible system. Because what if you never fall in love with your soulmate? Or what if you fall in love with someone who isn't your soulmate? It's poorly organized."
“I’m cashing it in, I’m cashing it all in,” Cas declares. “I need your help.”
"Yes," Cas says. His voice is incredibly strained. "And yes. And... well, yes. And of course I do, Dean, who wouldn't?"
“I’m autistic,” he reminds his friend. “I don’t know how to communicate effectively with you.”
Dean opens his mouth to answer, but finds the words stuck on his tongue. He doesn't have words to answer that question, so he doesn't. He leans forwards, catching Cas' lips in a gentle kiss. Hoping that it will convey all the he needs to say.
"Are you sticking around?" Dean asks, "or are you heading out somewhere?"
Dean looks over at Cas, "alright," he says slowly, "glad to hear that?"
Gabriel sits down on the bed that used to belong to Cas. "Are you even still alive in here?"
"Yes, but at least I wouldn't be hassled for it by my entire family," Cas muttered.
"You sure?" Dean double checks, "think isn't very reassuring."
"Ok, I wasn't planning on going out anyway. I'm thinking about watching a movie, I'll go on my computer and use earphones so I don't distract you from your book."
"Yeah ok," Dean sighs, after also finishing his teeth, "I have no idea how you're planning to do that, but ok."
"So you're
"Never told me you were an artist," Cas breathes. "Why don't I know anything about you?" He kisses Dean again.
"Why are you turning red?" Cas asked, looking at him curiously. "Did I do something wrong?"
"A disaster? In what way?" Cas inquires.
"Ok great," Dean says with a smile which is slightly forced. He isn't quite sure how he is going to survive Cas wearing those jeans at all times, but he guesses he will have to. "You want to change back, grab a sweater and get out of this hell hole?" he asks.
"I didn't make out with any girl, I promise," Dean says tiredly, "I guess I understand, but I can promise you I love Cas and no one else. All I want is him back."
"He did, and according to his wrist yes. But he doesn't... I can't let him want me."
"And my brother," Sam adds. "I'm here cause I was talkin' to Gabe."
,” Cas hisses. “This is important.”
Cas sighs. "We can skip one class."
Gabe groans. "Goddammit, you're so pathetic I can't even be mad at you."
"Of course," Dean replies with a grin, "if we're going to be roommates, then we should definitely be friends, it would just be awkward if we didn't get along."
"Yeah," Dean nods, "very not suspicious there Sammy."
"I'm saying it because you need someone to love you right now," Gabe tells him. "Get out of my car."
"Yeah, he was many things. Homophobic was one of them."
"Yes, and please god stop judging me," he grumbled.
"Doesn't he?" Charlie questions, "because I've seen the two of you together. I thought it was him who was pining after you, not the other way round."
you'd have to actually go to court for statutory rape, but it could happen."
"I won't have this argument," Cas decides. He leans forward and kisses Dean instead.
Dean turns around in his seat to look at Cas, "what?" he asks, "have I missed something? Because I can't remember any bonding moments."
Cas nods and says bye, then hangs up. "Sam got his acceptance letter. He'll be joining us here at Stanford next year!"
"I can tell because you are equally annoying in almost all exact same way."
"Well for one thing," Sam begins, "you already look at each other like you're in love, which... is frankly ridiculous, especially considering how slow Dean is to love anyone, and... I don't know.
"Ok," Dean says slowly, feeling the change in the mood of the room, but unable to figure out what caused it, "well you enjoy that."
"Huh?" Dean asks cleverly, hearing Cas' side of the conversation - and his name - but having no idea what's happening.
"Almost," Cas yells back from the other side of the door. When he walks out about ten seconds later, Dean has to remind himself that wolf whistling is not an appropriate reaction. Even if it seems like an accurate one.
Cas stares at the sleek black car. "She's beautiful," he says.
Dean looks over at Cas in shock, clenching and unclenching his hands a couple of times before he can answer. "Have I mentioned before that I really want to murder your family? Because I amend that to I really want to murder Michael." He continues to clench his hands, digging his nails into his palm in the hope it would reduce his urge to murder, before he suddenly freezes. "But why did that make you call me Michael?" he asks slowly, the words feeling like they are sticking to the roof of his mouth. He would never beat Sam, never refuse to pay for his college tuition or treat him like garbage.
"Lies," Cas said. "If he was abusive, which it sounds like he was, you deserved better."
"And just for the record," Sam adds, glancing at his brother over the top of the menu, "I don't plan on stopping."
"Neither," Dean says with a smile, "feelings and all that stuff, not one of my skills, however, if you ever need anyone to badly talk to, then I'm here. Also you have a lot more than 'a few' skills. I can promise you that."
"I was being unreasonable," Cas whispers.
"Yeah, we can see if we can find you some plaid and some green. We should also find you some blue, and obviously anything else you find that you like."
His older brother taunted him with it from the time that he was 10 until he left the house at 16 – an emancipated teen who needed to get away.
"Good thanks," Dean says without even thinking about whether it is true or not.
Cas sighed. "Fine, give me five minutes and I'll put my suit on. And if it really bothers you that much, I won't wear my coat, either."
Cas's grip tightens on him involuntarily.
"I don't know," Dean replies. "Classes don't start until Monday, and I don't really feel like going out and making new friends. Maybe I'll head into town and have a look around, get used to the area and everything."
"I have to go," Cas mutters, opening the door and stepping outside into the sunlight again.
Sam breathes a sigh of relief. "Thank god he's somehow miraculously decided to hop off my dick. Does your brother have magical powers, because that was way too easy."
"Ok," Dean laughs, grabbing his - slightly more normal - coat and walking out the door, "let's go," he agrees.
," Sam confesses before he can stop himself.
Cas bites his lip to keep from asking what these words are. Despite the instant connection he felt with Dean, he still wasn't comfortable sharing his, so it stood to reason that Dean wouldn't want to share his either.
"I sort of have. But somehow I always understand you." Cas smiles softly at Dean.
"Yeah, let's go," Dean agrees, deciding to ignore the uneasy feeling in his gut. It doesn't matter how dedicated Cas is, Sam wouldn't necessarily share everything bad about Dean. Dean hopes not anyway.
boring."
"You are when it comes to feelings," Dean points out, "I'm fairly sure you've forced me into talking about my feelings more times than I've talked about my feelings by choice."
"Well yeah, I'm not arguing with that one," Dean mutters, "and ok. I believe you. It might take some getting used to but I trust you."
"Sure," Cas says easily, passing ever his phone with a new contact already open for Sam to put his number in. He doesn't know what it is about Dean, but Cas will already do anything to keep him safe. "Is it likely that something will 'go on' with him?" Cas asks, air quotes and all.
Dean smiled at the memory.
Castiel understood – the hotel was very old, and the rooms were small. He often felt that the hoteliers were being overly optimistic with the two-bed rooms they sold.
Because you’re an angel.
"Oh," said Dean, dazed, as he belatedly remembered they were going to send someone out to fix the problem. "Uh. Thanks. And tell the old lady I really am sorry, she seemed pretty upset."
Dean groaned in his throat.
“Hell of a good morning,” he said, swiping his toast through the runny yolk of the eggs and taking a bite.
The motel he chose was nondescript, just like Dean had taught him.
Castiel sat back, amazed.
"So, Cas, I called you down here to let you know that your djinn queen operated a little differently from other djinn," he said. "Maybe because she was the queen, I don't know. Anyway. These djinn dreams are
“Aww,” Sam grinned.
Then he paused.
Castiel groaned, and began the work of pushing things aside, lengthening the channel within Dean so that he would be able to accept Castiel’s engorged length deep within his body.
“I would
But it also made him suddenly and keenly aware of the years and years of experience that resided within Castiel, that easy confidence, and that air of allure and mystery that Dean had always felt at anything secret and ancient, just like most Americans, he supposed.
“No!” Dean all but shouted, red velvet cake and coffee nearly overturned as he reached out to grab Cas by the sleeve.
There was a flash of something before his eyes, lightning-quick.
“I was raised in an evangelical fundamentalist house,” he said. “Not the best place for a gay kid, that’s for sure. Lots of rules. Weird ones, even against nudity while bathing. Stuff I didn’t know was weird until later. All you know is what you know.”
He didn’t understand why sharing an evening with Dean in the way that he had somehow changed everything.
All at once, he was more naked than he had ever been before in his life.
“Crucifixes too. That sunlight thing is a lie,” Dean said confidently. Then he gave Cas a puzzled look. “Huh. No idea. Must’ve picked it up as folklore somewhere or another though. Eat your pie.”
“And so all the opposite stuff had to be right. Right? Good stuff. Truth. Faith. Hope. Love.”
A white stone sat on his ring finger.
“Yeah, c’mon, that’s it,” Dean said.
“Yeah, what’s that?” asked Sam, wandering into the kitchen to grab a beer.
"Pay no attention to my brother," Sam signed to Eileen. "He imagines himself a gunslinger. He spent a few years in the colonies and now thinks he's American."
A hell of a feat for an angel.
There was something pulling at the edges of his consciousness.
Still, he made no move to give Dean instructions like before, or to touch him like before, almost as if he were afraid of the intensity of his feelings.
“Dean,” said Castiel, trying again. “Will you do me the honor of – of – I would like to begin a courtship, if you are amenable.”
“Close enough.”
Dean put that away!” Sam said, alarmed, as he ran to the window and drew the curtains after peering out to check there was nobody out there. “You want to get us kicked out of here or something?”
Whether it's the drifter and hobo community of the United States, or the Traveller and Roma community of the UK/Europe, or the Bedouin people of north Africa/the Middle East, no matter where you find them, nomadic lifestyles are looked upon with confusion and pity, or worse, extreme suspicion, if not outright disgust, by those who have chosen stationary lives.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Uh, okay, cool. Anyway, I'm glad we got our shit together after all this time, Cas, believe me," said Dean. "I never thought this could happen."
(See the end of the chapter for
He stared up into the branches of the tree.
He opened the door to find
He dozed off a little.
“When I came back to myself, my cell phone had several missed calls. So that means Michael never answered, while he was piloting my vessel.”
"He wants to talk to you again," he said.
The people didn’t seem to mind, now that they knew the truth.
Dean gaped at him, openmouthed, speechless; sudden and violent, his body seized up, and he came on a silent scream.
There was a knocking sound.
Once fully seated, Dean panting against him, Castiel caressed his back, kissing him again and again, as Dean pet the feathers of his wings.
Something in Dean’s mind fell into place, ticking over like a clock.
Dean recoiled, as Sam laid a warning hand on his elbow.
Castiel had never seen anything so beautiful.
Dean breathed out. He breathed in.
For so many of them, this has always been a hard road, and this highway ain't never been blessed.
Then he unzipped his pants.
Dean broke it off; as a human, despite not technically being in physical form, he was accustomed to taking a breath.
The girl smiled and snapped her gum.
“I had need of – of – ”
Like that bitch Naomi said that one time.
even, at times, from myself.
“Where are you from?” Dean tried.
"Dean," said Castiel warmly, and how had Dean not noticed before?
"You want to take me, don't you? But you can't."
They raised the wall for a new building with the townspeople who had come to assist, preparing for a great house to be raised there on the prairie.
something, with the hunger and lust in Castiel's eyes he could also see reflected in the mirror.
room for one more, Tildy!" he said jovially. "Welcome to Fitzgerald House. Garth Fitzgerald IV at your service."
The food was
this sacred, secret thing –
A week after that, they had arrived here, in what some called
Dean was lost, euphoric; Castiel could feel it through their connection, a spiral that brought him higher still.
“And garlic bread.”
Dean’s eyes widened.
He glanced briefly at Castiel and wondered if that’s what went through his head at all times too – protect Dean.
“How do you like your beloved angel now?” Michael taunted. “More monster than guardian, wouldn’t you say?”
“I’m worried about Cas, ‘kay?” he muttered, grumpy. “Haven’t heard a peep from him in weeks, hell, maybe months. You know that don’t always mean he’s been up there doing choir practice or whatever.”
"How about - "
He took a deep breath.
But the stars in Sam's eyes...
Dean woke, startled, to see Castiel swimming toward him, easy strokes and a soft, fond smile on his face.
“Yeah, you know how those hippy dippy types always say weird shit like
Castiel was looking at him.
"Ew."
“I’m sure he’s okay.”
“Ten-four,” said Dean, and followed his brother out into the watery sunlight.
"What was that?" Dean demanded.
“Aw, damn,” said Dean, disappointed.
at me for finally getting you an angel slice?"
Dean gave him the hard side-eye.
He hauled himself out of the water beside Dean, who looked away, out of some misguided sense of modesty, Castiel guessed.
“That’s,” said Dean, and found himself world-weary.
A few dead leaves swept past, scraping along the asphalt.
, that he’s wearing some guy like a suit and – and – ”
He had never chosen to fall for Dean in the way that he had; in the moments of the war that were the hardest, after he had told Anna he was nothing like her, he had abandoned those who cared about him and abandoned his own kind only to find himself going far further than Anna ever did, to lose himself in the incredible beauty of Dean.
“Well yeah,” said Sam, and now the big sad eyes and Dean was under attack, “but it’s not like you haven’t done it before, Dean!”
Dean blinked.
Yeah, I read the books. Riveting. Heartbreaking. Saccharine.”
“Whoa. This is – this is
The waitress stood up, hand on hip.
But that was as ridiculous as the offer, of course, and Castiel refused to entertain it.
Dean!" Sam reminded him. "Hell,
you make me blasphemous, you make me want to sin, I want to possess you in ways that have not been invented yet, I want you on your knees in prayer and worship to me, to me always, to me only, I am so –
“It’s like the Arabian Nights,” Sam spoke up. “You remember, Dean? You used to love to play pretend, find jewel caches, all of that.”
Castiel lifted his wings.
"I survived your time as a cowboy in the colonies, did I not?"
“Hell, Sam,” said Dean, finally cracking a smile. “You could give old Jalopy Fred a run for his money.”
“I know it’s real, Sam. We just gotta find it. What’s one more road trip?”
is a fine country house," Castiel remarked. Dean laughed.
“Gabriel believed that the soul was seeking rebirth,” said Castiel. “He knew I had been – I had fallen, but I was given the opportunity to return. He was the one to give me hope.”
Your job is not to be Goody Smith who points fingers at whoever because they offended your Puritan sensibilities. This is just bullying for the sake of it, plain and simple.
The early morning sunlight bathed the coffeeshop in gold.
Dean was getting a first-hand look at just what an asshole he could be, as he mounted the stairs.
Of shared Christmases, of cooking together, of all those many different worlds in which they were not what they were, but had the freedom to choose, and the freedom to choose each other.
But all things about social interaction still puzzled Dean.
“A distraction. But as you know, angelic memory deletion is not necessarily functional or permanent in angels themselves.”
The waterfall plunged thin but strong down the side of the green mountain, making mist at the pool, bright turquoise in the light of the day. The green jungle surrounded the place, and parrots flew above them.
Maybe, just maybe, he allowed himself to wonder if he should discuss this problem with Castiel.
And suddenly, Dean was being kissed.
“So what the fuck is wrong with Castiel?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked across the room to see a bed in the far corner.
“How’d you go from blushing virgin to – ”
a joke and a boast of a name to speak normally in the land of the Indians;
he shouted sternly at himself, terrified that whatever had been possessing him to fantasize about Castiel lately was about to jump ship.
Castiel's huge black wings were puffed up, almost like he was agitated - or literally
to me, she – ”
Dean, out of his mind with need, crawled into Castiel's lap and left searing kisses on the seam of his lips, tired of waiting and wanting with all of his being, not understanding the hurricane he had been swept up into, only knowing it was there.
Castiel’s jaw dropped.
“Nice. Consent is sexy. Whatever. But how do you differentiate what Balthasar was doing with what you’ve done?”
“I’ll call you,” said Dean.
"Good, then we'll use that," said Castiel. "If you are ever uncomfortable, at any time, for any reason, I need you to tell me. Understood?"
"Yes, sir."
“But I have been inconstant.”
Then there was uproarious applause, because they would have clapped for anything at that point.
“Subterfuge.”
“Haha. Funny. I’d like to see you try.”
Precome spattered softly onto the sheets beneath him.
“If it’s therapy, the answer is absolutely not. Those fuckers did enough.”
"I think that's enough for this evening," Castiel eventually told him, standing up and helping Dean out of the panties. "Thank you so much for this gift, Dean."
“Uh huh, sure, buddy,” muttered Dean, and the waitress stopped off to set a plate of red velvet cake in front of him.
was the crazy one.
See you on the road.
Another of the three-pronged vines extended from Castiel, and firmly attached itself to the cervix. Inside the mouth of the vine, a protuberance pressed itself into the opening of the cervix and pushed it open further.
Dean blinked at him, uncomprehending, because
Love shone in his eyes, a deep green now, matching the surrounding forest.
only for a love borne of knowing those hundred thousand desert suns,
The very thought sent him into a murderous rage.
to hear you shout at the height,
"You know how the young master loves these," she said.
life," said Samuel. "And that is what those of our class do. Many of them have family crests relating to their feats of courage in wartime. None of them are still crawling about the blasted heath looking for monsters!"
“Thanks Cas,” said Dean.
"A week or so at the most."
Castiel knew, over the centuries, that many humans had felt much the same.
Despite popular imagination, angels could be impatient and impulsive, just like their human counterparts. Castiel’s patience had run out.
Then with a little shove from Sam, said:
“Yeah! That’s it! What is it? Where is it?”
you drive me so fuckin’ crazy,” said Dean. “Gonna make you feel so good, shit,
“And I assume there are measures in place to prevent panic.”
Dean leaned into it, unable to help himself, chasing Castiel's heat.
“The Star Bar – ” Dean began, hesitant.
He was in the coffeeshop, and Castiel was beautiful.
he reminded himself,
stuck in my head for the duration of writing this one!
Dean’s brows knit together, and he let go of Castiel.
Dean woke to something that smelled
somehow, like debauchery, like vice, like sin.
“Thanks, but it wasn’t exactly necessary.”
He walked toward them like water, and greeted them with a smile, white against the tan of his skin.
Castiel was thunderstruck.
Interestingly, upon looking into Castiel's story recitation here, it turns out that most epic poetry/storytelling from this time used something called parataxis - a stream of consciousness oral tradition using varied words for rhythm! So we see some relationship with those long-ago days, and with drifter poetry now.
After it closed, he spent time in his rooms, just like a human would do.
And I think that says all that needs saying.
Here, he folded a kerchief he would never use.
perhaps
“I can’t, Dean,” Sam told his brother. “This monster’s already got the jump on us,
He had been silent, instead of informing them that he would be in attendance at the event as Dean's guest.
“I hope Cas figures this shit out soon. I want to be out of this shithole town.”
They lay there for a while, wrapped in each other, looking over the city.
as he went to bed with strangely un-sexual thoughts about Castiel's steadfastness as a wall Dean could lean on and his heart had ached for reasons unknown.
Castiel just smiled up at him beatifically, head pillowed on an arm, arm pillowed on a wing.
For example, I have recently read things involving the overuse of extremely tedious, constant modern consent terminology that wasn't even common in the 2010s let alone for the bedroom behavior of people growing up in the 80s-90s, *and* definitely not the type of behavior exhibited in-universe by these characters in any way. Yes, consent is a good thing! But this piece-by-piece way of behaving is not something common in this particular age group of people and especially people like Dean, Sam, anyone that grew up at that time. I have also read things where the use of slang that is way way too modern and would never be used by this particular demographic. The one that always sticks out to me is using 'blowie' for 'blowjob'-  who started that and when? It sounds very stupid as slang in the first place but bizarre coming out of Dean's mouth to me and I figure it is either British or modern American slang because I have literally never heard it before in my life.
“Dean,” Castiel groaned, his face mangled from where she had been hitting him with a wrench. “Go.”
“Sorry for, uh,” said Dean. “That.”
Dean's annoyance and puzzlement with things like 'guys night' and 'girls night' are exactly how most drifters think, because there is so little in the way of gender/sex segregation. Everything is more fluid on the road, gender and sexuality included. When you live outside of society things tend to be very different. It's odd that the push in the 70s was to make toys and films gender-neutral while today people are going at the gender separation thing hardcore among those who stand still.
He shook his head at himself, hurriedly stripping, shoving his clothing into a hole in the wall he'd found, and wondering what the hell all that was about - but it had been a
No one could see
at hiding things, including their inebriation.
This was not the only secret Castiel held close to his own heart. He had others even more spectacular.
" said Dean. "Anyway, they weren't the sexy kind of tentacles."
His stomach seemed to have settled, and he finally stood, wobbling a little as he made it over to the basin to wash his hands in the sink.
Dean gave him a look of surprise.
“Thank you for the entertaining stories,” said Castiel softly. “But it’s time.”
"Very good, sir."
“I guess,” he said. “Forty years in Hell for me, more for you. A little over forty years here. A little over forty years in the real world.”
"You sure this is the right address?"
“I am not the one under discussion here. You are,” he said.
Dean rubbed the palms of his hands down his thighs, over the denim of his jeans, as he thought about what Cas was saying.
Dean’s head fell back against the wall.
Dean stared at him.
"Yeah, checked that out too, you're welcome," said Rufus. "Did any of you even look? No? Didn't think so. Well, as it turns out, there
crazy.
“Besides, we only enjoyed this world for a little while,” said Sam. “This place is wonderful, but...it’s not home. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to help you. I know that Heaven won’t be exactly like our world. But this world – it isn’t
"You fellows who attended the schools don't seem to have the education to know something so simple! Hyacinth always,
Dean took Castiel’s hand and guided it to his hard cock.
Castiel glowered and folded his arms.
Garth arrived with his retinue and did not make any allusion to the fact that Castiel had not looked for any land on his behalf - he and the servants moved into a few of the buildings that had been constructed and that was that.
So Dean tossed and turned for a while, thinking:
"Got it," said Castiel.
But then –
“I – uh. Well. Sam’s here, so – couple hundred years, give or take?”
He needed to get laid.
you promised?” Dean asked. “C’mon, Cas. Fuck me up.”
"I didn't quite mean to, sir."
“Excellent deduction, Dean,” said another voice, dry and light. “I had rather hoped you’d figure things out a little sooner, but a good showing nonetheless.”
about it, but it was difficult to define.
the black tar had come to take Castiel away from him forever.
And there was Castiel, handsome as ever, barefoot and tan, wearing loose cotton trousers and a white buttondown shirt that hid very little of his excellent physique.
Dean, startled, drew back, snatching his hand away from the tree.
"So you decide to stop me contacting my younger self so we could stop this trainwreck before it ever left the station."
He'd turn a corner, and Dean was there. The hallway was empty, and Dean drew close to him, lips close enough for Castiel to feel Dean's breath on his own.
"Aw, don't be like that," said the woman. "I can see when someone's got the grumps."
“Yeah,” said Dean. “Apparently hit with some kinda spell. It was a doozy. He’s been doin’ nothin’ but apologizing this whole time.”
Castiel did not wish to break this silence.
Dean thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a twenty-dollar hamburger washed down with water, he fell asleep on silk sheets for the first time.
the guy's offering
Suddenly, he grunted, low and dirty and earthy, and he was
I realize this note is long and a little all over the place but the point I suppose I am trying to make is this:
They had gone cold.
I invite you to participate in one of our meets, and imagine yourself as a drifter or hobo with a seat pulled up around the fire.
thought Dean.
He had poured champagne from the bottle into two glasses he had brought for the occasion, and they traded tipsy, strawberries-and-cream-flavoured champagne kisses, unable to stop smiling and laughing for no reason, completely lost in each other.
The last leaves had finally fallen.
He sent a quick prayer to whoever was listening that this was not the abomination some hipsters assumed was
He locked up the night library and walked the cobblestone streets toward home.
Dean whistled.
“Clearly you do, or he wouldn’t be back here either,” said Sam.
Something about this information caused Castiel to relax a bit.
“Okay,” Dean finally relented. “Okay. Fine. You got it.”
"I'd kinda had something else in mind," murmured Dean, staring at Castiel's zipper.
like vacations he'd seen advertised in travel agent brochures and magazines, when he had run across them - vacations a man like him might never experience, as he'd assumed he'd live and die exclusively on American soil.
They sat there, staring at each other.
Castiel loudly insisted on paying, and Dean let him.
This one was just silly fun to write. Hope you enjoyed it!
There are an awful lot of ‘me-me-me’ types out there these days who clutch at their pearls and would get knocked over by a feather. I’ve read accounts I found ridiculous in how soft people seem to be nowadays. If you don’t like what you’re reading, leave. If you don’t like something,
“Please. Castiel.”
the sea became sky, and all he could think about was how both matched the shade of Castiel's eyes at different times of day.
“For years, at this point, yes,” said Castiel. “I couldn’t pinpoint an exact time. Maybe from the very beginning.”
Who was standing there with his fists in his pockets, whistling softly, and absolutely
Spain is, like the United States, more like a group of countries that have tacitly agreed to pretend to be one single country.
They quieted down and paused in the hallway.
feeling hunted.
"Yes. And in the meantime, I'd suggest that we continue our work here, with the Sacred Band. We are skilled fighters, after all."
him, the way Castiel had called out
“Flight leaves in three hours,” Sam said, as he came through the door of their hotel room. “We better get a move on.”
Cas slowly sits back down on the edge of the bed. "I thought I had... made you upset, or uncomfortable, or something. That you would prefer it if I disappeared for a while."
"Really?" Dean asks incredulously, "well you know what, I could eat. I'll come with you."
Dean flops down on his bed, grabbing his laptop and putting his earphones in, opening Netflix and trying to figure out what to watch.
"Want to go back to the dorm and... hang out?" Cas asks timidly.
"I'm not a lost dog," Dean snaps, "I didn't get 'neglected'."
"Yes. Gabriel." Cas smiles at his friend. "Money does not make up for psychological abuse. You still have my permission to murder Michael if you so choose."
“You wanna go through my texts, babe?” he jokes. “Check out who I was with while you were out?”
Cas nods, quickly finishing pulling on his coat. "I'm ready."
"Ok," Dean says before frowning, "wait, who are you having lunch with?" he asks, assuming that Cas wouldn't be hurrying to a dinner on his own. Maybe he was? After all, Dean had only met him that day.
"I don't think your hair liked being combed," Dean says gravely, staring at Cas' head. The permanently messy bed head is still messy. Just now, it's kind of frizzy as well.
"Yeah, they really are," Gabe agrees, frowning at their brothers, "are you two going to sort yourselves out?"
"Bye," Dean says, tears already welling up in his eyes again. He doesn't know why he's surprised that Gabe is leaving, Dean is poison. Everyone always leaves him because he's too horrible for anyone to stick around.
!" Gabriel shouts. "What the hell is wrong with you two?"
"Oh," Cas says eloquently, kissing him again. He tastes good.
"Well, I kind of have to, since two of my classes are still at the high school."
Cas nods. "Fantastic."
Sam's expression turns angry as he stands up. "Then why can't you be happy for me for once in your miserable life?"
"How could you help with falling asleep?" Dean asks in confusion, "seriously dude, you're not
"What kinds of clothes does one typically buy for casual wear?"
"No, not at all," Dean reassures quickly, "that's exactly what was going on. It was a joke."
"I'm not sure what there is to do," Cas replies. "What do you suggest?"
"Cas misses the shit out of you," Gabriel replies. "I don't take constructive criticism. Come on, let's go."
They drive.
Cas deliberately ignores the look on Dean's face as he makes his way out into the hall.
Cas nods slowly. "Alright," he says, then actually does lift Dean out of the car and carry him to their room.
"He will not make any unwanted advances, no," Cas replies. "Definitely not on jailbaits such as your brother. He'll take care of him."
"What are you going to do today?" Cas asks as they walk, just to make conversation.
Cas makes a face at him. "How dare you target me like this."
But backing up further.
Cas smiles softly at him, almost as if he can read his mind. "That's kind of funny."
"I think you're living in my house for the next several days, or at least until you can get your act together."
Dean stares up at Cas, a blush steadily spreading across his face, "that was extremely rude," he mutters after a moment, getting his feet back underneath him and quickly standing back up, trying to hide how flustered he now is.
Cas smiles and slides into the car. "Away we go, I guess."
Cas shrugs. "You only have one appendix. What would you like to do?"
"Yeah," Cas says, standing up to get them. "I'll give you a minute. I'll be right outside."
Dean stares at his brother, "why do you look so shocked? Also Cas, that is a lie. It is that big."
"But I know you," Cas says quietly. "And you're better than that."
"Why does that make you horrible? Also there's a difference between empathy, and changing your life just so you don't hurt someone's stupid feelings."
"You guys are idiots," Sam says.
Cas laughed. "I suppose. My father is... somewhat of an eccentric gentleman."
"Seriously!" Dean hisses, leaning across the table and glaring at his brother and Gabriel. Gabriel wisely stays silent, recognizing the protective older brother in Dean and knowing better than to cross him. Gabe himself is an older brother, and he knows he would murder people for Cas.
"Ok, I'm not calling you either of those," he announces with a small smile, "I'm gonna call you Cas."
"Obviously," Cas says like it's a stupid question.
When it finally seems as though they’ll be able to hold themselves together, Cas shakes his head. “But no, in seriousness, they were out of quiet literally everything I was asked to buy. I’ll be going to Safeway tomorrow when they open to see if they have anything there.”
"I just meant, where do you think this is going?"
"Indeed, we are. We have a history nerd, a theater nerd, a film nerd, a science nerd... any kind of nerd you can think of, and there's one in the Novak family." Cas smiled. "We are formidable."
Dean doesn't see Cas for months. Eventually, Gabriel comes and talks to him.
Cas smiles. "I'll be waiting," he promises.
"Yeah, all of my tats have stories behind them. Maybe I'll tell you the stories one day."
Dean relaxes into the hug for a moment, wishing that he could just stay there for the whole day. He sighs, pulling away regretfully and saying, "bye," before starting to walk to his fist lecture.
Dean looks up. "Why are we idiots?"
Cas wakes up before Dean and nearly falls out of the bed. "What did I do?" he whispers.
"Your
"Well, we're gonna work on that," Cas decides. "But for now, time to go home."
Dean doubles over in laughter then, and Cas follows. Their bodies shake uncontrollably and the room echoes with peals of joyous sound for several minutes. They finally get themselves under control, only to meet each other’s eyes and lose it again.
Dean turns around quickly, trying to hide his blush. Why is he even blushing? He isn't a thirteen-year-old girl.
"Cas," Dean mutters quietly, breaking the silence. He has given up on trying to get back to sleep - or hoping the ground would swallow him up - and all he can do now is hope that Cas will let him down gently.
Dean freezes unsure of what to do. He can't lie, being carried by Cas seems very appearing, especially not that he isn't delirious with pain and he now knows that Cas is his soulmate. And there is the very reason he can't. He can't let his one sided attraction ruin what they have. Cas is his own person who should make his own choices, It would be unfair of Dean to get his hopes up, when Cas will never love him back.
"Hey baby bro!" Gabe chuckles, "anyone would think you don't want to see me!"
"Oh yeah, definitely," Gabe agrees.
Dean pauses for a moment, glancing away from the road for just long enough to glare at Cas, "of course I care, you're my friend, and I don't know what you could possibly say that could change my opinions of you." He keeps his voice firm, so that Cas knew he isn't joking or messing around.
"No," Cas tells him. "And please don't tell me. Let's go."
"Okay," Dean says, not looking up from the computer, "Do you want to watch The Avengers? It's been a while since I've seen it."
The waiter finishes taking their orders and walks off, leaving the four of them to talk. Dean is still frowning down at his brother and Gabe's hands, but he tries to move on a bit. "So how long are you staying for?" he asks Sam.
"I'm fine," Cas says, his thumb making long, careful strokes across his wrist.
“I- I’m demiromantic,” Cas repeats in a hushed, choking tone of voice.
?" Cas demands. "You met me yesterday!"
"Don't go," Dean says, his mind still reeling as it tried to come up with the answer he needed, "you're my soulmate?"
Cas started to slowly work his way down Dean's body, gently pressing at different parts. Dean hissed through his teeth when Cas pressed down just above his left hipbone, and he froze. "Oh."
Sam sighs. "I hate how much I love you, Dean."
"Come on, get your feet moving," Dean chuckles, "I'm not dragging you all the way to the car."
Dean just blinks at Cas. "What?" he asks confused. Well, his brain has some ideas, but he isn't going to even consider those ideas until Cas has clarified.
"Really?" Gabe says with a laugh, "and yet somehow, Cas has managed it."
Dean stills, Cas. Cas was here. Where was here though? He blinks his eyes open slowly, squinting in the light as he tries to figure out what's going on, without letting the panic he can feel creeping in consume him.
Cas sighed. "I'm sorry. He told me to ask you about it. He said you 'had some shit' and that you need more people to care about you, so... here I am. Caring about you."
"Of course you do," Dean laughs. He thinks of all the things he counts as achievements, fucking up and actual achievements included. His biggest achievement has to be protecting Sam all those years with John, but that seems a bit too heavy - a bit too revealing - to tell Cas about. Instead he opts for the stupid story.
"I..." Cas trailed off. "I don't get it."
Cas laughs. "I'm just glad we're going home."
Cas feels a huge smile split across his face. "I did it!"
Dean walks as quickly as he can back to his baby, desperate to be back with Cas and hating that he feels this way. How is it possible that falling in love with - and finding out you're soulmates with - your friend could change so much.
Sam glances at him. "Yeah, I kinda got that impression too. What say we get out of here?"
"I don't doubt that for a second," Dean mutters.
Cas walks over to the passenger door and stands next to it, waiting for Dean to unlock the car.
Cas sighs heavily. He hadn't realized how nervous he'd been that Dean would be angry. "Alright. Well as soon as they decide you're fit for release I can drive you back home. Congrats on your appendectomy."
"Yeah but that's just because he's known me my entire life so knows my tells. If I sit on my hands or something, he would have no idea how I'm feeling."
*****
Dean shook his head and threw Cas a smirk.  He wasn’t thrilled about Meg’s octopus routine, but he did enjoy seeing Cas flustered.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the flash of MacLain’s mirror.  The signal!  He thought.  He moved back to the blaster box and checked his watch.  It was time.  Castiel held his breath and depressed the plunger, pushing down with both hands and all his weight.  He counted the seconds backwards from 15 - 15, 14, 13...3, 2, 1.  Castiel felt the blast before he heard it.  He scrambled for Grace’s reigns as the ground trembled beneath them.  She panicked but Castiel moved faster than he thought himself capable of and vaulted onto her back.  Castiel looked back and saw the water start spilling over the crack they’d blown in the rock dam.  He barely touched Grace with his heels and she was off.  He leaned forward and held on for dear life as he raced to the western rim of the canyon.
Cas stepped forward and grabbed the lapels of Dean’s jacket in his fists and pulled him in. Just before their lips met, he whispered, “Me too. But you’re hotter.”
Cas looked up from the map he’d been studying.  “According to this map and Sam and Bobby’s reconnaissance, this area is a dry river bed leading into a bottleneck canyon,” he said pointing to an area on the map.
Asshole, Dean thought. Who runs INTO traffic? Do people have zero self-preservation skills these days? He shrugged. Dean pulled back onto the road and hoped he wasn’t too late for the meeting.
Betty, who was probably old enough to be Dean’s grandmother, rolled her eyes. “Save it, Winchester. They’re in there.” She nodded her head toward Principal Milton’s office.
Sam came up to both of them, then, and hugged them in his big stupid moose arms and Dean held his son and let the tears fall.
Dean looked from Cas to Sam to Bobby.
Fuck it, thought Dean. It had been too long since he’d let off a little steam.
Dean plunged his hand into the warm, soapy water, withdrew a clean plate and handed it to Cas.  Cas rinsed and wiped it dry before setting on the counter top.  Dean was lost in thought when he absent-mindedly handed a dish to Cas and his fingers brushed over Dean’s.  Dean pulled back suddenly and would have broken a dish if not for Cas’s reflexes.
Dean shook his head. No, he thought. He wasn’t going to go there. He let his cocky, arrogant persona fall over him and got ready to defend Ben to whatever bs they were accusing him of this time.
She waved a manicured hand in his direction and then toward the door at the opposite corner of the room.
Cas moved back up to kissing him, his mouth demanding. Dean could barely keep up. He worked to untie Cas’s shirt and when he finally succeeded he slipped it from Cas’s shoulders. Dean leaned back, surprised.
Dean had stopped breathing.  He’d expected poetry or something flowery from Cas given his reading preferences.  Instead he got Cas’s raw, honest feelings.  It was perfect.
“Hello Dean,” Cas said.
“Son of a bitch!” he yelled.
“What do you mean?”
*****
Dean punched his brother lightly on the shoulder.  Sam mock-overreacted “Ouch, Jerk!”
Dean shook his head and laughed softly to himself as Gabriel walked off to his car.
Dean met Cas’s eyes.
Castiel answered by leaning forward and gently pressing his lips to Dean’s.  Dean kissed him back.  They traded kisses until both were breathless and Dean pulled Castiel to him again with his left arm.
“Try me,” he said, hoping Cas could hear his smirk if he couldn’t see it.
“I’d like to,” Cas answered, “I love mac and cheese.”
Suddenly he grabbed the pole with both hands and pulled himself into a perfect horizontal flag. From there he extended first one leg and then the other, doing the splits mid-air all while holding his chest and torso in the horizontal position. Dean was impressed despite himself and despite the fact that the man’s moves had nothing to do with the music. The Angel pulled and slid and twisted himself into one crazy, contorted Cirque de Soleil position after another. He ended with his legs wrapped around the pole, upside down, hands braced against the floor, wearing only a sequined black and gold g-string, the black mask and antenna, and what looked like copious amounts of body glitter.
“Sure,” Ben answered.  He wore his best khakis and a white buttoned up shirt and a tie.  Where the hell did that kid find a tie, thought Dean.  He just shook his head, scraping the rest of the potatoes into the lidded casserole dish.
Cas walked slowly up to Dean and stopped next to him.  “Hello, Dean,” he said quietly.
Cas pushed him back with his free hand.  “Dean, we can’t,” he hissed.  “Not here.”
“Dean - I’m ready.  I’m good, Dean - please -” Cas panted as Dean tore open the condom with his teeth and rolled it over his cock.  He flipped open the lube and coated himself.
“Mmm...ticklish?” Dean asked.
*****
“Now,” Cas said, “You’re going to lay there Dean, and I’m going to ride you until I come.” Dean thought the show might be over too fast if Cas said anything else.  Cas leaned over, keeping his grip on Dean’s hair, his lips a hair's breadth away from Dean’s. “And if you come before I do, I will be very...vexed.”
“Ben,” Novak said quietly, “Why did you sell papers - why did you think you needed to help? ”
The front door opened and Dean sprang to his feet.  Ben stepped out.  Dean took a step toward him but Ben held his hand out.
“Yes, Dean!” Cas shouted and came over Dean’s hand.  Dean followed.  He was convinced there was nothing sexier in this world than Cas coming undone.
“Yes, my friends call me ‘Cas,’” he said. “Dean, isn’t it?”
*****
Cas stood.  “I’ll help clean up.  I should make myself useful after such a wonderful meal.  Sam, Jess, thank you, everything was amazing.  I especially enjoyed the mashed potatoes.”
The two men maneuvered the third man onto the table.  Castiel glanced over the man who had passed out from what seemed to be a combination of pain and blood loss.  A bullet wound pierced the man’s left shoulder and left leg was a bloody and twisted mess below the knee.  Castiel swore to himself and said a silent prayer to a god he no longer believed was listening that he would not have to take this man’s leg.
“You’re right, Dean,” Cas said, quietly.
“I hope you’re not too tired - I can go change -” Cas started, rubbing the back of his neck and looking down at the floor.
Castiel sighed and relaxed into the space between Dean’s chest and shoulder.  Well, maybe he could have this moment, anyway.
As he entered the door to the party, he paid his cup fee to the sorority girls giggling at his kilt and shrugged, smiling wide and winking at them.  A note of pain made him wince as he brushed his coat over his right wrist.  He soothed his fingers over the rope burn on his wrist, a souvenir from Cas’s “encouragement” session.  Well, he figured, he could put up with a little skirt wearing if it meant making his super hot boyfriend happy.  Because when Cas was happy, Dean was happy.  Exhausted, but happy.  Someone filled his cup with beer and he went to look for Cas.
After a few minutes, Dean pulled back, laughing.  “Damn, Cas, I need to breathe,” he said.  Cas looked pissed.
Cas nodded slightly. “I don’t know all of the details, and you have to keep this quiet, but I supposed if Jess trusts you…”
“And you,” Dean asked, “any more ‘moonlighting?’” He couldn’t help the smirk he was sure he was making.
“Dammit, Cas you ruined my shirt.”
Dean snorted.  “I think the word you’re looking for is ‘unlawful,’ Cas.  Alistair promised to let Sam go if I traded myself for him.”  Dean shrugged.  “I didn’t think about it.”
“Oh, I’m sure having you as a teacher is very motivating,” drawled Meg. Cas looked down, the blush on his cheeks deepening.  Dean was not amused.  Flirting was one thing, but open flirting at Thanksgiving dinner was not cool.
“Ben is doing very well, Mr. Winchester,” Cas cut him off, his voice emphasizing the Mr. part of addressing Dean.  “In fact, I have zero complaints or issues - about Ben.  Do you have any questions?” he asked, avoiding Dean’s eyes, his voice cold and distant.
In medical school they try to prepare you for the certainty that you will lose a patient.  Doctors are notorious for gallows humor and other strange coping mechanisms.  Death is our ever-present enemy and we fight him constantly and vigilantly guarding ourselves with knowledge and medicine like a medieval knight bore shield and sword.  But in war...in war Death is not our enemy but our constant companion.  We court him with our actions, our decisions.  Unlike the knight, we are armor-less, defenseless before him.
Dean felt his arm flex and draw back before his brain caught up. Cas held his arm back, though, and prevented him from punching Milton in his smug, stupid face and making things a hundred times worse.
Dean stifled a grunt, “‘m fine.”
Dean looked at Cas and he felt his eyes well up and tears start to slide down his cheeks.  “Alistair,” he explained.  “That sick son of a bitch killed my parents, Cas.”
*****
Dean opened his eyes and smiled lazily.  “Mornin’ Cas,” he drawled.
Dean straightened up his collar and tucked the ends of his shirt into the waistband of a pair of his nicer jeans.  Dammit, now he’d need a belt, he thought.  He wished they could host.  If Dean had his way he’d spend the whole day in sweats, but he tried to humor Jess and her somewhat stuffy family.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean growled, “right here.  You okay with that?”
“Yeah, Dad’s great at comfort food.  You should try his mac and cheese,” Ben added.
“Mr. Winchester we-” Principal Milton started, holding his hands out in a placating gesture.
“Cas, I-” he started. “Until I met you Cas, I didn’t know how broken I was.  It was like a piece of me was missing and no matter what I did or where I looked, I couldn’t find it.  And then I met you and now - now I finally know what it’s like to feel whole.  I love you, Cas.  I’ll always love you and I’ll do my damnedest to make you happy, if you’ll let me,” he finished.  He gulped, hoping Cas wouldn’t be so angry at his piss-poor attempt at vows that he walked off right then and there.
Chapter 9:  Everything I Do
Too deeply to tell.” - Lord Byron
“Whatever you say, Pal, whatever you say.”
Dean didn’t pay attention to much of what Bobby said.  He mind wandered off in anticipation of what was to come.  After a meal provided by Ellen and Jo of Harvelle’s, Dean was looking forward to carrying Cas over the threshold of the cabin they’d been building on the north side of the meadow.  And then he was looking forward to breaking in the bed he’d made Cas as a wedding present.
“Do you normally do ALL of your laundry at once?” Dean asked.  He snuck a peak at Cas’s face, careful to keep his eyes trained on Cas’s.
Dean shrugged.  “I dunno.  Healing is hungry work,” he said around a mouthful of pie.
Gabriel cleared his throat.  “Please pass the honey,” he said.
“I want to be with you,” he said, growling and poking his finger into Dean’s chest.  Dean looked down at where Cas’s finger pushed into his chest.
“God, I love your hands,” he murmured, mouthing at the inside of Cas’s wrist.  Cas gasped as Dean moved up his arm, tongue trailing over the inside of Cas’s elbow, over his biceps, and finally down the outside of his armpit.  Cas huffed out a laugh at that.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed.
*****
“Dammit, I gotta run Ben to the dance after work.”
Dean let out a breath.
Playlist Link:  https://open.spotify.com/user/fmpkbmc2660vuwiz90ex7972l/playlist/2gFN12deuCmTLCOkvQtTrp
“What’s wrong?!” Dean yelled.  “What’s wrong is she was all over you!”
Dean smiled at the memory even as he struggled to get his kilt to cooperate.  He’d chosen a green-based plaid with stripes of sky blue and thinner, intersecting stripes of gold.  Paired with a plain black t-shirt and his ancient combat boots and leather jacket from his punk phase he supposed he didn’t look too ridiculous.
Dean returned Cas’s kiss and parted his lips for Cas’s tongue. He kept his hands against the wall, letting Cas set the pace. Cas moved backed slightly and pushed his jacket from his shoulders. Dean let it fall off his arms to the floor, revealing the one-size-too-small strategically ripped black t-shirt he wore under it.
*****
Cas had been living with them for a week and Dean had to admit, it wasn’t so bad.  He cleaned up after himself and usually didn’t walk around half naked.  Dean couldn’t decide if he was relieved or disappointed about that.  They’d only had one awkward moment.  Dean swallowed remembering it.
Dean watched Cas’s pupils dilate and his chest heave.
Cas took a step toward the bed just as Dean finally got his hands out of the dress shirt cuffs. But at the last second, he reached down to grab something from his bag.
The door creaked and Dean looked up to see Cas ushering a couple out of the door.  He shook hands with them and smiled reassuringly.  “Jack’s doing great, Mr. and Mrs. Anderson,” he said.  “You should be proud.”  Mrs. Anderson practically beamed at Cas and touched her cleavage.  Dean snorted.
Dean sighed and threw the ball back to Sam.  It was Sunday, his first one off in weeks and he and Ben were over at Sam and Jess’s to watch the game.  Sam drug him outside at halftime and insisted they “work off the beer calories” by throwing the ball around.  Ben stayed inside to catch up on homework.
Dean didn’t know how to handle this.  He was accustomed to chance encounters and lucky happenstances when it came to people he was attracted to.  He was ill-equipped to deal with living with someone he was attracted to, add to that he was essentially physically dependent on Cas and yeah, Dean was a bit of an emotional mess.  Cas, God bless him, didn’t push.  After their time together and Dean’s revelation, he simply went on about his business.  And that was almost harder for Dean to account for.  He wanted Cas, of course.  He replayed the scenes of Cas’s debauched face - hair standing on end and lips swollen after Dean’s kissing and mussing and the sound of Cas saying his name when he came nearly every night, gripping himself and moaning low into his pillow.  He toyed with the idea of climbing the stairs and indulging in some fantasies he’d been picturing, would Cas be willing.  But the fact that Cas had seen Dean at his worse and hadn’t run screaming - well Dean just didn’t know what to do with that.  He was used to being the stable one, the one who kept it together and kept fighting, for Sam.  So he did nothing.  Real healthy, Winchester, he thought to himself.
Sam glances down at the paper in his hand. "Gabriel Novak. Why?"
Cas took a deep breath. "Yep. Okay. I'm going."
"You should shut your ungrateful mouth," Cas suggested.
Cas is sure he looks positively awful, his face covered in snot and tears, but he laughs in relief and kisses his husband anyway, and for yet another perfect moment to place into the scrapbook of his life, everything is perfect.
Dean can feel tears prickling in his eyes but he tries to ignore them. This is his fault. The best thing which had ever happened to him, and he's managed to drive him away. Just like he always does.
"Really?" Dean asks, interested, "I'll have to bake you one of my own apple pies then, you can judge which one is best." The pie recipe was his mom’s, and she had taught Dean how to bake it as soon as he was old enough to be baking. His entire childhood was punctuated with slices of that pie.
"I'm going to guess our grades, and also probably my dads and your bank account."
Sam kisses his forehead. "Okay. Good. Now finish making food so we can put our plan in action."
"Nice to meet you," Dean says, accepting her hand and giving it a quick kiss in lieu of anything else to do, "I'm Dean and this here," he said gesturing at Cas, "is Castiel."
"Hey don't shout," Dean says, wincing as his head loudly protests to the yell.
"And I'm just telling the truth, bitch."
Dean smiles back, "that's just as well, seeing as we live together and I'm so repressed no one else ever can," he laughs self-deprecatingly as he speaks, thinking of all the things he would say if he could.
Dean sighs as he stares around him. He has a trunk full of boxes and even with Sam and his parents helping him, he has no idea how long it is going to take him to move into his new room.
"You ok?" Dean asks, hearing Cas' annoyed sounding sigh.
"Dean?" Cas asks, alarmed, lunging forward. "Dean, what happened?"
"Who said I have a plan?" Cas replies quietly.
"I doubt it," Dean mutters, glaring at the floor.
Sam lands next to him with Gabriel on his other side, and Sam's arm goes around Gabriel's shoulders like it was designed to be there. Dean feels even sicker than he did a minute ago. Gabriel chuckles and points up at the stage. Dean looks up. It’s Cas.
Dean blinks, unsure what to do now his secret attraction is - well - no longer secret. It doesn't take him long to make a decision. Even if Cas knows, that doesn't change the fact that he wasn't being nice to Cas because of it. "Because you are my friend, and I care about you."
Cas slowly turns back to look at him, wondering if he will be able to somehow miraculously muster the self-restraint not to kiss Dean. "I would do anything for you, Dean," he says honestly.
Cas pretends not to react to the way Dean's fingers feel when they brush against his scalp. He pretends he doesn't enjoy it when Dean pets down one lick that keeps sticking up. Cas pretends, and he has a feeling that with Dean, there is a lot more pretending in his future.
Gabe grins. "Great, cause Sam's comin' over for dinner too and he misses you as much as Cas does."
Dean pulls into the parking lot of In 'N' out, smiling as he turns baby's engine off, the clock says they are a couple of minutes early, and Dean funds his thoughts drifting to how nice it would be to just sit here with Cas - with his soulmate - and wait for Gabe to arrive, just enjoying each others company and listening to music. If only there was a future for them.
Cas curls into his side, Dean's head shifting to his shoulder. "Five more minutes?"
"So you pay attention to me instead of the movie?"
"If I have to," Dean grumbles, even though he knows that Sam has a point and anyway, it will probably do him good to get outside for a bit.
That stops Cas's heart. "You would die for me?"
"Technically he isn't breaking the law," Gabe says before he can stop himself, instantly regretting it when he sees the murder glare sent his way, "technically only I am," he finishes slowly.
"Literally everyone," Dean mutters under his breath. He can hear the strain in Cas' voice, and he knows he should stop, but he needs to know. "Why do you love me?" he asks, his brain happily pointing out it's probably the same reason as anyone else pretends to like him, he has a pretty face and isn't hard to leave when you get bored.
Cas feels himself slump. This wasn't his intended effect at all. He sighs. "Never mind," he says quietly. "I'll just go." He starts to stand up, to go back to his bed and read his book instead because he's screwed it up again, because he can't seem to get through one interaction without messing up.
"Why do you still want me here?"
Dean grunts as he collapses back onto his bed, trying to ignore the stabbing pain which randomly bursts through him. He's exhausted after a long day and is really not in the mood for pain.
"Probably not," Dean says with a shrug, "in pretty stubborn."
"Well," Sam starts, "he'll probably end up babying you, and trying to force you to do whatever he thinks is best. He can be a bit of an asshole - especially in the mornings -" he cuts off, seeing Dean's rapidly falling face. Huh, he must really want to impress this guy. Maybe Sam should be a bit less harsh. "I'm not sure I'd call him a joy to be around, but he's not the worst you could get."
"I do," Cas confirms at the same time that Sam says, "he does."
And he tried to come out to his father. His father slapped him across the face.
"How would you describe showing me your tattoos?"
"Not with other people," Cas tells him. "I'm going to sit on this bed and read."
"Cas," Dean says, his voice a mixture of awe and shock, "you stayed there, waiting for me? Who even are you?"
"Ok, any others?" Dean asks, trying to ignore how Cas' piercing gaze is making him feel.
Cas rolls his eyes again and shoves Dean with his shoulder as they join their brothers. "Good morning, Gabriel," he greets. "Sam."
"Dear god, Dean, would you stop giving me that bitchface?" Sam demands. "I'm supposed to be the bitchy one."
"Yeah," Dean agrees hesitantly, still confused about what's up with Cas. He shakes his worries away, deciding that now's not the time, and begins the drive.
"Yes," Cas admits. "I am uncultured."
Cas smacked him slightly. "You don't know him."
Cas raises one eyebrow. He'd known Dean was attracted to him, but... wow. "Yes, they fit very well," he says pleasantly.
Sam smiles. "Great. Grab your jacket and get in the car."
"I do, I just don't want to see you
Cas laughs, digging it out of his bag. "I'm rereading Animal Farm. When I read it in school, I was so focused on the things they told me to focus on that I never developed an appreciation for the masterful storytelling involved. I'm enjoying going through and rediscovering it, even though I know the plot already."
Dean nods, following Cas to his car with a soft smile.
"We'll figure it out," Bobby says gruffly. "Let me talk to your Pops."
Dean has to bite back multiple screams of pain as he is carried out to the car. He rests his head on Cas' shoulder, trying to remember to breathe and praying the pain would end soon. He knows that if he wasn't seeing the world through a haze of pain, he would have a lot of thoughts about how easily Cas was carrying him, but as it is he's too busy trying not to pass out.
“Yeah,” Cas confesses.
"Wonderful," Cas replies.
"It doesn't matter to me either," Dean says with a sigh, twisting his computer so it was facing Cas, "just put on whatever you want," he offers, too tired to bother deciding for himself.
"Dean's not in love with me," Cas said.
"Seriously?" Dean asks with disgust filling his tone before he can help it. He immediately feels like an asshole but he couldn't help it, Animal Farm was awful. Well, to be fair, Dean has never really read it. He was too busy to read it while in school, all he knew was that he had to bullshit an entire essay about it, and he has never even looked at it since. "Sorry," he mutters, lightly kicking the floor, "that was rude, enjoy rediscovering it I guess."
Cas shakes it off, grinning, and goes to get them a table.
"Oooh," Dean says in a teasing voice, "does that mean you are the nerd nerd, as well as the English nerd?”
Cas can't quite meet those bright green eyes for a while, so instead he grabs his coat and leads the way out the door, only then Dean stops him with a hand on his arm, staring at the coat in awe.
"If you want to. It was just a suggestion." Cas points to the screen. "It caught my eye."
"I'm glad to hear that," Dean says with a smile, "thank goodness you have one family member who doesn't need murdering."
"You did what you thought was needed. In this case it was getting as far away from me as you could."
Dean sighs quietly, raising his eyebrow at Cas' casual confidence. This dude really is just a mystery wrapped in an enigma. One moment he is a dorky guy who lives under a rock, the next he's
When Dean starts worrying his lip and blinking rapidly, Cas knows something's going on. Dean would never admit to being in pain, but he still has tells. "Dean? What's wrong?"
"Yeah, and to be honest he'll get over it as long as everything works out."
Cas looks down. "Because it would mean that I'm important to somebody. And the last time I was important to somebody they ended up dead. I can't- I can't watch Dean end up like that because of me."
"I'm- you know what, ok, should we just watch the movie and ignore this entire conversation?" Dean offers. The thought of Cas paying him attention is making him feel all fuzzy - he is so whipped - and he gets the feeling he should move on before he says something he's going to regret.
"I-" Cas freezes. He doesn't know how to ask for what he wants. "I wanted to watch with you."
"I was prescribed the melatonin!" Cas protests defensively.
"Yeah, I'm just glad we're back," Dean says, trying to gather up the energy needed to sit up and grab his laptop.
Cas nods, not having time to argue while he needs to go chasing after Dean. Dean sighs, climbing into his baby and slamming his head back against the head rest.
Sam smiles and kisses the top of Gabriel's head. He loves being taller than his twenty-one-year-old boyfriend. "He will. For sure. But I'll still lay low a while. I wonder where I'll go when I move out."
"You kissed me."
"I don't think we did," Dean says slowly, thinking the evening over, "we just went to sleep, no big bonding moment that I can remember."
"Seriously?" Dean asks, trying to ignore the weird stab in his heart at Cas suggesting Sam will be his soulmate. He can't understand it, so he will ignore it. Just like everything else in his life. "Or maybe, you will never meet ever, and fate - or whatever - will be stopping you from finding him."
Dean sighs. "Yeah, I know. Sammy's told me plenty about the bitch."
appear on his wrist as his sleeve rides up. He yanks it down. He doesn't need to deal with that right now. "You guys leaving?" Sam asks them as they head toward the door.
better than he was. And I don't need another douchebag dad. And yes, I'm sure about my bad decisions. Christ."
"Are you sure?" Cas prompts, pulling into his parking space.
Sam nods encouragingly, making eye contact with Gabriel across the table.
checking Cas out, he is just trying to find his jean size. That's all. He definitely isn't noticing Cas' muscular legs - he clearly runs a lot. He isn't. All he is noticing is that Cas is slightly smaller than him, and will probably need the size down from him.
“You can come with me anywhere,” he promises, and in that moment he means it with his whole heart. Dean’s eyes shine with something inexplicable for the briefest moment before he breaks the eye contact, steps fully into the car, and slams the door shut.
"Nothing," Cas says a little to quickly. "I'll- I'll tell him for you."
Cas hesitates. "Yes... why?"
"Okay," Dean says slowly, trying desperately to shift Cas' eyes off him before he does something he'll regret, "any patterns?"
"In the way that it stinks and looks like a bomb site," Gabe offers helpfully.
Cas glances at him, swallowing hard. "I- did I?" He thinks back through what he just said. "Yes, I did."
Dean feels himself blushing, the very thought of Cas doing anything to make him laugh making him smile and making his cheeks redden.
Sam smiles at him like his face is about to burst and actually kisses his cheek. "I'm proud of you," he says. "You did good."
"That's true," Dean agrees, "but you won't even know it's them until after you fall in love," he points out, "so there isn't really much point thinking about it."
"Why wasn't high school a great time for me?" Dean clarifies, confusion filling his tone. He just isn't used to anyone other than family caring about his problems, and Cas is definitely not family.
Dean blinks a couple of times, trying to figure out what's going on. He's sitting on the floor, he appears to have fallen off the bed, and it isn't John who was waking him up, it is Cas. "Cas?" he mumbles, "what?"
Cas shrugs. "I have been hanging around you."
"There we go," Gabe nods, even as Dean shakes his head.
"Hey, it's ok," Dean says, "we'll buy these clothes, but if you need someone to talk to about family problems, I'm here."
"Well, everything has its flaws?" Dean mutters carefully, wondering if this means that Cas isn't homophobic. A homophobic person wouldn't have a gaydar would they?
Cas laughs. "Whatever you want. You were the one in the hospital bed."
“This was good,” Dean murmurs. Cas is still grinning. He takes a step forward. “Dean, I’m going to kiss you again, and this time, I’m not going to run.”
"I am. I do not consider this proposed act of violence to be 'needless'."
"Dean!" Cas shouts, shoving his shoulder hard. "Wake up!"
"Oh," Dean says following Cas' eye line, "yeah, you've never seen them before have you."
"Use Sam's phone?"
As Dean re-enters the room, Cas smirks, turning to Sam. "So, your brother claims he is... I believe he said 'a joy to be around'. Is he a good dorm-mate, in your experience? Should I be worried?"
"Cool," Dean says with a smile, looking around, "hey Cas? Do you know where my clothes are?" he asks, flushing red slightly, which is stupid, but he can't control it, so here he is.
"Really," Dean groans in response, and that just shows how out of it he is. He loves karaoke, would normally never turn it down, but right now he just wants to curl up and die and he definitely does not want to go out.
“Dean,” Cas says urgently, shaking Dean’s shoulder.
"Nothing," Dean says instantly on reflex. It gets him multiple annoyed glances, but he doesn't change his answer. There is no point making Cas feel bad about stuff he can't change. That's the past, but Cas is back now so it doesn't matter.
"Thank you Cas," Dean breaths, "You don't know how much that means to me."
"Ask Gabriel," Cas replies. "It was all his plans, I just helped execute them."
Cas shakes his head. "I can't risk it. I love him too much." He glances at Dean again and freezes. Dark Hair has one hand at the back of Dean's neck. One of Dean's hands is at her waist. They're locked at the lips.
. Sure, he was still jumpy, he still is now, but that was the turning point. "I'm not sure if that is top of the list of achievements, but it's pretty high up."
"Yeah," Dean agrees before laughing, "I always find that weird you know, that we can count a college apartment as home. You spend a couple of weeks in a place, and suddenly it's just as much a home as a place you've spent years in." He laughs again before saying, "sorry that was really random."
Dean looked up in confusion, "what do you mean?"
Cas blinks and nods. "I'm fine. Eat your food, Dean."
Sam stares at the table. "We uh. Might have, yeah," he admits quietly.
"No- I- why would you- why are we even having this conversation?" Cas sits down on his bed, hunched over, feeling defeated. "I can't communicate to you what I want and you can't seem to communicate with me either."
"Why would I want you to go?"
"I'm fine," Cas replies. "Just drained. You?"
"I'm sorry I made a mistake," Cas tells him. "That's all this was, right? A mistake? It isn't fair, and I'll- go, now."
He wants to say something. He wants to tell Dean that he knows, but he can't do it. "If you want to do something else, feel free," he adds.
Cas smiled gratefully at him and began to strip off his own shirt, not seeing Dean's protests until it was discarded on the bed next to him. "What?"
Sam snorts as he punches his number into the phone. "Yeah. He's got... he's got shit, man. Not my place to say what, 'specially considering I barely know you, but he's got shit and he's had me checking in on him since I could talk. Without me around he's going to need
Cas holds him close, desperate not to let go, not to lose him. "Dean," he breathes against his friend's mouth.
"Nothing specific," Cas mumbles. "Go back to sleep, Dean. I'll fight off the nightmares if they come for you." He smiles a soft, fond smile at Dean.
"It is my fault," Cas insists. "I couldn't handle it, and I ran off, and I did... I did this to you."
Dean frowns as he pulls into his parking spot and walks back up to his and Cas' room. "What do you want to do now?" he asks.
"And you've known him for a whole day and only just realized this?" Gabe laughs.
Cas is already bustling around the room when Dean wakes up. He smiles as Dean groans and tosses an arm over his head. "Good morning, Dean," he says fondly. "Did you sleep well?"
"Hey guys," Dean says, next to Charlie and Cas, "how are you two?"
Cas smiles. "I had a feeling I might get that reaction."
He can't even leave because he's Cas' lift, but he couldn't stay in there. He couldn't stay and hear how little he means to Sam, even after all this time.
Cas scoffs. He will not stand for this blatant disregard of Dean’s for his own merits. He takes a deep breath and grabs Dean by the front of his shirt, pulling him in and kissing him deeply.
Dean scoffs instead of answering, glancing over at Cas for just a moment. Their eyes meet and the second blue meets green, Dean tares his eyes away.
You don’t exist, Castiel Novak, and you never have.
Cas scrambles to the foot of his bed, his face flaming. He can't make eye contact with his brother as he enters the room.
Cas whirls to look at him. "Are you sure?"
"I know a few tricks," Cas replies, then stands. "So. Breakfast with our brothers?"
Cas licked his lips subconsciously before he answered. "You keep staring at me. And your brother made it clear to me that there were plenty of things I don't know. You are... attracted to me, are you not?"
Cas straddles Dean, not particularly aiming for sex but not opposed to it either, and kisses him like it's the only thing that matters. He can barely breathe but he doesn't care, he just wants more of Dean.
"What? I know you don't want it. I- I kissed you because
"You could always come here?" Gabe says hesitantly, wringing his hands together in nerves.
When Cas turned off the engine in the campus parking lot, he turned to look at Dean. "Are you bleeding?" he asked, all fake concern. "Are you still breathing? Oh look. It wasn't fatal. You survived. Get out of the car."
Cas shrugs. "Wherever you want, I guess. Didn't think I'd even get this far."
"I'm not sure," Cas murmurs, not taking his eyes off of Dean.
"That's me," Dean whispers with a smirk. Cas has a tight grip on his arm, possibly a bit too tight, but he doesn't care. He wants to be as close to Cas as Cas wants him.
Cas's brow furrows. "I have not gotten the impression of heterosexuality from you. And I have what my brother calls 'an amazing gaydar'."
“I need you to come home with me and pretend to be my boyfriend until New Year’s,” Cas whines. “Please?”
"Nothing, just here to make some new friends," Dean says with a grin before pausing, "wait, what are you even doing at a college party?"
Cas wants to leave the party, wants to sprint away, but before he can, Dean is coming over to him.
Cas slides in next to him and watches as Dean bites his lip and closes his eyes. His expression is blissful. He's gorgeous. Fuck, Cas is so far gone.
It takes Castiel six tries to unlock the door to his new dorm room. He finally gets it open, flicks on the lights, and watches as a cloud of dust comes down from the ceiling. "This place is a toilet," he says.
"Thank you."
"We found our brothers," Cas mumbled. "And I would like to go back to our room now."
Cas nods slowly.
Cas takes a breath. "Alright. Fine. Sure."
"Hey, Dean," Sam called. "Didn't realize you were comin' but I'm glad you're here."
"Good, because my dad was an asshole," Sam mutters. "And you are
"What brings you here?" Charlie asked.
"What?" Dean asks defensively.
"That's okay, we'll clean it together," Cas offers.
He is so royally fucked.
Cas shakes his head. He doesn't know how to explain that this is the biggest, hardest, scariest thing he's ever done. He doesn't think that he can. So he does the only thing that makes sense. He kisses Dean again.
“You know how much you owe me for taking care of Sam when we were younger and always covering for you when your father came home?”
Dean isn't an idiot. There is only one case in history of two pairs of soulmates that were also sets of siblings. There's no way he's Cas's soulmate if Sam is Gabe's. He shakes his head.
"Looking for friends," Dean replies, "thought a party would be the best place to find them."
"It's chill," Gabe replies. "Don't worry about it."
"Sure," Dean says, trying to hide how happy Cas coming to join him was making him for no apparent reason. "Any movie suggestions? I haven't chosen one yet."
"It wasn't last night," Cas offers slowly. "It was this morning."
The sky chooses that moment to open up and bring down upon them a soft blanket of snow. Cas looks at it and laughs and laughs, laughs for a long and glorious time, and Dean laughs with him.
best friend.”
"I slept with you," Cas says, his voice breaking. He pauses. "No, I- I'm just gonna go."
"Well you are the bitchy one," Dean replies, "but something is going on, and I'm trying to figure out what."
"I'm sorry," Dean says, laying back down, staring at the ceiling and trying to will the tears prickling at his eyes away.
"Do you want to come?" Cas invites. "I think he's bringing Sam."
"Save it," Dean snaps, standing. "At least now I know what you really think of me. Have fun at Thanksgiving, Sammy, and give Dad and Pops my regards." He slides out of the booth and walks away. Cas stares after him.
"I got you to sleep well," Cas says, feeling victorious. "I did it."
Dean can barely his back laughter, whether at Cas' face or at the fact Cas is a nerd, he isn't sure yet, "you are in the fandom of your own father's books?"
"Really?" Dean asks with a small overdramatic gasp, "you're just going to read on your first day in college? What about new friends? Or checking out the campus?"
Cas raised his eyebrows. "Please do elaborate."
"Congratulations, I'm convinced. I'll come."
Cas smiles. He can sit next to Dean, run his hand down Dean's arm, hug him, reassure him. He wants that, that closeness, that comfort, that feeling of love from his soulmate, even though Dean will never love him that way. He nods. "A movie sounds awesome."
"What is your problem with it, exactly?"
Cas nods. "Yes," he agrees.
"I kissed you because I couldn't listen to you bad-mouth yourself anymore and I'm sorry because I didn't think you cared."
"Shut
"Why?"
Cas shakes his head, laughing. "It's not that big."
Five weeks ago…
"Oh yeah, did you do it on purpose then, just to make me laugh," Dean teases.
"Seriously, uh." Sam took a deep breath. "I'm seventeen, Dean, I'm not going to have sex with someone old enough to purchase booze. 'Specially not a guy."
"Tease," Gabe mutters, turning back to the stove.
Cas swallows the lump in his throat. “I was attracted to you, just not… romantically. Yet,” he adds. “I was queerplatonically attracted to you, which means that I felt more for you than friendship, but not quite romance. There’s sort of an odd gray area in there for me that doesn’t exist for some other people, but for me it was there and it was like ‘I want something with him, I want to hold his hand and paint his nails and kiss him in a movie theater and bring him to my Christian family’s Thanksgiving dinner just to give them a grand fuck you’ but I as of then I couldn’t have honestly said ‘I want to marry him and have children and three dogs in a fourth-floor apartment in the Kansas suburbs’.”
"No, nothing wrong," Dean assures quickly, "It doesn't matter, I promise," he can't quite believe how sheltered Cas is. He must live under a rock to not be able to recognize blushing.
Cas smiled in surprise. "I like that."
"My brother calls me 'Cassie' but I hate that. I know a girl who calls me 'Clarence'."
"No, I-" Cas sighs. He knows that Dean knows now, and that Dean doesn't care, but these are the moments that being on the spectrum really gets to him. He usually doesn't mind so much, but when he's trying to say something important or he's inadvertently offending people, it bothers him. "I like. Comedies. Also."
Cas raises his eyebrows. "It's fine, Dean, it was just a suggestion. If you don't want to watch it it isn't very important to me."
"What's wrong with onion and pineapple?"
Cas shrugs. "What do you think I need?"
"What do you mean?" Dean asks quietly, his eyes flicking up to focus on Cas before going back to floor.
Cas hesitantly rests a hand on his shoulder. "I know I fucked this up," he says quietly. "But I want to try and be friends with you."
Dean takes a shaky breath and says, "The first time John Winchester, my biological father, ever hit me I musta been... 11 or 12. He came home wasted off his ass to find me suckin' face with my friend Steve in the backseat of, wait for it,
Dean huffs a released breath out, trying to concentrate on the movie, even as he feels himself slipping into sleep, the comforting weight of Cas' head against his shoulder and the sounds of the movie willing him away.
Cas is grinning widely now. "I will make it my life's mission to find your brother and talk to him about you, probably for several hours. I need to learn all the most embarrassing stories to blackmail you with."
"We will help each other," Dean agrees, looking down at his shoes and mumbling, "and I wouldn't be opposed to waking up next to you in the mornings."
"Good, so are we going to our apartment?" Dean asks slowly, thinking about the mess he'd left behind when he went to Gabe's.
Cas wraps an arm around Dean's shoulders tentatively, holding him close as he starts the movie. "If you need to sleep, sleep. I won't mind."
"Really? Because surely you understand why I'm having trouble believing that."
"He didn't have anywhere else to go. He couldn't exactly go home, and he thought you hated him."
They belong to each other.
"Glad to hear it," he says, trying to hide the awkwardness hiding just under his skin. He wasn't sure quite why he was reacting like this, there was just something about the bright blue gaze which seemed to see right into his soul.
Cas sighs and follows Dean.
"No," Dean says, wincing at the very thought, "I'm in love with someone else, not her."
Cas looked at him for a moment, chewed on his lip, then said, "attracted to me," and walked away, leaving Dean there staring and Gabriel practically in tears of joy.
Dean gasps, bolting upright in bed and instantly jumping away. He misjudges the distance in the dark, and ends up in a pile on the floor, but it's ok because he's safe now, John can't get to him now.
Dean nods. "Yeah, Sammy's sixteenth birthday. Bobby and Crowley took us to get them together. His, if you look real close, has the date inked on it."
Dean nods, letting out a relieved sigh as soon as they manage to get Dean seated in Gabe's car, "do you have any water in here?" he asks.
Cas comes back out, carrying his jeans, and something catches his eye. "I want that," he decides, pointing at the fuzzy gray sweater.
"Great," Dean smiles, possibly more enthusiastically than he should, "come on then, you need to get ready!"
," Cas repeats, pulling Dean all the way up onto his bed. "Just- stop talking. I don't have the brainpower to listen to you talk."
Dean opens his mouth to argue, but quickly snaps it shut. What would his argument even be? 'No, I'm fine, I'm just probably dehydrated, barely been sleeping and not been eating enough, no need to worry, I can go home and be on my own again.' Yeah, maybe not. Probably wouldn't go down very well with Gabe.
"Ok," Dean says, pushing the door open and walking in. He dumps the clothes he just changed out of onto his bed and tries to avoid giving Cas a once over. "Right then, let's go."
"Is it really?" Dean asks mildly. "Last time I paid attention to the date was when Cas texted me 'happy birthday'."
"So were you," Cas tells him smugly before making his way back toward their dorm again.
"Oh yeah," Dean says slowly, "Sorry, I must have forgotten. Does that mean you don't actually want to do this? Because if you don't then we'll stop."
Gabriel clears his throat. "Because I'm in love with your brother and your brother is my soulmate."
"Didn't wake me up," Cas murmured. "I was just worried. What were you dreaming about, if you don't mind my asking?"
"I don't care, it's not like I pay attention anyway."
"Oh, is that alcohol?" Cas asks. "Um. No thank you."
"In good time, babe," Sam laughs. "We can have all the celebratory sex we want once we deal with our loser brothers."
"What do you think I'll do?" Dean asks, no hint of accusation in his voice, just pure tiredness and curiosity.
Cas watches him drive with this feeling of near-euphoria just from being this close to the object of his affections. Dean puts on Led Zeppelin and Cas pays close attention to the lyrics. He even knows a couple of Dean's favorite songs from driving with him so often.
"Thanks," Dean says, taking his clothes and once Cas has walked away, slowly climbing out of bed. His side stings slightly, but he appears to still be hopped up on pain medication so he just ignores it, climbing into his jeans and a tee.
"Hey Sammy," Dean says, watching Sam walk in, in the corner of his eye, "Food ready yet?"
He had a girlfriend who broke up with him on the spot when he tried to explain.
"We can text them," Cas says quietly. "But we have a far more important conversation to have just now."
"You ok?" Dean asks, trying to figure out what had ruffled Cas enough to walk away, and also enough for him to say - in front of both of their brothers! - that Dean is attracted to him.
Dean sighs a second time. “Oh, this is going to be so bad. Yes, I do.”
Cas nods, scanning the room. Suddenly he freezes. "Wait, is that- that's my brother."
Dean thinks for a moment. He isn't that tired and he does kind of just want to get out the house. "Yeah, sure," he says. "Just give me some time to get ready and I'll be there."
Dean slowly sits up, not taking his eyes off Cas, as though he thinks that if he does Cas will just vanish. "In what way?" he asks, hating that he actually has no idea what on earth Cas could have done.
Sam goggles at him. "You've
"Okay, I'm sorry to hear that," Cas says sincerely, "I will make sure to be here for him, while you can't be." He hears footsteps coming down the hall and can't stop the small smile from blooming across his face.
Dean laughs, "luckily you don't have to worry about that, we are each others best friends and that's the end of that."
"Come on," Dean says, seeing what looks like discomfort on Cas' face, "let's continue looking for friends. We can't leave here without finding some people to talk to."
"I'm not saying you slept together," Sam said, "I'm just saying you... had a bonding moment or someshit."
"Hello, Gabriel," Cas sighed. "Hey, Dean," Sam said, surprised. "What's up?"
Cas nods. Dean's eyes fall shut, and he moves to a different area of the room so the surgeons can proceed with the appendectomy.
“Ouch,” Dean says, but his tone is light and playful. “I see how it is.”
Cas doesn't let go of Dean for a long time, because if he does then he has to face that second huge fuckup. His hands find Dean's lower back and his eyes fall blissfully shut. He relishes in every last second before the explosion he knows is coming. He just waits for it with bated breath, wondering when it will happen.
Cas bites his lip. He's not fond of the reminder that he's somehow fallen in love with someone he met twenty-four hours and change ago. "I'm not assuming," he says. "I have a... a gut feeling."
Gabe glances over at Sam, sharing a look with him, "do you believe them?" he asks.
Cas was drawing on the table with his fingertip. "I may have written some gay fanfiction for them, yes."
"I was gonna..." Sam trails off and glances between Dean and Gabriel, then down at the floor.
"Seriously!" Cas calls, but the door has already swung shut and Gabe can't hear him. "Come on then," he says, grabbing some clean clothes, "he will drag us out if we aren't done in ten minutes."
"Yeah, you get to see my Baby," Dean agrees with a smile, trying to ignore how happy he is at the thought of Cas riding shotgun in his car.
"No one can do people well when they're children," Cas points out. "But some people figure it out and others don't. I fall in the second category. I am as socially awkward as they come."
"Why?"
Cas stood there silently as Dean paid, not sure how to accept his charity, and doesn't speak without prompting as they walk back to Dean's (admittedly very gorgeous) car. Dean tries, Cas will give him that.
"Any nicknames?" he questions, pulling his hand away. He was fairly sure Castiel would have some. No one has a name like Castiel, without having nicknames.
"Nothing, I'm fine."
Cas glances around. "Um. Yeah, no, I'm just going to brush my teeth and then you can have the bathroom."
"You two are soulmates?" Cas asks delightedly, while Dean just sat there looking shocked.
"Where are we meeting him?" Dean asks as he walks into the hallway.
Cas opens his arms for Dean to crawl into if he so desires. "You can tell me anything," he promises.
Dean sighs, "You'd think it would be easy, wouldn't you. We are soulmates, everything should be perfect and everything should work," he takes a deep breath, "but it's not like that. I can't express myself, I just can't, and Cas can't either, so we just get suck, like we are now. I love him with everything I have, but if my shit would hurt him, I'd rather he just found someone else and forgot all about me."
"Ok," Dean says, wracking his brains to figure out what news Cas could have possibly got between the shop and the car, "do you think it's going to end up as good news?"
"Yeah, yeah I'm fine," Dean replies, the lie dripping off his tongue like syrup. He can see Joan giving him a bit of a stink eye - because from her point of view, he's just stolen her man's attention - but he ignores her.
"Thanks, Sam has a matching one," he says with a small smile, "we got them a couple of years ago."
." He points downward with his free hand. Cas slowly sits back down, not wanting to interrupt. "He chased the kid off o' course, and then he drag me inside by the ear and whipped me bloody with a belt." Dean shrugs. "After that he liked to hit me every day, like he was scared I’d turn gay or somethin' if he didn't. I have scars all over my back and thighs. That's why I never change in front of people." Dean's voice breaks as he continues. "Three and a half years ago our uncle Bobby married Crowley and then they adopted Sammy 'n' me. I didn't know Crowley. Barely talked to him. Barely talked at all really." He laughs bitterly. "I kept thinking Crowley was gonna be like my dad. He'd figure out how messed up I was and hurt me like my dad did. He actually just wanted my approval. He and Bobby have been taking care of us for a few years now but I keep thinking I'm gonna fuck it all up. Not to mention I never go after guys anymore because some small part of my brain thinks that if I fall in love with a guy my dad's gonna burst through the door and kill him. And my happiness."
"Sorry for what?" Dean asks, and he hates himself a little bit more. He couldn't just take it and go, he decided he needs to know why, and now he's going to be forced to hear his soulmate say all the reasons he is inadequate.
"You're not wearing a suit," Dean says quickly, "this is a college party, not some sort of awards ceremony."
Cas nods. "I'll be here while you're under, too. I'll fight off anyone who tries to hurt you."
"Of course he did," Dean frowns, "Yeah, I dropped out. It just wasn't working. I couldn't balance everything and something had to give. In the end it was school." he sighs before adding in a self-deprecating tone, "it wasn't much of a loss though, I was barely scraping through anyway."
"Cas is a gift unto this world, dontcha know?" Sam asked, grinning and wrapping an arm around him like they were old friends.
Cas runs his hands through his hair. "I don't get you," he finally says.
Cas's face falls. "This is my fault," he whispers.
“Then why did we start dating as early as we did?”
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, his voice rough and his thoughts racing, "I picked up on that." He absentmindedly starts picking at his shirt sleeve - the one which is hiding his words. The words which are a perfect echo of what Cas had just said. He loves Cas. Cas is his soulmate. How is this even possible?
Cas nods, not making eye contact with Dean as he unlocks the door.
Cas unpacks everything and goes out for a coffee, and when he comes back, the other side of the room is all decorated. There are about a million pictures of two unfairly attractive people (both male-presenting, one with a chiseled jawline and emerald green eyes and one with longer hair and a gorgeous smile) hung around the room. There's one framed photograph of a blonde woman on the desk. Cas wonders if one of those two boys is his roommate, and if so, which one.
"Yes, I guess that's the price you have to pay for being advanced," Gabe agrees with a grin. Dean sighs, looking like he's about to whack his head off the table, glancing at Cas in the hopes he will be able to change the subject in some way.
Cas comes out, feeling incredibly self-conscious about how tight these jeans are, but his insecurities are quickly forgotten when he sees the look on Dean's face.
"No, you're a lost cause, so I give up. Bye."
Cas opens the door and sits down in the passenger seat, unable to refrain from admiring Dean's profile while he isn't watching. "Are you okay?"
"Dean, you haven't been eating. Teenage assigned females are the biggest demographic for people who experience disordered eating but they're not the only ones." He sighs. "Look, man, right after you left... when I was fourteen. I did the same thing. I got so depressed I couldn't eat anything at all. Every time I tried, I threw up. I beat it, and you can beat it too. Come on, eat your burger."
"Good choice," Charlie replied. "Well, let's play the 'three things you need to know about me before you can be my friend' game. Mine are that I'm a huge geek, I love to cosplay, and I'm gay as
Dean watches Cas walk away before shrugging, grabbing a couple more pairs and following him over. He can wait outside while Cas tries the jeans on.
"Thanks," Dean mutters, slightly embarrassed but mainly just relieved that he doesn't have to drive.
“So much,” Cas laughs. “It is quite odd, no one had any interest in cocoa powder or milk or marshmallows or ham or other Christmas-related ingredients this year, they had so very much of it.”
Cas looks up, startled from his gentle rest by Dean starting to toss and turn.
Gabriel sighs and takes his arm, wrapping it around his own shoulders to help him to Gabe's car.
Dean's grinning at him and Cas thinks he wants to kiss him more than anything. He takes a shaky breath and says, "I still want to hear it. By the way."
"Nothing to apologise for," Dean says easily, "you're probably right anyway."
When they get back to their room, Dean goes straight for his bed, but Cas lingers awkwardly by the door.
#~+~#
Dean laughs loudly, unable to hold it on after Cas' deadpan delivery, "me neither. Honestly I wonder why we haven't just given up on understanding them by now."
"No problem," Dean smiles back, "now, do you want to wear that to the party, or borrow something of mine now?"
“No,” said Castiel.
Cas looked at Dean, considering.
“You okay, Dad?”
“Yes,” Cas hissed, his nostrils flaring.
Not taking his eyes off Cas he did so and watched Cas tear open the condom packet with his teeth.
Dean had figured as much but he didn’t want to interrupt Cas.
“Shut up and fuck me,” Castiel said.
“Cas!” She said, running to embrace him. “So glad you could make it!”
There was a spring in Dean’s step and he was down to one crutch as they traversed the rickety boardwalk.  Dean reached the door first and swung it open, holding it for Castiel.  He winked and smiled at Castiel.  He felt a blush creep up his cheeks at Dean’s open flirting.  He really needed to be more careful, Castiel thought.  He’d have to admonish Dean later.  At that thought, Castiel felt a stirring in his loins he had to mentally will down.
“Ouch!” Dean exclaimed.  “What was that for?!”
He woke to pain.  Pain like he’d never felt before.  It stole the breath from his lungs and conscious thought from his mind.  He tried to reach for his gun and open his eyes simultaneously.  A gentle, but firm hand pressed his shoulder down.
Dean tried stepping toward Ben again.  Ben didn’t recoil this time, but he kept his face turned away.
Dean swallowed.  “Anything?” he asked, his voice absolutely did not crack, goddamn it.
“What?” Cas asked.
“Can I take this off?” he asked.
It was happening all over again and Dean couldn’t do a damn thing to stop it.  He struggled, kicking and flailing, but no matter what he did he couldn’t free himself from the strong arms holding him.  His ten-year old body was powerless against Alistair’s man.  He watched as Alistair dragged his mother into the house by her hair.  He saw his father, battered and bloody, try to go to her aid.  He watched Alistair turn and look at him, smirking, as he shot Dean’s father between the eyes.
“Never took you for the cuddling type,” Cas said, curling into Dean and throwing a leg across him.
“Cas, I -” Dean felt his hand acting of its own accord, coming to rest on the side of Cas’s face.
“Bullshit,” Dean said and tried to force himself past Sam again.  Sam put both hands on Dean’s shoulders and shoved him, firmly back out of the door.  His stupid moose of a brother could be a real pain.
“Where -” Cas started then cleared his throat, “Where did you get that?” he asked gesturing to Dean’s kilt.
"What?" asked Sam, with his weapon still raised. "What is it?"
"Yes, dumbass. You."
“And I thank you, for what you’ve done for me. Your sacrifice.”
as precome wept from his cock.
“Well, this place is one of the best for parties, I mean – you were at the wine festival.”
"Usually I'm the one with the weird ideas, but Scully's right," Mulder put in. "I mean - a network of monster uhunters, all over the United States? Possibly the world? And we haven't had wind of it?"
is Eileen Leahy," said Castiel.
are, either.”
Castiel was curious about everything, about all Dean had to teach him, now that he knew this was
“Okay,” he said.
Dean wasn’t great about talking feelings.
“I love you too, Dean,” he finally said.
This seems to be the reality wherever you find nomadic peoples.
After dealing with the payment for this 'fun', including the annoyances of hangover, dehydration, etc. which I had forgotten were the shitty parts of the experience –
Dean nodded, his eyes closing in relief.
“I know, Dean, thank you,” Castiel said, blissful and serene. “I don’t get these ones very often, where we are back together in our own place and time. I enjoy them the most, they are very realistic.”
“Holy
He had to find out.
Castiel, ashamed, could not speak for a moment.
She sighed.
bud. And the way you two feel about each other? That earth-shattering thing? Yeah. I had absolutely nothing to do with that."
"Then tell me," said Castiel, on a slightly rough pull of Dean's cock, "if you like it."
Bright, perfect,
Castiel nodded.
“I don’t know why I bother,” he said, standing up to go. “And
A very skinny, dapper little man turned around.
Castiel sighed.
"I was shy," he said, a little defensive.
"I'm afraid Dean has found himself in some trouble," he said, clearly unsure how to approach a delicate matter.
we are, may not be all that important," he began slowly. "
Dean was warm, and comfortable, and felt strangely at home, at peace for the first time in – maybe ever.
“I’m glad you’re making plans with your brother,” he said. “It seems like an important relationship.”
He stood, at the other end of the hallway, arms dripping with blood and ichor.
Dean wanted to punch…
Dean grounded himself in the low rumble of Castiel’s timbre.
They sat down together, and Castiel poured the wine; Heracles and Pasion finally returned to the table in a sort of bare-chested compromise where his chiton looked more like a toga.
and Castiel
It was as if he was hypnotized, charmed, enchanted, under thrall.
“I must warn you that we are – a little more
Dean looked around, at the tan brick of the coffee house, the friendly warmth of the dark brown leather sofas.
“Point,” said Dean on a breathy laugh.
He had a long beard. He had bare feet.
He gave Castiel a sideways glance.
“I don’t think this is the time to be quoting
It seemed like he was always swimming.
from your life?”
Dean had to swallow against a lump in his throat.
"That's unfair, you know," he informed Dean.
“My apologies, Sam, but I don’t believe you,” said Castiel. “If it’s all the same.”
The phrase
He grinned.
"Do you have a safeword?"
"That - that could be arranged," he said, his voice a little strained. "Very pleasant."
Sam looked at Dean and Castiel.
“Here, try this one,” Cas told him, as other customers came in and the cold air buffeted through the room.
"I certainly hope not, sir," said Castiel.
“You know. Just. No engraved wedding invitations, okay? I wanna go slow.”
“What
"All right, all right, enough with the light-show, show-off," muttered Dean. "What the hell has gotten
Long maligned for their poverty, the people of the coastal town were looked down upon by those in the capital city located up in the hills above it. Strange, since it was their access to ships, food, and the sea.
Dean’s change of behavior on set was commented upon by everyone.
“Sure, of course,” said Dean, covering his sense of having abandoned his brother. “This is Cas.”
Dean’s gaze dropped to the fly of his pants, where he saw, disbelieving, Castiel touch him for the first time.
“Sam’ll be into it, trust me. But we’ll have to figure out how to go about it. Besides, he’s a lawyer. So we’ve got the law on our side.”
After everyone had their pants on again, they were discussing what to do next.
His right arm was plastered up against the wall, so he
“Dean. Did you just tell me that you bought a love potion off that man?”
“You,” a worker said, pointing at Dean. “What brings you here today?”
Castiel knew the people of the village spoke in hushed whispers of a man who wore the guise of a pirate but often appeared to do good works.
“Yes, Castiel,” he said.
“Yeah,” Sam grinned. “He had like
“You – really? I mean. Okay, sure, if you want to.”
- and said:
“You all right, gorgeous?” came a voice at his side.
Trying to warn him.
And, for the first time, Death smiled at Castiel.
and to find completion and conquest here, in the man with the golden soul -
“Yeah,” whispered Dean, head lolling back against his shoulder, hs mouth still softly suckling around the seeking appendage within it. “Belong t’you, Cas.
“Of course, Dean.”
and when he opened them again, the wild beseeching look in his green eyes that said
There was a storm coming, Castiel could see it as the sky was divided between the dark distant clouds and the brightness of the sun.
“Okay, shoot,” he said, taking a drink of coffee.
“Your efforts here are worthless,” he snarled. “You don’t understand anything at all.”
"There's
He would go through abuse and privation and starvation and as many lives as he had to live, just to find Castiel again.
Dean was about to answer and then thought better of it.
"Lookin' good," Dean explained.
Goading, pleading –
Dean often asked if Castiel would take him there.
And he kissed Castiel, hardly able to believe his good fortune.
So Dean could only respond, light years later:
"One more person where?"
"We had a run-in like this once," said Scully. "That's what it turned out to be."
“Cas, I – ” he began, only to realize he was now addressing dead air.
“Nothing,” Dean said. “Thank you.”
Dean noticed.
Far along the wide strand, the sea lapped bright blue against the baby powder sand.
“And Dean – ”
He blinked, wondering what had woken him.
"Yeah, well," said Dean. "There's been a lot that shouldn't have happened. One of which is that I'm a son of a bitch, Cas, and I should've known better."
“Let’s take him to see Sam and Dean,” said Gabriel.
"I do not - "
as Dean Winchester let himself be loved.
Dean made his escape then, scurrying up through the bunker hallways as if he hadn’t just given into the sweetest temptation.
I am vaccinated and boy did it ever kick my ass, but that just tells me how covid would've kicked my ass if I had gotten it. Proud to be vaccinated- you should be too!
Out of absolutely fucking nowhere, it descended for the first time in days.
But then, he dreamed of this tree.
Sam was placidly eating a salad like the brontosaurus he was, and giving Dean some shifty looks that scaled from murder to vague curiosity.
Somehow, the tension in the room began to build, as Castiel watched Dean eat the dessert he was feeding him.
wanton and uncaring how he must look, needy and desperate, crying out again and again, like the angel was some kind of forbidden high, Dean screamed himself hoarse –
Then he sauntered off, out of Castiel’s range of view.
He cut into it with the side of a fork and tested it out on his tongue.
He stood and listened hard.
“Thanks,” said Dean, and he read the card:
“I’m peachy,” Dean said, listening to the creak of his leather jacket and wondering if it had always been so cold to the touch.
Castiel had drawn his gun, all business again.
Leviticus just looked back at him. No response.
Castiel sighed, because Michael was wrong in one thing at least:
As Dean moaned and thrashed in the web, Castiel was thrilled to see that the strands held tight. He did not want to see Dean hurt himself in his delirium and pleasure.
"I'd prefer silence from you, if you don't mind," said Castiel.
Castiel smiled.
Sam, Dean, and Castiel slid down the road as it tilted upwards and onto the road beneath it, where the Impala sat waiting, as if they had all been shaken out of a pepper grinder.
“That’s gotta be the stupidest-sounding case we’ve ever done.”
“I think I’ll be the judge of that.”
Castiel had been in a foul mood since the events of that morning, grumbling
He'd watch Dean rouse from slumber, that sleepy, satisfied expression -
It was colorful and welcoming and Dean got the sense that people felt at home here who did not feel at home anywhere else.
Castiel laid out the breakfast as Dean sat down at table.
He clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth with a shaming gesture.
But somehow, this fantasy was the most evidently false.
“Nah. No idea. But then I guess he didn’t know about me either,” Dean said, and then paused. “Hell, I didn’t know about me. Not really. Not til Cas. I mean, there’s some things you do for money but that don’t mean shit, you know what I mean?”
The darkness just pressed in even harder.
"You can touch anywhere but there," he said.
He went outside to relieve himself and returned to find Cas still sleeping.
Castiel walked into the room then, wearing only his pants, completely bare-chested.
They lay there together, panting, for a while.
Is that understood?”
Caught, and a little embarrassed, Dean stopped moving around and settled down for the night.
Castiel studied the map table for a while, and looked over a few open books strewn everywhere. They had been hunting a nuckelavee and it had gone down in one of the most grisly kills they’d experienced so far, but then the nuckelavee were already pretty grisly as monsters went.
“Are you – are you
"Well, I'd love your company while you're here."
Dean’s cock was painfully hard, Castiel could sense it through their connection, rubbing against Castiel’s stomach and smearing precome against his skin. He was in a paroxysm of want, a delirium Castiel knew all too well –
“What if – ”
"You're jealous," Dean said.
“I don’t know if he’s remembering, or what,” said Sam. “But it’s pretty damned clear that
"Because we've got work for you."
Sam came into the library then, and nodded to Dean.
think it was cute.
Then he smirked.
Castiel stared, and listened, and catalogued every sound Dean wrung out from himself.
Let's just say that any political decision that messes with the supply chain in any way is very stupid and they will blame it on literally anything and everything before they blame their foolish actions. They will come up with any excuse in the book. I've seen it time and again. Remember, too, it never happens overnight - stocks are built up over time, so something that happened today would only have its effects felt around 2-3 months from now. If they're blaming shortages on something that happened recently, they're doing sleight of hand. This is important information to remember if you are a layman who is not in our industry, because it is one of the most insidious acts of any government around the world.
"It's just that - "
Castiel stared at him. He did not move to take the tickets.
“So if there is
"Say it."
Meg smirked.
The sky was filled with fire, reflecting orange and red against the clouds.
He and Castiel talked into the night, and Dean sat with him on the bench seat of the café with a cat in his lap, the first night he could remember where he had felt a sense of hope.
Castiel looked at the blade.
"Why not? I wanted it, you wanted it," Dean said. "Did I do something wrong? You gotta tell me, man, that's the whole point of the traffic light system, the agreement."
Castiel shivered and Dean cried out with the sensations.
Cas was looking at him now, really looking at him, in that way Dean was now automatically responding to as Sex Time.
Anyway, this is a very sincerely held belief from someone who has seen all of America and lived through the sheer horror we all had to go through over many many years just to get those rights at all. So yeah I personally think that both Dean and Cas would be all for it.
“Fine. What’s the
Now, he sent emojis and liked peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
"No, now that you mention it," said Sam. "Didn't say a word. Just up and vanished."
But Castiel heard him just fine.
"Then - "
“I don’t know, because I’d like to talk to the guy I’m going to be spending my time with?”
Then Castiel kissed him.
His brain made the connection between
I’ve had a few warning shots over the bow before with drinking, even prior to the pancreatic attack. I remember I was walking up the street somewhere and I tried to smile at some guy passing me on the way. I was totally hammered but trying to show I was friendly and not a threat, because it was long after midnight in a rough part of the city. This guy gave me a terrified look, clutched at his pockets, and hurried away. I caught a glimpse of my reflection in a store window and all I remember was that I couldn’t even focus on my own reflection to see why I looked so scary to this guy.
Tomorrow, he knew, they’d be moving on.
Dean blinked.
“Oh, I was just about to call you,” said Dean airily.
Then he sank down further, without warning, crying out, as Castiel yelled and his mind began fritzing out like static.
He surfaced to hear Dean spluttering and coughing.
“Have you seen my…trenchcoat…”
"I hope you get home again, Cas," he murmured. "I really do."
The man went to the balcony and looked out. He seemed to satisfy himself that no one was lurking out there.
Dean just sighed, and surrendered.
He did not allow himself to think on this further.
- somebody is missing."
But his nights were his own, and he could luxuriate in the fantasy that he was human, too.
Castiel favored him with a small, sweet smile.
Then at the other men on the beach.
There was no need to invent new monsters, he told himself, as he walked in the bitter cold.
startled to find that it was absolutely delicious.
“The point is, what the fuck,” he whispered.
“Well, yeah, Dean. I want my brother to be happy.”
“No, I was looking at my computer. Why?”
Dean was moaning into the mattress with abandon.
“I think,” said Castiel, and blushed. “It’s like a curse.”
There was no recognition in those familiar blue eyes.
He did not examine his decision too closely, or consider whether this was strictly a desire to protect the Winchesters.
“Y – yeah, Cas, yes, fucking
"I don't know yet," he said. "But I can show you the cultivation of blueberries I have been working on, if you like."
But then Castiel was shouldering their bags with little difficulty, causing Dean to swoon a bit at yet another proof of his easy strength.
As he had mentioned previously, the appearance of a wife often indicates the disappearance of  a valet.
Then Dean licked his lips, staring at Castiel all the while, his green eyes bright in the soft light of the dawn through the window.
And the warmth disappeared, leaving Castiel bereft as he watched Dean pick the wrong cutlery on purpose, just because he could.
Still, Castiel did not mind the distraction from his own more mundane duties, brushing his charge's clothing or discussing meals with the chef. He much preferred taking in the sights of the wildlife, he thought, as he mutely watched Dean wandering through the shadows of the silver birch forest.
Not that Dean could tell, stuck down here in this musty room cataloguing artifacts.
Castiel breathed a harsh breath out, and said:
And so, eventually, they returned to the island in the sea.
“Great. Well let’s put what you've read to the test, because I can hear him coming back down the hall.”
He got up to head to the showers.
Castiel couldn't look away, didn't move, just watched Dean come apart beautifully above him and around him, that tight, incredible sensation, buried deep inside him -
Later, in the servant's quarters, Castiel thought of Dean's eyes, of his figure silhouetted by the English countryside behind him, and he ached.
1. I looked him up out of curiosity and apparently Peter Wingfield (Methos from Highlander) quit acting and is now an anaesthesiologist at Cedars-Sinai in LA. Can you imagine that? Going in for surgery and seeing him come in? I would be like...'Methos??? Am I already under?'
“He made me shut my eyes,” complained Sam.
He felt suddenly ashamed of how small and dingy the room looked, despite having no idea who this man might be or any notion whether he would be impressed or not.
Cas was funny and kind of innocently strange, but as a warrior he was a battle-hardened, steely son of a bitch. Ends-justifies-the-means kind of hardass, and Dean understood that Cas knew Dean's own motivations were food, sex, and family.
Dean to fear him, but he knew that it was the likely outcome. He was even more intrigued by this human, all over again, and found himself falling, hard and fast.
“Monsters putting up a united front was not something I would have expected,” Castiel said. “But cutting off the food source and supplies – ”
Dean squinted in the sunlight.
Dean stared straight ahead, watching the highway lines, definitely not looking anywhere near his brother.
Dean shut his mouth.
Dean grabbed one of the books off the shelves and opened it at random.
I’m not supposed to want.
Dean went up to the tree and placed a hand on its extensive root system.
Paul Bunyan led them into what looked like a gigantic mess hall filled with people at a pancake feed.
” Sam complained.
And Dean opened for him, suckling the end of the vine, Castiel moaned at the sensation of how ready he was, how willing, and how perfect.
“Son of a
On one such night, a few days after Castiel had saved him from God knows what, he was in bed, tears in his eyes that stubbornly refused to fall.
"These guys defeated the Spartans?" asked Dean quietly, because as far as ancient history was concerned, this was the extent of his knowledge.
and that was that.
I know I’m not going to save the world with this or probably get anyone to give a dry life a go. All I can tell you is what happened to me. And I can never say never, regarding whether I will drink again one day. I find that absolute statements tend to make me rebel, because I have enough of a problem with authority that I will rebel against myself.
,” Sam read. “Interesting prayer method. C’mon, we’re gonna miss the ringing of the bells.”
Sam, on the other end of the line, was breathing through his nose. Dean could imagine him pinching the bridge and squeezing his eyes shut and he smiled fondly at the image.
fucking
Just then, someone knocked on the door, and Castiel answered it.
“Molecules,” he sighed with an edge of disappointment.
" - this gonna fuckin' work right this time?" he heard his older counterpart say.
I am a drifter – the real thing, in real life, and coincidentally, my name is also Dean.
And he spread himself wider, for Castiel’s ease of access, and the angel made a sound like a hitched sob, and Dean said:
treating people like that?!” Dean blustered. “And why no wine, Sam? What the actual fuck.”
“Full on weeping, dude.”
“I mean,” he said. “I think. I actually – I kinda have a
Dependable, utilitarian.
“What was that about?” Dean asked.
"I wish I was an only child."
Castiel shifted uncomfortably.
"Well, yeah, but
to see, to experiment, with all he had learned over these many centuries –
“Walk with me,” Dean murmured, sliding his palm into Castiel’s.
“Wow.”
“Don’t airquote at me in the dark, I can’t see it.”
aspect, that was new.
"Shit," breathed Dean. "Shit, Cas. Holy shit."
Ever, and always, it seemed, with Dean –
Dean watched in disbelief as Castiel seemed to shudder with desire.
Then he perched on the back of the chair, book in hand.
felt like.
Castiel was quiet for a while.
“I want you to come and stay with me, Dean. You’re not safe here.”
But he very obviously wasn't about to touch.
“Cas? What is it? Is something wrong?”
The next morning, he was on the road again, heading south.
“Cas.”
“You’re so fuckin’ hot, Cas, holy shit, oh my God,” Dean said, but it came out like a garbled mumble.
His brother certainly did.
Sometimes a few Deadheads, sometimes members of the Rainbow Family, and sometimes, but very rarely, truckers.
(See the end of the chapter for
The neon lights, the gravel grit the broken glass of the road.
Dean nearly knocked over his beer in his rush to answer.
"You think? He's got it made, a peerage, the House of Lords - "
Dean was panting against the ground, waiting for his body to adjust to Castiel’s incredible girth, to accept him inside.
Dean stared out the window then, studying the waves.
The panicked thought
“Okay,” he said. “This guy – apparently he was hired to take a hit out on you.”
"What in the sam hell -"
Dean kept his eyes fastened to the covers, wondering what was going to happen and when.
Dean rolled out of bed, muzzy with sleep, a sensation he hadn’t felt since a child –
"The second is that you are treading on dangerous ground," she said. "This -
He felt Castiel’s harsh breath out curl along the wet skin of his spine, and the angel went very, very still.
as he pulled back away and examined Dean in a method almost clinical –
," he said. "I'll give you another movie quote.
Well, now, he had to be sure.
“What?” he whispered, letting the robe fall.
"You don't have to do anything you don't want to, Dean. What is it? Shall we stop?"
“Yes. And Sam, his own equivalent. You two sure have a knack for spending time in other dimensions. Anyway, it’s been that long for you but out there – well, it’s a wrinkle in time, if you’re familiar with the works of Madeleine L’Engle. We are in the loop of the fabric. Out there no time has passed at all.”
"Yes, sir," he sighed.
"Yes, sir," said Dean, despite wanting to say
"You're looking at my arse, aren't you?" Dean asked.
The last thing Dean wanted was to lose Castiel.
One time, a stationary friend stopped by to meet me at a diner. She said "be careful, there's a motel out back with a lot of shady people!" I laughed and told her "that's my motel". Prostitutes, johns, pimps, dealers, etc. - these are all a part of American road life too, and I am going to try to illustrate these aspects in this story as well.
Greece - even modern-day Greece - was
It was cold out; Dean enjoyed the crunch of the brittle leaves beneath his boots. The green grass was starting to brown as the weather got colder.
Maybe
Here he paused, uncertain, and said:
“Well, see, that’s the thing,” he said. “He went up to the house and knocked on the door.”
“I’ve told you angels are different. I could make you catch,” murmured Castiel, “and give me fledglings, Dean. Would you like that? Your belly round with – ”
and all those books by Peter Benchley?"
Dean moaned, and Castiel knew he was thinking of that first night.
Dean closed his mouth after that and let the angel lead them.
Then –
“We don’t want any trouble, sir,” he said. “You’re free to go.”
Obedient, pliant, open, submissive and subordinate –
God, it was hot.
Dean wondered why they still felt the need for sleep here, and how different the Shining City might be from the free-range heaven of all humanity.
“Come see.”
Dean frowned.
Afterwards, he collapsed boneless into the pillows, moaning pathetically as his cock still gave little valiant twitches, after it was all over.
shit, by choice?”
“Are you seriously right now going all … uh? Angel-sexual-phobic on me? Really.
“Nice things happen to other people.”
"Is that so," he said.
He stood up and opened the door.
"Except for me, of course," he said. "I'm as real as it gets."
"I sing to you this song of Apollo and of Hyacinth."
Sam nodded, enthusiastic.
"Promise me you won't squander it," said Dean. "Promise me, that one day, we'll get to have this. No more hiding, no more bein' a coward. An' I'll stand aside."
He realized swiftly that Dean was
It was my choice to come after you, Cas. Okay? You gotta get outta your head on this one, the guilt – believe me, I know from guilt. But sometimes…I don’t know, man. Sometimes it’s just time to carry on, know what I mean? Start from today. There’s just us. There’s only now. You get me?”
, I want you to be with me,
Great. Now he was annoyed with himself for
The motel sign glowed red through the thin curtains and vaguely illuminated the motor court outside. The motel itself was a humble affair, even more than their usual – dark plywood walls, brown bedspreads, brown and orange carpeting that had clearly not been replaced since the seventies. Warm and comforting, despite all that, but not about to win any prizes from Better Homes and Gardens.
He chose, as he often did, naivete.
“I love you too, Dean,” he said.
"You masturbate more than anyone on the planet."
"Thank you for helping us," Castiel murmured.
“Perhaps you have heard the story of Job. Or of Abraham and Isaac. Several others. I wanted to ensure that your intentions toward my favorite son were pure.”
“To what end?"
where all his words came from other, better mouths, and other, better heroes;
Oh well. At least he’d been honest.
"You wanna piss around me or something?" he demanded.
The outburst startled Dean just as much as Sam.
Sam hesitated. Then he sighed, raking a hand through his hair.
“I see that.”
“Very well,” said Michael. “This was only a courtesy call, anyway. Here to show you how much better life can be if you choose me, Dean. You want to slum around here with the grunts, be my guest. But you’ll find me one day. And you ought to be ashamed of yourself, Castiel – caught
"Heracles says the tables will be groaning with young lamb!" he said, excitedly. "And more wine than a man can drink!"
how he'd imagined, giving him a startled look -
Castiel smiled back.
Castiel smiled indulgently at Dean, as the vines began to lovingly wrap themselves around his legs and his appendages around Dean’s waist and chest.
"Not as British as you."
They parted at the doorway, Castiel back to his place among the servants, Dean to embrace his younger brother and tell him about the werewolf he'd winged but not killed.
In another reference to Spain, we are so lucky to be at this point in history where vaccines are readily available. The Balmis Expedition and the 22 Angels, orphan boys who had to bring cowpox around the world via tall ship in order to eradicate smallpox, would definitely recommend vaccination. Look it up - it's a fascinating story of sacrifice and the first worldwide vaccination program we ever had, and we have Spain to thank for it.
and then, a thought
Warm, and safe.
"Can I ask why?"
so much, so much, so much,"
“There’s no bedbugs, damn,” Dean said, rolling out of bed and scurrying into the shower.
Dean reached behind himself and pulled Castiel in for a searing kiss.
"He won't," he said. "I saw the look on his face. He won't."
"What makes you think I'll say yes?" he asked.
Dean could feel himself blushing.
“We have hired a full-time bodyguard,” they explained.
Sam smiled.
But then, he had his regrets.
and the people he worked with -
, and!”
Dean, curious, reached out and took the other end of the loaf.
Apologies are in order for slowing down a little on this one - I got sunburned on the sides of my hands of all things! Remember to put suntan lotion on ANY exposed skin if you are going to be working outside!
After he let
” he hissed through his teeth, fierce and true. “The answer is yes.”
"You seem to have upset your brother," he said.
"I want to tie you up," he said in a strangled voice. "Can I?"
“Okay,” said Sam, not even a moment later. “Out with it. What’s the big secret you’re obviously keeping from me?”
Thank you for reading!
“Are you still here?” he asked. “Dismissed.”
"Wait til I find a rerun," said Dean. "Five hundred channels these days, there's bound to be one. Then you'll see."
There were a few shrieks from the people of the village, as Castiel leaned against the bark of the dragon.
kept staring at him weird.
cannot be. I'm sorry."
and treated him to a searing kiss.
“On your knees.”
But not alone – never alone,
Then Cas, eyes hooded and dark, unbuttoned his pants, and unzipped slowly. He pulled his hard cock out, and then guided Dean’s mouth to it.
he breathed. “
Dean beheld that tired, well-loved face, the bright blue eyes, and the hands he’d been secretly dreaming about for ages.
Afterwards, as Charlie carried the shopping and Dean was stepping out in his brand-new, expertly-tailored duds, she suddenly paused at the door of the place he'd been shamed out of earlier.
Castiel said. “
"I am an extraterrestrial, yes," he said, grumpily, and folded his arms, ignoring Mulder's overjoyed look.
"Good morning," he said. "We fall in at the parade ground in half an hour."
“And by that definition, so am I.”
“Uh, thanks,” said Sam. “Not sure I’m ready for the, uh. Tentacles. Or whatever.”
in the wash of the great round sea and likewise the tide of time on these very paving-stones that would see love and war uncounted that would see murder and treason and betrayal immortalized and forgotten in the undertow of the great sea that is History, all is life and death and life again, so onward the ouroborous goes, the two halves now snakebiting themselves, two souls one soul birth death life anew consuming themselves as one, one on onward on the road;
“Hell of a time to be walkin’ around in this heat,” said Sam.
Dean felt the sensation of what he assumed must be Castiel struggling against his bonds.
Although that wasn’t
"Come in," said Castiel, with a heavy heart. "It's open."
Exhaling against Dean’s skin, Castiel laid a few reverent kisses on his back.
Dean was also mildly surprised that he had never considered where angels lived up here, because they didn’t show up in the free-range heaven for humans at all. Even in the prior heaven, those corridors of doors, that was clearly not where angels spent their time.
“That sounds like my people,” he said. “But perhaps…a new life is on the horizon for me.”
Sam showed Scully the information he had collected from various news sources.
They stood there, just staring, as the Impala’s engine ticked, cooling down.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” snapped Castiel. “I have more than enough equipment to satisfy you, Dean.”
He pointed at himself.
Castiel’s eyes flickered at the movement and Dean could
(See the end of the chapter for
said, you don't require much."
No one could see him here.
"I don't know what to say," he admitted. "Thank you?"
Dean stopped dead in the middle of a (thankfully empty) highway.
He was in human guise, and wore no shirt.
He took it out and briefly noted that there were hundreds of missed calls from Dean, some from Sam, a few others.
“Lately, my powers have been waning.”
One Castiel had been hearing for days now.
There was a sound, like the phone dropping to the bed.
“Is your brother all right?”
"For what you're paying me, I'll do a whole lot more than that," Dean grinned, but went to take a seat beside Castiel.
“Oh, you’re on,” he said, and began waxing poetic about Vonnegut.
Castiel picked up the phone and called Dean.
And suddenly, Castiel was alone, on his knees in an empty warehouse.
Sam twitched the curtain open.
"Nothin' between those ears but air."
“Like washing feet, feeding the hungry, stuff like that?”
“None of that matters,” he finally said. “My answer is no.”
“Does it matter?” he asked.
you used Three Wooden Crosses as your first story,” muttered Sam. “Of all the stories we know!”
“I don’t know what you mean.”
“Shouldn’t we find out why I did it first?”
Got a problem with that?”
"Or I will mind it for you," she said.
“Well, no, but I don’t want these other people to get killed either,” said Dean, lying through his teeth.
“Will you tell Cas,” said Dean evenly, to cover his anger, “that we are real. That this is real.”
Resolutely, he pressed onward.
"It's
“Why?” he asked, because direct questions usually got direct answers and they were in some trouble here.
There was a cautious moment, the world holding its breath, as Castiel turned to see Dean’s silhouette in the doorway.
"Good night, Cas."
"Sure," Dean said. "Will you excuse me?"
Dean propped himself up on his elbow.
Both Dean and Sam had to hurry to catch up to him as he led them once again down the hall to the garden.
"No, sir."
Then Castiel fled, and hid himself in the kitchens, where Arachne tutted around him and made him some soup.
“Please fuck me,” Dean murmured, eyes downcast, beneath a fan of ginger lashes.
