Holmes turned around to see Sherlock inspecting the cabinets and drawers. He found his way to the icebox and opened it to reveal a head in there. He immediately closed it and then looked at Holmes, before opening it again. Holmes watched in slight amusement at Sherlock’s reaction.
You remember right? You remember how you walked into the flat looking as deflated as a balloon. Did you notice me sitting there with our sleeping daughter in my arms? You hung your coat up and I waited. I waited for you to acknowledge me. Why? I don’t know, I just felt better knowing that you saw me, and that you were happy with me being near you. The only acknowledgement I got was a faint smile before it vanished and you wandered off into our room. Something wasn’t right with you, Sherlock, and it bothered me; it bothered me very much. I’m sure you knew that, and that’s why you tried your hardest to keep it under wraps, but if only you knew that you were making it worse.
How could I process that? I almost wanted to ignore the question completely and huddle in on myself and sleep, but I didn’t want you to feel like you overstepped some sort of boundary. As much as I didn’t want to answer, my mouth opened and out spewed the words.
“John, I know you hate it, I see the way you stare at yourself when you think I’m not watching. John, my conductor of light, love of my life, one of the things I love the most about you is this pudge. There’s nothing to be ashamed of. You’re perfect the way you are. I love the way your shirts show this little softness whenever you tuck them in, or sit down. Do you know how proud I am when I see this?”
We left the agency that day feeling particularly proud. I never let go of your hand, I remember the only time I released it was when you whisked away to take a shower. You didn’t want the company. That night, as we curled up in the bed, I had pleasant dreams of you, me, and our baby."
Since Kylie was already sleeping, I took it upon myself to take her into the room; she would only sleep in my arms for so long before she got irritated. When I stood up, I felt older, more tired than usual. That wasn’t a normal thing for me, and I think it was partially because you acted the way you did. When I entered the room, you were fishing around in your draw, almost like you were careful not to alert me to anything, and I know you, love, I can tell when you tried to hide stuff from me. I saw the pile of clothes neatly folded next to you, so I knew that it wasn’t a fresh change of clothes you were looking for. I was curious, I might even go so far as to say that I had your level of curiosity; I wanted to know what you were doing.
Sally was kneeling now, she was whispering kind words to the crying child. Mycroft sat as his desk and said, "You will be able to see her every other week. This should give you enough time to sober up."
"But to answer your question, I was just...checking up on you...I know that it's been a long time since we've last seen each other and trust me when I say that we have a lot of catching up to do, and I figured, why not stop off now? Before the Cybermen rise again or something like that."
John chuckles. He brings Sherlock's hand up to his face and peppers little kisses all over his bony wrist. No hospital bracelet, no clammy skin, his Sherlock, this is his Sherlock. He feels Sherlock trying to wriggle out of his grasp, but he holds on tighter.
He ignored the way Sally and Greg shuffled uncomfortably in their chairs. Mycroft stopped talking and simply stared at the father and daughter sat in front of him. He sniffed and then spoke again.
By the time they arrived at the reception hall, the guests were already beginning to settle in and take their seats. They’ve all had little plates with light snacks scattered about with glasses of champagne. Sherlock wasn’t much of a drinker, but for this occasion, he would drink the champagne, and he will love every sip of it. There was a long table at the front of the room. That’s where Sherlock and John are supposed to sit, along with the bridesmaids, and the best man. They were already seated and Sherlock smiled to himself, they know how to save time. They picked Molly as the maid of honor because she was their closest friend, and she did spend a great deal of time and effort helping with the wedding, and John insisted that they pick her. Sherlock glanced over at her sitting at the table, conversing with Lestrade and looking as giddy as ever in her lilac dress. He couldn’t deny it, the dress did suit her, and she felt comfortable in it. Sherlock turned his head to see John talking with The Doctor, and Holmes and Watson. Most likely, he was telling them where to sit since their attendance wasn’t exactly planned. He pointed to a table in the front that only had one person sitting there, but she moved to join her friends at another table in the back. Sherlock didn’t much care for them so he thought that it would be nice if they got hit with the door every time somebody entered and left. Watching the three move to their designated area, John turned to face Sherlock with the brightest smile on his face.
John couldn’t do anything in response except laugh and grin as wide as his mouth would allow him. They both sat staring at each other with the most genuine of smiles until Rosie wailed and started to wiggle around on Sherlock’s lap in discomfort. Sherlock set her down and watched her crawl over to a set of blocks. “I guess she felt smothered.”
“I started to see the real Sherlock Holmes, the one who made jokes, the one who had the awful laugh that I’ve come to adore so much, the Sherlock Holmes who’s terrified of spiders, the one that feels too much, the Sherlock that he’s locked away for such a long time. I’ve always caught the faces he made whenever somebody said something particularly rude to him.”
Wanting to see this “magical box”, I proposed that he take me to it when there was not a soul in the streets, so that I may form my own opinion on the matter. Naturally, he agreed.
You hugged her to your chest. Such a rare act of vulnerability and compassion on your part, Sherlock. I thought that I might have been in the wrong room for a split second.
With a certain heaviness in my body, I felt like my legs couldn’t support the weight anymore and I too sank down onto the bed with you. No one said anything, because nobody could. I just stared at the orange bottle, with your name printed out in bold and clenched my jaw at the prescription. It was depression, out of all things, love.
“I’ll never forget the day you asked me that question. It was the one thing I would never expect to leave your mouth. It was a normal day. Well, normal for us, that is. We just finished solving a case, well it was mostly you, I’m just there to stare at you and tell you how wonderful you are, as you once told me. But it was a nice day, there was no rain, the sun was out and shining down on us and everything that was in its path. You look nice in the sun; I’ve never told you that. It was the usual; some bloke goes off the deep end and decides to kill somebody. They don’t ever expect that you’ll be the one on the case. We head over to the crime scene, Lestrade fills you in on the details, you, Sally, and Anderson have your little “chat”, and then it’s on to the body. I watched in amazement as you deduced the victim and how they died, what they did while they were still alive and where and sometimes who the killer was, and then I would say that you were brilliant and give you a congratulatory kiss. It didn’t even take you less than five hours to solve it, in hind sight, I think you solved it long before then; you just wanted a reason to go out with me.
She pulled me into a light hug. I felt her swollen abdomen against my own stomach and silently prayed for the baby to kick. But she didn’t. Guess she was sleeping at the time.
“But I haven’t touched it in so many years. My bum grooves are not even imprinted in it any longer. You could have thrown it out and I would have never known.”
Greg was using his strength to hold John down, he was jerking in his grasp. The tears were threatening to fall.
“I’ve never been the one to shout my love for another on a rooftop, or walk about telling everyone who I fancy at the moment. I’m not the guy who can walk around with his heart on his sleeve, or express how I’m feeling at the time, and if I try to, I get angry, and then there’s a whole other mess for me.”
“Come, let me take your coat. Get comfortable Sherlock, really. It would make me happy to see you enjoying yourself. And I think Rosie is looking forward to living with you.” They both looked down at the infant who found her current enjoyment in eating her fist. John nearly sighed at the sound of Sherlock’s breath of laughter. He let John slide his coat off him slowly and whispered, “How can I deny you, John? Anything for you.”
I felt my eyes tearing up as I had to explain to you how much it would kill me to lose you for good.
It seemed like an eternity before they reached the flat. Sherlock was still dazed out of his mind and every time he would try to stand on his own and walk, he would stagger around like a zombie and would have to be caught by the two Johns before he would make contact with the hard ground. Holmes, he would turn back around every so often just to see where the other men where and if Sherlock was still conscious. Holmes entered the flat, their flat, first just to make some space for Sherlock who had his head hanging and was entirely supported by both Johns, thank goodness he's so skinny, though John still didn't agree with his fiancee's eating habits.
But as soon as the clock struck five, I raced out of surgery, and made my way to Baker Street as fast as I could. You were already home, you looked like you were about to change into your house clothes, and I’m glad you didn’t. You would’ve gotten upset if I told you to throw your clothes back on again.
Lestrade, he didn’t realize how old he was getting until he got shot by a criminal he was after. He was in a coma for a while, but they pulled the plug because he was a husk, and it seemed merciful.
"I tried so hard, Sherlock, in the weeks that came before you had to go to hospital. I woke up as early as I could to take care of Kylie, and then you would wake up and then I spent an hour of my life coaxing you into taking at least one bite of your toast. You were so thin, and you weren't making any progress, you would throw up as soon as you swallowed, and then you slept longer than what was normal. I knew that we were going to need real help, that we were going to need real medicine, and they only supplied it at Barts. You hated it, you hated me because I couldn't deny it anymore, I couldn't cater to your wish any longer. You and I both knew this day was coming, Sherlock, we lived in denial and thought that we could will it away. But we couldn't.
“Simple, I led them to the primary source of their feast. They hunger; they want to satiate their empty souls. They want you.
John nodded absentmindedly and carefully handed her over to Sherlock who walked lightly to her room. John seated himself at the table and stared at the plate that was already prepared for him. He smiled softly at how clean the plate was beside the food directly in the center. John didn’t care much for presentation but of course his posh boy did. He looked over at Sherlock’s plate and saw that it wasn’t nearly as tended to as his own. He loved that man. Sherlock appeared in the dining room and took his seat. His eyes were fixed on John with an eager smile on his face.
John's eyes were wide and refusing to stare at anything else other than the angel. He nodded frantically. His jaws clenched, as well as his fist. Moriarty would have a storm heading his way. He noticed that Sherlock was sporting a bruise on his cheek; no doubt one of Moriarty's goons hit him for their sadistic pleasure.
Holmes and Sherlock looked at each other with thoughtful glances. They were trying to talk to each other through mental voices that only they could hear, and try to devise a way that they would make it out of there alive and unharmed. Moriarty wasn't an idiot, they could plainly see that. Sherlock was slightly appalled that there was even a Moriarty here, but he should have seen it coming. The man standing next to him, clearly older, with hints of grey in his hair was a version of him. They were the same person with the same storylines, and of course, the same villain. And with Moriarty being the spider that he was, he was bound to make an appearance sooner or later.
‘So I’m one of your patients now?’ You snapped at me. You always reminded me of a wounded animal when you were scared or nervous, I was brave enough to actually approach you, unlike everyone else.
John’s nostrils flared as he turned his back on The Doctor and Watson and kept walking. The Doctor looked over at Watson, who gave a warm smile.
With an extra boost from his cane, he made his way to the front door. It was so tidy, Janine must have kept it pristine and Sherlock finished where she left off. The faint sound of buzzing was heard. Sherlock must have finally started bee-keeping. John could faintly recall the discussion they had about retirement, when things seemed to be okay and they were happy. Sherlock told him that he’s always had a penchant for them and would someday like to keep his own little collection. John laughed, and Sherlock wasn’t too happy when he did. He didn’t think Sherlock was serious. Sherlock forgave him afterwards, because he realized that it did sound a little funny coming from his mouth. John never thought that he would be into something like that.
“She’s dead,” Watson said casually. John was somewhat shocked at the way he uttered the sentence. Surely he cared for her.
“Sherlock, Sherlock, it’s alright love. I didn’t mean to make it sound as if I’m blaming you. I’ll see you for dinner, okay? What would you like?”
John knew the look in Sherlock's eyes. He could smell the bullshit. John did it to himself, he almost hoped that Sherlock would give him a rundown like he used to do. John had to bite his cheek to prevent the smile creeping up on his face. This is the smile that Kylie should have gotten.
"I'll be out in a moment, Mycroft; you may take your places while you wait. Keep the crowd entertained for a moment longer."
“No I wasn’t. Anyway, I told him about my flat in London, and how I needed a new place to stay. He told me about…a friend…he knew that had the same concerns. I think you know how the rest goes.” The hint of amusement in his voice.
She hung her head and walked back into her room. She never wanted to see him upset, she tried everything in her power to get him to smile. She felt bad for saying that to him, she knew that he wasn't going to throw them out, not if they belonged to Angel Daddy. She almost wanted to apologize right then and there, but he wouldn't accept it. He had to calm down first. John, on the other hand, let out a sigh. She was only trying to start a conversation with him, and she told him previously that the only way to do so was by bringing up Sherlock. He scrubbed the dish harshly, and for a split second he was worried that he might break it or chip it. Thankfully he wasn't that upset. All he had to do today was see Molly, that's it. He just had to sit on the bench and talk with her while Kylie played until her little heart gave out. This was something normal parents did, right? They hung out with old friends and went to parks with their children, just to feel like they belonged. John could do that. Normal was something he could handle being. If only for a few hours. He washed his hands to remove any extra soap that might've found its way to his hand while he was washing. He went over to his collection and poured himself two glasses of whiskey. He was running low, he would have to buy more soon. Or maybe not at all. He'll figure it out as the day went along.
John didn’t want it to happen like this, but he needed Sherlock to vent. Nobody should have so much pent up inside of them. Sherlock sat there, in his calm and cool demeanor. Who knows what he was thinking about? John was very worried and was going to make his way over to him when Sherlock finally opened his mouth.
‘It’s about my test results, isn’t it?’ You sounded worried. You had every right to be, lord knows I was gripping your hand for dear life.
He clasped hands with Watson who looked shocked to see him there. So he didn't notice him when he entered the room. Watson shook his hand with a puzzled look on his face. The Doctor removed his hand and placed it in his pocket.
He let go of Watson and then spun around to face the other two. He pointed at John with a mad grin plastered on his face.
“…You just stood there, Sherlock. I held the bottle of pills up and you just stared at them as if it was your deepest darkest secret being revealed. You were still wet, you’re hair was a wet curly mass on the top of your hair, and you had the towel wrapped around your waist; it gave me a sneak peek of your hips and the little line of dark hair that trails down. I was so cross with you, Sherlock. But I was getting turned on by the sight of you wet and half-naked in our doorway, and it made me even madder.
From his side of the bed, he could see the calendar on the wall next to the door. It was on January. He squinted so he could make out the date, January sixth, Sherlock's birthday.
You turned to face me and Kylie. Kylie was at least three or four months old by then. As she grew, the only thing that got bigger were her adorable eyes and cheeks. She's such a pretty little girl now, Sherlock, I know that I'll have to knock some heads when she gets around boys later on.
“I don’t know Sherlock, who knows what’s going on up there…” He had a light tone to his warning. Sherlock set his jaw, and clenched John’s hand.
“But you tend to mix it up, you call me ‘bee’ sometimes, ‘love’ is your favorite term of endearment for me. And ‘honey’ when you’re so inclined.”
So, they stopped off at the café for a pastry and some coffee and then went to the park. They sat on a bench and talked, while John sipped his coffee and Sherlock fed the baby. There was a pause in their conversation, Rosie just finished the last of her baby food, and John took a few sips from his coffee.
“Nonsense, I’m only telling you the norms of our society and how they differ from yours. There’s no harm in that. But I will tell you one thing, I envy you, only just a little bit, but my happiness outshines any feeling of jealousy.”
John dropped the rag and turned to face him. Sherlock stopped his scrubbing again, his hands submerged in the water as he stood straight and stared at nothing.
"Because..." if he were sober, he would have never said it out loud. That's the thing with being drunk, you can say what you couldn't say while sober. If he was lucky, he probably won't remember anything in the morning.
He clicked it on and it shone on Holmes’s chest. The man looked as if he has been struck with a fatal blow.
Upstairs, Holmes and Watson were also preparing for bed. Holmes was sitting in his armchair with his nightwear on and Watson emerged from the bathroom. He saw Holmes sitting and he stopped in his tracks.
“Do you mean to tell us that you never locked the doors, Doctor?” Sherlock asked with a bit of annoyance and scolding. The Doctor looked offended at the question.
“Do you find yourself content with the hand you’ve been dealt, Watson? Do you ever feel like you should’ve gotten better than what you have?”
Sherlock was laughing to himself as he remembered their reactions to stepping inside of the TARDIS. He remembered having the same reaction, but he was only a child, and it was his duty to be overly-excited about everything because excitement is a fleeting thing. People tend to expect everything now, and any surprise is unpleasant, so therefore, people choose to keep their excitement locked away. Not a child, a child could do whatever they wanted, make all the mistakes they wanted, laugh and cry at whatever they wanted to. They could do that because they were naive, they had no knowledge of the world they lived in. Sherlock had to learn that the hard way.
He wants Sherlock to stop touching him. He wants Sherlock to stop killing him with the soft words that he spoke, and the touches that he ached for. Just let him drink!
During our late night conversation, the topic of conversation was sort of morbid. You decided that you wanted to cuddle with me that night, I was so grateful to feel the warmth of your body; I should never feel coldness where another body lays. I can still feel your long graceful fingers curling the short, blonde hairs on my chest as we talked. Your hair tickled my cheek, but it felt good. My hand stroked your back and I loved how you shivered as I ran my fingers down your spine. My lamp was off, but yours was still dimly lit, as you were reading when I entered the bedroom. I could see the bright colors of the crib that was placed across from our bed. I was getting ready to fall asleep, work was busy that day.
He activated it again and held it over his head. At first, nothing seemed to happen, but in the blink of an eye, Moriarty was surrounded by Weeping Angels. The terror and agony took over the calm and collected man; he tried to get away but to no avail.
John looked like he wanted to say something, but he remembered. He's in a public place, with a friend. The last thing that needs to happen is his waking up in a cell. John speed walks over to the coat rack and gets his jacket. Greg follows after him.
She looked like she had more questions to ask him, but she was so tired that she simply nodded and he watched as she walked out of the living room. He let out a sigh and then looked over at Sherlock, who hasn't moved from his spot on the couch. John's face hardened the longer he stared at Sherlock, finally, he said, "What is it?"
“I left him alone for two years. I was alone just the same, but John had to deal with my death. He always prefers to suffer in silence, he’s so stubborn. But in those two years I was away, I…I just wanted to go back to John, I didn’t want to be trapped in that prison anymore, if it wasn’t for Mycroft, yes he’s my brother too, I probably would have died.”
Sometimes they were green, sometimes they were crystal clear. His eyes were what made him so unique, so devastatingly gorgeous. Just like him they were an enigma. John pressed a kiss to both eyes that were wet with salty tears. He wanted to wipe his pain away.
“…It all happened so fast. We were talking about bringing a baby into our lives, and then next thing we knew, we were already at an adoption agency, trying to find a parent that was willing to give up their own flesh and blood to another family. I was happy, I was finally getting the family I’ve always wanted, well, not exactly how I imagined it, but I was still very content with what I had. Not everybody gets the chance to fall in love and marry the world’s only Consulting Detective, who was downright brilliant too. The first few times we went to the agency, we were met with no suitable matches. As you know, we were discouraged, but something about read that you were somewhat relieved. You were scared, love, I know you were. I made sure to reassure you, we were going to be parents soon. There will come a day where we’ll welcome our child into our lives, and we’ll be so happy when that day came. You smiled, but I didn’t quite reach you yet.
I shook my head and continued to stand. Mycroft rolled his eyes and said, ‘Yes, I’m going to sit here and wait until my little brother is out of surgery.’
He has Kylie now, he has something to live for. He tells himself this for the rest of the walk over to Baker Street. He doesn’t say much to Mrs. Hudson. He just tells her the events at work and leaves with Kylie in tow. He usually told Sherlock about work. Kylie talks to him with a smile on her face. She talks about the work they did in class, and the friend that she made at her table, and the sticker that she earned for good behavior. He’s genuinely interested, but his smile doesn’t convey that.
'Yes well...I'll come back soon to check up on you, politics can be very demanding at times. Until next time little brother.'
It wasn’t until Harry came over, that I finally began to realize that you needed help. Remember that Sherlock? Remember how she sobered up just to meet Kylie? I’ll always remember that.
John yawned and nodded, he was very close to sleeping in that chair, but he would pay for it with sore limbs the next morning and a grumpy doctor, wasn't a very friendly, or effective one. He kissed Sherlock's parted lips and rose from the chair, already feeling the effects of sitting in it too long. He gave one last glance at the Doctor, who only responded with a curt nod and watched as John walked the few inches to his bed and practically collapsed in it without even turning the lamp off. The Doctor shook his head with a smile as he watched John fall in a deep sleep in record time. He looked down at Sherlock and started speaking to him, even though he wasn't going to respond.
“Oh no you don’t, you didn’t think that I would just let you go without returning the favor did you?”
Holmes moved to his chair and pouted. John just remembered that he had to go and check on Sherlock. He told the Doctor and then made his way to the room he was staying in. He opened the door slowly to find Sherlock lying down in the bed still, though he couldn't tell if he was sleeping so he moved in closer. He saw Sherlock breathing lightly, so he was just sleeping now, he wasn't in a semi-coma. He crouched down and gently brushed his cheek and moved some curls out of his face.
He started to fiddle around with the various levers and switches and buttons that were laid out in front of him. John felt the TARDIS shaking and making the same wheezing noise that he heard when he was in his flat. Then, out of nowhere, everybody thrusted forward, Sherlock was holding onto the metal bars and the Doctor was firmly latched onto what John thought was the steering wheel, whereas John had nothing to grab and thus landed face first on the cold floor. He could hear Sherlock laughing at him in the distance and groaned loudly.
After the drawing, Sherlock had been uncharacteristically quiet, I asked him if he was hungry and he only grunted, I took it as a yes. I could have sworn, just as I was putting the risotto on the plate, I caught Sherlock looking at the name and he seemed sort of put out, I guess, at his recipient. I wanted to ask but that would only end in a row, and I didn’t want to spoil the holidays by being angry at him. Christmas is probably the only holiday that I don’t fancy being alone for, and I don’t know how long it’s been since Sherlock’s spent Christmas with anybody. We ate in relative silence for the most part that night. He asked me how work was, surprisingly, and I answered but that was all that was said. I knew that something was definitely wrong when he went straight to his room after dinner. His bedroom is the last place he would go, and certainly not while I was still awake. It worried me, but I left it alone and went to my room early too.
I couldn’t say that I had. I spent so many days angry at you for your cold, distant, behavior. Harry took the silence as a yes.
It didn't matter that Sherlock was crying now, John wouldn't make fun of him for doing it. What did matter was that moment and all other moments that would come after. They spent the rest of that night making slow, sweet, passionate love, and many other nights after that too.
True to my word, I dashed back to our flat to pick up Kylie, and then took a cab to hospital after work. I approached the front desk, gave them my name, and then headed up to your room. You took to laying on your side in the bed, complained about the bed hurting your back because of its hardness. Your eyes were always closed when we entered, you weren’t really asleep; you just lost yourself in thoughts. Your smile was small, but I was always glad to see it. I would sit in the chair placed next to your bed, with Kylie sat in my lap as we chatted. I told you about my day at work and how dreadful some of my patients were, and you laid there and you listened. You really listened, not like what you used to do back at the flat where it went in one ear and out the other, you were genuinely engaged in what I had to say. I know that sometimes you did actually listen to me complain but it wasn’t like how you did then. Kylie grew, she was close to…what was it…I believe she was four months nearing five. She was learning too, she started to make little noises here and there, and she smiled a lot more. You would stroke her hair that was close in color to yours, it had to be the father’s hair color because it sure as hell wasn’t Susanne’s. Kylie smiled and laughed at you when we came to visit, she grabbed your finger once and you kissed her forehead for it. You never did much talking, but when you did, you would always bring up a past case, or a vacation we took, or little details from our wedding night that only you would remember. You were becoming weaker by the day, love, your energy went faster than I have ever seen, and your mood fluctuated every hour of the day. You would smile on some days, then you would cry on others and then hate me for ‘imprisoning’ you at Barts. On those days, I didn’t bring Kylie with me because I didn’t want you to hurt her when you lashed out at me. You would have felt so guilty afterward. For a while, I kept the routine up, visiting you with Kylie and other times without Kylie, and then I would head home to begin the cycle anew.
“You don’t understand, John. Everything I have ever done since the wedding was to make you happy and to make sure you were still safe. I wanted you to have a happy marriage and to live a long happy life, even if I wasn’t the one you chose to spend it with.”
He walked past John and knelt down next to Sherlock's face. John felt his body getting hot as he watched Watson inspect Sherlock further, he recognized it as jealousy, but he fought hard to get rid of it, Watson wasn't doing anything except his job, which John should be doing as well. John walked past Holmes and over to their sink. He caught Holmes's attention.
John always felt his ego lift a bit whenever he was called doctor or captain. It made him feel good, just like how Sherlock feels whenever he calls him brilliant or amazing. John responded in a curt nod.
John realized that Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to look him in the eyes. That was thing about him, his eyes always betrayed the feeling that he tried to show. He knew that talking about this upset Sherlock, and that was not the point of the conversation at all. John only rubbed Sherlock’s arms and offered the gentlest smile he could muster, which wasn’t very hard when he was with him.
“The apple of my eye…” John finished. His cheeks were tinted red as he listened to Sherlock’s soft voice sooth the crying baby. Sherlock chuckled and kept singing, and John joined in with him, not caring how he looked to his boss or anyone that walked past his office. He knew this nursery song, and he missed the opportunity to sing with Sherlock last time.
“You could stay with me,” John said without hesitation, “Er…you can stay with us. Rosie and I, until your flat is fixed.”
“Ah! Those merciful statues, such a beautiful way to die, don’t you think? You think your dead, you wish to be deceased, but you instead find yourself in a field unknown to you. You could be anywhere, you’re not certain. Heaven, Hell, wherever. You feel dead, but you’re not dead.  You’re in a time distant from your own, alone, and scared. You want to go home, you want to be alive again, but you can’t, and you’re not. Instead you find yourself growing weaker, watching as the wrinkles of age come to your face, not knowing that you’re food to the murderers that put you there. You grow old and die, isolated, helpless. What poetic creatures, the angels are. Don’t you think?”
“I missed you, John. I waited for you every day. I thought that maybe if I did something, play your favorite song on the violin, clean the flat, go on a case, you would come back. But you never did.”
Watson nodded in agreement. John shuffled, unsure of how he was to say it. He could blurt it out and then act like he never said it, or he could completely skirt around the idea and try to change the subject but the soldier in him screamed to tell the truth and get it over with. He chose to listen to his soldier side.
He slid on his coat and closed his bedroom door after walking out. He forced himself to not look into her room. He hated feeling the guilt that her room produced. He should have been more responsible, he should have been less selfish. He stood in front of his fridge and read the post- it note. Yes, he was a failure. He looked at the picture that he took of Sherlock and himself sometime after their marriage. Sherlock smiled so much. John smiled so much. He bent down and stared at the picture he took of newborn Kylie. John spent so many days hyping Sherlock up about her arrival, about becoming a parent. The days after she was born, he was so very tired, but he couldn’t help but fall in love with her each and every time he had to put her back to sleep. That seems like so long ago.
John's jaw clenched at Sherlock's strained voice. He was never good with headaches and absolutely hated when he got them. John knew he was very unhappy now.
I’m not sure of what you said to them, you had me step out the room for each guest. All I know is that they came out sobbing, well, Mrs. Hudson and Molly did. Greg, he was hanging in there. He wasn’t about to break down in the middle of a hospital. Mycroft never showed up, not until later. I was angry at him, why would he do this to you? What was so bloody important that he couldn’t come and visit his own little brother in the hospital? I was stewing in my anger until I heard the familiar tapping of his brolly. He sauntered past me without so much as a glance, and into your room. I had half a mind to give him a whack, but forced myself to remain in the chair. The fact that he came at all meant something to me, and I’m sure to you as well.
He looked shocked, and his shoulders slowly sagged as if he were holding his breath. He nodded and muttered a short, “Thank you, John.”
‘I’m sorry, John’ You said, ‘I have told him many times who you were but I don’t think he ever remembers.’
Sherlock’s head was close enough that John could kiss it without much effort. He did, and then he stroked it. He looked at his clock. It was time for him to get ready. Rosie started crying.
"No, Doctor wait!" John shouted in an angry whisper. It was too late, he was gone. He left him alone with a semi-conscious Sherlock and two people who may or may not be them. But there was nothing he could do about it, he would just have to wait for the Doctor to come up with a plan.
I smiled and pecked your cheek. I left the room and returned with them. Mrs. Hudson was the first to launch herself onto you. I smirked at the sight. She let go and then began fiddling with everything on you, she tried to fix your gown, she messed around with your curls and when she talked to you, it was almost as if we were back at the flat. She asked you if you were eating, and you neglected to tell her that you weren’t. Then she asked if you were comfortable, if you needed your pillow fluffed, or if you were thirsty. You smiled politely and entertained her. I think you missed that, her mother henning, I mean. She talked to you for at least half of the time you allotted them, but I wasn’t about to tell you that.
“In school, I was the one that got picked last for everything, the one nobody wanted to partner with for a project, which I didn’t mind so much. I was the one who ate alone at lunch, and sat away from the other children while I did some menial experiment or another. If it was obvious enough, nobody likes me, and I use present tense because it still applies to this day.”
I said something along the lines of, ‘Sherlock and I talked about this earlier, the day before he got here. He told me that he didn’t want any of you to visit him here.’
Sherlock chuckled and shook his head. “I’m fully aware that we are…dating now, and what being a couple means. But we’ve only ever acted as such privately, or when there was very few people around. I am sure that some of these customers know of me, of us, and I would understand entirely if you do not want to be seen on a romantic dinner with me.”
John took a breath and looked at Sherlock. Those blue eyes were going to kill him, if his gun didn’t first. He reached up and moved to stroke Sherlock’s cheek, but his hand stopped in mid-air, and it shook. Why couldn’t he be granted this? Why was he preventing himself from touching his Sherlock? Why was he such a glutton for punishment? He shook his head and brought his hand down.
Coolly, Holmes sauntered to the two men and with the most courteous smile he could manage, he asked, “If I may, can I play you a song while you share your dance?”
"Well, the good news is that he woke up, this shows that while the concussion is still present, it shall fade in time. Give it a few hours to a day."
“I think she’s having a bit of tummy pain. We’re in the bathroom now, I’ve just given her a sip of the oil. She didn’t eat much this morning.”
His eyes opened slowly and revealed a sleeping John Watson lying next to him. His mouth opened slightly and short bursts of his breath on his face. Sherlock smiled and thought about last night. How John laid awake with him for hours before his crying finally stopped and he fell asleep. He kicked himself, he was displaying a gross expression of emotion yesterday. He threw logic out the window and filled his head with sentiment and he’s ashamed to think of how John saw him crying over the sink full of dishes because he wasn’t talking to him. Sherlock told himself in that moment that he shouldn’t cry because this wasn’t new to him. He knew the day would come when John would finally decide that he wasn’t worth his time, that he could find somebody better than him. He braced himself for the news, and it hurt him to think that he wasn’t enough for John when John was the whole world to him. He nearly made it without crying, but then he looked at John, who was so close to him, drying the dishes and he couldn’t help himself. When John kissed him, and told him that he loved him, he still cried, but it was because the man of his dreams told
“There are some things that we want that we can never truly hope to have, Holmes. You eventually learn to accept it and make the best out of what you already possess.”
‘I don’t know if any of you were aware, but Sherlock has been…ill for a while.’ I didn’t sound like myself.
'Well, it's not that bad, you can still go home, but you'll need to rest and a lot of it. I'm sure that your husband will see to that, won't you?' He gestured over to me.
“But, Sherlock, there are a few questions I’ve been meaning to ask you, if you care to answer them.”
“I’m very glad that you think of me so highly. It is rare you ever take the time you pay somebody a compliment.”
After Kylie was taken care of, it was our turn to eat. I asked you what you wanted and you responded with takeaway. I do admit that at the time, some General Tso's chicken sounded good and I'm sure that you weren't going to disagree. I would have let you order your usual spicy garlic chicken and white rice, but I was worried that your stomach wasn't going to agree with it and so I talked you into getting some soup. We settled on Wonton soup. You took small, careful sips, and occasionally sprinkled some of the egg foo young inside of it. As I ate I kept a watchful eye over you.
Sherlock’s cheek darkened at John’s loud laugh. “Alright, you got me there. Come on, I want to cook for you tonight. I don’t think I’ve returned that favor either.”
Holmes seemed more than satisfied with the answer than he originally expected to. He sat back with a pleased look on his face, as if he has eaten a meal that he greatly enjoyed and observed Sherlock a bit longer.
“Nothing of importance, it’s just that, as much as I am loathe to admit it, having you to talk to is very…refreshing.”
Moriarty grabbed Sherlock roughly by the wounded wrist and yanked him away from the situation in the hallway.
“Sherlock…. shh, hey, hey love, it’s alright, I got you. I have you.” He pulled Sherlock into an embrace and kissed his head gently, ignoring the pain of the man punching his chest and stomach with all his might. The tears hit the side of his neck in large, hot drops. What happened to him? Who hurt him to this extent? What was he saying? He was probably having a nightmare about him. John had been far from innocent. His fingers ran up and down the jagged back, passing over the rough spots that were his scars.
"Please," John replied quickly, "I don't think we'll need two Watsons walking around. Well, at least by name anyway."
"...Turns out that you did need chemo....and how awful those weeks were, Sherlock. But in the days before that, when you came back home...I don't know what I'm trying to do because it wasn't any better. You were so weak, weaker than before. Your skin was so pale and your curls...your soft, beautiful, bouncing curls, they were lifeless and sprawled all over your clammy forehead. You were sweating, but you were cold, Sherlock. Your eyes, they looked so tired, you wanted to sleep, everything was becoming so hard on you and taking so much of your energy, I practically had to carry you up the steps. You were on the painkillers when we got back to the flat, you complained about wanting to sleep, and then you asked if Mrs. Hudson was muddling with your things again. I smiled and told you that everything was as you left it and that seemed to calm you down. Or maybe the medicine did, I don't know. I do, but I don't want to believe that I'm right, Sherlock. I won't accept that thought, along with many others.
Sherlock was staring at the tuxedos that were hanging up in the open wardrobe. He bit his lip and his hands tightened around each other, with a finger resting on a shiny gold engagement ring that John Watson gave to him all those months ago. He was caught by surprise, everybody was. They were at home when he did it. They were in the beginning stages of their shag, they were only half-naked. Sherlock was pressing gentle kisses to John's chest, and then moving over to his shoulder where the scar was. His soft lips kissed the scar, making sure that he got every inch of it before moving anywhere else on his body. John was grazing Sherlock's long graceful neck with light breaths and heavy kisses. John was propped up in the bed, whereas Sherlock was sitting in between his legs, with his arms wrapped around John's own neck. John's hands were grabbing the detective's fine hips, but his hands were going lower, they finally stopped on Sherlock's rather plump behind. John would pull apart from Sherlock's neck and then press his lips against his.
I think I wanted to enjoy the moment. I dropped the conversation and kept you in my arms as we awaited the arrival of our baby. Of our Kylie. And from your silence, you wanted the same thing.
"Nothing, it's just, I remember when I was younger, I had a talk with a man, never did get his name."
“It depends on how many fall out. In your case, two fell out so you would get…how does a fiver sound?”
She saw the way John's hand paused as he was scrubbing down his plate. Wasn't like he ate much anyway.
Also, feel free to check out my other work, I just finished my other Sherlock fic Vitruvian! Thank you all for reading! (I'm going to start naming these chapters so yeah)
That seemed to make Watson happy because in no time he had Sherlock's other arm draped over his shoulder and helped the shorter man walk his friend to their home. The Doctor walked next to John and whispered, "Ask them who they are."
His kisses started to trail down to John’s neck, eliciting a louder moan. Sherlock smirked as he traveled lower and lower until he got to where he needed. He smiled.
‘When can I…go home…?’ Your face softened and the grip on my hand got tighter. You always thought that I had the answers to the questions you couldn’t figure out. That wasn’t always the case, Sherlock. Sometimes, I was just as clueless as you.
Both siblings saddened at Clara’s name. Sherlock has never met her, but from the way Harry described her, she was to her what John is to him. But alcoholism’s effects don’t only harm the alcoholic.
The Doctor's tone deepened and he looked more worried by the second. John's attitude wasn't helping either.
John could not believe the words that came out of Sherlock’s mouth. He was angry that people treated the love of his life so poorly that he thinks that being seen with him romantically is an embarrassment, or a punishment. He is so ready to hear John agree with him, for them both to leave all for John’s sake, and this imaginary thought that he was thinking along those lines. Instead of hounding Sherlock with his bubbling anger, he only smiled and placed his open hands on the table to receive his love’s.
Sherlock's tone was so much softer than he was used to. The little curly-haired boy looked up at him, eyes red and puffy from all the crying.
“I’ve…I’ve always had to hide who I truly was. I was never able to show myself to the world, to my friends or family, I’ve always secluded it from myself, to others. I’ve spent so long in denial about who I was, who I am. I’ve tried to do everything in my power to stop myself being the way that I am, to give myself the allusion that it wasn’t me I was running away from. Everything was perfectly alright with me. T here was times where I found the courage to finally confront myself, and my peers the truth about me, the real John Watson, but I always ended up discouraged and even scared at times.”
I took a seat on the chair and opened your laptop. I was surprised that you didn’t have a password. You know what, never mind, you would have probably locked yourself out of it because you deleted the password.
“It’s alright love, you can sleep too. By the time you both wake, I’ll be home. So, it works out for all of us.”
They sat in silence for a while, watching the other children scurry about in their mundane games. Sherlock had a look of disgust on his face. It wouldn't have been so repulsive to him if they only invited him when he was younger. Young Sherlock had a look of longing and sadness as he watched them have fun and knowing that they would never ask him to play with them. Sherlock frowned once he caught Young Sherlock's face.
“You’re so clever, and beautiful, Sherlock I’m utterly besotted, okay? You’re brilliant, and kind, and…Sherlock I don’t think there’s any word in the English language that will ever tell you how dear you are to me.”
He placed his hand on the cold tombstone. Then he stuffed it back inside of his pocket after giving Sherlock a salute. He turned and then made his way towards the exit of the cemetery.
The Doctor's words rang through John's head. He was right. This was the time where everybody had to have wives and children, when two people of the same-sex weren't allowed to be together or even desire a person in that way. It was either you were married to the opposite gender or you weren't married at all. It was punishable by death in some cases.
‘J-John?’ You managed to get out. I smiled. You looked so vulnerable and that was a rare sight. Your chest was bare, revealing the dark hairs covering it. You were breathing slowly.
“We can’t get married, all of our friends and family are dead, and anything could happen to us! You could get sick, or take a nasty slip; you could have a heart attack, or you could even get Alzheimer’s! We’re old John, and old people either have someone to die with, or they have none at all. I don’t want to finally have you, and then lose you, John. I don’t.”
He sauntered over to the door and then opened it gently, he ushered a hand towards the corridor to signal that they could leave the room. The both of them were walking close together, taking slow and wide steps, wearing calm and collected faces, minds racing to find even the slimmest chance of escape, but coming up with no results. They realized that he anticipated everything that they were going to do, he knew before they even got to his home. He planned all of this. He was looking forward to what he had in store for him.
“Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the grooms, I would like to thank you for coming today. My name is Greg Lestrade, or as Sherlock likes to call me, anything starting with the letter G.”
Greg cringed at being called by his rank. He maintained his professionalism and continued talking to John. He buckled the man in and clapped a hand on his shoulder. He took notice at how unresponsive John was being.
Anyway, thank you all so much for the kudos and the views and the comments and the bookmarks! I'm honored that you guys like my writing! I hope to make more in the future!
“Anything else, John?” Sherlock’s voice was as soft as he could will it, careful not to wake the baby up.
“How very unoriginal, “thinking sprees”? I am simply paying closer attention to its details, details make everything that much more interesting, Watson!”
Holmes was getting irritated. He knew that it was useless trying to deduce in the dark, which is why he preferred not to be in it, but it would be so much simpler with two Sherlocks, just this once, at least.
She slid a small photograph on the desk and we both inspected it. Old habits die hard, I guess.  She was a pretty thing, red-head, with tiny, light-colored freckles sprinkled across her face. She looked twelve, but she wasn’t. I couldn’t quite place her eyes, but when we met her, they were blue-green, you remember, right? Of course you do.
John removed himself from the door and stepped back to give the person a wide berth so that they could come in. The door swung open. John and Watson both narrowed their eyes so that they could get a better visual on their target. The lamp was utterly useless. With each step the stranger took, John's hand started to clench into a fist, and Watson set his jaw and posed in an intimidating stance.
Sherlock's deep chuckle would resound through his body, giving good vibrations to John. He would break the kiss to reply, but they would still remain so close to each other, nose pressed against nose, feeling the heat from each other's breaths blowing lightly on them.
John didn't respond. He sat on the tiny bit of the couch that wasn't being covered by Sherlock and kept at Sherlock's forehead.
Sherlock propped his head up, his blush lessened so that his cheeks looked relatively normal. His elbow rested underneath his head and his other arm now wrapped around Rosie’s tiny body. He stared at John and yes, it was true that he loved Sherlock like he’s never loved before. But does John truly know the extent of how much John was loved and needed? He waited for the conversation to die away. John hadn’t said anything, and Sherlock was waiting for John to say something. Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed. Oh John…
“I’m sorry that Clara couldn’t be here, she loves soppy stuff like this. She would still be crying right now even though the ceremony’s been over for quite some time.”
Holmes looked as if he has found the next big scientific breakthrough. He was fawning all over Sherlock’s pocket-sized flashlight and took it from his hands.
I thought that I might give Molly a ring, to check up on Kylie, to take my mind off of everything. I pulled my mobile out of my pocket and started dialing her number. She picked up rather quickly. She sounded busy, and I thought I heard crying in the distance. Molly spoke quickly and it was something along the lines of ‘Sorry John, I can’t talk now, Kylie’s starving and I can’t find her bottle.’ That was cut short. I was moving to put my mobile away when I got a call from a blocked number. Normally, I would just let it ring, but I had a hunch and so I answered. As I suspected, your brother was on the other line.
“Do you know that you look quite stunning when you wake up?” John laughed at the question and rolled his eyes. They didn’t say anything after that, John moved to rest his head on Sherlock’s chest, and closed his eyes from the pleasure Sherlock’s massage was giving him.
He wanted nothing more but to lay in bed, watching this man sleep, but the day awaited, Rosie was due to cry at any moment. He had work. He had half a mind to call in sick.
'Sherlock, hush.' I interrupted, 'Neither of us knew that this would happen, I wasn't going to think of that because I didn't need you to worry about it more than you already were. Do I know that surgery doesn't go great all the time? Yeah, of course, I do, and so do you.' I saw your eyes piercing right through mine, but I kept talking. ' I told myself that I was going to stick by you no matter what happens, and here I am, sticking by you.' I paused briefly so that I can take your hand. It was clammy, but I didn't mind.
‘You know John, you could have handled that a better way.’ Spoke Harry who was making her way to the couch.
It was then I saw you look so soft and human as you let my words sink in. You looked unbearably tired, but you didn't stop staring at me for a second. It was then when I saw your warm smile that I knew I reached you. I kissed you, and you kissed me back.
“Yes, I suppose you are correct. You’ll pardon me then, I thought it best that you were not disturbed when you go into your daze of thoughts.”
‘Jesus, Sherlock, cancer out of all things…’ He started, ‘I mean…what can I say? Get well soon doesn’t seem like the right thing to tell you.’
“It was enough, John. You’re enough for me.” They both shared a few more kisses until they heard Rosie’s cries from down the hall.
“Even though it killed me to see you with her, almost literally, I might add, nothing made me happier than to see you smile. And because I…care for you…a great deal…I let you go. I let you go be with someone who wasn’t dangerous, who wasn’t chasing down dangerous criminals, who couldn’t even take care of themselves properly, who couldn’t even make you happy….Someone who wasn’t me.”
Watson paced around the flat; he only halted to glance at the clock before resuming his pacing. Holmes was attempting to read one of his many books but was distracted at Watson’s frantic musing. With a roll of his eyes, he marked his spot on the book before closing it and setting it on his lap. He steepled his hands under his chin as he observed his companion grumble to himself and stop to check the clock and then reverted back to his grumbling. Holmes was a bit amused at this sight, Watson wasn’t the one to grouse around the flat like this, but after a time, it began to get under his skin.
I was just about done explaining when you came out the room with your coat on ready to go. I moved to fetch mine, said my farewells to Molly and Kylie and left with you to go to the doctor's.
John blinked and Sherlock was enveloped in Rosie again, laughing and playing with her. It happened so fast that John thought he imagined it. Sherlock was singing to him. He smiled and returned to making the tea. He replayed Sherlock singing in his mind, despite it just happening. If only it were recorded, he would play it repeatedly until the disc broke. He hummed it softly still thinking of those gorgeous eyes looking right through him, straight into his core and singing those lines so carefully. He heard Sherlock say, “Are you growing the tea leaves yourself? You’re taking an awful long time.”
‘It’s hard to say, Sherlock, some people are lucky; they get to the cancer before the cancer gets them.’
“Growing up, I’ve always been…different, I think is the mild term, no doubt there are many others who would use other, more slightly harsher words than the one I am using right now.”
'But, Sherlock, they all know what you're going through, Mrs. Hudson had to go through something like this years back...' I tried to reassure you, but it was failing and I knew that I would have to stop soon. You shook your head.
He should, but he can't. He can't do much of anything anymore. Hell, he barely manages to exist. He doesn't even know if he can call himself a parent anymore. Poor Kylie, she could've had the best life, she could have been so much happier if she wasn't John's daughter. There are some nights where he can't even stand to look at her. He's probably hurt her so bad and on so many different occasions.
I opened my mouth to speak to you, to tell you that it needed to be done, that this wasn’t going to go away, even with the surgery. You still would have had cancer in your body, and that’s a lot for people to deal with. I saw the wear and tear, Sherlock; this was bothering you more than you let on. No words came out, and you were one step away from spitting hot coals. You rolled your eyes and walked past me into our room. You slammed the door, and I was pissed at you because you were acting like a child, but I decided to let you go on your little tantrum and get it out of your system. I kissed Kylie on the nose and her close as I mentally prepped myself for the oncoming storm that was you, Sherlock.
Sherlock was still swaying a bit. He might have a bit of a concussion, not anything serious, but he still needed care. Before John could speak, he heard another man running down the street.
"My word, John you've almost given me a heart attack! What are you doing up so early, popping into the kitchen like some sort of spirit?"
he looked. His body damp, with the beads of water on his blond chest hair, the towel wrapped tightly around his waist so that the roundness of his stomach hung slightly over the edge. His scar that stretched across his shoulder was a bit pink from being under the hot water. His hair, oh his hair, wet and long and styled into the swoop that Sherlock has come to love so much.
“Holmes and I decided that we should all go out, and enjoy the day we have been bestowed with, isn’t that right, Holmes?”
He looked around for a moment and with a short sigh, he took a seat in the chair next to mine. I was shocked, to put it mildly. He placed his umbrella in between his legs and twirled it around. When he realized that I wasn’t sitting, he looked up at me.
'I don't care about what you call me, is my husband alright? Is Sherlock okay?' I noticed the faint flicker of disgust in his eyes once I told him that I was your husband. It was the same look my father gave Harry when she came out as a lesbian. I didn't want him as your doctor, Sherlock, I requested that somebody else take over your care, I would have even done it myself if I could, but instead they made my old med school colleague in charge of your convalescence. I was happy, there was no way in hell you were going to be put in the hands of that homophobic prick. But before I did all of that, Doctor Prick informed me of your condition. He said that it was something to do with the surgery, that there were complications. I suspected as much, but I wanted to know more, I wanted to understand what exactly was wrong with you. Unfortunately, he told me that they would have to run a few tests in order to form the correct diagnosis, I was disappointed, but then I asked them where you were located. It was the other doctor, the one who went to med school with me, who led me to your room. It was the same number as our flat, I think they did that on purpose. I opened the door just as he turned to walk away and saw you lying in the bed. You were sleeping, but you looked so pale, paler than usual. I made careful steps to your bedside, you only slept that heavily when you were very tired. I pulled up the chair next to your bed and took a seat. You were snoring, well your breaths were a little bit harder than when you normally sleep. Your mouth hung open a bit, but it would close after a few minutes whenever you swallowed. I was grateful for your being asleep because then you wouldn't hit me for calling you adorable. While I was watching you sleep, I took one of my hands and rested it on your cheek and stroked it with the pad of my thumb. You reacted to the touch by giving a small smile, you knew it was me, I was the only one who could touch you like that. Pretty soon your eyes fluttered open and I was met with your beautiful blue eyes. They were a mixture of green and blue then.
