Or he at least believes himself when he says he’s not one of them. Which doesn’t necessarily mean he’s not. Self-delusion and all.
Dean shivers, when his wolf pushes to the forefront and wants him to get closer to this infuriatingly handsome man, who’s making pleading eyes at him.
sorry. Cas kept his word and more. So he tilts his head up, wiping at his cheeks angrily. When Cas meets his gaze with enough kindness to fill the oceans, he grouses.
Castiel nods and Dean is acutely aware of the eyes on him. On them. “Would you like me to come with you?”
He pushes himself, his muscles singing under the welcome strain. It’s burning off the alcohol in a flash and the world comes into beautifully sharp focus. He’s running blind, intent on outwitting Castiel rather than hiding and cowering.
Castiel is asleep. Dozing, at the very least. Eyes closed, the Alpha looks his actual age, when he isn't flirting up a storm. Beautiful, really, both as a human and a wolf to the point where it’s unfair. Dean breathes him in quietly, his heart quivering under the effects.
His proposal deviates from what John wanted. It’s something he thought about for a good, long time. He discussed it with Sam and Charlie, who were onboard and who will back him in the here and now. John wanted strictly separated teams and backups to track Novaks while they’re on their shift, an unnecessarily paranoid move as far as Dean is concerned and a waste of resources. Per Winchester protocol, they didn’t talk it through with John beforehand, which would probably have worked, if they hadn’t had yesterday’s drama. If Dean hadn’t just let him down by carelessly revealing himself as Omega. His hackles rise, even while he’s speaking and potentially hurtling towards disaster.
Coiled and ready, Dean’s muscles ripple and he almost smiles, when a hand grazes his arm, another his neck. He harnesses the energy and turns, breathing slower, fist formed and ready, until quite suddenly he’s met with a broad back in a burgundy shirt. Dean is taken aback, the wind going out of his sails.
The black and burgundy colour scheme certainly suits him, and his dark, messy hair is begging for his hands. Man looks like he hasn’t shaved in weeks, flashing even teeth through a lopsided smile at the guy who’s bringing in refreshments for the meeting. The suggestion in those baby blues isn’t even remotely subtle. Dean has no idea
He glowers, when Cas flashes him that crooked, toothy smile. It’s quick and sends his heart up in his throat.
Dean snorts, rolling his eyes at that understatement. “Yeah, Sammy, he has. Hasn’t done a thing I haven’t
He has to hear it. Biology being what it is, Dean needs more than either/or. Words backed by actions, actions confirming words, even while he himself sucks with them.
Gabriel sighs, searching Dean’s face, clearly reading the room. There’s a twinkle of amusement in his eyes. He can’t help but wonder if Gabriel is already taking into account what happened this morning.
To his horror, he watches Gabriel saunter up behind Sam, those amber eyes turning to slits with that typical Jester smile, when the next second, his face falls, shifting to pure surprise. It’s a look he’s never seen on the Beta before.
Cas’ face is a map of subtleties. Dean’s pleased he is starting to be able to find his way around, even through the haze of his friggin' meltdown.
“I’ve been better” Cas sighed before feeling Dean touch his arm to help him to his feet. Through his sweater, he could feel the grip and it felt…. good? Castiel’s eyes shifted to Dean’s hand and up to his face.
Sam looked down at the pictures and layouts of something "We are actually going over a few things for our house. Discussing a few changes.
Castiel nodded, taking his own seat. He couldn’t wait for the delicious cereal to get into his hungry belly.
“Cassie?” Charlie tried, considering she was trying to have a conversation with her best friend as she drove them to school, but all he seemed to be doing was staring at the window lost in thought. “Castiel?” she smacked his arm.
Cas hesitated, but slowly nodded giving her the green light. Meg went in for it roughly, grabbing onto the back of his neck to pull him in close, crushing their lips together.
"No," Meg watched Cas force Tony into a chair, as she grabbed one hand to cuff him in on her side "I think it'll be fun to have you watch me ride Cas."
Now that Cas was inches from his side he had to ask. “What book are you reading if you don’t mind” he didn’t see the cover of the book.
"No, he's around" He told her "he along with Sam, Eileen, Charlie and a few others are helping me out trying to get my memories."
Cas watched her make a disgusted face at the mention of Dean "And that's another thing! Ever since you met this Dean you changed!"
Cas sat down on a stool on the kitchen island "So Charlie told me to stick to my normal routine, what is that exactly?"
Wow poor Cas, right? Yes, you see he got away from a horrible childhood, but it led to high school. They are in a day and age where the lgbtq+ community is accepted, but there are of course some homophobes still around, who like to torture Cas for being gay, but also because Cas was an awkward nerd who wears a trench coat, loves to read, has a thing for bees, gets straight A’s.
“Oh right” Castiel hurried to the coffee machine to pour out the hot pistachio coffee, as the delicious smell hit his nose, into the cup adding in milk and no sugar like she asked for before grabbing the oatmeal cookie she wanted.
"He did this to me. He was mad because I stayed at the auto shop later than I told him I would, so he ripped off my shirt and carved this isn't me for punishment.
“Yes” Cas spoke a little too fast as he gulped, waiting for a moment like this to happen. He trusted Dean and wanted this for some time now.
"Domestic abuse?" Cas repeated, his heart skipping a beat. Dean got hurt due to this man? He felt sick! "He abused you?"
“Yes, it is one of the Game of Thrones series which is a fantastic tv show, but my brother insists I also read the books, so yeah.” Dean explained to the younger boy.
“Hey, I may like girls, but I know when someone is attractive and he is.” Charlie was even admitting Dean was hot and she wasn’t even into him, he doesn’t have what she likes, boobs and vaginas!
The Paster didn't waste a moment to declare "If you like you may give each other a kiss" the couple leaned in to seal the deal as Husbands with camera flashes going off. Everyone started to clap for newlyweds as many were crying tears of joy.
"Hey Cas," Dean wanted to talk to him, but feel bad to keep him up "you look exhausted. You are sure you want to talk right now? You should go to bed."
Dean always got compliments on his car; he didn’t blame anyone. He loved this car, his baby “Yeah isn’t she a beauty.”
Little did he know, this day wouldn’t be so great, but that shouldn’t be unexpected. Castiel spotted Charlie instantly in gym as she was the only ginger in the room. She was standing around with their other friend’s Garth and Kevin along with Bess and Channing. He headed over to his friends. “Hey.”
"Miss you too" Dean admitted "Sucks you missed pizza and movie night." That was a typical Friday night for them.
Nearby on the walls were pictures hung up of Cas and Dean, Dean and Sam, Cas and Charlie, Dean and Charlie, Sam with a woman, Dean with some men he didn't know, and Wedding pictures.
"It's alright, Clarence" he didn't have to apologize for her lie thought he was believing "I'm just glad to be here with you again."
“Maybe I will, maybe I won’t” Cas will of course go since she wants him to, but to keep her guessing if he will show.
“Ok” and he took off, strumming along to a ACDC song that was playing. It was on low volume from when Dean turned it down offering Cas a ride.
"Yes" Dean went to the frig of the cafe to get a water bottle "do you want a water?" What Dean really could go for right now was a glass of cold beer, but they don't sell that in hospitals.
"It's okay," Charlie told him comfortingly, grabbing his hand "I know it is a lot to take in, but with time it'll all come back to you."
"She's what I remember I don't think I need permission from you" Cas shot back, he had no right to say these things.
"You need to get here." Charlie wished she didn't have to make this call "Cas has been in an accident."
Charlie stepped in to help him of course to get Castiel onto his feet, but didn’t let go just in case he lost his balance.
With Dean no longer near him, Charlie scooted herself with her stool over to her friend curious on what just happened. She didn’t hear a word they said “What did Dean say?”
"Yes," Dean Winchester was a raging bottom! Dean needed him now, he sat up for his fingers to tug off Castiel's shirts. Cas followed his lead lifting Dean's shirt to throw it off somewhere in the room. Pants and boxers had to come off next.
"That we weren't doing. Cas, you of all people know that Charlie is a lesbian. She isn't into dick like we are and when I am with someone, I love I am loyal. I'd never cheat on you." Dean was trying to explain.
Due to the distraction of “Dean!” Cas wasn’t watching where he was going and walked right into an open locker; Channing’s locker.
"This I need you to believe." Dean tried explaining "I'm telling you the truth Charlie and I are just friends. We are close. You're closer to her than anyone. I'm married and faithful to one person- you! I'm here to help you not hurt you. I could never do that to you"
“Sure” it was feeding off Castiel’ addiction of books. Cas was getting a kick out of it, but it made him sound giddy. Was that embarrassing? “I would like that. I actually need new books to read. I just finished reading the Lord of the Rings series over again for the hundredth time” one first series that got Cas into his love of reading.
It was true, Castiel couldn’t really focus and it wasn’t due to Dean this time. The pain on his face wasn’t helping him at all to the point where his hands were shaking trying to do a simple task like using a screwdriver.
Anyways, he knew what awaited him at school and lost sleep over it- it wasn’t something to look forward to.
Cas opened the door to reveal a naked Meg getting eaten out by his friend Uriel. "What's going on here?"
"Everything is great," the love in Dean's eyes he was showing Cas made him believe he was telling the truth "Cas, there is no doubt about it that these past three years have been the best years of my life. When we met at the bar right there and then I felt something between us- something drawn me to you, something that made me believe that I wouldn't be able to live without you. I needed you in my life. We were both in a dark place at the time. You were broken and I was broken. We came together and fixed each other bringing light into each other's lives. From then on, we've gone through an unforgettable journey from insecurities, arguments, an almost break up, trust, but most importantly the unconditional love we have for each other. This journey isn't over. There is more for us and it scares me, but with you it makes it all worth it. You are the exception. There will never be another one like you. I never loved anyone like I love you, so I want all these next steps. I want a future with you, that being said-" Dean pulled out a small black velvet box that was deep inside his pocket.
"Tony sorry that took so long I -...." Charlie walked out of a store explaining herself until she saw an unpleasant person. "Why you talking to this fake thing?"
"Ew" She was so grossed out by thoughts of them together "that is so fucking gross. I don't see what he sees in you. I love him."
Meanwhile Cas wasn't scared or sad or mad, confused is the only way to put it. Try waking up thinking one thing and people are telling you something else. He found a mirror in the bathroom to see he looked older and his hair wasn't as black as he remembered it being.
"Yes, I didn't think you'd get that" she nodded impressed with that guess; it was a random part of the movie.
"Oh, right Charlie said you'll be coming." Glancing at the computer screen to see the list of patients "He is due to be in room 403 but he's still in surgery at the moment. You'll have to wait on the fourth floor waiting room."
“That is okay,” Dean reassured, wondering how nobody has wanted to kiss him by now “But uh” he paused for a moment “Would it be okay if I kissed you?”
Talking to his mother alone, she started "Castiel, this is your chance to be back in my life. Meg is single and wants you back. She finally broke it off with Uriel. This can put you back on the right track, marry her who you are supposed to be with."
"Do you find it weird being back here?" It was Dean's turn to ask some questions "If you don't mind me asking.""
Dean shrugged his shoulders “It’s whatever,” Lisa wasn’t his last ex and that was almost eight years ago.
Looking up, he was going to apologize when he saw it was Raphael. He quickly decided to keep his mouth shut.
He hit the nail on the head with Cas "Yes I told you?" Meg was so high maintenance he was going broke being with her going on tacky fancy dates "I'm intrigued" Cas was so interested to see where this night would lead.
The pastor started the ceremony "On behalf of Cas and Dean, we are here today to celebrate their sacrament of marriage. We are gathered as family and friends to witness the love exchange and a whole new birth of a family in front of us. We are privileged to witness the joyous love of this new family; a family that will be nourished and nurtured through the devotion of two separate individuals growing together through the common bonds of love. May their marriage bring them the peace, joy, comfort and contentment that is known in the hearts of all God's children. May Cas and Dean look forward to each new season of their marriage just as the world looks forward to each new season of the year. For all seasons bring with them their own special moments and memories. An essential requirement of a good marriage is a strong bond of real friendship and trust. We come here together so the Lord may seal and strengthen your love in the presence of me and your family and friends. Christ abundantly strengthens your love concentrated by you in baptism now he enriches you by a special sacrament that you may assume the duties in marriage. Here in the presence of your family and friends I ask you to state your intentions. Cas and Dean, have you come here freely and without reservation to give yourself to each other in marriage?"
When he finished, it was Dean's turn to speak "I, Dean take you Cas for my lawful husband to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health till death do us part"
Cas was blinking to get his eye sight back while his hand went to his nose to check for blood, there wasn’t any.
Cas also knew that he had to wake up Charlie, who loves to sleep more than anything, so he fought with his tired body to slip out of the covers and off the mattress heading to the bathroom.
"Oh goodie" Dean rolled his eyes are sarcastically "Stay away from him. He doesn't need to be around you."
"I've been busy getting memories back." Castiel is trying to get her away "We can talk another time I'm with Dean right now."
Cas saw how crazy she is "He's not a liar you are. You don't think I would eventually catch you with that Crowley guy? Yes, Dean and Charlie told me and now I just saw you sucking face with him which I'm honestly glad I saw because it helped trigger a memory of Uriel eating your gross vagina when I caught you."
The two lovers had papers scattered around the table as they were discussing something when Sam looked up "Hey Dean," looking to Cas, "wow you're home."
“Mhmm, yeah.” Castiel plainly answered her, he knew not to tell her about this dream even if wanted to because he knew she would flip out and get all excited about it. “my nose just hurts a little bit.” He wasn’t lying in a way, the pain didn’t magically go away the next day, it did still hurt.
"Shit" she stopped in her tracks realizing she shouldn't have said that "I really can't keep secrets."
He didn't like kissing Meg that was music to his ears. "That's good to hear so then what's so something you want to try with me?"
Castiel rolled my eyes at her. It meant absolutely nothing! “Shut up he is being nice. I am going to go clean some tables” He grabbed a rag and went back out where the customers were trying to distract myself from the man sitting in the corner. Cas cleaned off the crumbs and mess people leave behind humming along to the Billy Idol song that was filling the place.
"Oh no!" Her head snapped in his direction. It was nice of him, but there was no need "You don't have to do that."
"Does it read like stereo instructions?" Charlie wondered, quoting a line from one of her favorite movies.
When it was time to leave, Dean yelled from the front door “Hurry up or you will be walking!” waiting for his brother, who ran up the stairs to get his backpack. Dean was driving him to school today before heading to his work.
He shrugged “I’m not fully awake yet, but someone had to get you up” it’s usually the other way around,
Dean reached over to Castiel's side to grab a condom and lube from the bedside table. Cas took the squeezable lube bottle to open it while Dean easily ripped up the condom package.
Charlie didn’t even hide her smile, she wasn’t ashamed of it “Yes, that means we have two classes together, culinary and mechanics” but then she thought of something “I can ask you the same thing why are you taking mechanics? I mean I am glad we are in the class together, but why are you?”
“Oh, uh okay?” Cas looked to Charlie who was walking backwards out of the class with a smirk on his face. He knew what she meant, yet he ignored it.
It took moments yet Cas eventually picked his head up feeling as if he just woke up from a dream where he forgot everyone "Charlie?" he hugged her tight, feeling so happy.
"It was when I caught her cheating. I think I finally remember what a cold-hearted, lying, cheating, bitch Meg is."
“Nope” Charlie was excited to have a Friday off “I switched with Noelle, so I will be working in the afternoon hours on Saturday instead.”
"Come in" Dean sure as hell didn't want to, but Cas grabbed him anyway. He struggled to let go, but Cas is stronger than him.
“I agree” Charlie answered “But like I said I did suggest you stay home.” Since it being Friday was brought up again.
Dean was the first to slide onto the hood of the car to relax, stretching out his legs and reaching out a hand for Cas to take.
Dean walked around his baby towards Castiel’s car, examining it “I gotta say that it is in nice shape. Besides being a pimpmobile, It’s a good car.”
"I figured it would I mean I am sure Dean and I made love that night." Cas would love to remember something like that.
"While we wait for it to whistle, I can give you a little hair cut for free" She noticed he had some dead ends that needed to be cut off.
"I don't think you have the right to demand that I have a certain sexual orientation that pertains to your liking" Cas was so done with her by this point, she was no mom to him "I can see why I haven't spoken to you in ten years."
"Yeah" Cas slowly lifted his head up, sighing from the slight pain "I got a glimpse of meeting you there."
"Babe, you're not imposing you're important to me. You are literally a part of my family now, join us." Dean was going to keep insisting.
"It just is," He couldn't explain it, yet he knew one thing and that was he shouldn't have come here "I have to leave. I should leave."
She noticed Dean's expressions. Something was wrong. "I wanted to stop by see how everything was going. I haven't talked to Cas since yesterday morning and Sam just told me that you two had a fight."
"Just stay," Sam tried throwing down his work bag "stop running off, please." He didn't want to have this lead down a bad road where they will divorce.
Dean placed down his phone, feeling shaky. The man he feared is back and out of jail where he thought he'd be in for quite some time. He could feel his level of stress rising pretty high: stress over Cas, his job, Meg, now Crowley. How much more can he take?
"Cas," Dean was getting to the point, taking out his phone "I got a voicemail from you before the accident. You wanted evidence this is the best I can do for now."
"I grew up loving Cars especially after learning that my dad was a mechanic. And Bobby who raised me and Sam was a mechanic." Dean explained "Car's are freaking cool as hell. Fixing them is like a puzzle and the best part is when you are done, they leave and you are not responsible for them anymore."
"A year?" Cas was at least hoping to here this one time, but nope "A whole freaking year?! I proposed to you 3 months ago."
"We sure did," He finally said it "that was one hell of a night a good memory the way you kissed me" she practically moaned at the memory "remember what you told me right after?"
"I know Charlie said the same thing that's why I'm back." Cas wanted to make this right somehow "Do you know if he is home?"
A rhythm was soon created and both men rocked into each other, their moans whimpers and mutterings, bouncing off the wall of their bedroom. Cas just going in and out of him, in and out, in and out, in and out. Pure bliss.
"You keep trying to throw yourself at me while you're making out with that piece of shit?" Cas rolled his eyes "Oh yeah you really changed."
That was when concern escaped Charlie “You don’t look okay, see I told you this was a bad idea to come here today.”
He stopped in his tracks to chuckle before turning towards her "And you weren't supposed to cheat. How could you?"
"Me?" She figured they would eventually "Well he hates me. Clarence, I did nothing to him, but you know what? Let's forget about him. I was going to make myself some tea you want some? And we can talk more about our memories?"
Meg went to lean into Castiel's ear to whisper something but got pushed away as Cas felt her practically fly off him "Hey" it was Benny.
Because he was the one to say it to her, Charlie tried one last time with the tiny bit of energy draining out of her.
Dean heard a loud bump of a noise coming from upstairs, so like any other person who would do, he ascended the staircase to figure out what that was. Another bump sounded. Dean turned towards their bedroom. The sound came from there? Is Cas home? Is he okay?
Cas tore his gaze away from the attractive man to see what Dean noticed, and it was true. The screwdriver he was using was causing little dents into the nail’s head because of his hand. “Oh, I will try to do better” he apologized.
“Yeah I know and I suck” Cas rolled his eyes, besides all the people who hate Cas were on the other team. He would be their target.
"I am, but I want to talk to you." Cas wanted to knock out, but Dean was more important "I miss you so much."
“Then hell yeah.” She clapped, looking over at Castiel “We are going right, Cassie?” She always loved when the four of them went.
“Cassie, this is adorable. You have a crush on a real person” She honestly couldn’t wait to tell their other friends.
“Yup, I will probably sit out at gym today.” He didn’t need to get hurt any more than he already did.
It didn't take too long for Dean to realize he had an audience "let's face it this isn't the weirdest thing you've caught me doing."
This reveal shocked Dean, he wasn’t expecting to see a huge purple bruise on his face “Cas? What happened?” he was concerned.
Being wheeled into the delivery room Charlie was even in more pain than she had ever imagined having to deliver Jack.
He found that he had 23 missed calls all from Charlie as she was calling him again. Yes, he knew Charlie and loved her like a sister he never wanted. "Isn't she working the night shift?" She works at the hospital, being a nurse, knowing that Wednesday night's is her night shift.
The movie ran for about an hour and a half with two empty open pizza boxes laying open before the brothers.
"You don't understand," Dean shook his head "She's not good for you especially with your injury. Why would you want to be around her? Do you remember Uriel?"
The bar was slightly crowded when Dean took a seat at the bar "I sat here and you sat there" pointing to the stool on his left.
"Can we order what we did the first time," Cas suggested if they are recreating the night "if you remember?"
"Yes, you are one of the best," Dean was proud that Castiel was able to accomplish a lot as an architect.
She must have told her the address too "I see so that bitch called to tell you that Cas has forgotten all about me having you praise Jesus that your son forgot he's actually gay"
Cas kissed him before pulling away to lower himself leaving a trail of open-mouthed kisses from his jawline, his neck, down his collarbone, going towards the scar.
Adding more pain to the pain he already has, Cas saw stars as he fell back, his vision becoming blurry, and almost losing his balance. Luckily, Charlie was there to keep him on his feet before falling and making a big scene in the hallway in front of many people.
Sam sat down on one of the wooden stools by the kitchen island "I dropped her off at her mom's house. She is staying there for the night."
Noelle laughed knowing his love for books “you so would do that.” She knew that because he would read books during his break while the other coworkers would flirt with each other or the customers “Want to flirt some more with that cutie or take orders?” she was only joking.
Cas found himself in a 67 Chevy Impala; Dean’s car. Dean was driving them someplace. “So, where are we going, Dean?” He wondered
"You want to have your way with me in bed tonight that is not news to me, Cas." Dean joked, taking his feet off the coffee table to sit up.
"Wow" Cas could tell the way Dean was talking how passionate he was about his job. Hoping that maybe he gets to see Dean work on a car some time soon. "By the way this really is better than my mom's lasagna."
"You stole him from me and this is your karma." Meg was clearly still salty over the situation that happened nine years ago.
Cleaning themselves up and catching their breath, Cas laid his head on Dean's chest with Dean's arm wrapped around him.
Dean was handed Castiel's ring first to place into his 'going to be' husband's left ring finger "Cas, take this ring as a sign of my love and my fidelity in the name of the father the son and the Holy Spirit."
“Oh yeah, I’ll definitely going.” Castiel did get the message and answered Kevin back, playing a fun game like D&D is a good way to get his mind of things “Don’t you have work?”
Cas noticed two girls walking out of this ring place. They were saying "I can't wait for you to propose to Valerie."
Castiel tried to brush it off, he had no idea who that man was or if he would even see him again. “I am good, I just saw something I guess it’s nothing.”
Since it has been a week, Dean hasn't left his side, hasn't gone to work, barely ate unless Sam brought him something, or barely even slept. He was afraid if he left the room, he would miss something that could go wrong or miss Cas waking up.
Cas ordered his "Can I have a Venti chocolate cinnamon latte" he turned to Charlie; it was her turn "Can I have a Venti caramel macchiato latte?"
"That's what Meg and your mom wanted you to be." Dean hated that so much, Castiel wasn't happy "You didn't want to, so I encourage you to do what you love and you found architecture."
Dean finally looked at Cas "You two were naked... together making me watch as you two fucked while you told me hurtful things, not wanting to remember me and never loving me, only using me. I guess with her being back and her popping up everywhere it had me worried. I can't lose you"
Dean couldn't help, but roll his eyes "Dork." He wasn't into reading books at all. Closest thing he got to reading was car magazines.
"Oh, so you don't really remember any of them well?" she didn't let him answer "Well I certainly can help you," Meg smiled at him almost evilly but he did not catch that.
Castiel got wacked in the stomach, leg, and worst of all face knocking the wind right out of him as he hit the ground.
Cas looked at him confused and taken back "You are not bothering me. I want to help you and I can't help if you don't tell me. Please tell me" Cas used his free hand to caress Dean's face.
Having her eyes follow Steve's finger she noticed an odd shaped cloud that did in fact look like a ship "The Black Pearl" she decided to name it.
"Apparently some drunk driver t-boned him and his car flipped over, knocking him out," he could hear how upset she sounded, Charlie and her were the best of friends.
Mr. Winchester’s eyes scanned the room before landing right on Castiel’s. They locked eyes. Castiel could feel his heart jumped into his throat as his hand uncontrollably gripped the side of the desk. They seemed to have gazed at one another longer than he has everyone else. Mr. Winchester sent him a small smile before dropping the gaze and going over to his desk to put his stuff down, leaning against the desk.
He noticed Dean looking down figuring "Dean, if something is wrong, tell me" he seemed worried all night.
“Really?” Sam shook his head not understanding why Dean loved this car so much “You saw her like twelve hours ago!” He was out in the garage still working on her last night.
He laughed looking at his ring he never took off "I believe he won when he put the ring on my finger."
Cas shrugged as he continued walking. Charlie had a question pop on her head "You saw the video, but have you asked Dean how he proposed to you?"
Dean sighed, closing his eyes at Castiel's touch. It was comforting "Charlie told me something I wish I didn't know," he opened his eyes to lock with Castiel's blue ones.
Cas was in their bed waking up, eyes blinking to focus on his surroundings only to find that he was not in his old bedroom he remembers. He's in Dean and his room, so this wasn't a dream. This is his true reality. Ugh, slowly he got up doing a little stretch to hear muscles popping before heading to the bathroom to do his business and go downstairs.
That made Dean happy, grabbing Castiel's hand to intertwine their hands together as Dean drove off again.
Dean was already squirming under him, moaning out his name "Cas" sliding his hands up to his hips, but not stopping there. He took a turn downward to be placed on his ass, giving it a nice squeeze.
"You can take a break for five minutes." Cas wanted to clear the air and talk about this "ever since you jumped out of bed last night something has been bothering you."
Dean’s eyes shot from the road towards Jo, completely offended by this action “Woah, woah, woah what are you doing?”
Cas groaned “I don’t need Mr. Fizzles. He is good looking” gorgeous, beautiful, handsome is more like, but he stuck to good looking. “But that doesn’t mean crush.”
Dean's knuckles clenched "Cas, do you mind going over there to Benny" pointing to his friend sitting on a bench with food "he wants to say hi he's a friend."
Being a good and caring husband that Dean is, he went home to not just drop off Sam and explain everything to Eileen when they got there, but to pick up some clothes for Castiel and bring it to the hospital. He tried going into Castiel's room many times, but chickened out actually ending up falling asleep in the waiting room using the duffel bag as a pillow.
Dean couldn’t feel any happier, “You know what, Sam? You two have been together for years and though I always said she is so out of your league; she would definitely say yes. If you think it’s the right time and want to propose I say go for it.”
Cas smiled small even though it hurt to do so “Thanks.” Leaving the room, knowing Charlie will have questions about why Cas had to stay behind.
Cas groaned, feeling pain shoot back into his head "Listen, I have a bad headache. Thanks for more information on what you say my life is now, but I'm going to go back to my room."
Cas looked towards her again, "she has been cheating on me! Finding out her bullshit made me realize I never really loved her. I moved on and I found someone else, someone I really love."
Dean looked confused before glancing back at the younger boy “You drive a pimpmobile?” he knew exactly what car that was.
Okay enough, Dean curled his fingers around the long and thick pulsing cock. Cas was arching his hips for his cock to be pushed through my fist.
Castiel's voice was heard "Hey De, I miss you so much. I'm still at work. I'm stressed and wanted to hear your voice and see if you are working late because I need some Dean time if you know what I mean. Call me back I love you."
With comfortable silence filling the air, Dean put on some music but didn’t blast it like he normally would to annoy the younger Winchester, who would send Dean a bitch face. He kept it at a lower volume hearing “Got To Get You Into My life” by the Beatles came on.
Everything has been looking great, there was no more blood and the stitches were doing their job. "At this rate you'll finally get to get out of this hospital by tomorrow."
The sound of the alarm clock woke Castiel up from his slumber. He had to get out of my comfortable cocoon position, rolling over to his side, causing the book he was reading last night, to fall off the bed in a clunk noise. He smacked the clock so that it would shut the Hell up! Squinting from the sunlight that was shining into his room, Castiel glanced at the clock. It read 6:30 am. His mouth went into a big yawn from knowing how early it was, followed by a huff. It was too early. He needed to close his eyelids back into darkness for a resting moment.
Cas had to agree with her "Yeah me too" there was a tiny pause "Hey look! That one looks like a ship"
“I know, but I want to be here, I can be glad it is Friday.” It was only for six hours and then they are free for the next two days as they entered the building full of students.
"I learned that from the pizza man?" he watched porn for some experience since he had nothing else to go off of.
"I don't know," That was something he would have to ask Cas "She left pretty soon after I get home."
Cas bought it, understanding "Oh that's great, but then who were those two guys in here before?" Cas just needed to know, they seemed to know him.
Hearing Dean’s voice in a whisper and so close to him sent shivers through Castiel’s entire body causing his body to freeze for a moment. Slowly, he turned to Dean “Yeah, I am just trying to focus.”
They were getting many stares from people as Charlie was screaming, but laughing at the same time when he finally caught up to her, picking her up over his shoulders "Put me down, Winchester." she whined between laughter.
The teacher corrected her “It’s Winchester, but that is a little too proper for my taste, so in the classroom just call me Dean.”
The Next day, Castiel drove his car with Charlie in the passenger seat again, parking unintendedly next to a familiar car that he was inside of last night.
Charlie was thrilled to hear such a thing "Finally dude couldn't stand her ass. Are you okay though?"
Cas entered him, slowly but surely going all the way in causing them both to moan out. Cas closed his eyes for a moment at the amazing feeling as his hands rested on Dean's hips for balance.
Meanwhile, Cas was in the middle of a dreamlike flashback going on a walk with Sam after a run "When are you going to propose to Eileen?"
Why was Dean being so nice and letting him skip out on this part of the project. He will be behind. “I should get this done.”
Dean put on oven mittens to take out the Big dish out "lasagna." Closing the oven door with his foot.
Wanting to hear more of those beautiful noises, that escape Dean's lips, Cas parted away from him to attack his neck, softly tonguing his throbbing veins in one area before nipping at it ever so gentle.
The only good news is that he's been showing progress while being knocked out, sure it takes quite a while for a brain to heal and work properly after being damaged with a fractured skull and being worked on however the swelling has gone down. This was no 50-50 chance he'll wake up, but the doctors don't have an answer. It is up to Castiel's body.
Dean ran his way up from the garage, rushing through the living room and up another flight of stairs and towards the guest room not even knocking.
Braedon. An ex-girlfriend or should he say fist love that he thought would be his high school sweetheart and more. They dated all throughout high school being the schools it couples as they were the star quarter back and head cheerleader. That was until before
Hearing those words, Dean's heartbeat jumped out of his chest into his throat and back down while all the color drained from his face "Wh- wha- what?"
"You" Dean giggled, just as his hand picked up the pace a bit, watching Cas unravel. Dean used his free hand to massage the taint "Yes" Cas moaned out, clenching the couch with no Dean to hold.
It felt like it was twenty-four hours when only three hours passed on by before Charlie found out where they were "hey boys"
“Didn’t that lady order from you?” Noelle looked at one of our customers as he followed her eyes, there sat the lady, who was on her iPhone, with nothing in front of her.
When he got home, his thoughts stopped when he saw his brother home flipping through the tv channels.
Dean was in his kitchen filling up the dishwasher that he has been putting off for a while as the dishes piled up in the sink, waiting to hear the doorbell ring, so he could eat some pizza.
Dean really did “It was good, I will have to go back and get it again, but that pie was really good.”
Meg finally looked at him, a glare in her eyes "Dean, stop injecting it's rude. I asked Clarence, thanks."
Dean couldn't think properly with Cas looking like that, his mouth watering, his body aching for him "Put boxers on or I'll jump you it's very distracting"
"Yes I am. I always been I was scared to come out being around a homophobic person like you so I locked it away for so long. Meeting Dean changed that. Thanks to him I'm finally proud to be who I really am." Dean made him a better person inside and out.
Since the teacher wasn’t here yet a thought popped into his head out loud “I wonder where-” he didn’t even have to finish what he was going to say.
Since the nurse checked on his nose, she cleaned it up and gave him an icepack for his nose. Was his nose broken? Thankfully not! However, it was sprained and forming a huge purple and blue circle on and around his nose. The nurse urged Charlie to leave soon after dropping him off and for Cas to stay at least three periods with her to keep an eye on it and to ice it on and off. She did ask if he wanted to stay longer or even go home. Cas wanted to get out of the nurse’s office and not miss mechanics.
She knew Castiel better than he knew himself and she can tell he had the hots for him even if he won’t admit it. Charlie was enjoying this though. It was cute besides she was only playing around. It wasn’t a big deal people get crushes on their teachers. “Our mechanic teacher.”
Cas cut her right off, he didn't want to hear the end of that "You think this is okay? This isn't, Meg. You really are a 'manipulative hoebag' like Charlie likes to call you. I'm done with you, your bullshit, and your lies"
"Declare your consent before God and may the lord strengthen you both for god has joined you together man must never divide" The pastor was given the rings for the couple to exchange, blessing them "Lord bless these rings that we consecrate in your name. Grant that those who wear them have deep faith in each other may they do your will and have them always live together in your peace and we ask this through Christ our Lord Amen"
Dean finally looked in the direction that Jo was looking in. Sure enough, he saw her sit at a table with friends. Some he recognized from high school, some he did not. He shrugged it off “Yeah she is back apparently.”
Dean noticed the movie on the screen "Oh hell yes" he almost forgot that this movie was on Netflix before pressing play and grabbing himself a slice.
Channing cut in before anyone could answer “I haven’t seen him yet. Is he really as hot as everyone is saying?”
So, she was watching the couple slightly struggle with all of the crib parts scattered around them that had to be put together somehow. They were both smart, who built things for a living yet they couldn't figure this out.
That caught Channing’s attention “Dean? That new hot teacher everyone is talking about? Where?” she hasn’t seen him yet. Looking around, she only saw Mr. Shurley walking the halls.
To Mr. Winchester, this Castiel sounded like Sammy in a way. Sam read authors like that, but hey Dean read from time to time. He may seem like he wasn’t into books, but it depends on it he likes Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit. You could say he was a closeted nerd.
Castiel wasn’t sure if he should even look or whatever yet he took one deep breath in and out feeling the air leave his lungs as he slowly turned his heels to where Dean is seated.
"He's not you corrupted him" His mom through at Dean before turning to Cas calmly "Castiel, how are you doing?"
Charlie made her way into the garage to be greeted with Metallica playing as Dean's legs were sticking out from under Baby.
Dean laughed sarcastically. He couldn't believe this was happening, placing his hands on his head, forcing himself not to punch a fall...maybe he'll wait when he gets home to do so. Sam shoved his hands in his jean pockets, staring at the floor, this was hurting him too, but he could see his brother breaking.
Dean and Benny were having a friend night out, so Cas was doing the same with Charlie at some gay bar that Charlie wanted to check out.
"It's okay what is mine is yours," why would Dean have a problem with that? They were his pictures too "but that's a good idea" it could help him remember.
Dean noticed that Cas parked next to his baby, seeing the car Cas informed him he drove. Now he really saw that Cas wasn’t lying causing Dean to laugh. “Cas you really have this car.”
"There was someone" and that someone was the man she cheated on him with "but because of the move we broke up."
“You too see you tomorrow.” Castiel stepped out of the door, closing it and headed straight to the front door. It was already opened as he slowly turned the knob before turning around to the street seeing that his teacher was still there waiting for me to go inside. Dean did a little wave and drove off into the darkness of the night.
She seemed like she wanted to continue talking, but she had to go teach math “Right, see you soon, Dean.”
"Get on all fours" Cas groaned, ready for this, beyond turned on by this point, his cock practically aching for him.
Stepping outside it was a very beautiful, cool night. Cas looked up at the stars that filled the sky. It was always such a beautiful sight to see at night.
Eileen looked up seeing that Sam noticed something, she turned to see Cas and Dean "Hey Cas, I am so happy to see you."
"I seem to, from what I can tell and I'm good at it too. I have some sketches scattered around the house that I've drawn," Cas grew up loving to draw and building things, it honestly seemed like he would take that career choice.
"I get that," Dean wished he knew too "but soon you can come back home with me and you'll remember everything."
"I told him" Charlie promised "I said we would give him a few minutes to process it. I have to go get his doctor" she didn't want to leave them, but the doctor needed to check on Castiel.
Castiel and Charlie found themselves in the parking lot of the school, getting out of Castiel’s beige pimp like vehicle. While Charlie drives a red Lincoln. You see, Charlie’s parents bought them both a car as they had a choice. Castiel didn’t want anything expensive nor anything fancy. He liked his car.  And It was his time to drive. The two friends decided to carpool together, having them each take turns driving every other day or so.
They arrived early and took their seats first in one of those ridiculous territorial stunts packs like to pull on each other. As juvenile as he deems it, Dean makes sure to hold himself tall at his father’s right side, when the Novaks join. Charlie’s next to him, chipper as ever, though it’s a misleading front she maintains. She takes in the other pack members with quick flashes of scrutiny, as they move through the room, finding their place. All the while, she scribbles in her notebook so Dean can read, the way they did in school.
He swallows, scared to ask the next question, sensing he doesn’t even need to. Whatever the spoken answer would be, it’s wrapped in reassurance and possibility, and it’s terrifying. So he settles back down and hides, closing his eyes.
it does, it'll be because John brings up unresolved issues. The stuff that happened on the border between Winchester and Novak territory. Because that will provoke Lucifer and Michael, who will set off John and even Sam. For all his smarts, Sam's Alphatude can be a royal bitch. Hell, so can Dean. It’s ingrained in him, especially when it comes to
The next moment he opens his eyes, he knows he dozed off. Not for very long probably, but long enough. Cas stirs under his weight. Dean tries to ignore the cold that’s creeping up inside him. Beautiful, but chilling. He trembles, the shivers that dominate his body making it impossible to stay still. He wants to push himself off Castiel, only to find they both sank into the mattress and cuddled up. Worse, he’s in Castiel’s arms, tucked under his chin.
The hair in the back of Dean’s neck stands up, a shiver rushing down his spine, when he’s introduced as an Alpha. He should be used to this by now, but every time a part of him wants to start a mutiny. The true part of him, he’s been thinking lately, for all the good the thought process does him. So he tends to quiet those voices with food, drink and telling himself this is good enough. That he agreed with John, even after the choice was made for him.
Their somewhat backwards home, but home nonetheless, where he only gets into any of the bars, because everyone
Cas has his forehead pressed to Dean’s collarbone tattoo, breathing harshly. Eventually he whines, a muffled, deeply pleased sound. “Mmmhfuck, I did not expect that.”
Cas snarls, a lovely, tight sound that dances over his spine, but he keeps walking down the narrow hallway. Stiffly, because his body is getting to the stage where he can feel the added weight. He is still getting used to the whole concept. Incidentally, it is also why Cas is glued to him like stubborn gum to a shoe.
“Like you were such a good student,” Cas fires back. “I saw you zone out during the meeting. When you weren't looking at me, that is.”
He doesn’t understand why Sam sounds so tense, considering he’s not the one about to go into heat or having spent the night with a rival pack member or having to sit in a room with said pack member and one too many family members to count. “Can a scentbond form in one night?”
confetti. Angel can’t be as suave as he crafted himself to look, right? Probably smells funny, ‘cause he looks scruffy. Terrible sense of humour. Shallow.
Dean whines this time and glares. If this guy expects him to crawl in one of those beds with him, he’s got another thing coming, even while part of him tugs him forward violently to do exactly that. Castiel shakes out his mane, paws going all Bambi in the process, and stands tall, tail low and wagging gently. Not a sliver of sleazy intent makes it through.
Dean only sometimes wishes he was immune to it. But he can turn the tables on Cas in a heartbeat. Pregnant or not, Cas is a complete sucker and ridiculously sensitive to Dean, his moods, his lame jokes, how he bats his lashes and anything else he brings into their bond. He wants all of Dean and more, which is the starkest contrast of all, even with a pregnancy in the mix. The one he loves the most. His mate, soaking up everything Dean has to offer. Cas smells
Though he wants to sink back into those emotions like a hot bathtub, he resists. Quietly. Holds himself on the edge, so he doesn’t blindly go under.
Dean bats a hand at his face, a heavy blush making his cheeks burn, and shivers when the toy vibrates one more time, imitating an Alpha’s second orgasm. He pants softly at how sensitive everything is, body and… other stuff.
“But yes,” Castiel says, eyeing him and Dean nods, as if he totally wasn’t zoning out. “I nested a lot. My favorite was actually this particular bed.” He pats the mattress. Dean tilts sideways and back. “Because it has the best view, but you could still smell the food from the kitchen.”
“Happier than I’ve been in a while,” Dean admits. “I didn’t need to hide… and Cas… Cas is, uhm, a kind soul.”
Dean holds the phone close to his ear, not wanting Cas to listen in. It’s silly, because Cas is sitting in the armchair they moved to the sunniest corner of the room. Comfortable as it is, the amount of entertainment at Cas’ disposal - besides Dean - is limited. The guy doesn’t watch a lot of television, instead suns himself languidly, while he reads or busies himself on his phone.
make Cas laugh. Dean surrenders to him, his brain giving into a lazy kind of constant arousal. His muscles tremble, but ease up under Cas’ approving encouragement and deft hands.
Yelps the next second, when Cas dips in again, and they’re doing this now. For who knows how long. Dean loves kissing. The intimacy and comfort of the act. And those split seconds in which it can change from one thing to another, sending a moment into the stratosphere or debauchery or a combination of both. He’s only experienced something close to that once. With an escort Alpha called Lisa. She was something. All dark eyes and eager, taking control of the situation with an ease Dean allowed, simply because of their business arrangement. Her kisses though were never perfunctory or lacking or...
His tone takes on an alluring quality, maybe an Alpha timbre that’s designed to draw him in, and if it is, it’s working.
“Tell that to Jaws over there,” Dean bites. He thumbs at Michael, who’s been circling the table restlessly.
A fierce glare is shot his way and Dean grins, helpless in the face of it while a less careful part of him wants to draw his father out. Make him repeat the words a few times.
As if picking up on the mute accusation or insult, Cas’ brow knits together and he flicks his gaze up. Tilts his head in a mildly disapproving gesture, before lowering his lips down to Dean’s flank. He stops an inch away so Dean can feel his warm breath.
“A little bit of both, truth be told,” Dean smiles. “My name’s Dean, by the way. Mister Winchester is my dad.”
Whatever he’s saying in Russian draws Castiel’s attention and makes him whine, so Dean lunges for him again.
His eyes go wide, when the door is almost torn off its hinges. Cas makes his way over to the tub and extends a hand, making a bossy gesture with four fingers. Dean’s appalled the man’s attention is on his face instead of his erection or his mark, both on full display. “Out.”
Releasing Dean’s hand, Castiel leans forward. “Or left there. You,” he says, tone measured, while he makes eye contact with John, “haven’t been the same since. No one’s been able to form an alliance with you.”
He’s ignoring that. Doesn’t wanna find out. Nope, he really doesn’t. But his eyes keep going to Castiel’s neck and there’s a persistent whine going off in his head.
He can’t tell if it’s true or if Gabriel is pandering to John’s need to contribute. It hardly matters, as John closes the folder. “Is there anything else you’d like to discuss?”
Neither of them shifts back, while people make wide circles around them. Some of them point at Castiel’s fur, drawing conclusions. The longer this scene gets dragged out, the more Dean’s convinced it comes down to stubbornness. Everything about this night, this
“I don’t have one,” he bites. The guy grabs him by the elbow and tugs him towards the door. Ironic, seeing as now that he’s in trouble, he’s closer to getting inside this joint than he was before.
Adam came out of his shell and, much to everyone’s surprise - John’s most of all - is growing closer to his father at a surprising pace. As if John’s headspace literally allows Adam to breathe easier and both of them are better for it. Hell, Dean isn’t that far removed from enjoying his father’s company. The prospect of a grandchild mollified John Winchester considerably. Though he doesn’t use words to express this, the way he behaves and moves around Dean is miles from how it used to be. Dean has trouble putting a word to it. Considerate, perhaps.
The man laughs, rearing back in an overdone gesture of amusement, as he flicks his hand. It’s subtle, but Dean catches it nonetheless. His hunter instincts kick in, when he pegs three, no, four people move in, men and women alike, but, safe to say, all Alphas.
“Yes, but,” Cas hums deeply, as he rubs their noses together in an eskimo kiss, nips at the bolt of his jaw, coaxing out Dean’s Omega. “It is also an intimate act. Are you ready for that?”
Right now, Cas must also be getting carried away, because Dean’s caught up in the sensation of Cas’ lips working their magic on his ear, then his neck and then his mating gland. Teeth graze and sink into the sensitive skin around it and he bucks hard.
He catches himself, but barely, and given the circumstances it doesn’t matter. Cas knows exactly what that unfinished syllable means. A dark chuckle at his ear sends a shiver down his spine and he pants, pushing up on his elbows, forehead pressed to the mattress.
Fear slithers into him in a split second, pushing every button available for him to do what he needs to do. Which is to protect himself from this rival Alpha, who is - if biology has its say - his true mate. Fuming, Dean shifts into his wolf form and goes for Castiel. He is met with a considerable amount of muscle and strength, but whatever energy Castiel was going on mere seconds ago is gone.
He falters when he spots Gabriel’s expression doing something else he’s never seen and fails to identify it. Worse, when Castiel’s scent goes acidic in a heartbeat. He coughs.
He hangs up. As he puts his phone aside, Cas holds out a freshly brewed cup of coffee. Not the powder hotel junk. No. Guy went to get an actual percolator. He accepts it without a word, looking Cas up and down.
He leans on the bar heavily, clasping the near-empty bottle by the neck, and runs a few scenarios in his head. None of them end pretty, but he knows he can take out enough of them. This lot isn’t expecting him to be packing any kind of skills besides his big mouth, so the element of surprise should get him far enough and out the door. Though being chased through a foreign city, while drunk off his ass, isn’t exactly how he pictured this night going.
He hugs Cas tight, putting his soothing Omega scent to work, and relishes when Cas relaxes in his arms. When they part, Cas points towards the hallway.
Sam is ‘dating’ Gabe, whatever that means. They’re abhorrently cute and annoying in equal measure. Though Sam still lives at The Bunker, he won’t be for much longer. He has taken on a part-time job as a lawyer with Gabe’s undying love and support. (Gabe’s words.)
The bouncer huffs, points at the street and crosses his arms. Annoyed, Dean slinks away, while the guy checks IDs on a group of youngsters. Because he’s too busy glaring, he bumps into a bunch of people trying to get inside. One of the girls looks him up and down, scrunching up her nose. Instantly he changes tactics.
He is in the process of doing so, when the nickname lands. “Don’t call me that… What? I’m alone,” he blurts out. That Angel sass bleeds through Castiel’s expression, when he grins over his shoulder, and Dean stutters. “I mean… I’m not… But… Charlie, no, stop.” He purses his lips. “No, don’t pull Sammy into this… Charles! Goddamnit!”
“Yeah, yeah, alright. Don’t… Don’t read me too much, okay? It makes me nervous.” He takes the towel and wipes down his neck, throat and arms. No point being coy about blockers now. They’ve worn off and even if they hadn’t, he’s sure Castiel can smell him as easily as he can pick up Cas’ scent.
Sam sighs. “I said, even if Cas doesn’t complete the mark, you’d still need to cut the bond on his end. You touched him, right?”
Because his father doesn’t want a true heir. Because he merely wants to mould Dean in his image until there is nothing left of what Dean might have once considered his own identity. Because Omega-driven approaches never land well with John Winchester, and his father is convinced each suggestion that reeks of diplomacy equals weakness. Not for the first time, he wishes Sam would change his mind and step up, but that is unfair.
He expects Castiel to ask or let his eyes roam over Dean’s body in a suggestive attempt to pry the information out, but he doesn’t. Instead he sits down on the other side of the bed, messing with the curtains so they’re not hidden. Not that it matters much at this time of night, but somehow it does.
“... can be just as happy,” he says. “Just because we have the damn marks doesn’t mean we gotta submit to them.”
“Well… Let’s start with why you didn’t change back the second you saw this,” Castiel says, pointing at his hair.
“I’m not,” Castiel grinds out, raising his hand in a placating gesture. He rubs his eyes with index and thumb, so very aggravated, while he speaks. “I’m pissed off, but not at you. Do you really think we’d be sitting here this way, if I was like one of those knotheads in the bar?”
Man’s got a lot of faults, but that ain’t - can’t be - one of them. He’s his true mate. No. Nope. Can’t use the biology to his advantage just because it suits him now. Just because the alternative scares the life out of him. There’s no proof true mates can’t be rapists. Dude could be a total knothead. Chances are he is, since he’s
“Because I want to tell you things I shouldn’t, just to prove myself to you.” Cas glowers at the world outside their window, brow pinched, lips tight, and Dean decides abruptly he is very cute like this. He likes the idea that he affects Cas.
John fists into Dean’s collar, shaking him, the fury now laced with disgust and something much worse. He’s only smelled it on his father once and that was when they lost her.
“She wanted to sniff out if a peace between us could be brokered. Maybe there was something else going on. We can’t be sure...”
. But because… because… where was he going with this? His skin crawls and tingles when a pair of intense, blue eyes rake over his form.
“Aww,” Castiel drawls, stepping up to stand beside him. At a respectful distance. “What an adorable sound.”
He huffs, sweat trickling down his temple, and whines through a moan at the pressure. “Mmmwhy? Why risk it? Why not claim me for yourself right now?”
He wants to tell Cas not to get used to it, but he might just be lying. Either way, irrelevant, because his body is thrumming under the anticipation of Cas closing in. Getting his hands on Dean comfortably and giving him ample time to chicken out.
The snark is audible enough for Sam to start fussing. “Ask for…? Dean, this better not be some kind of power play...”
One of the female Alphas purses her lips, a hand hovering near Dean’s flank. Not yet touching. He’s waiting for that. Unsolicited touch.
Tensing under the amount of attention and reeling with ‘if dad smells either of you’, his muscles lock up. “Cas… Personal space.”
Gabriel laughs. “We had no business being there, but when our father had no ears for her plea, she reached out to us.”
It’s strange to contemplate that ‘whatever’, because he’s never been homeless before. Hell, he’s going through his heat in a hotel room instead of his own bed for the first time in his life. It doesn’t seem right.
“Gee, thanks, Sammy,” he says, when Sam holds him at a distance as if he’s the youngest. Little shit had the audacity to grow taller than him a few years ago and he hasn’t stopped since.
Expelling air through his nose, Cas purses his lips, hands coming up to his hips, while he makes himself bigger. Sam mirrors the movement, but there’s a sardonic twist to his smile. “Easy, big guy," Sam says. He meets Dean’s eyes. “Figures you’d land yourself one of these protective types.”
He’s sure Cas means it as a tease, but it doesn’t come out that way. It’s a good thing he’s obeying Dean and rests his considerable, delectable weight down. Dean lets out a pleased grunt, as he wraps his arms around Cas, only to find a fabric barrier still in place.
“No, but you’re trying to trespass on a space that isn’t for your kind. Which doesn’t look pretty on an unmated Omega’s file. Now scat.”
He stammers his way through an apology, until he notices the crooked smirk and smells the mischief on Cas. “Fuck, you’re annoying.”
More than wanting Dean, which is a tasty feeling to experience, Cas wants to take care of him. It might be worse than pure sex, ‘cause it implies attachments. The anchoring kind.
Sam rubs his forehead and sighs, all of him moving as if he’s stiff as a board. “Your scent claims different than your words.”
What surprises him is the moment Castiel lands a hand to Lucifer’s chest, when the oldest Novak tries to intervene. Angel looks at Dean, face like marble, Alpha eyes flashing red.
Dean cocks his head, taking him in. Fine. Maybe he can live with that expansive kind of Alpha energy after all. It clearly plays well with his own. He leans towards his true mate.
Dean frowns. “It’s true though. Besides, it’s fine. I’ve always wanted to hit the road. I’ll be fine.”
“Oh, we all got lucky, huh?” Dean quips through a huffed breath. When Castiel makes peculiar eyes at him, he whines softly. “I’m not feeling too good and I crack jokes.”
Both of them protest, until John releases his Alpha dominance to the air and nearly everyone, except Cas, takes a step back. Dean’s legs give out under the strength of it and he clutches onto Cas’ shoulders. “Ahh, Cas…”
They both grimace at the amount of feelings going around and share a hapless smile. “I’m glad to hear it.”
He blinks rapidly, slow on the uptake, until it clicks. Snorting in disbelief, he tilts his weight backwards so he can catch Cas’ gaze over his shoulder. “Are you seriously asking me for my safeword?”
Rolling his shoulders so he’s got his few inches on Castiel, Dean clenches his jaw and pushes past him, through the barrier. Once inside, he needs to adjust, cause whoo, that’s a lot of Alpha pheromones, densely packed in one room. His nose tickles and he sneezes.
He fidgets with Charlie’s pen, pressing down on the cap hard enough for it to spring loose and skitter across the table. Without so much as a hitched breath, Castiel catches it under his cupped hand, releasing an amused chuckle to the air mid-sentence. He brings the cap up to his nose, flicking it between his fingers like it’s a magic coin.
Whatever words he strings together become baseless and in court, he’d claim temporary insanity. In truth, he’d be hard-pressed to deny another ‘breed me’ isn’t among them. Or… He scrunches his eyes shut hard, when that familiar need crashes into him. Whining out a long, winded sound, he pushes his back to Cas - still fully dressed, the bastard - and he wants to beg. Instead he twists the sheet into his fists, his needs going deeper when Cas leans over him.
“You still here?” the bouncer grumps. “You get inside, April, I got this clown. Step up, mister… Winchester, was it? Let’s see if I can get in touch with your Alpha.”
He fidgets again, covering it up under the need to stretch. Castiel lets out an annoyed sound, grabbing him by the shoulders, and his breath lands warm at the back of Dean’s neck. “Do you have a key phrase?”
To the darkness or to Cas is unclear. The silence weighs heavier, the longer it stretches. Until, abruptly, it doesn't. He can't understand why. Looking at Cas, he finds him looking at Dean, eyes laced red. An understanding passes between them, whether through his own hope or their bond or both, he isn't sure, but he can
“So it won’t be easy. Not for him, but perhaps not even for you… Spending your heat with him likely means you’re bonding in return, even if you don’t let him touch your mark or mate.”
“I was going to, but… ran into him,” he points at Gabriel. “We’re handling the logistics of the mess you’re making of that room.”
He yowls through his orgasm when it pops, head thrown back so Cas has access - please, just, please, bite, bite me - and clutches on. Cas releases him, though for the life of him Dean doesn’t understand
Quick as lightning, Cas grabs him and tugs, a sudden jolt of movement, pulling him on top. An amused hiccup is knocked out, quickly followed by a burp. Dean coughs and grimaces. “Dude, we just ate.”
Cas flashes him a softer smile. “I won’t. I know enough about you.” His face falls. “But do not ask me to leave you behind like this. Not when I just found you.”
“Dean,” he says. “My name is Dean. You should know. You and mom gave it to me. Not boy. Not Omega. Not son, even though I am, but never quite the way you wanted me to be.”
“I’m alright,” he mumbles, leaning into the gravitational force of Cas until his forehead meets a shoulder. He sighs at the way Cas rubs his back and silently curses this whole endeavour. “We gotta go. Dad…”
In its stead he finds a strange kind of avoidance. He snarls and bites, but Castiel merely disengages him over and over. At the same time he doesn’t let Dean pass.
But Cas is hella sweaty too and his scent is bursting with a want, rivalling Dean’s own. He moans louder, when Cas’ lips mould around the gland suggestively, pressure increasing, and his hips rock back in response. “Fuck… Fffffuck, bree…”
Nodding, he pushes off the couch. Sam rises and stabilizes him before Castiel has the chance, though he is on his feet as well, hand extended, just in case. “I gotta…”
A question is fed to him through Castiel’s scent. Subtle. Not invasive per se, but difficult to ignore. Though it seems to work on a different level than simply fragrance. It’s more...
John’s voice hits hard, though his timbre is muted, like a low hanging fog. Not for Dean’s benefit. No. The furious embarrassment drips off his father, even while he’s behind the chemical wall. Dean’s too familiar with that not to see it. He also thought he was immune to it, but that was
Sam studies Castiel, his eyebrows all scrunched up into disbelieving hope. “You actually mean that.”
“What? No!” he exclaims, suddenly upset that Sam would even think something untoward happened. “No, man, I…” He sighs. “Walk and talk to the room, okay?”
“We won’t be in meetings the whole time,” Sam says. “I’m sure Charlie’s already looked up plenty of stuff we can do.”
Cas goes, leaving the door ajar, and Dean watches him. Clad in all black, he’s a striking man, when he takes up residence on the nearest couch, icy blue eyes trailing from the meeting room to the hotel’s entrance.
at a meeting with family. The suggestion is right there, even while Dean is lost for words. His skin tingles all over in a heartbeat. Dean moves stiffly when he returns something of the sort. A nod or maybe the facial equivalent of a stroke. Knows it looks as constipated as he feels when Charlie nudges her elbow into his ribs.
“Well, for starters, I’m right about this mattress. You look comfortable, which is good, considering…” Cas waves his hand towards… all of Dean, then grins wickedly. “Your heat’s coming up. Comfort is important.”
“I mean,” Gabriel says, voice warm. “There’s something that needs discussing, but I’d like to suggest we stay out of it.”
His cheeks burn and he pushes off of his father, limbs burning. “Enough,” he snarls. “Just because…”
He trails off and all around them, the air thickens with something painful that weighs on Dean. His Omega’s quicker on the uptake than he is, because on an instinctive level, the word ‘rejection sickness’ lights up bright as neon.
And, fuck, he was not prepared for the way his heart would threaten to break under the force of those eyes, the fragile timbre in Cas’ tone, and how Cas’ scent brightens with hope.
Shaking his head, he shifts in one go, finding himself back in his human form on slightly wobbly legs.
He drops his head down, wishing he could fall asleep or at least not be conscious, because he doesn’t wanna deal with this. His gender lends him a debatable hand by having his cramps kick in hard and he groans, folding in on himself, frustrated want permeating him.
And then there’s Castiel. Who sits by him, while he’s snarfing down inordinate amounts of food. Not heat-related, he assures the Alpha. Dean’s just like this.
He should have kept running. As it is, a fatigue catches up with him and he knows it has to do with his heat. It tends to make him sluggish. He has to take his meds tonight when he’s back at the hotel and he can only hope they’re going home soon. Nest, he wishes idly, and an empathising whine from Castiel encroaches on that feeling.
“Right,” he says, clapping his hands together. His gaze sort of skips over Castiel, who’s clearly back to his smooth as fuck Alpha persona - no, it ain’t a persona, he
Dean shrugs, tugging at the towel so it doesn’t fall, though maybe he should let it, just to annoy Sam. “Nothing special. I mean… He said the Novaks didn’t…”
“Hey, beautiful,” he smiles, tilting his weight into the most Alpha-looking one. “Do me a favour and get me inside as your plus one, will ya?”
John rubs at his forehead, everything about him laced with discomfort. Dean crosses his arms, in no hurry to put his father out of his misery. All it took was a few days of respite to raise the bar. He's never going back to that.
“Yes,” Castiel says, admirably calm, though he doesn’t let go of John’s arm. “It did. And yes, your son is responsible, but nothing…” John growls, turning from Dean to Castiel. “Nothing happened! Stop this!”
Cas’ fingers lace through his, which is when he realizes he’s shaking. Everyone present has to notice the intimate gesture, but all of them are either too polite or engrossed.
John’s nimble and quick, when he wants to be. He releases Dean’s collar for a split second and knuckles make harsh contact with his cheek, before he’s gripped tight again. “Shut up, boy, you don’t talk about me that way. Unless you want to join their pack, you get yourself under control this instant!”
But fuck, he hates how attuned he and Sam are, when Sam sniffs and coughs in rapid succession. There’s something else laced through Sam’s scent though. It’s masking another matter.
the fact that he’s easily got three buttons too many popped on his sinfully tight shirt. It provides an eyeful of clavicle and chest hair, which he’s got trouble looking away from.
He blinks urgently, trying to shake it off, but instead his vision is swamped with his father. Snarling angrily, teeth bared, his hand gripping down on Dean’s arm. Loud noises are all he gets and he smells the fury and disdain. Reflexively he shoves him off and tries to turn away, only to be grabbed by the scruff and pulled back, as if he’s nothing. This is like being a pup all over again. The shock of it knocks his auditory senses back into gear. A painful whine wrenches out of him.
He doesn’t know when exactly, but there’s a breaking point in Cas’ scent. An abrupt dropping off the edge and suddenly those kind words are replaced with beseechments that have nothing to do with praising Dean into the heavens. They’re Cas’ needs laid bare in sound and scent, as Cas buries his face in Dean’s neck. Dean meets him and they move in sloppy sync. His nostrils flare when he inhales Cas’ desire. He slips his hand between them, down Cas’ abdomen, whining as he touches him. Cas works him relentlessly and finally,
They spend the next few minutes with a horizon that gets painted in the colours of morning, until Dean’s phone rings. He stares at it sheepishly.
The man is fast. Whatever he’s on has him moving like lightning and the next second Castiel is in full shift. His muscles ripple under his shirt, fabric switched out for fur, and his eyes light up bright red, while he turns into his massive wolf form, paws coming for Dean. He curses, blaring alarms going off in his head, but this isn’t the first time he’s faced off with a wolf. Lowering his center of gravity, he squares himself against the incoming weight and shoves the animal off with everything he has.
When he gets to those - and turns out there are more than he expected - he tends to pause. Long enough to drag Dean out of his turned on fog of a brain. One of those annoying, wordless exchanges got him here. Cas’ heat at his back, hand on his ass. Dean on his hands and knees, the wettest he’s been in living memory, as Cas teases a dildo in and out of him like it’s his sole purpose in life. Right now, it kinda is.
Dean’s other instincts finally kick in and he windmills his arm back to front, cutting through Michael’s strength, the grip on his neck loosening up, every inch of touched skin burning. The second his head’s free, he shoves his other hand up and behind Michael’s neck, slamming him face first into the table and pinning his hand behind his back. His own is slick with stress sweat and he is sure he reeks.
“In olden days, a lot more so than now, to be honest. Though it still kinda depends on how traditional the families want to be about it, there are many precedents where true mates have not ended up in any kind of marriage. Sometimes they’ll breed to ensure offspr…”
Dean drags his feet at the back of the group, tuning out the repetitive theme song of Charlie’s ‘what if’ and John Winchester’s ‘never back down’. Adam’s running circles around them or shooting forward like the pup that he is. Dean’s glad the kid’s excited, though he didn’t think it wise to bring him along. What he wouldn’t give to be back home, sink into his memory foam, headphones on with an array of snacks around him. Maybe drag the television into his room, so he doesn’t need to interact with the world for a while.
“Come here and find out.” A waft of intensely annoyed Alpha hits his nose and Dean squeezes his eyes shut, when that sends colours popping in his head. “Whoa…”
That, at least, he knows is true. John had no reason to accept Adam, besides the painfully obvious parentage, or raise him alongside his halfbrothers. As a rule, packs don’t like taking in bastards or strays. It messes with the dynamics. John did. It’s difficult to judge his father’s motivation, but the sense of protection he always exuded over every pack member was real.
The numbers are mainly Sam’s area of expertise, which means as long as they’re on that subject, he gets to vaguely pay attention. Which, sadly, also means it keeps getting drawn to Castiel, who manages to contribute to the conversation, while locking eyes with Dean every chance he gets. Annoying, even when it’s making him feel hot under the collar.
John smiles, but it’s so deeply sad, Dean has the urge to wrap his father in a hug. He won’t, of course. John’s not that kind of man and even if Dean wants to, he’s not sure he’s physically capable.
His brother falls into step beside him, nose up to catch the coastal city scents, wind messing with his long hair. “You think it’s true?”
He opens his eyes and knocks the tap closed a little harsher than he should. Turning over, he presses his back to the wet tiles, hissing at the immediate chill, and swipes his thumb over his tip, eyes coasting to the ceiling. He lets go of himself. Not working, he thinks, but why?
Because that’s what true mates do, he guesses. Sam nearly hugs the life out of him at their door and Dean inhales his scent deeply. Familiar. Soothing. Home. He holds on just a little too tight and too long. Sam nudges his nose to Dean’s temple. “It’ll be alright, Dean.”
Dean lets out a little sound that’s all biology, while everything else, his heart, his mind are racing with too many emotions. “Cas, don’t,” he grinds out. “He’ll…”
What follows after should be familiar territory. He’s been looking for revenge long enough. This time around, Dean isn’t opposed to exacting it. Perhaps it brings closure for John. It will take the heat off the Novaks and, heaven forbid, bring their packs closer together.
In that one quickened heartbeat, Cas looks over at him, blue eyes bright. One dark eyebrow rises a smidge, enough for Dean to hold his breath and Cas’ expression. Frpm quiet to loud, memories of their last encounter flood him. No clothes, only endless skin and touch and being fucked senseless, with Cas' voice in his ears.
“Time to get back to work,” he says, needlessly, while cocking his head to take in the view of pants pulling taut beautifully around a pair of thighs he wouldn’t mind riding.
,” Castiel snarks, giving Dean an amused look over his shoulder and Dean meets it with a grimace, “ - for all his bark, is asking for exactly nothing, way I heard it.”
“For an alliance to have any chance of succeeding, we need to build trust," Dean says. "Unlearn some old patterns. We’ve been over this before.”
“Adam has no bearing on these negotiations,” John says coolly. “As if any of you share the exact same parentage. If I’m not mistaken, you’re a halfbreed yourself. Boy’s mine, that’s all that matters.”
Much too comfy, he thinks, while his gaze falls to those lips and he’s wondering if they’re chapped or dry. Can’t be. Soft, he muses, as they move. Must be.
First he needs booze, because his mood is at subzero, in stark contrast with his surroundings. He notices the signs that mark Alpha or Omega territory, which has him teetering back into his anger, puffing up considerably. Stopping at a dive of a pub with Russian markings, he takes in its elaborately decorated front and the people within. Alphas, each and every one of them, except for the plus ones that get a pass, because they’re on their arm. The ones who have a role to fill and let themselves be protected.
Dean groans and flops onto his back. "You have no concept of pillow talk. Leave it in and put your weight down.”
“Which part exactly?” Castiel scoots to the other side of the bed, so he can stretch out his legs and get remarkably comfortable.
“The border of.” Cas squints in annoyance and whether instinct or bond, Dean instantly knows he’s hiding something.
He shakes his head, every fibre in his being quivering under the strain of being put on the spot. His legs might give out any second, because whatever this shit is, it’s making his heat burn through his veins.
It isn’t until the next breath that his training kicks in and he raises his arm to fend off the blow.
“Yes, well, good luck.” Moving back outside to take up his square foot of burly space, Sergei gestures at Dean, clearly glad to be rid of him.
Dean rolls his eyes, but sidesteps the remark. “So what were you? The type to fall asleep or get sent to the principal?”
He nods, turning his head sideways to peek at Cas through his fingers. Fuck me, he thinks, in several ways.
Dean angles himself so he can take off at the drop of a hat, if it comes to that, while keeping an eye on Castiel. But the larger wolf parks his ass, tongue lolling out. A strong sense of approval wafts off him, which is terribly confusing. He’s beautiful though.
He ducks out of the conversation and obeys, closing his eyes against the stinging. With more ease this time, he sinks into the feeling of Castiel’s hands on his skin. Both of them expertly ignore the cloying scent of Dean’s slick growing heavy on the air.
Cas suppresses a smirk with marginal success. “Only when you want to, if I have to venture a guess.”
Dean holds still, one of his arms still stuck in the robe. Cas divests him of that and descends on Dean’s neck the moment he’s naked, one hand at the back. Squeezing there helps calm Dean down, as if he’s a pup held by the scruff.
He gets kisses for that. Cas’ is warm and sweaty through his shirt and wherever they're touching. His scent swallows Dean whole, so clearly affected that he half expects, maybe hopes Cas will give in. He doesn’t. Against Dean’s every conviction, Castiel is in absolute control of himself. More so than Dean, but at least he has the excuse of his heat.
manwhore rep, the odds are in her favour. Hell, in anyone’s. Dean can feel his dimples breaking out, as he reluctantly gives Castiel a once-over, just to see what all the hubbub is about.
Some sentiment from Castiel makes it through to his olfactory senses. A deep aggravation. It takes a moment to sink in, but when it does Dean can’t help but laugh, which in this form means he lets out a singing, little howl, the melody translating easily to Castiel.
“Of course,” Dean scoffs. “Hey, I forgot to say when you were here, but thanks for dropping off Baby.”
Truth is, he doesn’t want to answer his father’s veiled question on whether he plans to come home. He has no idea what he truly wants.
Before he can look, he’s pressed cheek first to the table surface and an invasive, sticky breath hits his face. That’s the unfortunate moment he realizes his heat is close and, in the chaos of the past days, he forgot to take his suppressants. Which means this fucker,
. I’ve smelled it since I first saw you. And it’s gotten increasingly more intense over the past days,” Cas says, an edge to his voice. His nostrils flare when he exhales. “You’re an incredibly stubborn man, Dean.”
He’s not sure what tips it into escalation, but knows it the second it happens. The girl, April, and her friend are still there, taking all this in with glee. All they need is popcorn. Dean’s temper flares and the bouncer squares himself, eyes flashing a warning. A hand lands on the bouncer’s shoulder.
Inside him, a sultry feeling unwinds and extends to his extremities, a sinful, comforting warmth in its wake. Cas’ hands slip under his t-shirt and he turns on his side to allow him more access and deepen their kiss.
He watches Castiel walk back up to him with no small amount of dread, two bottles in hand and a towel over his shoulder. That sway to his hips is apparently not an act and neither is the way he runs his hand through his hair.
They’re cuddled up on the bed after Dean took a shower - yes, alone, thank you very much. He’s in heat, not incapable. Dean huffs, his mind going two ways as to why he hasn’t asked the Alpha to leave at moments like these. Though having him around is a blessing and torture, somehow asking him to leave seems cruel. Dean’s not sure. His Omega has stellar ideas how to remedy that, none of which he wants to listen to.
He breathes faster, his pitch shooting up at the thought that Cas is right there on the other side of the door, listening to the rhythmic, wet sounds he’s making. That the understanding he’s bestowed is real.
John nods a few times and Dean’s acutely aware of the gesture being much like his own. When at a loss, just nod a few times. Suddenly his father looks at him with piercing eyes and takes in Dean in more detail. He gestures vaguely at Dean’s neck, where he knows some marks are visible, peeking out from under his tee.
He shakes his head, fingers gripping at Castiel’s flank. “They say,” he starts, then falters. “My dad says one of yours killed our mom.”
“Of course it’s his goddamn fault,” John snarls, shoving Sam off like he’s not the size of a car. “Can’t keep a lid on his sex and everything that comes with it.”
Cas glares daggers at him, but his frown quickly turns inward. Dean smells the frustration and lets him simmer, until…
He chances a peek at Castiel, finding that stern scowl back in place, and he bats his lashes, trying to filter the view. Make the effect of this man and his scent easier to digest. When he swallows, Dean mirrors the gesture and works his tongue in his mouth to stop himself salivating.
Dean moans out Cas’ name. He’s not trying to be quiet about it, because he sent the Alpha out on a food run. Gone long enough for Dean to stuff his face with sweets, which Cas has kept out of reach (
John raises both hands, a gesture of supplication if Dean’s ever seen him make one. “Dean, I was wrong, alright?”
John’s arm comes up, diagonally across his chest, the back of his hand pinging in the corner of Dean’s eye.
A wolf’s sense of time is different from a human’s. So it doesn’t surprise him that he loses track of it and they find themselves scaling a small hill in the pitch dark, where he comes to a panty halt. His paw pads are sweating profusely and his tongue is swollen to help let off heat.
“How about we break up this party?” Gabriel says. “You clearly need to not be in a public place and I need to run these two idiots, before they implode.”
"Of course, you didn't," she scoffed annoyed "why would it occur to you to call me when my son gets into an accident? Meg called me."
The class went on a little longer before it was time for the last class that was Chemistry. Once it was over, Castiel went straight for the front and out into the fresh air for the car.
Castiel was moving along doing a decent job doing all he could even hiding behind people to avoid the balls and hitting Meg and Hannah.
"How could I do that?" Cas laughed, Meg joining in "Do you honestly think I'd stay with you? I may not remember you, but I'm sure I only used you to see if I really was gay. You repulsed me. I figured you'd figure that out besides in bed with you I thought about Meg the whole time. It was the only way to help me get off. How could I love a man's body when a woman's body is so beautiful? I mean look at her" Cas smiled at the girl "and her pussy I mean goddammit" he didn't give any warning to anyone placing his fingers into her vagina lips causing her to moan, grabbing onto him for support.
It was a good-sized wedding. No one from Castiel's family was invited, but his friends were. They only wanted the ones who they are close with.
With a slam of the door, Cas attacked Dean's lips again, only for Dean to pull away to inform him "This is like the old you." He felt like he was with his actual Cas again.
"You did amazing in surgery so you will be, but I need to ask you questions before your doctor comes in" this was the usual thing to do with patients who had trauma to the head.
Castiel turned his body slightly towards the older man to find that he was looking at Cas intensely.
"Are you delusional?" Ignoring what he just said "He doesn't remember you! You're nothing, but a stranger he's going to come back to me watch and see."
Castiel didn’t even seem too surprised “So you are taking it just so you can stare and maybe flirt with Dorothy?” he knew she kind of had a thing for her.
"Yeah, I told her she'll never see me again and if she does it will be Hell. She's my past and all I care about is getting all of my memories back with you."
Arriving into the class that was piling with students, Charlie saved him a seat right in front of her that was upfront and in the corner near the window – a good spot.
Charlie definitely had something to say back "Says the person who desperately wants Cas back yet been fucking a certain doctor in the hospital this past week. Yeah, everyone at the hospital knows about it."
With the remote being placed down, and Cas sitting back to get comfortable, he suddenly felt a pain in his brain where he got hit.
But not for long when Sammy lowered the volume, that was practically almost all the way up “It’s too early for loud music”
When it was time to break so that oxygen can pass through their lungs, they didn't go far by placing their foreheads together. "Tell me that was good for you as it was for me." Dean whispered.
"I am not, Cas." She kind of wishes she was "You hit your head hard causing you to have memory loss." She diagnosed. "This sort of thing can happen with brain injuries."
Things have been going great for the Winchester family - they couldn't be happier, but what happens when a tragedy strikes and people who they thought they'd never see again reappear?
Dean felt his stomach twist painfully by the mention of her name - Castiel's ex. Why the hell would he ask for her? Yes, oh yes Dean knew all about her. They met! "not here, excuse me" when he walked out, Charlie was walking over with Sam, his mouth running a mile a minute.
She never felt anything like this before the pain was unbearable, but she knew she had to keep pushing. She wanted to bring this little boy into the world.
"Ash, that guy over there with the mullet talked to both of us about our problems like bartenders do, and overhearing each other's stories we started talking and it went from there. When the night ended, we wanted to see each other again." That's all how Cas and Dean's story started.
"It is" Dean nodded, giving him an answer "I sat right here as you sat right there in these exact spots."
Wonderful pleasure was exploding straight to Castiel's groin, which was painfully throbbing inside his pants, loving the feel of Dean beneath him, who is whimpering.
But it was good news "When I was with Charlie, I saw her with Crowley. A memory came back to me. The night I caught her cheating on me and now I'm getting more memories of her lying bullshit she put me through."
Because of it Castiel felt his own mouth starting to curl in a grin as they gazed at each other. Cas needed to snap out of it, he can’t crush on his teacher! “I don’t mean to my bother you. I’ll leave you alone to enjoy your book.” Cas pointed back to the counter “I should get back”
"What a great friend he is fucking your girlfriend way before you proposed." Dean's voice was rising more with each word "She's a cheater and a manipulative liar. You left her because of that! You told me all about it the night we met! Besides, you are not even into women, you're gay, Cas!"
Dean grinned, fighting back a moan, so he went down to connect their lips, tracing Castel's lips with his tongue.
Dean still didn't like it "You could have called me I would have taken you out I'm on a lunch break."
Sam smiled, having an idea, that is why he brought this up again “Would you come with me to pick out a ring? I want it to be perfect, and you know Jess too, so I need an opinion.”
“Are you coming to Kevin’s tonight to play D&D?” He planned it yesterday asking everyone through text “He texted me last night about it.”
Dean sighed "Because they don't want to make our lives easy" trying to screw two different parts together tightly.
“Watch where you’re walking, Fag” With one great force, the taller boy shoved Cas straight into a locker with a loud thud.
That made her laugh more “Cas, I am kidding, not like that. It is nice of him to let you off the hook for classwork today.”
Dean could tell that the kid could barely focus. Cas looked completely out of it. He didn’t believe him, pointing out what he observed “Your hand is shaking holding it and it is starting to scratch the nail.”
The feeling of that intimate touch, caused Cas to let out a soft moan, leaving his neck to see Dean's eyes are still closed.
“Thank God it is Friday.” Cas sighed, looking ahead as they walked their way towards the Hell of a school.
"Yeah, Sam suggested I watch it. I like it" Sam thought it could help. Cas did want to see how the day went, see which guests were there; No Meg or his mother.
Cas shivered in desire again unable to stop moaning as he raised his arms for one hand to be placed on Dean's shoulder and the other gripping onto Dean's hair causing him to groan out in pleasure, himself, pulling back with grin growing on his face.
"I get it I mean I don't know exactly what you're going through." Charlie was going to get through to him "You need to realize that this is hard for Dean. He loves you, Cas. Dean has to watch someone he's so in love with not remember him. All he wants to do is help you. I'm sure he said this to you already arguing with him and running off is not going to help!"
When everyone was in work, Cas decided to call Meg. Apparently, she had off today. He would have called Charlie, but she had a long shift at the hospital. He wanted to be in the presence of something he knows to tell him more stories, Dean wasn't around to do that.
Arriving and parking his Baby, Dean and Sam made a dash out of the car and towards a beige colored concrete building. Hanging above the entrance was a cheerful teal colored sign they had to walk under. Dean felt like it was mocking him in some way.
"Oh" she giggled a little making something up "I got moved to this hospital this morning actually. I am still interning, but you're my best friend of course I insisted on you being one of my first patients in this hospital."
Dean almost jerked the car from the news “Marry? You are thinking of proposing to Jess?” not to get him wrong he loved Jess and thought she was great for Sam.
With Dean being alone downstairs, his thoughts went back to his husband, Cas still missing him, so you know what he decided to face time him hoping that he will pick up.
Cas felt pain shooting to his head "My head hurts I'm done with this conversation." He went to walk towards the front door, needing to get out of here
"Ew" Charlie made a face "I love Dean, but he's like a brother to me besides he doesn't have a vagina. I really like those. You know this"
Once she walked off to go find her own seat and sit down waiting for what she ordered, the next person walked up. Out of all the people who lived in this town and come in here day after day, Castiel never expected to see a new face he saw just a few hours ago.
When he felt fresh and clean, Cas found his way back downstairs to the dining room that looked set up for two people with no Sam or Eileen in sight.
Cas is so willing to be by his side through everything, Dean wants to do something, anything to make him feel like it’s enough already. “Alright, come here.”
He’s got a problem. Well, 99 problems if this keeps up. His whole groin area is warm enough, he fears he’ll melt through the chair. For the first time since the meeting started - about half an hour ago, maybe two, who knows, he’s tuned it all out, a pacing Michael most of all - he shifts, rubbing his thighs together, and freezes, that telltale slip’n slide betraying his body’s intentions. His eyes go wide and he squeezes the arm of the chair hard.
His heart is pounding harder than it would normally. He isn't sure whether it is simply 'cause it is pumping for two or he's actually scared he is doing something gigantically stupid. But he knows exactly why he is on this hunt, alongside his father, brother and mate.
He opens his mouth to retort, but all he does is inhale too deeply, and his brain fogs up with Castiel’s scent. Shaking his head, he attempts to dispel the tempting impressions that come with it, hide how it affects him, while focusing on Castiel’s face. The guy’s talking. It’s only polite.
Dean leans forward, feigning interest, as if he still has the plot. His thighs and lower back feel warm and now he can’t take his eyes off those hands.
Castiel wants him. No rocket science there and yet. Painfully obvious how his pupils dilate every time Dean slicks or his eyes turn an ominous and appealing red when Dean rambles through the heightened spikes of his heat. He knows he’s making all kinds of suggestions and Cas is onboard for each of them.
“We’re taking turns to measure dad’s temperature. See if we can talk sense into him. Adam’s blown a gasket already.”
The mattress tilts his weight backwards, when Castiel gets up off the bed. “Water, right? Water seems smart.”
John gestures at Gabriel, a mixture of impatience and anger seeping through. “Why didn’t you show us this sooner?”
Castiel breathes out, long and slow, almost as if he’s doing a little yoga session or meditation? One of those things Sam’s into. The next second, when Cas shoots him some type of look, the air is pulled from his lungs and he sits in stasis, caught staring.
He scowls at their beautiful surroundings. The ocean breeze rakes through his hair and sneaks through the fabric of his shirt and tee. A welcome feeling, as there’s an itch under his skin that’s annoying the fuck out of him. So, despite himself, he straightens up and smiles, because it brings on a sense of freedom. Sam’s kinda right. Different horizon and means of entertainment. The sun is warm and the scents are crisp, while they're exchanging the more rural Bunker for a city landscape during the next three days. Less, if it goes belly up. More, if they find common ground and have to hammer out an actual deal that leaves everyone unfulfilled and pleased they fucked over the other party.
“Hey, not having to worry about that would free up a lotta brainspace in a lotta heads. Maybe stop people from doing stupid stuff, like…”
“A little of both. Depended heavily on my mood, but the subject matter was obsolete to me. I already knew I had no mark, so why pay attention and have that rubbed in. Eventually my father arranged for me not to take them anymore.”
“And you have no fucking clue who you’re dealing with,” he whispers, enunciating the words slowly, cause he’s more than a little drunk. “Shove off, douche. I’ll bite it off before you can get it up.”
Sam smiles a tender smile, grief etched in the stance of his mouth. How he tries to keep his face in check is painfully familiar. “Alastair’s pack thrives on chaos. It wouldn’t be crazy to think they killed her…”
Instead his lips prickle, so he licks them, an unsteady smile forming. He’s whimpering out some words, unsure what they are, but then his eyes fall shut and they’re kissing. Inhaling deeply, his focus narrows down to this experience. Their lips finding their shape together, searching, catching, moving.
“F… Fuck, Cas, your scent…” He whines deeply into the pillow, fighting the urge to sink his teeth in and tear it to pieces, “Why are you talking to me without a word?”
Cas runs his hands over Dean’s thighs to his lower back, hooking his fingers together. “Half of our issues stem from posturing for the sake of the expectations of others.”
Dean doesn’t move from his spot, freezing up when he realizes he’s waiting for Alpha behaviour to kick in.
There’s a red glint in his eyes. Pulsing like blood, it flashes around his brown irises and Dean’s Omega lays it on thicker, the air around him sweetening when he smiles lopsidedly. He casts a quick look around, gaze caught on Castiel for the hundredth time, though he has partly accepted that he finds the man insanely appealing. His mind stutters at seeing the Alpha with a woman on his lap and he frowns, before resting his eyes back on the jackass he’s been breadcrumbing all night. “Can’t have me. Nu-uh. Allll this… Not for you. Not for any of you knotheads in here.”
His breathing goes erratic in the next heartbeat and he howls through his orgasm, hips rolling eagerly. Shivers, while Cas works him through it, and sags sideways out of his own mess. Cas kisses his ass cheek, his flank, has the weirdo reflex and balls to sniff at his armpit shamelessly, which makes Dean squeak in protest and he shoves a hand in Cas’ face. “Obnoxious!”
“Your actions suggest otherwise,” he bites back. Eyes flashing, Castiel exhales through his nose roughly, everything about him going sharp and tense, while he sort of expands. Dean bristles. “Don’t try to tower over m…”
“Nothing.” He stomps off, expecting Castiel to be on his tail. By the time he’s at the bar, he’s got more than one pair of eyes on him. It’s what he gets for making such a scene. And fuck, a Russian bar. Why didn’t he peg that as something to
“We’d like to mix up the teams and ensure there’s always one member of each pack on the same shift.”
“I shouldn’t have cast you out of the family,” John grumbles. He puts his hands in his hips, as he casts a look up towards the invisible skies. “Not… Sam told me it’s a miracle as such that we managed to keep you hidden for so long. And Charlie said that it might have all been easier if I’d just…”
His legs tremble, but Cas’ hands support them, fingertips denting the muscles. Dean muffles himself in the pillow, hiding from the world. He isn’t normally like this, but for some reason with Cas… the way they are… He’s partly in his head, but the rest of him - what he should give into - is relishing the feel of Cas’ tongue, laving up his slick, intimately connected with Dean in ways few people have been.
“Which ones did you choose this time? Trucks or Barbie?” Castiel asks his tired son. Jack sways and plops himself into their old rocking chair, a piece from a hunter-friend of the Winchesters.
Jack buzzes around the pile of slowly decomposing food scraps, the watermelon rinds, coffee grounds, and chicken bones, even. Dried out grass and hay go on top, and together they decay into a rich soil.
“No - here. Put your finger here.” Dean instructs Castiel, pulling him out of his distraction. “Cas, you’re killin’ me sweetheart. Let me just -” He moves Castiel’s finger to the next fret up on the neck of the guitar; Dean is trying to salvage what he learned as a teenager as well as teach Cas the basics. They’re sitting on their porch swing trying to pluck along to a mellow tune playing on the radio. Dean’s bare arm is warm against his long-sleeves.
“Nothin’ too interesting most days. Horse stuff,” Jack rolls his eyes, like this is mundane to the point of exasperating. “But she did tell me about her affair,” Jack states matter-of-factly. The table is silent, a few peas roll off Castiel's fork half-way to his mouth. “With Neptune. And Marshmallow. And how she wishes Ms. Rosenberg would ‘go vegan’.” He adds, his little fingers forming air quotes.
Castiel smiles as Jack picks up a fat worm from the rich earth in his hand, watches Jack watch the worm crawl around his palm. The evening sun is setting behind the boy, those last few rays clinging to the blonde hairs on his fair head, the cool breeze making it scatter. Castiel dumps his handful of earth back into the pile and rolls the sleeves of his scratchy wool button-up down his arms.
“Go wash up for dinner, I’ll be right in.” and Jack runs inside, making sure not to let the screen door slam at the last minute, as Castiel goes to deposit the pitchfork and pail in their decrepit little shed out back. Because Dean always says that:
“We talk about school sometimes and I put flowers in her fur. But mostly she tells me all her secrets.”
They walk back up the road in silence, the gravel crunching beneath their feet, the forest around them humming with the chorus of bullfrog and cicada song. It’s evenings like this, where the quiet in Jack is almost somber, intentional, that Castiel wonders if his son has any memories of who he used to be. Like maybe on summer evenings he remembers the lake house where he was born, the crisp air, the doom of power inside him. How he had lived and died and lived and died. He hopes not.
He lifts the hand that rested on Dean’s shoulder and traces the lines that crinkle around his green eyes, illuminated by the moonlight, presses his thumb between his eyebrows, to his bottom lip. Dean draws Castiel in for a sweet kiss.
“Come on Cas Allman, you dance as well as you play?” Cas laughs softly and sets his guitar aside, grunting as Dean pulls him up to his feet.
When Castiel enters the kitchen, Jack is explaining the great complexities of decomposition to Dean, who is nodding along and spooning peas onto his plate. He presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek and washes the dirt out from under his fingernails at the kitchen sink, splashes water on his face. Evenings here are muggy.
Gesturing with his fork as he talks, Dean says, “So you’re sayin’ that cows feel less deeply than worms?”
It had been hard moving out here at first. God abandoned, Castiel with grace he no longer wanted, Jack free of his responsibility and wriggling in a soft swaddle of blankets in Sam’s arms. Cas didn’t need to think of that now, he was just glad for the towering Black Walnut tree, glad that it might finally bear fruit this year and that they might roast them in the fire pit out back.
Dean and Jack come back outside. Jack is yawning and rubbing his eyes, his legs bearing a few novelty band-aids.
Jack’s grin is toothy as he carefully returns the worm back to the compost pile. He covers the little pink squiggle tenderly in rotting vegetable scrap soil.
The circular table is set with three mismatched ceramic plates and three napkins and three forks and there's a glass pitcher of sweet tea and a citronella candle in the middle because Cas loves sweet tea and Dean hates mosquitos. Dean makes a silent motion for Castiel to take the pot of peas from him, then hurries over to the oven and pulls out a casserole dish, hissing at the heat seeping through the towel he’s using to grab the rim.
Castiel remembers how Jack had cried and cried at night when they lived in the bunker, how he would only stop when someone would take him up to the roof of the power plant. He wonders if all that power that Jack gave up is still familiar with him. Maybe he does have conversations with the cow down the street, maybe the stars do sing him to sleep at night.
He and Jack disappear into the house, Dean’s hand patting his shoulder as Jack regails him with the great details of his insect-hunting. Castiel feels, amid the still night, the goose bumps of solitude. He looks out past the meadow and the gravel road, past the immediate oaks and hickories and onto the ridge rising from the horizon. He strums the chord that Dean taught him a few times, serenading the trees. The dark forest blinks back at him but he knows it's not the eyes of monsters, rather the twinkling of lightning bugs.
It’s nearly completely dark when they reach their little home. The house is lit up like a lighthouse, even the few windows on the second floor glowing, and a figure is moving around inside. Castiel can smell the scent of food from the open windows. He tells Jack:
“Jack speaks to Marigold down at the Rosenbergs, don’t you Jack?” Jack nods quickly at Cas, speaking with his mouth half full.
Jack is chasing fireflies in their front yard, the chaotic mess of wildflowers and grass come above his waist but he doesn’t let that stop him. He whizzes around their large Black Walnut tree and through the mess of thistle. He’s an expert at this sport at age five and Castiel is very proud. He scoops them up from below and holds them gingerly between his little palms, his eyes glowing as they do. And every time, without fail, he lets the insect crawl to the edge of his pointer finger and fly away, let’s it become another star among the mass of constellations above them.
“Yes,” He relents, “Technically, yes, Jack, it is worm poop but it goes through the worm and comes out still as soil, just with more nutrition in it. The worm makes it better for us by digesting it.”
Jack tags along with Castiel when he takes the bucket of compost down the road. Their land is 5 acres of hilly, reclaimed farmland, which means that you can walk from one edge to another and you would have walked a half mile, or at least that’s what Castiel understands. In the few years that they’ve lived here, he still doesn’t get it. All he knows is that the gravel road and the creek and the wildflower meadow and the hulking Black Walnut tree are all permanent in his life now.
“No. You’re an Allman girl.” Dean laughs fully and Castiel strums a few off-key cords to punctuate it. Jack runs up to them, out of breath from his frollicking. He has a few scrapes from the thistle on his legs.
He watches him stride up the small hill, his little worn-in tennis shoes, his small hand clutching the pail that used to hold their food scraps that he had insisted on carrying back. His head is bent up toward the sky where Castiel knows Venus is poking out through the canopy. He was there when she was made, after all.
When the kitchen is scrubbed clean and the casserole dish is tin-foiled in the fridge and Jack has dumped all the night’s food scraps into the newly-empty compost pail outside - he likes to lay the celery ends just right and sprinkle the onion skins like snow, or maybe he just likes having a job to do, Castiel will never know - the three of them sit on the porch to enjoy the evening. It’s August and Jack will be starting school soon. The elementary building is a long one-story in town full of new people to interact with; Jack is ecstatic. Dean is,
Sam laughed seeing Dean singing along “Heat of the moment! Heat of the moment” and pointing as he backed up to the connected bathroom between their rooms. They live together. Well, Dean owns the house which is conveniently a few feet away from Bobby and Ellen’s house. Sam and sometimes his girlfriend Jessica just happen to live with him as he commutes to and from Sioux Fall college, studying pre law.
It took one second for Dean’s green eyes to leave the screen and make their way up to Castiel. “What’s up, Cas?”
Dean did stop worrying, yet he couldn't get away from her. Meg was like some kind of virus that wouldn't go away. "You don't know how to give up do you?"
Dean found Cas relaxed on their bed watching TV "not that it's a competition but Jack loves me one thousand and fifty times."
"Proud? It's disgusting! Dean is an abomination. If you want to ruin your life leave then no son of mine is gay!"
“I do not!” Cas wouldn’t give up, walking towards the school to start the day, hiding that he couldn’t wait to see what Mechanic’s class brought him today.
From the feel of Castiel's hands on him, Dean rocked his hips forward into Cas with their cocks swaying against one another, having the Cas moan out "Mmmm" something Dean couldn't get enough of hearing.
Dean shifted himself up only a little so his fingers could get to work, they started moving around softly giving Castiel's balls a little message with his middle finger stretching out straightly for it to slide like a feather like touch against the taint.
Traveling up to his balls now, his erection was hard wanting to be touched. He wasn't going to touch it just yet he wanted to be a little tease.
“I am sure I will, friends of mine have been raving around this place” he explained “so I decided to give it a try and” he added in, feeling relaxed as no one was here to bother him or ask for help. He had time for himself as Sam still wasn’t home anyway “so here I am, Cas”
For Dean, Sam wanted to stay for Cas, but for his brother. He worried about him. Dean of course refused promising he would call if something happened.
To name a few, Castiel said “Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Shakespeare, and Agatha Christie” he could go on but he didn’t.
When the two minutes were up Mr. Winchester got the classes attention again “I am new here and don’t know any of you just like you do not know me, so why not introduce yourselves and say something about you.”
Charlie was trying it out, she remembered that new nickname “Or is that only what Dean can call you?” having humor in that question.
Cas stopped breathing for a moment from the sight of his naked husband; his eyes tracing every place, My God he has a great body.
Hearing that name that he never heard in this school before this year and now have that name roll out of Charlie’s mouth. Still walking, Castiel wiped his head in the direction to see the very gorgeous man, who stopped and turned to find who was calling him.
“Class” Mr. Rollan told them “get on your side so we can start the game. Whoever wins gets to pick the sport to play tomorrow.”
Dean didn't move or look up, stayed in that position. Cas hurried over to him "Cas, are you okay?" He bent down in front of him, taking one of Dean's hands away from his face to hold it. Dean just let his other hand fall. Cas saw he was frowning "Tell me what's wrong" he was concerned.
Cas sat on the hood of Dean's baby watching the sun going down on the water having the water shine off a beautiful yellowish orange glow.
"You can?" he would like all the help he could get but that didn't make sense "Dean told me I haven't seen you."
Dean had an answer for her "Because he clearly didn't go to you. He has nowhere else to go he doesn't remember anyone. He's with her."
One night, Cas found the woman he thought he loved aka his fiancé, in bed with another man, a man named Uriel who he thought was his friend. This horrible night led Castiel to a bar where he met Dean Winchester which lead to a friendship, Cas finally letting his true gay self-come out, dates, dating for three years, engaged for a year, and now married for five years. Dean changed Castiel's life.
Dean wasn’t ashamed “Yes, I love pie, and I will have a coffee as well, but what is the Castiel Coffee?”
"This is where you proposed right? I passed by the ring place with Charlie where you made it and she said this is where you did it."
Dean sighed seeing that Cas was not going to give up. He stopped what he was doing, dropping his tool "The dream I had was about you Cas and Meg."
Dean had to argue "I don't make Cas watch them with me. He agrees to them besides he likes them too and you know, gets ideas" a smile appeared on his face, thinking how Cas and him had many role play ideas in the bedroom that had them wearing cowboy boots and cowboy hats.
Charlie made a face at him "I believe I know, I stayed over your house a few times and those walls are not thick."
Cas felt the vibration of his husband's moan shoot through his body while he let his tongue dive further into his mouth.
Charlie looked to Channing “Channing, can you help Castiel to homeroom. I will go to his locker and get his books.”
Cas sighed, feeling the pain subsiding "Meg, I guess seeing her over there had something click in my head."
Just then a sharp pain stabbed her lower abdomen causing her to gasp but not loud enough for the couple ahead of her to turn around.
Cas kissed back like anyone would do, but stopped instantly. He pulled back, crunching his face in confusion. It felt wrong. He remembers kissing her, feeling something, but nothing was there. He didn't like it?
"No, you didn't. So, I recreated our first date with the two burgers, two large fries, chicken nuggets, root beer and pies. You wouldn't stop asking me why I was so nervous. At some point I looked into your eyes" Dean caressed Castiel's face "and said a few things."
Charlie would help, but she is 9 months pregnant with a huge belly and her feet were swollen. She was there because she is staying with them until the baby boy is born. With her close to the due date they wanted her here with them. She was okay with that.
