“Holy shit,” he said, and Steve laughed breathlessly, his eyes twinkling with something Tony would almost call fondness.
"What? We usually only call when we're horny."
“Okay,” Tony said quietly, and Steve put down his cup so he could pull Tony into his arms, pushed up firmly against his side. It was a little awkward, but Tony solved that problem by swinging a leg over Steve and settling in his lap and – oh yeah, that was perfect.
Before Steve could retort Tony pushed another finger in alongside the first, barely giving Steve a moment to adjust before he crooked them upwards and –
I regret to inform you that due to time constraints and a lack of approval from the UN the panel has chosen to reject your proposed changes to the draft. As of today the Accords are finalized and their collocation has become binding. I'm afraid the time to revise these guidelines has passed.
Steve felt like he was floating, his chest filled with sunlight, and he struggled to push himself up enough to press a kiss to Tony's jaw before he slumped back down, his muscles still feeling like jelly.
Steve blinked, finally dragging his eyes over to the woman who was standing with her hand outstretched and one immaculate eyebrow raised. “Ah, excuse me,” Steve stammered, shaking her hand quickly even though his eyes drifted back over to the man – who was grinning at him now. Jesus fucking Christ.
The press descended on the story like a pack of hungry vultures.
“Too heavy?” Steve panted, and Tony shook his head, turning it sideways so he could breathe. It hadn't taken him long to accept how much he loved it when Steve didn't hold back on him, when he used his sheer mass to overpower Tony. But when Steve did
“So,” Tony said after a long moment of both of them trying to catch their breath. “I'd say that was a roaring success.”
“Tony Stark, manufacturer of Beyond Toys,” the man said with a wink, giving Steve an amused smile. “The dolls were my idea. Couldn't resist immortalizing myself in one of them once I figured out that I could. Not a design that we'll put into mass production, but we had this one lying around, might as well test it. I guess you were the lucky draw.”
T. Stark
This one's just a little breather before we get to the big event. I hope you're all ready for the bunker ;)
As for Dr. Banner's resignation, the UN sends their sincere regrets and trusts that the Avengers and SHIELD will ensure Dr. Banner's safety. In the event that the Hulk is sighted off Avengers grounds or becomes involved in Avengers business without prior notice and UN approval Dr. Banner will be prosecuted.
“Yeah. Feels like – I don't know. A warm bath almost.”
, Steve.”
Tony shifted closer, and they both groaned when their cocks suddenly slid against each other, meeting in the middle. The pie filling was still warm, encasing them in heat, and when Tony thrust forward on instinct he felt that familiar give of soft dough around his cock, sending a zing of pleasure through him.
“I thought about this all the time, you know? When I was away.”
“Here you go,” he said cheerfully, and Tony thanked him with a smile, slipping him an extra five dollars. Steve didn't talk on their way back over to the studio, and Tony didn't really know how to break the sudden tension between them. Damn it, this was usually so easy,
“Alright. Have at me, soldier.”
Steve's eyes squeezed shut as his whole body twitched, and Tony looked down at where Steve's massive cock was tenting his boxers, straining so hard against the fabric that it looked like it was going to rip right through it.
“I just want to help y-“
Steve found Bucky in a restaurant on the outskirts of the main city, eating porridge the same way he did every morning. It was nice to know that he'd actually settled into a new routine here. And that Steve could still predict his actions like he used to.
with you, Tony,” Steve shouted, suddenly angry. He'd kept this secret for all these years, tortured himself with what ifs and unsaid possibilities, and now that he'd finally found the courage to say it Tony was going to goddamn hear the whole truth. “Spell or no spell I've always had feelings for you. And I know you've never thought of me that way and god knows I've destroyed any chance at ever asking you –“
“With all due respect,” she said in a palpably disrespectful tone of voice, “you have been out to the whole department ever since Rumlow announced that you, quote, ‘needed some pussy’ to lighten up.”
There are also three German words that may be helpful for this story:
“My mom is the town gossip, and my dad is a workaholic alcoholic. They
supposed to get attached? Come on! The definition of irony, you know how crazy—but Steve, I’ve had more fun with you; watching you freaking out over the Rangers? I could barely watch the game, you—”
“No, it’s—” Steve answered reflexively, then stopped himself before he spoke too hastily. “Stay? I don’t really want to be alone.”
He turned the phone face down on his desk and resumed the video. GDP made sense when Professor Sima had explained it in class, so why the hell did it feel like interpreting Greek when Steve tried to do it himself?
Tony looked chastised for seconds—mere heartbeats before another question burst out of him. “Does it not trouble you that as a people, violence was part of our nature for most of our history? The chiseled good looks and destructive efficiency of Jason Statham as the legendary super-soldier Captain America made me feel safe, even in the presence of a monster as brutal as the man they call Crossbones. How could we uphold peace if we are not prepared for the worst?”
“Well, shit. Remind me never to tell Sam anything,” Tony said with a quiet snicker in his voice. “Did I tell you they’re putting me on a diet for MIB? As soon as this is over, I’m supposed to bulk up 30-40 pounds.”
“You know… when you say things like that, I sometimes worry that I’ll wake up and see it was all a dream. Like in
Tony set his jaw and grabbed his keys. “No, Steve. You’re not alone. Come on, you’re coming home with me.”
“Holy shit, aren’t you Iron Man?” cried the kid who thought he’d simply caught Captain America in a gay embrace.
From out of the pitch black phone shone a brilliant, blue light Steve recognized in a heartbeat. Instinctively, Steve rushed to cup his hands around the phone to shield it from curious eyes that would inevitably notice such a bright spark in the cozy, romantic restaurant.
hes real private tho remember he wouldn’t say who he dated before rogers?
In the final seconds of the footage, the five stealth planes took formation around the leading jet and vanished into thin air.
Steve glanced down at the hand rubbing up and down along his ribs, then looked up at Tony with a quirk in his expression. Without breaking eye contact, he lifted Tony’s hand in his and brought it to his lips to press a soft, lingering kiss over the back of his hand. He didn’t say anything, but he slid in under the blankets and stretched out on the mattress along the length of Tony’s body. Even though he was several inches taller, he settled with his head pillowed on Tony’s shoulder, and much like Tony had done some hours earlier, he draped his arm over Tony’s waist.
Tony watched him with such easy contentment, as if Steve was everything on his mind in that shared heartbeat.
“No, it’s like, totally, a smart people thing,” Jasper said in a mocking imitation of a valley girl. A blonde valley girl. “And like Sharon said: we’re full.”
Tony gave him a squeeze and smiled up at him with nothing but affection. “Can’t I even pretend to be jealous?”
“Just because it’s going fast doesn’t mean it’s not where I want to be,” he said with the deep-seated conviction that sent shivers tingling down Tony’s spine. “I don’t like uncertainty, and I know what I want. I’m not interested in playing any unnecessary games about being hard to get or, or to test you somehow. You’ve been there for me when I’ve needed you,” he added, more quietly. “I know a good man when I see one.”
These creatures drooled over the smell of him; they wanted to hear him weep with pleasure, and with pain. It would satisfy Steve for them to want him, and Steve would keep him safe.
Tony took Steve’s hand in his the minute they emerged from the building, wrapping both his arms around Steve’s so that they pressed close together as they walked down the street.
Steve froze and looked at the boxes in Tony’s hands. A blush crept up across his chest and neck, and color bloomed over his cheeks; by the time he shook his head and admitted that he didn’t know, Tony had already figured it out.
“A week,” Sharon interrupted in a rush, and she barely managed to keep speaking when she felt Steve freeze beside her. “The paperwork, sir, I—it will take two weeks to go through, but, but Mr. Rogers hasn’t taken his vacation days for three years, I think it could be—”
“You should stick to what you’re good at, Jim,” Bucky teased, “diplomacy and sitting on your—”
“Sometimes, after fucking you,” Steve announced without preamble, and Tony shut up immediately to listen with every cell in his body. “After pulling out, I, uh. I, I have the urge to take you between my hands and stretch you. See what I’ve done to you, to, to see how much you can take. I can’t believe it, sometimes I think, that maybe I’m, I don’t think I would be strong enough, I don’t know how you can take it. You blow my mind, Tony, but I still… I still have this urge to see how much you can take.”
Tony laughed easily, but Steve nodded again as if that was exactly his preferred method of deciding on a game prize. “Fair enough, let’s do this.”
Tony was alive. He was still in Lumine as part of the rescue efforts.
“Erring on the side of caution here, Tony. Take a look,” Steve grabbed two of the detonators from under the scientists noses to share with Tony through his camera phone. He held the phone angled toward the detonators by his teeth, and put his earbuds on so he could hear Tony’s voice clearly while he worked.
Not to be too awkward but you’re not some kid or old dude are you?
from the Savoy-Carignano family. For the crown prince, it was love at first sight, but h is reputation and intelligence preceded him. Even at sixteen the Marchesa knew to avoid a man who spilled rumors of infidelity in every city he visited. And to be the queen of a poor mining country seemed less enticing than a future as a duchess or dame in a more advanced country, such as England or Denmark.
Steve shifted, without pulling out or grinding further in, and Tony could still feel it all around him and inside him. He opened his eyes just as Steve leaned in to kiss his cheek, then gently swept his thumb over his cheeks, one at a time. “I got you, Tony,” he whispered, his low, hoarse voice a reassuring contrast to the galloping heartbeat in Tony’s ears. “You’re stunning, you’ve been so good. Trust me, I got you.”
“If you want, of course,” Steve assured him in that brief silence while Tony wrestled with his fear of being too clingy. As if Tony’s silence was a symptom of reluctance. “If you’re not busy.”
“Do you have any plans for the weekend?” Jane asked, bouncing on the balls of her feet in her excitement. “Because if you don’t, we could do a double date! Maybe go bowling?”
“What do you mean?”
The young man blinked up at him with wide, honey-brown eyes. Then, all at once, the man jumped into action and reached to pull his bag off the chair, gesturing for Steve to sit down.
,” Tony glowered under his breath, barely noticing how Steve took him by the arms and gently steered him out of the way of oncoming people.
There were none.
He opened his eyes, and there was Tony - and Tony was smiling at him! His was such a beautiful smile - he looked so happy! - that Steve thought he could maybe share his cotton candy with him.
“That’s—that’s the fucking—you fit the
“I’m trying to say I haven’t been entirely honest with you, Tony,” Steve managed to confess, his voice breaking on the word ‘entirely.’ “You, you may have heard about my mom, Lois Lane.”
Pliant, loose-limbed, and half-asleep, Tony arched and rolled his hips beautifully in response to every thrust of Steve’s long fingers, whimpering and moaning in pleasure under his every breath. Regardless of how willing, how tight, or how reluctant Tony was, Steve always filled the first canister by hand. This morning, Tony opened under Steve’s practiced fingers with beautiful ease. With a short series of thrusts, Steve worked most of the canister’s length into Tony, and it wasn’t long before Tony groaned, deep and guttural in his satisfaction, to let Steve know it had bottomed out.
They would grab hot dogs and stroll through the city infuriating those in their endless rush to grow older. Tony would take Steve home to his suite in the penthouse just to indulge in his reactions. Others would love the view, the Fifth Avenue real estate. The butler, the chef, the armada of cars and motorcycles. But if Tony knew Steve - and there was no doubt in his mind that he knew Steve - he’d have no interest in the cars he couldn’t drive, or the people paid to do chores he would have preferred to share with Tony. Steve would marvel at the simple luxuries of water pressure, or a tub he can stretch his long legs in.
“With all due respect, fuck you and your bullshit,” Steve told Fury without so much as a second’s thought. “You are going to be stop excluding people from the peace and dignity, and let people live, while you,” he said, addressing Bucky, “will work with Natasha to help your people adapt. They have some great ideas, Buck, they really do. But people won’t trust New Yorseylvanian’s without your leadership. You’ll meet somewhere in the middle, and you’ll figure it out.”
“Hey! You’re from Tennessee? I’m from Oklahoma—I’m Tony,” he said with an easy smile, and he held up his pouch of tempura sweet potato fries. “Nice to meet you.”
,” she sniffed and rubbed at her eyes, clearly hurt by being left out of something like this.
“I only had one partner at the time,” Tony reasoned, but he sat up to enjoy the view of Steve’s back and backside. Those firm, glorious shoulders, that tapered waist—hell, that
Given the low response in general to my fic and writing, I'm saving myself from the accompanying anxiety and feelings of failure by finishing this fic up much more quickly than I otherwise would have.
still not over how he looked in
“Did she do that to you, too?” he asked, gentling his tone.
“He’s in the after school program, his parents can’t get him so his aunt is usually here, but it seems—I’m sure everything is fine,” Steve quickly decided, clearly avoiding any less than optimistic scenarios. “If you’re already in Brooklyn, you’re welcome to wait at my place, mom’s not far from there.”
Sitting had been the wrong decision. Steve hadn’t finished his question before Tony’s eyelids started drooping and his whole body listed to the side. The second the pressure was taken off his feet, gravity started pressing on him with insurmountable power and Tony could only manage to hum in some general acknowledgement to a question he hadn’t heard or understood.
Distantly, Steve heard as the guards called it clear and left the office the way they came. He waited until he was sure their footsteps were lost to the elevator before easing himself and Tony back down. When he stepped down onto the floor, he reached for Tony’s thighs to hold him in place, or at least to encourage him to stay. Just because they were in the clear for now didn’t mean he was willing to let go yet.
“Did you wake him up for this? Tony, you’re the worst,” Steve heard from a near distance, followed by a smack and Tony’s contagious snickering. By the time Channing took over the phone, Steve was smiling again.
Steve watched his approach with a faint smirk. “Tony,” he said with a smile in his voice, “you’re on time.”
“Mr. Stark, this is the NYPD, not the PTA. Just because you have time to volunteer doesn’t mean we can accept—”
Natasha shook her head without an ounce of regret. “Not since he became a pescatarian.”
“Violet, do you know?” he whispered, rubbing her side gently in praise as her tail wagged at the sound of her name. “What a good girl, of course you know, you're so smart. Tony wants to be a pirate,
Steve’s expression turned grim as he looked over the letters Tony had pulled aside. They weren’t typical examples of one-sided love or desperate cries for attention. They weren’t even homophobic rants. The first letter was chock-full of vitriolic attacks on Tony personally, presumably from a collaborator who felt inadequately compensated for her research and input. In her letter, she outlined her fantasy of engaging a gun for hire not to kill Tony, but to make his life so miserable that he would only end his misery by taking his own life. In the next letter, a man accused Tony of rape after he did not feature their sexual encounter in his books. By not following through with his presumptions, Tony had taken advantage of him in a vulnerable state and the man vowed vengeance on Tony for his assault.
The worst part was, that didn’t bother him.
The video ended, and with it, Steve’s stubborn duty to their people. His duty to his people took precedence over most aspects of his life, and in his excitement to do the best job he could, he had done tenfold more than ever asked of him. But all of it had been at the expense of his duty to his husband and to his king.
None other than Victoria and David Beckham looked back at Phil and the women from the phone in Phil’s hand. Between them stood a little seven year old girl in a pretty blue dress and a jean jacket, clutching a plush wolf. Phil glanced up at Steve before daring to hit play.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony couldn’t blink; he couldn’t look away. Rationally, he knew this wasn’t a competition, but boy did he feel foolish. And how Steve had listened to him, empathetic and kind, as if Tony knew what suffering meant.
As a small truck pulled up Taco Bell, the figures drew closer.
Warnings: mentions of violence (injuries consistent with boxing), dub-con, explicit sex (yes,
Steve rolled his eyes but elected not to comment. “I think they call him Thor.”
There was a momentary pause on the other line, presumably while she investigated the question. “Generally, prepare for rain," she eventually told him, “and temperatures range from mid-40s to high 60s. They’ve got venomous snakes, so wear boots if you got them.”
“The question is, where do you most like to be scratched?” Chris read off his notepad, then with a curious look at them both, added, “and are people usually good about finding it?”
While their mom stared down their dad across the table, Clint glanced Tony’s way and they both rolled their eyes. “You still up for fixing the fence out by the east lake?” Clint asked then, determined to move on. “We could do it together on Thursday, if it’s too much.”
“Happy Thanksgiving,” he mumbled between bites as Laura handed out spoons; they were all past the point of caring about plates. “Aren’t you glad you came?”
They didn’t return until the sun went down. Four of the five posts had been replaced, and most of the patchwork finished. What remained would be quick work for tomorrow.
“Until you suck his dick.”
write up his dating profile,” Natasha said to Tony as if Steve wasn’t qualified to take part in the discussion anymore. “Your notes are clear and I have the other profiles as guides. You take him shopping.”
Note: Forced impregnation tag applies here.
Then, almost like a miracle, the confining compression around his foot disappeared.
There was a momentary pause at the other end of the line—blink and you’ll miss it. “Slow,” Steve eventually said, clearly choosing not to comment on Tony’s unexpected term of endearment. “How would you feel about seeing a movie with me tonight, Tony?”
They moved in together days after deciding to give their relationship another try. Technically, it had started out as Tony’s apartment - except Steve had picked it out of three choices Tony liked equally, and Steve’s name was right next to Tony’s on all the papers that mattered. It was a two-storey penthouse apartment in Hell’s Kitchen built at the turn of the century, and what it didn’t have in view or fancy facades, it made up for in design. Steve had fallen for the privacy and the Spanish tiles, and Tony was glad they couldn’t see Stark Tower from any window. It hadn’t even been unreasonably priced, and Steve had offered to pay his half of the monthly cost, except there were none. Tony sold an original Goya from his private collection and paid off the apartment outright.
the length is right to create a seal. Too short, the penis can’t clear out the old sperm closest to target; too long, and you don’t get the sealing effect, so only a third or fourth of the old sperm is removed. And that,” he added, raising his glass to them both, “is the Cliff notes on the evolution of primate peen.”
“Not really, not all of them,” Steve answered with a shrug. “We were four guys and five, sometimes six girls? It wasn’t always the same people. We didn’t do anything serious, we just had dumb fun passing lazy days when we had nothing better to do. It’s not that difficult watching goats grazing.”
Steve didn’t notice Fury marching into the office with Natasha at his side, filling Pierce’s office with his lieutenants and Scraps. He was too busy trying to keep Tony's attention and offer him comfort while furtively searching for the bullet wound that continued to stain his hands and clothes red with Tony’s blood.
“This is a 21 and over bar,” Bruce reminded him, but Thor only grimaced and shook his head.
Tony wet his lips, chasing the memory of Steve’s lips on his while considering his words. “Check-ins are good,” he agreed, tracing the rounded tip of Steve’s ears with his thumbs between playing with his hair. “And you, you’ll do the same for me?”
“I am not lonely or unwell or
“You still wear it?”
Steve didn’t take his eyes off their surroundings, but he still huffed a nervous laugh at Tony’s words. “Never thought I’d hear you say those words.”
“Are, uh. Are you sure you don’t want to go to the hospital?” Tony asked, trying not to sound as uncomfortable by the whole situation as he felt. Steve had trusted him. If anyone knew what it felt like to be alone in a foreign country, it was Tony. But that didn’t mean he knew how to help.
“What’s taking so long?” Tony wondered for the tenth time in half as many minutes. He hovered in the middle of everything, either too hungry or too curious to care that he was in the way. “Is that chicken salad?”
“I… beg your pardon?” Tony whispered, and glancing down, he realized Steve had steered them to a manhole cover near the Governor’s building.
Pepper looked at him like he’d grown a third and then even a fourth head. “...you want to run home because of some flowers?”
Tony only hesitated for a beat. “Now?”
“Us?” Tony repeated in a whisper, but if he had meant to continue and say something else, he was interrupted by the realization that their car was waiting for them. With a self-deprecating roll of his eyes and a quick thanks, he got into the car and let Steve shut the door behind him.
“Not us: you,” Steve corrected, again taking Tony’s hands in his for a gentle squeeze - but this time he didn’t look away from Tony’s eyes, searching his expression for any sign of doubt. “It can be this house, or if you don’t like it, a different house; a boat, a ring. Whatever you want, it belongs to you. But when I look at this place, I think of your mom who doesn’t like New York winters, and my dad who never takes vacations. I think about the dementia in mom’s family and all the ways she could keep active here at any time of the year. I think about hosting a Christmas where we can actually see our parents and Alma’s family at the same time. We can have our wedding here; the place comes with its own chapel. We can host our friends on holidays, or just get away when LA is too much.”
“Damn, Steve. You’re a walking felony.”
“There’s nothing wrong with it, but you’re—” Sharon said with a sigh, gesturing at him. “You look great, but you’re too desperate to look that good.”
“What, just out of the blue?” Steve balked, “He’d laugh at me.”
“I’m not usually this bad! But it wasn’t as if someone in the family was expecting, or, or anything else positive that could happen at 5am… yeah, no, it wasn’t my brightest moment,” he admitted with a self-deprecating grin. “And remember, this is breaking news, it wasn’t as if there weren’t any clues: the whole time I’m booking the tickets to New York, dozens of notifications are popping up on Tony’s phone, friends, colleagues, news, Twitter—and I keep cursing them, I’m trying to dismiss them and they keep getting in the way—until I miss and open one article accidentally where Tony’s name is in the headline. Finally it dawns on me. I start crying, and I look and see Tony’s already a mess. We talked to my mom, his mom, then drank a gallon of water to rehydrate and went back to bed, because it was still five in the morning and I’d come off a night-shoot just a few hours earlier.”
“After we lost your father, God rest his soul, I had to work two nursing jobs to put food on the table, and to get you through college. To bring you up to the man you are today. You’re my son, my only child. I want you to be happy; I want you to have a family! Can you blame me for wanting to be introduced to a man who is so dear to you?”
“I’m not,” he replied, “but if I leave, Fury will make Sitwell the new Editor in Chief. You think you’ll ever achieve your dreams of touching millions of people with the written word then? He will fire you the second I’m gone, which means the three years you’ve worked for me will have been for nothing. Do you understand?”
“What? No!” Tony all but shouted at him, though it wasn’t shocking enough to get Steve to release the elevator doors. “Don’t fire your assistant, she’s not the fucking problem!
“Yes, finally!” Tony said with such excitement that Violet startled and turned tail to hide under Steve’s arm again. Steve wrapped his arm around her and held her tight to his chest, while Tony, mortified, rubbed her ears and apologized profusely.
Steve pushed up on his hands and knees and moved to check the drawer, and he had just located the small collection of condoms when Tony sat up with a question on his face.
“Yes!” all three officers cried in unison.
“Uhh, well. None of it feels real yet,” Steve said after a brief pause, quickly clearing his throat. “There’s been talk about a nomination since
Her cheerful tail wagged farther ahead of him than usual, acting like she’d been in doggy-prison for years and only now been allowed to come see her friends. She wiggled up to the two or three other runners ahead of them, making sure they could see and envy her toy before doubling back for Tony.
Poolside, the swimmers were down to their suits and little else. There were guys on the team who were taller than Steve, and those who were leaner and more defined—there were even some whose competitive excitement and rush of adrenaline for the upcoming race packed more of a punch in their straining little suits, though Tony didn’t seem to notice.
Tony didn’t have to be a genius to know Steve wasn’t just worried about Tony getting stuck at an airport.
“Sweetheart, you know better than anyone,” Steve answered with a smirk. “Nothing is worn under the kilt. Everything is in fine, working order.”
“You’re not dreaming, Tony,” Steve had told him, almost bored with the question. Instead, he had reached down to cup Tony’s half-hard cock, making a mental note of its size. Before he had a chance to stroke Tony to full hardness and see how quickly he could milk his pet first thing in the morning, Tony viciously batted his hand away and shuffled away on the nest.
“We can re-apply,” she told him, “but to do that you must leave the country for at least one year.”
Very quickly, Tony became more sensitive to Steve’s touch. Sometimes it was the faintest contraction in Steve’s bicep that would wake Tony from the deepest sleep, or even a twitch of Steve fingers. More often than not, Tony would lie awake for a short time to listen to Steve’s even breathing until he was sure Steve’s sleep was peaceful. He could have been dreaming of painting or swimming in a lake, and with the added comfort of knowing that Steve slept peacefully, Tony would close his eyes and drift away so easily.
“You asshole,” Tony snickered at the first touch of Steve’s lips. He let his legs fall open at Steve’s sides, so that when Steve lowered himself to lie on top of him, Tony could easily cross his legs over Steve’s back and keep him captive. With an added squeeze to remind his prisoner of his subordinate position, Tony innocently asked, “You mean it? I can choose any ring I want?”
“Can’t it be both?” Steve wondered innocently. His words caught Tony off guard, and his moan fizzled out with a sudden laugh. Above him, Tony could feel Steve laughing softly with him, and he reached for him blindly, dragging him down for a kiss.
Tony steeled himself for the opportunity to do better. He would do better - he’d show Steve he could do better, he could make Steve proud.
“Consider it done.”
“Compromise?” Tony said after a short stretch of silence where all Steve managed to do was to blush like a schoolboy. “Eat on the couch and watch something with Kevin Kline? Helen Mirren? Anna Kendrick?”
Without any fanfare or sarcasm, Tony finally crossed the threshold and joined the team in the conference room. “Fine. I need a computer and coffee.”
Time stood still as he cast around desperately for something to say, until he noticed his dog. His poor, sweet Marple looked miserable. Her head drooped in a guilty show of submission, her ears were pressed back against her head even as she blinked up at Tony with pleading eyes. If dogs could weep, there’d be tear tracks down her soft, ginger muzzle.
Tony lasted all of ten minutes before making his arrival known to Steve.
The cop standing closest to him held a device and spoke to it as if Brock wasn’t standing a few feet away. As if he couldn’t hear him.
“He’s either cheating or dumping you,” Sam replied, his tone gentle but firm. Clearly, he was a practitioner of ripping off the Band-aid in one jerk instead of washing it off with lukewarm water and a gentle touch.
“Good morning, welcome to the Today show! So glad you could make it,” a chipper young woman greeted them with a smile and a clipboard. “My name is Rachel, I’ll be taking you through—but first, anything you need?”
you?” Tony tried to say with a straight face, but the moment Steve raised his brows in a further challenge, his offended facade started to slip into a delighted burst of snickering. “New Jersey, Steven? Really?”
“One hour, tops,” Tony said, indulging Steve in one more kiss. “I’ll make it worth your time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Send ginger chicken soup and ALL THE VASELINE.
“Mom, you packed us lunch,” Tony replied as he climbed out of the truck and slowly made his way to the porch. The last thing he needed was for her to find new reasons to worry, so he did his best to walk as casually as he could. “It was enough for both of us.”
Tony could watch Steve undress twelve times an hour without growing tired of it, and now, after a particularly long, frustrating day, it was a dream come true. He waited for Steve to sit before wading across the small hot tub and sliding into Steve’s lap, reclaiming his earlier seat.
Steve ignored it, much like he had been ignoring Bucky’s criticism of Tony since they saw him with the red headed woman. Instead, he shrugged out of his jacket, ordered another beer, and turned his attention to the game.
“Where am I?”
“You know, he made the most amazing cinnamon rolls the first night I stayed at his place,” Tony told his brother immediately. “Maple coffee glaze—it was out of this world.”
Bruce held up the tablet in his hand and opened his mouth to speak when a polite voice sounded from Tony's phone. “Mellow greetings, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark. How may I be of service this morning?”
“Thought you were too busy to work on the assignment today,” Steve said in monotone, moving on from the superficial points to flesh out Tony’s strong calves and elegant legs. The time Steve could spend just on his ankles and feet alone bordered on alarming.
“It’s not a joke. I am 007,” Steve said in a gentler voice. Without taking pressure off the towel over Tony’s chest, he pulled out his Walther PPK, his signature piece. Tony took it from him, turning it in his hand. It was the same weapon he had help modify; that was his palm print reader, his enhanced optics.
“You got some good dicking, didn’t you?” Four Drink Thor teased obnoxiously in a loud sing-song. “Works every time! You know, there was this one time—”
Steve even picked him up, prompt and nicely dressed in a blue button-up and dark blue jeans. The conversation flowed as it always had, easily and endlessly, bouncing from one topic to the next. The only difference now was that Steve held his hand while he drove, their fingers intertwined and their joined hands resting casually against Steve’s thigh. Steve grabbed a big canvas bag out of the trunk once they had parked, but he still held on to Tony’s hand as they walked.
“Yes, Tony. Anything,” he swore on a single breath.
“We have a lot of exciting movies and shows to talk about tonight,” Graham continued on the screen, “let us begin with the hero and the monster sitting on the couch who bring us the first blockbuster of the winter season: Van Helsing! It opens everywhere on Halloween weekend—but this isn’t the typical spooky fare, is it?”
All at once, Steve’s distracted, unsure attitude was forgotten. The shift from defense to offense was as clear as night to day: he sat up straight with his shoulders pulled back, and instead of his surprised or unsure look from earlier, Steve could look at him again with his characteristic confidence.
“Maybe you should ask her and Shuri to visit Consone? Don't you think it’s possible Shuri craves international cuisines, or the arts?” Steve suggested lightly, hoping not to sound so worried. “They don’t even have ravioli in Wakanda.”
The woman’s gaze had flittered back to Mrs. Hansen. She explained that she couldn’t remember, that it had been too dark, but given her earlier testimony, Tony reminded her that she’d charged Barnes for multiple services over a six hour period. How was it possible that she could have spent six hours naked with a man and not know if he was hairless, ungroomed, or a compromise of the two? Surely whether a man had hairy or waxed balls would be abundantly obvious to a woman in her line of work.
Luckily, Maria only laughed at Steve’s comment, but that didn’t mean she slowed the car down. “We have work to do, why should we drive slowly? You know how to bake, don’t you?”
Steve frowned at him a little in confusion. “What isn’t happening?”
Steve was so fucking lucky. Until a nurse came into the room and Tony looked at her. She said something about how Steve shouldn’t have woken up and should be sleeping and Tony agreed with her—but Steve didn’t want to sleep with her! He wanted to sleep with Tony!
“Steve, that’s not—”
“Well, yes,” Tony replied slowly, “but the questions, the questions about roles, beliefs. Patterns of behavior. You got them?”
“Darling?” Tony drawled sleepily, startling Steve out of his thoughts. He held out his hand, reaching for Steve and urging him closer. “You’re back.”
“What about Friday, Tony?”
“How crazy?” Sumeet was first to ask the question all of them were thinking.
“What—who? What was that?” he whispered almost rhetorically—after all, just because he had seen it with his own two eyes didn’t mean he necessarily believed what had happened.
The warm, heavy weight of Steve’s arm folded across Tony’s shoulders, and Tony could viscerally feel himself settle with the physical assurance that Steve was there. “A shot of energy or espresso, too,” Steve added with that charming half-smile you could hear in his voice. “Anything to help us wake up. Let’s just say we had a long flight.”
“Lizzo. Charlize Theron. Anne Hathaway. Rebel Wilson. Jason Mamoa. Rachel Weisz. Rachel Weisz’s husband.”
“Then please, tell me how I can get it, or—show me how I can learn,” Steve rushed to say, “please, if it’s books to read or people to talk to, I’ll do anything. Couples therapy, or—”
The fabric fell to the floor to reveal the divine adonis beneath. As the mortal expression of the patron goddess, the chief priest’s body effortlessly exuded strength and beauty. Ancient symbols depicting Marham’s prayer for family and health were drawn across the firm muscles of his chest, closest to his heart. The Mayor could only stare as Ean knelt before him and welcomed him to the rite of Imbolg in the ancient words of their people.
“I don’t mind the work.”
Tony couldn’t see how Stephanie’s brows climbed up her forehead until they were nearly obscured behind her fringe, but he sure heard the lingering silence that grew between them.
“How's Sarah been? She's gotta be relieved it's been going so well after all they went through. Hell, I still can’t believe how they found him,” Bucky mused while they walked side by side for the last two blocks, apropos of nothing. “Our moms are crazy, you know that, right? Who does that kind of recon—sure you’re predictable, but to stake out a whole museum hoping to find someone matching your type… that’s a lot of work.”
With a cursory touch, Steve spread lube from his fingers over his cock, then guided his cock into position and pressed in with one slow, painfully slow, thrust. Tony clutched at the bedspread as those first few inches breached him, but at the same time as he felt his body stretching and straining to accommodate the blunt, unyielding intrusion of Steve’s cock, Tony could hear Steve’s quiet, otherwise unheard puffs of effort against his ear, his gasping prayer and his praising curses.
It wasn’t long before he found something that fit the bill.
“Here you are, Steve,” Tony murmured softly, handing Steve a towel and a strange, egg-colored helmet that Steve would have expected in the NFL. Was this a 21st century fantasy of Tony’s that he hoped to live out now that he had a larger man to role play with? Clearly, the man was kinkier than Steve had imagined, but if that got him going, Steve could roll with it. Blitz the neutral zone with a Hail Mary, or something like that.
“I don’t remember his name, but I know I’ve got it somewhere. I’ll find it.”
Steve frowned at himself through the mirror and, with one last look in the mirror and declared the whole look a lost cause. There wasn’t much he could do; the big S didn’t look right on him no matter what he did. Steve simply wasn’t made to be Superman.
“You can gently stir the struffoli in the oil, with this,” he said as he helped her up on the chair and handed her the skimmer. “Careful, so the oil doesn’t splash. It’s hot.”
“Captain Steven G. Rogers, this is our most venerable Governor Alexander G. Pierce. He is the savior of New Yorseylvania, and the genius mind behind the marvelous technological advancements that keep our society thriving and safe.”
Tony blinked in confusion. Steve? Gorgeous, devoted, hardworking student-athlete who treated everyone with respect and never half-assed a day of his life? He tried to pick his head up to look Steve in the eyes, but Steve didn’t move his head as he spoke. So instead, Tony wormed his arms around one of Steve’s big biceps and squeezed tight, holding him in return to offer what comfort he could.
“Anything,” Tony said simply, though he said it without a smirk of amusement Steve would have expected. As if
“Therapy?” Tony echoed quietly in surprise, and Steve felt a little uncomfortable by the sudden spark of curiosity in his eyes. “You would do that, you’d go with me to couples therapy?”
You wouldn’t dare
“A person would go insane,” Tony breathed, too shocked to even speak. “How could this be? Is there no exit survey?”
Steve no longer had a reason to hold himself back. Death wasn’t nearly as frightening or thrilling than finally taking the chance to live.
“Yeah,” Steve replied despite his better judgement, already reaching for his phone to call for a car. “My place?”
“That’s obstruction,” Steve said without thinking, not that Bucky was bothered by his interruption.
“But, okay, to answer your question,” Tony continued after clearing his throat and very pointedly ignoring the laughing brat on his left. “Once Coulson convinced me that, you know, it wasn’t all a prank, that there was going to be a fourth movie, I was excited—obviously, it’s. Working on these movies is a dream come true, the cast, the crew—everyone is spectacular. The first time I played Robert, I was thinking more about Dominic Cooper’s performance from back in the First Avenger, and I wanted to balance that against John’s work, you know, in
Thor hummed pleasantly after a beat, having perked up a little now that he, too, figured out what plan and story Tony was weaving. “I always knew you were a weasley fellow, Stark, but to see you put it to use for the good of others?” he said, patting Tony on the shoulder. “I am glad to count myself your friend.”
“God, this is so weird. You smell… like home,” he murmured, breathing Steve’s new scent in deeply. Steve hummed quietly, from the lack of anything to say.
“I mean it, Tony,” Steve said, doing his very best not to get swept away before they’d finished this conversation. “If I’m not giving you what you want, you’re the only one who can tell me.”
It wasn’t long before Tony became Steve’s most prized door, a body whose youthful stamina and unresolved sexual needs helped Steve surpass his quota every week. Where most bodies seemed to plateau and tire over time, Tony grew more responsive to Steve’s touch and to his voice. By the third week, Steve had gone as far as to bring a second canister on his regular visits to Tony’s door.
“We’ll go easy on you instead, how about that?” Karl offered, and luckily Steve was too distracted with his armful of tiny and enormous puppies—one of which took up loads of space and wanted to hide under his armpit, and the other who was fearless and dedicated to climbing him like the man mountain he was.
“I didn’t ask you to tease me,” Steve complained hoarsely, but when Tony again pushed at his shoulders, Steve obliged him, obediently easing down on his back.
Ten seconds into the ride, Steve eased up on the power to slow it all down and reset the clock. No more aggressive bucks or turns, no more sudden throws rearing back; what mattered was slowing down the smooth, confident movement of Tony’s hips into a fantasy that Steve could clearly see, and indulge in for years to come.
Steve had intercepted the master criminals at the first pub on English soil. While they drank like fish and congratulated themselves on a job well done, Steve broke into the van to see what had been so special about the dozen ceramic clocks they had gone all the way to Delft to steal.
Bruce kept to his side of the office for the whole affair. There he could distance himself from Tony and this Captain America farce without being rude. In difference to Tony, Bruce studiously maintained the hope that absolutely nothing was out of the ordinary.
“Then that’s settled, I won’t go without you,” Steve replied without further questions or concern. As if it had been the simplest decision to make. Tony rolled his eyes and exaggerated a sigh, then finally pushed away until he was sitting up again and Steve was free to do as he pleased.
But for Jane, Tony’s explanation only seemed to become more problematic.
Steve and Tony both watched Bucky grab two donuts and march out. Again Steve felt Tony looking at him, but this time he gave in and met his questioning gaze.
The seminar was well attended for a talk on the pitfalls of privatized harvests. Steve glanced around him, and like himself, many of the others had their pets with them. His was the only human, however. Everywhere he took Tony, his pet attracted attention and longing glances; fragile though they were, the power of human anesthetics were legendary, and enormously rare in raw form.
Somehow, the dress managed to stretch as needed to stay in place.
When Tony returned a handful of minutes later, he had stripped out of his kimono and wrapped himself in a white robe instead. The delicate silver chains still gleamed against his tan skin, and robbed Steve of what little attention he still had left.
“I thought I couldn’t hate them any more than I already do, you know?” Tony grumbled over a homemade lasagna Steve had thrown together after Tony stomped home from a particularly trying dinner in the Hamptons.
“Howard’s in his office, honey,” she whispered, “I don’t give two shits about the money. You look like you make enough, anyhow. But if you think I’ll let you boys run away to do this marriage thing on your own, you’ve got another thing coming.”
Steve gently pressed two fingers over Tony’s lips to interrupt his self-deprecating ramble. “Okay, two things. First, with eyes like yours, you don’t need to worry about anything on your face,” Steve told him, and if he hadn’t been so wound up about his second point, he would have kissed Tony silly for the way his eyes grew wide in surprise. Did Steve really not compliment him often enough? He would need to be better.
“Send 007 in, Carter,” H demanded tersely. “We don’t have time for your usual repartee this morning.”
, nobody knew what an Iron Man was.”
“Yeah, alright, dad,” Tony replied after a quick glance at Steve, not that Tony’s was anything but a mystery to Steve.
“Complicated?” Tony cried, shooting to his feet in outrage as he moved on from horrified to outright offended. Instinctively, Steve copied him so that they stood face to face, so Tony would not have the satisfaction of talking down to him. “Steven G. Rogers, that is no longer done! Rampant exchanges of bodily fluids was one of the major downfalls of society! After AIDS there was NRS, and then came UBT, a death sentence. Outlawing fluid transfer was one of the first and most important behavioral changes the benevolent Governor Alexander G. Pierce instilled in us, and it has allowed our society to thrive.”
“With all due respect: anyone but Barton,” Tony said immediately, but the quelling look Steve levelled on him quieted him at once. “Alright,
“Listen, Buck. Something came up in my conversation with Tony. It’s about the case,” Steve said as casually as he could. “Long story short, last year he struggled with an addiction to pain killers after a shoulder injury, and after surgery he had relations with a nurse at the hospital in exchange for more drugs. He looked up the guy's name,” he finished before Bucky’s silence turned into something he didn’t want to deal with, and he held his phone up for Bucky to read the name himself.
“And if what we hear about Mächtingen is true, maybe we can encourage them to address the anxiety and emotional strain of their daily lives. Once a rail connects Machtberg to Terrini, it would be easy for all to escape the congestion of the city. Visit the coast, the islands. And inland we have many lakes and rivers, beautiful old villas that are now too expensive for locals to own but which can be repurposed for tourist lodging. Provide local jobs and create new forms of capital.”
a great dancer, someone who liked to have a good time. He’d only really ever seen or heard good things about the guy, and Tony deserved someone who made him happy.
Tony made his way to Steve and wrapped his arms around him with a smile. “You genuinely adore that trinket.”
A gentle knock on the door startled them both.
“Laura Cooper who always had shit in her braces and chewed on erasers?”
“The game starts at six,” Steve answered, and this time he sounded much more relaxed, as if a factual reply was easier to handle. “How about we meet at 34th and 7th at four thirty?”
Steve watched them both with a smile for a beat, relieved to see the tension ease in Tony’s posture, and his friend taken down a peg when he needed it most. He didn’t comment on the present, but he reached for Tony’s hip on the impulse of wanting to be closer to Tony in that moment.
By the second page, Steve was palming his aching hard cock. After all these years, he should have known better than to read Tony’s erotica in jeans.
Tony watched his flustered man scurry away with a proud smile. Distracted to the point of incoherence wasn’t quite what Tony had expected when Sarah let it slip that Steve’s first crush was Disney’s Aladdin, but he would take it.
But once he recovered from his surprise, it was the look of heartbreak in her eyes that really stayed with him. Steve couldn’t tell if it was a sadness over love lost, or if she was afraid for her children, but either way it was enough to make Steve a little nauseous.
” he said after the stretch of silence. “But they’re still looking, in case you’re interested.”
Steve jolted out of his mantra when Tony’s tongue first pushed into him. By no means could he reach far, but instead of trying to thrust his tongue in like Steve expected, Tony rolled and flicked his tongue hard and fast under and around the rim of his hole. Steve’s body heated with a sudden flare of passion, and an unbidden, low, guttural moan escaped him. His knees slid further apart as the tension melted from his body, until slowly, for the first time, Steve became aware of an emptiness deep within him that left him desperate for more of what Tony was giving him.
“Gonna make you feel it,” Steve promised into Tony’s ear as he fucked him with quick, powerful thrusts. Every snap of Steve’s hips had Tony’s ass bouncing from the force of it, and as Steve really started pounding into him, Tony’s ass cheeks clapped together loudly with every thrust.
An icy chill ran through his veins, and he shrunk in on himself, stumbling back to the truck. Steve had no awareness of how or when Tony had wrapped his arms around him, or what his unheard words of comfort were, but for reasons he couldn’t have articulated if he’d wanted to, he instinctively knew to turn into Tony’s body to feel safer.
“If you’re right and the other victims also had accounts on this website, would it be possible to compare all of their matched connections to see if they have shared matches?”
Breathless and still recovering from his transformation, Clint peered up at her with a healthy suspicion honed by a lifetime of experience with Women and their promises.
“Right, whatever,” Tony urged her on, “but—so, can you break Stephanie’s curse?”
“You’re really good at hiding it, I’ll give you that,” Tony said after one conversation trailed off and they were enjoying some silent people watching together. “We can go sit down if that’ll help. Or get you a cab.”
Steve was struggling to peel the wristbands of his gloves off with his teeth when his phone started vibrating in his gym bag.
“You might think it’s funny, but a hero who is openly bisexual? Or gay?” Tony started to say, but Steve shook his head and interrupted.
“The window, it’s open,” Steve whispered, and after a few moments, Tony’s eyes focused enough to see Steve running his hands along the window frame looking for something.
Tony sat obediently at his feet, squeezed in between Steve’s knees with his cheek pillowed against Steve’s thigh. He had done so well adjusting to his life as a kept pet, and Steve couldn’t be more pleased. Every look and touch had been ignored or avoided, and even though Tony couldn’t understand any of the droning lecture, he had sat perfectly still from the beginning.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony agreed easily enough. “What do you do when you’re not working?”
From the closet, Steve didn’t sound any more pleased. “I feel like I should be sadder.”
Bucky and Steve told Natasha, and after that, it was not long before they were on the move. She announced to the people around them that she and Bucky were looking into a threat in the 11th hall. Tony expected them to gather as families or protect their young; at worst, he expected they would leave the citizens of New Yorseylvania who would happily leave Scraps to starve to deal with it alone. Natasha didn’t even ask for their help. Yet when Steve and Tony followed Bucky and Natasha’s lead, they were joined by nearly two dozen armed Scraps.
It might have been the euphoria talking, but Steve firmly believed the contrast of his white come over Tony’s tanned olive skin was the most beautiful piece of art he’d ever seen - and he told Tony as much as he sunk down on his knees behind him, took Tony’s cheeks in hand again to spread his gaping, sorely abused hole, and dove in with gusto. With a cut-off cry of delight, Tony dropped forward to brace his weight against the couch, pressing his ass back onto Steve’s face and turning just so to watch Steve over his shoulder.
“Drinks,” Tony finally managed, pushing off the couch to toe his way away from the paperstorm in his living room. “What’s your poison, Steve? Scotch? Tequila?”
“Let me get you the rest of your drinks tonight,” Tony begged, “let me make this up to you.”
Tony didn’t ask him why Steve had shown up unannounced, or pushed him to talk. If he was honest, Steve wasn’t entirely sure himself, but he appreciated the space. He appreciated the chance to think it through.
“Oh, really? That wasn’t you?” Steve asked in blatant disbelief, because he wasn’t born yesterday. “That’s a shame. I was so touched, I came all the way out here hoping to ask you to dinner to thank—”
Tony blinked back at him, nearly as taken aback as Steve looked. He racked his brain, trying to remember when he slipped and said penis; he couldn’t have—this was too important, Steve was too uncomfortable, he wouldn’t have been so blase—
Aside from the dog tags that he never took off, Tony’s prized possession, his most cherished memento, was Steve’s ROTC hoodie. It was enormous, large even on Steve, and Tony happily drowned himself in its soft, warm embrace. The nights were still so cold, and on nights like these, when he wasn’t too tired or drunk to remember, Tony would open the windows to let the cold air in so he could soak in the warmth of Steve’s sweater as he drifted to sleep.
“Steve Rogers, you were magnificent!” Tony cried in a burst of excitement, and, reluctantly, Steve gave up on Rumlow to face Tony. In his effort to keep up with Steve, Tony was struggling to catch his breath and even stand, but still his face shone with a beaming grin of excitement.
you talked to our parents. The same parents who never agree on anything except that one time they wanted us to live in a winnebago so we’d always ‘be home’ when we moved to different sets? You’re light-years past overthinking.”
Steve reached under Tony’s body and stopped his whole world by taking his softening cock in hand. With firm, quick pulls, Steve stroked him back to hardness. His ass stilled burned from the unyielding canister the student had no coordination in his movements, but Tony bowed off the cushioned platform chasing Steve’s glorious hand that so quickly reminded him he was desperate for release.
There was a targeting system he’d been working on that would do the trick, and if Bucky could fumble his way through failing to ask 004 out on a date long enough, he’d have the docking added in no time.
After a few moments of silence, he turned to look at them over his shoulder, visibly confused.
“It’s that way,” Tony whispered, jerking his chin to the right. “Hot tub’s a bad idea baby, lube won’t work and I’ll never forgive you if you make me wait, Steve, please—”
“No, get some rest, sweetheart. Have a good day, okay? If you get a chance, call me after work.”
“You wanna ride the bull, darling?” Tony teased, leering up at Steve through his lashes. But by now, Steve knew better than to take his exaggerated behavior seriously.
“Yeah, sure, help would be great,” Tony said after a beat, smiling again for the first time since Howard spoke. “Who knows? Maybe with your help, we’ll finish early.”
Together, Channing and Tony explained how the movie embedded itself into the regional folktales, mythos, and urban legends to bring the worst imaginable mortal fears to life in the 21st century. Grudgingly, Steve had to admit they seemed like no more than good friends. Jealous as he was, Channing easily made Tony laugh. Who was Steve to wish anyone ill for that?
game!” he crowed, clinging to Steve as they made their way out of their seats with the rest of the audience, recounting all the excitement that Steve had missed out on as if it wasn’t a sore memory already. “I can’t believe I was here for this! That goal was epic! Lundqvist was great, but holy shit, the defense was like—oh, hey, thank you,” he said with a smile when Steve handed him his Coke. “Do you think they know how good Lundqvist is, and that’s why they never get decent defenders? They—oh,” he frowned then, peering down at the drink in his hand.
“Captain Steve,” Tony amended after a beat of confusion. “Cigarettes are not good for you and it has been deemed that everything that is not good for you is bad. Illegal. Alcohol, caffeine, contact sports, red meat…”
Steve must have dropped off for a moment, because the next thing he remembered was the mattress dipping with Tony’s weight as he slid in under the covers.
There was no escape, not from her. Never from her. He loved her too much. How could he not? She was the perfect lady, devoted and graceful, and kinder than the day was long. On lazy mornings like this, she woke him up by squeezing in close to his side of the bed and wiggling with all her might, waiting until Tony cracked his eyes open.
They had been delivered to the front desk while Steve was with his second patient of the morning, so by the time he came to see what the commotion was about, the bouquet of mariposa skies had filled the reception with a delicate, sweet fragrance.
“I killed two men,” Tony confessed with a broken sob. “At close range, I shot them. Steve, I watched them die.”
“Something’s bothering you, Tony. We need to talk about it,” Steve continued, straightening so he could look Tony in the eyes. It hurt to see Steve’s concern, because Tony knew Steve genuinely wanted to work things out. Steve wasn’t the kind of man to give up on him—to give up on
have been dragging your feet since we met—”
Weeks passed, and little by little, Steve started to get better. The first time Tony had helped change Steve’s bandages, he’d almost been sick. How a man could survive with such awful wounds - let alone stand - astounded him. He could only imagine how uncomfortable Steve must be in hospitals to check out so quickly.
“Is he using you for leverage?” she asked in deceptively calm, measured words.
“February,” Bucky told him while picking up another handful of almonds. “That place smelled. They don’t tell you that on TV.”
True to his word, Steve allowed Tony to feed from him as long as he needed. He laid back and stroked Tony’s hair as he leisurely bobbed on Steve’s long cock and drank down every gush of come that rolled through him in small, soothing waves. In a rare show of trust, Steve fell asleep first that night, and when he woke up the next morning, he found Tony in the same position between his thighs. He was dead asleep, but even so he still curled his fingers loosely around Steve’s cock and angled Steve’s soft cock so the head would not slip out from between his lips while Tony slept.
“I can compromise,” Tony replied with slow words, his voice so frail still that he needed great effort to form precise words and clear sentences. “I preferred when you kissed me.”
Tony and Bruce averted their eyes immediately, doing their Chief the courtesy of pretending they had not heard him lose his calm.
“I don’t need your praise,” Steve said as he finished with the mail, and finally deigned to look at her. “But I do need you to explain to me who Jean is, and why he—she?—wants me to call?”
“It won’t happen again,” Steve promised with a quiet growl, rolling his hips as he slowly built up to a controlled, shallow rhythm. He stretched out over Tony’s body, pinning him down and boxing him in between his thick, muscular arms. Tony still clutched his right thigh with his left hand, and as Steve flattened him into the mattress, Tony became powerless to move. He grasped the edge of the mattress with his free hand, but Steve took it in his, lacing their fingers together and holding on as he pounded into Tony with a desperate pace he could barely control.
But why couldn’t Steve carve out two stupid seconds right now to text back?
You could guess what he did. And, sure, he wasn’t not dressed for it, he wasn’t prepared at all. He had got a good life; he had other shit to do. But despite it all, he'd elbow his way up to the ring and yell up at Steve:
“Tony, wait, stop—” Steve gasped, but the way his hips thrust into Tony’s palm made it clear what his body wanted. His downstairs brain had clearly taken over the reins.
“Hey, stop that,” Steve whispered. “Health first, happy second, looks last. Okay?”
Tony’s fears and resistance were forgotten. He melted against Steve’s chest, draping one arm over Steve’s shoulders and groping at Steve’s chest over his suit. Steve spared his hands only long enough to heft Tony’s weight against his own body, encouraging him to wrap his legs around Steve’s waist. Tony purred softly into the kiss, and not once did he seem to notice how Steve’s hands left his body, or how ever so carefully, Steve dug his fingers into the wall behind Tony to literally carve handholds into the wall and lift their joined bodies towards the ceiling where nobody would expect them.
The Feds had arrived. Steve and Bucky exchanged looks and sat down - Bucky in his chair while Steve leaned back against desk - to watch the spectacle.
But Tony had traced those detonators back to a warehouse in Singapore. Her uncharacteristically desperate and rather clumsy attempt to get that piece of information out of him only corroborated his find and made him less willing to give it up. Every sliver of intelligence Tony had found was already in Bond’s hands courtesy of Lucy’s secure connection. Tony could only hope it was enough to bring Scorpius down. Steve deserved justice for all the pain he suffered, as did the families of the hundreds lost or injured on that day. Given the choice, Tony would rather die knowing his work afforded Bond a meaningful head start.
“Hey—hey, I’m here, darling. Look at me?” he urged him with gentle words, “you’re not alone, Steve.”
“I have signed agreements from every single partner featured in my books, improvised or otherwise. I’m not here to blindside people for the sake of one page, detective.”
No warnings apply.
If only.
All of a sudden, the people around them in the audience roared in applause and laughter, chanting something unintelligible. Tony and Amanda looked up and immediately saw themselves captured on the Kiss Cam on the enormous screen over the rink.
“Thor, if you’re still—”
Bucky’s lips twisted in despair. “Stevie, as God is my witness, I don’t remember a minute of it. I don’t know what’s happening to me. There are days that are just… blank. They tell me I was drunk, but I don’t—I don’t remember drinking. I don’t remember the women, I don’t—I don’t remember the arguments with my kids. God, why would I do that, Stevie?”
Their first class of the day was Stromwell, and Maria had a seat further in the back like a sane person who knew better than to sit in the front row. Then again, if anything could take his mind off this mess, it was Stromwell.
“Did you see T’Challa?” Tony wondered, settling into his pillow and blankets to listen. “Was he helpful?”
The next thing he knew, a newly familiar voice filled the room.
“How’d you hear about this place?” Tony wondered as he climbed off, lingering on the curb until Steve joined him.
“So sue me, I don’t like it when you bleed outside of Kansas state lines,” his mom replied irritably. “Can you see the bone?”
“Who’s the new captain?” Tony asked after a short silence. Steve frowned at the thought, drawing a hand through his hair.
He was trying to remember his French conjugations when his face was pressed forward into the cushions and his hips pulled up until he was bracing his weight on his shoulders and kneeling on the edge of the platform. Stone cold paws pushed at his hips and shoved his legs apart until his cock and balls hung between his spread thighs, vulnerable in every way. Tony struggled against the heavy weight on his shoulders to twist around and see what was happening, but he could only catch a quick, nauseating glimpse to confirm that one of the other masters was salivating down the crack of his ass, slurping at his hole with its blunt teeth, slimy lips, and long, serpentine tongue.
Bucky squeezed through the crowd to get to him, pushing against the current of students leaving the stage, and like some laughing madman he charged at Steve and hauled him off his feet with a massive bearhug.
“Don't move. Do not touch yourself,” he warned him in a low rumble, then, to Tony’s dismay, Steve got up and walked away. Tony stared after him, barely restraining himself from moaning his frustration in Steve’s absence. His cock ached and throbbed, and soon he needed to reach back to clutch at the couch cushions if he was going to resist touching himself.
“They gave you the good stuff, huh?” Tony noted dryly. “Keep it together for two more minutes, would you?”
“Mr. Rogers?”
The moment Clint turned his back, Tony pounced on his brother and wrangled him away from the stove in a chokehold.
“Pirate is… well,” Georgie said slowly, showing Karl her note card as if his didn’t have the same information.
“Tell them about the ornament,” Natasha prompted. “It was cute.”
While they were all getting ready to go home, Tony  turned back to the computer and got back to work. Work distracted him well enough that it took him a minute to realize Steve hadn’t left with the others, and he still hovered idly while doing his level best not to look at him.
“So strong,” Tony murmured with a soft slur, still foggy from his nap and warm from the wine. “I love you, did you know?”
“Listen, if you want to spend the next five minutes talking about how my husband knocked that role out of the park, or how perceptive and shrewd their amalgam of current and 19th century news is in its reflection of the shameful and senseless actions of our current administration, I am onboard.”
Not sure, but it’s weird that neither of them are in the picture. Maybe it’s a prank?
He had never felt more alone in his life.
With reluctant feet and a quiet sigh, Steve got up from the desk where he was doing real work to follow Jane. “Alright, fine. I’ll see you at six for dinner?”
With the platter balanced on one hand, Clint walked out through the kitchen door onto the back porch. Steve watched him go for a moment, then slid off the stool to follow him out.
“It’s Banana Republic,” Steve tried in his own defense. They only looked more disappointed in him.
“What?” Tony asked him with a confused quirk of his brow, but he quickly seemed to realize what Steve meant. With a laugh, he said, “No! No, I heard them fucking. You should’ve seen dad’s face the first time I called him ‘big daddy.’”
They settled on a couch overlooking the waterfall rushing under the strong, arched foundations of the castle. At first they found a way to lie together on the couch, limbs tangled into obscurity and their heads resting on the same couch cushion as they read. But as the day wore on, Steve found himself needing the support to sit up and focus, while Tony gravitated to the thick pelt near the fire where the hypnotic flames and crackling logs helped transport him to a time when the magic of fairy tales still skimmed the horizon of reality.
Tony peered up at him still, cupping Steve’s face and studying it with concern. Eventually, he must have been convinced that Steve wasn’t ill or dying, or both, and he stepped back to give Steve some space and to glance at his phone. Rather than relief, Steve had to stifle a quiet sigh of regret at the renewed distance.
When Steve rolled out of bed two hours later, a notification on his phone informed him that Tony had replied to his email last night thirty minutes after receiving it. He needed all of a minute to download the file and upload it to Blackboard. Steve knew he should feel bad, but he really didn’t have time to care. Having a little more energy in the tank for practice this morning so he wouldn’t let the battalion down was more important.
“I’ll be on the couch if you need anything,” was all Tony said before he turned off the lights and left Steve alone in his bed to stew in his regrets.
" (Neapolitan Struffoli's original recipe for Christmas). Google translate is great, but really, you can also easily follow along with the photographs. Alternatively,
to the car and back to Manhattan, but for once, he kept his opinion to himself. He dug a little red fez out of his pocket, then handed his jacket over. “How will you find me with your horde of fans?”
Steve stared back at her, overwhelmed by the praise but a little taken aback. “I appreciate it, Professor,” he replied, a touch hesitant. Who was she to call his marriage a misstep?
“From what I can hear, he’s the one making this ‘one of those nights,’” Barton said with a knowing smirk. He came around with two shots of whiskey for Tony and a Moscow mule for Natasha. “Your partner is this very complex and deep character but Bruce Wayne is a villain because he has means and opportunity?”
“Stephanie is cursed herself,” Natasha whispered, fighting to speak without letting her teeth chattering from the cold. “You—you cannot break a curse if you are cursed.”
He had gone to sleep on Tuesday night as an extension of Howard Stark’s legacy, and woken up on Wednesday to a life that would be entirely his own. Whatever fortune Howard amassed, whatever bombs he designed, the future would stand on Tony’s shoulders.
Captain Carter stepped out of her office and caught them on their way to the stairs. “Rogers, Barnes. A word.”
“I wish we had a picture together with you in this,” Tony confessed, and Steve cuddled in closer against Tony’s side to nuzzle into the smooth, warm skin of Tony’s neck. His reaction to Steve’s two-day scruff scraping over his skin was immediate. Steve heard his gasp before Tony squirmed and shuddered involuntarily in his arms.
“Ben, there are many people counting on you,” Bucky tried, but before he got any further, Steve charged across the room at Rumlow. He moved faster than Rumlow’s upgraded reaction time, and as Steve tackled Rumlow to the ground, he caught Ben with his shoulder.
“Keep them,” Tony told him coolly. “I had a good time, Steve, but I think I’ve had enough for–”
“Honestly? I prefer the dating,” Steve said without having to think twice. “You?”
Those wicked fingers were all too familiar with Tony’s most guarded secrets. Steve only pressed chaste, reassuring kisses to Tony’s chest as he worked three thick fingers into him, dutifully steering away from Tony’s spot and minimizing distractions to let Tony indulge in the gradual stretch—the initial resistance, the blunt, burgeoning pleasure, and the inevitable
Later that night, Steve had only just kicked off his running shoes and made his way into the kitchen for a snack when his phone rang.
Without thinking, he shoved Tony back into the wall with the full force of his body weight pinning him in place. He removed his hand from Tony’s lips and covered them instead with his own, eager and confident and ever so gentle, like they had the luxury of indulging in leisurely kisses and affection.
“First date.”
The pleasantly amused expression on Tony Stark’s face chilled like sunshine on a bitter winter day. “Not to tell you how to do your job, detective,” he drawled, “but even if I did, a book signing would be the last place I’d admit it.”
“…Google what?”
“...and what exactly is this supposed to tell me?”
Steve tried not to think too much about it.
“Don’t be a smartass,” Steve tried to say without grinning, not that he ever could. Tony preened at the compliment and put his own menu aside to give Steve his attention. Recalling what Steve had just said, Tony settled his chin in his palm to comfortably take in the beautiful view.
Tony was standing beside Dummy, unharmed. Both the horse and rider were exhausted and panting from exertion. Neither of them moved. Tony was still holding on to Dummy, still gripping the horse's mane like a lifeline, but he was unharmed.
“Clint?” Tony asked for his brother, turning to find him. When he saw Clint talking to the Reverend a few yards away, he called his name and waved him over. “I need a witness, get over here!”
In the embrace of lush, flowering trees stood a stately, three story villa. It belonged in a fairy tale more than the real world, with its three chimneys and terracotta roof. It looked settled in its lush embrace of lemon trees, with peach colored stucco walls and off-white granite steps leading to a sprawling porch. The windows were decorated with white, hand-carved frames, but without the typical ornate frills and arches of Mediterranean architecture, it looked understated in its elegance.
Finally, he turned back to Steve and stretched to steal another kiss (and another) before taking his hand.
Steve nodded wordlessly, pressed a parting kiss low on Tony’s abdomen before gently withdrawing his fingers. He sat back momentarily to tear open the packet and roll the condom on, then moved up beside Tony to move them both onto their sides until he could spoon right up against Tony’s back, his hard cock nestled in the cleft of Tony’s ass.
“Come on, man, you’d be great! And you already look the part,” Tony whined softly, pouting and batting his biggest puppy dog eyes at Bruce in the hopes it would work.
“But…” he prompted when Stephanie didn’t volunteer more information.
The rush of panic and pain left Tony whimpering and dizzy with fear. Unlike the females, his nipples did not produce anything worth harvesting for sale, so what was it to them if one accidentally came off? What incentive did they have to be careful? His cock twitched in an involuntary response to the sudden spike of adrenaline, and that finally gave the masters pause. They stepped back and murmured with excitement, staring now at the one feature their pets didn’t have.
“I am searching! I don’t have x-ray vision, Tony!”
nonsense, or other classic alpha male lines to objectify the woman of the hour.
“Natasha wears unicorn print underwear—oh, shit,” Steve mumbled in surprise, digging through a bag until he got to a little cardboard box that smelled incredible. He pressed it to his nose and inhaled deeply. “Shit, this is good. What is it?”
“So, get this,” Bucky announced his return with a little more pep than usual. “Ex-wife, Carol? Turns out she’s got a son: Richard Kline. Moved to New York and worked as a nurse, got fired last month when he started becoming violent and unpredictable.”
It had to.
He went to the gym twice a day - once in the morning for himself and once in the evening since Brock worked out before bed - with no luck. He got his textbooks, notebooks, office supplies, and the most he found was one of the scarier first-years he remembered from orientation, Maria Hill, who held a Ph.D. from Berkeley in the History of Combat, and who’d worked on deworming orphans in Somalia for the last eighteen months.
I heard someone,” it said cheerfully. “My name is Tony. It's nice to meet you.”
For a second Tony almost thought he'd misheard him. But when Steve just kept looking at him Tony felt a heavy weight lift off his chest. “Wait, really?”
Tony's cock pulsed with every push of Steve's dick down his throat, fit to pop without ever touching himself, and Steve seemed to enjoy it just as much if his bitten-off moans were anything to go by. He could hear the camera shutter going off in increasing intervals, and each time the flash lit up his face was like a spike of pleasure lancing through him. The thought that Steve was watching him for the right moment to take a picture, eternalizing the sight of Tony's mouth on his cock –
Find attached a compiled briefing on your first team mission in Great Britain. The UN has located a terrorist cell in London and we've received a request for at least two Avengers to support the local forces in carrying out its termination. Please decide on which Avengers will carry out this mission by tomorrow 8pm EST.
Steve blanched. “You can't be seri–” He broke off when the plant suddenly hoisted Tony's arms further up, enough to force his spine into a backwards bend and put his tan chest on display. “Jesus Christ.”
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s for a better angle when Steve started rocking them together, pulling not even halfway out before he came right back, his cock dragging lazily against Tony’s inner walls. It felt a little like being caught up in the ocean tide, a seamless back and forth, and Tony turned his head to kiss Steve just as slowly and gently as Steve was fucking him. Steve’s hand came up to touch his face, so lightly that it made goosebumps ripple across Tony’s skin, his lips tingling with every brush against Steve’s.
“Just let me
“Blah blah some bullshit time constraint excuse.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I've been trying to get through to other members of the council but if that doesn't work I'll try to work something out with the President. We might have to go country to country to establish emergency guidelines but it's worth a try.”
“You know.” Steve swallowed loudly enough that Tony could hear it. “With the... cakes. Pies. Are you going to...?”
“I don't think that's true,” Bucky said and Steve glared at him.
And hissed when he suddenly felt teeth at his neck, followed by the wet pressure of Tony's tongue digging into that spot right under his ear. Steve's hand spasmed hard enough that he was a little worried he was bending the metal pole, but Tony just kept going, playing idly with his cock with such a light touch that Steve's thighs burned with the strain of not thrusting up into it, desperate for more friction.
“Of course not,” another vampire said with a hint of disgust. “An untimely death would sully the festivities of your joining.”
Steve bit his lip. “A little. It's muffled, kind of. I can't really explain it.”
Bucky met him in the hallway, clapping him on the shoulder as Steve kicked off his shoes. “There he is. I thought you were done going AWOL, man.”
Tony stormed past Steve into the living room, not daring to meet his eye as he grabbed his jacket off the back of the couch and –
“No, I seriously want to cuddle.” Tony reached for Steve as soon as they were both naked, pulling him down as he lay back on his mound of pillows, fitting perfectly into the indent he'd created there earlier. All according to plan.
“That's, uh.” Tony cleared his throat. “A lot of pressure.”
"The authorities," Steve said, staring straight at the ceiling. "I don't know what you told them, but there's no way they'll just let me –"
Steve’s hair felt like silk between his fingers as he twined it around his fingers, scratching Steve’s scalp when his lips caught on all the right spots. He could feel Steve’s moan more than he heard it and Tony forced his eyes open to watch as Steve took him even deeper, his tongue gliding just under the head.
“Yeah,” Bucky said, never one to sugarcoat things. “I'm sorry, Stevie. I know this is hard for you.”
Tony looked at him from under his eyelashes, and Steve had to admit, the sultry look in his eyes was shockingly effective. “You're going to love this then.”
“Ugh. I need a shower.”
The creature's voice was deep in a way that carried across the water as if it was speaking directly in Steve's ear. He froze, not quite sure if that feeling in his chest was excitement or fear as he tried to listen for movement to find out what the creature was doing. But with the waterfall right next to him it was impossible to make out anything over the sound of rushing water.
“That's good.” Her voice sounded rough even to her own ears, and Steve took it as the encouragement that it was, licking her clit with little hesitation. Toni wound her hands through his hair to pull him closer –
“About to be a whole lot better I think,” Tony said brightly, his eyes tracking Steve’s hands as he squirted the lube bottle onto the gap at the top. “Man, I wish they could’ve made it temp-sensitive. I’d love to feel that.”
“Hey, yourself,” he said, and Tony pressed a kiss behind his ear that sent a shiver down Steve's spine. Which only made Tony do it again.
It was weird. He shouldn't enjoy the knowledge that this being that could probably seduce anyone if it wanted to, chose to approach
First prose chapter of the fic! It's the missing scene of the last chapter, Tony and Steve dealing with everything. I hope you enjoy it!
a nice alpha...
Steve almost jackknifed off the couch when Tony pushed down on his cock,
Steve knotted him two more times before promptly passing out, his face pressed between Tony's shoulder blades as he snuffled out the satisfied purring noise that he only ever made after rutting. It was unbelievably cute – and the fact that Tony could say that after just getting fucked through the mattress by the same guy was saying something – so it almost seemed like a shame for him to pull away once Steve's knot deflated enough to let him.
“Wait! Wait, just a –“
Run away with us for the summer, let's go upstaaaaate-
“Hurry,” Steve ground out in a low voice, and Tony did just that, fastening the other cuff before he moved on to both of Steve's legs.
T'Challa straightened his back and Tony thought he saw something almost defiant but decidedly cold in his eyes when he said, “We'll see about that.”
Steve chuckled. “Hi.”
“Did you get good pictures?” Tony asked, and Steve jolted as if Tony had startled him, giving him a sheepish smile.
They all knew it was bullshit. Tony and Clint had the strangest form of sibling energy out of all of them, the kind of love that emerged in sharp insults and spamming memes in the group chat. But to Steve's surprise Tony reeled back like he'd been struck, not even trying to conceal the genuine hurt on his face.
“More
“Sure.” Bucky ate another bite, giving him a shrewd look. “So how was Uganda?”
“The sex doll people!” Steve should probably keep his voice down, but he was too wound up to care. “You gave them my address and now they told me to give them an interview!”
“A little,” Steve said faintly, and Tony laughed.
“Gonna keep being nice if I have anything to say about it.”
Which meant they did it a lot. For
“Shush. You won't believe what he said to Pepper at the last summit meeting...”
“Oh. Okay, thank you,” Steve said, trying not to stare at Mr. Stark's body too obviously, now that he could see it in its full glory. Christ, he needed to get a grip. Luckily Mr. Stark kept smiling at him.
“Just – lay it out for me. No holds barred.” Tony spread his arms. “What can I do to make them better? I'd like to hear your opinion.”
“Because I
Tony moaned.
“Where are you going?”
Tony laughed, his chest swelling with a giddy sort of excitement as he wrapped his arms around Steve, smiling at the way Steve burrowed into his chest. “So you liked it? I know some people don't, but –“
“Yeah.” Tony licked his dry lips. “That was... something.”
“No. No alphas. Absolutely not.”
“Reasonableness and the American way,” Tony mumbled, already halfway off to sleep. He could still feel Steve's smile pressed against his temple as he drifted off in Steve's arms.
Holy shit.
Toni was turning fifty this year.
I just keep adding more chapters... the fic is running away from me again, help xD Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter and I'll see you tomorrow! If all goes well we'll have daily updates for the rest of the week :)
“Then try.
Steve's hands were shaking with how tightly he was clenching his fists. “Tony –“
Secretary of State
Steve used to talk to Tony without needing a reason. “Just to see what you make of all this.” He nodded towards the rest of the room. “I don't think I'm getting a lot of productive thinking out of anyone else today. Do you think there's a way for us to reverse the spell?”
"I am." Steve sounded like he couldn't quite believe it either and Tony's eyes travelled down, hands coming up to touch his chin.
“Mr. Stark?”
In addition we have received multiple reports of a vigilante in Sudan who goes by the name of 'Nomad'. He may be connected to local crime syndicates or working on his own. Since Sudan has not signed the Sokovia Accords the UN has decided against Avengers involvement in this case, however we are asking you to keep an eye out for future sightings to pass on to the Sudanese local forces. Reports suggest that we may be dealing with an enhanced individual.
“I'm Tony Stark. I'll
, and when he finally found some semblance of control he felt Tony's hands on his face, tilting it up to give him a small smile.
“Okay?” Steve asked with feigned confusion, stepping out to make space for the officer who poked his head into the stall before crouching down to look through the gap connecting it to the other stalls.
“Oh shit – fuck, Steve, I'm gonna –“
Tony looked at him for a long moment before he cleared his throat. “Well. Why don't you ask me now? See what happens?”
“It does though,” Steve said thickly, and Tony tilted his head.
Steve immediately ran to the living room to grab his phone and press call, pacing in tight circles as he waited for Bucky to pick up.
“No buts.” Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s shoulder, not bothering to hide his grin. “I worked it out with the UN. You can stay here.”
“He was thirty-six!” she groaned, rubbing her face with both hands. “Fuck's sake, I never wanted to be a fucking cougar!” She considered that for a moment. “Okay, that's a lie, but they're calling me his sugar mommy and that's almost like what they used to say about dad and –“
“Yes, I can see that.” There was definite amusement in her eyes now as she turned away with a wave. “I’ll leave you to it. Welcome home, Steve!”
And Tony's cock brushed against Steve's cock head.
He felt Steve freeze in his grip before they both turned around to see Helen staring at them with wide eyes, her cheeks getting steadily more red.
To: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
No, being in love with Tony was far from the worst thing in the world. Steve would know. He'd been doing it for more than five years now.
“So,” Tony said when they were finally seated on the couch. “Here we are. Can I get you anything? A drink maybe?”
"Steve!"
R-PSG-18-02657-CR
“Yeah. That – yeah.” He smiled wryly. “I couldn't. Not even when – I mean, there was my mum. And then I was living with Bucky. And in the army it's – I mean, you're lucky if you even get a moment alone, it's not –“
“Oh,” he breathed quietly, and it felt awkward to make any noise in this context, but Tony clearly didn't mind if the way he threw his head back and moaned was any indication. Of course, that could also be his reaction to Steve's fingers sliding back inside him.
Tony nudged her in the side before he opened a private chat with The_Captain and typed,
"That's –" Tony cleared his throat, averting his eyes. "He's happier with you here too. You know that, right?"
Steve sighed in the way he always did when he knew there was no arguing with Tony, wrapping him up in his arms as they settled in. “If you're sure –“
“So basically blah blah, good deeds and all that, thanks for being here! Enjoy the party! I know I will!” Toni ended her speech with a raised glass and a wink before sauntering off stage, accepting Rhodey's hand on the way down.
Toni stared at him, honestly speechless. This couldn't be happening. Her brain was throwing up 404 warnings as she tried to make sense of what Steve was saying.
Tony didn't roll his eyes, but it was a near thing. More like after his father's death he'd finally started voicing his opinions in front of other people, without fear of the possible repercussions. He hadn't factored in that an omega who thought for themselves was apparently a medical mystery. How utterly charming.
“You're beautiful,” he said in the hushed tone that people usually reserved for church, his hands trailing over the insides of her thighs almost reverently, and Toni swallowed hard before she leaned back on her elbows, baring herself even more.
together, how fucked up are we?”
"Tony -" was as far as Steve got before his mouth dropped open in a silent moan as his cock spurted in Tony's hand, most of it landing on Tony's crotch and stomach as Tony milked him dry. Steve dropped heavily onto the bed - and subsequently Tony - when he was done, squishing him into the mattress until Tony groaned in protest, prompting him to roll them over until they were both lying on their backs, staring at the ceiling and panting heavily.
"Hey, my boyfriend just not-quite-proposed to me, I think I'm allowed t– wait. Holy fuck!"
Tony barely held in a derisive snort. “I haven't. Ever.”
“I want to fuck you like this.”
Bucky looked up, quirking an eyebrow when Steve sat down in the chair across from him. “Back so soon?”
, give him everything he could ever possibly want –
“Tell me about it.”
Steve could feel his throat close up with a mixture of dread and desperate hope when Tony opened the faceplate, his expression unreadable.
“I think I'll take my chances,” Tony said roughly, and Steve squeezed his cock hard enough to make him gasp, hips thrusting up involuntarily.
He looked almost nervous to ask so Tony smiled, clapping him on the shoulder. "Sure thing. But if you're gonna shave I'll go fetch my other one. This one's not technically meant to be used on beards."
Regarding the arrest of Steve Rogers and James Barnes we have taken note of your intentions. Should the UN or affiliated parties provide us with definite proof of a sighting of either of these individuals, along with a confirmation by the responsible government facilities that the Accords grant jurisdiction to the UN in said location, the Avengers will be happy to cooperate. Until then we have designated what we deem an appropriate amount of resources towards the search for Mr. Rogers and Mr. Barnes.
“Yep.” Tony popped the 'p' with a small smirk, working his pants down his hips. Steve's eyes were immediately drawn to his cock, which was half hard in anticipation, and Tony grinned when Steve laughed under his breath as he started taking off his own clothes.
We are glad to hear that the additional signatures have been approved. The updated terms of the UN issued house arrest regarding Mr. Barton, Mr. Wilson and Ms. Maximoff have been relayed and met with approval by the Avengers' legal team.
“And Dodger. I know you haven't seen him in years, but I swear that dog misses you.”
, he could be happy with what he had –
“Let's make that happen then.”
By the time Clint and Bucky left Steve had completely forgotten about the package. It was only after he cleaned up and turned in for the night that he caught sight of it sitting innocently right next to his dresser, just as huge and nondescript as it had been earlier that day.
Clint propped his head up on one arm, giving him a smarmy grin. “You mean
“You want dinner? A drink? Maybe a –"
Tony frowned. “You understand that coming along means they might want me to drink from you, right?”
, and Steve pulled him up into his arms and hugged him close, strong and steady as Tony clung to him like a limpet, crying into his chest.
Tony closed his eyes, squeezing Steve's hand. “I know. I love you too.”
Tony knew he was getting baited but goddamnit, it was working. “And I should care why?”
“I've never seen you nest before,” Steve said with a soft smile. “It's nice.”
Tony frowned. “About my day?”
, but in the same way a blanket felt heavy when it settled over him and pushed him snugly against a bed.
“I do.” Tony smiled, framing Steve’s face with his hands. “You’ve rutted in the field before, remember? You didn’t hurt me then.”
“So you turned around before you even got to the border?”
“Just like that,” Tony sighed, but Steve couldn’t tear his eyes away from his ass, the way it was gaping open around an invisible intrusion, around Steve’s
“Why would I? You never said anything.”
“So that –“ Tony felt more than heard Steve swallow where his forehead was pressed against his neck. “I mean, is that. Something you like? Or...“
Steve panted against the sheets, and for a second Tony thought he hadn't heard him at all, but then Steve slowly unfolded his body, rolling over onto his back so slowly that it looked like it took monumental effort. Steve was already sweating, his face and bare chest painted a splotchy red, and Tony attached one end of the first cuff to the reinforced bedpost by Steve's left arm before he clasped the open end around Steve's wrist.
Tony grunted, hips hitching up when Steve gave another hard suck, and Steve pulled back to lick over the mark a few more times before he moved back up to fit their mouths together. Tony's hands tangled in Steve's hair as he tried to guide the kiss, but this time Steve pushed back, and Tony met the challenge with delight, his blood boiling with a sudden rush of adrenaline as they fought for dominance.
Tony hummed non-committally, offering her his arm as they walked out of the room. He didn't need to think about. No matter how he spun it, him and Steve being together was a horrible idea. And not just because of their dynamics.
Steve looked at him, lips quirking up in a smile. “I'll think about it.”
“Come again?”
Hello, everyone! (does anyone else hear Peter's voice in their head when they read that sentence or is it just me?) Anyway, hope you have a great day and that you enjoy this chapter!
“Alright. So what's up?”
Anyway, can you believe it's been 121 chapters since we last had a dick pic in the dick pic verse? Unbelievable. Anyway, this felt like just the right time to bring them back so here you go, some NSFW goodness. Please enjoy!
“But have a feeling, don't you? You have to.”
Steve nodded, a small smile spreading on his lips. “It was,” he said quietly, and Tony was pretty sure they weren't talking about the pizza anymore.
I just sent this to the UN but I thought I should forward you a copy. They told me that if I come back to the states I'll be put on trial for my crimes but I don't care. I'm coming home.
Steve huffed. “Okay.”
“You want to do the honors or should I?”
“All due respect? Shut up and cry. I'll be here.”
Steve sighed. “Look, Tony, it's not a big deal. They want a human to be there? Fine. If it means that you won't have to look over your shoulder anymore, then that's okay with me.”
If any of the Avengers should have additional information on this matter please report back to me immediately. Find Nomad's case file and other details in the document attached.
He'd have to tire himself out first.
He counted his way through the ten spanks to the sound of tinkling coins as Pepper finished writing down the next batch of tickets and slid them over, just out of frame of the camera.
Steve closed his eyes, hoping that sleep would take him quickly and give him a break from his thoughts. But after a couple more minutes of tossing and turning he sighed in defeat, rolling over onto his back. It was no use, he was way too jittery to fall asleep.
Short summary of All Sheep in the Flock (again, spoilers. You've been warned):
"Of course," Steve said without hesitation, waiting for a moment of panic at the realization – but it never came. Wow. "When the timing's right... yeah. Yeah, I would."
But this was his first meet-and-greet that wasn't some sort of sponsored pseudo-date. He'd wanted it to be different.
“Right.” Steve patted down his trousers before he picked up his basket, grimacing a little at the twinge in his lower back as he bent down to grab it. Okay, so maybe he
Best regards,
He gave another thrust against Tony, both of them still wearing their pants, and Tony couldn't hold back a laugh.
“Hey,” Steve said and Tony suddenly noticed that his hands were trembling where he was holding on to Steve, his body gone stiff. “Hey, it's okay.”
“And that’s a bad thing?” Tony jumped at the pinch in his thigh, chuckling as he pulled them both to their feet. “Alright, alright. Let’s go.”
Steve was about to retort when Tony wrapped a hand around his cock, slicking him up with more pressure than strictly necessary. Steve's mouth snapped shut. “Uh –“
the one who – I didn’t even –“ To his embarrassment Tony felt his breathing start to hitch, his throat closing up as his emotions got the better of him. “Whatever. I don’t need this right now.”
“Come on. Let's find some more blankets.”
Tony shifted so he could sit in Steve's lap and couldn't suppress a whine when his sore ass rubbed against the rough fabric of Steve's jeans. Steve made a small noise, and Tony was suddenly very aware that they were both still hard, remembering what Steve had said before this all started –
“Something like that.”
Steve frowned. “But that's not –“
"Well I won't let you run away, so I guess we're at a stalemate here."
Mr. Stark's skin would be warm.
Steve thought about Bucky's words later when he was lying in bed, staring at the ceiling. He knew he wasn't fine. He was lonely and yet pushing his friends away, which only made him more lonely. He'd turned to a goddamn sex doll for comfort and a cuddle buddy, for fuck's sake. If that wasn't a cry for help he didn't know what was.
“No. Absolutely not.”
day of October 2016.
“The ritual feeding is sacred,” one of the older vampire sneered. “Mr. Stark has brought an unclaimed human into our midst. He is not leaving without providing for the Council.”
It had felt plenty sexual to Tony. But he wasn't going to mention that.
“Oh, I'm sorry, who was it that told me to –“ Steve abruptly broke off when Tony tugged on his hair, leaning down until their mouths were barely an inch apart.
“Right here.”
He was shivering when it finally abated, slowly, like someone was gently rocking him to sleep. The tension rushed out of his muscles like his body was made of water as he dropped forward against Tony's chest, his cock somehow still pulsing between them. He felt like someone was holding his balls in a vice grip and squeezing them over and over again, prolonging his pleasure as he came and came and came until he had no idea how there was still anything left in him to give –
“Yes, really.” There was something almost a little sad in Dr. Yinsen's eyes. “Please tell me about the procedure.”
He flinched when a hand came down on his shoulder, but Tony didn't go further than that, just let it rest there like a comforting weight to anchor Steve. It probably should've bothered him how much it calmed his nerves.
"Good," Tony said, his voice a little rough, and watched as Steve's pupils dilated at the sound, his grip on him tightening. "I hope you didn't want to see everyone right away. It's just us tonight.”
T'Challa blinked and Tony felt a hint of satisfaction at catching him off guard. “Well,” the prince said. “Perhaps you are a better man than I thought.”
“Alright,” she said, her voice a little strained as she pushed herself up onto her arms so she could see him better. “Your other hand goes here.” Toni slipped her fingers down her vulva, parting her folds until she could press down on her clit, massaging it in tiny circles. The feeling sent a zing of sharp pleasure up her spine, making her twitch, and Steve sucked in a breath, his eyes dark as he watched her touch herself.
“Fuck, you're good at that,” Tony sighed, and Steve closed his eyes, concentrating on the task at hand because Tony's words felt like fire under his skin. Nobody had ever told him that, and Steve knew it was because you generally didn't
The last slap felt like absolution, coming down hard enough to make Tony scream as his chest cracked open. It felt as if that hit opened a festering wound deep inside him and let all of the poison spill out. Tony was sobbing now, his ass on
Tony kept babbling under his breath, encouragements interspersed with sounds of pure pleasure, and each and every one of them hit Steve like a punch in the gut, fanning the heat under his skin. He'd always needed to strain to hear whether or not his partner was enjoying themselves, listening hard for the slightest hitch in their breathing, but with Tony he didn't have to wonder. Tony let him know what he liked, freely, enthusiastically, and that –
, sitting right in front of him, so close that Steve would only need to lean forward and he'd be able to touch him.
“Well, you got me, don’t you?” Tony asked and Steve smiled so sweetly that Tony couldn’t not press a kiss to his lips. “It’s real, I promise.”
“You, uh,” Tony started to say, only realizing in the moment that maybe he should have prepared a thoughtful way of explaining what had happened since Steve was put in Cryo. “Captain—”
As the rest of them got settled and started typing up notes ahead of the meeting, Steve looked up and caught Natasha looking his way. Her lips curved up in a pleased smile as if to say she was glad to see him there.
Before he could grab her, Marple snatched up his favorite rimming butt plug and took off like a shot.
It took Steve a minute to realize what he’d just heard. In a hurry, he scooted closer to Tony and leaned over the barrier to whisper, “How old was she when she signed the prenup?”
The man slipped into the cab with him just as the elevator doors were closing. All too casually, he placed himself between Steve and the control panel to prevent Steve from pushing the
“Mom? Mom!” Clint called into the house later that evening, soon followed by Tony’s echo.
“Nothing would make me happier, gorgeous,” Tony whispered, before turning back to Graham with a gaming smile. “Where do you want us, sir?”
“Italian it is,” Steve decided, since, evidently, his stomach concurred.
“And we are really hungry right now, aren’t we Steve?”
He wanted to whisk Steve away from the city, but he had no interest in Cape Cod, Martha’s Vineyard, or any of the oceanside resorts Massachusetters (Massachusettians? Massachusettoans? Massacheuers?) seemed to favor. Tony wanted privacy, apart from everyone and out of sight. Besides, it was
Dr. Odinson looked confused for a while, but as understanding dawned, he blurted out, “Are you saying you are a virgin, Steve?”
“Got medicine,” Steve whispered, nuzzling into a pillow. It wasn’t the silken designer sheets he had in his own bed, but it was well-loved jersey cotton. Tony wasn’t exactly sure when he’d last washed them, but at least they were soft.
“There’s nothing you can’t do, Tony,” Steve whispered, gently cradling Tony’s face in his hands. “You’ve never needed me to get there, but if I can help you, sweetheart, I won’t let you down.”
be the last!
He tried the armchair. It didn’t break.
Steve’s question died on his lips as a delicate hand snaked around Brock’s chest from behind. Brock turned and reached for the hand that caressed his broad, muscular chest with proprietary ease, and brought the owner of the hand around to his side to present her to Steve.
“Her body, her choice,” Channing declared before anyone else could second Rob’s criticism, a sentiment shared and seconded loudly by applause from the audience.
take it off,” Steve countered with a petulant pout, but as Tony leaned in closer and hummed in question, that petulant frown quivered and so clearly threatened to wither into an overtired giggling fit.
“That is no rash, Steve Rogers,” Tony said with the confidence of a man who finally knew what he was talking about. “That is your code tracer. All citizens of New Yorseylvania are code traced, it allows us to monitor citizen locations and biolink vitals at all times.”
“Yeah, right across the road,” Steve said with a more relaxed smile. He sounded like New York, but the pricey parts. “You?”
(Was there a friendly, non-romantic way to ask without giving Tony the wrong impression? Was there a friendly, non-romantic way to ask Tony if he wanted to get a drink, or if he was interested in coming around to Steve’s place to see whether the memory foam mattress still remembered him? Because Steve sure did.)
Steve rolled onto his side and pulled the covers up over his shoulder. The holoprojection from his phone brought Tony close enough to touch, as if his sleepy face was nuzzling into the unoccupied pillow beside Steve’s. They hadn’t been apart in over a year, and already two nights on his own felt like a chore. What he wouldn’t give to be back in their shared bed already.
“I mean, if Tony even resembles that guy, I can see why—”
Tony climbed into the trailer and dropped some bags on the the coffee table. He followed Steve like an attentive hen, hovering around him at arm’s length already.
Steve and Tony could still be seen through the window panels, but at least there they could speak unheard. In the cramped legroom, Steve kneeled down at Tony’s feet. He got his arms around Tony’s body, and Tony bent to cradle as much of Steve as he could, desperate to hide his face against his husband’s neck for comfort.
lives.”
“Presumptuous, Steve… what makes you think I’m interested?”
was the futurist people counted on to produce perfection. But with Steve it was so easy to just let go.
“Darling, I’m sure they’re the best quality,” Tony said in a patient voice that made it clear he was trying pretty hard not to laugh. “But designer gloves aren’t made for working barbed wire fences. Now, keep this on, would you?” he added, dropping a wide-brim cattleman hat on Steve’s head.
“Al and Pedro said something about hogs out east again,” Clint said simply while he double checked his rifle and gear a last time. “They’re getting too close to the cattle, and dad wants me to check it out.”
“Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” Bruce said before Fury’s glare turned into an unsanctioned shouting match. “How was the fiendish lunatic Brock Rumlow apprehended back in the 21st?”
“Captain Steve Rogers, if you could only feel how my heart beats for you. You fill me with joy-joy feelings the way you do battle with that quarrelsome Scrap! You are more fearsome and mighty than on laserdisc—”
can look the part,” Thor insisted, clearly offended. “Therapists can be tall and sexy, with fire in their loins!”
So Tony stayed with him. He shared Steve’s bed and held him through the night, comforting him to sleep and reminding Steve that he wasn’t alone each time he jolted awake.
how can you describe that ass besides peak perfection???
“So you make me feel like shit instead?”
Rather than harboring any shame or irritation, Steve only seemed pleased with the diagnosis, and Tony couldn’t bring himself to disagree.
“And they’re the best fucking rat burgers I’ve ever had, Steve,” Bucky promised with a cheeky grin, and to Tony’s horror, Steve only laughed back.
But something about Bond’s unexpectedly gentle approach, the soft, loving words he kissed into his lover’s body, and his deep, husky groans made it so easy - so
Without thinking, Tony took a small step back so he could look at the idiot he was clearly going to marry. “Did Peggy tell you that you were out of your mind?”
“Please, please have a seat,” Steve asked him as soon as they walked into his flat. He took the small duffle Tony had carried up the stairs for him and gestured at the sitting room. “Don’t go anywhere.”
“Steve, you can do so much better—”
It wasn’t long before Tony learned that rocking his hips to meet Steve’s thrusts back wasn’t as effective as the clutch of his body. So, he waited. He relaxed as Steve pushed into him, eager to feel every glorious inch of him, but when Steve tried to pull out, Tony squeezed around the full length of his cock, boasting a lifetime of core strength and balance honed in the saddle. Steve gasped audibly and his hips stuttered forward; a guttural moan escaped Tony, and he relaxed again to receive him. The next time Steve tried to pull out, Tony squeezed down with enough strength that Steve’s grip of his leg went slack.
“Well, it is about me and it seems like I’m the last one to know about it…”
“Mr. Stark! When will we meet Mr. Right?”
“Then I suggest you reconsider your priorities, kid,” Howard told him quietly, and pulled the car into park in the middle of a dark pasture. “You hurt my son, and you can kiss your apartments, your condos, and your beachfront California shithouse goodbye. That is a promise. Have I made myself clear?”
In all their years, Tony had been the only source for the scant information published about them and about Steve himself. He’d gone out of his way to keep the vultures away from Steve, to silence everyone either with kindness or NDA’s. Somehow he had pulled it off: five years together and they were so low-key and their defenses were so strong that Steve avoided global household infamy as Tony Stark’s gay lover.
Tony was only getting into the meat of the issue when he had to pull away. Whether Steve was particularly responsive to having his ass touched, responding to the release of tension in his body, or enjoying a wet dream, he had started rolling his hips against the mattress, hungry for more friction. But he and Tony hadn’t had that talk yet, and Tony wasn’t crossing that line without explicit consent.
true, and why would Tony doubt him, but then Tony looked him in the eyes again and derailed Steve’s defensive rant in one breath.
“Sure,” Steve said as he pulled his jacket on, a little distracted. “And you’ll let us know the minute you find anything?”
“Tell me,” he urged in a whisper, pressing a gentle kiss to the back of Steve’s neck.
Steve couldn’t breathe. Steve couldn’t move, he couldn’t blink, he couldn’t speak.
“You like that name, huh?” Steve asked rhetorically, snickering quietly to himself. Tony’s bright laughter filled the house with a contagious buoyancy that Steve could feel in his heart and in his soul. He couldn’t stop smiling, happy for no other reason than that Tony was happy.
It was eight o’clock on a Thursday night when Q sent the daytime crew home.
With a huff of frustration and a few choice words, Tony snatched up the water bottle and sauntered out of his own office. His private elevator took him all the way down to the lobby, and he stepped out into the lobby that he had had a big hand in designing for his tower. The tower was his baby, and he preened a little every time he saw people hanging out in the seating areas by the small cafe, the little alcove for puppy therapy, and the little indoor garden surrounded by tall windows where visitors with children would often spend some time feeding turtles or counting fish.
“What?” he blurted out before he could truly appreciate what Tony had confessed. “I thought you liked Batman.”
“Maybe sleep would help?” Steve asked without a hint of irony, and again, Tony nodded. “Okay, good, that’s good. I’ll help you lock up, sweetheart. Let’s get you home.”
“What? He chose them already?”
Sharon was anything but impressed. “You made it my business, boss, remember?” she reminded him in a rather tired tone, then took a breath to steady herself and try again. “We’re not aiming for 9s and 10s. 9s and 10s can get anyone they want, they’re not going to be so spellbound they’ll fall in love with you and agree to marry you! But we can’t go too low either, or they’ll be too suspicious; you’re a decent 8, and you wouldn’t waste your time with a 3 or a 4.”
When they parted for breath, Steve could still feel Tony mouth against his, his lips curled up in a smile.
,” Steve whimpered breathlessly, but on the next heaving breath he collapsed into Bucky’s arms and sobbed into his shoulder. “Buck, you—they told me—you’re, you’re alive—”
“What if I want some endorphins now?” he asked, lowering his voice and arching his back just enough to press into Steve’s waiting palms. “Could I take you in bed instead?”
Tony’s laptop was sleek and unlike anything Steve had ever seen. The first hint of a red flag was waving somewhere in his gut. “Nice computer,” he noted casually. “Where’d you get it?”
“Yeah, but—isn’t that the main issue between couples?” Bruce tried, “intimacy disconnect, or something?”
” Steve growled and stalked away to pace in agitation like a caged predator. Violence would solve nothing now, but oh, how he wished it would. And still his body ached; he had been up for too long, given himself too little time to recover, and he couldn’t remember the last square meal he’d had.
Steve stared at him, wondering if Tony heard his own words anymore.
Bucky let himself be manhandled as Steve scrambled to hide behind him. “But didn’t you say he’d be in Harlem today?” he asked quietly, watching Tony turn a corner in their very own Brooklyn.
“Mango!” Tony and Steve cheered in unison, and Tony reached for the dog with eager excitement. Mango spent the first handful of seconds nuzzling and licking Tony’s face and neck all over before he seemed to realize there were other puppies on the couch next to them, and he squirreled his way right out of Tony’s arms to leap into Fran and Star-Lord’s intense wrestling game.
“Our society is beyond cash, Captain,” one of the gold class lieutenants seated at the table replied with a smug twist of her lips. “Credits are passed using codes, which by the brilliant Governor Alexander G. Pierce’s ingenious design cannot be stolen.”
tell Tony,” Clint insisted in a raised voice. “Like, right now.”
“She didn’t have to. I heard enough from her conversation with you the other night,” Tony growled with a new gust of rage. “How Women are so much better than men; what good would a man be, when one could choose a Woman?”
This time, Bucky’s gruff look ebbed into a more genuine surprise. He took a seat on the steps next to Steve, and in clear contrast to the exaggerated front he’d put on seconds ago, he now spoke quietly and with care. “Steve, that's a big step. If this is another Sharon...”
Steve didn’t even have to think twice. “
Steve wished the floor would open up and swallow him whole, send him down the express lane to hell. He needed to have a talk with Tony, and it needed to happen sooner rather than later.
“Shouldn’t Q be doing this?” Tony finally asked Bucky. “Half this shit is classified, it’s clearly above my paygrade. What bullshit did Bond do that Q won’t work with him?”
“You’re giving Steve a run for his money with that tush, but we’d never know from the movies. An absolute disservice, we barely get any glimpses of it in the trailer at all.”
“Breathe,” Tony repeated softly, and Steve cried out when he first felt slow, pulsing vibrations against his prostate. “Breathe, darling,” Tony said again, and if Steve had had two brain cells left to rub together, he’d tell Tony to stay in his lane and worry about his own damn breathing.
Tony smiled back, warm and genuine. And then, he started grinning and shaking his head, as if confounded by some thought. By the time the car arrived, Tony had turned from Steve and was giggling to himself with his hands over his face.
Tony held up its glass container so Orfeo could drop it in, then he placed it on the bedside table provided for each patient.
The tense lines of Steve’s expression softened with Tony’s admission. It was the closest he had come to telling Steve how badly he loved him in return, and Tony felt himself grow giddy at how easily Steve understood him.
Between the pain, his difficulty breathing, the chaos milling around him, and the crippling fear of what 006 could do to Steve, Tony spiraled. Had Steve been real? After four years, was Bond the man or the persona? One lived to serve, to kill, while the other craved love and connection. If he dared be selfish, too, Tony knew whom he would choose, and he’d be damned before he let Steve Rogers fade away without a fight.
But, as he experimentally shifted his hips, some things didn’t add up. Tony’s cock was bigger than this—Steve had expected his cock to feel much thicker, and certainly longer.
Tony stared at Clint. He couldn’t move.
“What is it?” Tony asked, nipping this uncomfortable, shitty feeling in the bud. “Go home, Steve. You’ve been at this all day. I’m fine, I had a late start.”
“Oh, and if you can get one of Stromwell’s quotes right, that’s almost as important as acing the midterm. But you didn’t hear it from me,” she whispered with a sly smile and a playful wink.
She stopped barking, but Tony didn’t hear her coming to him. He was truly alone.
“I’m afraid I was held up and fell out of an airplane without a parachute,” Steve murmured softly, “Sharon, you know I’ll never stray. And how beautiful you are today, a feast for my eyes.”
“You gotta give me a key, man,” Tony scolded him quietly, and Steve couldn’t help but smile. For an actor, Tony was shit at hiding his emotions. “I will personally break into your apartment and murder you in your sleep tonight if you broke something.”
Tony slowed to a halt, clapping his hands for his weasley little troll. “Marple! Here girl,” he called, stern enough that she almost obeyed without thinking. But instead of coming to him she laid down on the trail, protecting her toy.
“Wow, look at you,” Tony drawled in sarcastic praise. “James Bond, interior designer.”
Tony opened and closed his mouth, pursing his lips a little as he thought. Then, with a curious kind of hope, he tried, “Sparky?”
“They tried many things, Lieutenant Bruce Banner,” he said as calmly as he could. “Nationwide video reels advertising rewards for his arrest. Satellite surveillance. Twelve-state manhunt. None of them worked. In the end, it was Captain America who personally brought him to justice.”
“Us.”
A morality box attached to the CompuKiosk buzzed overhead and printed a thin sheaf of paper for Rumlow’s reference. “Mister Brock Rumlow, you are fined five credits for a violation of verbal morality statute 1-1-3.”
“You say that like there was a plan in place! I didn’t know what this was until last Thursday, and Steve’s barely let me come up for air since.”
Maria laughed, and took a sharp turn from one road to the next. When Steve recognized the distant outline of the ranch house, he closed his eyes and thanked his lucky stars. Maybe he’d survive this car ride after all.
The guilt of bringing Tony to tears threatened to choke him, and Steve scrubbed a hand over his cheeks to wipe his own tears away. It hurt to watch, but he couldn’t bring himself to stop. Why had they filmed this? Why had they thought it would help? He missed Tony terribly, but it hurt now to see how loosely his clothes fit and how his strong fingers trembled.
Somehow, the realization that Tony might have job opportunities outside of the city rattled him more than Bucky’s earlier allegations ever could have. It had simply never occurred to him before. Tony wasn’t the kind of man to cheat on him, Steve had no doubt, but much like his ex, Tony
,” Brock cut in to interrupt Steve’s muffin introduction impatiently. “What are you doing here?”
“Here, mine are ready,” Bucky said and held out his plate of dough dots, to which Natasha added hers. Lila went around to help Tony with his remaining half, and soon the three of them started a new plate with more struffoli.
“Well, Seamus,” Tony told the dog and opened to a random page, “let me tell you about one of the most badass women in our country. So, six weeks after the Struck case hit a wall, the Supreme Court handed down its twin decisions in
And honest. The steward should never lie for his or her own comfort. Without honesty, they could not teach, only obfuscate.
Tony helped Steve into the flatbed of the truck, and pulled together some of the horse blankets so that Steve could at least be comfortable even with his scratched up hands.
“Wait for me,” Steve snarled into the radio. “He’s mine.”
“This is good,” Steve simply said, rubbing slow, gentle circles over Tony’s back as he held him close and pressed a kiss into his hair. Besides their nudity, they hadn’t started anything approaching sex yet, but somehow Tony needed and greedily indulged in Steve’s comfort.
Steve shut the empty freezer to face Tony. In his kitchen. He hadn’t heard Tony walk in.
“Hardly five and a half,” Tony felt the need to add, but Steve gave him a flat look that told him just how irrelevant such a detail was.
As if on cue, a valet hurried up to the passenger side and opened the door for Steve. Steve rolled his eyes at himself, and with a final shake to get his act together, he thanked Jane again for her help and stepped out of the car.
When Tony rebuilt the tower after the Battle of New York, he gave each Avenger their own floor. As more heroes joined the team in the years that followed, Tony threw himself into the challenge of expanding the private apartments and the common areas with gusto. Or he had, until he realized Bucky felt alone and uncomfortable in this new world, Pietro and Wanda didn’t like being apart, and Vision didn’t seek worldly possessions.
“Why, if it isn’t James Bond.”
His new friend looked up at him with an expression that clearly had no patience for bullshit. “Listen, if a guy like you can’t save your relationship, there ain’t hope for us mere mortals. And if you’re sure this isn’t some homophobic shit,” he clarified emphatically, “what are you waiting for? Steal that bitch back.”
“Is that him?”
Steve knew he could have kept his mouth shut, but something was bugging him about the earlier statement Hawley made. There had to be a difference between the rights given to a one-time donor versus a man who clearly used the practice as a source of pocket money. He raised his hand just as one of the lecture doors opened and his redheaded friend stepped in to wait in the sidelines.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but 9s and 10s,” he told her, not without pride.
“She will follow us from a distance,” Stephanie said quietly. “The only thing our legends have in common is compassion and love. We cannot frighten the tribes to do as we ask.”
“She’s just tired,” Steve told Tony quietly, gently patting Arlene’s back to try to comfort her before her sniffles turned to heartfelt crying.
Steve’s classes started at 8:15, and he liked to be there by 7:30 to get ready for the day. He liked going on a short run in the morning, he liked his lukewarm shower, and he liked getting dressed while enjoying the smell of brewing coffee filtering through his apartment.
sabotaged them every year; Tony never asked to confirm, but it didn’t matter. Now he looked forward to his annual tumble into his husband’s embrace.
Tony glanced away from the menu to watch Steve. Tony had picked the restaurant, something well recommended that they could enjoy in town before taking a cab to the hotel. The restaurant staff had been kind enough to open the French doors to the balcony on the second floor so Tony and Steve could have a clear view of the river and the town without sitting on the patio. Although foot traffic along the patio was minimal, Tony would rather pay to avoid sitting where anyone could walk up to them or take their picture.
After all, they weren’t the only ones with their biases. New York had felt just as much like home when he was a poor rugrat raised by a single mom in the projects as when he was a highly-sought, highly-paid model. By contrast, the narrow streets and colonial red-brick houses coded Cambridge as a conservative, preppy, and exclusive space made Steve feel like an outsider. But like his mom had always showed him, he made an effort to see the intimidating crowd for the individuals and people they were. As he strolled through campus on his way to his new home in Hastings Hall, he noticed them - the group of three students huddled together around a bench table in animated conversation; the co-eds playing frisbee tag on the green; the young woman pulling a roller case behind her while mouthing along to some fierce music in her headphones.
He felt Tony’s chuckle against his chest as he faded into a deep, restful sleep.
Steve still hadn’t replied to his earlier message, so once he’d scrolled through the paused video and taken a screencap in a position that he liked, he decided to keep the photo for later. It was Steve’s turn to stew. Tony was passing up a quick shower to take a bath instead, and if that meant that Steve’s replies would go unanswered for the next hour or so, then so be it.
Steve still hadn’t replied.
And Brock had been there; he was in that room, he would have seen everything. He would have seen Steve admit that he’d been unaware of the homework, he’d have heard that rotten woman support his ejection from the room. Most of those people were absolute strangers whom he’d barely see again, but Brock - Brock was the whole reason he was here; he was here to impress what a serious and worthwhile man he could be.
The soft whimpers and gusting moans quickly became louder and more frequent. Steve recognized the sound of Tony’s approaching his orgasm, and like a well-conditioned partner, his body responded instinctively. He swept his big palms up to Tony’s hips and all but lifted him off his feet until Tony was arching his back on tip-toe. In his new position, every thrust of Steve’s cock grazed Tony’s prostate, and Tony’s eyes rolled back as the heady, intoxicating combination of Steve’s punishing, powerful thrusts and the electric waves of pleasure flooded his senses.
Without looking away from him, Steve took a long, steadying breath. Now or never.
“Steve, Channing Tatum wants to say hi.”
Despite himself, Tony smiled a little at Steve’s question. “No,” Tony confirmed, smug in his spot of validation. “Their imagination is limited by how much they can destroy using science.”
Steve stepped out first, grabbing a towel off the rack for Tony, then for himself. But while Steve scrubbed and dried himself off, Tony made a beeline for the ring boxes.
“Tony, I wouldn’t have run out last night if I had a choice, but I get it: after this I’ll be out of your life forever if that’s what you want. Just two minutes Tony, please. I’m scared,” Steve whispered with greater sincerity than he’d expected of himself. “How serious is a threat like that?”
Steve sighed and didn’t even bother taking off his sopping wet coat. He frowned at Bucky in a silent
“Assuming I don’t fail anything this semester,” Steve hedged, careful not to jinx himself. “Mom is only thirty minutes from the clinic. She offered to cosign a lease with me, did I tell you? Maybe I’ll do that later. It just feels like a lot to figure out at the same time. Maybe I can have some savings in my pocket, find a better place to stay.”
“Better?” he whispered against the shell of Tony’s ear. His warm breath gusted over the sensitive skin of his neck, sending shivers down Tony’s spine. Tony had barely nodded in agreement before Steve pushed Tony’s top leg forward to spread his thighs and expose the cleft of his ass.
What was he trying to say again? Tony pulled away from Steve’s consuming kiss, panting softly against Steve’s jaw as he tried to get his thoughts straight. “Babe, I got you something…”
But Steve had been firmly stuck on second base these past three months. It was enough to drive a man crazy.
“You want me, don’t you?” Steve wondered rhetorically, watching Tony like he wanted nothing more than to claim him for himself. “Roll over baby, let me taste you.”
“I bet if we tried really hard we could find a villain or some senators who haven’t guessed it yet,” Steve heard himself grumble. “They’re not always so quick on the up-take.”
Affection soon replaced guilt, and Tony’s heart lifted when Marple’s ears perked up again. She turned shamelessly into the firm, indulging pats, then dropped and rolled to her back so she could throw her paws in the air for belly rubs.
“Mr. Tony, are you coming with us to the zoo?”
“So, what you’re saying is that your investigation is in a lot of trouble,” Tony replied with an unimpressed huff, looking both shaken and newly irritated. “I’ve been in Vancouver for the past five weeks, I just got into town this morning. If I’m the best you’ve got right now—”
None of this was new to Tony—hell, it was probably normal. But he didn’t rush Steve or suggest they move on. Instead, he waited patiently, leaning against Steve’s side, still hand in hand, while they both watched the woman stay in her seat for a ten to fifteen seconds before being tossed from the saddle.
But like the selfish dick he was, Tony closed his fist around Steve’s dog tags. Nobody would take them from him.
“Mine,” Steve grunted against Tony’s smirking lips, grinding his hips against Tony’s ass hard enough to bruise. “Only
“After hospitals and rails the priority must be mental health services,” Steve reminded him gently. “All Terrini men and women over the age of five are dealing with trauma from the war, and few have the resources or time to seek help. Some may not even recognize their need.”
“My plate is full this week and this weekend,” Steve replied in a soft apology. “I have a presentation next Monday. Can I take you to dinner that night? Or, well. Uh. Any day next week.”
“Steve Rogers, you look better than I could have conceived,” he murmured in praise.
Over the warm folds of the towel wrapped around his face, Steve narrowed his eyes at her. He couldn’t reply without disrupting the barber’s work.
“I didn’t order this,” he started to explain to the attendant when he actually noticed the well-dressed man behind the tray.
“Dum-E can make smoothies, too,” Tony said even though Steve already knew everything about Dum-E. He could be cool and nonchalant about most things, but he not when people praised his little learner-bot.
“Thought you’d like that,” Steve murmured, and Tony watched him with a hesitant, but amazed wonder. “Our hormones aren’t as effective for you as yours are to us,” he explained, although, since it probably made no sense to Tony at this point, so he tried to simplify it further. “We’ve come to understand our effect on your species is emotional, not physical. In my case, contentment.”
“Evacuate the chopper!” he bellowed at the pilot and gunman. They scrambled to obey, and Bucky hauled the door open so that Steve could climb back onboard with Tony. He circled the chopper and made sure all doors and windows were shut before establishing a loose perimeter to give them some privacy.
As if the snow wasn’t bad enough, the wind chill was downright malicious. Fucking Boston. Five seconds outdoors was five seconds too long, but there was nothing for it: Tony had to get from the cab to the apartment somehow.
“How should I know? Don’t stare, you’re being a creep,” Bucky snickered quietly and kept walking. There was no point waiting, Steve would catch up eventually. Sometimes he just needed a few seconds to recuperate. If you could count on anything these days, it would be gravity, and the way Steve reacted to a nice rear.
Kissing Steve was one of the best ways to spend his time, but in that moment, Tony wanted more. Steve, tall, blond, gorgeous Steve was ready to give Tony anything he wanted. Steve’s kisses were to die for, but watching friends and strangers alike ogling his man, from his thick biceps, to his broad shoulders and muscular back. When he didn’t move, Steve could have passed for an average man with impressive proportions, but the minute he picked up a bottle of wine to pour a glass, or helped reach for someone’s purse that was just out of reach, the gloriously sculpted cords of muscle came into hypnotizing relief.
A soreness in Steve’s lower back and thighs reminded him of the night before, but Steve shook the memories away as he tried to take stock of where they were. The more he looked around, the less it seemed to be a hotel room. Instead, it looked like some tidy and impersonal space taken out of a magazine - tastefully decorated, but without personal touches or colorful mementos. Given how Bucky and Tony both lived in Los Angeles, Steve assumed it was Tony’s bedroom in a furnished rental.
The intrusion was strange, but Steve only sucked in a breath in surprise; he’d been so distracted and so eager that it all happened without discomfort. Tony closed his free hand loosely around the base of Steve’s heavy cock, rewarding him with two to three slow, light strokes while working his lubed finger in and out of Steve’s ass, spreading the excessive lube around. He was taking his time, thoroughly working Steve over, until even Steve wanted to cry for him to hurry up. With the little brain power he had left, Steve was plotting different ways to demand more when Tony added a second finger, turning and twisting his fingers inside him.
“Guess we gotta work on that bucket list sooner than we thought, Steve,” Bucky announced, easy as can be and already heading back for his peanut M&M ice cream soup. “Is retirement age still 65?”
“Sure you could!” Bruce exclaimed, “it’s happened to me. Twice!”
“Of course she is! The curse is being broken today,” Tony glowered, gesturing in the general direction of the main homestead of Chief Talia’s tribe. “She’s binding herself to a Chief of her kin. She’ll give her a child.”
Hawley considered Brock’s argument and turned it back on him. “Swinney was a one-time sperm donor, and in our case, the defendant was a habitual sperm donor, who also happens to be harassing the parents in his quest for visitation.”
“Oh my god,” Bruce whispered, and couldn’t resist glancing their way again. “You—you turned that down?”
Steve glared at his friend who was clearly less subtle than a freight train. “They’re basic white dinner rolls, Buck,” Steve said through a smile of gritted teeth.
Tony frowned at the traitorous white shirt in his hands. He’d only wanted to get one kiss—one simple kiss—while Steve tried it on earlier in the week, and the damn thing had the audacity to
Tony quickly held up one finger to ask Bruce for some time, and returned to his call. “Be well, happy Warden Harold Hogan. As my Monday duty log irrationally requires it, I am hereby querying you on the prison population update. Does the tedium continue?”
“Tony, you’re going to give him so many nightmares, what were you thinking!” Steve managed through his laughter. “That’s terrible, that’s a really graphic show! That poor kid.”
“No male doctors or nurses?” Steve pressed. “This is for the case, Tony, nothing else.”
“Coke, no ice,” Steve replied with a smile that was all teeth.
The miserable butt plug fell to the ground. Marple dutifully picked it up, and without acknowledging it, Mr. Perfect helped Tony balance so he could take it and stuff it into his pocket where no-one else had to see it again.
Steve made it to court in time to get a seat in the front directly behind Bucky and Tony. Not that there was much competition for seats on their side. Hansen’s side of the courtroom, however, was teaming with family members and friends, people who’d come to support her and make the appropriate noises of support as needed.
Around them, officers and staff gasped in shock and revulsion. Jane had frozen at the first touch of Steve’s skin, and she stood imobile, staring at her sullied hand in horror.
(He never told his ma, and he also never travelled without it.)
“Just sent in the official yes today. It will bump up right against press for
“Marple! What are you doing? Is that—that’s not your ball,” he finally realized, walking to her while raking his mind for anything in the house that was turquoise blue. Her balls were purple and orange, and Tony always favored red and gold for himself, so what could she possibly have found—
He rolled over and grabbed his phone to give Tony a call, only to realize he’d woken up so late that Tony would already be at work. And, to his surprise, there was a new video waiting for him. This one was from Tony, and judging by the angle of the initial image, Tony had taken it himself at their private dining room.
“I’ll, um. I’ll go help,” Steve said and followed on Laura’s heels, while Tony all but tripped his chair over in his rush to follow Steve to safety.
Steve skimmed his clean hand up and down Tony’s flank to soothe him, rubbing the heel of his palm over Tony’s nipple, then pinching and rolling it between his thumb and forefinger until Tony arched up and mewled. Tony clutched at Steve’s hair, lightly tugging as he moaned and garbled demands for Steve to hurry it up, to touch him, because he needed more—but his words died with a sudden hiss as Steve dug his fingertips into the firm muscle of Tony’s chest and scraped five faint, red lines across his chest and abdomen.
Steve’s excitement fizzled out with a twist of bitter disgust. “Oh. I forgot about that dick.”
“Steve is fine,” Steve interjected with a grunt of irritation.
He had so much to do! He needed clothes appropriate for a law firm, shoes—a briefcase! But most of all, he needed to call his ma and share the good news. They talked the whole drive out to the Beauty Oasis, where he talked Sam into leaving the shop for a few hours in Erin and Paulette’s capable hands to join him for his first serious law student shopping excursion.
For one delirious moment, Tony was convinced Steve’s cock pushed up against his diaphragm to leave him breathless. Steve release his bruising grip of Tony’s hip to reach around and jerk Tony off. The first stroke of his strong fist had Tony’s eyes rolling back in his head, and Steve stuffed four fingers into Tony’s mouth to gag and distract him from shouting. Tony gurgled around Steve’s thick fingers, drooling and trying to express to Steve this mad wave of pleasure overwhelming him when his orgasm took him.
Tony blinked after him while Steve slid down Tony’s body. “It’s your turn?” Tony echoed, his breath catching his throat as he watched Steve kiss his way down Tony’s abdomen, raising goosebumps with his teeth.
Steve squeezed Tony’s fingers to get his attention, and when that didn’t work, he scraped his teeth over the back of Tony’s hand. That finally distracted Tony from his rambling and brought his attention back to Steve.
“Couldn’t you ask him more difficult questions?” Tony said with a pout, nuzzling at Star-Lord even as he reached out to rub Violet’s soft ears.
“Not for everyone, Stark. For you,” Bucky reminded him, firmly but not unkindly. “For sheep who obey Pierce’s fucked up rules. We’ve got none of the shit you just said, mother’s die, children starve, but they starve with the rest of us, and they get to be themselves.”
“Captain Steve, such informality is frowned upon outside of familial or romantic bonds,” Tony explained as calmly as he could. “There are no loopholes to polite society. We do not call each other dude, or bro, or man, or mate, in the case of Anglican English. Professional address must include appropriate title, first name, middle initial, last name. In non-professional settings, or interactions between friends, one may shorten this address by excluding the middle initial at first, then continuing only with first name and last name.”
Pepper could not explain Steve’s unusual request, so Tony had no context for their meeting until the time that he sat down at the table across from Steve and saw it writ on his face, clear as day.
“What about their conversations?” Bucky reminded him, and Steve sat up a little straighter, as if Bucky’s question sparked an idea for him.
“What? Why?” he asked, his tone teetering between anger and fear. “Because I was angry?”
“What, seriously?” Steve shot back from the door, closing it in front of him. “You’d let me sacrifice my future for a story?”
“Do you dream of me, James?” she purred, eyeing him with wanton interest. “Or am I just another woman destined to repent in your arms?”
Tony’s face broke into a wide grin, and he glanced Steve’s way with a warm affection. “Someday, yeah,” he admitted, still smiling. “Goats optional.”
“Right, thank you,” Steve said as he recovered. The second year was too busy checking Steve’s name off on a list to acknowledge him further, so Steve cleared his throat and asked, “Has Brock Rumlow checked in yet?”
“You look great,” he assured Steve before his argumentative side started complaining. “Your job is to keep time, and make sure I don’t forget water, alright? Every thirty minutes or so, water. Got your phone?”
The little throbbing in his temples threatened to grow into a serious headache, but despite his best intentions, Rhodey turned to see what Tony was pointing at. There, on a wig stand on his desk, was the uncomfortably realistic skin of another man’s face. It had no eyes and no lips, only holes where those would be expected. The skin tone was similar to Tony’s own face, but it bore no other resemblance to him.
Until the file of tests and evidence proved him wrong.
There was an answering sigh over the phone. “I hate it when he does that.”
Steve arched a brow and pursed his lips. “Tell me, has that mouth of yours ever gotten you into trouble, Tony?”
“If you don’t want to be here, get out of the line, asshole,” the stranger waiting behind them said, loud and irritated. She was short, curvy, and beautiful, and Bucky had no comeback.
Steve frowned. “Unless it’s fixing a fence?”
“There isn’t a negotiation dad can’t win,” Clint explained, looking more sincere than boastful, then slanted a long-suffering look Tony’s way. “And you...”
Steve leaned back for a moment to spread what was left of the lube packet over his cock, line up, and in one, quick thrust, buried himself to the hilt in Tony’s body. Cesar may have been substantially bigger than Steve’s cock, but nothing compared to the brutal, greedy power Steve exuded every time he buried his cock deep in Tony. Tony rose to his tip-toes from the force of Steve’s hips, and he held on to the shelf for dear life as Steve took possession of his body again, claiming him again and again with every thrust.
The skeptical Lieutenant frowned at Tony’s reported solution. “Captain America is fairytale hokum told to fearful children and wayward adolescents.”
Tony’s look of embarrassment turned into confusion. “What are the Fast and the Furious?” he asked after a beat. “Is it an archival film about speeding? I have yet to find such research on your time, but our historical directories attribute many tragic events to the combined behaviors of drinking and driving, texting and driving, and screening and driving.”
Tony blinked up at him. He wasn’t even sure Steve was aware he’d answered a question. “Who?”
Steve grinned down at him, and cupped his face gently before kissing him chastely on the lips. Even without the taste of his tongue or the undeniable effect of his saliva, Steve caught just enough of his aphrodisiac from his smiling lips to feel a physical reaction.
“I know you,” Carol corrected him, albeit in a more gentle tone of voice. “You were the idiot applauding and wolf whistling every time James answered a question in debate.”
“I apologize for the inadequacy of your seat, Captain Steve,” he said sincerely. “Guidelines for officer body types, fitness levels, as well as socially desired aesthetic values have changed since your time. Moderation is impressed upon us in every aspect of our lives. There is no excuse, however, for your discomfort, and I assure you that I will requisition for a large conveyance within tick tocks of our arrival in NYPD headquarters.”
He released the bunched up fabric of his top and, while watching himself in the mirror through his camera phone, he palmed and squeezed his cock through his leggings. It wasn’t important to get himself off, but
, when it upheld a ban on federal funding for abortion. The burden of ‘privacy’ fell on poor women’s shoulders.”
“It’s—I know how it sounds, I know,” Steve promised, casting around for ways to explain away the blunder. “I am so sorry, I’ll have her fired if that’s what yo—“
“You said this was going to be different,” Steve reminded him, brushing some hair out of Tony’s eyes before leaning in for a slow, chaste kiss. “Tell me more,” he murmured between kisses.
“He can thaw as many assholes as he likes?” Bucky asked incredulously, and as Tony looked around them again, he realized only Scraps were now standing. These tired, starving Scraps had somehow won. Tony’s scalp still ached from where his hair had been pulled, but it was worth it.
Tony didn’t look surprised or confused; he laughed instead, taking Steve’s take-away from him to go put it in the kitchen. “Of all the ways I thought you’d get me into your bed…”
“I never meant for it to be this way,” Tony promised, even pulling his hands back to firmly plant them on his knees before he made a grab for him. “I swear, it was—it was meant to be quick, two dates, maybe three; it wasn’t supposed to be—”
“How come you did not wish for her to visit?” Tony wondered. Orfeo shrugged uncomfortably and looked down at his hands in his lap, color rising in his cheeks and up his neck.
Clint laughed as if the question had been absurd, and picked up three eggs in each hand. “We eat in this house,” he said with a big grin, then with a glance back at his brother, he added, “Just cause Tony’s too skinny to cast a shadow—”
. “There’s a man I work with, Bond. Tell him, he’ll stop her, he has to, for you he has to—”
Just because it wasn’t above board didn’t mean it wouldn’t work. People did worse for less.
A fuzzy-looking second year eyed him skeptically, then without so much as acknowledging Steve’s words, he shoved a big glossy packet at him. “Class schedule, map, book list.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Tony glowered with an anger that was felt more serious than this conversation warranted. Distantly Steve remembered something about debutants and children, but he was too irritated to make a meaningful connection.
“We already ate dinner, but thank you, Steve. Go wash up and make a plate before I pack it away, food’s still on the table.”
Clint stared at his dad as if he couldn’t quite believe his ears, and Maria whispered across the table in warning, but Howard seemed apathetic to their scrutiny.
“I mean it,” Steve said in a flinty tone that brooked no argument. “Stay sharp. See you tomorrow.”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing!” Tony demanded to know. “Where have you been? You’ll give people heart attacks—”
“Pretty sure we could retire whenever we wanted to,” Steve reasoned as he followed Bucky back to the couches.
“Stevie, sugar, forgive me,” Tony pouted the minute Steve opened the door.
Having said what he needed to say, Steve gave Sharon a look; she hurried to open the door for him and followed him out at once.
“Tony?” he called softly before that venomous thought woke his ugly jealousy. “You still with me, partner?”
Without so much as a pause or foreplay, Steve sucked the head of Tony’s cock into his mouth, pushed forward, and didn’t stop until his nose pressed against Tony’s pelvis. Tony nearly choked on Steve’s name as he cried out in his surprise, his body arching off the mattress and clapping his thighs together around Steve’s head in an instinctive reflex. Rather than pry Tony’s legs apart from the grip he had around Steve’s head, Steve scraped his nails down the side of Tony’s thighs. The sensation sent shivers of pleasure down Tony’s spine, and he groaned his pleasure between attempts to catch his breath.
He hadn’t been there to see his plan carried out, but he had been right.
“And pastrami,” Bucky intoned, clearly not about to let the food portion of their tradition go forgotten. “I saved my cheat day for this. What’s so important you have to cancel?”
Christopher Walken? Creepy, right? But it’s kinda sweet, he fell in love with Elvis’s style, and he hasn’t changed it since. Weird, huh? But that kind of commitment to anything, who has that anymore? I change my hair every six or seven months; short, or cut it to grow long… fashion, you know.”
Steve closed his mouth and swallowed with care. “What’s that, a manatee?”
Steve moaned softly at the squeeze, and again at the question, kissing Tony’s smiling lips and trailing a reverent trail of wet love bites down chin and his throat. “Anything you want,” he murmured quietly, between the kisses.
Steve gravitated towards him and cupped Tony’s face in his hands, kissing him breathless. Tony moaned shamelessly with delight, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck to draw himself flush against Steve’s body as he eagerly, greedily, returned the kiss.
“Give yourself thirty percent,” Steve said offhandedly as he pulled the boots on, far more concerned with how they would look with his jeans than the cost. “Do… do the jeans go inside or over?”
“Mr. Rogers, I believe you have just won your case,” she said with a pleased tone. “Class dismissed.”
“He knows, and he doesn’t like it,” James said with the patience of a man who had clearly been through the ringer a few times. “Later, he told me his mom had taken him on a tour of the company where he met and talked with other scientists, and later explained to him that all those scientists Tony liked would lose their jobs if investors left. It wasn’t their fault investors were racist, it was just a fact. He was sixteen. He didn’t talk to me for weeks, until he got back to MIT.”
“Rhodey!” he called across the bar, waving his hat in the air to grab his friend’s attention. “One more, for luck!”
“I didn’t know,” Steve tried to explain, but he couldn’t find the words.
Slowly, by some unnamed power, Steve walked into the kitchen and took a seat on a stool at the counter where Tony was working. He didn’t say anything, but Tony grabbed a second plate and filled it halfway with the veggies before placing it in front of Steve. He stuck a spoon into the mac and cheese and pushed it closer to Steve, too.
Without ever knowing her, Tony inherited much from his mother. He inherited her eyes, her reserve. He inherited the many gifts she made for him during her pregnancy, and the countless letters she wrote to him sharing her everyday thoughts and her wish to finally meet him. She wanted most desperately to see the man he would grow to be. The letters she wrote to him were the only glimpse Tony had of the woman his mother had been, of the dreams she had for herself and for him.
“He has a multinational company worth billions, he’ll be able to hide the paper trail if he wants to,” Sharon chimed in. Steve wasn’t sure if she was bringing up a counterpoint to mess with him, or if she simply had better insight from her own background as a wealthy, upper-class woman.
“Is this your way of asking me to let him win the next game, my love?” he teased Steve with a practiced smile.
It was Tony calling. In a rush, Steve swept his thumb over the screen to connect the call.
“Then let’s make one up. I trust you, Tony. I have from the start,” Steve reminded him with a meaningful look. “You already have your willing sacrifice, isn’t that half the battle?”
It wasn’t long before the door swung open and Tony stared back at him in surprise. He was dressed as casually as before, barefoot and comfortable, and armed with a gleaming kitchen knife. “Steve? What’s - are you alright? Is this about Kline?”
“Look, they couldn’t afford the backlash—”
It was pouring rain outside, and it took Steve all of two seconds of staring at his drenched boyfriend to hustle him into the apartment.
“The whole farm? That’s big talk out of you, Rogers,” Tony couldn’t stop himself from saying. Too late it occurred to him that maybe if he wanted more Steve kisses in his near future, maybe he shouldn’t keep insulting him (or farmers) (or Kansas) (or the midwest in general).
“…really?”
“You took me in when I had nowhere else to go, Tony. You didn’t even hesitate. You took care of me when I couldn’t do anything for myself. No amount of money could repay you for what you’ve done for me. Please? Unless there’s something else you’d rather have, let me do this. I want to do this.”
The unification brought many changes to Consone. Some could be observed or monitored immediately, such as literacy or unemployment rates. Others, especially those founded in cultural differences, were less straightforward. As historically neighboring countries, Terrini and Machtberg observed many of the same holidays - they simply did it differently. Practical changes - such as providing for new students in the schools, having enough medical care to serve changing city populations, or warding against sudden unemployment - were easier to negotiate in parliament than how people might respond to social changes. There was less they could do to plan for how the agnostic Mächtingen might react when religious Terrini newcomers asked for a nativity scene in the city for Christmas, or how the conservative Terrini would welcome young, liberal Mächtingen who drank socially on weekdays and comfortably talked about sex and sexuality.
sent me a "Damn autocorrect..." prompt, and I wrote it up as a drabble on Tumblr.
The world skidded to an immediate halt around him as two parts of Steve’s lives collided without warning. Steve flipped to the first page where the full name of each client was written - and sure enough, the husband’s name was James Buchanan Barnes. The same husband Mrs. Hansen had described as having an alcoholic, abusive father and who had tried his best to be a better man for his own children.
Much too soon Steve was close enough to touch Tony again, to feel the heat radiating from his body. Close enough to see Tony’s dark, hard cock hanging heavy between his thighs. Whatever composure Steve thought he had was lost, and he could feel his mouth watering as his attention zeroed in on Tony’s erection. How long had it been since Steve felt the girth of Tony's cock burn down his throat, or tasted him on the flat of his tongue?
a man whose work mattered to him.
“But you thought it belonged to someone else.”
It wasn’t that they never talked. On Thanksgiving, Tony had ducked out of a family business dinner early to make that first call to Steve. Their conversation had been stilted at first, Steve struggling to restrict himself to only using Tony’s given name, and Tony fighting back tears. What he wouldn’t give for the freedom to ask Steve to forgive him, to take him back. The freedom to leave Stark Industries behind and live his own life, pursuing his own projects and sharing it all with Steve.
Steve eyed the keys, then eyed the car. The black Range Rover SUV looked damn near indestructible.
“Please, Steve—finish it, please, I need—”
Tony licked his lips and tried to steady himself. Steve had been honest and Tony needed to keep a clear head. He couldn’t let the personal hurt distract him from what he wanted to say.
Distantly, Steve heard the dull clang of metal on metal followed by muffled stomping. This was it - whoever had captured him was there. His time was over. He tugged at the zip tie behind his back in a final attempt to get free, to have some means of defending himself, but his power was wasted by the drugs.
to remind himself of what Tony had enjoyed before him? Yes.
Except Wayne’s office was an exercise in modern architecture, and the whole space was designed as an open plan with big windows that left no shadows where secrets could hide. Not to mention Tony’s thumb drive was still running its software; if he pulled out now they’d get nothing for all this trouble.
The question caught Steve entirely off guard. He stared at Tony for some time before asking, “With you?” When Tony nodded in the affirmative, Steve had another follow-up clarification question. “Tonight?”
“Room service!”
“I’m gonna blow his fucking head off.”
The video was taken in the dark, and fear pounded in Steve’s chest on high alert. It was too dark to make out anything but vague shapes, though Steve could make out some movement now and then in the silence.
Steve didn’t know. He knew what worked for him, and he didn’t mess with it. He also didn’t want to know what Tony was talking about, and he especially didn’t want to know about it while the movie was rolling.
“Buck?” he grunted softly as he pushed himself upright in bed. Something was off, and Steve was alert at once. If only he remembered where he’d scattered his clothes the night before. “What’s going on?”
,” he told Steve with an aloof flare, apropos of nothing, and Steve burst out laughing in his face. Tony’s unimpressed facade nearly slipped, but he managed to turn his expression into something distant and smug when he asked, “Did you really cry?”
“Everyone is talking about you,” Steve murmured proudly between kisses, as if Tony’s career could ever mean more than their life together. “This is the time you should be jumping on different projects, new opportunities, not waiting on me—”
He opened the door to the men’s restroom in the lobby and let himself in. It still smelled like lemons from the morning’s first cleaning, and it was surprisingly nicely decorated with a firm leather couch, rolled hand towels instead of paper towels, and an assortment of colognes, sunscreens, and mouthwashes to choose from for anyone who presumably didn’t carry their own.
“I did the math,” Steve lied in a last-ditch effort to convince him. “After the mattress, there’s only five thousand left. After my half of your rent, you’re left with 1,750, or 350 a month. That’s less than a hundred quid a week; actually, now that I think about it, I’m sure I owe you more—”
“Why she is contesting joint custody of the children,” Steve added, remembering his earlier conversation with Tony Stark. A father who would rather lose his fortune than expose his children to a problematic divorce didn’t sound like someone who deserved to be without his children.
One last night in Seoul, and three days in Geneva. So close, but somehow not close enough.
“Yes, they were parts I’ve waited my whole life to play: drug lords number 37 and 38,” Tony muttered, turning pages more quickly now, presumably to get through the repetitive plot to find the next gratuitous opportunity to imagine Steve showing some skin. “This may shock you, but I called them this morning and turned down both the Colombian drug lord and Brazilian drug lord - who, plot twist, is also a pimp.”
“In my time, ten seconds is nine and a half seconds longer than you live once you were face to face with Rumlow,” Steve told him coolly. “You’ve exposed him to decades of torture and isolation, feeding him only a cocktail of training to make him more violent, more heartless, and more intelligent. I will only ask one more time,” he finished with slow, biting words. “Why are you still alive?”
Tony pinched his lips together, then in a rush, he said, “I need you to call Danvers and get her to let me into their hotel.”
Except, he didn’t have time for a headache. He had a 3:10 out of LaGuardia, and he had less than an hour to pack for a trip he knew nothing about.
Tony tore the door open to glare at the man disturbing his peace, but there was nobody there. He was glancing left and right, wondering if a particularly fierce wind hadn’t carried the intruder away for him, but instead something short and stout shoved past his legs, making a break for it into his warm little home.
“But you still found the time to sponsor a literacy program for inner-city kids in Boston who read below their grade-level—”
“Don’t mention it,” Steve said to interrupt Tony’s nervous ramble before it got too far or embarrassing for either of them. “You came all the way down to Brooklyn for pizza?”
Steve glared at his masked attacker over their joined hands. It would have been so easy to break this person’s wrist; just a snap of his hand, and their bones would splinter like dry kindling.
“Natasha got his last address, but she also noticed that someone else registered at that address more recently,” Bucky said and held up his trusty notepad. “Feel like a trip to the Bronx?”
All of it! Playing with cotton candy was so much fun, it was so soft and fluffy! And Tony was pushing it back at him, that was even more fun! They could play in the cotton candy forever and, see, Tony was even laughing now, his cotton candy was magical!
He could turn Clint in, Tony thought to himself later that night. Early the next morning, he would tell the donkey he was going fishing, but he would travel to the Eastlands to find this tribe of Women that Clint had disgraced and tell them where they could find him. They would take what they wanted from him, and then serve him his punishment, and Tony would be at peace again.
“Here I am complaining about my license to conceive when you—I mean,” he suddenly stuttered to backtrack, desperate to avoid saying the words out loud. “And you were in such a warm mood when I first arrived! What was on your mind on this pleasant Monday morning, Tony Stark?”
Without another word, Bruce and Tony fall into step behind the Chief Director. A van waited for them outside the station to take them directly to the Cryo-Prison, lights flashing the whole way to avoid all traffic.
“Your face was objectively pleasing before, Captain,” Jane told him with a mischievous little smirk. “Astonishingly, this is an improvement.”
Tony instinctively placed the shirt back on the bed and put his hands behind his back. If only he’d kept his hands to himself at the fitting.
Tony pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s cheek and rested his hand on Steve’s knee, giving him a gentle, affectionate squeeze.
“Don’t act like you don’t like it, Mr. President,” Steve teased in a deep rumble, but before Tony had a chance to respond or climb him like a tree, he pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek and straightened with a more thoughtful expression.
“Mom, please don’t—”
Sarah yelped and clutched the album, and Tony jolted upright with a sudden gasp. Lime green margarita sloshed across their laps, soaking the cover of the photo album Sarah had desperately tried to save.
The harvesting machine that he had hidden inside the platform was brought out again. It was unfurled piece for piece, until it grew almost twice as big as its initial sleek frame.
Tony hummed in place of shrugging.  “I am told it was my mother,” he answered when his thoughts settled. “That she feared the Wars were consequences of a people who could not overcome social divisions in a diverse society. My father’s official reason was that no soldier who served honorably deserved second-class rights,” Tony said with a sigh, as if reciting a memorized sound clip. “Whatever the reason, the economy benefited greatly from their arrival. We lost many men in the war, and the young American soldiers brought their families. Without them, our economy would not have advanced as it did.”
A waiter came around with water, and Steve hid behind his new glass at first opportunity. Tony took the moment to order them two salads, the flat iron steak, and two side plates.
It was almost too much. What if Steve fell in love with these words and then had to wait a whole year for the rest of the story? But there was nothing for it, there was no resisting it. He signed into his account, settled against the side of the tub, and with breathless excitement dove into another fantastical world by Tony Stark.
“Why are you so late, James?” she whispered, leaning into his offered touch. “You left me here, pining away without so much as a postcard to keep me warm.”
That was his name, Steve thought. It was a good name, his mom gave him that name. Clouds of cotton candy swaddled him with love and comfort and his name, the world was such a beautiful place.
After a long day weeding through the final selection of projects and trying to work out scheduling so he would be able to do all the things he wanted to do - and, more importantly, the things the two women he trusted with his career told him to do - Steve finally made it to LaGuardia. The car was there to pick him up and take him to the arranged hotel, and his agent would follow on the red eye to be there by morning. All he had to do was settle in, maybe say hi to the cast assembled for promotions, and hit the hay. If he wanted to have the energy to suffer through two straight days of press without getting sassy with someone, he needed every hour of rest he could get.
“Really should have gotten my phone,” Tony murmured as they watched Sharon slide the ring on Sam’s finger. He felt Steve’s smile stretched into a big grin.
“Where do you sleep?” Steve asked, more than mildly concerned.
Tony smiled back at him in surprise. “Yeah, I’d like that, Steve. Downstairs in twenty minutes?”
This is
As he relaxed back into the heated cushions of the table again, Steve’s thoughts returned to Tony. His Tony who had inexplicably turned up his indulgent pampering all the way to 11 for no discernable reason. Although it was unlikely, Steve could have forgotten an important occasion—the more Steve thought about it, however, he suspected Tony had seen something out in California that reminded him of Steve, or their business negotiations had gone very, very well.
Sharon immediately got off the guest chair and ran to Steve’s desktop. She had turned it on and gotten everything ready as she always did by force of habit, and it was ready to go.
There was no strength left in Steve’s limbs. He was a boneless heap. He couldn’t even open his eyes, but he privately thrilled to hear Tony’s dark, uneven voice stuttering curses and praise in turn. Handsome, brave, generous Tony, who wasn’t afraid of anything, but hurting Steve. He wanted to do something, wanted to tell Tony how he never thought sex could be this way, but it would have to wait, because all Steve was good for at this point was panting, open-mouthed and drooling, into his soaked pillow.
