“Is this some sort of lovers’ spat?” Loki asked with an amused smirk.
Such a photo in the wrong hands could spell disaster with the press but Steve found a way to print it either way. Tony bet Natasha helped him.
“We are dweebs,” Eddie stated as soon as he entered the lab.
Their eyes locked and they could not look away from each other. Tony did not know how long they looked at each other. He was so shocked he could not think nonetheless keep track of the time passing.
“Hulk brother okay?” Hulk asked, gently nudging Steve’s arms where Peter was tucked away. Hulk was obliviously trying to be gentle but the soft touch bruised Steve’s skin. Steve flinched but was more shocked of Hulk’s concern than his slight injury.
“So, what’s the story then?” Bucky said, “People are going to want to know.”
Tony’s grip tightened on him and Steve hissed, “Is it going to start to grow on me too?”
Norman smothered a chuckle by taking another sip of his foamy beverage. The café was positioned more for the view of the ocean, but Norman wasn’t facing the Pacific. The ocean was to his left and, in front of him in the distance, he could just make out Stark’s old mansion.
And then there's also that meddlesome SHIELD... hmmm hmmm, what will happen with them in response to this?
Steve’s lips twitched into agreeing smile. To Peter, Steve and the Avengers were indestructible.
“Steve?” Bucky questioned uneasily.
Peter twitched and then dropped his gaze down at the beaker. His shield circled closer to his body, partially blocking Peter from Wade’s view.
in this situation.”
“…You don’t think this was all to draw
“I-I don’t know. I was just thinking that I needed to find a way for it to go back to the beaker and then…” Peter waved at the beaker, wordlessly stating the obvious.
“It is an honor to formally meet you, Captain,” the robot stated, nodding his head to Steve.
His AI had conveniently assisted them in the Hydra ambush (though Tony saw none of it because he'd been too busy staring at Steve). Tony knew Jarvis had been following him then so it shouldn’t have been such a surprise that he’d continue to do so.
“It appears you two need some assistance,” Vision murmured. He remained floating above them but Wanda landed on the ground, floating in her pink aura of magic to land gently on the pavement. She pointed her creepy hang loose hands at them and pulled Wade off Peter with her magic.
He whispered to Tony, “Were you trying to romance me again, sweetheart?”
“Are you gay, you know, a homosexual,” retorted the reporter and then he shoved his microphone into Steve’s face for his response. Behind the reporter, his cameraman leaned in closer, focusing his lens on Steve.
The door slammed open and the Iron Patriot stepped in. Steve lowered the shield and was about to ask Rhodes what was going on when the other man raised his armored hand and pointed it at Steve. His palm glowed then shot out a blast from the repulsor.
Arriving on Tony’s floor, Steve cautiously stepped out of the elevator and his nose picked up the smell of spicy meat.
“No!” The sudden exclamation took all of them by surprise and Wade turned to Brock. He was still reaching out to Venom and he gasped, “Come back to me.
“You are such a dofus,” Tony muttered.
would make it so.
“Amazing!” Peter replied extatically. “I’ve been testing out Venom and it gets more spectacular the more I use it!”
“…They’re all worried about you but I sent them away. I didn’t want you to feel too smothered,” Steve explained. “They’ll come running if you ask though.”
“Hmmm, yes?” Tony cleared his throat.
When Steve entered the community room, Bucky was laying lengthwise on the couch. He had a newspaper (still refusing to use the tablet Tony gave him) and was reading it with a blank expression.
He practically fell beside the man and gasped, “
“No, only the cold room and a medical locker are down here,” he replied, his eyes glued to the door.
He took that first step and inhaled deeply, smiling widely as he did.
“That material is military grade and every square inch cost a couple of grand,” Dad grumbled.
“When was the last time you slept with someone?” Steve played along and countered, “I don’t date anyone who is seeing other people.”
He didn’t think it was possible but Steve paled even more and Tony got angrier. Nevertheless, deep beneath that anger, his heart squeezed in despair as his mate slipped further and further from him. It was rare for soulmates not to become romantically involved and it was even rarer if they did not get along at all. Was this what they were going to be? That rare statistic that hated each other?
The audience cheered excitedly and then Tony leaned forward with his million-dollar smile and replied, “I think you’re right!”
Steve froze upon his words. He gently laid his arm back over Tony and pulled him in tightly for a snug embrace.
“T-Tony?!” Steve gasped, his throat was so coated in ash and dry that his attempted yell was no louder than a whisper. He erupted into a coughing fit after speaking. Had he really heard him?! Was Tony there? He looked wildly around for any sign of him.
Steve collapsed with him in his arms and then curled around him as they slid down a few stairs until they came to a stop. They pulled back enough just to peer at each other and Tony’s fingers dug a little deeper when he met his soulmate’s eyes.
“I understand,” Steve gritted, his hold on the comforter contorted slightly.
His face grew wet from his husband’s tears and equally wet kisses. Steve tightened his arms around Tony and gasped, “It’s real. I’m alive – I love you
He heard his uncle come running up the stairs then test the lock to his bedroom.
Wade lightly pushed him forward and they walked together. Wade proudly pointed out the Ikea furniture he assembled, naming each one with its proper Swedish terminology. Apparently, Wade also had a roommate who helped him build these but she was out and, from the sound of it, Wade had sent her on vacation to Bermuda so he could show off the place in peace. Wade excitedly showed him everything from his small collection of ceramic ducks to the dusty garage.
Cue explosion.
Tony smirked at Peter and stated, “A Hulk.”
Latching onto the image of Tony, Steve lifted his head and defiantly retorted, “I can do this all day.”
Tony leaned over and murmured into Steve’s ear, “No one can forget ‘Pops.’”
A SHIELD agent, probably checking to see what all the noise was about, opened the doors to the waiting room and peered questionably at them and his aunt cursed under her breath. Peter ignored the man and looked beyond him into the room.
He felt more than saw Tony’s entire body jerk in reaction to his statement. Steve glanced at him and, for a few seconds, clearly saw the unmistakable hurt in Tony’s eyes before his friend hid it. Before Steve could even consider what that meant, Tony tapped the cushion beside him, signaling for Steve to return his side. Steve cautiously slid back to him and stopped just short of touching him.
“D-Dat man w-was sca-sca-we,” Peter gasped.
As if he could hear his crushing thoughts, Tony suddenly encased him in a tight hug. Steve flinched then slowly wrapped his arms around his torso and pressed his face into Tony’s chest. The arc reactor bit into his cheek and its warm glow heated his flesh.
Night turned into a new day. Every time he closed his eyes, Tony saw Steve’s blue eyes staring back at him. Just like when he had last seen him, the super solder’s gaze was an icy blue, stark with surprise but the inner depths were a black abyss that contained a dark knowledge that Tony was not ready to face. As a result, Tony couldn’t sleep a wink and Sam spirited him coffee to help keep him awake despite the unhappy tittering of his doctors.
Steve leaned his chest into Tony’s shoulder and placed a hand over Tony’s arc reactor. Steve replied in an equally mocking voice, “Bi? Single? I would have never guessed! Hey, did you know I am gay and I think you’re kind of hot? Maybe we should date? How about tonight? Dinner, on top of the Tower?”
Tony threw back his head and groaned, "Ughhhh."
Steve did not reply but his silence was more than enough of an answer for Tony, whose repulsors whined at a higher frequency for a hotter and more powerful blasting charge.
He wanted Bucky too. He could not deny it just as he could not deny his heart from beating. Yet, at the same time, he was awash with horror because of his love for Tony. He was in a relationship with him and should not be feeling such things toward another, no matter their history!
Steve jogged into the room, his hair still damp from the shower, and he said, “Jarvis said you needed to see me?”
“They will most likely follow you, Boss,” Friday stated.
“You know, the other night, when I slept at Bucky's…it was just horrible,” Steve stated.
Steve pressed his forehead to Tony’s and whispered, “This is your hourly reminder…”
Enjoy the Mature content ;D
Bucky’s eyes flashed white as he lifted his gaze to Steve. He growled, “The fruity yuck who was kissing you?”
– is he doing here?” Steve gasped, taking several steps back to separate himself from his son. Venom moved with renewed interest against his skin and Steve felt all its attentions focus on Peter.
– Oh, my God,” Steve gasped, his arms shaking now to hold him up in his half sitting up position. Tony grinned, loving the way his lover was losing his composure at his stroking touch.
“Oh, really?” Wade asked with a smirk. He picked up his stool and scooted closer to Peter so that only barely an inch of space separated them. Peter flushed but was a little giddy by Wade’s boldness.
“Hey,” Tony grasped the side of his face and made him look at him. He whispered, “You’re going to get through this. Don’t think about the negative aspects right now. That’s what I’m paying my lawyers for. Think of only the good. Think of us, right here, right now. Together.”
there is a war going on around us.”
Natasha nodded to herself and said, “When we were together, he regained his memories fairly quickly, especially when we found things to trigger them… Maybe it will happen again.”
Steve turned back and joined everyone as they all looked to the prosecution’s table and waited to see their next move.
Peter rolled his eyes but grasped Wade’s jaw and kissed the stupid time traveling idiot anyway. When it came to Peter, Wade would do anything for him…and Peter would do the same.
Peter flushed but chuckled, "Gardenias? I don't even know what those are?"
it’ll last a half hour at least,” Steve sighed.
Steve blanched then instantly cast his gaze back down to Peter. His mind was spinning from blood loss and he could not focus properly on his son.
Tony then climbed on top of him and then was inside him and they were finally one.
He agreed to do these interviews…but he expressively stated to his team that he did not want to lie about Wade. He’d eluded reporters’ questions before, but he never outright said that he was not in a romantic relationship with him. Wade still wanted it to be a private affair and Peter did not want to be accidental cause of their outing.
Wade nodded.
Tony looked up and down the hall quickly and then pushed Steve into the wall. His mouth smothered Steve’s confused gasp and any fears Steve had floated away as he felt Tony’s excited pulse and responded to Tony’s frantic kisses. Tony broke their kiss and whispered harshly into his mouth, “I’ll have you in several positions by the end of tonight, I can promise you that.”
Tony did not hear the door open behind him but, just as Tony’s hands were venturing under Steve’s shirt, he heard Clint curse, “What the –?! Fuck, guys! Warn us!!
Tony’s mood soured even more when he saw that.
Peter began to grumble about being hungry so, before they left the building, Steve stopped at a snack machine and got him some pretzels.
"And I hear, Peter's back too?" Natasha asked with a smile. Steve had never seen her smile so much before. She'd been so broken by the loss of Bucky, their friends, and his son. To be back, with Bucky and everyone else returned, she must've been so overjoyed that her usual reserved demeanor was cracked.
,” Steve gasped, Tony’s words making him shudder violently as he envisioned the suggestions.
“I understand,” Steve whispered to Bruce. “But you have to understand I just learned of Peter’s existence and I am trying to make a new life with him…”
It was of Steve sitting in a pool of Tony’s blood and nearly completely covered in it. Just at the edge of the photo, a corner of the gurney taking Tony away could be seen. Steve’s eyes had been zeroed in on the medical personnel and his expression was completely open, displaying his despair from his wide, hollow eyes to his tear-tracked cheeks.
They gathered in the community room after Tony had found and destroyed the virus.
“Originally with the Parkers, but Lady May is out and does not have a phone. And Ben is at work and ‘on a job.’ The Man of Iron is trying to contact him,” Uncle Thor replied.
“Then I pronounce you two punks married. Go ahead and kiss already.”
As they cuddled and Tony was telling Steve about Pepper’s reaction to him having a soulmate when Steve suddenly perked up.
Tony was wearing a faraway expression and it took him a moment to reply, “Yeah, okay, let’s go.” He picked up his obsolete gun and led the way to where the rest of the team was waiting for them. Steve followed and stared at the back of Tony’s head, thinking about how great he felt against Steve.
Steve sighed and murmured, “I am a different man now. That Steve kept his true self a secret and bottled everything up…Tony…Tony drew me out.”
The hope in his voice made Steve wince. Peter was usually closed mouth on the topic of his mother. He had never met her but Steve knew his son ate up every little fact he could learn about her. For Peter’s sake he hoped it was true. Steve’s own heart was racing as hope billowed his chest. Could it be possible? Could Mary be alive??
Tony was directing him to zodiac constellations now, drawing them with their combined point, not letting go of Steve, not that Steve wanted him to. He could stay out there all night if it meant lying beside Tony and simply holding his hand…
“There must be a way!”
Bucky rubbed his arm and grinned at her. He replied, “Indeed.”
Tony smirked at Steve and grasped his hand, agreeing, “No, I’m here.”
“The weapons’ test –,” Tony gasped, shakily putting his hands over Steve’s. Blood gushed between their fingers. “We were attacked on the way back – There was a bomb – A fucking Stark Industries bomb –!”
Tony peered at him fearfully, probably expecting Steve to berate him.
Tony walked up to it and lifted his face shield so he could look at it with his own eyes. He glared at it and tried to transfer all his livid emotions into the stare.
Tony slipped in as the medical examiner got off the stand. He returned to his seat and whispered to Steve and the rest of the team, “Bruce is alright, he’s calmed down. He’s going to hang outside until the hearings over however.”
“Sorry,” Steve whispered.
Steve anxiously kneaded his thigh muscle and tried to imagine how differently his and Tony’s story would play out if his fiancé had prior knowledge of what was to come…and how’d it somehow destroy both of their futures.
Natasha pushed herself to her feet but froze as soon as James cocked his gun and pointed it at her head.
“If that’s alright with you?”
Bucky let his head fall back over the couch and he murmured, “I love you, Steve. I always have and I always will.” Steve’s heart dropped at his words. This was not where he wanted the conversation heading. The anger that churned in his gut immediately frosted over into an icy fear.
Thor nodded. His grin was gone and had been replaced by a grim line.
Steve nodded, already imagining snuggling into Tony’s arms and not letting him go for another century.
Steve stumbled to his feet and weakly grasped the handle. Natasha grimly noted the cold room was keeping him weak. He’d only been out of it for a few minutes and whatever healing that might have occurred was probably destroyed by his reentering the cold room. He could barely stand nonetheless help her. He gasped, “Bucky-?”
“Shut up,” Steve moaned, finally relaxing into his hold as Tony’s usual abrasive manner came out.
“There!” He exclaimed and brought up another holo-screen to accompany Ben’s.
“We know it’s sensitive to heat,” Bruce retorted from across the room. He was sitting at his computer and did not look up from the screen. Bruce had yet to take a break and seemed to be moving faster as more reports of Venom came in. Bruce’s hair was disheveled from constantly pulling at it. It was a habit of his he developed when he came across something he did not understand.
He almost forgot Bucky was there since he and Tony spent most of their reminiscing staring into each other’s eyes. His voice made him jump a little.
Wade blushed bright red and he looked up to see Peter was just as red. It was so right and personal and Wade probably wouldn’t have been brave enough to post it. Wade smiled at Peter and sing-songed, “You lurv me~!”
“No ulterior plot? You didn’t plan on Barnes turning, did you?” Tony teased.
Steve closed his eyes right before the impact. It was jarring but nothing like he expected because he felt
With the big things out in the open, the smaller things flowed out easier.
He followed Eddie to their workstation and they dove into their work.
Bucky clenched his hands, his nails digging into his flesh, and, as the others teased Tony, he watched Steve. Steve did not join the others in circling Tony and stood off to the side alone and looking at Tony as if he were unreachable.
Natasha met Clint in the lobby and held up her phone to him so he can see the image on the screen. He’d just arrived, having come all the way from Brooklyn.
Why was the AI calling him “Mr. Stark”??
Tony hugged him back without question and Steve nuzzled his face against his neck, inhaling his scent and feeling his pulse.
But Tony wouldn’t hear any of it. He dragged Steve to his kitchen and deposited him at the counter. He then opened both his fridge and pantry and quickly emptied their contents out in front of Steve.
“Don’t worry, these guys can keep a secret, right?”
Unsurprisingly, Fury ignored him and was gone in seconds. Leaving Tony, Bucky, and Agent Romanoff alone, like the entire area hadn’t been swarming with SHIELD agents a moment ago.
Tony pushed Steve back against the wall and pressed his body flush to his. Steve groaned into Tony’s mouth as he felt the mold of his body pushed up against his. Tony’s lithe muscles were tough with strength and the warmth from his body made his pulse quicken.
“You’re brilliant,” Steve gasped. He pulled back to kiss him and then peppered kisses all over his face as he gasped, “You’re so smart and perfect and amazing –.”
“And I am your mission right now?” She asked him gently. Her feelings were conflicted. How did this man see her? Was she even a person to him? Had she made a mistake in not pulling the trigger?
It was the second boom that got Steve moving. He ran to the property without a second thought, his apprehensive mind was totally focused on Tony’s fate.
She instantly stepped back and eyed the various weapons uneasily.
When had Jarvis removed it? It was such an insignificant clue to the past that Tony hadn’t even considered using the armor’s stealth technology to hide it. Had Jarvis done so as soon as Tony left the suit? Was it trying to somehow protect the future by hiding such an insignificant marker?
The LAPD complained about his flying again, but he gave them zero fucks and kept up his high rate of speed right up to his front door.
“I’m good with all of these, how about you?” Tony said.
“If Peter were not here I would ravish you for just suggesting that,” Tony murmured flirtatiously. Steve smirked and his eyes trailed down Tony’s throat to where a dark hickey was forming. He licked his lips, wanting to put his mouth back on Tony’s flesh. Instead, he raised Tony’s hand with his and brushed his lips against his flesh there.
Tony sat up, pulling his tools away from the chips to give Steve his full attention. Tony said, “Thank me? There’s no need.”
The solution in the beaker suddenly exploded upwards, catching the book.
“What are you doing here?”
In his mind, he reviewed the video Steve had showed him. It was grainy and Venom had been filmed from a distance away making it harder to see. For only a few seconds, Peter’s form had been seen but…did it truly mean he had fought back? One possibility was that he had but Tony had been thinking about another very grim possibility.
Steve sighed and knelt next to Peter. He put a hand on his shoulder and murmured, “Uncle Tony is fine…he’s-he’s just being an idiot.”
? Did Peter somehow let slip he was Spidey??
What was the point? Why would he do that to himself? Did he think some pointless “act of love” would have her swooning and lamenting his end?
– men can marry each other?”
With his upper body exposed, the cold was even worse, making his mind hazy and his vision off center. He lurched more than walked toward the people and prayed they wouldn’t shoot him down.
Before he felt it, he heard his bones fracture and break, like the sound of a glass being shattered. He rolled like he was supposed to but the impact still managed to cause damage. He quickly categorized his injuries as they occurred. The first was his leg snapping as he did not bend it in time, then he dislocated his left shoulder as he forced his body to roll, and then the pressure crushed his chest breaking his ribs and God knows what else. He only concentrated on the pain from his broken bones for a millisecond because the intense heat from the inferno hit him all at once.
Jarvis knew where he wanted to go so when the doors opened Peter did not have to say anything, the elevator moved on its own. He went down and he guessed he was being taken to the workshop.
Steve’s voice silenced his husband immediately.
“Peter, you should not break that,” Steve stated gently and took the large branch from Peter’s grasp. He stabbed it into the ground so it looked like it grew there. In a few days it would die but by then no one would question how it happened. Steve looked around them to make sure no one noticed Peter’s abnormal strength.
Steve blinked at them without any comprehension and the edges of his vision darkened.
It actually took 50 minutes for everyone at the fundraiser to eventually realize Steve was Captain America and, even then, most were too shocked to process it or disbelieved it. He saw many on their phones, holding up their devices, comparing Steve’s face to the old black and white ones the internet had of him from World War II.
Steve face went bright red and Tony knew he went too far. He rose slightly off his friend but Steve’s hold on his hips tightened and forced him to stay. Tony could not breathe for a few seconds without risking hearty groans from escaping. Steve’s cock was digging into his rectum, pressing into the soft flesh. It felt so good. Steve couldn’t know what torture he was putting Tony through!
“I…I think?” Gabe replied in a strangled voice.
Wade’s eyes glistened and he broke eye contact, dropping his head. He whispered, “But I’m ugly…”
! He saw Vision throw it into the
They kept talking.
Hulk roared and Tony’s eyes snapped open and immediately focused on Steve.
The man was holding him by the scruff of his shirt and practically snarling at him.
“Always such a romantic,” Peter croaked, his throat felt dry and his voice had to be pushed out with a lot of effort.
To save his life, he had to hide who he was or risk losing it all.
Steve said to Tony and Pepper, “I’ll explain everything that’s happened while they were gone, how about you two continue where we left off?”
“Steve,” Tony pleadingly gasped.
The father made no move toward Venom but, instead, waited in the cage. Venom circled the cage but made no move to enter.
“The old-fashioned approach?” Steve murmured in surprise. Tony was usually more in your face.
Venom had been trying to escape in vain and everyone had been ignoring it. Yet, with Peter’s words it froze and slowly sunk back to his chest. Wade watched it sink with a grin. It looked like the alien finally realized it was beat.
Natasha jumped behind the bench to put something between them and quickly shed her cumbersome coat, leaving her pistol in her pocket but revealing her weapon cache.
That was, of course, when Stark reappeared.
Peter blinked a few times and then breathlessly guessed, “You’re ready?”
Steve squeezed Tony’s hands and murmured, “How?”
But could he do it for her? His heartrate picked up as his body instinctively supplied the answer.
“I’ve got a heart condition so there will be a murmur and I smoked a fuck ton as a kid, so my lungs are probably trash too,” Tony quickly said. “The results will be shit.”
“Yes-,” the medical examiner began but Marcel pressed on.
It was hard and raw just like their emotions at that moment. And despite their relative safety, Steve understood Tony’s need for a fast release…the last time they tried to make love it had been disastrous.
He had his Instagram open and Wade glanced at the page. Peter had millions of followers and even had the official blue check marking him as a genuine celebrity. Peter still loved taking pictures and posted them online all the time. This would be the first time Wade would be making an appearance on the page.
“What?” Steve and Peter gasped in unison.
, welcome to the show. How are you two?”
The Avengers parted and looked to Wade Wilson with understanding.
“Job’s not done yet but, by the juries’ reaction…I think I can positively say we are going to win this,” Marcel stated with a smirk.
Steve stiffened in his arms and Tony realized what he let the big “L” word slip. He nervously rambled, “I well, yes, there’s that and, I’ll- you’ll be 100, and… yes.”
Natasha face was blank for several seconds as she processed his words but then she smirked in amusement. She peered thoughtfully at him for a moment then stated, “Alright, boss. I can do that.”
Tony jerked to a stop and looked up to one of Jarvis’s camera. He gasped, “Why didn't you say so in the first place! Fury here? He drop off a package or-?”
“Soooo pissed at you,” Tony moaned in exasperation, but he didn’t let go of his super soldier. He was angry with him but…but he was more scared of losing him.
Tony leaned into Steve’s side, resting his head on his shoulder, and teased, “I wanted to be just as romantic. It’s not every day that a super soldier from another century crosses the entire country because he loves you, you know?”
This was the man whom he loved with his entire heart.
Tony cupped his mouth to muffle his laughter and poked his head up again. Pepper was fuming and Tony innocently asked, “What?”
“It’s going to be alright in the end,” Tony whispered. Steve’s eyes rose and met Tony’s gaze. Tony was tense and he smiled diminutively at him. He continued, “There’s no way the U.S. government is going to let Captain
“Cap woke up sooner than we thought he would,” Coulson stated. “He thought he was captured and escaped.”
Yet, the fact that he could not help his friends fight, was what finally crushed his spirit. It was frustrating, it was disheartening…but mostly, it made him feel useless.
He reached out to Natasha, threaded his fingers into hers, and huskily whispered, “Thank you…”
The horror he had been trying to deny hit him full on and Tony could not deny the fact that Steve was doomed. The way Tony saw it Steve had limited options: Steve would give in and eat humans to nourish Venom but will thereby destroy the purity of his soul and if he ever escaped would be a shell of the man he once knew; or he would not eat and waste away like Peter had and eventually die; or SHIELD would find him first and kill him before more died; or, the most unlikely of the bunch, they will miraculously find a cure they had been searching for, for weeks and save him… Tony was no idiot. He could put two and two together. No matter what happened in the end, he was going to lose Steve.
Peter stepped back as the AI dimmed the lights and said, “Alright, see you in an hour, buddy.”
Even Jarvis didn't remember and sometimes Tony wondered if it had only been a dream.
“I only contacted you because I needed to get out of that Tower. It had nothing to do with you or me. It’s all about Tony and my wanting to block out the pain of losing him,” Steve hissed, clenching his fists. He could feel the tears forming again but ignored it. His voice was husky as he stated, “I was not thinking about you and me. I just wanted what we had before…This is why I am selfish, Bucky. I was not thinking about your feelings, only mine. I’m a selfish bastard and you should—.”
“Why did you never tell me?” Peter asked. Richard Parker’s image blurred as tears came to his eyes. Everything he knew was a lie. He wrapped his arms around himself and wished with all his damaged heart that it was Gwen holding him and not himself.
“Should I set a timer to wake me if things go wrong on this end?” Jarvis asked.
“You okay?” Tony asked.
Peter did not feel up to searching for anymore. Instead, he fell into his bed and grabbed his phone. He texted Wade, ‘Why do people suck?’
Bruce, wearing normal plaid pajamas, did not bother asking and rushed over to Tony. He took his place behind Tony’s other shoulder and stared at the readings as they were coming in.
Steve brushed back Tony’s hair one more time and whispered to him alone, “I love you.” He drew his hand back then jumped to his feet and turned to Natasha. He stated, “Help Clint. The Goblin hasn’t fought with you yet so he does not know your weaknesses. I will help Thor.”
All the blood in his body rushed to his face as his sudden embarrassment outweighed his arousal.
It was the only sign she had of progress with him…other than the fact that he didn’t seem to be trying to kill her. But, he hadn’t said a word to her since last night. He only looked at her. Was he now debating his choice? Was he already considering finishing his original mission? Was the man she held last night only an anomaly?
Steve grasped his wrist sharply and hissed, “I do need you, Bucky! ‘Till the end of the line,’ remember? I want you in my life. I want you in my son’s life. You are my best friend.
“Jarvis!” Tony said.
He thought there was no animosity between him and Bucky. He thought the Winter Soldier had saved his life when he dragged him out of the Potomac…Why did he want to kill one of them? Had the constant brainwashing done something? Was he even more unhinged now?
There were many reasons Steve would not mention Sam to Tony but Tony’s mind immediately latched onto the worst case scenario: Steve was interested in Sam.
“Just hold on,” Steve begged.
“It’s not you, baby boy,” Wade whispered. “I wasn’t you. You can never hurt me…”
He didn’t know if he should laugh or cry first. He thought he’d lost his soulmate forever but now he was here, in the flesh! How was this possible??
as fast as possible not put them
Tony fell forward and wound his arms around Steve’s torso tightly. Tony wept into his chest, “I originally wasn’t going to just save Bucky…”
Tony was walking ahead so he didn’t see Bucky’s reaction but he could feel his glare burning into the back of his head. Tony grinned, glad he was still able to tease his teammate. He barely noted the heat of his glare as it was coupled with the ever-effervescent warmth of Steve’s smile. He glanced to his side and was correct in presumption, Steve was smiling warmly at him.
Steve wearily lifted his head to meet Thor’s gaze and looked at him questionably. The Norse God had been hiding across the street and had been Steve’s backup in case Venom became too much for Steve.
The last of his suit clicked on and he scoffed, “They can try.”
“I have no idea,” Steve replied. “I woke up in this room with Hydra agents and I’ve been running to you ever since…”
Peter shifted his legs to bring himself closer to Wade but he knocked over the tablet as he did and it began to slide off the bed. With quicker reflexes that Wade could only dream to achieve, Peter broke their kiss and caught the fragile device before it would shatter on the hardwood of the floor.
Steve’s shoulders dropped. He knew this conversation would come one day. He just wished Peter was a little older to better understand. He whispered, “Everyone gets hurt, including me. Because I am a superhero I am going to get hurt a lot…Everyone on the Avengers will…”
The preliminary hearing had begun.
Tony stared as the drawing as his mind drew a blank, but his heart began to sink as it realized quicker than his brain what had happened.
Thanks again! <3
“Does it hurt?” She asked in a hushed whisper.
I'mmmm baaccckkkk! And thank you once again for your patience! I use my tablet to write and log into Ao3 and did not bring it with me while I was backpacking, so I was unable to write or reply to anyone's comments in the meantime but I promise to do so right after I post this chapter!
“The high-pitched frequency –,” Tony began, his thoughts immediately went to the first time they tried to capture Venom. It only did not work because Venom had destroyed the speakers! They could still use it! Tony sat up sharply with the words but moved too quickly and jolted Peter.
Steve adjusted Peter in his arms and he said, “He is my son. SHIELD just found him, Hydra has had him this entire time.”
“Stable?” Peter repeated with disbelief.
Steve jumped up and clipped on his helmet. Without another word, he ran to the back of the jet and leapt into the thick of it.
Steve did not last long under Tony’s roving tongue and after he came, he switched places with Tony and went down on him.
Her teammates exchanged nervous glances.
Even after that night, Tony continued to drink. It was no longer every night but it was enough to still be an obvious problem.
understand. So you need to stop this tomfoolery, alright?”
Tony was falling for his friend and he didn’t even realize it…but Steve couldn’t look at him or abide his touch.
Steve was about to take off his jeans, but he paused and frowned at Wade.
Smoke billowed across the lawn and Peter tersely stated, “They’re here…”
Mac’s station fridge was currently being emptied. Eddie had put back the VENOM beaker and filled it with a dyed liquid that mirrored the original. It would be destroyed without anyone knowing they had taken it. However, if their experiment worked, and they shared their findings, they were going to have a lot of explaining to do….At that moment, however, neither one of them were thinking about the paperwork they'd have to do because their experiment was
With Eddie no longer seeming interested in the conversation, Tony turned back to the screen and he and the other two heroes began dissecting the
“Steve?”
“Tony…what’s going on?” Pepper asked with concern.
They reluctantly parted and did not let go of each other’s hands until their limbs could no longer stretch and their fingers broke apart.
Steve nodded and got to his feet. He stated, “I think I’ll settle for just getting a ride home right now.” He held his hand out to the shorter man and said, “You kept your word, thank you for showing this to me.”
“You haven’t been sleeping here?” Steve asked.
yet to find out who he was. Tony completed one task but this one was still nowhere near done. He pinched his chin and murmured to himself, “
“Brother-,” Thor stated cautiously.
“I’m here, beloved…I made it…” Tony reminded him and pulled him into his embrace. Steve pressed his face into Tony’s chest and wound his arms around his waist tightly.
“Drop this,” Steve retorted harshly. Why couldn’t Tony leave this alone?
Tony clenched his hands, not wanting Steve to hear but...he needed to...he needed to know why they had to give up so much.
She pressed a lingering kiss on top of his head and then gently let go of him.
Steve knew he could not stay cooped up forever so when he went outside the next day, he made sure to go where it would impact Bucky the most. He drove out of the Tower’s garage on his bike. Anyone who saw him leave, would know exactly who he was and he probably had a few photos snapped of him that would be in the gossip rags by tomorrow.
Tony’s eyes returned to the screen. It was so deep…
Tony could easily imagine a number of things Fury could arrest him for and he always thought the man was waiting for a day when he was in an especially foul mood to tack it all on Tony to make him sit in jail for a day before Tony’s lawyers managed to get him out. But to arrest Steve??
Tony moved as quickly as possible, pulling off his own shirts. He wore one of his old band shirts with a long-sleeved shirt beneath. Steve helped him only until the shirts got tangled in his useless arms (he was never wearing layers again) and then his wicked soulmate started to kiss and lick him. Steve was trailing his mouth down Tony’s body while he madly pulled at his shirt to free his arms.
Tony decided to surprise them all with a project he had already in the works. Stark Enterprises was building a second HQ in New York and, Tony stepped in and made a few quirks to the design by adding living quarters.
– what if they heard..? Would they be able to see the image on Steve’s tablet??
“And here I was thinking of renaming Peter after you, Fury,” Tony sarcastically said.
Bucky would have. If he was willing to risk it all to save Tony, Bucky would support him. He knew Tony meant the world to Steve. Just as Natasha had meant the world to Bucky...
Steve nodded, accepting his answer and slipped from his arms.
Tony was perfect and he
Steve shakily stood up and sat next to Peter on the bed. Staring at the ground, his shocked expression still in place, Steve easily put it all together. He loved Bucky, how couldn’t he? He was his best friend for the majority of his life and knew nearly everything about Steve. He was also the first man he ever loved. He would always have a place for him in his heart. But the love he felt toward Bucky had changed. He fell in love with him yes but he had smothered it and it died. It was tragic but it happened.
She nodded and then spared a pitying glance over his shoulder before stepping out. He looked over his shoulder where her gaze had pointed and saw Tony had woken up. His hands had curled into the bedding and his grip was so tight that his knuckles turned white.
When Tony got outside and flew up, Friday stated, “Venom has escaped the perimeter with Peter and Steve requires medical assistance.”
“You two can continue later,” Peter waved it off and sat next to Wade, leaning into his side and grasping his hand.
Steve squeezed his hand but could not stop his lips from trembling nor his eyes from overflowing again. He was a mixture of emotions but…but mostly he was just grateful.
The Iron Man suit shuddered and for the briefest of seconds, a new insignia almost appeared, but the surface area quickly returned to its blank state
Moving his lips as little as possible, Tony mumbled, “Never in a million years, could I have imagined getting a shave from Captain America.”
“Peter and the Merc with a Mouth,” Rhodes stated, also turning back. “…I never saw it coming.”
Nothing more needed to be said. The privacy of their secret names was as grand as a declaration of love.
“Oh…” He whispered and the great, happy feeling he’d been feeling the last few days, suddenly receded from him like a fast moving tide. Steve grasped Tony’s hand, not out love but out of apprehension.
There was a lot of Wade down there.
Tony said they had needed practice but he made no more moves to touch him. Steve was nervous. All day he had surprised by Tony’s touches, not yet ready for the charade, and now because of their folly Tony wanted to…to practice?
be so – so
As soon as Tony was at his side, however, all those emotions vanished. He stiffly pushed himself up and demanded from both of them, “Are we done here?”
Either way, he stopped a mugging and posed for half a dozen tourist photos. It was a normal night. No one was staring at him or whispering about him. With the mask, he was only the same-old Spider-Man.
“Guess,” Peter teased.
Tony’s fingers dug into the muscles of his arms and he gasped, “Steve, wait, there –
Natasha’s eyes flickered to Steve for a second before returning to Peter. She stated, “I would not miss my own Godson’s birthday. And it’s a fun birthday so far, isn’t it?” Natasha asked Peter.
Steve stared at the message for at least three minutes and was running out of time to reach the lower levels at the elected time.
They returned to the Tower in silence.
"That's all we ask," Tony whispered.
“What is going on?” Peggy demanded as soon as Steve as sitting. He buried his face in his hands and did not reply. He just closed his eyes and breathed steadily, trying to calm his heart into submission. The steady pain remained but the urge to falter lessened somewhat.
“Hm?” Wade murmured not really understanding but, at the same time, becoming distracted by the way Peter's thigh muscles flexed under Wade's teeth. Wade followed the tendons down to Peter’s crotch. Peter’s hands on him tightened as Wade’s mouth went lower.
Tony noisily sniffed and whispered, “You…You don’t have to apologize…You survived, Steve. I just thought – When I first saw you, I thought…you wouldn’t…and it felt like I was bleeding out on the floor with you…”
The outside world was obstructed by the files opening for the check. Tony started going through all the systems’ files, looking for even the tiniest of changes. He asked the AI, “How many hours of footage do you have before we came to this era?”
Tony sat down to do some research of his own on what was going on with SHIELD and Hydra, when Bucky suddenly rushed into the room.
As Tony walked away, Jim chuckled, “His drill sergeant probably popped a blood vessel with that one…”
“He’s only been gone a few days,” Pepper noted.
Steve cupped his husband’s face and begged, “Tony – Tony I can’t – I—.”
“…Flint?” Pepper reiterated with an air of confusion.
more than that!
“P-Papa?” Peter questioned, by the tone of his voice he could tell his son did not want Steve to confirm it. Steve must have looked horrible. He probably resembled more of a scary mummy than Peter’s father.
Steve smiled sweetly at him and silently worded, ‘Thank you’ to Tony.
The men and women in the white lab coats began to strip him of his ruined clothes and wipe away the blood. The Avengers mutely left to give him some privacy. Tony remained by his side like he promised and Peter continued to sleep in his arms, not waking from the exchange from Steve to Tony.
. Peter Parker,” Tony replied, suddenly feeling self-conscious. “What if we came out to the press and told the world you were my son?”
He didn’t deserve Steve’s affection or care, but he had it…and it was the most precious thing he…he
The madman was trying to harness the tesseract to make
!” Steve hissed as Bucky slowed to a stop a few feet from Natasha.
Uncle Bucky smiled and let him slide out of his arms. He stated, “Go on then and be sure to tell Tony you are sorry.”
Bucky ran his fingertips over Steve’s forehead, pushing back the invisible fringe of hair Steve had cut off long ago. He stared deeply into Steve’s eyes and something flickered in his stormy vision.
Steve fingers returned to Tony’s hair and returned to their petting. He huskily whispered, “Thank you.”
Steve seemingly forgot that they were ‘dancing’ and pressed Tony into the nearest wall, pushed his mouth to his, and plunged his tongue down Tony’s throat. Tony groaned and wrapped his limbs around Steve to draw him closer.
He did that and so much more.
“It's different for me…I really am at fault…” Wade admitted sadly.
Tony had once confessed to him that one of the hardest things Tony could give to a person was his trust. Obadiah Stane had been like a father to Tony and, after he tried to kill Tony, Tony could never open his heart as easily to others again.
“Tony…” Steve stated in warning, those gears started turning faster, making Steve a little uneasy.
,” Steve cried, seeing the wound for the first time. It was ghastly and was something he had only seen in the battlefield.
Tony felt deflated.
“Noooo,” Wade faintly grumbled, his limbs snaking tighter around him.
who Deadpool is but, those who do, also know I'm Wade Wilson…Do you want it to get out that you're dating me? Plus, as soon as the press take one look at my face and, well…They’d probably wonder why you’re with me…what with all the…” He motioned to his head and said, “You know?”
“Yes, he got no obvious readings
“It was you who said I could be a Commando,” Tony retorted, crossing his arms over his chest stubbornly.
“Better safe than sorry,” Tony retorted. He began to walk toward the elevator and Steve fell in step with him. Tony asked, “You coming too?”
Natasha could not hold back her twitch as her entire body jerked from her surprise. She questioned, “Both?”
They separated only centimeters to catch their breaths and stared into each other’s eyes. Steve grasped Tony’s cheek, his heart full and near to bursting from happiness and sorrow and he whispered with a yearning voice, “
Steve made himself, Tony, and, Thor (after asking the team if they wanted any) BLT sandwiches. Several pounds of bacon later, all three men were full.
His internal clock ticked the time away and he had to physically force himself out of the bed even though every fiber of his being told him not to. He turned back to Tony and gently tucked him.
“I remember it working,” James informed her as he mixed it all together.
them.”
And it did so while Tony was mucking around one of its abandoned buildings in the middle of nowhere in France.
Steve looked from Natasha to James and a wary expression came over his face. He looked down and whispered to himself, “Is this real?”
Steve stared at his best friend with wide eyes and Bucky continued, "If I go there with all of the stones, I can catch her before she dies and use the stones to make Clint believe she was dead and then give him the soul stone from the glove. Our past will not change...expect for that the fact that Natasha will survive."
Peter quickly sat up and nearly ran out of the room. His dad had been pulling all-nighters in the lab and Peter felt like he had barely seen him the last fewdays. He felt uneasy when he was not around for long periods and irrationally feared losing him too.
Tony spoke first and was going to mention some fond memories he had of his late husband. He envisioned sharing them and maybe crying a little but, mostly, he hoped to be able to share with their friends what Steve meant to him…He started off with how they first met and how he thought Steve to be a stuck-up jerk which drew a few chuckles from the gathered company and a small smile to Tony’s lips. He moved on and talked about befriending and eventually falling in love with the super soldier.
Tony was alive.
Peter’s arms were around him in seconds and he pushed Wade out into the hallway and into the opposite wall. Peter’s tongue was down his throat in seconds and his body was pressed into his, moving almost sensually against his hips.
But now their cuddle session was coming to an end and Tony only wanted to get Steve back into his arms.
! But I didn’t know you could turn my muscles into
Tony smirked and returned the baby to his side and pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips. He murmured into Steve’s mouth, “Let’s take our first family photo.”
Eddie stared at the beaker with hard eyes and then slowly raised his head with his fists relaxing. He whispered, “If it had something stable to latch on…we could piggyback its stabilization. It needs a stronger core…”
Pepper held up her hand to silence him and stated, “I could only love one part of you. I could only love Tony. My heart wasn’t strong enough to take on what was needed to love and accept Iron Man as well.”
“We’re going to come out and get married all in one night,” Tony said. “…Actually, we’re planning to do it in two days. We wanted to do it tomorrow but Pepper would kill us if we gave her such short notice!”
He was originally going to move out with Steve and the Commandos but he didn’t want to get in their way. He also doubted he could keep from flirting with Steve or resist touching him so soon after their spectacular night and morning of love making. Being in such close corridors with the Commandos and other soldiers would mean they’d get noticed right away. Tony knew himself well enough not to risk it.
She felt no sympathy for her soulmate. Whoever he was, he was already dead to her.
“Nothing too weird…got it,” Tony replied, his eyes focused on Steve’s mouth. His gaze flickered up and he asked, “So…Can we start now?”
Steve looked to Peter as Cable put his hand on his shoulder and didn’t look away as the time traveler stated, “It’s going to get bumpy.”
Steve stalked up to the edge of the desk and growled, “Let me guess, if a family member came forward then you’d be happy to produce Mary.”
It took Bruce only a few minutes to find one of his doctors. Being faced with a man who could hulk out at the slightest provocation usually got people moving to do Bruce’s bidding even when he was asking them nicely in a quiet whisper.
“He’s fine,” Natasha whispered. She was also crying but a small smile graced her lips. In a broken voice she gasped, “He beat it...”
He cautiously reached across the table with his flesh hand and lightly grasped Natasha’s hand. His hands were calloused and the large juncture between his thumb and forefinger was layered with scars from the backlash of the various guns he had used over the years. But the rough hands were warm and gentle. Like a nervous cat, she silently calmed under the light caress of his toughened fingers. He roughly whispered, “I don’t want them to take this from me.”
“Until your birthday, yes,” Tony countered.
He leapt to his feet and hissed, “
Steve remembered Tony moaning after taking a bite of a sinfully good burger and the memory of noise tipped Steve over the edge.
After some food, two cups of coffee, and tensely keeping an eye on his boyfriend and father, Peter was feeling much more awake. A shadow of exhaustion still lingered in his muscles but he was able to ignore its presence with the help of caffeine.
If Bucky continued Steve knew he would not be able to stop him.
“Everything will be alright,” Tony assured his creation, stepping away.
Steve smiled sheepishly and slowly lumbered out. Bucky watched him go until he disappeared and then finally turned his attention to Tony.
Tony insisted on babying him and had dried him off, helped dressed him, and reapplied his new bandages. Tony only covered the burns on Steve’s face despite wanting to wrap his hands as well. Steve’s flesh on his hands was no longer exposed so he saw no need for the protective dressings. Once his wounds were bound, Tony leaned forward lightly kissed his bandaged forehead.
Had he somehow gone back in time?
“No, why?”
“And stick your noses in everyone’s business,” Iron Man scoffed.
With a quickly paling face, Steve placed his hand over Tony’s and whispered, “He shot you in the reactor?” His eyes got bigger and Steve gasped, “Oh my God, this-this is new! He destroyed the reactor?”
“Laze around and watch you work,” Steve teased. “It seems like the perfect vacation.”
“If you do, I’ll kick your ass, little punk.”
From the not so distant past, Steve’s voice whispered in his ear,
He was sitting next to Panzer in one of the loading trucks, watching the formations of the 107
Steve called out to Tony, knowing he was there, knowing he had to be able to hear him, but he got no reply…
Steve snorted and they tried to keep quiet as they changed places but it was hard because they did so while trying to touch each other as much as possible.
She smirked and said, “I’ll quiz you on it to see if it is the style you remember. I haven’t had the chance to train in Sambo in a long while. It’ll be nice to practice with someone competent enough in the style.”
They shared another kiss and then exchanged happy smiles.
A particular expression crossed her face and she replied, “I feel no pain…but –.”
He returned to the engine, but his heart wasn’t in it. He didn’t even attempt to fiddle with it. It upset him to know Steve was still hurting. He so badly wanted to know more but he knew if he pressed the issue, Peggy would press him for more information.
Natasha’s clenched fists trembled.
He placed his hands on Steve’s chest and asked in a low whisper, “What kind of look was it?”
“MJ, stop!” Peter gasped and she hit him
of all people.
“I think shawarma is my new favorite food,” Tony mumbled.
, he had to go about it a different route. If he left the Tower, Pepper would notice and if he stayed Steve would check in on him.
Peter went back to the penthouse tired, nervously excited, but mostly uncertain. He was happy that the experiment stabilized but was unhappy by how that came about and how it was compromising their work.
They parked in the garage and Tony was ready to run upstairs and immediately start making love to his super soldier.
“I should really get going,” Tony murmured.
The corner of Steve’s mouth tugged upward and he wordlessly nodded. Tony was the same arrogant, annoying man he’d fought with but, it seemed, there was another side to him. And Steve wanted to find out more, the man was his soulmate after all.
Rogers had been in a similar situation over 70 years ago. He had received injuries no normal human should have survived just as he did a week ago. And he had also been unconscious as he healed and remained unconscious like he was now.
“W-We did not have sex,” Steve gasped, turning to Tony.
“Your doctor would be so pissed if he found out what we are doing,” Tony gasped.
Next Time, Ch.11: Fugitives in Love
Tony greedily took in Steve’s nude form. The man was a work of art. He had run his hands countless over it but would never get enough of it.
“I’m glad you are glad, my Darling,” Steve replied and his smirk told Tony Steve knew exactly who he was trying to annoy and he was joining in. Tony grinned at him. He loved Steve’s spunky side. Hell, who was he kidding? He loved everything about his Honey-Pie.
Tony had text him earlier that morning saying,
He couldn’t finish his thought as the irrational guilt washed over him.
Steve nodded and said, “Yes, nice to meet you!”
Steve slid into the luxury car and was surprised to see a carseat for Peter. It looked like Peter’s highchair with a gold body and red cushioning. The straps were the stars and stripes of the US flag and Steve instantly knew it was another one of Tony’s creations. The man thought of everything and managed to insert a bit of flare as always…
“You two,” she replied, pointing between Steve and Tony.
Happy was waiting for him in one Tony’s cars and opened the door for him. Steve slid inside and released a deep sigh as he settled into the seat. His arm felt abnormally light and he felt exposed and weaker without the shield in his possession. He checked his phone but had no alerts and the communicator in his ear had been silent since he left.
“There has to be another way, Steve!”
Steve pushed the screen toward him when he caught sight of himself on it and playfully asked, “What is that?”
She shook her head and, with a trembling voice, she whispered, “I promise.”
“I think he might want to be with me too,” Tony replied hopefully and Pepper’s expression softened. She put down her papers and leaned forward, closer to the screen.
He imagined pressing the larger man into his bed. He imagined rough lips and rougher hands sliding across his skin. He imagined the soft pants Wade would make, similar to his own.
He shook his hand to try and dispel the feeling, but it didn’t work.
Ben sat down on one of the couches and pulled his wife down with him. May had paled a considerable degree and had placed a hand over her heart. She turned to her husband and asked, “Why did you never tell me?”
All he could think about was Bucky.
Tony hurried over to one of the seats sitting in front of Pepper’s desk and sat down as he turned to the first page and started reading.
She was standing in front of him, right in the middle of the hall. Only Wade saw her. Only Wade
Tony pressed his face into his boyfriend’s chest and reminded him, “I love you. No matter what happens, I am going to stick to your side, teasing and mortifying you all along the way…”
He stared at Tony for a bit, but the man remained unchanging and Howard’s mind continued to churn uneasily. He picked his notebook off the ground and opened it up where he left off, writing formulas to create a new element for Tony’s reactor. He hadn’t found the right balance yet nor did he have any idea how he was going to make it but…he had to do something…
Steve tucked him back into his side and murmured, “Alright, alright…let’s find you something to eat…”
Peter smiled and any doubts she had about this were totally obliterated.
Steve looked up from his rucksack and asked, “What’s wrong?”
– really?
–!” Peter begged as his fingers dug into his arms. “I promise! Just –
“Hey,” Steve murmured. “Stop overthinking. You know that I like to kiss that little furrow between your brows when you start overthinking and you know where that usually leads…”
Steve’s brows pinched together and he rounded  Tony to stand before him. He stopped him by grasping his arms and Tony swayed a little. Steve demanded, “What did you say?”
The men beside her tensed as their eyes fell on their tormentor.
“Why haven’t you ever told me?”
If Steve told him Peter didn’t want to see him then even his husband’s presence wouldn’t stop him from reaching for the bottle.
Tony darkly mulled over it. Steve was born in an era that outlawed what they were going to portray and his own religion called it a sin… He may have adapted to the 21
The breath caught in Tony’s throat. Steve had been running around like crazy today and even Tony could see he was taking on way too much but…but he still took the time out of his busy schedule to get Tony some over-extravagant cream just because his skin was a little irritated.
“Hey,” Tony said, grasping Steve’s forearm. Steve twitched and then looked at him questionably, Steve’s gaze still stoic and uncertain. Tony murmured, “It’s all going to be alright, Steve. These guys are going to help us out.”
“I am not in the Science Division and I was not actively looking for a dead man,” she retorted dryly. “Listen, Coulson, all I can tell you is that he kept to himself and was uninteresting until he leapt off the ship and was never heard from again. I can give his last known location at least but his mental state…I can’t help you.”
Eddie nodded and then hugged Peter tightly. Peter was a little taken aback and he murmured, “Eddie?”
[Holy ever-lovin’ Goddamn fuckity fuck fuck.]
“And Steve is gay, which, in the 21
, was like a blow to the gut. He could not imagine the horrors of two skyscrapers falling would have been like. The United States was still whole, at least, and had gone through a lot of change.
Everyone piled into the elevator to go down to the ground floor and then home but Peter stopped himself. He wasn’t going down anymore. His life was upstairs now. Another reminder that he literally and figuratively lived on a different level than everybody else.
Tony sat up so sharply that Steve yelped in pain.
“Fine,” Steve replied. He joked, “I just got some sand in some very uncomfortable places right now!”
The older man made a beeline straight for the coffee without so much as a good morning.
His blurry gaze focused on his father’s figure in his doorway. Tony was standing there in his pajamas looking flushed. Steve strolled up behind Tony and sheepishly murmured, “Sorry, Pete…”
Peter’s heart leapt into his throat and lodged itself there. He gargled, “Y-You mean I c-c-can go home??”
Peter got out of bed and went to the kitchen, running his hand through his hair and yawning.
“I was just thinking of the last time we slept together and how
“…Should I be expecting Iron Man or Captain America knocking down my door soon? Because then I need to get my autograph booklet out!”
He developed a fever and didn’t seem able to break it. He lived in the infirmary now but, even with all the medical attention, he wasn’t getting any better.
“Hi, Peter!” Steve said, “You can keep calling me Steve or whatever else you want.”
Tony pulled off the goggles and caught Steve’s hand before he could pull back. He kissed the palm of his hand and whispered into his flesh, “He’s your best friend and last year was nothing. There is no need to thank me. I love you, Steve.”
The quartermaster was alone with the main supplies. His team had yet to arrive to start packing, so Steve was able to get a tub with the promise to bring it back within the hour.
“My head,” Tony groaned.
Tony stepped out of the suit control holograms and turned over to a private channel. To Steve alone, he whispered, “We…our past selves are looking at the pictures.”
“I pretty much am already on the team…but I need to patrol the streets too…”
“I will not be able to hold the reflective fields up for more than an additional five minutes, sir,” the AI retorted.
[No more lonely fantasies for us!]
“You keep telling me to live my life but my life is completely restricted!” Peter hissed. “The only time I’m free is when I’m Spider-Man but, even then, you don’t want me to go out in my costume!”  Peter took a deep breath and then stated, “Unlock my computer. I am going on the internet.”
Tony spared the sky one last glance and then murmured, “I think my suit is following us from above…I thought I saw a distortion...”
The body was covered with a yellow tarp and she ripped it off.
went great. The news cast was welcoming and the interview was full of energy and positive interest. People genuinely were interested in his and Peter’s story and Tony was happy to share. He gushed about Peter and how brilliant he was. He also revealed Steve’s adopting him and how much Steve also loved Peter.
Tony dropped the tools in his hands and ruined all the work he had done for the last hour as they broke the sensitive chips. He didn’t notice. He could barely breathe.
gay right now.” Steve was the opposite of gay. Why would he be happy about this predicament??
“Sorry to break it to you, but I’m not going anywhere anytime soon,” Tony weakly teased, his thumb lightly caressing Steve’s cheek.
“Wha-?” She gasped.
The oh too familiar bright lights surround him and his hand reached to his side unconsciously feeling for Tony’s hand. When he met nothing but air, he bitterly shut it and dropped his head as they were whisked away to the past.
Natasha curled her fingers into his but was silent for a long time before she finally stated, “Leaving the Academy isn’t so simple.”
“Going-Going-Go-,” Tony was cut off with a grunt. The house collapsed further and loud bangs and explosions sounded over the phone’s speakers. Tony grunted, yelped, and then moaned painfully.
“Will you be our escort?” Tony asked cheekily.
“I literally had icicles growing on me,” Steve added with a chuckle. “But Tony rubbed me down, even took my hands and warmed them up nicely with his breath.” He ran his fingers together and smiled down at his hand with a slight flush from the memory. Steve had been harboring a crush on Tony for weeks and when Tony’s mouth came so close to his flesh and his hot breath warmed his skin, Steve became more than flustered.
“I’m hacking the cameras. I just need to see him. I have to know he is fine,” Tony replied without looking up.
The blue was the same blue from Pops’ Captain American uniform. From Pops, Peter learned the hard lesson of sacrifice: the cost it could have on oneself and your family. Pops knew sacrifice was a necessity and it was only with the strength of his heart was he able to carry the burden which it entails.
Steve chewed on his lip nervously. Coulson had lifted the restriction on Bucky’s living conditions two months ago. Bucky was allowed to leave the Tower unaccompanied. The prospect still made Steve uneasy. He had seen Bucky slip into his Winter Soldier state that was uncaring and ignorant of the value of life. He was the only one on the team that could get him out of it and he had to do it a number of times as Bucky remembered more pieces of his past. It had been many months since his last episode and supposedly Bucky was in control now but it still made Steve nervous.
Bucky took him to his room first and, after showing him the room and balcony, he made Steve change into his spare clothes so he could burn the cheesy shirt Steve was wearing. Steve was happy to oblige and changed into more neutral clothing.
. Not just us or Bucky. There is the fate of the
“It was really horrible,” Mary whispered, her gaze falling down. “…And you probably want to know how I survived.”
“We did something—something foolish that made Hulk and Venom take power and kill. We’re guilty of that. Yet, us –
Tony shook his head and whispered, “I couldn’t chance it. When the events unfolded like they did in my timeline, I saw it as a sign that I could right the future and save you from the fate of the Winter Soldier and the rest of the world from Hydra…I just…I just wanted to make everything right, Steve. I can barely live with myself for what I’ve done…but, if this is the last thing I do, I need to save the future at least.”
This was going to be more fun than Budapest.
Bucky leaned into Steve’s side and gently whispered, “None of the others looked at you like he does.” With his hopes suddenly rising, Steve turned and saw Bucky smiling at him with a soft smirk. Bucky continued, “He’s also befriended you.
my boyfriend. And for some reason that insane boyfriend is complaining about my wisecracks when he should be worrying about himself! I am a little stressed out right now!”
“Just do it!”
Tony drew away and Steve’s body instantly became cold. He dug his fingers into Tony’s sides and wrapped his legs around him, not wanting him to go. What remained of his once-best shirt hung dejectedly off his arms. Tony grinned down at him then drew off his own shirt. The light of the arc reactor was free to shine and Steve’s gaze was immediately drawn to the cerulean blue glow.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline and he was jogging to the side-yard, gasping, “
He had a countdown.
Tony laughed and said, “Well, we figured since we were throwing a big party already…”
?? Were you too busy this last week to realize the blood sample you had was a fake?? Or that we had been talking to a cyborg the last few days? Wasn’t robotics your specialty?” Steve hissed.
“I am going to gag up my breakfast if this love-dovey routine continues,” Clint groaned to Natasha.
She laid out the facts of the matter: Tyler was an ex-employee and was fired for invading the Avengers’ privacy. She stole Steve’s ejaculate from the trash. Steve did not know of her existence until Tyler made her accusation. She has records of being mentally unstable. Steve and the Avengers were filing lawsuits against her for harassment, false charges, invasion of privacy, theft, and a number of others involving her criminal activities. Steve, meanwhile, had no history of committing any types of sexual assault and was currently in a stable relationship –.
