And as much as Steve was immediately resistant to the idea of Tony going away, for however long… he was
And Steve glanced over at Tony, and watched him take a little USB pen out of his pocket, and press a button on the side – a button Steve knew meant ‘
He heard Tony hum a warm smile, rocking into Steve very gently, sending a ripple of friction through the very core of him.
And then, with the flick of a button, he was gone. Clicked out of existence, as though he’d never even been there - already washing up on a windy beach frequented by dog walkers, a few hours after SHIELD had expanded their arial search for him.
of them were probably rational, balanced problems with the approach you were taking, that maybe I could’ve
“What if I asked to see the records from Operation Rebirth?” He asked, deliberately softening his voice and adopting a less combative stance.
Steve had barely made it into the house before Tony was throwing his arms around him and burying his face in his neck.
It was a lot like the first room - huge and white, with the same floor to ceiling windows on all sides. The only difference was that this room was sparsely furnished with low, white fabric couches and gold leafed coffee tables and pink-tinted neon light fixtures… Like the cover of Town & Country Magazine from the future.
He, Sam, Bucky and Bruce were greeted far too enthusiastically for Tony’s liking, and then immediately shown through to a huge pink and gold marquee. It was filled with people in flamboyant outfits, all of whom were engaged in over-the-top voice exercises or throwing dramatic shapes at one another, like a grotesque parody of a Broadway audition.
It wasn’t about any of the disagreements they’d ever had, or any of the things they’d done to each other.
He huffed petulantly, and put his phone back into his pocket with a bit too much force. Sulking at himself. But, ultimately, he knew it was a bad idea
“I never know how you’re about to get yourself killed,” Steve muttered, through gritted teeth. “You’re unpredictable like that.”
Immediately, Steve felt a resistance to answering him. Which was probably down to his usual defensiveness - it wasn’t as though he’d
Tony’s low groaning was cut into a jagged, stuttered cry, breaking every time Steve pushed into him, moving higher in his chest as that pressure built again-
, obviously. But what I mean is – I still did all of those things, whether you noticed it or not. I do know all the things you’ve been through, and even if it turns out that they don’t bother you – well, it should probably have occurred to me that they
Tony took another step away from Steve and covered his face with his hands. He felt lightheaded and very heavy, all at once.
And then he remembered the simple human happiness that lit up Steve’s whole face, when Tony said he’d like to help Steve learn more about vampires.
How his persona might be changed by this change to the foundations of it… How much of it would become a self fulfilling prophecy-
The flash of panic as he looked up at Bucky, the flood of relief when realised that neither of them was hurt… melting into an anxious sort of confusion…
For the first time since this horrible idea first wormed its way into the plan, Steve didn’t flinch away from it. He forced himself to imagine what it was really going to be like, watching those Super Soldiers come for Tony. How he would really feel…
An unexpected laugh bubbled over Steve’s lips - at the strangeness of the question, or the silliness of the situation, or the sheer ridiculousness of the answer… he didn’t even know.
, in the new timeline, there were just people that Steve wasn’t fond of? Even if they were people he
Tony’s blood flashed hot as the sound of it, that phrase echoing through his head as Steve slowly filled him up.
Steve sat down at the edge of the pool and let his legs fall into the water, kicking his feet like an excited kid. The breeze was warm and soft against his skin, carrying the scent of chlorine and jasmine and salt from the ocean. He took a long, slow breath, savouring the taste of it-
And then, just as he was trying to choose which area of devastation to move on to next, an icy-hot tingling pulled tight around his ribs, sudden and severe enough to take his breath away.
he loved Steve. He’d only ever really wanted to do this one way – the way where he could make Steve feel just as good and just as happy.
Already thinking he was liable to regret it, Tony let go of a weary sigh and yanked the robe over his head - taking a little too much joy in throwing the damn thing to the ground. He was thankful that he had an adolescence worth of experience in tying togas while drunk, because otherwise the task might’ve been one too many things to think about. As it was, he just about had the sheet in place when he heard the sound of shouting in the distance-
Steve could feel his lungs burning, his ribs straining against the effort of containing it, like all these pleas and promises were literally building up in his chest-
He thought about the rest of his life. The massive list of issues he’d had before any of this happened, and all the ways they really didn’t help things now.
He would’ve told Steve exactly how much he adored him, and pledged his eternal, undying loyalty, and confessed every delirious impulse he’d had since they met - and any other thought that occurred to him.
Tony could have ignored all of those thoughts. It wasn’t really in him to consider those thoughts, in fact. He could quite easily have let all of that get swept away with the ebb and flow of his mood.
Bruce had decided to go with Team Folk Dancing because, as he put it, he’d had his fill of the Bulsaran ecosystem for one lifetime. Pepper and Nat had gone with Team Flower Show because, in their words, Tony’s plan was stupid and there was no way they were breaking into a random tower.
“Not anymore,” he replied, with an ancient sort of resignation. And then he turned to gesture to the wide stone platform that they were still hoovering at the edge of,
That, and his attention kept getting snagged by Steve, who was pacing around at the back of the living room and talking on his phone.
An alarm sounded in Tony’s head. Warning him to dissuade Steve from launching a full-on interrogation, in this state. He knew they were dangerously close to Steve forgetting they were supposed to be undercover at all…
“Son of a bitch,” Tony muttered, scrambling after him - catching up just as Bucky got a hand to the door.
His mind was working on autopilot by now, just shuffling through all the giddy anxieties he’d spent the whole day on. Most of it had lost all meaning hours ago.
This wasn’t a complicated mix of hurt and love and longing and loss that had been given voice by a drug.
My sincere apologies that this update comes a few hours late - my internet connection decided to take the whole of bank holiday Monday off, like it *knew* I was waiting to post something... (unimpressed emoji)
Steve was halfway between the fourteen and fifteenth floor of the Tower, foot already raised to take his next step, when it occurred to him that he didn’t have the first clue where he was going.
He’d learned how to defend himself in every battle of wits, every battle of will, every competition he could be objectively strong enough or fast enough to win - but there was no point trying to change people’s
Tony’s head swam as he finally lifted his head. He had to take a moment to take a deep breath, and wait for his vision to clear-
was something separate, important… intimate. This was something they both had to be sure of – something they both had to
It rushed up along his back, pulling a friction up from low in his hips, his neck and shoulders throbbing in time with his racing heart. He could feel the blood rushing through his veins, hot and electric, teasing to the tip of every limb, touching every part of him.
that was just the example I remembered. From before I realised all this. The… fact that I was so hurt, after that outburst, when you came back from space… that’s just the one I
They had both been so willing to help him, so enthusiastic about their task… So careful not to push him. Careful
He kept expecting to see some sort of mark on his skin, although he wasn’t sure what it would look like, exactly. It didn’t feel like a bruise or a burn or a scar… It just felt
“So, how’re you feeling?” Tony asked, as he handed Steve his mug and sat down at the other end of the couch. Steve exhaled heavily.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure how they made it to Tony’s bedroom. He had the vaguest recollection of Tony leading him up the stairs – specifically, he remembered the way Tony’s thumb seemed to caress against his wrist… But not much else.
Unfortunately, for a second or two, he couldn’t think where to find it, because he just was so blindsided by having her turn up
Seemingly out of nowhere, Steve found himself musing that this was the first time he’d ever been on Tony’s floor of the Tower. It was his first conscious thought since they’d left the hotel, and it had the same effect as when a teacher used to snap him out of a daydream with a question. Immediately, he scrambled to place where he was and what he’d missed - with no real urgency, at first.
safe, when he could really believe that at least the worst was behind him - moments when he was very aware of how much better that was…
Tony felt a more genuine smile warm through, as Pepper reeled off all the little details she’d gathered about this text. Of course, he’d not told her everything that was going on – so far, neither she nor Rhodey even knew that he’d been drinking Steve’s blood, much less that Tony had actually bitten him. He’d not really given either of them an explanation, when he’d asked for their help in researching this, after all this time-
Tony was on his feet immediately, already scanning the room for threats. He knew he should call Steve before he opened the door, that literally anyone could be on the other side of it… But he also knew Steve was in the shower. Subconsciously, he knew better than to think too hard about Steve in the shower – which meant he couldn’t really evaluate whether it was best to drag him out of it…
A few hours later and Steve was still lying on the couch, staring up at the ceiling, a dreamy smile on his face. He’d been in that same position since he’d kissed Tony goodbye, watching a reel of wonderful memories and excited plans play in his mind-
“What, no, nothing,” Nat shook her head, frowning at Tony’s bizarre reaction. “No, it was just… complicated, and boring, and… tense, that’s all.”
He was stunned, rather than numb. He definitely felt things, but apparently his brain had short circuited entirely, and couldn’t process any of it. He could only nod, not sure himself whether it meant
He melted into Steve’s chest, instinctively trusting that Steve would support him - knowing that he was
Calculating quickly, he realised that he had to do something to get Stape to come close to him… but, ideally, something that wouldn’t put him on the defensive…
The smell hit him before he’d even gotten the vial to his lips… a sharp, rancid smell, like curdled milk. He tried to brace, and took a huge mouthful, thinking it might be easier to get it over and done with as quickly as possible –
“Good, that’s important,” She assured him, leaning forward “There’s a reason that we only allow couples to take this drug – the same reason that the Varians only ever brewed this for couples…”
His focus began to widen, his gaze settling somewhere beyond the horizon as he fell deeper into his own head.
that loyal. You can’t say, yeah, I do think there is an army of Super soldiers, and I really would like your help with this, but could you be just a
“Which makes it the best that anywhere in the universe has to offer,” the first one clarified, “the greatest performers and creators and artists in existence have gathered here - to stage their championship competitions, and perform their greatest works, and to provide the delicacies that will be available to you throughout your stay.”
, that he should have put a stop to this – if not when he and Tony had been partnered up, then when they’d realised that The Facility could only be accessed via magic portal. He thought back to that secret location out in the desert, to the space that had opened in the air, like one of Strange’s portals without the sparkles. It’d looked a lot more sinister without the sparkles. And the ‘agent’ gesturing at it, a salesman’s smile still plastered on his face, even though Tony’s cheque was already folded into his back pocket… The strange colour of the earth, on the other side of the doorway… It’d all turned Steve’s stomach.
were all the same thing - and it already made sense to him. He didn’t have to wonder what Captain America would make of it, or how it fit with any of his other fixed ideals. He knew what he thought.
“No, well, you were always more understanding of me,” he smiled. “You always accepted my apologies, and forgave my mistakes… And I’ve always been really hard on you. I expected so much more of you, and then I took it for granted, and then when you did make a mistake I judged it so harshly-”
Wasn’t going to make Tony feel better, was it? He’d been terrified of that thought anyway, before ‘the event’. That’s
going horribly wrong was still there, and still terrifying, and of a different thing entirely to his harmless anxieties about whether or not Tony liked him…
Tony would’ve liked to ask why they ever needed to so bluntly dissect his personality - what even gave them the right - if he was obviously capable of fixing their mess regardless.
of his life, and not a just a party to it. If it hadn’t taken him this long to ask himself what sort of a friend he really was to
If he hadn’t been so completely lost in his own arousal, he probably would’ve paused to worry about that... As it was, he
But Steve hadn’t said any of those things. Steve had just stood there and stared at him, before destroying Tony’s life in a single word.
. “Bucky Barnes is being used as a weapon of mass destruction by Hydra, right now - and also, Hydra used him to murder my parents. And also,” and he gave up with the counting thing completely, instead throwing his arms out in a gesture to everything, generally, “SHIELD is being run by Hydra, a Norse God is out there somewhere planning an attack against earth, and a mad Titan is already out there collecting Infinity Stones as part of a plan to kill half of all life in the universe - which you already watched him do, once?”
He already knew Pepper would leave with any information she wanted – she always did, and half the time he didn’t even know it.
to build the replacement. The team that runs the body that oversees what superheroes do - built on all the things I’ve learned
. They wouldn’t give anyone the opportunity to stop them, or corrupt their plan. He’d never find himself looking at Zan, or someone she’d left behind, and having to tell them,
Not that he had any problem saying it all again. Actually, the thought of sitting down with Tony and talking through all the things he did, and how sorry he was… was also strangely nice. At least considering how frightened he’d always been of the idea. And it really didn’t frighten him anymore – if Tony
Steve snapped up to look at Tony again, a sudden heat running up the back of his neck as he realised the significance… As he recognised Tony’s reaction for what it was.
And – whether it was right or wrong or fair or otherwise – he felt like Steve had needed Tony to have that rant, before he
“God Tony, yes, please yes,” Steve begged, as Tony started to move inside him with slow, deliberate thrusts. Tony watched, mesmerised, as Steve rolled up to meet his movement, his cock twitching against his stomach, his muscles tightening under Tony’s palm...
“Uh, yeah, sure, right…” Bucky muttered, glancing awkwardly back to the examination table, like he was trying to remember what he did next.
Tony felt Steve arch up against him, somewhat tentatively - like he was making sure he was allowed to. Tony responded by rolling his hips, deliberately grinding into him-
“Yeah, I think so… you kind of lose track, until you look up the date, you know?” She commented lightly, like she was expecting him to relate.
Steve could feel a genuine temper getting the better of him, so he took a moment to swallow it down.
… But, yeah, he’d also spent a few hours wondering what that silence meant. Analysing all the things Tony
As he’d finally started to unpack everything that had happened to him in the last twenty-four hours, Tony had been delighted to realise that so many of his questions had real answers now. His vague anxieties had been given context and explanation. He had a structure through which to think about things - a genuine starting point, after all those false alarms.
But, as it was, every time Steve tried to stop himself from rambling about Tony, Bucky would leap in with another question about him. Every time Steve tried to steer the conversation back to something professional, Bucky would nudge him back the other way. Whenever Steve said he felt bad, for getting excited over such a traumatic thing, Bucky would roll his eyes and say it
…And then, as they were still walking, he felt the world come slightly back towards focus. At least compared to the all-encompassing wave that had hit him when they first walked in
Tony would’ve liked to veto that idea, just because it added to what had already been a very long walk. Instead, he gave a tired nod and forced himself to his feet.
Was it more like the relationship between a drug dealer and a client… and which one was Tony, in that analogy?
And at that exact moment, Tony’s stomach gave a loud and painful rumble – as though it was trying to be spiteful. Reminding him of exactly what he was.
Something that could shatter the fragile happiness Steve had built and take from him the one thing that mattered - someone he couldn’t bear to live without.
that had happened last night, Bucky would want to talk about it… And Steve didn’t want to bother with that distraction, right now. His head was too focused on Tony’s suffering, his attention fully committed elsewhere. Even the thought of having to continue a conversation about something else was frustrating.
For anyone interested, this chapter does in fact mark the end of what I'd labelled 'part one' in the story plan -
Experience told him that SHIELD, and even Hydra, would try everything in their power to recruit him before the tried to take him out-
But it was better to forget. It was better to focus entirely on this one thing he was confident in, and pretend the rest of it just wasn’t happening.
“Oh, no, nothing like that,” Scaramouche reassured him - in a way that was not reassuring at all. “And, as I say, these effects are minor, and they’re temporary.”
“Shouldn’t you be getting upstairs?” He spat, physically recoiling from where Tony was standing. He was bitterly aware of how cringingly unsubtle this reaction was, but he’d already been backed into a corner. He
Smiling, Steve pressed another slow, deep kiss in that same spot, this time letting the edge of his teeth rest very gently against Tony’s skin…
“It still pisses me off that you haven’t said anything to Rhodey, just because he’s a bigger man than me and is happy to let you strut around him anyway –
. He avoided any temptation to have a look around, or steal a fleeting glance at anyone - actually, he’d have preferred it if he could avoid all people altogether, until it was time to leave…
him. He arced his back, and kicked his clothes over his feet, and stayed there completely displayed for Steve-
clear was that she was subordinate to the other guy - who was, by now, standing expectantly in front of them, clearly preparing himself to speak.
He waited for his shoulders to relax, assuming some degree of relief was about to hit him, like it usually did when his many little triggers turned out to be false alarms…
, failing this relationship that he’d committed to... or if he hated himself for clinging to this relationship even when it felt like it was falling apart-
Tony stared at the elevator doors for two impossibly long seconds before the tension got to be too much. Then he paced over to the other side of the workshop again and opened up Barnes’ medical records, just for the sake of something to do. He heard the elevator come to a soft stop and the hair on the back of his neck stood up. He resolved to ignore it.
, elements, and… The drug they’re pumping into the basement has no recognisable earth elements at all. It just really looks like they’re using a Varian drug, to do this.”
And he was cautiously reassured by the way Tony’s eyes widened in bewilderment. That was something, he supposed.
“Well, there’s not much else of interest,” Pepper told him, nonchalantly. “I understand that the recon team are still gathering intel on that black-market arms ring in Turkey, that might develop into something in the next few weeks – but that’s about it.”
Steve broke into a grin. He was responding to everything on a very basic level, and he knew immediately that he liked that reaction very much-
him,” Steve clarified, turning his attention back to the carton of Chinese, just so that he could look away from them. “I’m just saying, having met him briefly… No, none of the really wild rumours are true.” And out of the corner of his eye he saw them share a conspiratorial little glance.
“Oh, uh, yeah,” Tony replied, breaking into a grin again as he remembered Bruce’s remarkably capable performance.
“Hey,” Sam hissed, from a few dumpsters down the line. Tony looked over to see him crouching, peering between two of the bins, waving for Bucky and Tony to join him. “There’s a back door,” he explained, moving aside so that Tony could see for himself.
“Of course I forgive you.” Tony whispered, like it had been a silly question – which, okay, was a bit rich, given what Tony had been thinking a week ago… But it did seem like a silly question, now. “And… honestly, I kind of know there’s no point in me asking whether you forgive me…” Which Steve answered with a little laugh,
But when Tony opened his mouth to say it, he could only whimper – and then cry out sharply, as Steve did it again anyway. The same strong, slow stroke, the same sudden spike of pleasure – the same need.
Immediately, Steve’s head swam - but only at the sheer thrill of it. The collar itself was comfortable, nowhere near tight enough to trouble his breathing, in and of itself-
The sound of approaching footsteps caught Steve’s attention before he could spiral again. He looked up at the door of the gym, thinking that this might be actually be a welcome distraction-
Because both Tony and Steve had been petty and irritable that morning, both of them committing more firmly to their own plans as they tried to pick holes in the other’s…
singe marks and brightly coloured stains on the carpet was a miracle, really, when one considered Tony’s bold, erratic, almost
that Sam had spoken directly against Bucky’s skin. The faint sound of Bucky whispering reassurances, one hand going to the back of Sam’s neck, almost hesitantly.
Steve pulled up in front of Tony’s house just after ten that evening, so excited that he could barely sit still, every part of his very being screaming that he should
At moments like these especially, Tony could appreciate that there was nothing lesser about having Pepper as a best friend. That maybe he
, Tony,” Steve stopped him forcefully, moving closer to him and taking his hand - moving much more confidently. More instinctively.
“Understood, Sir,” JARVIS replied softly, as though he knew that none of that was really for his benefit.
him, in this moment that didn’t sum him up or represent his ideals or fit in any of the comics, because it wasn’t
Captain America… And Captain America had to be sure. Captain America was a leader. Captain America probably wouldn’t be so completely thrown, just because the most beautiful man he’d ever seen in his
deserve me, Tony.” Steve smiled “…It’s taken me nearly a decade to get here, I know, but… you’re meant to be with me, Tony. We’re meant to be together”
Tony’s expression shattered into that same honest heartbreak that Steve had seen in the bunker in Siberia - but even more beautiful on this innocent, unscarred face-
forget him, and therefore hope that Steve spent ten thousand years mourning forty - or was it worse to enter a relationship hoping that the other person can get over you without much trouble…
, and she just…” Steve explained with a baffled little breath. “And I don’t want to leave her here – and
arms, letting his fingertips trace over every sweep and curve as he pushed Steve’s shirt up towards his wrists – because he’d always wanted to.
Perhaps it was that cocktail of giddy emotions that his next question got swept along with - because it was the sort of question that he would’ve over thought himself out of asking, normally…
He hadn’t realised that Tony had to drink every day. That there would be such a visible impact to being a few hours late.
the easiest person to be around, and if I’m making things more difficult for you, it’s okay for you to… you know… To say you need to not be around that…”
“I think… Honestly, I think if you asked Steve what would make him happy, what he really cares about in life… I don’t know if he’d notice that I wasn’t even in the answer,” Tony said, and then pinched his features as though he’d bitten into something sour. “Which sounds more dramatic than I mean it to be… I just mean… I just mean, I don’t think there’s anything
Tony felt the same spike of adrenaline that he’d have felt, watching someone else walk a tightrope. The same desperation to balance something he had no actual control over. For the moment, it seemed that Belle really might be reading them as awkward and confused, that she might not be concerned… yet. But every time Steve opened his mouth, Tony braced for him to say something they wouldn’t be able to explain away. And there was only so much Tony could do to help, without making it obvious that something was going on…
He paused at his front door and let go of a long, slow breath. And then he shook out his arms, and rubbed his face, and tried to blink the shadows away from his vision...
Then it wouldn’t necessarily cost Steve anything… If Tony would be happy to adapt to whatever Steve needed, at the time.
decided to think about it for myself, I might’ve seen their point, back then… But it never occurred to me that there was anything to think about. That there was even an option…” And then he focused his gaze on Tony, melting into a more knowing smile when he added, “and then I think of you… Nick, and Coulson, and
kind, and brave, and selfless – more than anyone else on earth, more than you ever owed anyone, more than you promised. You deserve to be happy, Steve, more than anyone – and it’s
in the workshop. The rest of the room was in a state of total chaos. His appointments with Bucky were always either Med Lab appointments or workshop appointments, and Tony had never bothered to tidy one if they were going to be spending all evening in the other. He’d had no reason to think anyone would be coming down here tonight, he’d made no effort to tidy away any of the debris from his latest project – he couldn’t even remember what his latest project was, right now.
And yes, this new plan had come at him somewhat suddenly, and stirred up all sorts of deeper anxieties about what he was doing, and what might happen next…
“Yeah, I’d love too,” Tony beamed. And Steve grinned back, and dropped his eyes, the colour spreading down his neck… And then he hummed a little smile to himself, like he’d thought of something amusing. “What?” Tony asked.
“Oh please, I’ll order something like a normal person,” Tony scoffed, already pulling his phone out of his pocket.
Frowning, Tony lifted his head and did his best to blink his vision clear. The night before came back to him, along with an unspoken understanding of all the things it explained - why Steve was here with him, why he was waking up so early... why there was still a satisfying ache throbbing gently inside him…
And it wasn’t one of those times those energised, emotional moments, when Tony could have at least thrown himself into whatever train of thought he couldn’t avoid. The nights he spent having imaginary arguments or crafting elaborate explanations, categorising and re-categorising his points in a hundred different ways… Those nights were frustrating and exhausting and always made him feel guilty, but at least they filled the time. There was some structure to his pain on nights like those, some way to engage with it.
– that is only because I put my personal vanity and concepts of guilt aside, and thought about this in the first place. I
But, right now, they came as an overwhelming relief - proof that whatever existed between them wasn’t simply a side effect of something beyond their control, it hadn’t simply been triggered by them meeting one another - it had
“You know, I think you’re right,” Tony announced, softly, keeping his arms wrapped firm around Steve’s waist. Steve raised his eyebrows, and Tony smiled. “Well, there are probably still so many questions and so many things to talk about… and we can’t do that all at once. Maybe we do just have to do that one step at a time.”
party,” Nat suggested, without taking it remotely seriously - like she was trying to work out the answer to a parlour game.
If anything, Fury’s uncharacteristically gentle approach had only sent up more red flags. At once, Tony knew there was no way that Nick would
“So...What is the priority?” Steve asked, his eyebrow still raised. “Where do you want to start, I mean?”
“I know, I know,” Steve smiled sadly, sliding his phone back into his pocket as he stood up to leave.
Tony felt his vision darken at the edges, all of his senses growing sharper and narrower, focused entirely on Steve. He recognised the ache that began to pulse in his jaw. He swallowed hard, a strangely familiar, rich, sweet taste…
As Steve was talking, it finally occurred to him how long it had been since he thought back to mundane childhood memories… Because usually it felt more significant or painful than this. He usually felt too much pressure to explain the background, or to pre-empt anyone else being sad on his behalf… and yet here he was, just remembering it.
bad a liar, because he was that clever… and used to doing things that made him uncomfortable, when he had to.
Steve had pay particular attention to ensure his own legs didn’t turn to jelly, as he carried Tony Stark to bed.
“I need to borrow your car,” Tony repeated, fixing her with a serious look. Pepper stared at him for a second, and then screwed her eyes shut and shook her head.
“Hi,” Tony deadpanned. Beside him, he heard Bucky hum a smile, a little sound he recognised as a stifled laugh… And he felt his cheeks prickle in response…
Tony smiled and climbed up onto the bed, kneeling beside Steve and looking down at him as he answered,
And when Steve thought back to those first few hesitant meetings - to Tony trying so hard to sit upright, or pacing in sharp little lines at a safe distance from Steve, continuously dragging himself back to the point… Steve couldn’t help feeling a bit of progress, looking at him now.
he liked it. Whether this was a physical response or an emotional one. What exactly it made him think about, or feel, or… want. Steve would have liked a day or two to work on that. And then maybe he’d have gotten around to wondering how Tony did it, and what it meant-
He glanced across the table to where Tony was sitting, indolently scrolling through his phone. Bruce, Nat and Clint were all still taking their seats, Nick huffing impatiently at the front of the room – but Tony’s attention never flickered. Everything about him radiated a total disinterest in his surroundings, to the point of contempt. It used to annoy Steve, how completely self-absorbed Tony was in group settings. But then Steve had noticed how often Tony piped up with the answer to a problem he’d shown no interest in – or tripped Steve up with something that he
his mind come into sharper focus, as that response managed to grab his attention. There was a little loosening in his chest, a feeling of freedom, as his attention shifted to the answer Barnes had just given-
“And, I know that wasn’t exactly a balanced assessment, I wasn’t – I wasn’t even trying to be fair, I didn’t think you’d, I didn’t, I’m… sorry”
Then he’d just started tidying his workshop, barely aware he was doing it, sort of assuming that it would take hours to clear the debris… And when he’d done that, less than thirty minutes later, it finally occurred to him that Steve was more likely to end up in the kitchen-
Immediately, every muscle in Tony’s body flexed into position, every thought fell into place. He could
Bucky barely stopped to catch his breath before he turned and ripped the back of the monitor clean away, silencing that incessant alarm. It was oddly comforting – for a moment Steve could convince himself that the connection was two way, that quieting the monitor would somehow slow his heart.
And it was Bucky’s tone that made Steve’s blood run cold, even before he’d processed what Bucky had said.
Steve was distracted from his theorising before he began, when Sam murmured, and rolled over, and furrowed his brow - either trying really hard to wake up, or trying really hard not to. Steve opened his mouth to speak, and only then realised how dry his mouth was…
“It’s fine, really. It’s what we do.” She beamed, and then gave a little nod “Enjoy your evening.” And she left.
“I just… don’t like him,” Steve sighed. Bucky narrowed his eyes, but before he could comment, Steve carried on, “I
It had been a week since what Steve had dubbed ‘The Event’ in the breakroom, and he’d spent most of it panicking about having to confront the issue with Tony. He was barely able to confront it himself, yet.
He could be excited for the life he had here, and love the Tony that was real here, and care about helping the Bucky that existed here…
“Please fuck me Tony, please,” Steve sobbed, not sure where the words were even coming from anymore. Tony buried his hand deep inside Steve then, and dragged a finger roughly over that sweet spot – and waited patiently for Steve to cry out, and shudder, and tremble to a helpless stop, before he leant close and whispered,
Steve when he didn’t know what that desire might be twisted into. The deep dread of one day wanting to hurt Steve the way Obie had hurt him – or, worse still, one day believing it was the
How Steve knew Tony’s movements well enough to meet them so naturally, why he was so completely powerless against Tony’s intentions…
that looked exhausted - even though he hadn’t asked nearly as many questions as Steve was expecting, or really said very much at all…
As it turned out, Tony had gone to the kitchen to get glasses and ice. The gym bag apparently contained
Steve remembered being on that huge stage, surrounded by intricate light displays, listening to the sound of his own voice booming from the speakers - and thinking how thirsty he was.
He knew that Steve had never been allowed to let go like this - that he longed for it and struggled with it in equal measure.
All he had to do was keep his head, remember all the things he’d learned, and stick with the plan that was so far making his every wish come true…
“Oh God please, please Tony please,” Steve babbled mindlessly, even as he was registering the heavy metallic sound of a zipper being pulled. He realised in time to look up and see Tony’s pants hanging open, slung low over his hips, while Tony worked a hand over his cock.
remembered Pepper and Nat saying that they were going to find Rhodey and Tony - enough that he didn’t worry that they weren’t here.
By the time of the fourth appointment, Steve had stopped pretending they weren’t the highlight of his week.
, and I don’t know if I’ve made a huge mistake in coming here, or if I’m doing something terrible to you, and I’m sorry. I’m sorry I can’t do more than say that. I would say more, if I could just…” But she broke off into her own frustration, clearly unable to find the words. Very carefully, Steve put a hand on her shoulder.
drunk, and tried to jump up and sit on the bar of this pub we were in, and fell right over the back of it – that’s what Bucky was referring to.”
He recognised that what he had in this one moment was more than most people got to feel in a lifetime.
Tony made use of the pause by taking a few heavy steps over to a nearby armchair, and falling into it with a groan.
weird. Maybe it should bother me. But it doesn’t … I guess, really, I’m just making sure that it doesn’t bother you…” And then it was like he caught himself, a self-aware little smile pinching his lips before he shook his head, and sighed, “well, no, that’s not really true.
Steve had watched the blush running up Tony’s neck, the whole time he’d been talking. He’d seen the rapidly increasing effort it took for Tony to maintain eye contact. And now he saw Tony swallow hard, and open his mouth for words he hadn’t actually found yet, and Steve was more sure than ever that he was right.
He’d forgotten all about the wider context and the later repercussions and all the ways his words might be interpreted – all the things that had ever stopped him speaking, before.
“Hm,” Tony nodded, sitting down next to Bucky and picking up his tools again. “Well, it doesn’t fix the real issue, I know – but, for what it’s worth, I can promise you
, he didn’t have the chance to talk to Steve just then. Whatever else he was confused about, it was obvious that they couldn’t have this conversation with Bucky waiting awkwardly on the side-lines. So, Tony had done his best to get on with the task in hand, all the while trying frantically to remember what his original plan had been – trying to convince himself that he’d been on the right track with it, before this entirely irrational, purely emotional response had thrown him for a loop.
the truth about how he felt… But whether he fully understood the effects of this planet, he just knew that he was living through them, that he’d just experienced first-hand the ‘more open, more relaxed, lack of inhibition’ that Dev was sugar coating. The
As he trudged through to his little living area he glanced up at the clock, willing it to be later than he already knew it was-
And then Tony pulled back, so that he could thrust into Steve slow and deep, quickly falling into that new rhythm. A soft moan fell over Steve’s lips, as that comfort heated into a more present pleasure, that grinding satisfaction that pulled him out of the clouds and into this sensation instead.
at that. Like he really was relieved that they might’ve finally reached the criticism potion of this… And Steve pulled his arms around him tighter and breathed him in before he carried on,
“You’re perfect like this,” Tony soothed, running a playful fingertip up along the centre of Steve’s chest, to the top button of his shirt. “I
that this was all getting a bit too much, that he needed to take a moment to breathe - that he needed to step out of this mission entirely, find somewhere
A horrible relief, in that moment. Like he’d just hacked off a wounded limb. The same relief you might feel when a loved one finally loses a long battle with a painful illness, or when the enemy finally break through that line you knew you never had any chance of holding… the relief that comes
Steve had no intention of letting SHIELD dictate his behaviour in the long term - he certainly didn’t intend to hide from them. But, if he was honest, he would prefer not to have to deal with them
The blonde guy walked into the room, carrying yet another tray. Behind him was a redhaired woman, holding a polished wooden panel, a little larger than a pillow. Tony’s eyes naturally followed them, and their activity, as Belle carried on talking – his attention still mainly focused on his own shoulder.
“No, Tony,” Steve stopped him, grabbing hold of both of his shoulders and fixing him with a serious look. “I
really wish I could’ve explained all this when I wasn’t high - but you just don’t have endless time to figure this shit out. You’re fucking yourself over and you’re hurting his feelings and literally all you have to do is
think of, a memory that always had the power to just drag all the air from his lungs and flood him with misery-
the spikes of rage and sheet depth of injustice that he’d not felt since then… The internal logic of irrational emotions, the sheer pace of his thoughts… So
sense… But it would probably get the job done, and that was all Tony cared about. He’d forgotten all about it, even as he was shoving his phone back into his pocket – because he was already thinking ahead to the next thing.
“Hm,” Tony considered Bucky’s shoulder for a moment. “About here?” He guessed, gesturing vaguely to one of the panels on Bucky’s upper arm.
The sequence of events came to Tony more easily now; the sonic attack that sent the staff running for cover, the sound of an alarm blaring above their heads. The commotion as whichever super soldiers were already out of cryofreeze came running to assault them. The command,
“They’re still trying to sell you on the ol’ Talko then?” Tony asked, warmly, as Steve unfolded the paper.
Or maybe it was a universal human thing, to be shocked to realise how young your own parents were, that the people you once thought of as old were really so young at the time…
By the time Steve had weaved his way over to him, Rhodey had apparently become engrossed - or ensnared - in a conversation with a very enthusiastic grower. Steve caught up to them as the guy was breathlessly asking
“And this” And Steve put a folded piece of paper in her other hand. “Just give these to The Avengers, and answer their questions, and you’ll be fine”
But nothing came out when he tried to say it, his throat was still too tight, there still wasn’t enough air-
think he’d had some good and important points. Some of which he was already glad he’d said out loud, however this worked out.
Instead, Steve sprinted through the Tower as quickly as he ever had on the battlefield, wilfully oblivious to the strange looks he was getting. He was in and out of his own room so fast that the door didn’t have time to close behind him - a pitstop he only bothered with because it was something that Tony had asked for. And then, at long last, he was on his way down to the workshop.
He couldn’t bring himself to be rude, and he still flinched away from anything spiteful - but he couldn't bring himself to make the effort, either.
gentle, and emotional, and… whatever it was, it stopped Steve in his tracks. He felt his heart swell suddenly, like it was reaching out to whatever it’d just heard in Tony’s voice. “My point – that I’m not sure I’m going to be able to make, before I’m just high as a kite, but –
have bothered with a cursory question about how Bucky was feeling – if Bucky had let him. But, before Steve could even start the engine, Bucky leapt in with a teasing observation about how nervous he looked, and just like that Steve was back onto his favourite topic again.
It was a physical thing, as much as anything else. A change in the basic processes of his body… If he let himself, Tony would be able to remember the last vial of blood that wasn’t Steve’s. That sour taste, like a natural warning against poison. He couldn’t swallow it
bratty then, and combative, and – well, awful probably. But, I don’t know… I couldn’t talk like that now…”
After all those years of hating himself, it had become a habit. The curling in his gut was automatic, the instinct to flinch away from himself was as fundamental as the impulse to blink. All those thoughts still jumped into his head, fully formed and word perfect after twenty years of constant drilling-
Until he found himself wondering what Pepper would think, if she saw his drinking this amount of sweetened caffeine at 6am.
So, instead, he trailed his kisses lower, moving slowly down to Steve’s collarbone, delighting in the way he moved against him. Tony ran a hand over the centre of Steve’s chest, pausing to feel Steve’s heart beating under his palm, before he began unbuttoning his shirt. Steve sighed, happily, and arched up into Tony’s touch. Tony felt a smile warm though him, right from his gut.
There was a pleasant little ache in Tony’s legs as he finally took the weight off of them. Nowhere near what it should have been, seeing as it had been ten hours since he last sat down… But then, Tony was starting to forget how tired he was ‘supposed’ to feel, at any given point. Already, he was starting to get used to this level of endurance, taking it for granted even. He’d tried going to bed
Tony had been holding his breath the whole time Steve was talking. When he finally exhaled there was a rush of light-headedness that seemed to spread through his entire body, making everything seem lighter and more vibrant. And, before he could work out what to call this feeling, he realised what it
“Oh! Hi!” Steve responded too enthusiastically. “I’ve heard of you! ...But I don’t know why I’ve heard of you.”
them now. It wasn’t as though he was so blissed out that he’d forgotten the realities of his life. If anything…Tony felt like he understood everything
“What did you say?” He yelled, over the swell of noise that was building around them - that seemed so distant from them, somehow…
“Right, sorry. You’re right. I need to take a minute,” Tony muttered, speaking more slowly now. He took a deep breath.
Tony walk him back toward the bed as being genuinely unable to fight him. Steve stumbled back those three broad steps, his eyes still locked on Tony, his attention focused
But Tony had spent weeks carefully deflecting invitations and offers to throw parties on his behalf, all so he could have an evening to himself - to think about Steve. To be able to call Steve, and talk to him for as long as
“But, actually, I remember the first time I realised that I liked you, it was when you didn’t make a big deal about Bucky not wanting pain killers,” he carried on carefully, like a man walking a tightrope. “So, I mean, I don’t really know what’s weird or what isn’t, but, from my point of view… I met someone, I thought they were attractive, turned out I liked them. I mean…”
. That desperation to call out to Tony, as immediate and panicked and confused as it was when Tony was actually standing there.
on his carefully thought-out plans like that. That he’d actually been using his plans and guidelines and pre-written ideologies as a crutch… an escape from having to react in the moment. A barrier against being fully human.
Vision,” Steve told her, bluntly. “And you tried to stop him, if you remember rightly. Vision would have died in his cradle, if it had been up to you.”
Tony could now add this to the growing list of life changing experiences. Talking to someone about the strangest parts of his life and feeling like they not only understood – but they’d actually been there themselves. Being
going to love you, and only you, and that I’m never going to stop looking after you, for as long as I…” And then Tony caught himself, and seemed to deflate just slightly, letting go of what looked like a slow breath before he carried on, “See, I was going to say ‘for as long as I live’. Because that’s what it feels like, what it would be if… But it’s not going to be like that, because I’m going to live for a thousand years… which is just… One of the things that makes it all so different, me saying that-”
He would never be able to watch Steve suffer. He would feel every agony twice as deeply as Steve did, his whole being would recoil from it… his entire body flinched at the very idea. That instinct was as fundamental and as primal as anything he could ever feel – no bloodlust or vampiric loyalty could ever be as basic or as certain as this.
meant it. “I’m so sorry that SHIELD betrayed you, for how stressful and painful that whole thing was. I’m sorry for what Bucky went through. I’m sorry for how difficult and confusing and lonely every day must be, while you try to make your way in this world.”
like… It’s my job to keep him safe, or happy, or… And I don’t know whether to panic because I’m not doing that, or panic because I know I’m not good enough to do that, or panic about the fact that I want to do that at all - because, obviously, that’s just weird…” And then he let go of a heavy sigh, his shoulders slumping in surrender as he conceded, “And I should have told him that. I should have told him all sorts of things, but I didn’t, because I just…
And Steve lifted him onto his feet, like he was weightless – just like Tony knew he would – and pulled him close, and whispered,
Steve thought about making a last-ditch attempt to convince his friends that this was ridiculous, that their response to it was irrational and out of character and so obviously a side effect of the drugs…
one of the others to get lost here - hit Tony right in the chest. Reflexively, he turned to scan the crowd, his eyes darting from place to arbitrary place, the fear rising up in his throat.
project, not the energy project, that jump started the thing. Now that you and Fury are sabotaging that from both sides, I don’t know when, or how… or
Steve gasped softly, freezing instantly, his eyes snapping to meet Tony’s again. But Tony was looking at Steve’s fingers now… his gaze following the trail of that one drop of blood.
responsibility. Or, even if not, I just thought – But I didn’t think you’d help me if you knew what really happened, or I thought you’d go after Father or – I don’t know, I just thought if I told you it was all the humans fault, you’d blame them and get rid of them and then maybe everyone else would blame them too… But at least it’d be over.”
sorry, but in answer to your earlier question - yeah, some things just slip out,” she replied nonchalantly, taking another sip of her own water. “And anyway, I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but you
“Mr Stark! Captain Rogers!” Came an exhilarated cry, followed by a dull, drunken cheer. Steve and Tony both flinched, and then looked towards the bar. The crowd had parted to clear a narrow path, through which they could see an excited bartender waving at them enthusiastically - beckoning them over. “Our guests of honour!” He announced, to another round of cheering. “Please, what can I get for you?”
Steve moaned again as Tony twisted his fingers, grinding down against his hand. Tony let the bottle of lube drop to the floor, bracing a firm palm against the inside of Steve’s thigh as he pushed a third finger into him.
“You know, I’m pretty sure that works by making your own cells hydrate themselves better…” Tony mused, putting the vial into a little rack and taking out another. “And if that’s true, then the medical research potential of that would be worth…well, billions, if you think of where you could go from there…” And Steve could see him, thinking of all the different avenues he could explore from that one finding…all the different diseases and injuries it might heal… all the people he could help… all just snapping through his mind, a chain of sparks, while he carried on a casual conversation about something else…. “I’m just saying, they’ve dismissed a lot of things here that could’ve made them rich without much more effort.” He finished with a shrug.
Buoyed by his more pleasant emotional revelations in 1938, Steve made the bold choice to tackle the trip he was most dreading.
He sprang to his feet and headed straight for the door - pausing at the last minute to look back at Bucky one final time… A blush tingled at his cheeks as he thought about how silly this impulse was… But harmless…
of him – Tony didn’t have room left to think about guards coming after them or undercover missions or seven years of complicated history between them. He couldn’t think, he could only
“I’ll make sure your clothes are stored safely until the event is over,” they assured brightly, reaching out and physically taking Tony’s previous outfit from his hands. “The Master of Ceremonies will be here shortly to show everyone to their places.”
“Oh, yeah, no, of course, right…” Tony babbled, willing his brain to catch up with his mouth. Hearing Bucky’s tone before he heard the actual words, feeling gently reassured that Bucky didn’t sound panicked… And then he realised what Bucky just said. “You’re in pain? What sort of pain?”
of his shit… A little sister he’d been fiercely protective of, and passionately proud of, and whose company he’d genuinely enjoyed…
…And, in that same moment, Steve realised the difference between Captain America’s objections, and his own.
But, in fairness - unlike Nick, or even Natasha - Clint hadn’t done any wrong by either Steve or Tony in
He would’ve had to phrase it so that Tony didn’t think Steve was in love with him, so that no one thought he was unsure or unfit to lead, so that he could still be ‘Captain America’ the next day.
“Well, I mostly spoke to Barnes” Tony shrugged – fighting that same urge to smile. “I don’t know, he seems nice. Quiet, and not-nosy, which, you know, are qualities I value… I think he’s actually scared to death of this problem, I think it creeps him out. Which I get, so, mainly I feel sorry for him.”
It was something he’d not experienced since he was a skinny kid in Brooklyn, but still, he recognised it immediately. Feeling as though he was waking up underwater, both fuzzy-headed and unnervingly lucid, surrounded by weak sunlight and stale air…
It was of a completely different nature to any other pleasure he was currently feeling - enough that he didn’t even care about losing the friction that he’d had such a teasing hint of.
“They help different organisations synergise and develop their communication methods, though idea sharing and… something technology” Bucky tried to remember, pulling a sour face while he did it.
, sometimes… But, I don’t know, I think you just understand things better when you build them,” Tony explained. “If you’re actually holding something in your hands, you can see everything it does, or doesn’t do. Other ideas come up, you know?”
That last thought occurred to him as he reached the kitchen area – and suddenly Tony found himself gripping hold of the worktop, just to keep himself upright.
think that’s a good question,” Sam asserted - and then cringed when he realised it hurt to raise his voice.
you. Your blood. The fact that you… So, you know, I just wanted to tell you that. To show you that.”
Slowly, oh so slowly, Steve became sober enough to realise how out of it he was. He recognised that, whatever it was he should be doing, trying to remember this thing’s name wasn’t it.
And then, eventually, those thoughts had started to break down into words and sounds and…vague, disjointed concepts…and images…
“You don’t think maybe they just brought us here to go to a party?” Pepper asked, finally focusing her gaze.
“Do you think, when we’re all too wasted to fight off whatever we’re really here to fight, that any of us will be thinking ‘oh well, at least I know what sunshine tastes like’?” He asked, petulantly.
But, all in all, on top of everything else, Steve was really starting to believe that he was going to get his best friend back. That he really could make everything better for Bucky… That he’d really get the chance to enjoy it all with him.
in love with you,” Steve corrected, pointedly. “And… I didn’t want to lose you. And I didn’t want to hurt you… I meant to tell you. I kept planning to tell you, and then just… not being able to get the words out. I kept thinking about
Nope, brain not quite up to actual words yet. That fragment of a coherent thought just dissolved into the general idea, the
the giant slug thing, I still wouldn’t want to lose you a minute sooner than I had to. I’m never going to regret a minute I spend with you, whatever comes next. Only the time I didn’t. And, I mean, if that’s what… If
“Okay, I see what you’re getting at,” Nick sighed - probably about to carry on, but Steve didn’t feel like relinquishing the floor.
And Tony knew he had no hope of explaining all the things he was thinking about - he was barely up to thinking about them. But somehow, talking came easily to him anyway.
“Okay, different question” Tony suggested, when Adam didn’t answer him. “This Tabula Rasa thing, that
to be cheered up, the point where well-intentioned suggestions of happy music and fun distractions would’ve just jared with his mood.
Maybe it didn’t even matter whether he was going mad, or freaking out, or recognising the reality - maybe it was just obvious that he wasn’t enough for Steve, that he couldn’t make him happy, that he wouldn’t know where to start-
That this had already upset the timeline that he and Steve had been working from. That whatever he did now would impact their plan in ways that he couldn’t possibly predict.
“Don’t worry about being sorry, just, let’s just get you fixed up, okay?” Tony replied, pointedly, dragging Wesley’s focus back to him. Wesley winced as he nodded.
“I found him,” Tony managed, at last. “I didn’t even mean to but… I’ve checked it a thousand times, and I’m sure… He’s
Eventually, he remembered what he was supposed to be doing, and automatically scanned the room for tomorrow’s briefing papers…
to explain the drugs. Obviously. That was a mission thing. A basic safety thing. A… protective, thing. He couldn’t let Steve get gassed by a cloud of endorphins and aphrodisiacs and not even warn him – even in this state, Tony knew that one…
Steve had stripped the offending shirt off as soon as he’d walked into the bathroom, and immediately thrown it into the bin. He’d have liked to have stripped his skin off. He was so thoroughly ashamed he could’ve eaten himself.
,” he said instead. “That I know you aren’t perfect, and I trust you anyway. Because you apologised and you meant it and I believe you. Because I know you did care about my feelings that whole time. Because, actually, I understand how you got there and that you
Steve hissed under his breath before he could stop himself. Cringing, he glanced around the room to see if anyone had noticed. There were far too many people crowded around the huge mahogany table, but none of them were paying any attention whatsoever. Nat’s face was fixed in a blank, professional expression. Sam was making a heroic effort to look interested in the presentation, and Clint was clearly struggling to sit still. The cluster of blue-suited politicians squashed in between them were being varying degrees of rude – some were openly scrolling through their phones. But at least no one was looking at Steve.
He'd watched Stape’s face very carefully, as he’d delivered that speech. The particular churning of guilt, the spikes of nervousness – the flashes of defensive anger. And Steve had realised… Maybe Stape was telling
And, for the first time ever, it occurred to Steve that he could ask why it was still a secret. That he actually had a right to object - that maybe he
Out of nowhere, the strangest sense of total calm came over Tony. A happy, safe feeling, like coming home…
It took a second to work out what he was looking at – long enough that he completely missed Tony cuffing his other wrist, too. And when he realised he was
So, he arranged his features into a professional expression, as he strolled across the echoey basement and through the workings of Operation PEGASUS. He pretended to be politely interested in the set-up, while he scanned for access ports and familiar faces and - as always - his nearest exits and potential weapons.
“Oh! An excellent choice!” Rousseau assured them. “You know, there’s a rumour that Dr Dale Arden has developed an entirely new species of-”
...Steve had learned that having faith in people couldn’t mean having blind faith in all people equally. That
“And I, uh, I know the drive over here might make you wonder about this,” Tony cringed. “But, whatever this thing is with Steve, it isn’t something you have to be…
head – that it was only his own heartbreak he had to worry about. And that had always felt like a cold, crushing sadness. A constant, dull ache that he’d simply tried to ignore…
” Steve’s voice was so dark, so unashamedly needy. Tony flinched at the sound of it, feeling every nerve light up as he felt Steve move inside him.
Steve could see Tony twisting himself tighter as he talked, as though he was trying to physically force the words out - and a horrible thought occurred to him.
The only reason he didn’t was because he so much wanted to have this conversation. More than anything.
have been. It was because he knew that, if he didn’t concentrate very hard, thinking of that moment would just lead to thinking about what
“Can’t chat – we have to take this thing down before anyone notices she’s missing” Tony explained, quickly. Rhodey just nodded. “Just make sure you have someone on watch in the conference room, okay? This is where I’ll open the portal, when we need you”
All getting to know unfamiliar versions of one another, all with fundamentally different experiences of the universe, brought together at a particular place in a particular reality, that was all...
“Are you going to make us forget we were ever here?” Tony outright asked, his voice pulled tight, his eyes fixed ahead of him.
“You’re not comfortable with it,” Steve sighed. Tony felt a plunging guilt when he heard the disappointment in Steve’s voice, an inherent resistance to
Steve was sure this shouldn’t feel good - that he certainly shouldn’t be getting carried away with how good it felt, when he had so many things to think about…
“I knew you’d look beautiful like this,” Tony purred, watching as Steve relaxed into the sheets. Steve glanced up to meet his eye, that dreamy expression still softening his features. A light blush coloured his cheeks, somehow making him look even prettier, as he asked, shyly,
Steve groaned softly before he could stop himself, and then had to hope that Tony hadn’t heard it. He took a few ungainly steps in no particular direction, aimlessly looking for a flat surface to rest his weight on. He ended up leaning over one of Tony’s work desks, both palms pressed against the tabletop, his body braced into his arms.
“Yeah?” Tony clarified, his muscles tensing up entirely of their own accord. Something about this was very wrong…
this brilliance and bravery and joy and kindness and strength. Just to know you were real… There is nothing I wouldn’t give, nothing I wouldn’t do, for the chance to touch you like this… I wouldn’t take any of it back. I wouldn’t risk changing a single thing that brought me to this…” Steve paused with a smile when Tony’s voice cracked, his fingertips pressing against Tony’s skin in a quiet reassurance. Tony swallowed hard - only trying to contain it so that he wouldn’t stop Steve from speaking. Steve waited until Tony had settled into his breathing again, making sure to keep his gaze as he carried on, “
to think about everything he missed, and what might happen if he made one little change, and what he could hypothetically have with Steve… Because then he’d have to remember why he couldn’t have any of those things, and why he couldn’t make any of those changes…
That’s why he didn’t want to hear the truth about this company, why he felt compelled to defend them…
It was going to mean trawling through all that creepy, ridiculous mythology, all those terrifying physiological details, all those awkward psychological questions.
He looked down again, more panicked now, almost expecting to have shrunk in the last few seconds. Surprised that he could still take a deep breath – like he couldn’t imagine this specific body without the asthma.
Steve could barely move, his limbs were so heavy, still so distant from him, but he did his best to help Tony position him. And then Tony moved to kneel between Steve’s legs, stroking a careful hand along the inside of his thigh. Steve let go of another trembling sigh, overwhelmed by the simple effort of keeping his head raised enough to look at Tony.
And, okay, that was probably just so that this woman couldn’t tell anyone their names… But it still made him feel giddy to hear it, and that suited the act right now. So. Silly grin it was.
as though he was hearing someone else say it - he laughed in the same surprised way he would have, if the line had come from someone else…
Tony sighed sadly at himself. Not for the first time, he wondered whether he was making this whole thing too complicated-
“Nowhere near,” Rhodey agreed, seriously. And then he turned to Tony, and looked him up and down, and asked, “so, what’s with the toga?”
“There was another guy this morning, but he wasn’t feeling well,” Steve explained, allowing himself to look distracted by the excitement. “He said he was going to get a glass of water - I think they sent him home-”
Tony didn’t work that out until he crashed heavily against Steve’s chest, his legs giving way completely as his weight collapsed against Steve’s body-
“Come to bed,” Steve whispered, his hands already curling down over Tony’s waist. And, apparently, it was Tony’s turn to be overwhelmed and impulsive.
He’d made it as far as the hallway when he heard the scrape of Steve’s key in the lock. Tony stopped a few feet away from the door, his skin stinging with anticipation as he waited.
Bruce was sitting in the middle of the table, staring happily into space, looking more sober than the rest of them - but Steve knew better. He’d already attempted to engage Bruce in a serious conversation, to ask him if his experience on Saakar could tell them anything about what was going on… Twenty minutes into an incredibly technical description of ‘the Devil's Anus’, Steve had been forced to accept that Bruce was as stoned as everyone else…
It was like he’d spent the last few months trying to brace for a crash, trying not to think about the inevitable destruction – only to realise at the last moment that he was actually the one driving the truck.
amount of warning and preparation could guarantee that the world wouldn’t make the same mistakes all over again.
just kill five hundred people, just to suit his needs, but she would – she’d kill them all to cover her tracks. My poor Dad ended up in this mess, just because he wanted to research new things.
reasons for it. He’d spent three days asking himself if it was only that he missed Tony so much, or simply because he felt so guilty over how he’d left things between them, or if it was just because he kept agonising over whether to call him or not-
Steve took a deep breath, and moved so that he could take both of Tony’s hands in his, clasping them tight when he explained, “I know how strange it is - that it’s kind of logically impossible… But it’s true. The ten years that I knew you
Tony telling him it was okay if he talked about Bucky – oh, why the fuck had they been talking about Bucky? What had he said?
And he knew he had to. He couldn’t tell Pepper that he’d just left both of them on the doorstep, when this was the first thing she’d asked of him in twenty years. He couldn’t break this promise to her, not now. And Tony knew he couldn’t really do it to Rogers or Barnes either. Tony wasn’t exactly sure
He let Steve take his weight as he stepped out of the shower. He indulged in that held feeling, as Steve wrapped a towel around his shoulders, and pulled him in. By the time they made it into the living room again, Tony was having more difficulty walking in a straight line than he had when he was on drugs.
have cared about all the people who might be hurt in a badly run transition phase… but he couldn’t quite make that cognitive link, just yet. At this stage, he could only visualise it as a bunch of politicians and judges having to bicker amongst themselves until Steve could step in and fix it for them. And he had no personal passion for making politicians' lives easier.
him – exactly what his blood meant. Or try, at least. God, he didn’t even know how to begin to explain. How it felt, to have the sun on his skin. How he’d changed, thanks Steve.
And the vampire part of Tony. The part of him that he wasn’t afraid of or confused by anymore – because it was the part of him that knew Steve was in trouble. The part of him that was strong enough and powerful enough to get Steve back-
element of it” His fingers danced across the screen, flitting between different symbols and readings “And control
the hell existed beyond this moment. “Oh, I’m running late for a meeting with Hill and that new Pentagon guy - Loren?”
“Come here” He laughed, grabbing Tony’s hand and tugging him onto his knees in front of him. Tony yelped, and then grinned, and then leant in to kiss him again, slow, and deep, and…
“You’ll give him an alibi, right?” Bucky finished for him. Tony pinched back a smile, and looked at the floor.
“Oh, Jesus Tony, I love you, I love you,” Steve gasped in between ragged breaths, even as he was still trembling through the aftershocks.
“Oh, you probably don’t even remember it…” Tony muttered with a self-conscious shake of his head. “But… Well, I appreciated it, anyway.”
He saw the way Tony’s expression softened. He heard the genuine kindness that soaked into Tony’s voice when he said,
“Just waiting in your living room for you to come home?” Steve replied with faux confusion. “I’m sorry, is that not a perfectly reasonable way to behave? I’m new in this century, you know. Kind of trying to pick it up as I go.”
“I never had any doubt,” she assured him - and, with that, another thought was mindlessly tumbling over Steve’s lips, even as he willed himself to leave.
know, that’s the thing,” Rhodey corrected, gently. “And that’s what’s bothering you right now – it’s that scary, painful feeling when you realise you don’t know. Having to think about your life… maybe even changing it. I’m not saying that’s
Of course, there was never any chance of Tony going back to bed. In fact, by the time he got out of the shower, he was beginning to think that he’d never sleep again-
Steve’s heart began to race again, as he pulled it free of the wrapping and held it up in front of him - a long, ivory bathrobe, trimmed with intricate silver embroidery, and made out of the softest material Steve had ever touched. It was probably custom made, and certainly very expensive-
If it weren’t for that initial high, Steve never would have found himself experimenting with any of the others…
Okay, so he still hadn’t acknowledged that he apparently had several very vivid fantasies about biting Tony, buried somewhere in his subconscious. Put simply, he just wasn’t ready to go there yet.
” He shouted – actually demanding that Adam pay attention to him again, whether he realised it or not. “For the record – I
It began as one of those immediate, uncontrollable bursts of laughter that breaks right from the chest - and then rolled through him like a forest fire, each fit of giggles sparking the next, each level of disintegration just making the whole thing funnier. Steve laughed harder every time he remembered why he was laughing, and then he laughed at how hard he was laughing, and then he laughed at how hard Tony was laughing, and then he laughed at the fact that they were
Tony had had this conversation with himself enough times to know. As much as he wanted to – even if he
,” Tony smiled, “I’ve wanted this for about as long as I’ve known you. I love you.” He heard Steve breathe a soft little
Steve didn’t really come back to himself until hours later, when he found himself standing awkwardly in the middle of Tony’s living room.
part of Steve wanted to pull Tony into his arms - even the parts of him that would usually think it was a bad idea.
him. That he’d have wanted to tell Tony what he’d really been thinking – good, bad and complicated – that he would have wanted Tony to know the truth of it-
Tony fought the queasy stirring of connection. He did everything he could to smother his instinct to nod, to throw his arms out, to tell Steve,
“But, uh, in the bit in between – after day two and before the end of the week?” Tony pressed, trying not to sound too agitated.
Was he suddenly ashamed to have been so spiteful and simplistic in his view of Captain America - and therefore everything he represented?
him to know - but Steve had lost any right to demand an input. Steve had already frightened Tony, and proven that the trust between them wasn’t infallible, and now there was no way to demand a platform without being a complete ass-
All of his previous fantasies had been shadowy and ill defined and… scary. He hadn’t known what it was that he wanted, not really. He could never quite imagine how it wouldn’t be messy and painful - even though it already felt like it wouldn’t be… Tony had never been able to work out how that feeling would look. He’d only ever had brief glimpses and shots from a distance-
had slaves 200 years ago – they’re just at a different place in their history. And if we’re coming here to work with them, we can’t enforce our… standards, and… norms on… them…”
“We’ve gone to great lengths to layer a cover story, and to conceal our location – put bluntly, your friends will not realise that you are missing, much less find you, before we have what we need. However, you needn’t be frightened of us taking what we need. We have to run a few basic, non-evasive, entirely painless tests. We need to take a few simple samples-”
He was sitting with his weight resting heavily against the concrete wall behind him, staring into the middle distance. His features had come to rest in a melancholy smile, an expression that seemed older than he was, and…
The fact that his father seemed so aggressively particular about certain details of Steve’s life...But was prepared to let other observations go as part of the ebb and flow of casual conversation.
things he felt guilty for, obviously - and included on that not insignificant list was the mess they’d made of multiple worlds. He was sure that he still had many sleepless nights ahead of him, unpacking the choices the Avengers made and the real reasons behind them, confronting the true extent of the damage they did.
And then there was a long, eerily empty silence… and Steve began to wonder if, when he raised his head, Tony would have disappeared completely.
“You always did put the best spin of everything.” He commented meaninglessly, on his way over to the bathroom.
And then Steve saw the more serious tone pinch at Tony’s smile, his eyes softening into a different sort of kindness - the kind you use to deliver bad news.
Steve could feel the way it warmed under Tony’s hands, the way it pushed to the surface of his skin. He could feel it moving in every inch of his body, like it was stroking over his nerves, bringing everything into higher definition…
And, in among all the many things he was thinking, he considered that he might be getting a bit carried away with himself. That he would probably come over as needy and weird if he literally
“-you so much, I love you, I love you, so, so much,” he had apparently been babbling for a while now.
Which was focusing, at least. All those doubts and neuroses he was just about to fall into had faded completely. All Steve was thinking about now was how he could tell Tony that he wanted this. If it was even possible to put into words how much he wanted this. How absurd it was for Tony to say that, when Steve had spent weeks daydreaming about this exact moment. How baffling it was that Tony thought that, when Tony was… astounding, beautiful… brilliant-
know your own office number. It’s ‘FRIDAY, call the office’” And Tony laughed more genuinely at that. “…And you
Tony knew the exact thrill this inspired in Steve, the specific, intoxicating freedom of it… Like Tony could feel it through him. As though he could hear it whispering straight from Steve’s subconscious – like his body was answering directly,
And Steve got exactly two seconds to wonder what Tony wanted to tell him, before he remembered that he had other things to be thinking about-
And suddenly, Steve was so aware of his heartbeat pounding in his ears. He could feel the blood moving through his body, throbbing hot in his cock, pulsing in his throat…right there, just under his skin…
wouldn’t have grabbed Tony’s attention in this way. The official investigations, and the Varian legal proceedings, were really just another project to be worked on – probably among the least frustrating issues that the team had to deal with, day-to-day.
Heart pounding in his ears, Tony finally lifted his head so that he could take a proper look at his surroundings - only to find that they were already approaching the marble steps of another building on the other side of the courtyard.
When he really got to thinking about it - and with more than a little help from Tony - Steve realised that submission didn’t have to mean degradation and pain, if that wasn’t what interested him about it.
And then Tony crawled over the top of him, and kissed his lips very softly. A comforting warmth closed around him, like a heavy blanket…
to find this Adam guy. And, from the sounds of it, Maribelle wouldn’t be able to get them in, or tell them anything else that was useful. There wasn't much reason to stay with this awful woman any longer
He turned to the next page, and found a few typed lines that had been xeroxed so many times he could barely make them out,
. And Tony was so much more open than Steve ever expected him to be, so affectionate and welcoming and warm…
. A little tug from somewhere deep in his hips, a shiver that seemed to run under his muscles. And yeah, it was without question the hottest damn thing Steve had
Pepper was everything she said she was when Tony first asked her to move in with him - and more. Everything any person would want.
“Rhodey said he saw a big tower on the edge of the city,” Tony observed, brightly - speaking louder now that they were being surrounded by more and more people… apparently. “I was thinking maybe it would be a power station, or a government building, or a central point - you know, somewhere it might be worth breaking into…”
And it wasn’t that he felt bad for either Bucky or Steve. He’d not gotten as far as asking whether his reaction could be justified. He just knew that he’d not bothered to ask himself that at that time. That he’d only done it
He could imagine Steve asking questions that weren’t cruel or personal. Actually listening to the answers.
.” Steve corrected, still giggling. “Zan gave us four, and we only took two with us that night.” He reached deep into the bottom of his pocket, really hoping that he’d remembered – but,
Steve came so hard and so suddenly that it was actually painful, a blistering, visceral sensation that ripped right through the middle of him. He could hear himself screaming – and it was purely luck that it wasn’t Tony’s name.
His mind latched onto it with all the desperation of a drowning man, until it was all he could see, floating in the darkness. Trying to reach him was like trying to swim upstream - but, inch by agonising inch, Tony managed to push his way through the revellers and to within shouting distance.
to think about saying something else instead. “Then we’ll administer the sedative, and that should work pretty much immediately…”
“Okay – back up files and stop making me laugh.” Steve told him – already having to pinch his lips together again.
the hard part - feeling sure about it all the time… isn’t even a thing,” he shrugged. And then he took his hand back so that he could take hold of Steve’s, and told him. “But, the more important question about all of this is
Steve had found a quiet spot at the edge of Tony’s driveway, overlooking the ocean. He’d managed to take a few peaceful hours to himself, letting his thoughts unfold naturally as he gazed down at the view. He’d watched Tony return home at sometime in the early afternoon, engaged in an animated discussion with an invisible earpiece all the way from his car to his front door, and the effect was exactly what Steve had been hoping for-
If he’d been more alert when the scene first burst out into the courtyard, he would have automatically shifted into battle stance. If he’d been overthinking everything, as he normally would, he would’ve worked out what was going on far sooner, and already come up with a better plan.
“I love you,” Steve repeated, trying to ignore the sudden spike in his heart rate. “And, just to make very clear, this isn’t me propositioning you. I didn’t come to this timeline to make, or claim, or demand, any particular future. I’m not here asking for anything, or expecting anything - I don’t expect it to mean anything to you, hearing that from a stranger… But it
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, miserably. “And not just for that man. For the trouble I caused you, and Happy… and Pepper… I don’t… I don’t know what to say, I just…”
He glanced up at Sam, who was still looking at him with such genuine concern, and he wondered what would happen if he were to really let go, now…
A worry, that everything was going to feel really bad again, when he finished coming down from whatever this episode had been-
… A reason he’d been waiting outside Tony’s house, rather than simply letting himself in, like he usually would.
already know as much as someone who did it all once, and we’ve got a good few months to act on that, yeah?” Tony interrupted, like someone trying to keep their temper.
“You do nice things for people all the time without telling anyone” Steve reminded him, his voice far too casual for what he’d just said.
Or, at least, there had been times when he could think about those memories in isolation. Moments, usually late at night, when Tony could think of Steve’s chest under his splayed fingers, or feeling Steve’s heart racing under his lips, or the way Steve moaned Tony’s name as he came… and nothing else. Moments when Tony could remember how it felt at the time. In those moments, sometimes, Tony could even feel glad that it had happened, maybe even believe that it hadn’t been a ridiculous and reckless thing to do…
” Steve pleaded, half muffled by the pillow he was screaming into, as Tony pushed the tip of his tongue past Steve’s rim, his fingertips pressed hard into the sensitive flesh above his hipbones now, adding sharp little sparks of pleasure to the low, rolling heat of his mouth. Steve whined, and begged mindlessly, tears leaking from the corners of his eyes as he writhed helplessly in Tony’s hands.
He watched a more honest, almost raw expression of wonder wash over Steve’s features, something that made Tony’s heart ache for him in the nicest way…
happened?” He asked again, more firmly, taking a little step closer so that he could look for himself.
do right now. And all the things he didn’t want to do, and all the things he was sure wouldn’t help… But, suddenly, he felt desperate to do
Tony had decided for both of them that they’d be having dinner in their room – not that Steve had any objection. By that time, a few people in the bar had started ordering food… and enough of them were licking it off of their partners to suggest that dinner was going to be a very different meal to breakfast.
In this chapter, Tony will tell Steve (in a reasonable amount of detail) about the night that Obie turned him, and the trauma he lives with as a result. This does delve into some reasonably heavy themes, and contains dialogue that may be upsetting to people who are uncomfortable reading about emotional or physical abuse. It also describes what Obie did as a non-consensual, intimate, physical assault. If you have any squicks, triggers or concerns regarding these themes, I would urge you to read the end notes before you continue. And if you would like to contact me before reading, please visit me on tumblr (wilmakins.tumblr.com) or email kipling.bear@gmail.com
And then, as Steve was fighting an urge to cuddle him… It was like everything came into focus. All the different elements came together in one image, and Steve realised what he was looking at-
“Careful about being too polite,” Tony warned, playfully. “You’ll end up stuck with all the charity invitations…”
Tony slammed the empty bag into the counter beside him, hard enough to dent the surface of it, expelling some of the incredible energy that had just surged through him-
And, even deeper than that… For years, Steve had been conflicted and frustrated and confused about that sense of purpose he’d always felt. Finding that he was wrong to pledge it to the US government, and wrong to pledge it to SHIELD. Wondering if he could ever be sure enough to truly commit himself to anything ever again – if he’d ever really be at peace, if he couldn’t. Knowing there was still that sense of duty in him, that nameless calling towards some higher meaning.
It helped that he’d finally had the chance to talk to someone about Bucky. A chance to revive those memories and reconnect with those feelings. A conversation about Bucky in the future tense, that brought the idea of him out of Steve’s own head and put it into the universe…
He would sit down and read these papers, one at a time. He would not start thinking about what they said. He would not allow himself to run away with unanswerable questions, or get carried away with endless What Ifs. He would simply trudge through them, the same as he had with so many uncomfortable, confusing briefing packs in the past, until he was finally worn out enough to sleep.
, and the chemical reaction that we were trying to stimulate when we kneaded it, and what was taking place when we left it to rest, and the effect the saran wrap had during that time…”
He heard a sharp gasp as everyone tried to take a step backwards, the guards at the back realising – a second after Tony – that they didn’t have a clean shot.
going to make sense for as long as he focused on two random pieces from completely different parts of the picture – even if they
“Oh yeah, that,” Rhodey laughed, his gaze drifting into the middle distance as he thought back to it. “Um… We ended up eating some of the flowers… And then we got split up…” Rhodey mused, his brow furrowing deeper as he went on “... And then I got into this really intense conversation with some guy about birds… And then we had to leave, because Steve stole some guy’s tiny lute-”
Steve moaned quietly, a wanton, primal sound that set Tony’s blood alight. He saw the way Steve’s shoulders tensed into it, like he was being drawn up into a sitting position by the strength of his physical need.
, I didn’t mean to make it that… I just – I had to be sure, and I had to make it… I had to ‘lead a team’ and now I feel like they
And then, as Tony was about to fall into it completely, his gaze caught on something. Into that quietness, an idea presented itself…
“Actually, she’s right,” the first Varian laughed. “And there’s no reason you can’t take a look around their labs at the same time…”
Tony felt his every muscle tense in preparation for something he hadn’t even processed yet; knowing he
“So, yeah, that, plus everything else, tells me that it can only really work one way,” Tony said - again. “They
“So, right now, SHIELD - the one that Nick Fury and Coulson work for, the one running most of global security, are actually being controlled by Hydra?” Tony summarised, incredulously. “And those same people are, right now, keeping Bucky Barnes locked up in a freezer until they can next use him to murder someone?”
But he was very practised with containing his inner turmoil in official situations. He even had a specific routine he could fall into for Fury.
Tonight was exactly perfect, just the way it was… And Steve didn’t want to risk the story of it, on a gesture that might well blow up in his face.
sure of, the bits it was hard to put into words or the ideas I wasn’t ready to commit to or the questions I had… I just left out. And I know, most of the things I actually said
Steve wasn’t so cold as to simply dismiss any chance to help a person - whether he happened to like them or not, as a matter of fact…
“No, of course not,” Pierce replied - in what wasn’t quite his normal voice, but a reasonable approximation of it. “I was hoping you would say that you were building some real relationships here in the 21st Century…”
the things he wasn’t sorry for, without making everything worse. How to tell Tony how he felt about him – especially without… you know, actually telling Tony how he felt about him…
“...I promise, I know better than to try and keep you out of danger, or to try to stop you doing stupid things,” Steve answered, very pointedly. Tony huffed a laugh and squeezed his hand.
along on a hundred-mile-per-hour car chase to a crime scene. If he’d had something simple to apologise for, as a way of getting started.
The relief rolled through Steve’s body like a wave of heat, the tension melting away from his joints so rapidly that he felt unsteady on his feet.
But Tony just let his forehead rest against Steve’s, an understanding expression in his eyes when he said,
That second time, Steve wasn’t stunned or hesitant. That time, Steve grabbed hold of Tony and pulled him into his lap, in an unashamed, unfiltered desire to be close to him, his fingertips caressing into Tony’s skin, his breathing coming in delighted little gasps-
to think about yourself. Because if this is beyond your line, there’s no point ignoring that and running face first into it anyway. This is not Thanos.”
So, as per their plan, they grabbed the portal device and headed straight for Maribelle’s party. According to the computer system, she was due to make an appearance at any moment, and they knew it would be easy enough to convince her to have a ‘quiet chat’ with them. And – even though there was nearly as much sex going on at this party as the one they’d left – it was at least better lit. More chance of avoiding the damp patches, if nothing else…
The grin melted into an awed sort of anticipation, as Tony placed the faintest touch to his jaw, tilting his head up.
He saw the same mix of emotions play out on Steve’s features, before he settled on a stoic smile and said,
In a weird sort of way, it might even have been fun. Steve had never had someone to rush home to before. He’d never had a new boyfriend to be excited over… Part of him enjoyed the novelty of it. The feeling of being included in the world. Knowing that it would be that much better, for how much he wanted it…
while everyone calls me a backstabber – for what? Not letting Ross arrest them instead? Not sending an army of people who’d try to kill you, or get killed trying? Not just letting you all run off on a mission that I knew nothing about, other than it was going to get you killed. Knowing only that, apparently, one of the people on your team can be triggered into
Steve just laughed, and melted back into Tony’s lap, and the general warmth of his happiness, and the comfort of impending sleep.
, somehow. As though there were some greater significance to what Steve had just said, some second meaning, something Tony had to
“Oh, honey is fine,” Tony answered on autopilot. Like he was hitting snooze on an alarm. Pepper sighed, and went back to the preparing the tea, and Tony instantly fell back into his thoughts…
Whatever these strange impulses were, if they even existed, for the time being they were all satisfied and calm. Everything
She broke off with a gasp then, raising her eyes skywards, like she just wanted to give up on the whole thing,
softness of him and the impossible solidness of him and the thrill of the conflict between the two. Tony ran his palms over the smooth expanses of Steve’s chest, he pressed his fingertips into the dense flesh of his shoulders and back, he caressed his hands over Steve’s stomach and hips. And Steve writhed against him, and arched up into him, his heavy panting breaking down into sighs and whimpers and whispered
Even while he worked through all the things he had no right to judge versus the things he was wrong to forgive, even as that new ideology started to come together into something coherent-
He ran his hands under Steve’s shirt, an electric thrill running up his spine as he finally got to touch that perfect chest, and Steve lifted his arms to let Tony pull it up over his head. And Tony wanted to
Tony uncurled his fists. He forced himself to relax his shoulders and stand up straighter. He told himself again,
, I wasn’t even thinking about them, really… and it didn’t have anything to do with you, and I’m sorry I took it out on you.”
“I still think you should’ve said you had a date tonight” Bucky muttered. Steve snapped to attention, and shot him a not-very-subtle glare. “What?” Bucky asked, faux innocent. “Just because Nick says you don’t have
that was never what their fight was about. Even though he knew that Steve had never really chosen anything over him, and it had been unfair and immature and irrational to ever think of things that way… Still, it mattered. It was the upside of all those emotional, painful nights before Tony knew all that - there would always be a deeper emotional reaction to moments like this.
with Bucky once we’ve found him - I mean, literally where he’s going to be staying, and what he’s going to need, and... all of that…” Tony’s voice was getting heavier as he spoke, his eyes falling shut as he drifted on... “Because, the way you tell it, once we’ve figured out where he
But the flight home did at least offer some sort of reprieve, and Tony could still find a way to enjoy it.
The image of Tony kneeling in front of him, pleading that he was ready. The memory of Tony’s cock sliding over the back of his tongue, the taste of him, the sting of his fingertips digging into Steve’s shoulders-
Tony felt himself jolt to attention, every hair standing on end as he tried to place that little noise. And then he picked out the shiny red envelope, sitting on the floor a few feet into the room. Belatedly, he recognised the sound of it being slid under the door, and relaxed just a little – but he still made sure to scan it before he bent to pick it up,
He remembered feeling older than himself the first time around. He could recall the exact flavour of affectionate embarrassment, the wry self-awareness that overwhelmed him as he came face to face with his own naive eagerness…
In what was probably his first fully cognizant thought of the morning, Tony realised that the warmth and sweetness that he was trying to cling to
Steve let his face settle into a comfortable smile as he and Rhodey wandered their way along the rows of flower stands, more having a general look around than looking for Nat and Pepper, per se.
, no, he would never hurt me. He never has.” Adam added. And Tony sighed, thoughtfully, as though he meant to answer him.
be an email from Zan here outlining her secret vendetta against her business partners, but I doubt it.”
Tony ran his eyes over the shapes in the powdered sugar, as a static feeling started to gather in his stomach… Not uncomfortable exactly, but…
So, he told himself to calm down. He reminded himself that he was trying to look like someone just regaining consciousness, that he had to avoid any physical signs that would give him away at a glance. He had the pill, still pressing hard against his thumb - but, seeing as he couldn’t afford to make himself too vulnerable, it was only a mild sedative. It wouldn’t last that long, or do all that much, and it wouldn’t help if Steve gave it an anxiety attack to deal with first.
And then Pepper strolled into the workshop, already scrolling through the items on her tablet computer.
“But you would attack me now, wouldn’t you?” He challenged. “Verbally, at least. You’d shout, and swear now – an expression of your emotions. Not an argument. And that will have no effect on me, I’m afraid. I’m beyond social ideas of shame and superiority, now. Put simply, I have no concern over whether you’re better than I am, or what you think of me.”
Steve got the impression that they knew exactly why he was dragging Tony away… Which he liked, very much.
in his head, warning of something bigger, something that hovered in the background and threatened to unbalance...
. Maybe one day he’d get used to not being around Steve, and get himself out of the habit of thinking of him all the time, and not mind when Steve left him out of things - or not think about it at all. Maybe one day Tony would want to be happy with someone else, doing something else.
“Please Tony, please, please,” came easier now that Steve had found his voice… and felt so much better than he’d been expecting. He didn’t even know if he remembered the right meaning of the words… he just knew it felt good to say them. That Tony liked it when he said them. “Please Tony, please, I want you, I want-
He knew they’d both stumble when they walked in. He couldn’t be bothered to brace against it – he didn’t
And, with that, Steve’s mind began to tally details with more speed, more awareness. He began to remember the moments leading up to his sudden incapacitation, the questions he should be asking himself, the connections between them…
, even as that taste flooded his mouth. He heard Steve’s breathing move high in his chest. He could feel Steve’s pulse racing in his wrist. And then Tony let his eyes slip shut and sucked very gently against Steve’s skin, a sudden burst of blood hitting him just as Steve gasped, and threw his free hand to the back of Tony’s head.
.” Steve carried on “I remember, maybe two weeks later? Fury was showing me the profiles for the team – and it just had your IQ listed at the top there as being
was going to disperse this adrenaline – that it was just going to keep building, for as long as Tony was out there somewhere, trying to keep his cover amongst criminal gang leaders… Unless it turned out to be something much worse than criminal gang leaders…
“Good plan. Do that.” Tony nodded, and then turned away and sat cross legged on the floor, his attention pointedly focused on the file reader in his lap. He carried on setting up his equipment, right up until he heard Steve turn the shower on. Then he let himself fall back, sprawling on the carpet. He covered his face with both of his hands and groaned, softly.
been thinking about what he might say, if Steve was just more rational about this stuff, or more distanced, or… well, any reaction where they might’ve had a real conversation, this morning. Tony had spent a good few hours thinking about what he
“Jesus Tony,” Steve breathed, rushing to unbutton Tony’s shirt, running his fingers over every inch of newly exposed skin as he went. And then he dropped his head to kiss Tony’s chest, and the thrill of it actually caught him off guard; having so much of him, having it be this real. The softness of him and the taste of him, the way he arced up into it. The almost pleading little sigh…
He forced himself to look up, trying to blink – struggling to breathe over the physical panic overwhelming him.
“They want you with the team that are investigating what happened to that plane,” Nick clarified, carelessly. “Seeing as we have no idea what we might be walking into, we felt it was best to send the best possible contingency.”
“Fuck me, use me, take whatever you need,” Tony panted, moving his hand so that he could push himself up on Steve’s shoulder – earning a sharp cry of pleading objection.
“Everyone is” Janine assured them. “But please, don’t worry. I’ll start by saying that these experiences are quite carefully controlled – and that’s so that you can get the most out of this, and have an authentic experience of New Eden, but, most importantly, so that everything is safe. And we have made sure that – so long as you follow the basic rules, and stay within the general parameters, there is literally nothing that can go wrong.”
“I promise, you’re going to recover from this, and feel like yourself again, and be happy,” Steve says, carefully.
A confused nervousness, as Tony shook his head and dropped his gaze, hesitant or shy or... defensive, maybe…
, he could see that Nick was coming to him with an entirely different attitude - that, already, Nick’s impression of him was completely different to whatever he’d been thinking the first time around. He stood just a little taller, his expression was just a little more focused - his deliberate mannerisms had been chosen for a subtly different role. This Nick Fury was arriving with just a little more direct challenge, a little less manipulation. Less confident. Less patronising.
How to judge whether he’d hurt Tony, add to his burdens, jeopardise any chance of helping him with these issues, if he let his emotions get the better of him.
have beautiful thighs…” before he shuffled back, and dropped his head, and sucked a slow, deep kiss to the sensitive skin on the inside of Steve’s leg.
“Tony-” Steve interrupted - because he knew it wasn’t Tony’s place to be sorry. That he had so many apologies he wanted the chance to make-
Steve let out a long, slow breath, and looked up at the ceiling. Then he glanced down, and Tony saw a little thought flicker behind his eyes before he asked,
Unfortunately, having dedicated as much thought as he could spare for the issue, Steve had been forced to accept that there was no way of helping Selvig without risking vital parts of the entire plan…
“C’mere,” Tony beamed, before somewhat clumsily manoeuvring Steve onto his back. He propped himself up on his side, looking down over Steve, momentarily transfixed by the rise and fall of his chest… Until a pleading little murmur reminded Tony of how much he wanted to kiss him.
me to say that Iron Man was my bodyguard, and that was partying on a yacht while the whole Stane thing was going on…” He remembered.
When Steve went back to 2012 the first time around it had been a pretty big deal - even though he’d done his best to smother all his human reactions, back then. He still couldn’t help the rush of melancholy excitement, seeing the Tower again, remembering the team when it was new and optimistic and anything was possible…
For a while they laid there in comfortable silence, Tony tracing light touches over Steve’s stomach while Steve played with his hair…
in this moment, whatever Tony might’ve used this room to do. There couldn’t possibly be any bigger thrill, any greater fantasy, than being able to kneel back onto that bed, and look right at Steve, and tell him.
But Jesus, all Tony wanted to do was throw his arms around Steve’s waist and bury his head in Steve’s neck and tell him every fear and frustration he had in his head… He
“What do you want?” Nick asked again, more guarded now - like his defences were beginning to click into place. Steve grinned at him.
“Because I’m a vampire,” he replied, without even thinking about it. Because it was just in Steve’s best interested to dispense with the question, and this was the quickest way to do it. “We don’t need to breathe at all.”
“Yeah. I was just… bored, to be honest with you,” Steve laughed softly. And Tony grinned back, as though he was pleased about something…
“And, if you’re saying you can’t help us because you’re worried about what will happen to you… Then, I’m sorry, I really am” And Steve looked her right in the eye then, his tone cold but somehow still compassionate, “But, if we go in without your help, and we get it wrong – if we
...The blue lilies on the next stall along, which Steve had originally noted as ‘kind of glowy’, were in fact beautiful, iridescent flowers, that seemed to catch the sunlight and hold it in their petals-
That they were at least as close as Tony thought they were, even if they’d never be as close as he’d like – that their entire relationship wasn’t a lie. That Steve wouldn’t leave him out of something like that, that he would have trusted him with something like that – that he wouldn’t have let Tony tear himself in half for days, destroying everything he ever cared about, on only half the facts… That he
Bucky knows he’ll hear the voices in a minute. Two of them, speaking in the same tone, in that familiar rhythm.
And Maribelle was going on about salt reacting with the water here, or something equally ridiculous, and Tony was nodding entirely at random, and
He knew that he should be pleased this mission wasn’t being corrupted by all that. It was too important. It wasn’t about the things he’d like to say to Tony.
But there wasn’t even a question of whether or not it was worth it, so Steve didn’t let himself dwell.
of Tony’s faculties were focused on that sensation. Less than a moment, in which Tony was too completely immersed in this strange shift inside himself to pay precise attention to his surroundings-
well,” he conceded, before he continued, “so, I think we can agree this is half the promise kept already,” and he gestured to his ingredients,
it. Just added that little observation, like he had any right or reason to… And before he could kick himself for it, Steve just laughed, and nodded,
Steve saw the casual assumptions that the world made about these things. He could feel in all the careless word choices and default images. Like being Bucky’s boyfriend would’ve been the ultimate in relationship status – like the only reason Steve wouldn’t claim that label was if some criteria wasn’t being met. He just knew, no one would think twice about the phrasing,
“Oh! Oh, okay, that’s - that's…” Tony stuttered, instinctively moving so that he could grab for Steve’s shoulders… Finding himself cradled, bridal style, against Steve’s chest. Their eyes met. “...That’s incredibly hot,” he finished, weakly.
This was a pure and simple hatred, sparked by Adam and now drawing everything else into it like a black hole.
It was the tone Steve heard, rather than the words. A deeper meaning that he immediately understood - even though it was the last thing he’d expected.
He knew, if he pushed it, Tony would try to dismiss the gesture - he would, as ever, remind Steve that he could afford these things, as though the expense was the only overwhelming thing about it…
say, if Steve did happen to wake up in the mood to talk. Or, if there had even been any doubt in Tony’s mind either way – if he just hadn’t
Which was odd, actually, because Steve drank before he and Tony went out to the gala, and even at the most conservative estimate, that should’ve held him for at least a few days…
you’ve gotten over… Wouldn’t it be better, if you could keep the conclusion, and forget how you got there?”
be confident of myself, now – because I allowed myself to doubt, before. I let myself think all the things the average human must shield themselves from, and I considered
And then he just… did. He just dropped his head and kissed Tony’s neck, slow and deep and clearly intentioned, his hands caressing more roughly over Tony’s waist, pulling him close.
It was a huge, white four poster bed… with a thick black chain cuffed to each post, and draped artfully towards the centre of the pristine cotton sheets.
And then Tony felt himself bite back a smile. It was like his body had the idea before it reached his head. His lungs felt tight, and his skin felt warm, even before he’d processed that mental picture…
“It’s beautiful,” Steve blurted out, unable to find bigger words for this feeling. But he could see that Tony
“Of course. Well, I mean, obviously your name isn’t on the deed yet, because that would be really hard to explain to Ross and company… but, one day, when everything is straightened out, it will be. I mean, if you want it to be…”
Steve felt as though he’d spent an awfully long time thinking about his next trip. He certainly remembered staring at a vial of the Pym Particle for so long that his arm ached with the effort of holding it, while a queasy sort of adrenaline sloshed in his gut…
He couldn’t ignore those questions because of what he wanted right now - he couldn’t keep them from Tony.
“Anyway, it’s like four in the morning, and all of this could actually have waited until tomorrow – and I’m literally keeping the med team waiting while I do this, so… and that was it, really…”
And Tony had to pinch his lips together to keep from giggling – just because it sounded so dramatic. It was an entirely affectionate impulse, listening to Steve talk emotional nonsense while drunk, endeared at how sincerely he meant it in the moment.
And it didn’t even occur to him that soon enough he’d catch his breath, and then just stop breathing. That eventually his heartbeat would slow right down to nothing. In that moment, Tony just felt alive, exactly the same as he did, back when he was.
and deleted it. He knew if he sent that Rhodey would call him, and by now he was so tired that he didn’t think he could physically form words.
Steve huffed a laugh at that… and only then did Tony realise where Steve was going with this. He shifted, so that he could sit himself up a little and fix Steve with a questioning look.
And he looked to Steve to give him some warning if he was on the wrong track entirely with this… But Steve just looked at him, either numb or overwhelmed… and then – the
In those first few hours, Tony’s mind had broken free of him entirely. It ran wild, throwing up unfamiliar points as it raced into unexplored territory.
And Tony raised his head to look at Steve again before he spoke. So that Steve would see him smile when he said.
And Steve was very briefly distracted by the flicker in Tony’s expression - something warm, and bright, and… pretty. Something that was gone before Steve had a chance to name it, but still, he was left with this feeling that he’d said something...
A fragment of a memory roused from its slumber - Tony’s heavy sigh as he told the others how close they’d come to winning on Titan, the burden of his bitterness still dragging him down by the shoulders…
And Tony should probably have thought more about it, before he indulged this sudden feeling of connection… But he’d moved past that now. He’d just lived through too many false alarms at this stage, too many moments that felt like they might be the end of the world - and weren’t. He’d stopped fearing those moments when he’d remember that he wasn’t human, not because they’d stopped happening, but because every time they
“I think so – she just pushed this at me and she was gone…” Tony found himself leaning back slightly, holding his breath as he unpeeled the seal, not sure what he was bracing for-
Him lying on the floor of an Afghan cave, the hot bite of the wires pressing into his heart. And then Steve, and Wanda, and Pietro all bursting in –
to stand by every choice I’d ever made, or deny every mistake. If people had jumped on my every apology and torn it to pieces and asked me to rehash everything I’d ever said in light of that… Even how it would feel to have a team of wide eyed admirers behind me, yelling ‘
way two people could talk, even in theory… That was why Tony had cut himself off from the world in the first place. Because he’d realised that it was literally impossible to have a normal conversation, much less any sort of relationship, when he shared so few experiences with people… and whatever experiences he did have, he couldn’t share.
JARVIS was programmed to do in that situation… But it suddenly seemed unfair to inflict such an existential crisis on his AI. So… “If, later on, I decide it would be a good idea to call Steve, or invite him over… Could you just take a moment to remind me that I still don’t know if I’m risking his life? Just –
Steve cuts his wrist open in order to feed Tony the blood he needs. It's only a two line description, but the injury and weapon ARE described. Steve's motivations are very clearly defined as not being related to self harm in any way.
And then he wrapped the banket around Tony, and felt Tony snuggle closer into his arms, and that was all he cared about.
“Errr…yes…” Tony decided, slowly. Thoughtfully. “I think… we go in, we get to a computer as quickly as humanly possible, we
anything I said… last night. God, was that really only last night? But, what I mean is – it’s just a different list of things, Steve. And even if I did have some right to be mad you kept a secret from me – that
be nice, to have something to think about later. Maybe it would be nice for there to be something besides all the things he couldn’t have.
. He wanted to just stare at Steve – but Steve pulled him close again, desperately, kissing him hungrily, and God, Tony couldn’t resist it – why would he resist it?
“It means that I think you’re incredible, that I love being around you, that I like the person I am with you - it means everything it would’ve meant, before I took the serum,” Steve answered a different question completely. “...I just don’t know what else it means.”
Why couldn’t be confident of his own damn opinion on sex – even if he still wasn’t entirely confident using emojis? Why did he feel like he had to understand the whole world before he could try to understand his own view on certain parts of it? He’d never felt like that before…
fall, people already know to turn to us for the answers,” Steve replied, carefully. Still bracing for Tony to flinch from the idea, already framing his responses in the most positive way… He could tell, it was going to take a while to shake that habit.
It was like that first night in the army, when he’d been so full of desperation to succeed that he could barely sit still.
“Hm? Oh… I just… Wonder how long they’re going to keep us waiting,” he shrugged, barely listening to his own answer. Actually, he had no idea how long they had been waiting. It just sounded like a reasonable response.
Which didn’t sound like nearly grand enough a word – but still, it fit so well. This giddy rush of happiness, this in-the-moment excitement, this safe and simple experience of the new.
Slowly, Steve began to piece himself together. He realised that his chest was heaving, his legs were trembling, his back was sheened with sweat. His head was still spinning.
He saw Peppers eyes widen, concerned rather than frightened, her hand still firm against his shoulder.
“Well, guess what - if you keep your mouth shut, it will all go away,” he said, walking forward until he was standing by Steve’s side. Wesley was nodding hysterically the whole time.
“Steve.” Tony cut him off, firmly. “Okay, you asked me a question, and – no. I am absolutely sure, it would not have been better if you’d died in that crash.”
He tried throwing out random suggestions that he wasn’t going to examine, hoping to convince himself that there was an answer out there somewhere -
“And you’re interested in my opinion now?” He asked, from absolutely nowhere. Just pulling words in front of him, the way he’d been trained to use any nearby object as a shield, if he had to.
An enlightenment that was clearer and more reassuring than any of the others - maybe more than any other thought he’d ever had.
“Actually, he’s not like it with everyone,” Tony replied, casually. “And - not that there’s any convincing
. What purpose this plan served, beyond giving him an excuse to get away from Steve… who he now wished wasn’t all the way over there…
It wasn’t even the word itself that he objected to. Tony was still too overwhelmed by the whole thing to recognise it as a word. It was just the idea of
And then Tony looked up at him – the strangest look on his face. Like he wasn’t quite sure whether to smile or not. Not alarmed, or concerned, exactly… but…
just going to have to tell me,” he announced, in a firmer tone. “Because otherwise, I’m just going to go with what
And then he watched Steve nod, solemnly, whatever hurt he felt smothered by such a pure determination to try-
with Tony Stark, and he didn’t know what to call it, or what Tony would call it, or what was going to happen next. The fact that Steve
made me rethink those things….” Tony sighed. “Or, I don’t know… Forever, I’ve had it down, you know? Obie did a horrible thing, and made me into a horrible thing, because he wanted to control me. And I can’t change what he did, or help the horrible thing I am – but I can make sure I never become the thing he said I’d be. And everything he said about it was a lie – I
“Well, if we keep him waiting much longer, he won’t” Steve muttered weakly, finally stepping out onto the drive. And Bucky just sighed, and followed him.
One of which was simply the idea of being Steve’s fantasy, whatever it was. After all those years of pining after Steve, thinking that Steve didn’t even like him, there was something specifically thrilling about the thought of Steve wanting him like
And, God, Tony didn’t even know whether to feel enlightened or terrified, when he recognised that voice for what it was.
All that noise in Steve’s head faded to nothing, immediately. His initial reaction was a purely physical one; a sudden clenching in his chest, a weakness in his joints, a high, fluttering sensation, somewhere in the middle of him.
At no point did it occur to him that, even for an event this emotionally charged, his reaction was perhaps a
Whether he would then be frightened to death that it was actually out there now, and by how casually he’d accepted it, and by the new and alien things he’d felt about it…
Tony was overwhelmed with such sadness for Steve, such pain to think what he’d been through – in that moment he’d have promised Steve anything. He’d have told him Bucky could move into the compound, if it would’ve helped.
true that Tony had made his own mistakes during that whole ordeal – some of them pretty damn serious.
Tony carried on with that same gentle pace, his hands stroking protectively over Steve’s skin, now slippery with sweat and come. Steve let it pulse inside him, warm and steady and unhurried. Not building to anything, not wanting for anything –
“I’m sorry, I’ve just-” Tony giggled, trying to reel it in enough to explain. “I just thought of that from Zemo’s point of view.” And he put on what was actually a pretty good Sokovian accent when he added “I have studied and trained all my life, and spent years putting together this complicated plan and – now you’re making out-” The accent broke down as Tony dissolved into giggles again, and this time Steve broke down with him, letting Tony rest his head against his shoulders as he laughed
Tony was immediately overwhelmed by an animal desperation for more of that beautiful taste. Rich and salty and
But, somewhere in the middle of his little speech, everything had started to… shift. The background had faded away and the immediate had started to feel so much more vivid, and… somewhere along the line, he’d stopped play acting. The whole thing stopped feeling so much like a prop in a daydream, and started to feel more… real. Like he wasn’t pretending to do this for a moment, so that he could image what it felt like. He
And Adam just threw him a helpless look, because of course he didn’t have the first clue what Steve was talking about-
But, wherever it came from, Tony had to ignore that impulse – at least, for now. Until he could work out what all of these impulses meant, how they worked together and where they could possibly lead. Without time, and very deep thought, and a lot more research, all Tony really had was that same list of questions.
“An excellent idea!” Scaramouche announced, gleefully. “You do all look as though you could use some rest, before the festivities begin in earnest.”
“I don’t know, yet,” he replied, more soberly. Stalling for time, more than anything. He looked back at Barnes’ files, and then at Barnes’ arm, and tried to think of any other generic questions he could ask while he had this existential crisis. “Are there any ways you prefer to do this? Any treatments or procedures that you really don’t like?”
For a start, he was full. For possibly the first time ever, that gnawing background hunger just wasn’t there. Nothing ached, nothing hurt. He probably wouldn’t
there was pulsing in his veins. He would look at the scars on his arms fading, the lines on his skin melting away, the shimmer that had appeared on his hair and nails... He’d stretch into his shoulders, and flex his fingers, and just
Tony glanced pointedly at Wesley’s couch, trying to coax him out of hovering in the hallway. Wesley took a few cautious steps into the room, but didn’t sit down.
“Why is what you drink so bad?” Steve frowned, before he could think to stop himself. A defensive impulse, really. An immediate sense of injustice that Tony should settle for anything less than the best, an instinct to right that for him.
So then Tony had tidied the kitchen, which had taken hardly any time at all, because he basically never used it. Most of his meals could be microwaved in the workshop…
Tony was sure there had been a time, somewhere towards the beginning of this endless, awful night, when he’d been genuinely furious at Steve Rogers. He couldn’t remember what for, specifically… there might not have been a specific reason, even at the time. Only the irrational anger that came with pain, and the wordless idea that Steve had brought it all on him…
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” Steve moaned, like a prayer, with every snap of his hips. He grabbed Tony’s ass roughly, spreading him wider, fucking him deeper, hitting his prostate every time. Tony could feel it all the way up to his throat, pushing up against his ribs and throbbing in his legs. God, it was so much. It just kept going, building beyond what was already impossible, better and better
“Fuck me Steve, please,” he whispered, hot against Steve’s lips. And he hadn’t even known he was going to say it, but now that it was out there-
The hollow clatter as a layer of plastic balls closed over his face, colourful and then shadowy and then dark…
“I know it’s a famous quote, and I don’t actually know who said it originally… I only know it because Peggy told me that, when I was a kid.”
But, for the time being, Steve was content to let the niceness of it wash through him, along with everything else.
It was positive proof that Obie had been wrong. The moment Tony discovered the truth behind all of Obie’s self-serving lies and distortions and exaggerations. The moment he could say for sure that his instincts would never find pleasure in killing, never give him an insight into who was ‘ready to die’, never
it had laid some sort of subconscious bias. Steve might even have thought he was being considerate, at the time. Reminding himself that he had no idea what Tony’s story was, that he had no right to judge him, that obviously it didn’t matter
, and not this figure I’d made in my head… and then it seemed kind of obvious that… You woke up in a world where you didn’t have anyone to even run things by, where the rules had all changed and no one bothered to tell you – surrounded by people like me, making pop culture gags – and you’re immediately told you’re a symbol of all our lost hope… And everyone expects you to be perfect, and everyone is prepared to die for your honour whether you want them to or not… And you can’t even see a therapist about it, because your life is just
to call The Avengers first” Steve whispered, his tone deliberate and careful – still cradling the side of Tony’s face, so softly…
thinking about you, and I do care about you, and – this is why I never say any of this, because I know it doesn’t make sense, it doesn’t fit, and… The truth is, it’s just a mess. It’s just a horrible, hopeless,
was different. Usually, Steve either woke up with a start, his heart still pounding from a nightmare that he may or may not remember, or else he begrudgingly clawed his way out of too little sleep, groggy and headachey and ever-so-slightly nauseous-
That he’d never really trusted Tony, or thought of him as a friend, or given any thought to the part Tony played in his life.
And then he watched Tony’s eyes darken, the overwhelmed expression heating into something more determined. His face lit up with a mischievous smile, before he leant closer, and told Steve,
It was oddly tempting to simply tell Sam the truth. To burden him with the impossible problems of Steve’s existence, the unsolvable depth of his grief… To tell Sam that he didn’t really know how he got here in the first place, that he’d followed Sam’s lead without any real reason - that, if he hadn’t already arranged for Sam to pick him up, Steve probably
Tony cringed, and glanced away again. And Steve heard a little voice hiss at him, like an embarrassed elder sibling,
in removing all the earlier pictures from the internet – but he’d thought a few would have slipped through, surely? Paparazzi shots of Stark in his teen years, or press photographs of his parent’s funeral, or pictures from people’s private collections, uploaded to Facebook years after they were taken. Something on one of SHIELDs servers even, where Stark shouldn’t have been able to get to it…
That was another way to look at it, right? That, actually, indulging this sudden, irrational, out of character impulse was likely to
Without another thought Tony wriggled his way out of Steve’s lap and onto the floor in front of him, kneeling between his legs. Steve had barely had the time to frown in confusion, before Tony dropped his head and slid Steve’s cock into his mouth.
Tony fixed Wesley with a deliberate stare for a second, before he turned to walk over to the wonky desk in the corner of the room - leaving Steve to glower right at Wesley the entire time.
But even as he was thinking it, he knew how ridiculous it was. That he couldn’t possibly hope for a life with Tony if he could
Steve melted against the sheets, letting it wash through him, soaking down into his bones. There was no resistance to it, no limit. He let himself stretch into it, his cock throbbing hard again as Tony began to move inside him.
Instead, Steve put his hand to the back of Tony’s head, still kind and gentle in spite of his panicked desperation.
He felt it swelling up in his head, and his chest; a physical pressure that made it hard to breathe.
And then, slowly, the shapes started to distinguish themselves from the noise, and Tony began to find words for them…
Falling in love with Tony had given Steve’s life a meaning. It had given him something for himself; it had helped him to find himself again.
He shuffled down the bed and threw his legs over the edge of it, letting the forward motion of it pull him into a sitting position. He felt
. For a few hours, he’d managed to basically keep that nagging apprehension at bay by putting all of his physical anxiety into his workout, and all of his mental energy into that simple averment-
, okay? It’s going to be okay.” And he waited for Bucky to nod at him, somewhat numb, before he looked over at Steve. “Okay, I have a bio-engineering kit, in the cabinet by the sink over there.” He pointed to the left of the workshop-
“Hm? Oh, yeah…” Steve nodded - and then, on autopilot, turned to Dr Arden to tell her, “Thank you for the flower.”
Steve let his hands stroke down along Tony’s arms, and then over his back, pulling him close again. Tony tilted his head up, his eyes falling shut as Steve kissed him, gently, sweetly… And again… And again…
“Do you have to leave today, or tomorrow?” Steve slurred, when he recognised the heaviness of sleep closing around him.
There was the oddest drop of disappointment as he realised - Tony wasn’t angry over the secret. He couldn’t be. It hadn’t happened to him.
little side project to feel anxious and confused over, too - but for the moment, he couldn’t concentrate enough to remember the thread of it. Only that he had all these theories and hastily considered experiments rolling around his head, and a whole raft of documents on their way from Fury, and a lot of work to do in figuring out why any of it mattered...
But he still had the image of Steve in his mind, nonjudgmental, and interested, and… excited. He imagined
a) Whether this is missing any necessary tags or warnings, or if there are any current tags that aren't clear, or are potentially misleading.
” Steve cut in – mainly because she was getting breathless again. “A team of humans came, and exploited your planet. And your father – who was, in the meantime, panicking about his accidental hostages, but
Finding out that the last of those ‘true vampires’ died out a long time ago might’ve been disappointing or confusing, at one point… But now it just felt like being able to trace his roots back to Ancient Rome. It didn’t really mean anything to him, that it no longer existed.
It was only as he was throwing his arms around Tony’s waist that he remembered the metal case that was still dangling carelessly from one hand - and even then, only as a vague obstruction. He let it fall at his feet with a dull bump so that he could grab at Tony with both hands, pulling him tight against his chest and breathing him in…
There was a sharp twist of pain in Tony’s chest - some of it familiar, some of it new… He swallowed hard, and wondered again what ‘getting over it’ really looked like.
It was only when he and Steve walked through the grand entrance way of the Varian Embassy that he remembered-
“Very, very few,” he accepted, reluctantly. “That one was taken on Rhodey’s insistence – I asked him what he wanted as a gift, and he said photograph. I asked him if he was sure he wouldn’t prefer a private island or something… But he was sure. So, yeah, there exist exactly three photographs of me.”
He clenched his jaw, and tried to focus on the individual words that the official was saying. He knew he had no chance of following the meaning, but maybe he could distract himself with those individual sounds, concentrate on them hard enough to blot everything else out.
“Same meeting,” Nat confirmed. “They were travelling together – why, is there a situation that we should be aware of?”
tell me… Because you wanted to. And I thought, you know, maybe it was a long shot, but… I just knew that, no matter how much I like you, I could never be with you unless you were prepared to be with me. Unless you
Steve’s entire body was still so sensitive that he flinched at that lightest of touches, tightening painfully around that one point of contact.
“You are so strong…” Tony murmured close to his skin, peppering kisses along Steve’s shoulders in between endearments. “You’ve carried so much, so bravely…”
Steve’s expression flash with panicked elation, then soften into an overwhelmed happiness, and then relax into a pure, unashamed bliss-
Was it just that he was overwhelmed with choices, paralysed by the finality of them? Would it all come back to him when he calmed down?
…And he was talking in a different tone now. An interested, animated tone… Not friendly, but not exactly unfriendly either. Not the warm voice he’d once used, when he raced to share some new theory with Steve – but not the cool, closed off voice he’d been using since Thanos. The same voice he might’ve used in an SI meeting, or in front of a group of MIT students.
“Okay… In the meantime, can we run a full internet search for any book or article that mentions both Vampires and Consorts…” Tony mused out loud.
“Well… It’s probably fairer to say we both ended up under the table,” Selvig conceded, with a self-aware smirk. “The tech team are heading to the pub, if you want to witness my powers first-hand,” he gestured to the lab behind him, where a handful of engineers were gathering their things and trading end-of-the-day pleasantries.
But it was actually surprising hard to think, as the day wore on… and what little he could manage should really be focused on the people he was trying to talk to.
He’d lost his temper with that before sunrise, and decided to just get up for the day instead. He’d showered, and dressed, and briefly considered going for a run, just for something to do with all this pent up energy-
He might even have been reaching the point where this just felt like a date he’d have gone on in the forties – if he’d
sorry than you have to be, so… got that wrong. My bad.” He joked. And then looked at Steve more seriously, and added “You don’t have to be sorry for the rest of your life Steve. You don’t have to keep saying it.”
And he glanced back at the file reader, not really looking at it – until he happened to catch a string of alien formulas that somehow looked familiar…
Steve leant into him, one hand sliding over the back of Tony’s neck, the other still holding Tony’s hand, fingers interlaced.
Within seconds – without him even realising it – his attempt to get a hold of himself had become a desperate attempt to think about Steve.
“Oh God Steve,” Tony barked, running a harsh caress over the back of Steve’s neck, “Jesus, you are so good at this,
“The other thing…” Tony began carefully, “is that I was looking through all the data, thinking I might be able to work out another Hydra access point - you know, so we didn’t have to go back to that bunker...” He saw Steve’s shoulders sag.
Steve’s expression twisted in distaste, as he decided that wasn’t really the right word for it… But he
“I said-” But Steve was cut off as people began to pack in at all sides, jostling the two of them through an arch way, and into yet another building.
In fact, Tony was just beginning to realise that all his thoughts felt slightly different, now… That things were coming to him easier, and clearer…
Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to make his legs work fast enough, he could feel it – it would take him longer to take a single step than it would for Adam to wipe his eyes, and type that code, and take
He was excited at the prospect of yet another argument in his favour – an argument with far more basis than anything
He’d never taken Tony’s help for granted - he’d never dared dream it would be offered. Certainly, not like this. Steve had simply assumed that he would have to take down SHIELD, and rescue Bucky, and rebuild the Avengers all on his own-
Did it matter what his sense of humour was, or his politics, or the little tell-tale signs that he was angry… Did any of it matter, if it was simply never going to come up?
Instantly, and very much against his will, Steve found himself remembering every single incident, with perfect clarity…
And more to the point, there were so many other things to focus on. So many new and thrilling thoughts he was allowed to get carried away with, for the first time in his life. It really wasn’t a hardship to enjoy those things, rather than sabotage them.
“Well, we have a huge raft of tests to run today,” Tony sighed, waving a hologram into life. “A couple of scans, a bit of bloodwork, a few basic reaction tests – I’ll have to put you out again, for about fifteen minutes or so, just to test your resting and subconscious responses. And then it depends what the results are. It might be that there’s still some minor tweaking to do… but I’m
He knew it was silly, childish even. He knew that Tony’s reaction was entirely understandable; in fact, it was one of the reactions he’d spend the most time preparing for-
When Steve leaned over him, Tony didn’t bother working out that he was reaching for the side table. He didn’t bother asking himself
that had happened, but he was suddenly on his stomach, his breath momentarily knocked from his chest as it hit the mattress.
there, I still didn’t… and then The Accords happened, and I swear I tried to keep it separate. And I do know there needs to be oversight, and I didn’t even disagree with anything you were saying, it was just the other stuff, that I didn’t trust Ross and I didn’t like the tone of the document, and I did try to say why, but… I just don’t have the words for it. And when you said Wanda had been…
It wasn’t that he thought they’d finished with the complicated discussions, or that everything was going to be perfect from now on.
at that… But the words didn’t form as quickly as the feelings. Before he could even work what his objection was, Steve had carried on.
And Steve found himself grinning too, as they made their way out to the corridor – one hand holding Tony’s, the other holding onto the waist band of his jeans. He was…relieved? Happy?
Steve tried to contain that sigh of relief, that little bubble of optimism, fighting the growing temptation to ask-
Steve had accepted that, ultimately, what happened in Siberia was his fault. He knew he should never have hidden the truth about Tony’s parents, and that, without that mistake, none of it would have happened. And he wished now that he’d just called Tony as soon as Bucky told him about Zemo, and that he hadn’t fought Tony at that airport, or dragged all of his friends into a rogue mission to stop of army of super soldiers – of course he did, he knew there
. Unfortunately, in the agonising length of time that had dragged past him since, he hadn’t really gotten any further with it. It turned out that his ‘relationship’ with Tony could generate plenty of noisy, conflicting arguments, even as an isolated topic-
“Okay… Let’s start at the beginning,” Steve suggested, wearily. “I remember leaving dinner… Does anyone remember what happened right after that?”
“You can’t just take people’s memories from them” Tony gasped, the first of them to manage some sort of outburst – but Steve could see him struggling with the enormity of his outrage, too.
“Referral from friends” The other woman…the one that wasn’t Possibly-Trish, answered. “I mean, obviously I can’t say who…” But Tony was already holding up a palm, smiling,
thrown him was that he was literally in an experience more magnificent than anything he could dream up - he might genuinely be happier than he could
“Hey you,” Tony smiled, from somewhere to the left of him. Steve tensed his arms, thinking he would try to roll over and look at him – and quickly recognised how ridiculous that was.
“Well – first we’ll have to deal with the fact that I’ve literally shredded all of your clothes,” he commented, mindlessly-
His balls tightened sharply, his cock weeping steadily over his fingers as he drew closer to that limit-
They’d never once talked about it, but they’d always just acted like the other person knew… There were times when you tensed every muscle, and there were times when you could crack a joke in the middle of a firefight, and there were times when you sat there and chatted, even while you were checking the exits. It just had to be that way.
He wondered if somewhere in all the interwoven threads of timelines there existed one where Gamora hadn’t been killed by that point, or Quill hadn’t snapped at just that moment, or Tony’s team had managed to snatch the gauntlet anyway…
“And I still don’t know what sort of boyfriend I could possibly be,” Tony went on – pausing to smile at the way Steve’s face lit up when he used that word. “I mean, even before you get into the vampire stuff… I haven’t been outside this house in twenty years. I keep weird schedules and I have no idea how to take care of myself and I have a whole host of family issues that we haven’t even gotten into yet… And I want to try, with all of that. I want to do better for you, and be the best partner to you that I can be… But I also want to do better for me. Because I
that isn’t true. The sheer amount of tech and weaponry I’d be able to bring is enough on its own. And the thing is, Steve…” And then he softened into that more personal tone again, dropping his eyes as he added, “I don’t want to lose
He decided that he’d done quite enough self-discovery for one day - and, actually, he was quite pleased with himself, thank you very much. He was sure, whatever happened, he’d be glad that he’d finally crossed this Rubicon. He was sure that it really
“...I have no idea,” Bucky replied, with a shake of his head. “I walked in with Sam, but I don’t know when I lost him. I don’t think I saw Steve or Bruce after dinner - and I thought Rhodey was with you?”
.” And he took a little breath, and forced himself to look back at the beginning of his research, as a prompt. “I’m pretty sure Mallamen isn’t a city, as we’d think of it… I think it’s more like an estate… I think this building is like a Manor house, and the surrounding area is actually like a private estate… the Mallamen estate… has been here a thousand years, looks like – I think it
, you might decide that you’d be happier without that secret, or that you don’t need to keep that secret… And that’d be okay. Take it from someone who’s been there - Nick Fury will
also a small, entirely harmless, additional component that they asked me to install,” he admitted, at little more than a whisper. And then added a bit more forcefully, “which I can even remove for you, once this procedure is done. And I can assure you, it can’t do you any damage in the meantime.”
“Hey,” he smiled back, strolling through to find Tony standing at the kitchen counter, already pouring him a coffee. That warm contentment continued to spread through Steve’s chest, as he recognised all the little joys of domestic life. Having something besides empty silence to walk into. Having someone think to pour him a drink. Having someone to ask him,
And Tony smiled softly, his hand caressing over Steve shoulder, his eyes snapping up to meet Steve’s again before he answered.
considering whether he could ever reasonably call Steve his boyfriend… What meaning that term inherently carried, how it would look for them specifically…
have time to think about it. He knew he’d found some words tonight, that he’d really felt every one of them… that they’d seemed like the right words, at least at the time. But now he was second guessing himself. All too aware of all the potential pitfalls and misinterpretations of everything he might say. And maybe, if Tony was still upset or Steve was still
have to deal with those super soldiers at some point, and there will be shit to deal with whichever base we choose…”
“But the thing is, Tony.” Steve carried on, pointedly, waiting until Tony stilled again before he went onto his next point.
life. A step beyond being allowed into Tony’s workspace, something different to being allowed into his bed.
Steve knew that Tony had just hit on something difficult, that he’d realised he didn’t want to talk about this, or couldn’t… Steve
And Tony didn’t even know which one of them was saying it, at first. It took a good few minutes for any of his senses to come back to him. At least enough to recognise…
He was quite possibly turning into an actual monster, with an undeniably inhuman draw to Tony Stark and an apparently supernatural power that only manifested in Tony’s presence-
“Tony, it’s okay, it’s okay” Steve soothed. That protective instinct growing ever sharper, as Tony continued to break down-
Everything had looked so different that first night. When he and Steve had walked through these grounds in stony silence, eyes fixed firmly on The Facility as it loomed ahead of them… It had seemed so much more ominous, as a silhouette against a starry sky. Bigger. The lush green gardens had seemed to crowd around them as they walked that pathway, an unsettling feeling of being watched from the hedges… The paved courtyard in front of the building had felt so vast when then were walking across it, the stairs that lead up the main entrance had looked so grand and imposing…
“Gathering details now, sir,” JARVIS informed him, as the space above his desk lit up with a cascade of holograms. Tony would deal with that in a moment.
He heard Steve choke back a hard sob, trying to curl in on himself, his arms still pinned awkwardly behind him. And Tony waited for him to catch his breath, to steady himself, before he went on-
