“I’d drop the attitude if I were you, Miss
“We love you too baby girl,” her Pop responded, squishing her a little more into their bear hug. They finally released their daughter, helping her tuck in and get comfortable in bed, before wishing her goodnight.
She gave a small nod as she drank, remembering Peter introducing the AI to her in the elevator when she first arrived. It (he?) was unnerving, to say the least.
realizing you’re basically twins?” he asked, throwing some finger pointing in both their directions. Now it was his turn to look confused, stealing a glance at Joey whose brows were still furrowed.
“Yes I pinky promise, Petey,” Steve said as he wrapped his pinky (which was bigger than the five year old’s middle finger) around the boy’s pinky finger in promise – adding a kiss on his tiny hand for good measure.
“People look at me one of two ways; either with pity or lust. I didn’t find that from either Mr. Stark or Mr. Rogers.”
His mate was going to recover.
When he opened his eyes back up, they were blurry from the tears…
Which confirmed her suspicions about how he felt about her father.
PETER
“Oh that is…not as much fun as Steven,” she said sincerely. He laughed fondly at that, nodding in agreement.
“To Emerson!” the crowd said, watching her as she stood up from her chair, making her way over to Tony. With the biggest smile on her face, she wrapped her arms around him in a hug before turning to do the same with her Pop. “Thank you,” she whispered to both, really truly meaning it.
“Nat…” he resorted to whining.
“Yup. Let me help you to bed” she said wrapping one of his arms around her shoulder, allowing him to put weight on her as they made their way to his bedroom. Tony was quiet the rest of the way, eyes cast down even as she got him close enough to collapse on the bed.
Hadn’t noticed she had rested her head on May’s shoulder as the woman continued playing with her hair. When she did, she briefly froze in place. May simply shifted to kiss the teen’s head, not stopping petting her hair.
It got more cheers from his mate’s loved ones and a tired smile from the pup, who nodded shyly in response. Harley lifted his arms as Steve quickly brought him up to his chest before turning back to the doctor.
“Pfft. Okay Mr. Daredevil, why are you interrupting my bust?”
“I understand,” Steve admitted quietly, keeping eye contact with the man.
After Steve collected his pup and things, they made their way out and into Tony’s waiting car.
“Oh right!” Steve said with a smile, completely forgetting about that. “Do you want to do it in here?” he asked and immediately became concerned when Tony let out a few coughs. “You okay?”
“Hope I didn’t ruin your birthday, let me treat you to coffee sometime to apologize for my drunken behavior – TS. He even left his number,” Sam said impressed as he handed Steve the note and looked up at the blue balloons. Steve read it over several times as he furrowed his brows in confusion.
He hated that Peter had nightmares, usually ones that involved losing his parents - past and present.
“Richard was a great man,” Tony said remembering. “When we heard Peter was going into foster care after his aunt and uncle died, I immediately signed the paperwork to be a foster parent and well…we couldn’t shake him and ended up keeping the punk.”
“Hey we should get going if we’re going to host game night tonight,” Steve said a little louder than necessary, offering the Omega a pointed look. They had plans later with Bucky, Clint, Sam and Natasha - for the exact purpose of getting their opinion on Ty and offering emotional support.
"Yes," the princess answered as she rolled her eyes at the repeated question.
“I know Tony. I know this because I decided to trust you guys long before agreeing to move in. I know you’re not anything like my father. Good news too – she managed a small chuckle – because it means you are not my father and you’re nothing like him,” she emphasized by squeezing his forearms and maintaining eye contact with him.
“Wait,” Peter asked after he finished his bite. “Does this mean I can’t celebrate my eighteenth birthday?”
They heard gunfire coming from below, unable to place the sound as they heard men scream. They looked at each other, working harder to clear the path; finally able to move it as they rushed down to the tunnels.
“Doing better?” he asked with a shit eating grin.
Steve gently pushed Tony off his lap to hold the book again, wanting to look at the contents inside when a hand grabbed his collar and pulled him back to face the needy love of his life.
And as punishment for almost giving me a heart attack, I'm going to watch you take your meds everyday for the next two weeks." She groaned in jest.
Which he could...right?
“Okay…” he said in agreement, a small smile and pink blush on his adorable face.
“Daddy come in da pool!”
When he and his Dads had talked about it before, they had explained that Peter needed to let them talk to her. We need to show her that there are safe adults whose intention isn’t to hurt her. We’ll help her any way we can, Petey. He had to trust them, right? His Dads wouldn’t lie to them about something like this.
“Tony...none of mine were about you either…” The worry shifted to full anger as he looked incredulously back at his husband.
“Em, your Dad’s awake,” he said with a smile and a gentle tug. She turned to smile one more time at Kimberly, who smiled back before nodding her head. They both turned to go their own ways, content with closure.
His husband, who was having surgery next week. Heart surgery. And had planned on telling Joey today, telling the blonde he hadn’t wanted to ruin her fun weekend. He was suddenly scrambling his brain trying to remember if he’d wanted Steve to sit in for that conversation…
“All in due time my love, all in due time.”
“Want an out?” Steve repeated back in a confused voice.
“–Rumlow you can either go to my office or I can fire your ass right here and now. What’s it going to be?” The man looked dumbfounded and pissed, pointing a finger at Sam before turning to follow orders.
"He did," the blonde said as he joined them, carrying a baking dish covered in foil. Miles put down some pot holders so the dish didn't damage the coffee table, her Dad suddenly appearing with plates, forks and a tray of drinks.
“You...are you serious, Tony? You share a soulmate bond?” she asked, eyes watering when he nodded in response.
“Holy shit,” Tony said aloud as he ran to his bathroom to find a leftover test. He’d had a scare or two since having Harley. Luckily Steve hadn’t spent the night last night, having a job opportunity early the next day. So Tony was allowed privacy as he practically held his breath for the almost two minutes it took for the test to finish.
Complete with whip cream and chocolate shavings.
“I’d know if you were a spoiled brat, baby. Cause
"Love you guys," she said making eye contact at the two who smiled back. Her dads moved to cuddle closer together as she stood up to join her brothers, smiling at the ridiculous pair.
Tony’s mind immediately went to some aspect of Steve’s body, and was confused when the blonde didn’t start taking off his clothes after shutting the door. He watched him go to his closet, which perked the genius’ interest again as Steve reached up on a high shelf and pulled out...a notebook?
Tony returned the smile, leaning down to whisper in his ear “how does that sound, big guy?” A moan escaped the blonde’s lips before he brought his hands up to give Tony the filthiest kiss he could come up with.
“JustrememberedhavetotalktoPeteaboutbrotherstuff-” Miles rushed out as an angry Peter allowed himself to be dragged down the hallway and into the nearest bathroom.
The fact that he was ambushed was not sitting well in his stomach, even as he tried to find something edible on the menu.
Her silly, loving and ridiculous family she wouldn't trade for the world.
“Hey, no using Uncle Steve to distract me, you need to shower before settling in for movie night, my little stinky wolf cub.”
“And the bad news?” Joey asked quickly. The woman smiled at her before sitting forward in her chair to address the teen.
The universe was not in his favor, as the line clicked and he heard a polite
Joey rolled her eyes fondly as she watched May take notes; glad and grateful to get what time she could get with this woman.
She made eye contact with the super soldier, throwing him a wink before standing up to quickly shove her Dad into the pool next to him.
“Yeah, it’s…it’s nice to meet you,” Joey stuttered out. Helen simply smiled back at her in response, not looking at her like the weirdo she is.
“Chill out, Bambi. Some day when you find someone with an ass like your father’s then you too will feel the need to –”
“– HA” Steve interrupted loudly, Em continued smiling to herself.
She turned around to avoid the flirting when she saw Cara in passing. She quickly walked out of the store and called for her, just now noticing a small child with her – who couldn’t have been more than seven.
“I’d really rather not,” the blonde said honestly. It wasn’t anything against Coulson, he actually liked the guy. It was the damn heart-to-heart vibes radiating off the man. He just knew if he went down to that office Coulson would get the dam to break.
Stone coming back into Tony’s life had thrown everyone for a loop. His poor Omega was stressed and anxious and Harley’s attitude constantly changed on a dime. Sometimes he was fine with Steve, joking with the Alpha and snuggling close during movie nights.
“You’re not freaking out?” Tony asked when Steve moved back down to his flat stomach. “I mean you’re twenty three Steve…” The Alpha whipped his head up at that, an adorable confused expression written on his face.
"Gaga!" she said as Steve found himself laughing and conceding to his husband.
But he had bigger plans.
"That son of a bitch has Emerson?" his husband asked furiously, immediately going back over to suit up.
"Here, give Peter to Nanny so you guys can eat," George said to Steve, who reluctantly handed the baby over so he could more easily get out of the pool.
For reasons she can’t quite explain.
“Mr. Stark tell us when you need to scent again and I’ll bring him back,” she said with a reassuring smile. Tony smiled as he watched her go, feeling sad but content.
Tony needed to have this conversation one on one with his girl.
“I wanted to get to know you,” the older woman said, sitting back with a sigh after the woman had left.
The shorter man crossed his arms over his chest, finally looking up at Steve.
“I’m sorry Mr. Rogers. I’m Emerson, I go to school with Peter. He told me about you, it’s nice to finally meet the Captain America,” she said, shaking his outstretched hand.
“Because you amuse me, Barton,” Steve quipped back, readjusting Harley in his lap as the toddler snuggled closer to his Papa. The archer only stuck his tongue out at him in response, adjusting the baby in his lap before the group settled into a comfortable silence watching cartoons together.
“Okay...everything’s been okay with your dad?” Steve asked tentatively, watching Tony put his shoes back on.
“Peter is with his Aunty Pepper for the rest of the weekend. I was going to run some errands…but it looks like you could use some company.”
“I’m sorry, what?!” Clint asked in anger, joining them with fury seeping from his scent.
“Want me to kick his ass for you?” Nat slurred as Clint put a reassuring hand on her arm.
That’s when she noticed they had what looked like boxed flashlights in their hands.
“You need a bath,” he said quietly, waiting expectantly for the tantrum to begin.
“Fine! Jesus you drama queen I’ll go see Bruce, will that make you happy?”
He should’ve ended it sooner.
“Pop, feel sorry for me, I’m basically a widow!” The blonde gave her his infamous unimpressed look before settling his hands on his hips. Her Dad kissed her head with a chuckle before he extracted himself from their hug in order to pour himself a cup of coffee.
Her stance only lasted another second, before her arms waved frantically again; further explaining herself to Steve.
“Why was Father with that woman?” Steve sighed, squeezing the pup’s legs before answering.
“Bucky, please,” Steve said as Tony kissed Morgan before handing the much calmer baby to Clint. “Clint’s injured and this is too last minute to call anyone.” Daci just stayed in his arms, waiting for him to decide and smiling when he leaned back against the couch with a groan.
"Jamie! How's my favorite grandson doing?" Tony asked as they saw his moms and baby sister join them.
“Because I want to encourage my daughter, Steven,” the nineteen year old said with a smile, only ever using his full name to annoy him. Joey took that opportunity to crawl over her uncle’s leg and towards the couch, where the camera sat.
The blonde laughed fondly at him, walking over to stand in front of his husband, still giving him the chance to lead this discussion.
He sat next to the two on the couch, once again grateful for autopilot as they returned home.
She waved off his hands after she was up on two legs, instantly reaching out to the couch for stability. Bucky took a step back as she practically glared at the two men. Then, finding a loophole, she used the couch for support as she walked over to her uncle.
“Behave, kids. We have guests,” their Pop said with a pointed look as she went to the kitchen and brought a tray of lemonade. “Harley, would you like some lemonade sweetheart? George also made his famous chocolate chip cookies.”
“Tony!” Joey said a little more forcefully, obviously upset with this confession.
Peter couldn't help but laugh a little at that, wondering if he was being honest as he finished packing his own suitcase. Wade slung his backpack over his shoulder before walking over to Peter, kissing him on the cheek before saying his goodbye.
“Hey Pete, come on, I’ll give you a piggy back ride to the car,” she offered the toddler; impressing the genius as she simultaneously ended their day without fuss and took some of the weight off Tony’s back…literally. The boy squealed in response, grabbing onto the teen as she squatted down to help him. The three walked quietly back to the car, Tony only having to help Joey a little with the buckling up of Pete’s car seat – as the unconscious toddler always made it a tad difficult. The ride back was long, as there was an accident up ahead on their route, though neither of the two seemingly minding as the radio played.
. But
“How are you even real?” he asked before quickly pulling the blonde into a kiss, climbing onto his lap to deepen it. Steve was unlike any Alpha he had ever met, and Tony was selfishly going to keep him for himself for as long as he lives.
that had the brunette opening his mouth reluctantly. Peter quickly placed it under his tongue as he turned to check on his siblings.
"It is, actually," Loki countered.
Isaac was sleepy from the drive, so Peter carried him in, bringing up the rear while Lilli ‘raced’ Wade and Leo to the door.
“Okay Steeb,” he said, rubbing his eyes adorably and laying his head on his dad’s shoulder. He looked up at Tony, who had a shocked and genuinely offended expression on his face.
“Seriously? You need to grow the fuck up, man. Not my fault you’re too chicken shit to leave the closet-” he stopped talking to dodge a punch from Brock, which was especially easy considering how drunk the other teen was.
Peter was shell-shocked. Speechless. He knew he wasn’t the best at keeping secrets, but his biggest was already known by the person it was about?
“You’re a goddamn Neanderthal, you know that?” Clint sassed at him, trying and failing to move his arms to counter the attack. They were wedged below some sexy thighs...so it was hard -
“Not that, sweetie,” Tony said behind his cup of coffee. She looked back and forth between the two men, still confused.
“You’re right, come on. I’ll let you pick the place,” Steve said, extending his hand to help Sam off the couch. The other man quickly obliged, letting Steve pull him up before they both offered a quick bye to Sharon and made their way out of the station. There was a sandwich shop two blocks from the station and Steve didn’t have to ask the man to know where he’d choose to eat.
“No, I was going to but I decided I wanted you with me to tell her,” the smaller man said with a small blush on his cheeks.
“I can see that. Thank you for helping him. How about I make us some breakfast?” he asked as he got off the bed to change into more comfortable clothes and out of his uniform. She sat, frozen, contemplating whether or not to tell Steve and decided to, knowing he would find out either way.
"I can't believe I even have to say this, but no witchcraft in the living room," Tony said as he walked around to greet their guest.
“Let us look into Vivienne, you go see Clint and Daci,” Steve added, as if reading his thoughts. That’s when he noticed Romanov standing up and leaving the room. He turned back to Steve, wondering what he did to deserve a friend like him - one who was still kind even after he’d been a completely idiotic asshole. But then that equally dumb blonde smiled back at him, the same smile he’d seen a hundred times after Buck had saved his ass and scolded him for fighting in the first place.
The steaming milk distracted him from his thoughts as the hot liquid spilled over the cup and onto the counter.
James’ family had welcomed him back with open arms, which admittedly freaked him out a little. His siblings had even tackled the older blonde when they found out they were dating. His parents had also invited him to dinner...every night for a week. It was just so domestic and...happy, that Clint felt obligated to hold onto it as long as possible.
“How would I get in trouble?” Harley asked, only half way paying attention to the adults.
“Of course baby,” he reassured him as he glanced in the rear view mirror. “Why do you ask?”
“He knows what he did!” his Dad answered loudly, getting a chuckle out of the other two when they heard a small ‘beep’ in defiance.
!” she laughed as she squirmed away from him to sit back by Tony. Steve let her go, returning her mock glare as she grabbed Tony’s arm to wrap around herself – smirking at the blonde to remind him of her ‘favorite father’.
“Start groping you, totally on it babe.”
“I think I’m done drinking,” Bruce said as Thor tried to pour him another glass.
Long story short, Bucky was pretty furious and now she has to be clothed whenever she’s out with him.
“Well, honey, I lied,” the brunette said with a simple shrug of his shoulders.
“Say that again, just for the record,” Tony teased between yawns. Steve found himself smiling despite his ridiculous man.
“Wow,” Tony breathed out, warmth in his chest before he remembered something that made him feel cold. “Steve?”
“Ack! Papa plea-aase!” she laughed out, holding onto him as he opened her car door. She stayed limp and laughing on his shoulder a moment longer before he helped her down to sit in the car. She quickly closed her door in embarrassment, buckling up as her Pop went to the driver’s side to join her.
“No.”
“We?” Tony choked out, feeling frozen in fear and realization before he even saw the man. His godfather stepped to the side, revealing the devil himself. Howard was standing there silently, anger in his eyes and a slight sway to his stance.
It had the Alpha collapsing onto his knees, wrapping his arms around his stomach in pain.
“Omega?” Bucky asked as he gently sat on the blonde’s lap, like there weren’t three other people in the room. They did that often, acted like there was no one else in the world but them.
“Dad never really talked about his father…but his friend Gabe told me about the man that hurt him and Pop. That’s when not wanting Barnes made more sense. So…for a while there I was kind of waiting for Steve to adopt me, wondering what was taking him so long to give me Rogers. And…I kinda got hooked on the idea of Rogers. Then Pop said he was dropping Rogers after you guys got married and I…it all just felt like too much change. Does that make any sense?” she asked the billionaire.
That was something he’d come to love about Tony as a father. When one of the babies was hurt, he often times gave that one extra attention. While still showing the others love and affection. It hurt whenever Tony doubted his parenting abilities just because of his horrible father.
“They’ll get her back, Peter,” he heard his family friend say. He nodded, mostly to be polite, as he looked back the direction the van had left. That was the only lead they had. The white van had been too far away for him to read the plates when he had made it to the street. Frantically looking around for any witnesses, anything that could help him find her. The street was empty except for a couple that was two blocks away. He saw one start making his way towards him, the other already on the phone – no doubt calling the police. He felt Wade stand behind him while his eyes made contact with a familiar smart phone on the pavement, bending down to pick it up.
Cara suggested they leave the mall, walking with her to a nearby field where they sat in the tall grass. She pulled out some stuff out of her purse as Joey watched in confusion.
“How far along are you bambino? Do you know the gender yet?” Maria asked, reaching over to rub Tony’s belly.
He decided to get a cup of coffee and ditched school for the day. He’d use the voice app in his phone to call the school in a bit and use his Dad’s voice to say Tony was sick for the day.
Which still brought tears to her eyes.
"Miles does need the flowers more, he's stinky," Wade teased as Peter chuckled a little at the coincidence. Miles laughed and started to protest but Peter interrupted him.
Tony was instantly lifted up into the air and laughed as Steve seamlessly stood up with Tony in his arms and marched them to the bedroom.
Or maybe she'd been watching too many Disney movies lately. Either way she did not enjoy the long flight over, glad when her Dad finally announced they were landing soon. She looked out the window and was wonderfully distracted by the scenery.
Tony could’ve stayed there forever, the genius’ hand caressing the blonde’s face as they slid around his neck to pull him even closer. Except they were interrupted suddenly.
The Omega squeezed his hand, returning the love through the bond and letting his own thankfulness wash over him.
“No, I took her phone away yesterday.”
“I never said he was perfect!” he said in defense.
The same one who weeks ago told her parents her goal was to become a ‘trophy wife.’
“Yeah, baby?” he returned as he ran his hand through the boy’s blonde curls.
The Alpha offered the pup a smile, but the boy just kept his head down and followed Steve into the gym.
Lucy could never replace Samantha.
He smiled and sat up a little as his father made his way over to his bed. The teen had still kind of expected more lecturing, but was pleasantly surprised when instead he moved some of his blankets, kicking his shoes off to climb in with him.
"Excuse you," Peter said with restrained anger, "I was raised by two gay men so I'm pretty sure my little brother will turn out fine."
He thanked his host and packed his back when the time came, taking a look at the mansion one more time before heading to the door.
“M---TOO---OLD” Peter managed between fits of laughter. Steve’s eyes widened, “are you serious? Still with the age jokes?”
bring it up.”
“I forgot to grab the pool toys, I’ll be right back,” the blonde said as he began to walk away.
“Well, the good news is that this is a simple fix…”
“I told
She was so fucking thankful that he fucking
“Yeah,” Tony said with a smile and blush, wrapping his arms around his stomach and feeling butterflies whenever he thought of his Alpha. “You’re right.”
Oh man, still not ready for Infinity War. It's why I decided to make this a series - cause I refuse to accept MCU's version. Hope you enjoyed it! <3
So it didn’t help Tony’s anger when he called Tiberius ten times on the car ride home but was met with voicemail after voicemail. The school had promised to reprimand the little shit and called in his parents, but all Tony was concerned about was getting his pup safe and back home.
“Mhmm and in those seven and a half months, has she ever called you Pops?”
“Sorry about him, he’s clearly the worst,” Clint muttered as he leaned down to pick Lucky up, cheeks still pink as he leaned into his boyfriend’s embrace. James wrapped one arm around him while the other pet their puppy.
His large hand didn’t slow down as he rained swats up and down her backside.
“No, no, I’m just teasing, Daci. I promise I’m not upset, sweetheart. Like Steve said, I’m just happy it wasn’t a curse word, considering who her Dad is. Plus it just means Morgan likes you a whole lot,” Tony added and gestured to the laughing baby. Daci’s gaze turned to the baby girl which always put a smile on her face.
He closed his eyes as he made himself take a few breaths, willing himself to calm down enough to go work out his anger.
“Alright you two, I’ll be back before the sun comes up,” he said quietly, realizing she was mostly asleep. “Huh, she doesn’t look so riled up to me. Looks like you won’t even have to read her a story tonight, just pj’s and she’ll be lights out.”
His mom was honestly better at this, and had way more patience, especially when it came to the tiny tyrant terrorist. He wished she was back from work, knowing he wasn’t as good a reader as she was and not particularly wanting to entertain the screaming goblin.
“I told Dad I’d start seeing a therapist,” she admitted with a red face as he looked at her once more. “I did want to talk to you guys but…lately it’s been like you two tip toe around my feelings. And I…I don’t want you guys…you’ll think of me differently.” She whispered the last words out, dripping with pain that implied some hidden horrors they didn’t know about. His arms reached out, waiting for her to accept the offer.
It was a picture of a rabbit with a graduation cap, adorable and heart warming as she turned back to the Dean; shaking his hand and accepting the diploma before turning back to her family and thrust her diploma in the air.
patrolling at night, with the plan to eventually go back to school and get a degree?" Peter nodded at the blonde, knowing he had that dude wrapped around his finger long ago, not long after first wrapping Tony around it. His Pop leaned down to whisper in his other father's ear, who nodded in confirmation.
Her Dad offered her some fresh fruit, smiling behind her for some reason. She looked confused at him before taking some of offered food. Just as she stuffed her mouth full her Dad coughed loudly to get her attention, motioning behind her with his chin. She turned around, eyes bulging as she saw the most beautiful woman on the planet walking towards her, looking offended.
"Do you remember the way she described our father?" she asked, Peter finally realizing where she was going with this.
“Enjoy the rest of your evening,” Sam said as Steve quickly followed him back to the elevator, blushing the entire way as he heard the man shout after them.
"Well, how do you know he wasn't killing bad guys?" Emerson asked sincerely as she stole another glance at Wade - who was looking everywhere but at the other three people in the room.
“I told you my life was complicated,” Steve said almost sadly with a small smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can I see him?” he asked with hope.
“Hey Steve,” Tony said with a bright smile, pulling the blonde inside and steering him towards the kitchen. “Here let me help with those groceries. I told you I could’ve had it delivered!”
"No, you're right,
“I told you that in confidence!”
“Thanks for the warning,” Joey said sincerely, nibbling on a French fry as she’d suddenly lost her appetite.
Fuck did Tony really not see how much Steve loved him? How head over heels he was for him?
"Oh! Poppy, we brought flowers to Grampa Bucky!" he said in excitement, moving around to face Steve.
Em couldn’t help but smile at that. She knew he was probably drinking out of stress but she also remembers Peter telling her about one of the few times he had seen his father drunk – and how funny the man had been. “I’ll go help him J.”
"You...you can't actually do that."
“Takes after his Daddy,” he said fondly.
Clint found a bow small enough for her and had her practice with a target. It didn’t take her long before she hit the bullseye, at which point the blonde let out a triumphant yell that had Daci smiling in equal excitement.
The summer before his senior year had simultaneously dragged on as it had flashed by, both from torture and happiness. He was probably being a little over-dramatic, but to be fair – he had been both grounded and dumped in the first half and had finished a certain… “project” he was working on during the second half. His thoughts are quickly interrupted when someone bumps into him as he was staring blankly into his open locker. It had been in passing, but his recent instincts put his body into a stiff overdrive – so he took a moment before letting his body relax as he once again looked into his locker.
Her Tati must’ve showered cause his shaggy hair was wet. He was standing in between the archer’s legs, who was sitting on the kitchen counter as the two gazed at each other like lovesick puppies. She’d heard her aunt call them that. It made sense.
“Yup,” Steve said as he pulled his boy in for a hug and kiss, grabbing his hand to lead the way to the wedding.
“Tony! Good to see you. You remember my niece, Sunset?” Obie asked as Tony’s ex-girlfriend sauntered over to her seat - beautiful as ever. Long, strawberry-blonde hair swayed in the wind as she sat down, a predatory smile on her face.
No surprise, he won homecoming king. And even though Ashley won queen, Tony found himself smiling anyway. Cause Steve had scanned the crowd to make eye contact with him and threw him a wink.
“-yes, well do you remember promising to have a conversation when I was sober?” he rushed out, cheeks flushing in embarrassment. Bucky looked back at him a moment before his own cheeks flushed, before his gaze immediately dropped the the floor.
“You’re uh…just late coming home today,” he said lamely.
Neither made it through the ceremony without tears, turning to see not many others in attendance had either. Except Peter, who looked happy but a little bored.
“Well, that’s okay too,” Kate said, still smiling. “Anything I should know so we can work well together?” That got a genuine smile from Emerson.
“No,” he replied defensively, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Tony, honey look at me,” she said gently, continuing when he finally did look at her. “Steve loves you. I didn’t think it was possible for anyone to love you more than Jim and I, but
“Well well well, I can’t believe you actually showed up.”
He felt several soft kisses to the back of his neck before his husband’s hands moved to grip his waist. Steve brought his hands down as Tony turned him around to face him. He wrapped his arms around his husband’s waist as his love moved to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck. Steve pulled him in to kiss, relishing moments like this that they get together.
His first was a blow job, but he’d take kisses too.
“No I just...what we had was so long ago, you know? And you’ve got a kid to think about…” Clint trailed off, picking absently at the bed sheet and not looking Bucky in the eye. So it wasn’t that he didn’t have feelings for Bucky and was letting him down...it was he doubted Bucky’s feelings for
"Me too."
“My name’s Tiberius Stone. Been on and off with Tony since we were sixteen? The true love of his life?” the stranger said as he puffed his chest out.
“I’m sorry I scared you Pete, I just went for a walk. I left a note but I think I left it too high for you to see it,” she explained gracefully, rocking the happy toddler in her arms.
“Don’t bullshit a bullshitter, Tony.”
“You know what I mean,” the brunette clarified with a smile in his voice. “What do you want me to do to help?”
“What if you came over next weekend for a sleepover?” Ty asked, cause he was a dick Alpha with no boundaries or common courtesy.
Harley had made him a "World's Best Papa" mug, thanks to his Aunt Tasha who had recently taken on pottery. The Alpha had cried and hugged his older pup until Harley was giggling and trying to break away. Tony watched them fondly as the family of four spent the morning cuddling on their king size bed.
Peter stood there another moment, absorbing all of those words before sighing heavily and continuing their walk back to the car, husband walking next to him.
“Yeah well…thanks. And I will,” he said with a blush as he watched his brother smile back at him before turning back to the kids’ snack.
and not only
She could only gawk at his back as he walked towards the weights.
“You just wait, jerk,” Steve quipped back with a mock glare before turning around to focus his attention on cooking. They sat in comfortable silence for a bit before he couldn’t take it anymore. “So talk to me, what’s bothering you?” he asked, taking a chance to bring it up first. He could tell it paid off when he heard the brunette sigh behind him.
“Hey man,” Steve said as he made his way over to sit next to his friend.
“Cause it…damages my adolescent brain?” she said with no confidence, the drug affecting her memory.
So, Clint did the only rational and sensible thing he could think of.
“How’d you know I’d need you?” Tony asked after he reluctantly pulled away.
“Cause! You guys already act like you’re married since Clint moved to our floor. Both of you put me to bed at night. And I already think of him as my other parent. Plus the front office has to call you for approval if he wants to pick me up from school.”
," she finishes with a chuckle and a look at the genius.
“Me too,” the blonde said as he leaned over to kiss the love of his life. “Maybe later I can uh…put
These last few months have been hard. A lot has been on her plate…and her cup of sanity was already dangerously close to spilling over.
“You’re a man of science, shouldn’t we at least test that hypothesis first?” his husband growled into his ear, before spinning Tony around and kissing him fiercely.
She smiled back at him before shifting to lay on her side, arms tucked around her middle.
(See the end of the chapter for
She sits in the cell with the other teens, head resting in her hands as she does her best to calm her racing thoughts.
baths, especially when they were during the day. It almost felt like a trick…
And therein lied the problem.
Her little brother was hiding behind their Dad, suddenly shy as he peered around the brunette's leg to look at the King. Their Dad laughed as he gently pulled Miles to stand next to him to meet the man.
“Pop I’m in grief!” she bit back at him in surprise.
Fate was not on her side this afternoon when a familiar car pulled up in front of her. She felt her cheeks blush as May rolled down the window to her car and smiled at her.
“Yeah smartass. A dad and a stepmom, but everyone in the house and a three block radius suffers from bedtime at the Barnes’ house,” Bucky said with a smile as he also took a bite. There was one piece left on the plate and they were sharing it.
“I’ll help you Papa!”
However.
“Can I sleep in here with you tonight?” she whispered, suddenly feeling exhausted. “I uh… I miss them too you know.”
“You aren’t responsible for my life just like you weren’t responsible for Samantha’s,” Peter added, “still love you, lil sis.”
His heart broke a little, which he didn't think was possible after the day he had, at Clint's lost expression.
“You want Papa to help you do a handstand?” he asked the girl with a smile, not waiting for an answer as he gently grabbed her chubby little legs to flip her upside down. The baby burst out laughing, hands trying to stay still on the floor as the others joined them.
“Yeah, Mama. He’s the one. This bond, it’s...incredible. Like nothing I’ve ever felt before. I know I haven’t brought him here before, but I wanted to be sure before introducing you two to him.”
“Emerson, if you ever want to talk about Samantha or…take flowers to her grave or anything…” he trailed off when he saw her drop her towel. He reached down to hand it back to her, noting the tears in her eyes at the mention of her little sister.
"And you're Iron Man, I think you can handle it," the blonde replied smugly.
She finally focused on her destination, taking the elevator to the top floor and around the hallway corner to her Dad’s office. His assistant was there and turned to greet her.
} She actually flinched at him, which she hadn’t done in a long time. Clint released her but stayed close for comfort as Peter moved to stand in between her and her Tati.
“Oh I’m sorry, how exactly are you competition?” he asked condescendingly.
, huh bud? Because yes she was bad, but what she did last night doesn’t mean she loves you or me or Papa any less. I think you’re most upset she wasn’t with
“Don’t worry, we’re the ones that get to take him home,” Steve whispered before placing a kiss on his cheek. Tony smiled as he stroked the strong arms wrapped around his middle.
And then realized what Cara was planning.
He held her phone the fuckers had purposefully left on the sidewalk, dumb enough to take my sister but smart enough to make it hard to trace her. He could hear Wade talking on the phone to his father, but the noises were muddled together with the nearby traffic and the sound of the blood pounding in his ears. He jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder, looking up at a winded Happy who was waiting for them a few blocks away.
"You don't wanna unwrap any presents on your birthday?" Steve asked sadly. Tony laughed a little at his husband and his adorable ways; he was always in charge of wrapping gifts and loved seeing him and his kids unwrap gifts.
to get out.
“I didn’t say this was a date Mr. Stark,” Steve said, rolling his eyes fondly and smiling more than he has in weeks.
“You’re not going to slug me?” Clint asked as he reached out to grab the brunette’s arm.
"Which part, paying some bitches to trigger my seizures or the fact he got his ass handed to him by a girl?"
“Daci! Have you met Hulk yet? Hulk, this is Daci, she’s Uncle Bucky’s daughter!” Peter cried in excitement, running over to Daci and grabbing her hand before bringing her back to the Hulk. She was so momentarily shocked from being in the presence of a giant she didn’t care that Peter had grabbed her hand.
The only reason he was even drinking was because of stupid Steve – who is he kidding, even in his own head he regrets that. He had been on a mission for seventeen days. SEVENTEEN DAYS! Which has meant seventeen nights of little sleep worrying about his husband’s wellbeing. Let’s not forget to add the fact that his son was on day five of seven spending his time at a stupid science camp!
He became friends with Harry Osborn, who was a year younger and looking to make friends. He was actually kind of cool, and Miles sympathized being the son of a rich genius. Both had pretty huge shoes to fill, though Miles also had Captain freaking America as his other parent.
"Haircut?" Tony said as his interest perked.
On the elevator ride up, she finally said “I’m sorry Tati, I saw a man trying to take Peter and I...I didn’t think.”
“No buddy, you need to nap, Steve will go find Joey.”
“What happened to her?” Tony asked as he grabbed the coffee maker and roast.
“You guys, you’ve haven't been down here five minutes, how are you already dirty?” he whined as he looked around for some clean towels.
“I’m glad you’re not my father, Tony” she said once again, this time casting her eyes downward, releasing her grip before confessing.
He’d never seen Harley like this, he was...terrified. Steve momentarily wondered if he was suddenly scared of his father when another thought occurred to him.
“You sure we can’t meet this Wilson kid before you go? Share some embarrassing stories, snap a few pictures?”
the ice.”
“Miss Emerson, based on your heart rate and physical symptoms I believe you are having a ‘panic attack.’ I can help you through this…”
“Oh no, Ms. Potts, this is decaf,” he said as he handed Tony the drink. The genius just stared back at the man, shock on his face as the new hire simply set the drink down in front of him.
"What are you going to do for money, Peter? Your inheritance can't be spent until your twenty first birthday," his Pop pointed out, slightly more disappointed than mad.
“Tell me about it.”
This will be Leo’s first time meeting his family. Pete had called his Pops the night before to prepare everyone and warn them to behave themselves.
With a smile on her face she turned to Peter and said, “Cause they’re me, Peter. My name means ‘wolf’ in Romanian.” Her Tati had explained that to her and shown her pictures of the creatures numerous times.
“And what did you find, Miss Smith?” the kind mediator asked encouragingly. Peter liked her.
He got home late that evening, trying to squeeze a week’s worth of work into a day. At the very least it meant he could sleep in tomorrow.
“Yes I do…”
“Mad I see. Well pup, looks like you could punch something.” Harley’s scent immediately changed as he looked up at Steve, who momentarily forgot about the circumstances and just felt the love he had for this pup.
“Love you too, sexy,” Steve replied, finally feeling sleep claim him.
That’s when the light bulb went off in Steve’s head, the color from his face draining.
After thanking his host and updating them, he went somewhere he never thought he’d ever go voluntarily in his entire life.
He didn’t really receive a confirmation as Harley stayed quiet and watched his movie, but the fact he didn’t outwardly oppose the name made Steve a little more confident.
– hummed in approval before grabbing the smaller man’s ass and pulling the two of them up to a standing position. Tony wrapped his arms around his neck for balance and squawked again, laughing at this ridiculous person he’d been lucky enough to marry.
“Fuck, okay…” he said before sighing heavily.
“Yup,” she said as they walked out, Steve assuring they’d leave the mess for now. “Thanks Tony,” she said as she slipped into the backseat.
“What the actual fuck is wrong with you?!” he shouted at the startled teen. She still looked furious back at him, sitting on the couch in surprise while he tried his best not to loom over her.
“Look, I know you’re going through a lot right now. So I’ll let this one slide. But if I see you doing something stupid like this again, I’ll send you straight to Hill. Understood?” Clint nodded in response, sensing the man had more to say while also knowing how credible that threat was. “Barton you’re a good kid with great talent. I know that you...you have a lot on your mind right now. But suffering alone won’t help you.”
Now if only she could mentally prepare for messy ‘art’ with the Starks.
“He’s right in that it’s not fair for you two to see your parents so affectionate. So while you two are cleaning,” he explained, taking the coffee cup out of his offended husband’s hands to place on the counter. “We’ll be using one of the rooms you don’t occupy.”
“No…sorry. I’m way too old to be doing this,” she said even as he opened the door invitingly. He smirked and even rolled his eyes at her.
That was Tony’s take away from all those fucking tests that Bruce ran for him. He might’ve said ‘minor heart surgery’ but all Tony heard was that he’d need to go under to be cut open for a huge serious surgery.
She glared at him with a smile as he started the car and turned to back up. He only offered a shrug.
That was, until they were caught by a chaperone.
“Yes my sweet bambino,” Tony said as he carefully put his son next to him on his bed, grabbing his pup’s hand and placing them on his belly. “Do you wanna say something to them? They can hear you.”
“Come color!” Isaac decided for him, grabbing the boy’s hand as he followed the toddler to the coffee table. Peter stood up, taking a step back when the boy eyed him wearily. He felt his husband’s hand grab his, squeezing reassuringly while leading him into the kitchen.
“I never said Papa!” she countered with a laugh, struggling to free herself in his clutching embrace.  Steve ignored her in favor of embarrassing his girl further.
When Clint was safely in a bed, Bruce made his way back while Nat stayed behind, sitting by Clint’s bedside. Bucky and Daci sat outside his room, able to see his sleeping form through the glass wall. It was about another hour until Clint’s eyes opened, and in that time father and daughter sat quietly.
“I’m not!” he pouted at her.
“Alright, you two keep having fun while I eat what’s left of the cake all. By. Myself,” James said in a sing-song voice, which immediately had the two blondes conceding.
“Right, so Dad said
“It is Friday, Stevie. Tony asked us to come stay for a few days to help,” his Pop said with a smile, taking what looked like packages of food to the kitchen.
“Wanna help me cool her off, Peter?”
Peter turned to look at her with betrayal; arms failing again to dramatically emphasize his silent point.
“Wow...thanks, Dad,” Tony said sincerely as he heard his stomach growl.
The Omega’s scent helped, but it was the Prime Alpha’s that would make all of this go away.
As she was getting him some water and aspirin - judging by the rummaging sounds of cabinets – Tony made his way up the bed and under the covers to tuck himself in. Hot tears, unwanted and treasonous, began spilling at the realization that Emerson had seen him drunk. Memories of her case-file came flooding back and only increased the pain in his chest at the sudden anxiety. Her biological father – the fucker who could do this to his own goddamn spawn, he thought bitterly – would drink before beating her. Drink or do drugs before using her and then selling her to his friends to get more drugs and alcohol. Not to mention previous foster fathers who acted similarly. And here he was, lying to her for the last six months that they would give her a better life.
“Stop pretending you’re the innocent one here, I’ve experienced your kinks first hand, mister,” the brunette said while pointedly rubbing his ass into Steve’s crotch.
He found out when one of his father’s interns texted him about it. They had made out once over the summer and she texted him to let him know that Obadiah Stane, who has been like an uncle in Tony’s life and was his actual godfather, had left the company.
That she would ever want more than what she was blessed with – hearing her Dad remind her
“Oh, and this is my single friend, Steve,” the redhead said once she spotted him. Steve was prepared to reprimand her for telling a total stranger that he was single when the words got caught in his throat. Turning to face him was the most gorgeous man Steve has ever seen in his life.
“No,” Bucky said as he stared at the hand on his arm.
“Hey!” she said, turning to him offended. “He needs to apologize…”
Embarrassed, she leapt off the couch and stood shaking while her father came sprinting back into the room with Peter and Harley trailing behind him. She looked up at the man who was looking between Clint and Daci as his eyes tried to assess the situation. Clint slowly raised his hands as Daci took another step back, feeling guilty at the fear in the man’s eyes.
“You wouldn’t have let me see her anyway!” she said, feeling her own anger grow in her chest at this emotional ambush.
“Well, his loss is our gain,” Bucky said before turning to Steve. “I like him Steve, you should fuck him.” Steve’s entire face and neck blushed red in mortification.
“Clint...I love you. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you...will you marry me?” James asked nervously as the blonde was still trying to process what was in front of him.
Tony obviously wasn’t paying attention, either buying him and Clint the entirety of the concession stand or cheering on whoever’s pants were tightest. Clint only paid attention when it had to do with his boyfriend, otherwise focusing solely on inhaling all the food Tony purchased.
“Come on,” the super soldier nudged his son. “Let’s go see if your sister wants go out for the day, just the four of us.” Glad to see his son really smile again, the captain joined hands with his husband as they followed their son out.
for his husband.
“No,” Steve said as he pulled her onto his lap, engulfing her in a bear hug and soaking in her words. “You have nothing to apologize for, I should’ve requested today off. I’m so sorry Jo, if I remembered you wouldn’t have ended up drunk at his grave.”
“Hi Peter.”
“So you’re okay with…
Steve turned to his husband before gently scooting Tony over to make room for the super soldier. He carefully sat next to his love, moving his hand to gently touch his chest. The arc reactor was dim under the hospital gown, but he knew it well enough to draw every detail…which he has done several times in his drawing pads. He moved his hand to grab Tony’s, gently pulling it up so he could cradle it with both hands. He leaned down and placed a few dozen tiny kisses to his hand, eyes closed while he did it. He moved to lay his love’s hand against his cheek, opening his eyes to look again at his Tony.
“Yeah, do you remember what happened, baby?” Tony asked, one hand still rubbing his son’s back while the other curled around his round stomach.
He had people in his corner, he needed to remember that.
“And you’re letting Pop attend that?” she asked with a quirked brow. He chuckled at his daughter before responding.
“I want to show you something,” she said before gently reaching into her bag to pull out a blue folder. She handed it to Emerson who opened it carefully.
“Okay. That still doesn’t answer my question, why are you lying to your boyfriend?”
“You’re getting my expensive pants dirty,” Tony pointed out.
…” she said with a smile and a head shake towards the little girl.
“I appreciate it Tony, I really do. And I may hold it to you later when we aren’t within earshot of Captain Rule-Follower – this earned a snort from Tony and a scoff from Steve – but for now I think I’d just like breakfast. And maybe…I mean. I don’t know what you guys are doing today or have plans, I know you are both busy people –”
"What makes you think I wouldn't
, she thought bitterly to herself,
A few bruises and cuts, but still the same ridiculous dad. His smile grew when he saw her, eyes staying on him even as her Pops moved her to take his place on the bed. She handed her Pops the folder absentmindedly.
need to apologize, pumpkin,” the genius said with a frown.
"He did," Steve added, also in amazement.
. Not necessarily the one you're bonded to or...share DNA with…” Steve admitted with an adorable blush, before turning back to the pup in his arms. “You’re safe, bear. You’re home with me and your Daddy,” the older blonde said, pushing a tiny bit of his own Voice to bring the pup back to them.
The rest of the class stared in awed confusion at the celebrity while Joey wished she was invisible – cringing when the man made his way to join them in the hallway. Mr. Jefferson closed the door behind him so the other students couldn’t listen in.
He was saved from the two teenagers having trouble formulating words when the principal waved him back to his office. As he walked back he realized his imagination had gotten the better of him, imagining Peter and Emerson sitting across from each other with possible bruises. What he saw when he opened the door, was not necessarily any better.
“You can tell her that later,” Tony said after kissing his shoulder. “She might need a few minutes to cool off.” Steve considered his words, but still didn’t know how to tell a kid it’s okay that someone that was supposed to love them didn’t…
“You ready to go home?” Steve asked with a smile to their girl. She nodded her head sleepily before raising her arms up at the blonde. His husband quirked a brow at her as Tony heard the doctor leave to give them some privacy.
“Yes. I got custody of her after he died almost five years ago. It really…threw my whole world for a loop. I lost my big brother and gained custody of his daughter. Dropped out of art school, changed careers to become an EMT cause I knew it was more financially stable.” Tony let the words soak in, frowning at the sacrifices he had to make.
“Um…no. He still isn’t feeling well,” she replied.
The blonde blinked a few times before opening his mouth in silence.
Which was obviously suspicious.
Later, when he pulled up to the gate, he suddenly found himself nervous. It was easy to forget Tony was the son of a millionaire and therefore lived in a mansion. It was intimidating, but it didn’t stop Steve from entering the code and following the driveway to the entrance.
Wade looked at him a long moment, before saying, “Yes. I’m pan, Peter.”
“I wouldn’t have to read your mind if you would
“This could be your only chance to have your own pup, and you're letting the Omega make the decision?” Tony choked out, disbelief in his voice.
“Look, I just…I’m moving in with my aunt in Idaho and wanted to say sorry…and goodbye…”
“I don’t know how to swim,” the boy said dejectedly, as if they would judge a seven year old for not knowing how to swim.
“What do you want to drink to wash down those cookies Peter Pan?” Tony cooed to the boy, offering Steve a smirk before going to the fridge, daring the man to stop him.
"Hey hang on one minute," Peter said as he stood up and put his hands on his hips, they were going to need to change the line up for movie night.
He was proud of his friends.
Of course she still loved her Dad. And Steve. And now Tony.
“Few years ago…” the teen mumbled, and Steve was getting the sense this guy didn’t brag about himself as often as everyone said he did. Or if he did, it was some kind of act.
“Pssst, May, Steve wants to talk to you. If you could…keep our stories straight…I told him we ran into each other – let’s say at a bookstore – and you invited me over for tea…” she pleaded, glad to see the woman laugh and reach for the phone with a nod.
“Hey cub, how’s it going in here?” She finally looked up but could only shrug at her Tati, who offered her a kind smile in return. He walked over and sat by the tub before putting his flesh hand in. “Oh wow, that feels good. Come here.” It was a gentle command, but it helped Daci move her feet towards him.
“You’re bonded?” Steve asked in disgust, feeling anger overtake him at the thought that he slept with a bonded Omega.
. And admitting to being a victim will probably only make him love you more. Well, that and he’ll probably be extra protective and possessive of you…which I also happen to know is one of your kinks…” she paused as Tony snorted with laughter.
“Can I help?” the brunette asked, the question adorable enough to bring Steve up and returning his husband’s embrace.
Natasha and Clint were on a call, but Sam and the newest hire Thor were sitting on the couch. It was legally his first name and that alone almost got him the job. Well, that, and the fact that he was like an Australian god.
“-I didn’t say that!” Tony squeaked out. “No, you already asked so no takesies backsies,” he said triumphantly as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“I haven’t said anything because I wanted to leave it up to you,” he finished quietly.
to be angry.
She’d spent the last half an hour crying in her bed. The first twenty five or so minutes were feeling sorry for herself – and angry at herself for even getting her hopes up – while the last few were remembering her Dad.
Miles had a similar reaction, shivering and looking back at Peter in shock.
“You should take it as a compliment man,” Sam offered as they pulled in to the station. “He’s not bad looking himself.”
After everything they had been through, Steve counts himself lucky neither he nor his husband - nor his daughter, for that matter - ended up in jail for assaulting Stone. Word did get out, when the teens proved themselves smarter than Stone thought - providing evidence that he had arranged it all. Add that to the fact that none of the hospital workers were willing to provide backup to Stone's story...he was screwed.
“Tony, I know you think of your childhood, but there’s a difference between discipline and abuse…” Steve said calmly, feeling just slightly defensive of his brother and mom. Tony seemed to think of that before sighing in agreement.
CLINT
"I give up, pee on Poppy for all I care," she said as plopped down and leaned against Steve's shoulder. He smiled before kissing the top of her head in sympathy.
Why would her Pops believe her?
So today, instead of meeting Tony at some restaurant, he was going to his apartment to cook for the two Starks. Steve had felt bad for not inviting Tony back to his apartment, but the Omega understood the teasing from Bucky and Clint would only get worse if he came around.
“You’re beautiful, you know that?” Tony had heard that a million times in his life from a million different people. But for some reason, he only blushed when Steve said it.
“Well, my father was an abusive asshole, so I really only mourned my mom. And I was twice your age,” he said, smiling as she smiled and nodded in response.
violent,” Steve suggested, as Joey pouted adorably in response.
“You wanna take a quick nap? JARVIS said the flight is only an hour and a half,” Steve offered as he put their luggage away, coming over to sit next to Tony. Before he could answer a yawn took him over, getting a chuckle from his husband. Plus it was just a perfect excuse to procrastinate having the dreaded talk. He woke up in his second favorite way, gentle kisses over his face and neck.
Steve had other plans.
“You are a spy, something you don’t normally advertise on your resume,” she squinted back at the man, thoroughly enjoying Okoye’s face breaking into a smile.
As if to reiterate his point, a group of people came to their cars on either side of them.
“Something like that, now we gotta let her sleep it off though. She’ll wake up in an hour or two.”
Wheels started turning in Peter’s head, and as he slowly opened his mouth Miles shot up off the couch and grabbed Peter’s hand.
“I know babe, but she’s safe and we’ll deal with all of this–”
Steve had taken another shot at Thor’s insistence when Tony excused himself and left the group. The blonde watched as Tony didn’t head for the restroom, but instead out the front door. Since he was a thoughtful Alpha, he excused himself to follow the Omega outside.
“If anything, I’m thankful you stood up for your brother.” Her eyes smiled along with her mouth at the further implication that she
“What?”
“Stop pretending you give a fuck!” Leo suddenly shouted at him while choking back tears. Peter stood frozen for a second, hating the implications behind that statement; because
“Babe, she’s been sufficiently punished…” Steve started to say, surprising the brunette when
The six month old was now standing in his crib, babbling to himself before noticing his Daddy and squealing in excitement.
When she could finally see clearly, she accidentally let out a panic yell.
“Night Dad,” she said quietly, already falling back asleep.
The blonde glared as he nodded his head in understanding.
Leo’s mood changed on a dime. One minute, he was quiet and shy, the next - he cussed Peter out in Spanish. It took everything in him not to laugh, especially when he could see his husband refraining from laughing behind the boy, but he was able to put on a stern face and explain in Spanish that he was not allowed to do that.
“Yeah of course.”
“Addicts run in my family,” Clint admitted out of nowhere, causing Bucky to turn to him incredulously. “It’s how my parents died when I was six.”
And since she didn’t want any company, she avoided reaching out to her friends. So she went alone to her luckiest liquor store to see if she could score. She had fifty dollars cash, it should be fairly easy.
"Wait," Miles paused in his joyous dance, turning to his sister in confusion. "Iron Man is your Dad and Captain America is your Pop? So you live with two...with two..."
“Hey… do you think it’d be okay if Peter and I saw that new horror movie this Friday? It’s rated R but it’s getting really good reviews and you guys can come –“
her part.
“Yes baby boy?” Tony asked as he rounded the corner, smiling at the scene before him. All three babies were snuggled up with Steve on the couch, his husband extending an arm out in invitation.
"Can you keep a secret, Miles?" Peter asked. The boy nodded furiously in response as Steve chose to focus on his adorable husband rather than his gloating son.
“I’d be more than happy to teach you too, Leo. If I can teach this block of led to not sink, I can teach you to swim,” the old man said as he stuck his tongue out at her. She splashed him in return.
One day before his birthday – she was walking around the block, enjoying the blooming trees and sunshine as she practiced her deep breathing. She always liked to take some time to walk around the beautiful area her therapist’s clinic was in to calm down after sessions; especially when neither of her dads could take her. She thinks she’s starting to get a better handle on her…mental illness.
her parents, honey. But she’s technically her
“So...um,” Steve stuttered, feeling less confident and more like he should stick to his word. “Do you want some coffee?” Tony quirked his brow before strutting over to the blonde.
“Can you take me back to bed, Daddy?” Peter asked after taking a bite from the cookie Tony had handed him.
“Yeah, what else would we be rubbing, huh?” the brunette teased. Steve chose to ignore him in favor of painting the picture in his mind.
“Hey, to be fair, Daci didn’t use any of her powers,” Peter spoke up on her behalf, having been a witness to what happened at recess. Clint gently pulled her out of his embrace, but she kept her head down, unable to face him. .
“Like us?” the genius asked coyly, smiling brightly at the blonde.
“Okay, well I ought to go tell him goodnight.” He began making his way out of the kitchen to his son’s room, pausing to look back at the smiling teen. “Goodnight, Emerson.”
“Oh…” Steve trailed off, making Tony put on a brave smile and lean over to kiss his boyfriend.
"My niece Kori is going to help you, sweetheart. Don't worry, I taught her everything she knows," he said with a wink as a young woman walked in to join them, scoffing a little at her uncle's antics. She couldn't have been more than a few years older than Peter, though it was impossible to tell with her skin and bone structure. She walked over to Emerson who smiled as she showed her the picture, turning back to her father to make sure he wasn't peaking. He threw his hands up in defeat as he walked around to sit on the other side of Miles, pulling his phone out to take a picture of the two.
“We were celebrating! What you guys don’t have a reason to celebrate?” Mr. Stark said accusingly.
“How about instead you get off my property and sober up before trying to speak to your son…”
“Wh..what?”
Too soon the nurse returned, an apologetic smile on her face as she gently took Peter from them.
EMERSON
“Oh no, Optimus Prime? He’s probably back in his classroom.”
He owed Pepper liked ten raises, and reminded her of that as she helped him toddler-proof the place – with about an hour to spare before May and Peter arrived. Peter already had his own room and everything, but Tony was basically a toddler himself and also wanted to catch Pepper up on his latest
STEVE
“Really?” his pup asked in the smallest voice.
He rounded the corner and clenched his fists seeing that blonde bastard again.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam shook his head before he responded, “uh uh, this isn’t you get into my head time. This is me ninja mind tricking you into losing.”
“Did Dad call you crying again?” she asked with a laugh, often listening in on those calls when her Dad was too exhausted and needed Uncle Steve to come to the rescue. She ran her uninjured hand over her face in exhaustion.
"Oh God, it's already happening," the woman said over dramatically. Peter stepped forward to face the couple, doing his best to keep his anger at bay.
“Why shouldn’t you smoke marijuana?”
“-You stopped taking your medications?” T’Challa interrupted, concern in his voice.
“I want you to get what’s coming to you,” Rumlow growled out before taking a step forward while the other two flanked Bucky. He couldn’t help sighing again, looking at the three with boredom.
“Like she’s better company than all of you,” Bucky said bitterly, though he did suddenly notice his overwhelming urge to be with Vivienne suddenly...weakened.
“Me three,” Peter whispered, reaching over the grab Wade’s hand.
He was a lucky man, with an amazing family.
He thought to himself as he looked down and almost shouted in surprise.
your guardian.”
“I don’t need the hospital,” she groaned as she squirmed on the stretcher.
She wouldn’t admit it out loud – mostly because she didn’t need to see that satisfaction on his face – but this was actually helping.
They sat in silence for another moment, Bucky watching Clint bite his lip as he waited patiently for an answer. Whatever the blonde decided, he would respect it. He owed him that much.
I do deserve this.
“Alright! Alright. Thank you Peter
“Oh Daci what about this one?” Peter asked her, offering her a bow and arrow set - where the arrows have suction cups but wasn’t flimsy like most kid toys. The last thing he saw before making his way to the kitchen was her eyes lighting up brighter than he’d ever seen.
The blonde rolled his eyes fondly, finishing setting up the camcorder before moving to sit a few feet across from his brother.
There were so many joys to having a soulmate bond. Steve could easily give or receive a wide range of wonderful emotions: love, happiness, playfulness, confidence, lust, reassurance, humor, and so many others that filled his heart with warmth.
“She asked me if I liked it when Peter called me Big Papa?” He was hoping for a kind smile and explanation, getting instead three people erupting into laughter at his disposal. He began tapping his foot with impatience, what was so damn funny???
It took three books, but right about the time the third one ended she felt a shift below her. Rolling off to the side, she watched in amazement as the sleeping Hulk shifted back to a sleeping Dr. Banner. Putting the books to the side, she quietly approached him before sitting by his feet.
“I will, don’t worry Tony,” Steve reassured his mate, kissing the top of his head and giving him a quick hug before gently pushing him in the direction of the wailing baby.
“Pancakes?” she asked. Steve smiled and opened his mouth to answer but was interrupted by a familiar voice.
last night. You wanted your big sister with you and instead she was getting in trouble, right?”
“D’aww, thanks guys. I will admit, part of that was for selfish reasons,” she said with a grin as the two fathers found themselves quickly enveloping her in a hug sandwich.
“I...we’ll save it for another time and I swear if you say anything to Steve I’ll-”
,” Tony hissed at the Alpha, but still quiet enough so that his preoccupied son couldn’t hear.
“You got me for a week and I wanted to surprise you guys! Plus Pepper said if you weren’t focused at the meeting she’d hold me responsible and...you know,” Rhodey said with raised brows, nice enough to not talk about ball-chopping-off in front of the kids.
“I’ll take him back to bed, thanks for watching my kids Barnes,” Tony said, Steve well aware his husband was tired as well if he was being sincere and not using any nicknames.
To be fair, no one knew.
“I don’t care that you’re not blood. Everyone else does, but I don’t!” she said before hiccupping up more tears.
They went to the same coffee shop he and Tony had went to, sharing stories and enjoying their coffee before the inevitable first call of the day.
“Cause, it’s just another thing to add to your list of things stressing you out, and anxiety is something I already have!” he pouted in his defense. The blonde rolled his eyes fondly before leaning back to address him more seriously.
Steve followed his line of sight, rolling his eyes when he realized Emerson was about fifteen feet away and sitting with three lambs.
“Nice to know you haven’t lost any of that obnoxious sincerity,” Buck retorted sarcastically, causing Steve to send his oldest friend a glare. Which the brunette promptly ignored.
“Yeah Stark, we feed him
“Hey, none of that now,” he murmured in reassurance. “All is forgiven, you know Tony’s already forgiven you before he’s even heard the story. I’m sure he’ll lecture me later for even punishing you…” he tried to tease, except it didn’t help her guilt.
“Do you want to put cigarettes out on me? Kick me in the ribs? Whip me with a cane? Slap me across the face?”
He had a furrowed brow of concern, asking her silently if she was okay. She reached a hand out to squeeze his wrist twice, smiling back at him without saying a word. He seemed content with that, smiling at her before immediately letting out a groan when Morgan took that opportunity to climb into his lap.
“You know, you used to be the cool one,” she said as she crossed her arms and pouted. She sunk in her chair, looking like she was actually thinking it over as Steve reminded himself to have patience with her.
He went to church to pray.
“Are we going to even feel anything?” her Tati asked Steve who was rolling his eyes at all of this.
“He just woke up from his nap and snuck past me!”
His love was suppressing a laugh watching him, not saying anything but clearly enjoying himself. He quickly climbed back over the brunette, determined to prove him wrong.
“Well, now you’ve gone too far, I rescind my offer!” Steve kissed him quiet again with a smile on his face, gently pulling back and adding one more peck to those plump lips. “You’re a tough negotiator, but you can wear clothes on Mondays,” Tony said in a daze, getting a laugh out of the blonde.
Never, at any school he’d ever been enrolled in, had he been anything but invisible.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t care that your uncle’s sugar daddy is a celebrity. You’re nothing more than a white-trash dyke,” she paused as the crowd laughed and Joey felt her fists clench. “Your poor dad, what would he think about you living with fags, huh? He was a white-trash carnie himself, right?”
“I think he said yes.”
“–I am not dying from minor heart surgery. I’m not even forty yet, for crying out loud! Plus I literally scheduled the greatest surgeon in the world. You’re not inheriting my money just yet, little one,” he said with a smile, glad to see her chuckle at that.
“Aw, that’s great pudding pop,” Tony said with a genuine smile, proud of his husband. “I’m proud of you,” he vocalized his thoughts, smiling when his husband blushed a little from the statement. A lethargic boy disrupted their conversation.
It was far more satisfying than her dad said it’d be. He gave her the whole “don’t do it unless absolutely necessary” shtick and even said then it would just hurt.
Steve’s parents had wrapped the two up in their collective arms, crying and talking over each other. And because they were the wonderful people they were, they went around bragging about not having one but two grandchildren.
“Izzy-bee!” his Dad cooed with the biggest grin as he flipped the toddler upside down. Pete glanced over at the other twin, currently attacking his teenage brother as his sister encouraged them.
Ask Tony to throw another party.
Tony sat in between the two, chatting it up with Clint about how Bucky’s ass looked in his baseball pants while Steve focused on cheering his best friend on.
Steve pulled away at that, noting the frown on his love’s face before he quickly answered the question.
“Yes of course. There’s literally nothing that you could do to make me stop loving you. Especially when it comes from the fear of losing one of us. I know I’m not blood but don’t think I love you any less than your other dads,” he said pointedly. He felt her shift in his embrace, turning to wrap her arms around his neck. She buried her face in his neck as she mumbled something in response. He chuckled and tightened his arms around her, pulling her onto his lap as he asked her to repeat herself.
“That he is,” she said with a smile as she finished covering up the last outlet.
“Emerson?” he croaked, struggling to get his footing as she pulled him to stand.
Peter also declined, apparently busy with errands today, as the father joined his two youngest in the elevator to return home.
“After he’s done being grounded
“-I know, it’s not that. I just. I don’t know I hate the idea of knowing he’s touched you…” the beautiful brunette trailed off sadly. Clint couldn’t help rolling his eyes at his possessive boyfriend, finding it both endearing and a little aggravating.
“No no!” the baby squealed out, using his tiny hands to push at Clint’s face.
“Oh, um…remember when you correctly identified me as the Cher in the relationship?” he asked, smiling as she laughed at the memory. “When Steve referred to Sonny's death…I saw you both look away – both of you thinking about your dad.”
“¿Porque no los dos?” she suggested, smiling when May laughed in return. “Can we actually start with the girl? Maybe give me some suggestions on how to stop loving someone when they’re too scared to even stand up for you when you’re getting jumped by some basic bitches?”
“I called that little lesbian bitch, a
Fuck he was really going to kill her.
he wondered as he made his way to the office his dad works in. What he saw instead made him stop in his tracks.
“Emerson, please, promise you won’t tell” he whispered harshly as he ran past her to the bathroom to hide.
…” Peter growled out in anger, fists clenching and unclenching as he felt his spider senses go crazy.
It’s not that he was
“Um, actually...Honeybear, about that.” Tony said with a blush, walking over to Harley who was assembling some too-big-to-swallow legos. “Think you could watch them this weekend?” His oldest friend glared back at the genius with his hands on his hips. He opened his mouth to respond when they heard a surprise gasp coming from his eldest.
"Babe, you know Deadpool is a good guy, right?" Peter asked as he took a step closer to the slightly taller man. Wade remained silent as he simply squished his face adorably and shook his head back and forth. The super hero gently poked the vigilante in the middle of his chest before speaking again.
Like yes, actually smoking could possibly trigger a seizure, but just sitting next to a beautiful woman as the sun sets in their landscape couldn’t hurt…right?
having a moment of weakness
“I help here?” she asked, turning around to look at the still white powdery room.
“Hey Jose,” he heard his brother say in greeting before coming over to mimic his daughter. Steve groaned louder, thinking his brother was going to actually be mature here as the full grown man laid on top of him.
Leaving the three stooges for a weekend was a lot harder than he thought it’d be. After several tearful goodbyes, it was Steve who eventually pulled Tony away to head to the jet. And if anyone asked, it was one hundred percent saying goodbye to his babies and not the anxiety of spending a weekend alone with Steve that made the genius quieter than normal.
“You are,” his husband said around chewing his cookie, “quite the seductive mistress, Steven.”
He stole another glance at Wade, who eventually conceded the bill to his dads, wondering if maybe he already had.
“BUCKY!” the boy shouted before leaving the door open and walking off. Clint stood on the porch, not taking that necessarily as an invitation as Bucky came into his view.
“Sweetheart, I hate to be the one to break this to you, but you suck at lying to me. I’ve seen you lie, very well to other people. But you’ve never managed to lie to me.”
“Yeah, it wasn’t a big deal. Kids deserve normal lives, regardless of how incredibly rich and handsome their father is…” he said, glad to see a smile instantly reappear on her face. Peter made it clear he was getting impatient, so the two quickly got out of the car and helped Peter from his seat.
“Why?” James asked with a curious voice.
And just let her sleep.
“I’m glad you contacted me,” Carolyn said.
“You can build a fort in your room too, baby girl. Uncle Steve doesn’t feel good.”
“How’s he doing?” she asked.
Still needed new friends.
“You can’t ditch work to go fuck your Omega silly, Stevie,” Buck said, helping one of their regulars with his stance before the blonde could even open his mouth.
“Cut the bullshit, Donald. I know what you’re doing to my kid, and I’m here to tell you it stops right fucking now.” The disheveled man scoffed before responding.
The game was over more quickly than it started, leaving Brock spewing in a drunken rage.
“No, Daci-”
“Hey Ashley,” Carol said in a fake voice, mocking the shorter teen. “Why don’t you go ask one of your ‘royal subjects’ instead? Seems pretty obvious the king
“Hey sweetheart!” he said before bringing her into a quick hug. She looked around at the crowd while he just focused on her.
"Peter, this is my little brother Miles. Miles, this is my big brother, Peter," she said with a smile.
“Mm, you think he loves me, Pete?”
And if Bucky felt something from holding his hand, he didn’t need to comment or think about it ever again.
His son.
“I don’t think my…parents would be okay with that,” she said, careful of using ‘dads’ amongst her peers.
“Stevie, listen to me,” Bucky said with a sharp pinch to his arm, making the Alpha refocus. “The bond works both ways, right? You can try and push some ease from your half. Try it now before you go in there and scare Harley anymore than he already is.”
’? Cause that I can handle. What I can’t handle is a goddamn purple glitter bomb going off in my office.”
"I've heard about you as well," Klaue said as he cocked his head to the side. "I was being selfish, wanting to kill your brother. With you, my men can have some fun before taking your life. They're such hard workers, they deserve a treat once in a while," he laughed as the men joined in laughing with him.
“Oh! Wait, is it dangerous?” Clint asked in equal excitement and curiosity, sitting up a little more in his seat while keeping his injured foot on the table.
“Thank you, Peter, for everything.”
“Thank you. I love you Joey.”
“WAIT! Wait. You…you two…” she managed between laughs, “you got a new couch…because…because you
Her honesty warmed his heart, and gave him the courage to return the favor.
Tony smiled at him for a moment before leaning up to kiss him. Steve wrapped an arm around his slender waist to bring the man closer, deepening the kiss. Tony pulled away for a moment, looking around as if to expect their kids to walk in on them.
were intelligent! Why don’t you make yourself useful and get us some drinks, huh Einstein?” Tony asked with sarcasm, lost on the bot that chirped as it wheeled away.
Steve got out of the car, slung his backpack on his shoulder while he took a moment to stare in awe. The architecture was beautiful, and Steve found himself wondering if it’d be weird to ask for a tour. After another moment of staring, he finally walked up to the door and rang the bell.
“The...the baby?”
"Well well well how long was I at that convention?" Tony asked with a smile on his face as he inspected Miles' cut with a huge grin. Emerson stepped up and moved to sit on the other side of her Dad, shooting a smile at Steve when Tony's jaw dropped.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Natasha said as she took another sip of her beer, not hiding the smile on her face. “But I’ll make you a deal. I’ll keep an eye on Rogers if you keep an eye out for Clint. He...tends to drinks too much at these things.” Buck raised a brow at that before doing a sweep of the room, noticing Barton wasn’t with them. He turned back and just nodded in agreement when she didn’t add anything else.
“Why is he my son when he makes you mad but your son when he wins all the science and math trophies?” The two men smiled at each other, before leaning in to kiss.
“Wha-who-how did you-who who told you that?” Steve sputtered adorably, hands going from his hips to cross his chest back to his hips. So cute.
“Okay, I’ll call Melanie back to arrange it,” the vigilante said with a frown while the boy started cheering in excitement.
Who apparently also needed convincing that she was in fact
Which sometimes was scarier than him yelling.
One afternoon, Clint had asked him to come over, which the blonde hadn’t done in a few weeks. They made out on his bed and it seemed like things were going to escalate in the good way when Clint suddenly panicked below him. Bucky couldn’t help growling in frustration as he pulled back, hating himself for not letting the blonde take the lead.
“Keep it up and I’ll rip up the drawing,” his boyfriend threatened just as Tony grabbed the drawings and held them to his chest.
