Sherlock watched a moment longer before he focused on Wilkes before him, a rumbling growl echoing from deep in his throat. Beneath him the sergeant squirmed, gasping in pain even as he spat curses. His eyes were bright with fury.
The only thing that still held him in reality and not allowing him to float away into the safety of dull animal instinct was the music that still played softly out of the radio on the shelf. Being plugged into the wall, Sherlock had quickly guessed he'd be unable to move it without killing the mesmerizing melody that played from its speakers. Even now it drifted over him, washing the Dragon with calming waves that kept him from completely losing himself to his inner monster. The sound of music was unfamiliar to him, something he had been deprived of with his life in the Kennels, and yet it drew up vague memories, imprints left to his thoughts to decipher like ill-preserved charcoal smudgings.
useless at times, and Lestrade (the only marginally reasonable one of the lot) was away. Sherlock would have to talk to
A crushing embrace nearly tackled him, Molly’s arms flung around his shoulders without a care in the world.
Delicate hands, pulling at his hips, drawing him near. Sarah's blue eyes blown wide with lust, head tipped back in lust, dark and deep. His own fingers twisting in her hair as an explosion rips through him, dissolving all thought and all sense of perception. Whited out like a comet streaking through the sky, leaving him temporarily blind. He shivered over her, arms threatening to give out on him. He didn't let them, savouring the burn, the tingling leaving residual trembling along his spine.
It was all part of the game, being able to read people like pawns in chess. It was the foreplay before the foreplay, and Sneak's learned to be good at it. Daniel often underestimated his intelligence, writing him off as a shameless slut and selfish teenager. Sneak happened to be both, but he also happened to have a brain that was more than just "average" on the intelligence scale. He had become good at using it, over time.
Within seconds, John's body was crouched several feet away under the kitchen table, shadowed in the dark as the little girl refused to even breathe or blink. Her cat-like eyes glimmered as she prepared for anything from an awakening to lashing out, or even abusive words thrown her way. Mentally she felt all of the personalities suddenly on alert, prepared to swap out with her if it came down to a fight. Conrad's protective snarl loomed in the base of her skull, and she could feel her other older brother deep inside shifting ever so slightly. Paying attention to what was happening. However, Sherlock Holmes merely shifted in his sleep. Rolling over, his languid form uncurled itself slightly to stretch his impossibly long legs unconsciously, eyes fluttering in dream-like sequence as he softly sighed. All of the personalities watched guardedly as the Detective mumbled something low in his sleep, unaware of the shadow with silver-blue eyes watching his every movement in the dark. Then he settled back down under the blanket, hands curling tighter about its' edge and drawing nearer to its' warmth. Claude thought he almost looked like a kid, like her. She found herself wondering if Sherlock Holmes liked to play games like scrabble and Cluedo. She is surprised when her mouth turns in a small smile at the decidedly infantile way the grown man snuggles deeper into the covers.
“Your Bond, my friend,” he murmured. “It’s… you and John…” The Dragon seemed at a loss for words, and for a moment Sherlock felt a stab of panic at his friend’s expression. His eye itched, and he fought against the urge to scratch it. What could be so wrong that his friends were looking at him like that?
“And finally! The reason you need me alive is for the reason that everyone's noticed but has been too afraid to mention.”
The click of her heels sounded loudly on the tiles of the floor. John found himself staring at ivory walls and chandeliers, feeling quite out of place in his simple jeans and button-down. He was a veritable pigeon amongst peacocks, what with Sherlock’s presence and Kate’s code of dress. John and Sherlock were lead into a clean-looking foyer, and according to plan John soon excused himself. Even if he didn’t agree with Sherlock’s schemes, he knew better than to argue when in the midst of enemy territory.
, someone extremely perceptive to the electrical brainwaves Dragons gave off naturally. However he hadn't expected the Dragon he had chosen to immediately take such
in sex. It wasn’t for lack of trying. Initiation for young Incubi was field work in its basest form, those who thrived winning over their first human in the biblical sense before they even got a chance to truly look at Earth and what it had to offer. Sherlock had tried to apply his knowledge practically - and succeeded to a certain extent - but he could never lose himself to the lust that he saw his other classmates indulge in, the flavour of the souls he’d managed to capture tasting like little more than sand on his tongue. All that effort for a rather bland, loathsome result: it was truly no wonder that by the time he was an adult Sherlock was pegged as an outlier amongst his peers.
For a second the waves were still silent, save for their gentle lapping against the rock and Sherlock's bare toes. The salt-flecked droplets of water dripped from his hair in pearly orbs, and his curls as they dried sprung away from his face to snarl themselves together and give him an expression of a wild animal poised for hunting. Then, a ripple in the water, and the edge of a tail striking the waves to propel a creature forward, and Sherlock found himself eye to eye with a large, dark brown seal.
John snorted a bit at the descriptor, Lestrade quirking him a smile. His gaze softened as he recalled.
The Scotsman halted on his heel before turning, blue eyes burning with mistrust. His voice was low and dangerous.
Dodge spoke in light, easy tones, although there was always an undercurrent of command about her. Years of being on duty had shed all meekness she once possessed; a woman who often held a gun in her hands didn't flinch when confronted with a chance to take control of a situation. Instead she leaned forward, eyes bright and strong. If it weren't for the professional way in which she addressed the issues, John might have thought she genuinely cared about Sherlock's welfare.
out. After all, brilliance needed an audience. And when it could not find one, it tended to attract the wrong sort of attention.
“Forget it.” Shyla muttered, spitting the words out as if they were poison. She shoved herself away from the table, stalking despite their mother’s protests towards her room. Her mutterings were only barely legible, but they sent something twisting in Mycroft’s gut. “I
Then suddenly the pain became a blinding point between his eyes of white-hot intensity and John gasped, clutching at his forehead and nearly keeling over as a wave of agony settled over him. He could feel rapidly-turning concerned gazes around him as he grit his teeth and used the aisle shelf for support, knees trembling as visions flickered behind his eyelids. He willed himself to take a deep breath, muscles in his neck all tightening with the motion. As if from underwater, he could hear someone distantly asking if he was okay. John wasn't sure. It was like something black and bleak had taken over him, a terrible kind of fear he wasn't sure he could describe. Darting a tongue over his lower lip, he thinks he manages to give someone Sherlock's phone number before he passes out. Then the nighmarish darkness is consuming him, and John feels his legs give out underneath him hard, the tile bruising his shins. Someone lowers him the rest of the way to the ground, checking his pulse. He is sure it is thundering, because he can hear it in his own ears. Pounding, pulsing loudly and wetly and consuming his thoughts. It almost seems to blur, the noise doubling into two then one with the dizziness of his senses.
Sebastian Wilkes, gaping in mute astoundment, watched as slowly, the massive creature’s front claws folded at the knees, and Sherlock lay his head on the ground as if in offering. In John’s ear, he heard Mike whisper a stunned and thick
Then Sherlock dove, dropping like a stone out of the sky and forcing the last lingering feeling of disgust in his imminent future to stay behind, somewhere in the air. Reaching into himself, he drew out his own hunger, his nostrils flaring and his eyes slitting. He braced himself for landing, inhuman legs absorbing the hard shock of his feet touching down onto the platform of the gate. His tail, a long and barbed thing, went wide behind him and provided balance. His long fingers were a white contrast against the darkness of the wood beneath him. Sherlock straightened slowly, cat-like and noiseless as his head craned about, seeking out a suitable target.
Even if it killed him, he could not abandon the image in his mind of a lonely little boy with dark blue eyes staring out at the world.
Something he was finding he was having a very hard time doing as Cerioth's gaze slid in a reptilian way back to the road, pulling into the Kennels and leaving the engine idling for his Mistress.
Sherlock hissed, and this time instead of despair, his voice shook with rage. He screamed the name to the sky, a howl of his own fury, his inability. He couldn’t protect John, couldn’t even hope to
And all around him, the song still played, being sung by a voice that was as rich and dark as those eyes which now pinned him in place, circling him possessively as the pale figure kicked and swam around him, no longer needing to hold him down. The water was too deep, and John was no longer coherent enough to know what way was up and what way was down. The baritone melody seemed to hum in his blood thickly, turning it colder and colder.
He was wearing the outfit Sherlock had chosen, and a distant part of the Water-Spirit admitted to himself that John looked rather stunning in blue. His hair had been washed - polished from dishwater yellow to something sandy and warm. There was a flush in the human’s cheeks, possibly from self-consciousness. Who wouldn’t be self conscious after all, with two Immortal beings staring at them as if they wanted nothing more than to strip him of his skin.
The man across from him smiled knowingly, green eyes shimmering. Quick as a flash, he turned the crook of John's arm outwards, pointing at the beginnings of the tattoo sitting there and lowering his voice conspiratorially.
Upon walking in, he was still only half sure that Sherlock actually didn't know him. A part of him wondered if maybe the Detective was merely biding his time, that he would suddenly surprise him with a story about how they had met in a bar on a stormy night, like the beginning of some crappy romance novel. Then the landlady, Mrs. Hudson (
If John now and again switched personalities with a little girl that liked Miss Scarlet best and kissed Sherlock’s cheeks goodbye, well. They were the only two in
John had been right at the Kennels. Sherlock's hair when it was scrubbed free of dirt and debris, shone like dark obsidian under the bathroom lights. The locks were also quite long when they were no longer sticking together from blood and sickness, coming to rest messily at the nape of Sherlock's neck. They were almost touching his shoulders in thick waves. As John ran his fingers through them lightly in satisfaction, he found that they glided over his hands with the promise of being baby-soft when dry. They were a stark contrast to the milky colour of the creature's skin.
John frowned, reading the report again before looking up in confusion at Hajera, who waited patiently before him.
John was the something in a land of nothing, and he grounded Sherlock not like a leash, but like a clasped hand. Warm and reliable.
It was then that Sherlock’s gaze flickered over Daniel’s features, taking in the wan smile and dark eyes. The soldier looked at Sherlock as if he were memorizing the world around him, or perhaps waiting for a death knell. The detective’s mouth felt dry, and through the concussion that was worming its way through his brain he put two and two together.
“Alright, just asleep. He’s waking up though, figure it’s to do with that purple stuff you wanted us to stick in our arm.”
Sherlock seemed to be aware that they were running out of time. He sobered instantly as he saw where John's gaze was directed, and abruptly took his friend's hand to lead him deeper into the darkness of the cave. In the centre of the shadowy cove was a small slope, and at the bottom of it a shallow tide-pool. It was here that Sherlock pulled John, guiding him into the water that lapped patiently as if waiting for its sister sea to once again lay claim. John could tell the cove spent part of its time at night underwater, could feel it by the cool touch of the salted pool about him as it came to rest just at his waist. After a moment his friend climbed in beside him, standing across from him in the dark. Sherlock's form glowed luminescent even away from the moon's kiss, his very skin seemingly made of milk and snow-white pearls. He was a light in the darkness, and it was made increasingly more apparent as he opened his mouth and sang out a question that made John's chest fill with a strange exhilaration.
Even though Harry had eventually pulled him the rest of the way up with a mocking giggle, John maintained a fear of heights to this day.
Sherlock set to analyzing. He could tell the personality was fairly well-spoken, but wasn't old enough yet that it could completely dispel the restless movement that came with small children, given in the slight rocking movement and the way their fingers tapped incessantly. He could also tell that Claude was a little bit shy of him, yet not so shy that she seemed afraid. Just.... cautious. Like Daniel, she also mapped out the exits about her with a nervous sort of energy. Except she was less subtle about it as her head swivelled about to do so. Finally, Sherlock tapped his knee lightly once with his long fingers, gaining her attention again as he said in a triumphant and warm tone
“And you think I'd care enough for my brother's well-being to consider you indispensable? I've had my men watching John Watson for years, prepared to act if his less....
The word still felt unreal, like something out of a bad war film. When John had heard that’s how they were referring to the Dragon that had self-ignited explosion Magic inside their fire core, he had felt the irrational urge to laugh hysterically. It was that, or start crying, and John wasn’t sure that if he started, he would be able to stop.
Victor had woken to plates being thrown, shattering sharply throughout their dorm room like the shriek of children. Above them, Sherlock's voice, cracking into his higher register and almost shrill as he snarled out abuses in his older brother's direction. The sound of it sent a distinct chill through the art student's bones, as he had never heard his friend sound so downright furious. Victor had risen from his bed in a tussle, barely able to shrug his pyjama bottoms over his hips before his legs were carrying him. He caught his foot on the edge of his bedroom door, curse words flowing from his tongue as without pause he continued towards the source of the argument. There, he found a strange young man, ginger-haired and cold in a three-piece suit and tie, shouting down his dormate without mercy.
The detective found his companion to be incredibly tactile during their hospital stay. Far from complaining, Sherlock rather found he enjoyed the soft kisses upon his forehead and the gentle fingers that would find their way to his nape or his curls.
It was perhaps the most clueless thing to say, and yet John couldn’t help the pleased flush of surprise that made its way to his cheeks. Besotted? Sherlock? Really she had to be quite wrong, getting signals mixed up somewhere inside of herself.
as he furiously rose to his feet, the harsh movement sending the china on the table shivering with a fearful tinkling. Like a snake uncoiling from its sedentary perch he bared his teeth, leaping in a movement that was far faster thanSherlock even expected to stalk away silently to John’s room. His voice was curt and frigid as it called behind him.
“Regardless of the poorly executed attempt, brother mine. The fact is that John Watson has no desire to go home.” Mycroft's tone gentled slightly as he saw his younger brother suppress a small flinch, the ice-man's eyes unreadable as he looked at the rounded, manicured edges of his nails. His voice held in it a quiet threat.
The first time Mycroft kidnapped and interrogated him, John wasn't all that surprised. After all, Sherlock was family. What was more, the army doctor had his suspicions that the elder Holmes had practically raised the detective from when he was a Hatchling, making him less of a brother and more of a mum.
“It's going to be okay, they didn't nick an artery, the blood's not that bad. We're going to get you patched up again in no time. I promise lieutenant Naird that you will be fine.”
, something to keep him interested in the world. Something to stop the gnawing ache that he was steadfastly ignoring, pulsing dully in his chest.
“I know, but it's cold out there, love. And you don't have Magic yet to make you look like Daddy or I.”
He only experiences it for a second before blissful unconsciousness fills him and takes him away on a boat of dreams.
Sensitive, even the young seals at the head of the pod could be heard as they called to him, and he found his vessel body filled with a hesitant, small hope that seemed like a desperate candle aflame. And that was when John realised he was in
of breath that Sherlock released, heard the faint squeak of his shoes as they slid across the hardwood floor. John could feel himself fall into a sort of lull, floating across a still in time even as his friend's voice carried on.
Sherlock nodded minutely, despite the fact that his subject would not see. After the car-crash then. His pen poised to write, his quicksilver eyes glinted in calculation.
Brigadier Morstan's appearance at the end of the month unsettled many of the soldiers, and whisperings about her possible intentions broke out in the middle of meals. Soon enough, John found himself drawn in, leaning over his bowl of soup and bread, intently listening to Marley as she held her audience captive with her gift for storytelling, eyes dark with excitement.
quickly darting outside to grab his friend's clothes and draping them over him like a protective cape. John even unconscious seemed to be partially aware of Sherlock's presence, a soft groan of distress parting from his lips when the
“A fool would trust Irene Adler, and my brother’s rapidly turning into one out of sheer stubbornness.” He snapped. Mycroft twisted the handle of his umbrella, inhaling deeply before getting back on topic.
Sherlock barely felt it when she wrapped around his thin shoulders something woollen and soft, his mind instead latching
Even though John wasn't really religious. Even though he didn't feel like he had the right to beg to God for anything. For the first time, he considers taking the Browning that had served him so well over the years and turning it against himself, pressing it to his forehead in the dingy place he's rented and his fingers closing about the trigger.
Sherlock’s lips were on his in the span of one step forward. Breathing against John’s jawline, the detective’s voice was low, soft. The softest it had ever seemed to John. Fragile. Yet it held in it a note of resignation.
If he didn't understand things, he got angry, and Conrad knew getting angry with him was not a good thing.
them by accident. The children of the market appeared to hold little fear, even of soldiers, and many paused to look at Sherlock, babbling in foreign languages and pointing out his collar or the shifting nature of his scales that dotted his skin here and there to their parents.
“I would not do that if I were you. This floor is also under heavy surveillance. You might manage to kill me, but if you do, your one ally in this Country will be gone,” His voice lowered, something steely edging his polite tone. “Like it or not, we’re stuck with one another, I’m afraid.”
“Found me in the bathroom in the middle of the night. I'd slit my wrists and was bleeding out in the tub. They put me on
On the evening before their flight to the compound, Dodge requested that John, Sherlock, Mike and Molly meet her at Hyde Park for a final celebration before their trip. John initially wanted to refuse, but Mrs. Hudson firmly shooed both boys out of the flat, claiming she needed to dust and that they needed to have “
The Dragon was startled when he heard the distinct sound of shuffling from outside the open bathroom door, and his eyes slit as he curled himself into the furthest corner of the tub and let loose a warning, guttural growl. The noise reverberated off the bathroom walls like the rumbling of an earthquake, and John froze just on the threshold of the door. He loudly cleared his throat, summoning up his courage to continue forward.
But John wasn't there, and in the emptiness of where his presence should be, his Alter's shifted uneasily. For usually they were the ones called to action, the ones to solve the problems that the world threw at them.
The older Selkie grumbled. He took a hesitant sip of his own tea, and wrinkled his nose in distaste.
John noted how the soldiers around him seemed to straighten, the authority heavy in the woman's voice. He couldn't help it, he found himself lowering his shoulders and lifting his chin in pride.
Sherlock reared on his hind legs, standing like a Human in order to appear as imposing as possible. He felt a slow snarl rumble in his chest like thunder as his eyes flashed with mistrust, teeth bared and once again poised on the blade of a knife.
it would feel. She had only ever Fused with someone before out of necessity, the skill something she had made herself proficient at for the sake of ease. Tanzanite had Fused with Molly, with Mycroft (though rarely), with many other Gems on the police task force, yet none of them had before felt like Aventurine had. Even worse, Tanzanite had felt that
He wasn't going to leave. Couldn't bring himself to, either out of a misplaced sense of duty or trust. Probably duty, if the flesh of their earlier argument implied anything. The detective had then found himself all night staring at the ceiling of his bedroom.
John looked at him for a long time, trying to find the right words to say. He measured Sherlock's pulse under his fingers, the quivering in his naked form. He felt the uncertainty there, the need to rely on someone but the fear that came in doing so. He saw the mistrust.
His nightmares were the only proof to John besides the cuts and bruises littering his skin that he was in the accident at all. They plagued him, vague images that made no sense. A screaming face, wide blue eyes as everything was tilted sideways. The vaguest of dreams.
The crowd kicked their feet and spun about their partners like tightly interwoven cogs, and from above it was like watching the slow unfurling of dozens of flower petals spinning off into the distance. The sound of the people's clapping hands created as much rhythm as the drums did, struck by expert minstrels sitting cross-legged on the cobbled ground. The heels of their hands and fingers painted elaborate rhythms that sounded like the tumbling heartbeat of a rabbit at run.
John might have laughed, because of course the bloody madman was related to the leaders of the Gem homeworld and the instigators of the bloody war of course- but that would mean giving away his knowledge, and so he kept quiet, listening to Mycroft as the man attempted to bribe him away from his younger brother’s possession.
Bill's gaze flicked to John briefly, a frown twisting his features. His voice softened as he gripped Rin's spines and stated
The detective sat up and coughed harshly, clawing at the burn of air that forced itself down his lungs and back into his system. A horrible ache lined his trachea, and it was painfully sharp as he blinked back the instinctive urge to go on the defensive. He looked up to see John's compact form trying to make itself as small as possible, Claude's gulping tears something he was now painfully used to even as the small child sniffled at him with a face full of anguish.
As the crowd cheered and a group of people descended upon Greg and John – John still trying to screw the lid for the lemonade back on the bottle – a cold air drifted in, someone entering the kitchen behind where they stood and the rustle of bags and clinking of bottles revealing the appearance of what Greg had called his 'reinforcements'.
"Don't be silly, John, I'll get this," Sherlock said with a frown, brushing John's money aside with a flick of his fingers and reaching into his jacket pocket for his wallet. He took out £40 and placed it underneath the bill, slipping his wallet back inside his jacket and pushing his chair back, readying himself to leave. "And I was hardly talking about going in there when it's heaving with people, was I?"
“I know why he’s here,” John interrupted, tone every bit as sharp as Mycroft’s; he watched as Mycroft’s blue eyes shot through him, attempting his brother’s little x-ray trick and… yes, there it was. Realisation that John was, in fact, telling the truth. “And I
Romantic. There was that word again. Greg had called him a romantic a couple of nights before. He'd never even considered himself as one before. "It's not exactly Pride and Prejudice, Harry..."
"Oh, right." John seemed completely oblivious to Sherlock's discomfort as he wandered into the room further, Sherlock noting as his eyes adjusted to the darkness that he was heading towards the direction of his desk. "Because you're much more emotionally mature than I am. Do you need me to remind you of Greenwich Park, or…?"
Slowly Sherlock lifted the glass to his lips, eyes still closed as he took a small sip. "Thank you."
Though she seemed genuinely touched by his words, her own lips forming over a vowel which would have no doubt been sentiment if she were into that sort of thing, she simply shrugged and raised an eyebrow to support the next damning sentence. “But you
Greg looked at Mycroft again before looking back at John with a small nod; there was an odd look in his eyes, something very close to guilt. "I mean, it's not that I don't care or that I wouldn't do it anyway. Like Mycroft said, we've known each other since we were kids. Even if I'm not exactly a friend, that's only because Sherlock just doesn't interact with people like anyone else – well, until -"
Another moment of hesitation before Sherlock took two steps into the room and stood awkwardly in the darkness, seeming somewhat confused to find himself there at all. "I just wanted to say goodnight."
If she'd seen the number of times Harry had tried to shove him off of them she wouldn't have been so quick to yell at
"You have no idea," Sherlock muttered, reaching up and touching his lips with his fingertips. "I didn't even notice you when I first walked in, I just saw the usual cluster of people and planned on escaping as soon as I possibly could. When Greg first said your name I genuinely thought… I thought…"
died, but neither of them corrected the mistake. John had, after all, lived those two years of believing otherwise. It was a moot point. “And she... was...
about me, just not in the same way? What you don't realise, John, is that before now I didn't give two damns whether you felt anything akin to what I apparently do, I would have been perfectly content to resume our friendship as it was and go on as if nothing had changed... but now the idea of pretending such a thing is categorically impossible. I can't do it. And neither can you. So what more is there that you could possibly say to me?"
She stared at him for a few moments more, clearly wanting to say something; the unspoken words hung in the air between them but, apparently choosing not to voice them, she instead gently shook her head and turned back to the sink. Her voice sounded oddly thick as she said lightly, "I'm glad that you and Sherlock have patched things up."
"No, I'm entirely aware," Sherlock replied quietly, momentarily putting down his own knife and turning his head to look at John properly, eyes swimming with fire and ice in equal doses; it made John's head spin. "But then, you're not people. You're very much...
John shrugged. "He doesn't do it to be cruel, though. He just says what he thinks. I guess it doesn't affect me anymore, it's just what I've come to expect from him."
Mycroft pulled out his phone and selected his younger brother's number once more, pressing 'Call' and not bothering to bring it to his ear as it rang; seven rings later and it went to voicemail. "Oh, I doubt it very much. Sherlock may indeed ardently want his fix, but he knows I would have already dealt with his source. He's not a fool."
." The amusement quickly transformed into undisguised distaste. "This really is completely ridiculous, we're like bloody children..."
Once again Sherlock found himself eyeing John, his mind ticking away as he wondered whether John was even aware of the topic of conversation; he looked, though it was a horrendous cliché, miles away, utterly distracted by whatever was playing on his mind and as far from conscious to the fact that he was a point of discussion as anyone could be. Though his initial (and endlessly irritating) instinct was to wonder if his best friend was having second thoughts, something that Sherlock was almost certain could be a possibility regardless of how much sentiment was exchanged between them, he had been told multiple times by John now that if there
Sherlock spoke as if John hadn't spoken. "So I came to you in the hope of a distraction, something to take my mind off of... it. Of course, I realise now that I was asking too much of you. You are, after all, so very -"
Sherlock looked at him as if he were stupid, his arm rubbing awkwardly against John's as he put the glass back down on the table, licking his lips. "There are a lot of people in the room, John, it's very warm in here. I was thirsty."
Sherlock slowly brought his fingers together, steepling them as he observed John’s attempt to be casual. “May I… be frank?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows pointedly, raking his eyes up and down John's form. "You're wearing jeans you bought three years ago and you think you're fine? You haven't fit into those in a year and a half, John, and within two months you've lost enough weight to find they only just stay up without a belt.
John was quiet for a moment; Sherlock took the opportunity to gather his bearings once more, swallowing the odd and uneven flow of heat that had been threading its way through him since the beginning of the tension; god, it was all exhausting. Caring was exhausting. Well, if this was caring. Mostly it just felt like... irritation.
John glanced away. "At the time it wasn't really something I'd considered. I was more concerned about how
“I'll ask you one final time and, as you're a complete moron with the deduction skills of a sewer rat, I'll be more specific: when did John leave?”
Sherlock set the glass of wine down on the windowsill next to him and slowly slipped his hands inside his pockets. "You think I'm an arsehole right now, don't you?"
"Then, I mean, sure. I've had girls like me that I don't fancy back before. Awkward as hell. Remember Toni?"
have to be a little patient with some people and a bit pushy with others." He flashed a pointed look in Sherlock's direction. "If you've played before, great, just announce what your card means as you pick it up so that our newbies can start learning and... well, no, that's about it! Can't be arsed to be picky about who goes first so I'll just go..."
"Mm." Sherlock curled his legs up underneath him and pushed himself into a standing position, graceful and lithe as ever. "Greg should be home soon, we can decide what to do about dinner when he gets here."
"Mycroft, he's confused out of his right mind. Yesterday he came to terms with these feelings and today he's had to face the fact that I know about it, he doesn't know whether he's coming or going and he's completely beside himself with... with
"You left your phone in my room, John," Sherlock hissed, sounding oddly panicked, "and now she's asking
"Well, let me finish my story first, shall I? So, tonight. We walked back into the ballroom and joined your mum and dad at the front of the little performance area and we waited for you to come on stage. You did, very gracefully by the way, and then you introduced the pianist and the song and – well. You know. You started to play."
John stared evenly at his mother, trying to maintain a sense of calm in the face of what he had just said, and the obvious ramifications it was about to wreak upon what had been possibly the most uncomfortable dinner between four people that had ever taken place. “I'm pretty sure you heard me, Mum. I don't really want to say it again, if I'm honest.” He gritted his teeth, forcing his gaze down to his plate of half-finished food and pushing a now soggy roast potato around in what gravy was still left. “I'm not exactly proud of it.”
"Your face," Sherlock laughed, body spasming in laughter as he leaned himself against a tree and tilted his head back to rest against the solid bark. "Your face is
John snorted. "Couldn't agree more. Don't particularly relish the idea of having that form of revenge every time you're drunk. Got enough to be dealing with without you gaying up a drinking game just to get back at me."
John glanced towards the woman at the desk, a woman whose eyebrows looked drawn on and raised very high indeed as she looked towards him. "Great. Thanks."
He hears the light footsteps approaching before he can even realise his hope is a foolish one. He doesn’t need to look around to know there’s a hand stretching out toward him, John reaching out --
So, his new friend had a drug addiction. He felt as if he should be surprised, shocked even, yet he was now so used to not allowing himself to be surprised by anything that Sherlock did that it just seemed... fitting? It made no sense to see it that way - who would guess that anyone as incredibly intelligent and dedicated to his work as Sherlock Holmes would have an addiction to a possibly illegal substance? But it was true, obvious even, that there was still much he didn't know about the genius who had turned his life upside down, and despite knowing it was wrong of him to think this way, regardless of how utterly inappropriate it was to feel the way he did when the man was clearly struggling... somehow it made John even more...
the water with his feet – his keys were out and in the door before John had even climbed out of the car, leaving the smaller man to sigh in frustration and splash through the path-puddle without a second thought of his poor, beautiful trousers as he just managed to get to the door before the fierce wind blew it shut on him.
." He was so close to losing it, too close. "I refuse to believe that Sherlock is using me merely to boost his own ego or whatever it is that you're getting at. He doesn't want that,
As he smiled at the camera without even needing to try, he decided that, yes, it was possible. Entirely possible.
"So if you spend as much time at Sherlock's house as Mycroft says you do then you must know Greg Lestrade?" Tim had his phone out in front of him suddenly, flicking through various screens until he'd pulled up a photo; he passed the phone to John, who found himself looking at a photograph of Greg, a girl quite a few years younger than him and two people who could only be his parents. "Good lad, Greg. Fantastic hockey player."
She shook her head slowly, an odd flush rising to her cheeks. "It's one of my favourite novels of all time, especially as I met Sherlock's father at one of the village balls when I was seventeen."
and pressing his lips together in false regret as he lifted his glass and stared over the rim at Greg's dismayed expression, taking a gulp and laughing throatily as Greg did the same – the murderous glances were all over the place now, especially once Greg realised Sherlock no longer cared about consequences and was playing merely to seek justice against the two friends who had forced him into the game in the first place. The others around the table were enjoying this so much that they began to create
Not looking wholly pleased with his answer, Wanda turned to stand beside him and gazed up at the house, pursing her lips. "Hmm. I'm not sure. Probably better to ask Tim – Tim!" Her husband was slowly making his way around to the other side of the car, handing his keys to the smiling valet. "Do you know how many bedrooms Brooke and Benedict have in this monstrosity?"
"Hi Mum," he offered with as much warmth as he could, reaching out and patting her forearm, "I can see you weren't expecting me this early."
Sherlock’s full lips convulsed into another tiny grin, meeting John’s gaze briefly: the observatory and breathless laughter flashed in the space between them. “Mm.”
Sherlock had turned to face him, his hands lowering the pieces of paper he held between his fingers and looking momentarily so surprised that, had it been any other moment than this one, John would have no doubt laughed; as it happened John found that he was suddenly, without probable cause, left temporarily without enough oxygen in his lungs to even finish his sentence.
For a moment the sandy-haired boy thought that Sherlock would remain silent, leave his room without another word; he forced himself to look away and towards the floor, embarrassed at this pathetic show of sentiment after such light-hearted small-talk.
John was still glaring at Greg as he slipped his trainers on and threw on his black jacket; Sherlock stood by his side, casting quick glances down at him with a barely suppressed smirk. After a few more minutes of aimless bickering and both Greg and Sherlock disagreeing over whose taxi firm to call, they all ended up bundling into the back of a cab and on their way to the nearest supermarket, good-natured silence filling the space between them.
John let go of the sleeve and stepped around the taller man until he could look Sherlock in the eyes. "If you ever are in a position where drugs are an option again, you have to tell me. You
"Oh, yes," John said firmly, nodding as he watched Sherlock shuffle in his place on the rock. "You're trying to decide whether to just kill me or keep me on as a crew member."
John allowed himself to look at the young man from the corner of his eye; he was dressed in a deep purple shirt and his usually black trousers, hair damp. He looked younger, somehow.
Greg leaned against the door frame. "I dunno. It's not as if he's going to react to this like a normal person. I mean, what, if you were rejected by a girl you liked what would you do? Feel a bit shitty for a while then move on?"
Sherlock was instantly alert; he knew without a shadow of a doubt that John would have never told Greg that, no matter how talkative he was feeling. He couldn’t explain it even to himself, though god knew he wanted to be able to, but he was absolutely certain that John understood the depths to which Sherlock had gone in order to do the things he had done back at Well Place and that he would keep it to himself regardless of what he was currently thinking. He raised his chin, defensive. “Is that an educated guess or have you been having me followed again?”
Tim was looking between his wife and John with warm eyes, though whether he'd seen their hug or not John was unsure. He began to wonder if perhaps he'd overstepped his mark when Tim spoke. "I don't know, she'll be filling out adoption forms soon if you're not careful, John!"
John's eyes flickered to the phone sitting beside him, Sherlock's words washing over him alongside a sense of understanding, a knowledge that if anyone had read John correctly at that point in his life and could probably still read him better than anybody ever could – with or without his amazing observational talents – it was the man staring at him with all the intensity and determination he could possibly muster. "Try."
John did not want to be reminded of his ex-girlfriend. "I remember her, and this is totally different. The feelings are different."
Slowly, hesitant beyond all measure, Sherlock brought his shaking hands to hover over the area of John's hips, a finger darting out to brush the material of John's trousers before letting it curl and hide in the palm of his hand; he focused instead on the warmth of John's breath as his lips parted, the tiniest hitch in John's throat as he pressed himself just a tiny bit closer to the Sherlock's stiff, unyielding body, the way that the fingers curled around his waist pressed into him with the smallest amount of pressure as Sherlock allowed his own lips to move slightly against John's increasingly lingering kisses. He found himself slowly letting his thoughts ebb away as he allowed his body to lean in just a little further, the constant thrumming of the heart that had already been racing quickening as he daringly let his finger dart out and touch John's hip again, the occasional rush of emotion and the single thought of
There were no implications behind it, but still the idea sent an odd wave of butterflies and tension through John's stomach. "I don't know. I don't know what's going to happen. Can I text you?"
Letting out a bellow of barely suppressed rage, John slammed the laptop shut and pushed the desk chair away with all of his might, immense satisfaction coursing through him as the old machine fell from its sitting-place and crashed to the floor. He threw himself back onto the bed, body still trembling hard at the pure self-righteous anger flooding his system, eyes barely able to see the blank ceiling above him as the edges hazed over – so it was true what they said about seeing red when you were angry. Right now it was
with Mycroft Holmes," said John gruffly, leaning back on the chair and folding his arms. "I can't say I've ever had the misfortune to speak to a more unpleasant human being."
"Yes. I wanted to see if you'd been officially diagnosed with anything. And, as we've said, your academic profile. There was a… picture on there. Your student ID photo."
Joanne Harvey sighed once more, leaning back in her chair, fingers idly playing with her wire-rimmed glasses. “I'm not sure what you're apologising for. Could you maybe expand on that?”
"No," Mycroft said, tone still conversational. "Mr. Lestrade is well-versed in Sherlock's habits. The Lestrade's are friends of the family, Gregory here grew up with us. He's how we realised that Sherlock wasn't, in fact, an idiot."
What an odd way to phrase it. "Hurting himself? What, you think he's going to try and get some more heroin or something?"
Wanda shot him a look. "Now, John, don't you lie to me, I can always tell! I know he thinks I'm no better than anyone else, even if technically I do have the IQ of a genius..."
"I'm not in love with a fucking lesbian, a man is in love with me!" And there it was, the reason he had called his sister; silence met his words, filled devastatingly with his own discomfort and regret for letting his irritation with Harry force him to say the words he hadn't really wanted to say at all. But he'd said it now. It was too late to take them back. He took in a deep breath and attempted to sound slightly more sound of mind. "A man... a friend... is in love with me. And I have no idea what I'm supposed to do."
When Sherlock's voice came it was gloriously reminiscent of the tone he used during every major sulk they'd had before this moment. "I haven't been
The tone of Sherlock's voice was greatly amusing to John. He grinned. "Like I said, conversation was limited."
It's irrelevant how I came to be in possession of them. What I would like to focus on, if you do intend to attempt to work with me and bring your marks up, is what you are struggling with and to come up with an appropriate learning system from which you can benefit from.
Oh, that's right, there was a new sensation – material wrapping itself around his hand, a grip on his wrist again that was much firmer than before but not a bad thing; there was actually something about the solidity of it that was welcome, a comfort. He remembered now the dark alleyway and the stabbing pain of something sharp dragging over his skin – a sharp intake of breath as he recalled it all too vividly, and what was that? A thumb shifted and moved gently over his wrist,
Sherlock was a mixture of contradictions, at times. He appeared to have no objection towards nudity, but only at certain times, and only from the waist-up. Of course, John at first hadn't noticed the pattern, having only seen Sherlock naked twice, both times at a distance and with a sheet covering everything that mattered. At the time the army doctor had only taken Sherlock's strange insistence that his hips stay wrapped and covered as a rare sign of modesty, but as time went on it became
But nothing, nothing ever brought him such a moment of peace as when without hesitation, Sherlock picked up a shard of glass, and pressed it under the swell of his breasts against his ribs.
That was the other clear secret that John couldn’t help but face: Sherlock was hiding some past pain.
“Breathing is good, 'Lock. Take it from someone who couldn't for much of his childhood without having some kind of humidifying tank beside him.”
The sentence struck John as eerily familiar, something he had read. Seeing the confusion on his face, the man seemed to sigh to himself. “Perhaps this will jog your memory, then.” he murmured. “My name’s Mycroft Holmes. You’ve had my book for a long, long time.”
“Standard procedure.” She had sighed over the phone, the tone of her voice tired and edged slightly.
John’s cock was leaking copiously by the time Sherlock got a look at it, and it was hard and heavy and leaned just a little bit to the left. The detective grinned upon seeing it, enjoying the hazed look of ecstasy on John’s face as his spidery hands came to wrap about it.
He was fiercely glad in that moment as he bounded over, testing the lock to make sure it would hold. Good. He nodded in satisfaction. It was strong. Nothing could come in then while he set to work. It didn't really occur to him in his hazed state of mind that nothing could get
Sherlock came back to his chambers late into the evening, after the mortal sun had sunk low and the stars had come out, his mother decorating the sky with her servants and children, letting them dance in the darkness. In his kingdom he could just make them out, beautiful humanoid figures twirling and tumbling, playing like puppies chasing after a ball.
. With little reading material available to him as a child might have supposed under different circumstances that he had just never read a book by said author, but from page one those cream pages had spoken about fifty kinds of blasphemy. The kind of blasphemy where people spread rumours of your demise, and your sister wondered what happened to her “dear sweet Johnny” even while not looking at the suspicious circumstances of his disappearance..... lest she be threatened to be made to 'disappear' as well.
Sneak was deliberately vague. He shrugged noncomitantly, gaze sliding away to look about the flat. There was a slight madness about this personality, Sherlock reflected. Something almost unstable, or perhaps disturbingly stable, given the topic they were skirting around. When he did speak again, it was only to change topic. His gaze wasn't
"Wonderful." Brooke turned slightly, already distracted, quite like her husband. "Until later, then."
"But my understanding of love is that it is only worth giving if you are willing to make sacrifices in the name of it."
He did not know what it was about this woman, and he was relatively certain he would never be able to put his finger on it, but not for the first time he had a strong desire to go to her and hug her – perhaps it was his lack of appropriate words, the inability to put what he wanted to say across in a language that she would understand, but for whatever reason he felt that, if there were any time to do it, there was no time like the present. He took a few steps towards her as she turned to face him again, her eyes somewhat damp, and gently wrapped his arms around her.
"It's a simple act, John, I am not asking the world of you." Yes he was. He was. He knew it. "Open your eyes and stop being so unfailingly stubborn."
When Sherlock opened his eyes, they were burning; the murmur slipped through his lips like a caress, his cheeks pinkening further still.
so domesticated. "No, I'd love to come with you, explore the area a bit. And as long as you don't shine a spotlight in my eyes you can ask me anything you like."
By the time he had paid the cabbie and quietly entered his house once more, Sherlock had changed his mind. Not about John – no, that had not changed at all – but he had come to the realisation that if he was ultimately determined to have John by his side and not find himself replaced by a currently nameless woman (because he was certain that John was not homosexual) then he would have to find a way to make him understand... no, not make him. That was all wrong. He didn't want to force his own frail grasp of what was going on between them onto John. He wanted John to decide for himself. But John was stubborn. He was ignorant. He couldn't see for himself what was painfully obvious.
how you feel about… well, feelings in general, I know it makes you all huffy and snorty so don't bother giving me that look that tells me you're above all of that. Because it's plain as day right now, to me at least, that we need to clear the air a bit – we've both been going through things recently and now we're both going to counselling and god knows even the
"It's fine," he insisted, shaking his head, "I don't want you to be worrying about it when I can just tell you. Yes, we had an argument and things are a bit complicated at the moment. But I'm here for a reason, I'm here because I don't want us to be in a bad place. He really is my... my best friend -" the words didn't even do it justice anymore, "- I genuinely care about him and I want to work through it."
"John's father is a relapsing alcoholic," Sherlock cut across him bluntly, "so I doubt he thinks much of anything about it."
The man called Lewis walked towards him. "Ah, he's a nice one, Shez. Follows orders. I can see why you like 'im." In the dim light John could just about make out a round, craggy face, scars marring what looked to be at least half of his left cheek. Adrenaline helping along nicely, John's mind quickly processed 'Shezza', 'Shez' and the disturbingly Mycroftesque comment on his ability to follow orders; his jaw clenched again, though he was unsure whether it was to stop him from laughing or stop him from denying his willingness. "Didn't know you 'ad a boyfriend."
“Not hard enough. I tried to warn you, I tried to discourage you – and him. I thought he would be weaker, easier to sway -”
"You really shouldn't swear quite so much, it makes you sound far less intelligent than you actually are."
. John, I'm linking you to Sherlock. For those who have no idea what that means, Sherlock will now have to take a drink whenever John does. Same goes for John whenever Sherlock has to take a drink. In other words," a big, drunken grin plastered itself over his face, "they are both 100% FUCKED."
“It might have been all right, if she’d just stuck to trying to walk me through the grief, the anger, but something...
Slowly Sherlock turned his slender body completely towards John, eyes remaining fixed on his face, unreadable; as he moved, the direction he had turned altered the position of both of their hands, Sherlock's warm and curled fingers brushing lightly against John's cold wrist and dragging from the smaller man's throat a sharp intake of breath and the tiniest jerk of surprise. The ice-blue eyes travelled lower once more, taking in John's hand on his coat for a few moments before raising them back to rest levelly against the gaze that John could not break.
A voice just above his ear. He could actually feel the vibrations of Sherlock's voice from the man's throat. "What are you doing?"
With the experienced stare of a woman who had been teaching young, intelligent minds for the last twenty years, Joanne's mind started to tick as she looked him over. His hair, usually at least combed, was longer, sticking up all over the place. His clothes – a rumpled pale blue shirt and faded jeans – looked as if they had been slept in, perhaps even unwashed for a few days. His eyes were half-ringed by dark circles, skin pale, and if she were a betting sort of woman she would have bet her pearl earrings that he hadn't been eating properly. It seemed she had been missing something for the last few weeks.
true that had I not begun my journey of illegal drugs I may not have had any form of depression, therefore not reaching out to drugs once more to bring me out of the darkness, but alas, hindsight is far too sharp and I cannot begrudge it for its nature. No point dwelling on it.
. I can't concentrate, can't focus, can't think of anything beyond how heavy it feels, how sluggish my body is whilst trying to fight off the constant, pulsing desperation for..." He broke off, eyes darting up momentarily to John's and back down to his chin. "I have want of something, John, something which apparently I cannot have and the sheer lack of it is tearing my body apart and turning me into an irrational, angry, shaking
Contrary to what the situation before them suggested, it had never been Sherlock's intention to allow something like this to happen.
John thought he might be imagining it as his brain hallucinated from lack of air, but he nearly wept with relief as he felt the Dragon's claws loosen slightly. There was a strange sort of unfocused glaze to the creature's eyes, like it couldn't quite see what was really in front of it. Then again John didn't put much stalk into his own vision right at that moment, as it was fading in and out from black to colour. The young man felt his limbs growing heavy and static filling his ears.
The Soldier looks at him for a long time, doesn't answer. Mycroft's blue eyes read the quiet with piercing accuracy.
He scrabbled at the sheets, the combination of John’s hand and mouth upon him sloppy and clumsy but so
end of its weight scale. It was also long, serpentine in shape, yet not as snake-like as a Chinese Dragon. It muscles underneath the flesh, rope-like tendons that quivered with power despite a life of malnourishment and mistreatment. Its arms and legs especially held a powerful sort of quality, and its hands and feet were long and almost Human-like in the sense that they were built to grip things. They were the approximate size of dust-bin lids. Finally, there was the length of its tail and horns. Like a live snake the tail twitched even in the beasts' sleep like it had a mind of its own as it thrashed agitatedly. John curled further against the wall, unwilling to be speared alive by its whip-like power by accident. The creature's horns crested the top of its head like twin daggers, dark black and sitting between two ears that flicked in a goat-like manner at any kind of noise.
“She hatched only a few days ago, I’ll admit I’m still adjusting to her presence. Would you like to meet my Nalini, Sherlock?” The way he said
Vaguely, John also noticed that his headache was getting stronger. It was positively pounding inside his skull, and his joy was beginning to be pushed aside for a crawling kind of nausea welling up at the back of his throat. He gagged, lurching forward to spit into the sink, only to have nothing to dispel from his stomach. He hadn’t gotten a chance to eat breakfast, since Sherlock had wanted to get started on the case as soon as possible.
“We had to put him down, but the damage was done. The Draski had more than enough ammunition to entice Firenze to their side. They’re recruiting, John. Attempting to tear us apart from the inside out.”
John’s reflexes were fast, but they were not inhuman. Both man and Dragon found themselves toppling onto the bottom cot, Sherlock coming out on top and pinning the soldier down by his shoulders with inhuman strength. John had barely enough time to realise what was happening before Sherlock was shifting, bones realigning themselves and jaw elongating so that the soldier found himself looking up into two brilliant blue slitted eyes.
Elena sat, her tail out of where it was customarily tucked into her pyjamas, the limb twitching as she tried to catch it with one hand. In the other, she had a large picture book trapped to her chest, and she paused in her tail-game to look at John as he woke, and uncharacteristically nervous expression darting across her features. Keeping his voice quiet lest Sherlock wake, John propped himself on his elbows, voice tired but gentle and friendly.
The voice was low, musical, methodical. Irene squinted, seeing a dark shape hunkered by the bushes. She swallowed a scream as she saw animal ears, teeth glinting in the dark. It wasn’t human. The voice chuckled, smelling her fear. “Now, there’s no need to panic. I just ate, and it’d be a shame to take a bite out of such an
The Selkie could hear the Human's footsteps, scratching as they climbed the stone to his side of the beach. From their clumsy rhythm and pace, Sherlock deduced the Human was inebriated. Rather heavily so. Such easy prey.
“This is your last chance. Your loyalty towards Sherlock Holmes is touching but useless. Daniel, The amount of money I can give you-”
And slowly, ever so slowly, the two children moved towards each other, one with the slightly glazed eyes of a person lost to a dream, the other with the hungry look of a creature in search of satiation.
“That’s because you’re an idiot, John. Also Human.” It was not a jibe made of cruelty, but rather a weak attempt to sound scathing.  John smiled softly in response, more used to this kind of reaction.
It echoed in the boy's mind, bouncing around in the blackness as John tried to pinpoint its source. Like a rubber ball thrown inside an elastic room. John chased after it in his mind, knowing the voice, despite the fact that the song tried to drown it out. The further he ran, the closer the voice seemed to become, and soon it took on a frantic edge and John knew it, knew who was looking for him.
He was not overly feminine, but just enough to somehow soften the detective's appearance a little, make him seem not quite so cold.
It contrasted sharply with the tan of John's feet as he stumbled forward, half delirious and so very,
It was as easy as breathing to slide into his other skin, the Gem’s power resonating through his blood, turning it to champagne bubbling and golden. John’s eyes closed, and when they opened his skin was the colour of the sun, his body both his own and not. He reached towards his shoulder where the gem shard sat, feeling the heat resonating off it but not the solidity of his own form. Instead his capable fingers grasped the handle of a gun, sliding from the invisible holster of his gem. It was brazen gold, metallic and warm in his palm. It felt to John like he had held it all of his life, with the way it sat comfortably in his hands.
But there was no answer, and John found himself after nearly an hour sliding down the surface of the door to curl at the foot of it, tilting his pounding head back to rest against the wooden surface and closing his eyes in pain. His chest squeezed tightly like a noose, like the tar in his jumper had seeped somehow through his skin, attempting to drown the organ.
to get to somewhere, and Sally occasionally tried to drown him (playfully, of course). Sherlock appeared to think some more, his hands finally clapping together at reaching a conclusion.
If John's Dragon was even remotely the same, then he'd have to fight his friend tooth and nail to give something like that up.
John decided, to which Mycroft’s grey eyes had narrowed in suspicion, an equally unfriendly smile playing on his face that was made up of derision. The elder Holmes held in every inch of him disbelief as he questioned John’s sudden loyalty.
It was obvious John had lived with this.... condition for most if not all of his life, and to a certain extent, Sherlock had been aggravating his condition. The detective felt at least
The cottage looked much the same as he remembered it. Still slightly crooked, still sitting on the beach like a widow waiting for their husband to return from the sea. John gripped his luggage in his hands tightly, a small frown on his features as he took in the simple slats of the structure, peeling paint perhaps just a tad more faded than his memory had served. A small black rolling case, a faded green army-issue duffel bag, and a frankly atrocious pink suitcase loaned to him from Harry at one point or another were the only things that accompanied him on the shore. Within them were most of his belongings. Clothes, a few books, the usual. And tucked away his back-up option, if this didn't work. Which was quite likely, in his mind. Though the sig couldn't have been as heavy as he believed, the ex-soldier thought he could feel its weight, pressing through the hard plastic shell of the luggage. Its presence was as much a comfort as it was a burden.
His friend peeled his hands away from his ears and looked like he could almost weep with relief. He leant forward and dug under the seats until he found the wet wipes and held them up to John like a trophy of reverent value. John took them into his hands, carefully peeling apart the wet pieces of fabric and releasing a slightly chemical smell in the air. Dodge turned to look at him, eyes glittering with seriousness.
Even though he knew nothing of Dragon anatomy. Or what in the hell kind of infection that was, if that's what it was at all. For all he knew it could be completely normal, although he doubted it, since the other wing was reasonably unmarred. Just a little filthy. That was another thing. The stench coming off both of the Dragons made his nose wrinkle and nausea threaten to creep into his mouth. Sour.
As if sensing his thoughts, Sherlock shifted. The silk blue fabric of his robe moved under John’s hair, and a small sigh left the detective’s mouth, almost nostalgic.
if you want-just please. Believe me. I wouldn't... not without at least leaving first. I'd never... not while you were in the flat.”
The person he heard sobbing at the other end sounded terrified, and for a moment his thoughts froze, calculus homework melting away to be replaced with a cold fear. The idea that something had happened to his sister made the irrational side of Mycroft’s thoughts rear in ugly directions, and a part of him felt sick with expectation of the worst.
John couldn’t say that it had, and before he knew it he was shaking his head in negativity. Mycroft smiled, the expression not happy, but rather somehow sad. His voice was resigned, as if he had known the answer to his question even before asking it.
Sherlock ran, because it was the only thing he seemed to know to do when he was confronted with things he did not understand and could not know. It came to him with an instinctive pull, tightening in his gut and leaving his own breath ragged. He gasped, unsure of where he was running, only knowing that in the dark his own shadow cast long and black along the desert floor. The stars were just beginning to peek out from the plum-coloured sky, seeming to stare down at him accusingly. All the while the Dragon felt his own thoughts swirl noisily in his own head, a repeated mantra of stupid.
John had yet to see it in a Human disguise, and its piercing blue eyes seemed to stare directly through him, knowing far too much for a creature designed to merely aid the Queen in seeing. Its wings, delicate-looking like spider webs, stretched restlessly upon its back. In the dark halo of the Queen’s curls, they looked like sails.
Still he slid it on, if only because he had no other clothes to wear. The fabric was silk, and he tried to ignore the way his own reflection in the pool of water seemed to glare at him as if in accusation. His jaw clenched, John willed away the admission that to a stranger he probably looked the most handsome that he’d ever been in that moment.
However he hadn’t expected John to completely cut off all ties of knowing him, shutting down almost completely into a protective sort of ball of tension as he sat in the chair next to him. Though he answered each of Seb’s questions directly, his responses were curt and pointed. Those dark blue eyes blazed in silent fury as the man had the gall to ask for their help even while systematically belittling Sherlock in every other sentence.
The pair said no more to one another, merely watching the moon as it rose higher into the sky. When dawn came, their silhouettes were gone. Like twin ghosts, they faded into the ethereal golden blue of the waves around them. Wisps hiding from the rising of the sun.
“Yes, well… be careful what you wish for. You’ve earned the love of a Selkie. Though I do not think a human deserves it, there is little to be done. Once bound, our kind can never give away our hearts again. We love so long as the ocean breathes.”
She had left again, seemingly with the idea that he wouldn’t notice. Yet despite how well Greg slept, a part of him always felt the slow creep of the bed springs as she tip-toed out of their shared room. He wasn’t sure why he lay there, silently listening to his wife’s actions, but he’d made a habit of doing so. Her motions were often the same- she’d brush out her hair, put on a dress, grab her shoes and make her way bare-footed across the polished floor. What should have been a soundless execution somehow always felt so loud to him.
Sherlock paused once to admire his own handiwork, nodding at the little spell of protection he had used. It was only a small enchantment, and most Dragons would be able to break it, but he was proud of himself given the fact that he could barely keep his eyes open.
He almost didn’t get a chance to give the order. The creature that suddenly appeared in the darkness, lightning-fast and hungry very nearly decapitated him before he got a chance. John reared back just in time, teeth bared as he ducked and rolled, letting the demon fly over him and miss him by a hair’s breadth. He found his back braced against the inner part of the wall, his bow already notched and aiming for the shadow that was already circling back for another strike. His shoulder twinged with pain.
That night, John and Sherlock played round after round of board games: Monopoly, Sorry!, card games and yes, Cleudo.
A crafty expression slunk its way over Sherlock’s features then, and playfully the Selkie crept forward to John’s shoulder, breathing just inside his natural comfort zone and making the air feel heated. His voice was gently mocking.
It would be just about a year when Mycroft would get the news: his sister had run away from home, and seemed to have absolutely no intention of returning home. He would not receive this information from his mother, but rather via Arthur, calling him late in the evening. It would be during the election, and he would get the phone call from his new work desk (a minor position, but he was confident he would work his way up with time).
John felt the tips of his ears turn pink from the tongue lashing, but he held his ground as fury rose in him, hot and metallic. He had endured insults before, and would likely continue suffering them. He accepted it was part of army life, and he was used to them from his childhood. It was just that they weren't actually directed at
The Water-Spirit found Molly resting just outside of his chambers in an ornate chair, her long brown hair free from its usual elaborate ties and hanging loosely in waves down her chest. She was bare-foot and in her nightclothes, but true to Sherlock’s earlier orders she had not left in case their new guest had a need that could be fulfilled. With his approach she stirred, soft brown eyes opening blearily before clearing as she came to realise that she had dozed off. A small flush rose to her cheeks even as she leapt to her feet, bare toes digging against the marble floor.
And beat him back and away from the group. Sherlock, his song cutting off into a whimper as he dove back for the darkness of the farther-reaching water, recoiled from the physical violence as much as their words that cut and tore, tearing apart the young seal as if he was nothing more than a scarecrow trampled underfoot.
Raz's audible sigh of relief made  John realise that in that moment, he was only worth a field and two strangers. It was strange, how putting that in perspective seemed to align his scattered thoughts into one single-minded point.
The water whispered, if one only bothered to listen to its words. Clouds could murmur, thunder roared, and sometimes all of the chatter was so distracting that Sherlock longed to press his hands to his ears, scream that he had heard enough. Yet when it rained, all of the voices seemed to come together in a symphony, the likes of which demanded to be listened to.
The creature’s voice was posh, formal, but it did nothing to soothe John’s wariness. It rolled like cresting waves over him in the Queen’s English, British and so out of place with the brogue of most of Lispole.
After punching Mycroft,  Sherlock had ran. His shoes pounding hard on the pavement, nearly slipping from the night’s rain. His breath streaming cold in the winter air. Great, heaving gasps broke from his lips, trembling in clouds before his face and obstructing his vision almost as much as the damning wetness collecting in his eyes. Hot and burning, the tears soaked into his sleeve, pressed to his face.
The Magic’s costly but not unheard of, and there would be no other way for a Dragon to rise so highly in power... You’re a
“We need to find a way.... Preferably one that allows for a controlled environment....Something without lasting traumatic effect or at least little of it...”
And so, Shyla, Sherlock, both of them went to school, like two old friends clasping hands side by side even when on the outside they appeared stoic and cold.
His sister looked at him, eyes flashing in knowledge. Her voice was soft and sure, and before they could reach the throngs of village people and become separated, she took the young man's hand and squeezed tightly.
"Well, look at you," she gushed softly, walking around the door properly and revealing herself to be quite as beautiful as he could have ever imagined she could be; the pale green chiffon empire dress she wore skated the floor as she walked, the delicate pearl-detailed waistband shimmering as she reached out towards him and smoothed down his waistcoat – with the addition of her simple droplet pearl earrings and a thin pearl necklace (perhaps the one that Mycroft had worn once upon a time) she looked so wonderfully elegant and glowing with such understated class that, for a moment, John felt as if he could perfectly understand now the pride in her own eyes.
Far from it, he had come to be alone. Had run far away, escaping his brother's grasp on him to come to the cove. He had wanted to think, wanted to observe. He had wanted only to catch a glimpse of the tow-headed boy, if only the barest of looks before he would have to leave. Migration was coming soon, the pups would soon grow sleeker and more apt at swimming. Sherlock had already noticed slight changes in his body, some of the softness going away. Replaced with something sharp and predatory. A hunter by nature. He hadn't been to the beach for a few moons now, having been swimming in the sea with his brethren. Still, he hadn't been able to get the Human's face out of his mind. Hadn't been able to get his essence, his flavour to leave his tongue. Such a
Sherlock paused in his haste to get into the cab that pulled to the kerb for him, wondering for a moment if he had actually heard correctly. Inside the cab, the driver looked at him with a raised eyebrow muttering to him to “Get the hell in if he wanted a ride.”
John breathed deeply, comprehension flooding his expression. To see Harry, his mother and father again… it brought him a plethora of mixed feelings. On the one hand, he yearned for something familiar to attach himself to in this strange, new world. On the other hand, they had been the ones to sign his marriage certificate in Earthly witness.
“Do I get to state out loud that you're killing yourself slowly? That you seem hell-bent on ensuring that our mother can't ever mention you in polite company to her friends? As your brother do I not get to
His jaw clenched as the elder Holmes took one menacing step closer, expression flat and deadly. The glint of Mycroft’s cloak shimmered under the cabin’s lights as he invaded John’s personal space, his height intimidating and commanding attention as much as his posture. It was an attack, albeit a silent one, and John weathered it with an arched eyebrow and a look of disinterest. He was more focused on Sherlock’s face, angry but at the same time piercing, thoughtful. It was merging more into interested the longer that John held his ground, and the closer that Mycroft came to his mate.
would be more reserved with having strangers look at them. However he was not the one who had made those cuts, and so he felt little responsibility or guilt over them. At least, he told himself that as her fingers gently traced the lines, his cigarette almost burning his fingers as he let it alone too long.
Sure enough, John was breathing sharply through his nose, gritting his teeth as Dodge checked Sherlock over. It was just a physical examination, really the Dragon
“Sorry.” Under his breath. His voice was cracked and raspy, as if Sherlock hadn't spoken in a very long time. John was privately impressed with the creature's language skills, but saddened by the fact that begging was the first time the Dragon had bothered to speak to him. Crouching in front of Sherlock and grabbing his medical kit, he rolled up the trouser leg of the Dragon's clothes, dabbing at the smaller cuts with hydrogen peroxide. Sherlock hissed at the sting slightly, but offered no other complaint.
Downstairs, the soft lilting notes of Bach’s Partita No. 2  began to drift into the air eerily. It was a lonely piece, something sad and achingly sweet in its tone that spoke of a solitude so profound that it could be felt in every slide of the strings. Daniel had never been one for classical music, but in that moment, he felt that perhaps the tone of the song described all of them with perfect clarity. Alone, and yet longing to find purpose. The frail hope in the notes suggesting a wish, a want to be more than they were. It became stronger the longer the notes danced, contrasting sharply with the poignant sadness.
She spoke with a weight of wisdom that seemed larger than such a small body could bear. Surely, something so frail couldn't sound so certain of her own words. Not when Sherlock himself couldn't speak without shaking.
Mrs. Hudson watched it all with fond amusement, eyes crinkling at the corners even as her mouth fought to keep back a smile. She didn't appear overly worried for John's safety, and he soon found out why when she explained.
The next day came, and with it the stress from the past couple of nights seemed to dissolve like snow during Spring. The sun streamed through the curtains of John's room, rousing the army doctor from his rest slowly. John blinked, winced and rolled over sleepily. His mind was slow to remember the events of before, for a moment he was only aware of the delicious ache in his limbs and the warmth surrounding his body like a cocoon. He stretched, yawning hugely as he sat
That was all the time he had to observe however, as his mother was the first to regain her voice out of the two of them. It cut across the room like a blade, and Shyla hunched away from it as if it were acid.
as she had stared into her drink. When he finally had gotten the nerve to approach her, he found out that Willow had run away from her home.
They were assigned to tough desert-painted trucks, with canopies blocking off the beating sun that seemed to leach into the very soil, and set everything aflame. The back was a simple bench, and John and Sherlock looked curiously at the village they drove through, as they were separated from the others they knew. The Dragon stayed close to John, now that they were seated across from other soldiers and servants. His cool body temperature kept him from sweltering in the heat, and wordlessly chilled John's side as he leaned against him. Sherlock looked strange in his military garb, dark green shirt fitting better on his slim frame than John's shirt did, his collar shimmering with the reflection of the sun as they both peered outside.
John's pale brow furrowed in concentration, his tongue stumbling over the complicated clicks and squeaks within the name. He was suddenly determined to do better than the other child, and finally proudly said “Sherlock Holmes!” with a large grin. The pale boy smirked, glittering eyes twinkling with the motion. It was a strangely innocent expression, and John found himself smiling in return, laughing as the creature insisted on repeating his name until it came out vaguely as
But the elder Holmes was cut off, as quite suddenly, Daniel's hands were reaching into the back of his jeans. Pulling John's sig from his trousers, Mycroft had just enough time to make the barest of flinches before he realised that the gun was not aimed at him. Rather, John's hand was steady as it pressed the brunt of his own weapon to his skull.
Mycroft nodded dutifully. He tried not to think about how all of the other children were at least three years older than him. He wondered if they’d even take him seriously.
Thank you all so much for reading this fic, and I hope you enjoy the ending. I've loved all of the kind comments, kudos and art I've received :)
The smashing of a particularly ugly photo of his sister satisfied John's nerves enough that the melody was cut short in his ears. The tinkling of glass against hardwood drowned out his lingering feeling of fear.
Strangely, the thought did not lessen the dull ache in his chest. Nor the faint grumbling in his abdomen as he spun around, flopping back on the bed and brooding amongst the sheets.
However the sight that greeted him as he gathered his bearings made his growls halt and die before they passed his throat.
He landed a few feet away from the fountain, his bare feet brushing cold stone. It babbled noisily, the only sound in a surrounding that not even birds dared to linger for too long. Sherlock approached the fountain, the words he so often uttered already on his lips.
It had become an unspoken agreement between the two of them, Sherlock's tactile advances. Though the Dragon was deliberately obtuse and prickly towards any affection forced upon him, he could be possessive and highly affectionate, if John pretended to ignore him. John had allowed him to rest his head upon his knee, fingers carding through the Dragon's hair and untangling the snarls that always seemed to
In front of him John stirred slightly, sighing through his parted lips. The man twisted in his sleep, curling more deeply inwards on himself. His breath was even, deep but not abnormally so. The detective's eyes closed in thought.
Shutting his eyes in resignation, he mentally vowed that when John came back to him, the man was going to buy him dinner. No,
He almost slumped against the couch, except that a pair of strong, wiry arms demanded he stay upright.
If only because if he was going to be eaten by something with eighteen inch fangs because of his obvious ineptitude at training animals, he wanted to die seeing the colour of that sunrise one last time as his final breath.
kind went and got involved with Fae, and the next thing we knew a contract had been forged. Your numbers wouldn’t deplete so if you hadn’t gotten meddlesome. Now we starve for most of the year, only to gorge ourselves come this night.” The Demon wasn’t sure why he was explaining secrets of his kind’s history, but the timbre of his voice seemed to calm the small human beneath him, even if it was subconsciously.
A flash of challenge in his flatmate's eyes, Sherlock folded his hands in his lap. His head tilted to the side, something mean and petulant lingering in his eyes to cover his own vulnerability and shame at the situation. The awkward demand that John felt forced to give. His voice was sickly sweet, smooth at changing the subject.
Greg’s first serious case had been a drugs bust, and like any cop who had been up until said point doing little else but handing out parking tickets and directing traffic, he had been all but chomping on the bit to get some actual action into his career. When he looked back at himself then, a bright young thing in some ways entirely still too naive about the cruelty of other human beings, Greg privately admitted only to himself that he felt something akin to embarrassment. His younger self had been filled with imaginings of solving the impossible cases, of going above and beyond the call of duty. He pictured himself a superman amongst mortals, something that in the force could get you killed if you kept it beyond your beginning years.
Sherlock couldn't move if he tried; he was much too sleepy now. His remaining fury melted into the walls themselves, exhaustion tugging at him, a demanding Mistress.
Like a mother crooning to her child, the creature before him seemed to radiate an anaesthetic-like feeling of calm. Almost as though John was wrapped in the numbing tentacles of a jellyfish. It stung, but it only barely registered on the surface. Like a slow-acting poison.
Then, like a breath that had passed, the moment was gone and the litter was on its way. The truck carried on and John felt as if he could breathe again. To his surprise, Sherlock did not calm once the litter was out of sight. Rather, he seemed to draw nearer to John, guarding him protectively. His thoughts were loud and sharp, jagged spikes of possessiveness and outrage.
John looked at Elena, who stared back at him unblinkingly. Her head was tilted almost thoughtfully to one side, her lips pursed, thinking. In that moment, she was Sherlock, through and through. Yet she melted into something
As the clock ticked on, his heart began to pound in his throat. John suddenly hoped, intensely and desperately, that he hadn't been scammed. That this wasn't some sort of cosmic joke on him, and that he hadn't been taken for a ride. Because if he was wrong, if the book was a lie, then he honestly wasn't sure what he would do.
The two of them spent the rest of the afternoon sitting in that way, ignoring the pile of glass. They might have spent the evening as well, if John hadn't insisted on getting some food into the Dragon. Before the soldier could stand, Sherlock grabbed his wrist possessively, looking at him with deep, shifting eyes. A tingling rushed over the soldier's spine, bubbling up his veins and through the crook of his elbow to spread to the rest of his body. It was not unlike being exposed to a ray of sunlight, the sensation slowly warming until it nearly burned to the touch. He gasped, and in the moment he did Sherlock uttered something in Dragon-Tongue, the words eerie and chanting and quick. Like a butterfly's breath.
Staring down at the man he’d known for barely two weeks, John found himself sighing, fingers playing idly with the large pocket of his hoodie. Something had been irrevocably changed in his life, he knew, but
"I'm not the type to go out of my way to say these sorts of things, and... it's important that you know that. It's important in the very least if, as I intend, our relationship is going to progress the way in which I think would benefit us both."
He took two steps towards the door before it was flung open. Standing there, drink in hand, flushed in the face and grinning like she'd never experienced alcohol before was Molly, a girl from his course and another person he had once considered a friend... and jesus, did she looked absolutely
"Yoooou looooove himmmmm," she sang down the phone, clearly in reams of delight, "you want to kissssss him in the raaaain... wait, what's that song?" She started to sing properly now. "I don't miiind spending every daaaay out on the corner in the pooouring raaaaain -"
It didn't make a damned bit of difference that Sherlock was mocking him; the allusion that he had stared into John's eyes often enough to know their colour was too intimate. No one else noticed, naturally – Wanda set to waving her hand at Sherlock and telling him not to be rude, Tim chuckling lightly and mumbling something about liking that dress, Mycroft... well, smirking – but John found himself yet again with his eyes zipping up to rest on Sherlock's suddenly taut face, his apparently 'muted blue' eyes unable to look away as the very slightest flush coloured the skin around his friend's razor-sharp cheekbones.
’ voice, and that would be enough to shake any man’s resolve. Slowly, slow enough that he catches John’s reflection-gaze one last time in the now heavily condensated window, Sherlock pushes himself away from the glass and turns on the spot to finally - upon command - face John. Face the words he had spoken hours earlier. Face reality.
John found he couldn't stand to look at him anymore; he turned back to the pan and started aggressively separating the chunks of mince that he had not paid enough attention to. "If that's how you feel, then, fine. I'll finish this and go apologise to your parents for infringing on their hospitality, pack my bag and leave."
John let this sink in for a few moments before taking in a deep breath and forcing himself back to the matter at hand. "So you think your dad would be fine with it too. Good. So that just leaves... everyone else. All of my friends, at uni and back at home. I don't know how they'd take it. I don't
"Perhaps the swearing is a sign you're not as intelligent as I thought," the voice said, still condescending, mildly teasing, the phrasing gradually making itself known as very, very familiar. "And perhaps you should consider putting a lamp beside your bed to avoid any future confusion. Tell me, do you often have men appearing without warning in your bedroom? Am I one of a number?"
The genius took a small step towards the bed before hesitating. "You... you do mean now, don't you?"
"Well, you do. But that doesn't mean I'm going to hit you, why would I waste valuable energy on a fight I'd probably lose?"
She offered him a smile, the first genuine one since he had walked in. "I prefer 'effective'. And, so. John. What makes him different?"
"Very funny," John muttered, lifting his glass of water and lemon to his lips and taking a sip. "Let's keep those sorts of comments for Mycroft and Greg, though I admire your dedication to method-acting."
"Have you suddenly regressed twenty years? Complaining to an adult that you can't sleep and demanding to be entertained?"
“I'm sorry.” The words slipped across his tongue, empty and entirely useless. “You're right. I'd forgotten... I'd blocked it out. What I said to you.”
When John next awoke to the familiar taste of emptiness, he could not recall having thrown his phone under the desk and out of sight.
Wanda took control over the conversation, clearly sensing some tension. "So, John, yes – the village ball, you really should come. Have you ever heard Sherlock play his violin before?"
The thought of there being something which set them apart from one another sparks a thread of unwanted fear directly down his spine.
"Grow up, Dad. Either be here or don't be here, but don't look to me for advice as to how to treat someone you barely know because you were too wrapped up in your own shit to deal with your kids."
"What I mean to say is… your feelings are… that of a…" He practically choked it out. "…romantic partner?"
"Or Sherlock's bed," Greg quipped, raising his eyebrows suggestively; both young men turned to glare at him, his eyes widening and his hands raising in defence as he leaned back from their consternation. "Whoah, whoah, too soon? All right, stop looking at me like you want to kill me, I was only kidding. I'm glad you two are mates again."
Without warning William had pushed himself off of the fence and had taken two, long steps towards John, stopping mere inches from him; John forced himself to stay where he was, ignoring his desire to move away as William's eyes bore into his – he had to tilt his chin up to meet the gaze, something that made his anger feel twice as powerful as it mixed with embarrassment.
"Oooh, romantic! Sure, mate, no problem." He was laughing, but his support was genuine. "I'll find somewhere to go. Want me to stay out the whole night?"
Another eye-roll, this one inherently more patronising than the last. “It's more complicated than that, Mycroft.”
He did not need to look at Sherlock to know that the man had rolled his eyes. "We were hardly going to argue for the entire summer, particularly when my brother insisted on forcing us to spend time in the same house for three weeks. No patience for that sort of drama."
He eyed her steadily. "I've told you too much, you know." He shook his head. "It is a failure on my part."
"Y'know, dear, just yesterday you were telling him that if you could live anywhere in the world it would be here," he reminded her with a smile in John's direction, "so I'm not sure if calling it a mon-"
Sherlock’s head jerks irritably to the side, not seeing how The Woman had anything to do with the conversation. She was nothing. This was... well. Considerably
John’s voice mirrors the softness of his approach. “I went to see my therapist after you died.” He pauses, the silence pressing intimately against the fact that Sherlock had in fact
"You're one to talk," she responded sagely, placing her own hand on the door handle as they stopped the car. "Anyway, as I was saying – she married above what anyone would have ever expected of her and now she's the lady of this estate, alongside her rather...
John shook his head, changing direction to start heading towards the park. "You really are hard work, you know that?"
Sherlock glanced up briefly from his phone, flickering his gaze rapidly to John's face; his best friend had been oddly quiet today and, despite his determined attempts to read beyond his fleeting smiles and assess what was going on, Sherlock had found himself frustratingly unaware of what was going on behind his distracted expression. It was irritating and concerning, two things that Sherlock was quickly coming to realise were commonplace in relation to how he felt for the smaller man.
John would not meet his eyes; instead he seemed to focus his gaze upon the hollow of Sherlock's throat – naturally, of course. It was directly in front of his natural eyeline. "You're too... you're taking it too far." He seemed to be taking care with his words, breathing in deeply through his nose – attempting to calm himself. "You've proved your point, I acknowledge that you're pissed off at me for insinuating that I want you to change but this isn't... this is too far, Sherlock." The mottled blue eyes flickered momentarily to his before darting back down; was that a flush to his cheeks? If Sherlock had any resolve left it was slowly evaporating, every word John spoke and every breath taken was shaking his willpower and this would not end well. "Just... please. Let go. Move. I can't."
“Yes, well, I’m allowed to be sentimental with you. And it won’t happen often, so just enjoy it whilst it lasts.”
“I was fifteen when I was first introduced to drugs. I was at boarding school, one where the mere mention of drugs was to bring shame on your entire family and so, in the end, it should have been a difficult process. It shouldn’t have been possible. But, needless to say, it was.
The nonchalance deflated Sherlock somewhat. He felt himself start to detach from the idea. "Perhaps another time."
Sherlock didn't even give John a chance to argue or choose, the sigh that escaped his lips revealing his signature impatience with all things pointless as per usual; he reached across with his left hand and placed it over the top the curled, tensed fist which rested on the table between them, his long fingers moving gently to lay still over John's smaller ones, the warmth from his large palm exerting just the smallest amount of pressure and feeling so incredibly inoffensive that all John could do was watch as it settled itself on top of his hand and then lay perfectly still.
. "Oh, come on, Greg," he said, voice so low it was almost a rumble, "we both know that John doesn't come here just to
John paused for a moment in unscrewing the lid of the wine, the bottle in his hand hovering unopened over the sizzling pan. He did not look at Sherlock. "What sort of plans would I have?"
“Well,” John began with a shrug, “I’m going to have to see them eventually. I can’t avoid them for the entirety of the summer break, no matter how welcoming your parents are or how much they – well, your mum – clearly wants me here.”
Forgot to send the original draft of this chapter home from work, so had to rewrite this evening - went in a totally different direction to what I was planning!! ANYHOO, hope you enjoy it! :D R&R, my lovelies!
"No..." John's fists curled around his shirt again, holding him in place. "Don't do that. Don't move away."
John... oh, he was so out of his depth now. His body was responding, humming – no, it wasn't sexual, it wasn't quite that; the part of himself that should be making itself known in its frustratingly obvious way hadn't yet kicked into gear, he didn't feel the urge to do anything other than breathe his best friend in, he didn't want to...
Sherlock did not reply; instead he wound his way out of the alleyway without a single word, back through the streets that John would have never gone through in a million years had it not been for his seemingly unperturbed friend and only speaking once they were out onto a main road, lights almost shocking after so much time spent in darkness. "Are you feeling all right?"
"Half is fine," he said quickly, knowing how rapidly wine affected him and not wanting to embarrass himself. "Thank you."
Another snigger. "That's fine, I have other things to be getting on with. Oi, get your hand out of there -"
She practically leapt up from her seat, plucking from her plate the last remnants of a roast potato and throwing it in her mouth as she nodded. “Yep. Grab your stuff and I'll walk with you to the station.”
Looking properly at Sherlock, John realised that the man was genuinely asking, genuinely curious despite his obvious aversion to discussing such topics. He thought about it for a moment. "Well, it was less about personality and more about what she looked like. She had nice hair."
"If I'm being an arsehole, John, it's merely out of concern. As your friend, and I assure you that I'm intent on keeping that title, it's my duty to look out for you. I read about it."
"Not at all," Sherlock said smoothly, staying where he was. "It's not me you need to be worried about offending."
"Apparently. Every year on our anniversary he retells the story to me of how he was so bored and preparing to leave when he looked across the room and saw me standing awkwardly next to my mother, clutching a glass of champagne and playing with the material of the pink dress I was wearing. He says it was the most defining moment of his life. That if he had left just minutes before he wouldn't have seen me." Her cheeks were burning. "At the next ball, the second one, he asked my mother permission to dance with me and that was that. I was in love and there wasn't a single man who could distract me."
Mycroft said nothing, lifting the glass of red wine in front of him to his lips and taking a sip; Greg looked between them for a few moments before giving an emphatic nod, reaching out and taking John's half-empty glass of lager and downing it in one. "Ahh. Thanks mate, needed that." He gave his biggest shit-eating grin as John stared open-mouthed at him, clearly unimpressed. "Glad to hear it. I figured you were all right, considering... well. Considering Sherlock's text."
“But...” She sighed, allowing him to win this one. “All right. You can go. But please John, just remember that we're here to help you, not judge you. If you need extra support, you need only say.”
The amusement lingering in the back of Mycroft's tone was almost completely cancelled out by the genuine question, the serious undertones. "I intend to get him back from the brink of wherever he is and find a way of making this okay. Or are you asking me if I plan to shag him? Say what you mean, Mycroft, I've had pretty much all I can take of undercurrents and insinuations this side of 2013."
Sherlock walked and stopped beside him, holding a folder with what John assumed to be sheet music and his fingers wrapped around the handle of his violin case; a small surge of warmth shot through John's stomach at the thought that he was going to see Sherlock perform for the first time that evening, wondering if he was really as good as his mother said he was or if it was just the rose-tinted glasses of a loving matriarch.
"Lovely! Thank you, John, and Sherlock," Wanda said, setting out tall glasses and making her way around the table to fill each glass with what looked to be fresh orange juice, "just get yourselves sitting down..."
John shrugged. "It wasn't like I've done it before... it just seemed like it didn't matter so much, being at university and everything. It's not something I'd usually do, it was just that the opportunity arose and I... took it."
John gritted his teeth, too tired to be irritated but knowing he would probably find the energy to snap at his friend should he keep pushing. "You are my best friend, Mike, it's just been a difficult couple of months. It's not like I've been enjoying not being able to see you -"
This is the hill leading up to the Observatory in the story, and on the right there you can see the Observatory itself.
For a while after William had left, sitting in the darkness with only the light of the laptop keeping him company, John found himself staring at the computer screen and reading the words back to himself until they no longer made sense.
Sherlock realised he had not yet invited him in, stepping aside quickly and taking the bottle of wine between oddly clammy fingers and pulling it to rest against his chest. "He left half an hour ago with Lauren."
for a man. So if it makes you feel any better about this, at all, this is all pretty much as terrifying for me as much as it might be for you."
"I guess I'll... think about it. Properly. I'm not going to say I think it'll go one way or the other or that I'll act on whatever I decide, but... all right. I'll give it some thought."
shut up. Stop telling Greg he can have a party once a month, he'll start getting ideas above his station."
"I'm sure you'd like a bit of time to yourself to explore," Wanda enthused, eyes flitting like a hawk between them. "Martha, the lady I spoke to earlier, said that if you carry on down the beach in the other direction and go over that hill there, you'll find lots of rocks to climb over and disport yourself with."
“So,” Greg broke through the silence, clapping his hands together, “how much longer are you guys staying here for?”
Sherlock hesitated; all right, so he was discussing John, but he did not feel it was necessary to divulge to his woman information that John struggled himself to admit. It would be inappropriate. He would simply leave out certain information. "His academic situation was… precarious. He was referred to me by one of the faculty members."
Unfortunately, John was already rather drunk and therefore vulnerable to failure; taking this joyfully into account, Greg held the number two aloft triumphantly and pointed directly at him as he announced:
Sherlock made a noise of obvious impatience in the back of his throat. "And you have yet to answer mine. And I asked first."
And then John forgot that he had ever had a single breath of resolve left in his body, because resolve was not important when the heat was still trapped in his chest but it had become something different entirely; he did not need to think of how or why as he grabbed Sherlock by the front of his shirt and wheeled him around, backing the man up until the dark, curly head hit the front door and John was leaning up to press his lips, hard and unforgiving, against the perfect bow that he had stared at more in the last few years than he was willing to admit. Resolve was a thing of the past as he pushed his solid body against the lithe, warm, unresisting form of his best friend and his lips moved fervently, desperately, heatedly in harmonising tandem to Sherlock's slower, sweeter, inexperienced rhythm; there was no real flow to his movements as his palms dragged over the detective's stomach and emitted from the taller man a deep groan in the back of a pale, white throat that he absolutely
Sherlock watched with narrowed eyes as the doorknob began to turn; his fingers rapidly began to text, knowing even as he did that it would be too late and that by the time John had even received the message that the door would be open and he'd be over the threshold -
Sherlock slammed the lid of his laptop down. "Fine. Your depression isn't the consequence of your bad grades, your bad grades are a consequence of your depression. All of the things that you associate with your depression –
In other news, I took a wander over to Baker Street today after work and bought myself a little tiny violin in a little tiny violin case from the Sherlock Holmes museum. Saw a duck and named it Lestrade. Was a damned good day.
"All right, John. All… all right. I'll take care of you." He shifted slightly, directing his next words to the man in the car. "221 Well Place. Quick as you can."
He patted her shoulder, discomfort at the closeness weighing down on him. She seemed to realise this, or perhaps she felt it just as much as he did, and she began to wriggle herself free just as soon as he started to pull his arms away – their eyes met once more for a moment before she sniffed loudly and reared her arm back, laying into his upper arm a punch so hard that he wondered for a moment how much anger she'd been repressing herself against him and temporarily regretting his reaching out to her at all.
He waited, unable to take his eyes off of his phone or let it fall from his hands. He tapped his thumb nail impatiently against the screen, laughing dryly at the sheer ridiculousness of his impatience when he had only just sent the message -
Wanda nodded and stayed silent for a few moments, almost as if she were waiting for something; he wasn't an idiot, he knew what she was waiting for – for him to go into depth about how lucky he felt and why – but he was well aware that anything he said to her could be taken wrongly... or perhaps the real issue was that she'd take it exactly as he meant it. His head was a mess. The words he would no doubt say would cause him more confusion than he could bear at that moment, so he left her to wait it out.
.” Harry finally gave up any pretence of eating dinner, dropping her knife and fork with a clatter and folding her arms tightly against her chest. “Mum's been dealing with this like it doesn't exist for years, and look what it's bloody done to her. What John was saying -”
"I have food poisoning, John," Sherlock said evenly, even as a huge tremble seemed to shake him from shoulders to feet in one giant wave. "Remember?"
,” John said flatly, folding his arms and shifting to block the view into his room. “He’s actually sleeping right now, so maybe you’d like to come back in the morning to pick him up. Or, y’know, I could just walk him home. The fresh air would probably do him a world of good.”
He shuffled down the stairs as silently as he could manage, avoiding the fourth creaky step and grasping the banister so tightly his knuckles went white. He eventually managed to reach the bottom with a careful hop over the creaky floorboard at the bottom and began to step carefully down the hallway and towards the kitchen -
However the Dragon may have remained calm, if it weren't for the other Dragon's nerve. His gall to reach out and
The voice felt like a long-forgotten dream, covered in drifts of falling snow. For an instant, Sherlock thought he saw not the dozens of barracks lined in orderly rows, but the jagged edge of a mountain, and he felt the echo of a wind that was too cold for Afghanistan, far too cold. A man looked down to him, his watery eyes kind and blue-grey. His hair was salt and pepper-streaked, and the paint that marked his face told his title: King. The image felt ringed in fire and smoke. When he blinked, it was gone.
She'd punctuated her statement with a razor-edged grin, turning towards him as her servant tucked the last pin to hold the elegant braid that interwove with the rest of her hair in place. As she sat across from him, Sherlock was forced to admit it:
So they didn't know about him; Sherlock had not mentioned him. John wasn't sure whether this was reassuring or not. To be completely frank he wasn't altogether sure of how he felt about all of this in general, if only because the moment he had watched Sherlock walk away from him he'd found that the almost comfortingly familiar smog of nothing had settled back upon his shoulders like a worn cloak. He had not left his room for nearly twenty-four hours save for visiting the bathroom, nor did he plan to. He had emailed Joanne the second time he had awoken from his restless slumber and informed her that he was not going to be in his seminars for the next few days, to be met with a response of pure concern rather than consternation – understandable since he had been doing so well recently. Thanks to Sherlock and his increasingly intense study programme he had found his grades steadily rising once more to the point where he had a chance of passing this year with good marks should be continue along that gradient; if nothing else he was resolved to at least write his end of year essays and attend his exams, even if his seminar attendance would suffer.
"Its pointless arguing with her," Sherlock said lightly, glancing down at the ground before looking back up. "She's unbearably stubborn."
The Dragon's snarl was already rumbling through his frame threateningly before he could stop it, the sound low and dangerous like thunder on the eve of a horizon.
John's eyes fluttered opened with the rising of the sun, wincing at the sharp light in the window as for a moment it washed out his vision. Disoriented, he couldn't figure out where he was for a moment. Last he could remember.... he had been at a bank.....
“I don’t wanna go,” Sherlock groused, pouting. “Myc promised he’d take me to the Underpass.” That had been before the party had been scheduled, and before his mother had insisted that Mycroft not take Sherlock to the ledge at the top of the mountain where older Dragons started to learn how to fly. She fixed her eldest son with a brief glare, though her hands were still gentle as she fussed over Sherlock’s outfit.
Molly found it still startling, to wake to the noise of London traffic instead of an army compound. The rain was a patter she found foreign to her ears, the hush of clean sheets a novelty she hadn’t yet shaken off. The city was at once a strange mingling of freedoms and reintroduced restrictions, the likes of which she was still inevitably getting used to.
The most prominent feature and immediately noticeable was the distinct separation of the classes throughout the streets, blatantly reflected in the way the road was divided. People in rags all but cleared the way for what looked to be a procession of grand proportions. John had thought the central District of London had held extreme wealth, but he found his jaw dropping open in shock as a litter carried by Dragon servants came into view from down the street. For one, the servants were all bare save for the silken loincloths tucked around their waists. Tanned skin stretched over their unclothed shoulders and torsos, weathered as much by sun as by rain. There was a kind of grace to them as they moved, suggesting a powerful, hidden strength capable of so much more than just carrying, and they all bore the markings of Chinese descent, delicate in frame and dark-haired. The glint of their collars was evidence of their Master's wealth. John couldn't be sure of course, but squinting he was fairly certain that most of the frame was solid gold, glittering jewels embedded it in intricate patterns, leaves and sprigs of ivy. Tiny but immeasurably precious. The gems sparkled in the haze of the early afternoon sun, and from across the bench of the truck Murray was quick to answer the questions showing in the soldiers’ eyes.
To his right, a massive blue eye flicked open. In the shadows his mother rested, dark blue scales blocking out the sunlight to the rookery. Her wings were massive, twin sails tucked against her spine. As she stretched from her sleep, her tail lifted to touch its tip to Mycroft’s side, an affectionate nudge.
His mum shrieked, seeming not to notice John's huddled form at the foot of the stairs. He had been woken by the crash, by the shattered pieces of china that lay scattered on the floor of the kitchen, dangerously close to bare feet. It had knocked him out his dreams, pulling him towards reality downstairs. His sleepy brain was clouded and confused.
The army doctor shifted uneasily, a slow prickling feeling humming at the back of his neck. His eyes were dark with unease. A question played on his lips, confusion evident in his posture, the stance of his legs.
John left the Dragon to his own devices for some time, cooking and eating a few strips of bacon as he leaned against the kitchen counter-top, lost in thought. He drummed his fingers against his thighs in a vague beat resembling some pop-sounding show tune he had heard long ago as he stared into space.
John had had this conversation many times before. Or rather, he's heard other people have it on his behalf. He's listened to it as a child, half-hidden behind closed doors and as a teenager, explained to him carefully and professionally by care home workers across the borders. He had it memorized, the sound of someone clinically cutting themselves off from him. The tone a heart made when it
“I can imagine.” Molly mused, her smile fading slightly into hesitation. Now that she was here, she was reluctant to ruin the warm atmosphere. Perhaps sensing the change in mood, Xavi’s expression turned a shade more serious. His dark eyes became concerned.
It was clear that Sherlock was becoming more comfortable speaking his mind. At least, within the silent confines of John's thoughts. Aloud Sherlock still demanded nothing, and as he regained his strength his eating and sleeping habits dwindled considerably. It concerned John somewhat, especially since the one time John caught Sherlock sleeping of his own volition (or exhaustion) he witnessed the Dragon was prone to nightmares. The creature's wings had flashed mottled shades of grey and sickly green, small whimpers coming from his lips as he writhed in his bed and thrashed in the sheets. John didn't dare wake him lest he was mistaken for an enemy, but distinctly heard broken pleading in Dragon-Tongue, and often Sherlock's body contorted as if he were being struck. Misty fog streamed from Sherlock's parted lips and flared nostrils, cooling the room to a freezer, yet John hadn't been able to tear himself away, even for a moment to fetch a warmer jumper.
Things got better for a while, and after a time of adjustment, John seemed to improve. He laughed a little more, ate some of what Sherlock ordered (because even if the detective was determined to be helpful, he couldn’t cook to save his life) and made an effort to go outside for long walks. It was as if John was attempting to make an effort especially since the nightmares, doing his best to appear normal if not coping.
Out of all the things that could have taken Sherlock into a case high, it wouldn’t have been the first on John’s list. It would have been even further down the list normally, as it had come from Mycroft.
Sherlock called out to John, his voice whip-like and sharp. He was a captain calling his men to attention, and it was instinct for the soldier to obey.
him. Everything he did always ended in failure. He hadn’t been able to protect Irene, hadn’t been able to even gain her trust, in the end. To the humans, he was repulsive. To Gods, he was
The first time he'd met the young man, he had been kneeling over a cardboard box in their shared dorm, holding a stack of folded clothes and peering curiously over the bridge of his glasses about the room as if he were searching for a drawer in which he could put them in. Immediately, Sherlock saw things that told him a story. Jerky sketches of charcoal across his thoughts, drawing out a rough draft of the stranger before him.
Greg watched as Sherlock Holmes stared at his own hands, still coming down from his high, emotional, mercurial, neither here nor there. The D.I didn’t ask anything more, and Sherlock did not deign him worthy enough of further information.
even though all Sherlock felt he was doing was observing. Of course; he handled it much more smoothly than the average person would, keeping his gaze level and his posture unrepentant. He let himself stay relaxed and cool and callous, Inside however he squirmed. Because even if he could normally retain an air of aloof reproach when scrutinised by most people, he was entirely unused to having the pair of dark blue eyes that he knew so well staring at him with such sharp-eyed clarity.
It had been two weeks in that Victor had asked nonchalantly why Sherlock liked to be called a guy, and when the detective had bristled, his roomate had hastened to add “It's not that I don't think you're a boy... it's just sometimes you dress.... well, differently. So I'm wondering... are you a boy? Or a girl?”
The sounds of the festival were a raucous cacophony of voices and music, of footsteps and shrieking children. Like a drumbeat that was near impossible to follow unless you had bee doing it for most of your life. As it was, the Watson siblings moved in the crowds effortlessly, weaving to and fro in order to make their way to the centre of the village. Recheinbach was awash with noise, music thundering from minstrels playing in tandem together, tossing the lines of
voice took on a low growl, like the kick-start of a truck roaring to life. Sherlock's eyes were blazing azure blue.
The medical tent was a large, tan thing, sitting in the centre of the compound with the kind of finality that came from being a place of importance. Soldiers and medics circulated to and fro from it, and although John hadn't as of yet had to go to where his future job would be, he felt an instant connection with the humming atmosphere of the place that sang in his blood. It was like an unspoken song that was being chanted just under everyone's breath, and soon John realised why.
Mike shot, hitting only empty air where the Demon had once stood. He had barely time to recover before an invisible force shoved him down, Sherlock taking off towards the air.  Adjusting his spectacles, Mike muttered a low oath before his mind turned to his captain and friend, and he dove for John’s unconscious and naked form.
If the man knew he was gradually increasing his pace, he didn't show it, John displayed the same cool confidence firing slowly as he did when firing once every second. His blue eyes were sharp and focused, and he didn't flinch when the gun kicked back slightly in his hands, instead moving with it, using it to prepare his next shot. Each shot rang in Sherlock's ears, and the Dragon thought perhaps he should be wearing silencers on his head, yet each powerful
In many ways, Mycroft’s greatest regret was that he mistook his similarities to his mother for kinship, as a reason to idolize her.
The young man drew a slow breath through his lips, eyes peering into the dim darkness. Nothing moved. Nothing stirred. Nothing breathed. The warmth he had remembered from childhood was gone from the place. Empty. Replaced with a crawling shadow that seemed to hang over the place like a cloud.
“Mrs Hudson, what a surprise! Take a seat, please. I was just enjoying the sunset… It’s so beautiful out here.”
John woke to agony searing red across his vision, nausea feeling as though it was ripping him in two even as he gasped, hacking up mouthfuls of water onto the strong arms holding him in place. He realised his chest was being pounded on, warm lips pressing to his own, forcing air down his lungs between bouts of vomiting. A continuous cycle that made his bones feel like they were creaking in protest, his lungs wailing in remorse. It continued, too, despite his weak and garbled protests. The strange hands pounding away at him seemed determined to wring him out like a dishcloth, and it was only when John violently flipped himself onto his stomach, puking up the last few mouthfuls of ocean in his system, that the insistent lips and fingers stopped their cycle of attempted healing. There he braced himself on his knees and elbows, sand biting into his skin like tiny ants as he panted, dry-heaving for a few more seconds as the darkness cleared from his vision and slowly sound percolated itself back into his ears.
And sometimes, he blinked and he had found himself face-to-face with a very angry Foster Parent, screaming at him for actions he didn't recall.
He came to the same place every night around this time of the year. Sherlock couldn't really help it, although he tried his best to stay away. To not linger on his own failures. Still, for two weeks he indulged himself, allowing his fins to carry him to the shoreline, to touch the familiar sand with pale toes and seat himself cautiously bare upon the sparkling land. There he would allow himself to suffer in silence, to mourn a Mate that he had never even had the chance to know. It was an irrational sadness, but an uncontrollable one. The Selkie sang to himself softly his own grief, his lullaby haunting across the waves as it spiralled out in the dark.
Victor leaned against the frame of his bedroom door, dark curls pulled back into a loose ponytail for work, a pencil tucked above the shell of his left ear. It had been nearly a month since Sherlock had found the young man moving in, and truthfully the teenager couldn't quite recall how his dormate had discovered his secret. It had been more of a gradual thing, falling apart as reluctantly Sherlock grew to admit that Victor was actually quite bright compared to the general population, yet not academically. No, the young man was an artist.
“Is that what you are? Dead?” John asked, because asking why she thought he was falling in love with Sherlock was asking more than he wanted to know. She stared at him, or perhaps through him, her eyes lost in a memory.
But the elation slowly dissolved into frustration. How could he ask it questions if he didn't understand it? He could observe behaviour, but as of yet the most the stupid creature had done was cower and hit him.
She was dressed in a silken robe and sash, colours all silvers and cold, cold blues so dark they nearly appeared black. Her hair was snow-white, and it tumbled down her back in a singular braid that seemed to struggle to be contained. Her eyes, when she turned to look kindly upon John were a grey so soft they appeared to be nearly white. He found his feet slowing to a stop before her, the sheer height of the woman forcing John to crane his neck, to look up at the regal and fierce expression upon her face that was at once familiar and yet strange. She spoke, but it was not with her mouth. Rather, it was as if John’s thoughts were at one with hers, and she was speaking directly into the depths of his own mind.
But Sherlock suddenly rose, sinuous and graceful as a snake as he shoved John out of his personal space, eyes blazing as cold fury crackled. He bared his teeth in a snarl, shout ringing throughout the flat as he roared
The detective's eyes narrowed slightly. Never in his life before had he heard of a military-based Foster Care system. Yet it was
Instead, Sherlock made do by filling the small area with things that he could claim as his own. He liked to have his clothes scattered about the floor, his own scent permeating the room with them, mingled with a few of John's jumpers when he was in a good mood. When he wasn't those jumpers were often tossed down the hall angrily. Sherlock began writing pages upon pages in his own language, formulas and Spells tacked to the walls for later analysis. Strangely enough, John noticed the Dragon was spartan-like in the organisation of his sock-index.
He didn't know why, but perhaps that was the nature of the nightmare. Trapping its owner in the fells of their own subconscious mind, feeding on their fears and darkest torments. And wasn't that what fire was to a creature who was made of ice? The ultimate mind-numbing terror.  It was enough to make a grown Dragon become crippled in fear.
It was a woman’s bedroom. This was the first thing John noticed, taking in the sheet-covered vanity in one corner and the soft, floral curtains that trembled under the storm. The room smelled musty, but not entirely unpleasant. There was an undertone of perfume that hadn’t seemed to leave despite the room’s obvious neglect.
Conrad suddenly snarled, and both of them winced and stopped their petty bickering. Claude snapped back to the matter at hand just in time to see a flurry of movement in front of her. Automatically she reacted, her heartbeat flying into her mouth in fear.
“You will not be leaving the flat. Not until I speak to John and the earlier transgressions that were made are resolved. I won't be having you disappear off the grid again.”
Moriarty didn’t seem to notice that the soldier in his grip had managed to wake up, and that his expression was quickly turning murderous, melting through the disorientation. Instead the Demon carried on, humming to himself and toying with Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at the woman carefully before him, half sure she'd mock him for his weakness. However she didn't seem to mind, sitting on the couch backwards to face him and watch his reaction carefully. The Dragon wanted
John Watson, or rather his physical body (likely not his actual personality) glared up at the government official with tired, purple-smudged blue eyes, glancing from underneath a fringe of messy blonde hair. Though the image was grainy and messy, it was evident that the boy's pallor was waxen, and he held himself as if he were half-feral, eyes alight with savage instinct before the lens of the past. In the image it was stated he was about fifteen, although Mycroft would have estimated closer to thirteen if he hadn't known better.
as John was. The only telltale sign of his marriage to Mycroft and his living with Spirits was his hair- so silver that it looked as if it’d been dipped in molten metal. He relaxed around Sherlock with the easy air of someone used to the Spirit’s thundering presence, and John realised that Sherlock had a similar attitude. They knew one another, and were even friends.
Something about that expression made John halt in his tracks, despite his own internal fear. Despite the desperation clawing its way into his chest as he saw just how much blood his best friend was losing. Sherlock's voice was rough,
He knew he was beat. Slumping in resignation, John blew an explosive breath out from his clenched teeth and cradled the phone, voice laced with the flat certainty that none of this was going to end well.
His hiss of accusation made Wilkes' gaze turn to steel. His voice was immovable. His voice was solid and filled with open irritation.
“I’m glad we’re on the same page. Come, we still have five miles to make before sunrise. If your partner can’t walk, carry them. If you can’t carry them, then they’re better off left for the animals.”
“I’ll look after him.” John found himself saying, although he wasn’t sure there was much he could do if not even Mycroft could hope to stop events if they came to pass. It was evidently what the elder Holmes wanted to hear. He didn’t slump in relief, he nearly slouched.
There was only really one way to find out who it was, and if it was something dangerous he stood a better chance of talking himself out of the situation than Sherlock did.
If he couldn't do anything about his suffering, the least he could do was pretend it didn't exist. It was how he functioned in his everyday life, and how he would likely continue to function as time went on.
willing to give just about anything a shot. It's lovely, great fun. Nothing more fun than happy, consensual one-night stands.”
Claude cocked her head to the side, blue eyes narrowed in interest and hesitation. Her hands twitched, ached to hold the game in her hands. She'd never owned anything of her own before. Never had something she could claim was solely
"You've been busy! Here I am becoming a simple GP and you've been out getting shot at. What happened to bring you back?"
It was merely that he knew there was a price for everything, and this, this was his price. For his body. His freedom.
The detective looked at him as if he were a complete and utter treasure, a choked noise coming from his mouth.
“T-the Master's chambers, when he feels like sleeping. East wing of the Palace. A-as for where you are in a wider sense...” She trailed off, biting her lip as if the information might wound John physically. Finally, she spoke.
And as they moved to Sherlock's bedroom, his voice comforted the sister that was already shaking inside them, second-guessing causing her to hide away in the darkness.
The thought of the upcoming ball made John’s chest tighten predictably. He hadn’t thought about it once today, but it now came crashing around his ears, leaving him struggling for air. He stood, groping blindly in the dark for the handle to the balcony. It opened with a small
“O….kay?” John responded, struggling rather to find his voice. Iolite as it were, sighed as if rather pained.
It was then Sherlock realised that John had finally wormed his way from the grip of Sherlock's tail, the sturdy soldier having manoeuvred so that John stood directly between Sherlock and the path of the gun. His arms outspread, the man's eyes were a steely blue, even as Sherlock let loose and unconscious whine of panic as he took in the sight of his Master in danger. Though Dodge's
up the lines of his forehead, but after a long-suffering sigh forced his limbs to relax and his thoughts to clear. It was difficult, to dismiss the
He muttered in a sort of reverent tone, and John's inner thoughts matched it as he looked at the pod before him. He had never seen a wild animal up close before, at least not one that wasn't strictly place bound. Sure, he had caught glimpses of red-tailed foxes at sunset and peeked at a few squirrels and rabbits, but never had he seen something that looked quite so…
Then Sneak tilted his head back and laughed, and with his right hand he pulled out a comb from his pocket, swiping it through his hair in a carefully practiced motion.
Distracted as he was, John did not hear the quiet footsteps that padded towards him. In the early morning, Sherlock’s voice was a rumble of thunder. John felt frozen in place, rooted to the spot by it. It threw him off, the sudden and unexpected twist of not nerves, but gratitude that threatened to well up from his chest and make his eyes burn.
was an easy task. Mycroft’s lips thinned into a line of annoyance, fed up with his sibling’s tenacity. He shrugged, masking his frustration with a deceptively bland tone. He made as if to turn away, leaving a last parting shot over his shoulder that left Sherlock’s hands tightening by his sides.
It ended with them somehow kissing, and though John’s memories, his trauma still lingered, he found that this he could do. This gentle, playful, intimate kind of touch that was so far removed from anything he had come to associate sex or relationships with. It was new, and though it didn’t evolve past kissing, it was wonderful.
John had reminded Sherlock of himself, and in the process, made the Dragon thoroughly disgusted by his own cowardice.
It occurred to him briefly that he had been so drugged that he couldn't even recall his whether or not he had gotten to say goodbye to his family.
It was a moment before he could collect himself enough to clear his throat, alerting his flatmate to his presence. Sherlock’s head turned immediately mid-pirouet upon the noise, the surprise of John’s presence enough for him to shudder back into his more human-looking form. If it weren’t for the fact that the detective normally didn’t do guilty, John would have guessed by the man’s expression that he honestly hadn’t expected the ex-army doctor to appear. There was a kind of caught-out expression on Sherlock’s face, well-hidden by a mask of indifference but lingering in the tension along the man’s spine. John, finding all words rather inadequate but knowing that to be silent would only make the situation worse, spoke. His voice came far more hoarsely than he intended.
That feeling however melted away by the opening of a door below, and a familiar voice calling up to the detective. Lestrade. Sherlock looked at his own naked form, head jerking up towards the mirror where the remnants of lipstick and eyeshadow still marred his face. There was also the very real issue of him having been in John's
