After Cas started to push in and out of Dean they both neared the peak fast. Cas couldn’t stop touching Dean all over but Dean just moved along with Cas’ movements with his hands on Cas’ hair and back.
When everyone had seemingly gone back to minding their own businesses and stopped staring at them, Dean turned towards Cas.
The thought of sneaky Dean borrowing a book just so he could demand to return it before he left, made Cas feel warm all over. The day Dean left had been a bad one but as Anne Elliot said, when the pain was over it was now a sweet memory they could share.
He was also worried that maybe Dean’s family wouldn’t like him. He was an outsider in Dean’s circles and just because everyone had been welcoming to him so far didn’t mean that they would all be. The people who Dean had grown up with and who knew him best were completely different than Charlie or the others. Cas didn’t even know why he worried about it so much. It was partly because Cas being like family to Dean also made them Cas’ family, and he was scared that he would be kicked out of that family for being too odd like he had been kicked out of his own.
Castiel laughed softly and smiled thinking about Dean geeking around and being silly and weird and wondered how anyone ever thought his smooth moves were anything other than a carefully outlined exercise in LARPing.
Naked and aroused Dean was a sight to behold. Cas had never thought about people’s appearance as much as their character, but Dean’s body combined with his face was truly a masterpiece.
“You can’t actually mean you have never seen the Lord of the Rings trilogy ever? How is that even possible?” Charlie said, clearly troubled by Castiel being so uncultured.
”Dean is not the most open person about his sexuality,” Charlie said. “He’s not straight, you know?”
His nipples seemed to be sensitive to the touch which Cas found out when they were kissing, and Cas happened to brush said nipples with his fingertips. Dean gasped and pushed his fingernails to Cas’ scalp. That reaction made Cas grin, and he took his time licking and biting Dean’s nipples while he pushed Dean’s jeans and underwear to his knees. He settled between Dean’s legs and pulled the jeans off along with the underwear.
Cas pressed his lips gently against Dean’s mouth. It was just a kiss. And then another. When it ended Dean’s hand was on Cas’ neck and his forehead against Cas’ forehead.
“Hey,” Dean said as he appeared next to Cas. “Thanks that we could come here for the night. And sorry for all the people. I didn’t expect this many to come. I guess people at my work brought spouses and friends and such so I don’t really even know all of them. I can help you get them out after midnight if you want to.”
The fireworks were still banging, and Cas heard a low whistle somewhere. Now he could hear the sound of clothes and feet around him, but all the people had fallen strangely quiet. When it began to bother him more than the idea of not kissing Dean for a second, Cas pulled slightly apart from Dean and looked around him.
“Just something to possibly bring luck for the New Year. You know I always liked the feeling of the New Year’s. It always feels like a new beginning, like things are possible.”
After LARPing Castiel felt more secure about his friendship with Dean and truthfully a bit more relaxed. Dean also apparently felt the same, because he sometimes just appeared at Castiel’s door at nights they hadn’t planned on anything. Sometimes they watched a movie, but mostly they just talked about everything and nothing. Although they did also touch on difficult topics.
In the bedroom things heated quickly. Their shoes were kicked off, and Dean’s shirt was thrown across the room, because Cas wanted to get to Dean’s neck and chest. Dean’s hands under his own shirt made him go back to Dean’s mouth while he opened the button and fly of Dean’s jeans.
“I don’t know. Dean is… different. I’m happy to just be his friend, and I doubt he thinks about me in a romantic light. It’s been such a long time, since we were a thing.”
Cas looked at Dean who looked content and with a sudden surge of courage Cas took Dean’s gloved hand in his and pressed closer to Dean. Dean drew a sharp breath of air and glanced at Cas looking uncertain. Then Dean took the glass out of Cas’ hand and put it on the windowsill with his own, before he turned back to look at Cas again. He wasn’t pulling his hand out of Cas’ grasp.
“Mmhmm, the trick was to get them not to throw me out for my queer lifestyle, but let them help me pack my things and move to a liberal university town, where I spent the next four years trying out all kinds of things that had been forbidden from me. Including dating other guys and coming out of the closet for my friends.”
“Don’t stop! But no one has ever… you know. I mean they have and I have with fingers and toys and things, but…”
There were a couple of new workers Castiel was meeting this afternoon, so he tried to call the company reception to let them know about who they should be letting in, but no one was answering the call.
Then Cas leaned over Dean and pushed them both to lie on the bed. Dean seemed to like when Cas pushed him around, and Cas always seemed to find his dominant side in bed. He liked touching his partners and bringing them pleasure and using his hands and mouth to bring them close to their tipping point. The teasing could go on for hours if he wanted it to, but this was their first time in a way, and Cas was sure neither of them was patient enough for a long foreplay and teasing.
Dean Winchester was the most wonderful person Castiel had ever met. For a moment Castiel felt overwhelmed with his feelings for the man, who had so much love to give to everyone around him and who would do anything to care for and to protect the people around him.
“Yes? Have you suddenly joined an army you need to cook for?” Castiel asked, wondering what Dean was getting at.
Castiel did love playing pool though. Promising him that there was a pool table at the place others were going was one of the only reliable ways to lure Castiel with them in a bar.
It was actually a lot more surprising that he found himself relaxed and having a good time halfway through the dinner. Being surrounded by Dean’s family felt right in a way that nothing had for a long time, and Cas felt that it would be very easy for him to feel part of this family.
“No. I imagine I’ll spend Christmas with Gabriel eating take out or something and Thanksgiving probably home on my own. Maybe I’ll buy some roasted turkey for my dinner.”
Castiel found himself spending more and more time with Dean and surprisingly he was also getting to know Charlie more as the days and weeks passed. They had lunch together at least twice a week or whenever Dean or Charlie happened to be close to Castiel’s workplace around lunchtime. After work he liked to visit them for movie nights or playing board or card games. Sometimes it was just the three of them and sometimes they were joined by some other friends of Dean or Charlie’s. Mostly the other two just liked to watch Castiel trying to take in new things and learning the rules of the games. Castiel enjoyed them too, although he always felt a bit silly when he told that he had never seen some apparent classic of a movie or played a game that clearly everyone should know. The matching evil grins on Dean’s and Charlie’s faces usually made Castiel regret he had even admitted it, even though they never made fun of him because of it. They just casually added those things on the list of stuff he should be educated in.
Without really looking for him, Cas’ eyes seemed to find Dean who was talking with Jo. Dean turned his head to look straight at Cas and grinned, before returning to his conversation. When Cas looked at Bobby again, Bobby had a speculative expression on his face.
“You never know when you have to. At least I know where I can find an oven big enough to roast a whole turkey.”
“Kindly fuck off, Gabe. None of your dang business,” Dean told him as if the one fingered salute hadn’t been enough. Gabriel put his hands up in defeat.
“I trust Cas. I don’t know him as well as you do but I definitely think you’re going to get your ass handed to you, Winchester.”
“That’s great! I got to go, but it was really fun to see you again. I’ll call you again to let you know time and place. Night, Cas.”
“You never told me, how you got the Impala. I thought you didn’t talk to your dad after you stayed with Bobby?” Cas asked Dean one night when they sat on the porch.
“I’m going to kick your ass. This is all angles and math. As an engineer, I can assure you I will definitely kick your ass in the game.”
“Listen boy, I know you’re not a miracle worker. No one can save a person who doesn’t want to be saved. But by God, something you did made a difference and made Dean choose his own path. I’m glad for that.”
“I talked with Bobby on Christmas. He talked about how you fixed the Impala and thought about finding me,” Cas confessed.
Dean Winchester was an amazingly human person. He had a wide variety of issues from the abuse and neglect he had undoubtedly suffered in his childhood, going from fear of abandonment all the way to doubts of self-worth, but he was also loving and smart and caring and funny.
“We didn’t call it dating, but essentially yes. It was a long time ago though. I’m happy to just be Dean’s friend.”
“Hmmm, I think I take the challenge, Dean. I don’t think my eye-hand coordination is lacking either. We should definitely try a match.”
Castiel rang the doorbell of Dean and Charlie’s apartment. He’d had a long day, and he just wanted to see some friendly faces. Usually he called beforehand, but this time his car had almost drove itself over here and before Cas knew he was in front of the door.
Back in his office, Castiel took out the business card again. He thought about waiting until evening and actually calling Dean as he had asked, but Dean was in the same building as him
“I don’t think so, Gabe. I’m sure Dean has been over me for a long time. I cannot expect the feelings to last for a decade and stay the same.”
“Yeah. With all these confessions I think I have to tell you that I borrowed that book from you just so I could say goodbye. I promised I would. I did actually read it though.”
“In a couple of months John came to collect the kids. I had seen it happen many times before. Sam always wanted to stay, but left with them kicking and crying, even when sometimes Dean had to carry him into the car. That time though… Well. Sam was in the middle of reading for a test, and Dean was finishing an essay, when we heard the sound of the car’s horn. Sam froze, but Dean seemed calm. I have never before or since seen him that calm and that cold. Instead of telling Sam to pack their bags, he told Sam to just keep on reading and that he would handle it.”
Castiel Novak poured coffee in the cup and stepped on the porch leading to his backyard. In September the sun was still warm on his skin, but he could feel fall approaching. Somehow Castiel had always loved the atmosphere when seasons were changing. To him it didn’t feel like things were ending, but like something new was beginning.
“Oh well, when I was 17, me and Sam ended up living with my uncle Bobby. He’s not really my uncle, but he had let us stay there before. I shouted at dad until he let us stay.”
“That was his own doing. His own work and talent that got him in a college. In the end Dean saved himself.”
“Don’t whine. It will be fine. Dean promised to help you clean up tomorrow. If you’d like his help, that is,” Charlie told him while she was arranging the balloons to stay in the right order.
“Well yeah. He was my best friend. For a while at least. You remember the story I told about my first kiss?”
“Some of dad’s ‘friends’, or business partners, whatever, I don’t even want to know, got a message for us two days after the accident, one day after dad died. Dad didn’t leave a message for us or anything, before he died, but his friends let us know that they had taken care of dad’s things and his hospital bills and whatnots. I asked about the car through Bobby, and the next day dad’s friends had left the Impala on Bobby’s yard. It was basically just a pile of scrap metal, but after my first year of college I spent the summer with Bobby building it up again. I even got some extra credit for college when I reported on the project to my professor and showed her some pictures of the process.”
Cas pushed Dean into the kitchen with Ellen and went back to chopping vegetables on the dining table where he had prepared most of the stuff Dean needed to cook with.
“You actually do the finger quote thing! That is adorable. I thought Dean was just messing with me when he told me.”
When fall turned to winter, Castiel was busy with work. Still he found it delightful to see his breath turn to mist one morning when he was leaving for work. It was a crispy morning with a hint of winter in the air, and Cas thought about how much his life had changed in a few short months.
Compared to the relaxing atmosphere of Thanksgiving, Christmas was a complete chaos. Cas had promised people could sleep there, but in addition people were also going to have a dinner there and spend the evening and open gifts at his place. As someone who was not used to hosting big dinner parties or comfortable in large groups of strangers, it was definitely a new experience for Cas to invite such a large group of people he had never met into his home.
Some cases at work just got to him. He wasn’t supposed to talk about them outside of his own team, and he didn’t even like to think about the cases where someone was fired or was accused of sexual harassment or any of the other things Castiel had to deal with in his work. Mostly he enjoyed what he did, but days like this just got to him sometimes.
“I think your garden looks nice. I’d like to live in a big house with garden and all, but that’s a big ask for a single man if I want to live relatively close to the city.”
“I don’t mean saving him in a way where you save his life. I mean saving him from himself. Although that might’ve saved his life in the end too. He might’ve ended up like his dear old daddy.”
When Sam arrived, Cas expected him to hardly even remember him, but instead the tall young man Cas definitely wouldn’t have recognized, smiled widely at him and gave Cas a bone-crushing hug.
Castiel wasn’t sorry he had no phone numbers he could brag about, because he couldn’t imagine a night in better company than this one.
“Yeah, if you ever want to try a match at a computer pool, I’m sure I will beat you both. Meanwhile I’m going to get a drink and let you boys play with your sticks and balls,” Charlie said. “I also saw the pretty lady over there giving me some eyes, so wish me luck.”
“I’ve already done some while you were making rounds. The wine glasses are in the kitchen unless I missed some, I took all the plates people forgot to bring into the kitchen as well, and I think the guest took some of my balloons with them. Oh well. There’s mostly vacuuming and doing the dishes left for tomorrow.”
In reality Castiel’s days didn’t change that much through the months. This morning he had woken up, had a run in the early hours when it was still cool outside, had a shower and a breakfast, and now he was just finishing up his coffee before leaving for work. After work he would get  some groceries, come home, have  dinner, and usually read a book before going to bed. He didn’t have anything to complain about; he had a steady job, a small home with a small garden in the back, some friends from college living in the same city as him, and a big brother that liked to “surprise” him from time to time, trying to “get him out of his shell”, as he called it. Although Castiel’s oldest friend Meg did live on the other side of the country, and they barely got to see each other, maybe once or twice every year these days, she was a steady part of Castiel’s life too.
“Not at all. You should know I have my methods of collecting information and interrogating is not one of them.”
“On this lovely night, I’m thankful for friends, both old and new,” Charlie said as she raised her glass in the air.
Castiel’s phone rang late one night just as Castiel was about to go to bed and seeing that it was Dean, Castiel still answered the call.
Funnily enough they never talked much about their shared past. Castiel thought Dean had probably left it behind him a long time ago, and it would be stupid of him to bring it up.
, is the way you look at him. You don’t just want to get dirty with him; you actually want to hold his hand and take long walks on a beach and be sickeningly sweet with him.”
Dean joined their card game and also to their amusement joined in with his own quotes from The Princess Bride.
At the end of the night Charlie was the only one of them who had apparently been talking to people outside their group other than the bartender. She appeared back to them and announced that she got a phone number from the girl she had met.
“After four years I had a good grasp of what I want, what having the  freedom to lead my own life feels like, and a shiny new degree paid for by my parents, who probably had some plans for my future. I had done what they asked of me though. I studied business as my major like they wanted, but they never asked about my minor subjects so for them I picked what I liked. I also had a beat-up car, all my belongings packed in it, and no intention of staying with my parents ever again. I drove back to their place one last time and told them I liked men more than women and told them they could go to hell for all I cared. After that I drove all the way here, and Gabe let me sleep at his place until I secured a job and my own housing. I haven’t talked to them after that and neither has Gabriel.”
“Of course you haven’t! Because when you two are in the same room you barely notice anyone else. So how could you know that when you’re not there he keeps casually bringing you up in conversations? The way he talks about you is unlike any other. I mean I’ve seen the way he makes friends because he’s a friendly guy and has a lot of love to give around. I’ve also seen him flirting with girls and guys he wants to take home for a night, but that’s also different. When a guy looks like he does he doesn’t really have to put much effort into it, and I guess he never learned to flirt with people other than with ‘how’s your night going?’ and ‘what do they call you?’ and a wink. People give him much more credit for smoothness than he actually deserves.”
They did enjoy the party and even talked with some other people. Cas went to talk with the people he thought might be his neighbors, and Dean found some of his friends he hadn’t seen for a while. All the time, however, Cas was aware of Dean’s presence and where Dean was at any given moment. He wanted the party to be over already, because he just wanted to spend some time alone with Dean, even when it also meant he should put his feelings into actual words.
“Most is already done, prince Charming. You can deal with the dishes tomorrow. I assume I don’t have to wait up for you to come home for the night?” Charlie said to Dean. “I fully intend to lock the door and not let you in anyway, so you need to find some other place to sleep.”
The only time he had actually felt silly and got out of his character’s head was right after he had “done some magic” in the game. He couldn’t tell afterwards what he had said, but he had done his best to be authoritative and look like a menacing character who could destroy whoever was opposed to him. After his little display of power, he happened to look at Dean who was staring at him like he had never seen Castiel before. It made Castiel for a moment wonder if he had overdone it and if Dean was looking at him in horror for messing it up, but all the other end of game events began to happen so quickly that Castiel just decided to think about it after the game ended.
“Yeah right. And both trying not to think about each other without any clothes on. Having sleepovers at each other’s place. Dancing naked tango together. If the sexual tension between you is similar to what it was ten years ago, there’s no way you haven’t already been on a date.”
Cas laughed. It was true that he hadn’t been deeply in love with Dean for all these years, but it was also clear to him now that he had never felt this way about anyone else. In the end it had been very easy to fall in love with Dean both times. There was no question in his mind that he would have fallen for Dean at any point between their teenage years and now.
“Yeah, you do. As Bobby always says, family doesn’t end with blood. We’re going to have a Thanksgiving dinner with Charlie, but now you’re coming too.”
After searching for a moment, Cas found Dean’s prostate and Dean gasped out loud. He licked down on Dean’s cock while gently brushing around the prostate and the combination made Dean moan.
“Uh, yeah. Handmaiden then. But I’m also with the queen most of the time, so we would get to hang out together while playing around in silly medieval costumes. Charlie even promised to get you some robes to wear. Please say yes!”
“I’m thankful for family we choose to keep. Both blood relatives and the people we choose,” Dean said.
“And for Christmas we’re going to have a whole bunch of people coming. I’m actually not sure all of them fit in here, but I guess we manage somehow.”
“Fine, we’re not talking about your boner for the Ken doll. But we’re going to continue the discussion later.”
The conversation quickly moved to other things, and Castiel was happy about small mercies. He was sure Gabriel would keep his word and come back to the topic sooner than Castiel liked though.
There were whistles and shouts when the people saw them stop kissing. Cas could see Charlie smiling and whooping, and Gabriel was looking at them with a grin. He must have come around while Cas was occupied with more important things.
“You know. I always found kissing to celebrate the start of a New Year such a delightful cliché,” Charlie said casually before going to get more snacks.
“I’ve never seen him act like he does with you,” Charlie said. Cas had a feeling she wasn’t really talking to him at all, but pondering aloud. “It’s not flirting, per se, but very close to it. Although I’ve never seen Dean Winchester be subtle about flirting. Usually he just goes and says what he wants, and picks the willing men and women he happens to prefer.”
Castiel wasn’t sure he still fully understood either, but he also thought it might not be that relevant at the moment.
“I’d like that. Although I think some of these people are just my neighbors and not at all your responsibility. I think they are surprised that I have so many people over since that has not really happened while I have lived here.”
After the meal, Cas didn’t even have time to wonder where he would sit and who he’d like to talk to first.
While waiting in the line, Castiel was watching at the other people in the lobby. Most of them were just giving their names and taking their visitors’ passes, before taking off, and there were several of Castiel’s coworkers doing their thing, but one couple had stopped in front of the reception desk to chat up the woman behind the desk. The receptionist was giggling while giving them their visitors’ passes, and the tall man looked pleased with himself when he turned away from the desk and put the lanyard around his neck.
Later that night when Castiel was relaxing on his couch with a cup of tea and a book and not taking in a word on the page he was supposed to read, his phone ringed.
“Good. Make sure you do. Dean will drive me insane, unless something happens soon. And by something I mean action.”
“I thought I once heard you say you don’t use interrogation for collecting information. What is this then?”
During the lunch Castiel laughed harder than he remembered laughing in months or years. When they finished the meal, he was oddly reluctant to return to his work, even though he still had to prepare for his 2 PM meeting.
“If you don’t mind,” Castiel said. They agreed on the rules, Cas set the balls on the table, and began.
Dean and Charlie looked each other again and seemed to have a complete conversation with their eyes, although Castiel didn’t know what they tried to tell each other. After a moment Dean turned back to him.
“Yes! I swear you got yourself some new admirers too, with the scene you were showing off with your magical powers! I mean if I was even slightly into guys I might call it hot.”
“Whoo, boy. I feel like I’m going to have to go over the same birds and bees conversation I gave you when you were twelve. When two people like each other very, very much…”
Sam was become disgusted as he watched his brother consume his meal, “You know, Dean. Maybe you should consider eating healthier.”
"It's hard for me to do that right now. I know I can always count on you and Sam but this is uncharted waters for us. I was fine with the original plan. But now that something new has been added to the mix, I can't screw up if I want Cas back. I feel the pressure weighing down on me." Dean took a bite of his sandwich while Bobby took a sip of beer.
Dean shrugged, "I don’t know." He knew at this point only one person could truly verify this information. He needed to talk to Cas.
Bobby leaned up against a tree waiting for Sam to come back, it was about fifteen minutes later when he saw Sam’s head pop up over the cliff. He rushed over to help him up, “So, did you get it?”
Sam propped his elbows on his knees and looked down at his hands as he clasped them together, "Well, Bobby's received more calls and we were wondering if you would be up to manning the hunter hotline while we are gone."
They were brought out of their thoughts by a clang in the kitchen. They forgot that Jody was there. Sam inquired, “So, how much of this are we going to tell Jody because you know she is going to have questions?”
"Yeah, maybe." Dean turned on his side away from his brother and Bobby, "I'm still a little tired. If you don't mind, I would like to be left alone. I'll call if I need you."
“Dean. . .” Sam said in an encouraging manner to get him to tell Bobby the whole story. Dean rolled his eyes at his brother.
Out the door Dean headed, he got all the way to the trunk of the Impala when he heard the screen door of the cabin open and shut. Garth was coming down the stairs of the porch, "Hey, Dean?"
"As good as you could imagine. Luckily, the hunter did as I asked. I then asked them how they caught the creature. They told me that it didn't put up too much of a fight and basically let itself get caught."
I would also like to note that when Dean and Bobby are talking it is a heart to heart and nothing is meant to be taken out of context. It is just how I would imagine the scenario happening in my mind. Bobby is not weirded out by Dean's possible situation and you will see that later on with support he provides to Dean. I just tried to imagine how two manly men would handle a awkward situation. I tried to make the scene comical.
Sam approached his brother and knelt beside him, “Dean, how do you not find your symptoms concerning? There is obviously something seriously wrong with you.”
As Sam exited the room, he heard Dean call after him, “Don’t bring any of that healthy crap back.” He smirked at his brother’s food preferences. He returned twenty five minutes later with several bags of groceries and some new clothes for Dean. As he was putting the groceries away, his brother entered the kitchen to rummage through the bags for a snack, “Seriously, man.” Dean held up a bag of mixed salad in one hand and a bag of apples in another.
“Oh, No." Dean stated in disbelief to Bobby's thoughts, "Don’t you go jumping on that bandwagon too.”
“This is stupid. I’m not pregnant. You know what I want to do? I want to forget about this and keep working on finding out information on the Drakkoons.”
Dean smirked at Sam as he swallowed his juice, “Taste better from the jug. So, laptop?” As he took another swig his shirt came up a little and Sam noticed his brother had a little weight around his middle. As Dean placed the jug back in the fridge and returned to his plate on the table he listened to Sam.
Dean turned away from them wiping a hand down his face not believing what he was about to tell Bobby. He turned back around, "Well, yeah, Bobby. It's obvious that Sam needed your help with this. That's why he called you. He knew I couldn't go with him."
Dean was hearing everything that was being said but he was still upset. None of this should be happening at all. He and Cas should be back at the Bunker coming up with a plan to defeat the Drakkoon demons then having a celebratory beer with Sam after they defeated them. His train of thought was interrupted when he heard her voice.
Then Bobby had a thought, “Maybe Cas is the one doing all this.” Little did Bobby know that Dean was thinking the same thing. Bobby started to theorizing the reasons behind all these oddities.“Maybe Cas is haunting us or something. Even though he was an angel his vessel was still human that had unfinished business. His vessel was not put to rest because it was obliterated.”
“That, just like everything else about them, we don’t know. Sam and I figure that maybe it was something similar to how the Leviathan came to be by a spell. But we aren’t sure.”
Still suspicious Bobby inquired, "How come I've never met this hunter? I know all of them in the business."
He chuckled to himself in disbelief, their theory was right. Fear quickly turned over when he remembered he was going to have to tell Dean when he wakes up.
They closed the door behind them and waited for him to wake up to question him. Sam and Dean told Bobby their about their recent adventure.
Dean nodded even though his brother couldn't see him through the phone and tried his best to keep his nerves under control, “Yep.”
With a mouth full of carrot Dean explained his reasoning behind the snack, "I needed a snack and this was the only that appealed to me so I grabbed it. Sue me." He took another bite.
But he was determined to figure out the location, it might be Dean and Cas's only hope. Sam couldn't really ask his brother to go with him so he made a call to Bobby; he didn’t pick up so Sam left a voicemail. He was so caught up in what he was doing that he started to realize maybe calling Bobby was a mistake. Dean and him had not really talked about what they would tell family and friends about his pregnancy. Sam knew questions would arise when Bobby would return his call and he asked him instead of Dean to help.
Dean fixed himself an egg white omelet with spinach, bell peppers, and mushrooms with a side of whole wheat toast. His stomach growled with hunger as he plated it and grabbed a glass of water. He entered his room, placed his water and plate on the nightstand while he went to his desk to grab his laptop. It had been a while since he used his laptop, he mainly confiscated Sam's when they were doing research. He had an email notice from Sam that was a week old. Right around the time he was told he was pregnant. The email contained various links on healthy eating, pregnancy health updates, and baby supplies. He laughed to himself at how much his brother was invested in this.
Dean stated angrily back towards Bobby, "What sort of bright ideas do you have? Cause I'm just being honest with you about what I think we should do."
Dean slept over ten hours, he woke still feeling exhausted and a little aroused. A new symptom he was experiencing lately, the libido of a teenage boy, ever inch of him was sensitive and craved touch. The shower he took this morning was almost unbearable and he hoped that no one heard him satisfying himself. Dean could only hope that his time in the shower would be enough to ease his arousal. Even wearing clothes was sending him into overdrive. He debated laying around his room naked all day or at least until his body calmed down. He took care of himself one more time before he donned his clothes and headed to the kitchen.
Bobby and Sam headed out to meet up with Mark. They showed up at the mill about an hour later, Bobby and Sam looked around from inside the vehicle. They were early to meet Mark by six minutes. Bobby and Sam took that time to shoot the breeze a little bit until Bobby noticed it was five minutes after three o' clock, “I thought you said he was meeting us here at 3 pm.”
She looked at Dean, "No. When I discovered that Drakkoon demons were roaming the earth, I knew that I had to protect Castiel's grace if you two were to reunite like I promised. Your pregnancy was never suppose to happen, at least not yet. I visited an old mystic friend of mine and explained to her what was happening. She granted me a favor."
"What could be more important than sharing this information?" He picked the book up and waved it around to make his point before placing back down on the table.
Sam and Dean reached in to pull him out and take him down to the basement. Once down there, they restrained him anyway imaginable to keep him put.
Dean felt like he was being accused of some sort of wrong doing, "Yeah. What's it to ya?" He took a bite of the carrot.
Sam smiled as he replied, "I've helped Mark before on a hunt a few years ago. I don't know him really well but enough to know that he wouldn't have asked for help unless he needed it."
He got up the next morning and first thing he did was go to Dean’s room to check in on him. Sam found his brother’s room empty, “Dean!”
Dean shifted himself in his chair to make his position more comfortable before replying, "Nothing can be worse then what's already happened."
Dean was overcome with emotion, tears falling freely from his eyes. It was so unfair that he and his angel had to be separate during a crucial time of their life. The comfort almost came too much to bare. He felt the heaviness behind him move away and he knew Cas had left until he felt a thumb wipe a tear from his cheek. Tears still falling from his eyes, he opened them. Imaging Cas crouched down in front of him. He reached up with his right hand to lay it upon the hand resting on his cheek.
Castiel watched as she placed all the ingredients into a metal bowl in front of her; they began to glow yellow. Next, she added a silvery liquid that caused the ingredients to glow brighter and bubble. She placed the book inside the bowl which caused the glow to turn a deep purple. Orandriel said an incantation and the bowl began humming a low frequency. She waved her hand and everything disappeared off the table.
“To unify heaven and hell together. Too much war has happened and everyone is always trying to control the other. In order for the world to not be thrown into devastating chaos. Heaven and Hell need to be united.”
Dean stood from the chair, “Do what you want, man. I’m sitting today out. I've had too much excitement in the last twenty four hours.”
"How else would you explain everything?" asked Bobby looking at Dean. He cleared his throat in an attempt to reassure Dean that he could get answers for him,“Tomorrow, we can reach out to some other hunters to see if maybe they have encountered anything. That way you can ease your mind until Cas makes contact.” He provided a reassuring smile.
They looked at him. Dean stood up from the table to grab Sam a beer, "Well, yeah. We figured it was close by, so there wouldn't be an issue."
"Now, who's moody?" joked Dean. He received a bitch face from his brother. Dean sat down next to Bobby, "Maybe we need to approach this from another direction."
“Okay. Fine. I get it.” She put her fork down and leaned back into her chair. She glanced over at Dean who had not said a word and was on his second slice of pie. “If I’m not getting any answers about the case then you’re going to tell me what’s going on with Dean?”
Sam was going to respond when they heard the sound of a door opening. A thunderous disembodied voice was heard from the now completely dark room, "Sorry about the accommodations but I couldn’t take a chance, as you know."
Sam crouched down to his brother's level, "We can't drive five hours with a demon in the back of the car."
Keeping his eyes glued to the thicket he responded, “No. Just a weird feeling like I’m being watched.” Dean shivered before he went on his way to the front door and Sam followed. Entering the house, they followed the farmer to his kitchen. They were relieved to see the farmer’s wife very much alive and cooking. They all sat down while they listened to the farmers story. He told them that he got up that morning and was doing his daily chores around the farm when he noticed strange patterns on his hay bales in the barn. As they all walked out to see the scene, Dean became quite dizzy and extremely nauseous. He reached out to hold on to Sam to keep up right. Sam stopped walking to assist his brother and quietly ask him what was going on, once again. Dean, of course, had no idea but he didn’t want anything to hinder the investigation so he tried to act as natural as possible. Arriving in the barn, Dean was now sweating and looked quite pale. The four of them looked on in horror at the hay bales to see scorch marks in the shape of angel wings. The buzzing really picked up in Dean’s ears and he quickly excused himself to run over to the thicket to vomit. Sam had rushed after his brother to check up on him. Once Dean was done, he stood upright to wipe his mouth and lean up against a tree for balance. He closed his eyes hoping the world would stop spinning. He heard footsteps drawing near and opened his eyes to see his brother running towards him. Dean again, vomited and slowly stood up straight again. He was caught off guard though because as he looked into the thicket, he saw a man looking back at him. Dean jumped into action. “Hey.” He yelled as he ran after the man. He didn’t get very far before he fell face first into the ground from being dizzy. Sam was quick to be by his side and helped him up.
She nodded her head, “Your questions will be answered in due time but not by me. In the meantime, I think the least I can do is put you up in better accommodations.” Once again, the multicolored walls disappeared and he now seemed to be standing in what looked like Bobby’s house. He ran around the place as fast as he could looking for anyone. It wasn’t until he noticed the living room had a singular multicolored wall like in the cosmic veil. That he knew he was in the same place and Orandriel just changed the scenery.
He watched as Sam armed himself as he grew closer to the mill. Bobby knew that Sam was being prepared in case anything happened but after Sam entered the mill and didn't immediately come out he knew something was up.
Dean looked up at his brother with tears in his eyes, it was all making sense now. Sam joined Dean in his research. After about an hour of research, Sam ears perked up when he heard Dean mumble something to himself.
Bobby continued filling in Jody during the brother’s absence, “Yes, like Castiel. Drakkoons, as far as we can tell, use angel blood to create sigils and some spells. However the sigils we saw today were not done using angel blood.”
Bobby took a sip of beer, "Her grave site is being distributed that is why there haven't been any issues until now."
Sam stood from his chair to go after him but his brother stopped him, "Lets give him some space, Sam."
Sam exited the room. He heard Dean praying to him, so Cas walked over to the right side of the bed and crouched down to be eye level with Dean. His heart broke as he watched a single tear fall from his hunter's eye. He wanted so badly to reach out and offer comfort to Dean but knew from past experiences that it was only possible in dreams. Regardless, he reached out and grazed Dean's right cheek. To his surprise, his hunter's eyes opened at the touch.
After getting back in the car and getting on the rode, Sam blew up at his brother for two very different reasons. He turned around to Dean in the backseat.
"I realize that but it doesn't mean I'm not tired." replied Dean. Sam was going to comment but his brother held up his hand to stop him when he realized what he just said, "Don't even say it."
Cas slid down Dean’s body back between his legs and let his fingers continue their work. He teased Dean’s hole until it felt a little loose and then he carefully pushed a finger inside.
Castiel liked the changing seasons, because it felt like a celebration, like a rite of passage, something to look forward to. For at least ten years now, he had always felt like something in his life was missing. Familiar things changing made him feel like new things were possible.
Cas was the first to wake up in the morning and for a moment he just stared at Dean sleeping in the golden ray of light that shone on his face through the curtains. He tried to stay still, but his movements must have stirred Dean out of his sleep, because he opened his eyes not long after Cas.
“Hey everyone! Soon we start the countdown,” a man shouted. He also looked familiar though Cas thought he was probably one of Dean’s friends.
“Are you telling me that you’ve been fucking around with your high school boyfriend again? I’m so proud of you, Cassie.”
Time had seemed to slow down. Through the ringing in his ears Cas could hear the bangs of the firework and somewhere a champagne cork popping and cheers all around him, but all he saw was Dean in front of him, looking more beautiful than ever. His cheeks were red, but that could be because of the cold or the drinks they’d had during the evening. He was staring at Cas with amazement and happiness and a little bit of fear. Instead of looking at any of the sources of sound or seeing what other people were doing he just pulled Dean into a kiss.
Castiel still liked the way Dean’s eyes brightened up and the smile that spread on his face whenever he mentioned something that brought the memories back. It was a nod to the times they had spent together before, and the memories just made the friendship they shared now more precious and valuable to Castiel.
“If I lived in a bigger house I would like to keep bees and a proper garden,” Castiel said. Even in the fall, there was much to do in his little garden. Castiel had spent the last weekend planting seeds and bulbs of spring flowers. After the winter he always liked the excitement of waiting for the first flowers of the spring to bloom.
While Dean was overwhelmed with feelings, Cas could sneak in another finger. He wrapped his lips around Dean’s cock and enjoyed the sounds Dean was making. Little gasps and whimpers and shouts made Cas hard in his pants even when he hadn’t even been touched yet.
“Dean? We’re going to be late,” someone said behind Dean. Castiel looked at the young, red-haired woman who was with Dean, and now had identical visitors’ badge around her neck.
Before Castiel could say anything else, he was pulled into a brief but tight hug. Dean didn’t let go of his shoulders but looked at him from head to toes. Castiel felt seen in a way that he hadn’t felt in a long time, and he was shivering under Dean’s gaze.
“Umm, alright? I think I can try it this one time,” Castiel answered even though he wasn’t at all sure he knew what he was getting into.
“Because it’s not exactly that hard to see how I feel about you. You are harder to read, but I think everyone we know already knows.”
“So you’re going to start the year with a bang after all, aren’t you, little bro?” Gabe quipped when he got close enough. Dean gave him the middle finger and wrapped his arm around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him close.
“Shh,” Cas put one finger against Dean’s lips. “We can talk later. Let’s just enjoy the party for now.”
“I like the sound of that. I also like the idea of making breakfast and after that coming back to bed for round two.”
“I’m thankful that I’ve found a place where I feel like I can belong,” Castiel said. The glasses clinked together, and Castiel was sure he could feel Dean’s eyes on him when he took a sip of his drink. When Castiel turned to look at him, Dean was offering salad to Charlie and not looking at Castiel at all.
The table was full of glasses with sparkling wine. The snack and drinks tables were set inside, although close to midnight everyone dressed in their coats and scarves and gloves to go outside and watch the fireworks. Cas never really got the whole deal about fireworks, their loud bangs scared the animals and sometimes they hurt the people trying to fire them up in the air, but since everyone seemed to enjoy them and Cas’ garden had the best view on a nearby field where they were going to put on a firework show, Cas didn’t object much. He had a glass of sparkling wine in his hand even though he mostly preferred scotch or beer or sometimes a nice G&T. Maybe the bubbles just brought more of a feeling of celebration.
“If you want more room, I live in a house. It’s not large either, but I have a couch and an extra room with an extra bed. Some of your guest are free to stay there. My kitchen and dining area are better for hosting a large amount of people too.”
“That’s perfect. Sam is definitely coming for Christmas although he will go at Jess’ parents’ house for Thanksgiving. Jess hadn’t decided yet, but Bobby is coming. And Ellen and Jo. Charlie will be there of course and maybe some other people too. That will be a proper family thing.”
Castiel swallowed audibly. Truthfully, he had never thought that Gabe could be talking about anyone else. Had Dean’s name really not been mentioned? Maybe not. Maybe it was time for Cas to have an actual conversation about this with Dean and not just talk about the guy with everyone else.
Cas took the lube in his hand and covered his hands with it. With his other hand he touched Dean’s cock, and he slid the other one over his perineum all the way to his hole. Dean gasped.
“I don’t want this to be awkward, but I had really good time today. Charlie said she’d like to meet you again too and told me to ask you to come visit us sometime. You might meet some of our other friends too.”
After several servings of the meal and the clean up, they sat on the couch stomachs full to watch some movies.
Gabriel had never stopped laughing at Castiel for working in human relations. However, even though Castiel was the first to admit that his “people skills” were “rusty”, he managed to be very good at solving the everyday problems HR people faced in their work. Castiel was fascinated with people and wanted them to feel their work was appreciated and relevant. Somehow he was also a very good judge of character and almost always succeeded at finding the right people for the company. At first the bigger bosses had objected to Castiel’s choices, criticized him for not looking at the numbers and costs enough, but since Castiel’s approach of putting the people first and actually rewarding them for a job well done had ended up making the company more money, Castiel had been left to do things his way.
Instead he had put his faith in humans. Humans in Castiel’s eyes were wonderful things. They could do the worst kind of evil, even torture and kill their own family, but at the same time humans had the ability to love and care for strangers and do incredible things just to save others. Humans were resilient, stubborn, intelligent, and brave, and surely the most wonderful, complex creatures anyone could have ever invented. Humans had the ability to build worlds and destroy them, go to the space, come up with ways to communicate to people on the other side of the world, and use their imaginations to create beautiful poetry, music, and art. If Castiel could have chosen to put his faith and trust and hope in any creatures in the universe, he would still always choose humans.
“I’ve not even said his name once in this conversation but you know as well as I do, who we have been talking about.”
Charlie was gone, before either of them could say anything. Cas suspected he’d been brought along just to keep Dean company while Charlie was chatting up people.
Dean’s lips felt cold against his skin but warmed quickly enough. Cas wasn’t sure if all the sound had stopped around him, because all his focus was just on the way Dean felt close to him. How Dean’s hand was keeping his head in place so Cas couldn’t pull out of the kiss. The taste of bubbles was more intoxicating than when he drank it from his glass, though it could have been just the closeness of Dean that was making him giddy.
Castiel sighed. He was sure he wasn’t being that obvious. On the other hand Dean couldn’t be that obvious because Cas still wasn’t sure Dean even liked him like that. He never flirted with Cas like he did with other people. He just talked with him, but that’s what friends did, right? Just because they often, lately even most of the time, sat together and spent most of the evenings just chatting together didn’t mean Dean wanted anything romantic or sexual to happen between them. It was just one of those things.
When Dean at last visited at Castiel’s house, Dean was jealous of Castiel’s bookshelves and got ridiculously excited about his kitchen and dining area.
Cas poured the amber liquid in their glasses and sat down on the couch. Dean sat beside him, too close to be just friendly, too close to be just accidental, and Cas felt braver. They were just breathing the same air, and Cas had never wanted to kiss someone so much in his life.
“So yeah, I live with Charlie for now. Makes it easier when our lives overlap so much anyway with work and hobbies and neither really having family nearby.”
“You? Busy with what? Too many books to read? It’s winter soon so you can’t be busy with your garden. Unless you have been working extra on top of your extra work, and in that case I hope they pay you well for overtime, you must be having actual living human contacts somewhere.”
“So, yeah. It helped to give me something to do instead of focusing on my anger towards dad or sadness.”
“You’d make a good house husband. You can both cook and fix broken things,” Charlie said with a mischievous expression. She winked at Castiel.
“Did you hear, Charlie? Cas is gonna come over for Thanksgiving. And we can borrow his house for Christmas!”
Dean reached for the wrapper on the table and gave it to Cas. Cas pulled his fingers out and together they removed the rest of Cas’ clothes before Cas got on top of Dean again.
“You were amazing, Cas!” Charlie said. “If I didn’t know it I would have thought you’ve been LARPing for years.”
Charlie was talking and explaining about the character and how they had modified it so that he could pretty much hang out with either Charlie or Dean for the whole game. Mostly he was needed in a couple of scenes so that the queen could show she held alliance with the magical folk. Charlie gave him a description and motives and such of the character, but as she explained, Castiel would be free to do whatever he liked with his character as long as he was present in those few scenes.
“Dean, we should let Cas go back to his job. Cas, from Dean’s description I knew you’d be brilliant, and I wouldn’t mind at all if you joined our friend group.”
“I love you, Dean. It’s not the wine or scotch talking. Not just the memory of you either, but you as the person you are now. And you don’t have to say it back. You don’t have to feel it back either. It’s enough for me that you know it to be true.”
“Ah, sorry. I have several new workers coming to meet me this afternoon. I have their paperwork and work ID’s, so could you please call me down to meet them at the lobby when they arrive around 2 PM? I have a list of them here.”
“I think I’m up to the challenge. I don’t have anything to hide or a shady past. And even if I did I have the feeling Charlie would just think it makes me more interesting.”
On the New Year’s Eve Dean came to help Cas with putting up decorations and bringing champagne glasses for everyone. Cas hadn’t actually invited anyone over, but Dean had let all of his friends know that they would be celebrating at Cas’ house. Charlie got a bit overboard with all her decorations and balloons welcoming the start of the New Year.
“Brilliant! This one always makes food for an army of people which doesn’t make sense if it’s just the two of us. If you help him in the kitchen you can also maybe stop him from making extra servings of everything.”
“You should know that the way people look is not what matters the most. But no. He looks the same. Older version of him in high school.”
“Well yeah. He was clearly missing you too, although I never put it all together until a couple of years later. John was dead and after building up the Impala, Dean just sat in the car staring into the distance. Finally I got him to open up about it. He told me he had a friend he had left behind in some small town, and he kept wondering if you’d be home for the summer from college like he was. He wanted to drive to your town just to see you.”
“No need. I think they can stay for a while more. Some are already leaving on their own. Charlie will help us with moving things back inside when most of them have left.”
Castiel could hardly even remember anything of the whole game. Somehow it had been easy to slip into the mind and thoughts of a fictional person, and the time had literally flown during the game. There had been a debriefing thing where they had talked through the events of the game and discussed all the feelings and thoughts they had as the characters, and during the discussion Castiel felt more out of place back in his own mind than he had felt in his character’s mind. Dean and Charlie had made sure he was somewhere close to one of them at all times, but at some points Castiel almost forgot that they weren’t their characters either.
“We need to go over the results of the meeting with Dean in the afternoon, but basically we can do it anywhere if needed,” Charlie said and pointed at her laptop bag. “So you two have time to catch up, and I have time to get to know you, Cas.”
“So what’s the problem? I swear I could cut through the sexual tension with a knife any time you two idiots are in the same room at the same time. You could solve that by relieving that tension a bit.”
Castiel was nervous about meeting Dean’s friends. Despite not being the invisible kid at school anymore, he still didn’t feel like he could recommend himself to people very well. Castiel had met Dean a couple of times, and had ended up spending time with some of Dean’s friends. When he first visited Charlie and Dean’s place and found it packed with their LARPing friends and DnD friends and who knows who else, he had been slightly overwhelmed and ended up drinking more home-mixed GTs than he intended. Unwisely he had participated in drunken game of truth or dare and ended up telling a long and detailed story of his first kiss. Castiel was sure other people had embarrassed themselves as well, but to be honest, he couldn’t remember much of the evening besides that.
Dean and Charlie went to her room, the door was out of its hinges because her family did not believe in privacy but they were all downstairs anyway. She was so excited to tell dean "I have a girlfriend" it took some explaining to dean who looked confused and thought Charlie had made a new friend who was a girl and wanted to set them up together. Charlie explained that "no dumb dumb we make out after lights out" dean blushed and stammered through his words. And he suddenly felt bad, like he had to cover Charlie in the blankets, smuggle her out of the state and change her name, just to make sure nothing bad would happen to her. All he knew of these types of relationships were things he'd seen in magazines truckers threw by the road, of locker room slurs being thrown and rumors that sometimes flooded the school, girls who were cold fishes and boys who would never touch a girl, that sort of thing.
Castiel was standing by the bleachers holding a red cup filled with spiked punch, he was looking at the dance floor at Charlie and her girlfriend doing silly dances. Her parents had pestered them for photos and he’d given his brightest most dashing smile he could muster up. His face hurt, now he was relaxed and sombre. He didn’t know how he could be so calm against the horridly loud background music and shoes washing against the gym floor, but he was. A kind of calm that only happens to old people reminicising, he’d seen his gramma go through phases where she’d sit on the porch in the evenings and count the fireflies. He took another sip and thought he must have been hanging with old people too much, this wasn’t what other seventeen year olds were thinking of on the dance flo- he was snapped out of thought by a small tug at his jacket. He looked over his left shoulder and dean was staring slightly down into his eyes. “ I called your name but you didn’t hear me” dean yelled. Cas had to read his lips despite him yelling. “let’s go” dean said. There was no way cas could go through the crowd without spilling his drink. But dean took his cup and drank it all in one go. Problem solved. They left the gym and the instant they were out the doors the loudness was ghosted away. It was now just an echo. Dean smiled “I got it man, let’s go”
And then they stayed there, not moving at all. Dean shifted his head a little, his nose brushed cas's adolescent stubble. Cas opened his jaw as if to talk but his lips made no sound. Unlike cas Dean's lips weren't dry, he had a nerveous habit of licking them. Neither of them had any time to get their heart racing or think of it because they heard people shuffling in the hallway and they scrambled away in a hurry. They did not talk about it. they did not mention it again. dean already knew how to act as if nothing had happened but he took even more meticulous steps to make sure he knew how to act. Specially the times a song came up on the radio and he would catch cas glancing at him as he drove, to see if dean loved the song as much as he did or not, and dean would pretend to be fascinated by the scenary. Or when he let dean have the last slice of pizza and dean had to pretend he'd really would have fought him over it. Or when he'd bend over at the hardware store to reach a shelf and dean had to busy himself looking at the sharp edges of the mechanical saws and count every single ridge. Or not to blush when cas remarked about his biceps having gotten bigger. Or not to think late at night about vampires biting his neck.
On October 31st dean was dressed up as zuko from GREASE, jo was dressed as sandy, they were always on again off again and low key flirting, Charlie came in as a witch who was constantly making bad puns everyone had suspected she had worked all year round to come up with, cas was a vampire with blood dripping down the corner of his mouth and sam, he had thrown a white sheet over his head and called it a day. They had danced, drank, played spin the bottle, truth or dare and tired themselves out completely. Jo always threw the best Halloween parties because her mom always felt guilty for marrying again and basically turned a blind eye. Sam had fallen asleep in his little nook holding his book. They were too drunk to drive so they crashed in the living room. Most people had walked out but some kids had crashed here and there, sleeping with limbs stretched out. Dean woke up for a second when a flash of light bothered him. He was a light sleeper. Cas was standing there with a polaroid camera. "I took your photo" he said with a shit eating grin and stumbled besides dean. "you sleep like a fetus"
“Because I want you to know I like dean, I do. But he needs someone he can rely on, your hot and cold teenage relationship is poisonous for him”
Cas looked down, pretending to look for his wallet, just an excuse to hide his face, leave it to clueless oblivious dean Winchester to notice he was blushing.
Dean had slept it off. He'd go back to school tomorrow. He could walk normal enough now, if he braced himself through the pain. In his old ratty bed he was laying on his stomach staring at his shoes which glowed in the dark, the tiny stars. The world was quiet, everyone was asleep, but he was awake, thinking about football. He didn't want to think about himself. So he was thinking about football. He was thinking of the Halloween party in a couple of weeks. He was too old to go trick or treating but he had to take Sammy to get his candy. Then he could go to the party, the one jo always threw, and Sammy would go in a corner in the loud house to bury his nose in a book and dean could take a breath, he had raised no snitch. The sound of scratches at his window pulled him out of the thoughts. And a moment later stilled air hit him and a pair of legs entered through.
If dean Winchester had a file about him, it would state that there had been occasions when he passed out and woke up in strange motel rooms with no recollection of how he got there. And if someone read that file they could draw the same conclusions as he did every time. But dean wouldn’t think in terms of words. Because words have meanings. To him, it was meaningless and painful. Sometimes there’d be bruising and blood stains on the sheets and fluids that weren’t his. He would crawl to the bathroom or shuffle as best as he could, cry as the shower water shocked his skin prickly and get dressed, go to the streets and try to guess which part of town he was in. Get hitchhiked to familiar enough parts. One time he woke up near the state line. That was the worst. A few times he got looks from the seedy motel manager eyeing his exit. That happened less as he grew older and learned to cook for himself. When John cooked he felt like the end of the world was upon him. it always tasted funny when John cooked.
The diner was almost empty, they were uncomfortably wet when they stepped inside, even though dean was careful to park as close to the entrance as possible and Cas had covered them both with his trench coat. Dean always teased him about it. Called him inspector gadget. They sat next to each other on the second row. The waitress was an old woman, tired. Dean ordered bacon and soda, cas ordered pancakes and orange juice for them both. They sat, waiting for their order, staring blankly out the large windows into the absolute darkness and some other shades of darkness their sight could not differentiate. Cas was aware of the 2 inches of distance between them. Of the way dean stank but how it didn’t bother him. Of dean’s wet hair stuck to his neck. Of hi-
When dean came home that afternoon after football practice he wasn't ready for the mess sam had made in the kitchen. Cas had encouraged him to try out and despite everyone's beliefs he had gotten in. that was last month. He hadn't told john about it yet. Sammy usually never made a mess but this was one of those occasions his head had been too caught up in a project and he'd lost track. "what the hell? You brought mudd into the house?"
It was their bit, the moment dean found out cas could do a Russian accent. Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean said come on, cas did the dimitri. It was so easy to amuse dean.
And after a few seconds he released him and went back to the tv room to settle on the couch and turn on the tv. He yelled at them to bring him beer. Sam's face was pink and he hurriedly fetched a cold one from the fridge and took it to his dad.
"what'd you do to him? Correct his grammar?" dean said while chewing his pizza which he had rolled up and put in his mouth entirely.
“Sam would be proud when he learns you won” cas said, then ate the pancakes quicker than anyone would have expected. He had major sweet tooth. Dean swallowed his mouthful and replied “I’m hardly his role model” and took the next bite. “That’s not true” cas said, almost choked on the orange juice but pretended he hadn’t, his eyes watered a bit. Just then, the lights went out. It was a sudden surprise for a fast moment until castiel’s head updated: lights are out. It’s just a black out.
"clean it up, you should've done this in the backyard" dean barked at his brother and grabbed the shoe box quickly. Sam started to protest and tried to swat it out of dean's hand but the taller boy had already opened the window and thrown the box open. butterflies flew out, all were white with black dots, dean wiped his hands on his shirt, feeling a creepy feeling go through his body. Yuck. Sam started to scream at him. "why'd you do that I spent weeks gathering them!" despite their size difference it wasn't an easy task to stop sam from biting him or screaming at him. They struggled for a few minutes until dean immobilized sam under his weight. The little tiger's heart was racing and his cheeks were flushed. Dean was just going to make sure he had calmed down before he'd let him go. " promise you won't do anything then I'll let go" dean said. He knew sam would start kicking the moment he'd let go but he always asked him that anyway. "that was sick, do you like being pinned down?"
“We crossed the Iowa state line about fifteen minutes ago. We’ve got another hour before we see Bobby.”
He looked a little confused as the two men headed back inside from the garage and the three of them bumped into each other as they entered the kitchen, "You two headed somewhere?" Dean headed over to the fridge to grab an apple and some water.
Dean stood from his chair, turned away from his brother to adjust himself in his pants, he called over his shoulder as he headed out of the library, "Be right back. Gotta take a whiz."
He was getting ready to tell Bobby about all the research he and his brother had been doing but was stopped when Bobby inquired, “What do you mean unorthodox?”
Sam felt a little ashamed but knew it truly was for the best. He turned around to see Bobby sitting in the passenger seat. As he entered the vehicle he sighed then looked over at Bobby. Bobby responded with a slight nod and presented Sam with the keys. "We both know it’s for the best."
Garth stopped in his tracks and looked at Dean. He was so caught up in his thoughts he forgot his friend was still here. He sat in an armchair across from Dean, "are you telling me everything?"
Dean looked at the six tapestries on the computer screen, "How long is that going to take to transcribe?"
The next morning, they left to head back to Lebanon. Just as before Sam took the wheel of the Impala to head back home and Dean slept most of the way. They stopped at a gas station to gas up and grab some snacks. Upon pulling up to the gas pump, Sam reached over to wake Dean up and as he did so noticed Dean's t-shirt was not as loose around his middle as usual.
The pump clicked to signify it was done fueling. Sam entered the Impala after closing the gas cap. He looked at Dean who met his gaze, smiled and nodded at him. Sam started the car and they were off. Forty minutes later, Sam looked to his brother who was fast asleep next to him.
“No. At least, I don’t think so. I have never seen it happen with a male body. It could be possible that with our bond and part of my grace in you, your body is mimicking a pregnancy. But it is hard to know for sure.”
Sam sat listening to the two of them. He could not understand why Dean was angry. Bobby asked a valid question.
*************************************************************************************************************
He also had stuff to report to the boys. Since they left that morning he has received four phone calls from newbie hunters but not about any sigils. They called looking for information on Drakkoons. According to the other hunters, the creatures they were hunting were warning that they will pay when Drakkoons gain full control over mankind. Bobby of course lied to the hunters saying that he never heard of a creature by that name. He did it for their own good. But now he's wondering what Drakkoon demons are really up to if they have other supernatural beings scared.
Everyone gathered for the meeting in the dining room. On the table, in front of Clearan, was the book from upstairs.
Sorry for the late posting. I had the majority of this story written but I am tweaking some of the chapters. Be patient there is more coming. Also, I try to keep the character true to how they are depicted in the show but sometimes I am not sure how they would react to certain situations so sorry if they seem a little out of character sometimes.
"Cas' grace was only suppose to ride along until I completed Orandriel's mission to unite heaven and hell. She wasn't aware that Drakkoon demons were roaming the earth. So, she got the clever idea to protect his grace by planting it inside another being" Dean pointed to his abdomen.
Dean rolled his eyes at his brother before taking another bite. They finished their meal in silence. After the kitchen was cleaned up, they headed off to what they were doing before. Sam found himself quite distracted by Dean's pregnancy. He couldn't help but wonder if his brother should be treating his pregnancy more seriously. If Dean wasn’t then he was. He decided to take it upon himself to stock the fridge with healthier choices for Dean. He headed towards his brother’s room to let him know he was heading out for a quick trip to the store. But what he found was so out of Dean’s character. He found his brother laying on his bed looking at the sonogram and caressing the underside of his slightly more noticeable bump. Sam backed a few feet away from the door before he announced his presence to allow Dean to compose himself, “Dean!”
Sam cleared his voice and closed his eyes, "Hey, Cas. Its Sam." He opened up his left eye to look over at Bobby a little embarrassed that he was praying to an angel, "We need some help down here, buddy. Could you provide us with some answers?"
Dean grabbed his book from the table and settled into the leather chair behind his brother. But it wasn't long before he found himself sleepy again. Bobby got Sam's attention then nodded with his head towards Dean. Sam turned around to see his brother's head on the back of the chair, his eyes closed, mouth agape, and the book on top his round abdomen.
Sam said nothing and went back to his book. Dean set a timer on his phone then started pacing the floor. When it dinged he left to retrieve them from the restroom he returned and slammed both tests down in front of Sam. By his brother’s action, Sam knew it was not good news meaning that they showed positive.
As they arrived and before Bobby even through the car into park, he grabbed the book from him receiving a response, “What the hell, Bobby?”
Garth nodded. Dean looked at him worried. His friend seemed to be in some kind of a weird trance. But Garth always seemed a little weird to him. so he figured his friend would call him if he needed anything more.
Dean looked into Cas' eyes as his face was being cupped by him and a tear flowed from his eye as he said, "I'm pregnant, Cas."
She turned from him before speaking, “After our last encounter, I did some reflecting within myself. At first, I had thought that you and Dean were sent to me as a way to eliminate evil on earth and bring peace to human kind. But I fear that quite the opposite is happening.”
“Good afternoon, men.” He looked around the room, “I have called you all here to tell you that our plan to take over the world is within our grasp.”
Sam yelled after him, “Dean!” No response from Dean. Sam looked at Bobby, “You just had to take his sandwich.”
As he was placing the book on the coffee table in front of him, Orandriel appeared. The cosmic veil wall displayed an empty library from within the bunker. He looked and waited for Sam or Dean's voice but when he heard nothing, Cas joined her over by the dining room table, "Where have you been? Did you get everything you needed?"
“Sonofabitch!” Dean yelled. He walked over to sink down in a chair in the war room. “How could we have been so stupid to think something for once would go as planned?”
She looked at him, "No, the child is well. Comparable to a human pregnancy, it is still early for him to feel anything other than a few flutters."
They both exited the veil library back into Bobby's house to figure out the next step. Cas could try the spell they used last time but that was time they didn't have right now. He remembered reading something in one of Bobby's books about placing things on another plane by exchanging it with another item.
Sam looked to Bobby who nodded at him. He got up off Dean's bed and headed towards the door with Bobby following behind him. He left the bedroom door slightly ajar as he exited. Sam turned to look at Bobby, "Do you think we should leave him alone right now?"
Sam rushed out the room and returned in a flash with the necessary items. He watched as Bobby dabbed Dean's forehead with the cloth. They received a groan response, Bobby then took the glass of water and tipped it to Dean's lips. They could see he was taking water in by his Adam's apple moving up and down. Dean's eyes were still closed though.
Dean’s eyes flew open as he looked down to his abdomen then he waited again. This time Dean gasped and looked at his brother with terror on his face.
Castiel started feeling helpful upon hearing Sam’s response, “Sorry, it’s just this is the book we’ve been looking for.” He continued listening with a grin on his face as Sam read the first few sentences out loud.
They rose slowly and walked closer to the Impala when Sam heard his brother quietly say, "How could I have let this happen? I had one job and I couldn't even do that right."
Clearan looked towards Micka, “Let them come after us. More grace that way.” He waved towards another henchmen to collect the vials.
Castiel stood there, his head spinning trying to take everything in. For the first time since all of this, things were now starting to make sense and he could not believe his conclusion. He would need to check with Dean for confirmation. He just hoped that Dean would be able to provide it.
“Enough!” Clearan yelled as he grabbed Dean's face to force eye contact. His gaze dropped down to his round abdomen. Clearan let go of his face to graze the left side of his belly, “Now, if you don’t mind, you have something I want and I always get what I want. Lets proceed, shall we?” Dean felt violated and his face grimaced at the touch. Clearan snapped his fingers as he walked backwards away from Dean. A table with a large silver bowl and various ingredients appeared before him. Next to the table was a chair. Dean and Sam shared a look before they returned their gaze back to the Alpha. Dean knew what was probably coming next and discreetly tried to loosing the chains from the wall.
The man step aside to allow them passage, “Take him to the back and to the first exam room on your right.” The doctor followed behind as they entered the exam room, “What’s wrong with him?”
“Enough with the cryptic, Cas. Just tell me what is going on with me.” As Dean stated that he realized what Cas had just said, “Wait, you were there that night when Sam and I were talking and you didn’t let your presence be known.” Dean wondered if she had shown Cas the moment after he took a pregnancy test.
Dean realized that his headache was gone and he was starving once he returned back to reality. He decided to leave the occupancy of his room in search for some grub.
Their orders arrived. Dean dived in for the food, castiel began by chopping the pancakes in smaller bits and pouring syrup on them. “Hey you want some?” He asked dean. “Wihshtrawpewwi” dean said with his mouth full. Cas poured some strawberry syrup on top of the ones he’d picked with the fork and shoved them into dean’s mouth who’d turned his head towards him. “Shank” dean thanked him.
Cas burst into a high pitched laughter. “ dean I’m just escorting her to the dance, she’ll be dancing with her girlfriend not me”
Castiel looked up, he felt dean’s hands on his cheeks who then peered into him and blew gently on his face “is it gone?” He asked.
Dean’s though, did not trust his eyes, his hand stretched on the table until it touched cas’s and caught it. It was warm and reassuring. “You okay?” He asked. “Yeah yeah” cas said and cleared his throat from the stinging orange juice. He looked down under the table where dean’s shoes glowed in the dark. Their eyes got used to the darkness and shapes began to form. Like dean’s lips reflecting the lightning that just occurred. Castiel was a creature of habit, his habit included doing things and thinking about his actions later as to what they meant, he was not a tortured artist or battled overthinker, he was a teenage boy whose heart was beating like a train going off the tracks. He leaned into dean and then the lights came back on. He paused as his brain updated him: lights are back.
That made jo take a mental step back. This was news to her. No one had ever said something about it.
After the final school bell rang a highschool boy came over to the shared field they had with the middleschool and waved at sam who was sat on the bleachers having a small sandwich and conjugating Spanish verbs.
At the mention of her name dean got confused. He didn’t want to see cas get hurt but he didn’t want to blow Charlie’s secret either.
He couldn't tell Charlie any of that. She was his oldest friend but he couldn't even protect her if shit went south. Charlie was talking and she was happy and excited and she made it sound so…normal and innocent that dean didn't even have the heart to ask her to be safe or careful, he didn't want to ruin her good moment, he'd talk to her about it later. For now he layed on her silky pink bed covers and he listened to her describe this girl's shiny hair and adorable laugh and how she smelled amazing and he smiled and he did all the things he was supposed to do, while pushing down the alarms going on in his head deep deep down.
"go to bed Sammy" dean instructed his brother, who then ran to the house using the back door. But he did not go to bed. His heart was racing too much and he put his small head in the corner of the window and squinted. There was a punch and there was dean being dragged into the house. That's when the shouting began. Sam hid under the blankets in his bed and listened as each thud against the cheap thin walls indicated dean being hit. But he couldn't make out the words. He could hear them clearly but it didn't make a sense to him. As if they were spoken in a foreign language. It wasn't until years later that he would remember them and he would know what they meant. And then there was crying and whimpering, which sam really tried not to hear, it felt like invasing dean's privacy, like peaking in to see him take a shit on the toilet at school, something embarrassing that was wrong to do and wrong to mention even if you did.
“He was so skinny I took him in, I fed him, he was a sweet boy, John never made inquiries about him until Mary came back. If she’d come back a few weeks late I’d have done all the paperwork. When Sam was born, Mary left again. this time for good. John didn’t come around there any more so I lost track of them for a while. Your father had died, I had only you and me to think of.”
It was a warm school night in October. Dean was 16, his denim pants had rips in them, his dirty shoes were marked with bright yellow stars drawn on by his best friend, his leather jacket was 2 sizes too big for him but he made it work with his boyish charm. He kicked a can of soda as he walked on the sidewalk with his pipsqueak brother chattering excitedly about his school project. It involved stars,that was the only reason they were out this late out at night, some star you were supposed to see only this time of year. When they reached the small hill in the back of their neighbourhood dean plumped down on his makeshift chair and turned on his flashlight to look at some batman comics. His brother would be annoyed a little bit but he wouldn't say anything. They stayed on the hill for about an hour.
"Sammy it's time to go" dean told him. He had noticed despite his excitement his yawns had become too frequent and he wasn't in the mood to carry the kid all the way back.
Jo was silent. She was counting her split ends trying to distract herself from wanting to cry, ellen gave her a pat on the back and left her room. Jo sat on the floor with her back leaning on the bed Frame and drank her chocolate milk. She liked dean very much, but now that her mom was off her back, she felt guilty. So what? Who was expecting true love at high school? Why couldn’t she date dean and be happy about it?why was she picking up the phone to call him over? What was the point of this if she could just do it tomorrow after lunch ?
Dean teased Sammy about having a crush on the new librarian. She was also their new neighbor. Sammy asked him to make her some brownies. Dean tossed him a recipe and told him to make it himself and he’d help him with the oven then went back to his room to do some push ups. It was a silent sort of exercise and dean was always quiet as a mouse at home. Sam couldn’t read his brother’s terrible handwriting so he had to go upstairs a couple of times to ask him. Sam asked him for the last ingredient and dean laughed and told him it was love and sam blushed and cursed him under his breath. He went back to the kitchen and cleaned up. He didn’t want dean to get in trouble. Then he asked him to come fix the oven, dean was sweaty and he stank but he slid the tray in the oven and sat on the counter, drinking iced tea and letting the afternoon breeze cool him down instead of taking a shower. When it was done he went over to their neighbors with Sammy in tow and rang their bell. It was a shabby old house and the porch’s doorsteps creaked under their feet. When the door was opened it was a young woman with dark hair and a sweet smile who greeted them. She invited them in and thanked them. Dean didn’t know why she talked like that but he didn’t ask either. He could see it was sam’s schoolboy crush, the kid was always at the library and shied away from most people so he was happy he had taken his nose out of the books for some human conversation. The interior was freshly painted and the furniture was old yet clean. There was wild flowers decorating the living room. Miss Eileen, the quiet librarian / neighbor brought them some lemonade. She talked with sam about his homework, she asked dean about their upcoming game, she purposefully avoided asking about their parental situation, sam tried to use sign language but she laughed because he’d mistaken some words and so his brother was feeling like an idiot for a change. Miss eileen was sweet and nice to them and dean would have thought she was just like every other adult he’d met in his life, well meaning and clueless. He’d never trusted any authority figures, even ellen, he knew he couldn’t count on. But before this story comes to an end, miss Eileen would prove to be much much more. For now, they said goodbye and she handed dean a small Emily Dickinson booklet and dean had a hard time saying no, so now he felt like he’d been given homework but for the first time, he didn’t want to disappoint. He’d ask cas to help him with it, cas was nothing if not resourcefully good with words.
“It was before little sam was born. Mary, his mother, she’d left John, that was the first time she’d left him. John, he refused to take care of dean, said he was a bastard and Mary had tricked him into the marriage”
That parent never came. Dean Winchester did. He came over to the counter, he looked intimidating at first but no he didn't look angry, in fact he looked giddy and found it hilarious. He waited for his shift to be over, it was a Sunday afternoon and then he showed around the town. It was all new for castiel. He had grown up in new York, everyone was too busy and dirty, no one knew one another. Seeing dean have a usual spot at the diner, bantering with the waitress, it looked unreal to him. Dean's smile was easy. He didn't have to work hard to see it. dean appointed him cas, and he liked it (much better than his last nick name which was ass)
Now that dean was on the football team, it was easier to explain away the bruising. The staff wrote him off as dumb jock instead of stoner. He even got better grades because he was just THAT good at it that they gave him better grades to let him practice more. There were even talks of playing varsity and for dean, that was so exciting. He'd never thought he'd be able to go to college. College was for smart kids and rich people. People whose parents set aside money for them. Whose report cards were all As and talked of SATs like it was the match of century. He still hurried home to make dinner for Sammy. He still lowered his gaze whenever john was around. But now outside, in the world of his peers, he was looked up on and it was a new feeling. One he didn't know how to handle. One that had pushed what had happened on Halloween night, deep deep down. He pretended. He was good at it. but how well could he pretend to someone who knew everything else? He told himself that he was doing okay that it was enough and he should just push through whatever it is to make the thing go away and that no one would know any better.
But at that moment john came home. He looked at the boys. He looked at the mud they'd dragged everywhere and he went from zero to 100 real quick. It didn't matter than he never cleaned up anything and he sure wasn't going to have to clean up mud and that kids were always cleaning up after themselves. It only mattered that he'd come home from his work and it was unclean. Dean and sam each crawled to a different corner and stood up. The floors shifted under john's boots as he walked across the room from the main door and took a look at everything and closed the window which then made the room's smell to fully manifest. And well, dean had forgotten himself, he had forgotten how to behave so he did the mistake of argueing with sam on whose fault it was and who should clean it up. Sam slipped a little and made the glass of water on the floor to spill. As they argued john pushed dean to the kitchen to start cleaning there. But really, dean had forgotten how to be, he was screaming at sam heatedly that he had made all the mess and he should clean it himself. John screamed at dean to do it now and dean, he really wasn't paying attention, he was pushing against football players bigger than himself every other day at practice matches, his muscle memory was beginning to forget what it was like to break under force. He pushed back a little. And john got surprised. John did not like being surprised. He grabbed dean by the back of his neck and he shoved his face into the mud on the floor and he told him it was his job to clean It up. Now. Images of school, his classmates, his team mates, they all danced around dean's head, what would they say if they could him right now?
When people started coming over on Christmas morning, Cas was getting more relaxed about the evening too. Meeting Ellen already helped, and Jo had already visited him as well, to help with the cooking and cleaning yesterday. Sam had sent a message that Jess had a flu and was staying with her parents to get back to health, so Sam was flying in without her. Bobby came in the morning and introduced himself to Cas gruffly, Charlie appeared not much later with bags full of Christmas gifts, and Gabriel arrived early afternoon bringing more than enough mayhem just with his presence.
“Did I ever tell you about how I broke off things with my parents?” Castiel asked. The air was crisp, and he could smell a hint of winter in the cold air.
“I don’t think you’re in denial of your feelings for him. What you fail to see is that when you look at him, he always looks back at you. He stops any conversation he’s having with anyone else just to say hi to you. He comes to a room and looks disappointed if he doesn’t see you there. Bro, he’s fucking gone on you. He likes to play it cool because you’ve given no indication that you want the same. And I must say your man is horrible at flirting with people who actually matter.”
“We should talk about things through first, don’t you think?” Castiel thought aloud. If he’d just tell Dean how he felt maybe Dean would answer in similar manner.
“College friends who you meet twice a year don’t count, Cassie. I think you haven’t had a real friend since you were sixteen.”
“I think we should ask the rest of the people to leave. Gabriel promised to take care of those people who still want to party some more. Most have already gone anyway.”
“It was not… pretty. Bobby almost shot dad when he forced dad to leave. I finished high school, got a job, and then Sam convinced me to look into scholarships and possible colleges. I had gotten some experience with fixing cars when I was working for Bobby’s garage, so I thought engineering might be fun. I got in, somehow paid my way through college without insane debt, and got a job here.”
“If you’re going to say the both of you don’t want to fuck each other’s brains out, you’re a filthy liar and there’s no helping you. What’s even
“I came to help you. I know you want to do everything on your own, but since I’m here, I could help you boys prepare and cook all the food needed for the Christmas dinner.”
The Christmas celebrations left Cas with a lot of thoughts and lot of feelings, but he didn’t have time to talk about them with Dean when they had guests. On Boxing Day the guests had left Cas’ house, and he had his home all to himself again. Cas didn’t try to contact Dean for a couple of days, since he wanted to give him time to spend with Sam, who was staying with Dean for a few days after Christmas.
Castiel agreed to watch one of Charlie’s picks, ‘The Princess Bride’, which made him completely forget his bad day at work. When Dean came home later in the evening, Castiel and Charlie were playing cards, telling awful jokes, and quoting lines from the movie almost every time either of them said anything.
“I wanted to go with you that day. It was just an impossible dream but I thought that if I went with you we could find somewhere to call our own,” Cas said and for a moment he could feel the phantom pain of losing Dean all those years ago. “Even after we met again, I thought it just an impossible dream. I’m happy to be your friend, but you never gave me signs that you’d want to be something else too.”
“There’s a tradition I have never tried before, and I thought if you are amenable to it, I could try it tonight.”
He sent the message before he had time to overthink it. Just when he was starting to think he should clarify his intentions, his phone beeped.
Cas didn’t ask more about why John Winchester had so many different ID’s. They had talked about what John had done for living a few times, but mostly Dean had just told him that Cas wouldn’t want to know and that not even Sam knew, so Castiel had stopped asking. It was Dean’s history, Dean’s family, and in time he might share some more of it and if he didn’t, Castiel wasn’t going to pressure him.
Leaving before it hurt too much might have been easier, but at this point Cas was sure that Dean would find him where ever he went.
There was an older looking woman who Cas definitely recognized as a resident of a nearby house. She winked at Cas, and Cas raised his glass at her.
“I do feel it though, Cas. For years I thought I should find you. Come back to where you lived and try to meet you again. But I was scared. I thought you’d find someone else, thought I couldn’t find you at all, or that you wouldn’t want to see me, and I couldn’t bear it.”
Cas wrapped his fingers around Dean’s cock and pulled it in the same rhythm as he was pushing inside and Dean came with a shout. After a couple of rough pushes Cas came too.
“He has the closet door open but still another foot in fucking Narnia. Personally I blame it all on his dad,” Cas said, just when he finished the level and the game started throwing confetti on his scoreboard.
No matter how comfortable Castiel was sitting and how much he got pulled into the world of Middle-Earth watching the movie, he could never really forget Dean’s arm on the back of the couch behind his head just inches from his skin.
“Sam’s on his way of becoming a hotshot lawyer in California. He got a full ride at Stanford of all things. It made the money situation a lot easier, I can tell you.”
Castiel wanted to tell how much Dean had helped him with the decision, but at the night’s end when Dean left, it just remained one of the many unsaid things between them.
“You’re very important to him. He enjoys your company more than Sam’s, and that’s saying something. And when he’s with you he kind of… lights up.”
“How the fricking frack are you that good in this game? Dean insisted that your house didn’t have any video games when you were growing up?” Charlie asked, frustrated.
“There may have been other benefits involved in our friendship too, but we kept it secret. Dean’s dad was… shall we say difficult person and not tolerant of anything else than masculinity and complete heterosexuality from his sons. And there’s a reason why Gabe is my only relative I still keep in contact with. My family didn’t welcome my sexuality with open arms either.”
The way Dean looked at him in the robes made Castiel feel self-conscious though. He felt it would be fun to take part in a hobby that Dean and Charlie clearly enjoyed so much, but he also thought there was a considerable possibility of him making a complete fool of himself in front of them both.
“Wait a moment now. How the fuck do you know that? You met Dean again just a few weeks ago. It took him months to come out to me even with all the rainbow flags I kept waving at his face.”
Castiel sighed deeply when he saw his brother’s name on his phone screen. He had avoided talking to Gabriel for a few weeks since he had been so busy at work and with other things. It wasn’t like he wanted to keep meeting Dean again as a secret from Gabe, but he knew Gabe more than anyone could make him reveal his feelings out loud.
Bars or clubs had never been Cas’ scene. He always preferred nights spent with his chosen people. In college and after it, he had learned to tolerate parties at people’s homes, which had nothing to do with the memory of one particular home party years and years ago, but he still mostly didn’t like going out to drink just so he could party the night away. The music was always too loud, and the other people couldn’t keep their hands to themselves. It was much more comfortable to just stay home or go at someone’s home and have a few drinks where he could have actual discussions and hear what other people were saying.
“No, Cas, I don’t mind. I was just in my thoughts. Well, it really wasn’t much of a surprise that dad was driving drunk and crashed the car. He didn’t die immediately, but they had some difficulty finding out who he was, since he had with him about six identification papers belonging to different people when he crashed and they took him to a hospital.”
“Oh, I forgot to ask if Charlie minds the burger place round the corner. Assuming your tastes haven’t changed, Dean.”
“Come on, dude, that’s the best perk! You get to be dramatic and play around while on character. You were doing awesome,” Dean said.
“Hey, you’re my family too. And Charlie will be thrilled. More people means we don’t have to stint on the food.”
He was, not surprisingly, spending an early November Saturday afternoon at the apartment Dean and Charlie shared when Dean brought up the subject.
Cas raised his eyebrows and went to his night table. He found a condom and a bottle of lube from the drawer and put them on the table.
Castiel waited for Dean and the mysterious C in the lobby around noon. He was a little early but his coworkers didn’t mind him having long lunches, because more often than not, Castiel ended up doing more workhours than all of his colleagues. He didn’t have a family to go home to or any time-consuming hobbies, so he could stay until late and finish up whatever he had left to do even with his longer than usual lunchbreaks.
“Yeah, you do, because you don’t seem stupid or ignorant to me. Did Dean ever tell you about how he and Sam ended up living with me?”
Apparently he had made an impression though, because Dean kept asking him to spend time with them after that as well. Some people Castiel liked, like Charlie, who was an all over bubbly personality and got overly excited about anything she liked. She was also super smart, and seemed to like Castiel, even though most of her references to popular culture went right over Castiel’s head. Some of Dean’s friends Castiel wasn’t as fond of, like Benny, who was one of Dean’s best friends and kept calling Dean ‘brother’. Neither of them never told Castiel how they had met, and even though for a week or so Castiel thought Dean might be dating Benny, Dean just brushed that off and denied it was like that. Not like it was any of Castiel’s business who Dean dated anyway, but it was somehow a relief to know Dean was not in a relationship.
Sam sat it on the table and took a seat, Dean followed suit. Sam started to thumb through the book when it landed on the page with a feather. He took out of the book to look at it.
Sam responded as he placed their bags on the ground, “We scoped out the town and found evidence of supernatural beings but there was something weird.”
Cas calmed Dean down as he brought him back over the the bench to sit. They talked about it for a while trying to figure everything out. They discussed theories of magical pregnancies and Cas was still positive that men have never been known to be carriers. Cas told Dean that Orandriel was unaware that Drakkoons were walking the earth and that if she had known she wouldn't have sent him back with part of Cas' grace in him. After hearing that, Dean was convinced Orandriel was lying to Cas and he made sure to let him know how he felt about her manipulation. He assured Dean that wasn't true.
“A town in Iowa is having problems with their livestock. Get this, farmers have been complaining of their livestock missing only for them to return to the farm few days later completely gutted.”
Sam entered his brother’s room, “Hey. . . um, I’m going run to the store real fast be back in a bit.”
“Ok..uh…well, we’ll just take each day at a time. Lucky for you I am a little more knowledgeable on what resources we have here.”
“You guys will follow me to the more unusual cases.” She went on to explain to them that a couple of farmers found strange burn marks out on their property and a couple of locals a few miles down the road from those farmers found strange writing on their sheds, houses, and garages. That was all the information she had to give them until they could investigate the crime scene. She took three of the locals and one farmer to investigate and the rest she divvied up to other deputies. Dean, Sam, and Bobby suited up in their FBI gear before heading on their way.
They moved their pity party to the library were Sam uploaded the photos from his phone to his laptop to get a better look at them. Each of the six tapestries had A large symbol in the centerThe six tapestries each had Drakkoon writing on them and a larger symbol they were not familiar with right in the center of each one.
The wall shifted the scene once more to show Bobby and Sam returning back to the bunker. Cas heard Sam talking about the tapestries in the cave. He knew that he had to find some kind of lore that might help them translate the tapestries.
Dean stood from his chair to discover an odd sensation like the feeling of floating. He looked behind to see his sleeping form still in the chair. He realized he was dreaming and maybe this was something he fabricated to comfort himself. He had to know if this was real so he walked towards Castiel. “Is it really you?” Dean looked at him both surprised and longingly. Castiel nodded his head. He wanted so badly to reach out and touch him.
Sam interjected, “Some angels who have claimed human bodies as their own when the soul leaves, their grace mixes with human blood to create angel blood.”
Just the the empty chair next to Sam disappeared and in its place was a bar stool. All three of them quickly stood up and backed away from the table. They all look bewildered at each other. No one said anything for a few moments. Sam was the first to speak, "Everyone saw that right?"
Dean started calling to Cas when that didn't work, he prayed. He waited for quite some time and still no Cas. Dean grew pissed by not getting answers from the one person who could probably help him.
"Whoa, Sammy, calm down. Take a breath. First off, none of that is really my style and second I think I'm doing everything I need to." Dean could see the frantic and worry in Sam's eyes. He sighed before he added something to calm his brother down, "How about this, I will let you know if I need anything or want to know something, okay?"
“It’s a start. Have you found anything yet on the sigils we discovered after Dean and Cas disappeared?”
Dean turned to his left to look at Castiel,“No, Cas. I am not leaving without you.” He then returned his attention back to Orandriel, “What’s it going to be?”
He felt slightly weak from being gone too long. He rushed over to the dining table more determined then ever to help his hunter. To his surprise, Orandriel appeared before him, "How can I help?"
She looked between the three of them waiting for an answer and when she didn’t receive one. She speculated, “Why do I feel like Dean’s illness and these cases are connected.”
Sam entered the cave to see six tapestries on the wall of ancient origin. In front of him was an altar of some sort. The place looked like it had been ransacked years ago. Regardless, he moved things around to see if maybe the dagger fell. He took pictures with his phone of the tapestries to investigate later.
"No, you can keep that rabbit food. But this. . ." Dean stated as he held the burger up, "we need to buy more of."
"Don't be an idjit. You were sitting right there when took a drink from it earlier."  Bobby looked at the other end of the table where he left Dean's water, "I know I brought it with me when I brought a water for Dean."
Sam hung up the phone as his brother was coming out of the restaurant with the food they ordered. He was leaning up against the Impala when Dean approached him with the food. He informed his brother that Bobby was heading out on a quick hunt and would be back tomorrow. Dean opened the passenger door to put the food in the car when they heard a scream coming from around the restaurant building. The brothers armed themselves and head over towards the noise.
“Bobby!” yelled Sam as he ran after him. He caught up with him just in time. “I want answers too but we need to give him some time.” As they walked back to the war room, Sam informed Bobby about what happened at the grave site. He finished his story with, “I’ve been doing some research.”
It has been a longtime since we have seen what Castiel has been up too. We last saw him when he was finding out he was going to be a father.
The next day was just as uneventful as the day before. More research and not a whole lot of talking, in fact, everything seemed to be pretty normal. This morning was just the same as it had been until Bobby received a call from a hunter buddy of his asking for help with a possible vampire nest. Lucky for them it was near by so the three of them thought it would do them good to get a little fresh area. While they were packing up things they may need, Bobby got to thinking that maybe for now Dean should sit this one out. When Dean had exited the armory to put the duffel bag in the car Bobby walked over to Sam to discuss his concerns. Little did they know that Dean was within ear shot and heard everything. When Bobby and Sam met up with Dean in the garage they found him behind the wheel ready to go. They looked at each other then back at Dean each one waiting for the other to tell Dean to sit this one out. Be neither had the courage to say anything so naturally their next move was to get into the car. It wasn't until Dean made a move that they realized they were not going to have to say anything.
“No.” She sighed before continuing, “It wasn’t until I woke up this morning to find that he never came to bed. That’s when I knew something was wrong and decided to call Jody to file a missing person’s report. While I was on the phone with her, I looked out my bedroom window towards the garage and noticed that it had been graffitied with some weird symbols.”
Sam paused for a second before responding, “Just called to check in and let you know that we've arrived in California. Are you sure everything is okay?”
Dean walked into the kitchen, zipped up hi duffel bag and headed towards the door. He couldn't help but notice that Garth was acting really strange, "You gonna be okay by yourself?"
Dean could tell the room was slowly growing darker due to the sun setting and minimal windows in the basement. He looked around the room again, "Are we in a basement?"
"Uh. . .well. . .Bobby and I talked about it already and. . .uh. . . we think its best that you stay here. Again. Before you stayed because we didn't want attention but now it more for your own protection. Without the. . ." Sam stopped he didn't know how to delicately put that do to the baby no longer having grace to heal Dean if he got hurt he was a sitting duck, "We just think it would be safer for you to stay in the bunker."
Yep. That’s James and Castiel. We can say; they are one of the most famous YouTubers in the world? Nah, that’s too much. In all America? Maybe, but they have subscribers from all over the world.
Castiel looks so pleased when he hears that, “So, would you agree to come with me to the bunker?” he raises his brow, and it does look intimidating even with a smile on his face.
Castiel, the big-hearted angel, gives a small smile to eases a thick tension in the room. Castiel always knew how to control human emotion. That’s his job, after all, “No need to feel ashamed, Magnus, I can see you are a good person. Yout parent is not who you are.”
Magnus sharps his ears and listens intently to their whispers. He can't stop thinking about how strange this situation is? An Angel? And he's looking for Raziel? Which apparently is an angel as well? The last time he checks, it’s rare for an angel to flies down to earth.
from other angels. But with support from Ezekiel, Gadreel, Samandriel, and Castiel —who stand with humanity— Raziel created the first Nephilim on earth, named
Alec interrupts his parabatai when he looks like—wants to argue with Dean, "Please continue your story again, Gabriel."
, on his phone. Dean can’t take his eyes off of him. The man wears an ocean blue button-up with two upper buttons leave open which makes him look 10000x
Castiel grins, “I love you, Charlie, you are so patient with me,” he holds his hands on his chest, “Okay, Dean, explain, now.”
Clarie jump from the kitchen stall who gets scolds from her father. Jimmy picks her up and carries her to the bathroom to clean her mess.
Castiel, of course, was responsible for the one in Kansas. He supervised the hunters and the man of letters activities,
“It’s Lake Lyn, and it’s in Alicante,” Alec looks at Cas and Gabriel back and forth, “Alicante is the home city of the Nephilim. And it’s warded to another being other than us, Nephilim. And in this case, if I put one and one together, the ward is against the other angels as well. Maybe that’s why you never found Raziel.”
Magnus raised his hand, stop Alec's words. He frowns, fell like something burns his stomach from the inside, “something powerful inside my ward.” they exchange their glances until they hear some footsteps above them, “Rooftop.”
“Right, So, Sam found out about Dean’s deal with the demon. They were looking out for ways to break the deal, but--nothing. They searched the demon who held Dean's contract; they assumed it had to be Lilith, the Queen of Hell. They tracked her down and tried to kill her, but no, in the end, Dean’s time was out. Dean was killed--by the hellhounds; they dragged his soul straight to hell.
“For time travel, we need an angel’s feather, tears of a dragon, a pinch of the sand of time, our blood —because it’s a blood sigil spell, and a tap of our soul’s power. And unfortunately, Eileen said we are running out of the dragon’s tears. So…” Dean can see that Sam's explanations raise many question marks on the shadowhunters’ faces.
He loves Michael. He loves Raphael. Hell, he even loved Lucifer! But he could not see them fight anymore. So when God left heaven, he decided to left heaven as well. Until one night, Gabriel and Castiel's heads were ringing from the angel's radio. They said that the first seal of Lucifer's cage in hell had broken.
Cas can see Victor’s frown, “I don’t know, I got a basketball scholarship. at first, I want to go to NYU, but I’m not sure now.”
But Lucifer, God's favorite son, was refused to obey his Father's orders. He said, "Father, I can't bow down before them. These human beings are flawed, murderous. They weren't perfect!" And because of that, God created hell, banished Lucifer into hell —along with some other Angels who are loyal to Lucifer— and locked them out from Earth and Heaven. God knew that Lucifer would try with all his power to destroy humans on Earth.
Alec tells him about his day in Alicante. Clary's angelic rune ceremony, his home in Alicante, about his concern for his parabatai and Clary (He thinks she hides something from him), and Magnus immediately soothes his boyfriend. Try to assure him if it was something serious they will tell him, eventually.
, why was Jack born as a Nephilim, not a Warlock? I mean, the Princes of Hell were Fallen Angels, too, right?”
Sam had given an order to all hunters and men of letter to move to the lower ground level of the bunker ever since they brought Michael back from the cage. It was Gabriel’s order actually because Michael is not used to be around humans.
They look at each other again, “There are a mortal sword, a mortal cup, and a mortal mirror,” answers Izzy again.
“Maybe, that made sense. So, the book ended with Michael sacrifices himself to dragged Lucifer back to his cage because it was just him and Gabriel; Raphael is dead, Lucifer killed him. That’s why Michael is in the cage.”
Benji up and joins Castiel and Mia for a group hug, “Thank you, for everything, for this heavenly lunch, for the meatballs, for dinner you promised, and for breakfast you might make as well.”
Raziel and Gabriel were immediately fell in love with their Father's new creation. They admired humans and thought humans were; so pure, innocent, beautiful, and
In the same year, Castiel and James manage to open their first restaurant, but they entrust their business to Benny. And they were pleased with Benny’s work at their restaurant. Castiel back on his own.
He sees the boy exhales his breathe, “Victor, Victor Salazar,” and Victor smiles at him, the nervous-smile one.
Castiel turns his head, girns, and back to his phone, “Just some recipes. Do you think we need a cake?” he asks. He doesn’t need Dean’s
“Oh God, how could I deserve you. You are too good to be true,” Dean places his hands on Castiel’s back neck, cards Castiel’s hair there.
“You can join us, and by the way, you look familiar. I thought I've seen you somewhere, maybe? I don’t know, and it’s not a flirtation,” says Dorothy jokingly, and she winks at him.
Dean kicks Cas’ leg under the table and whispers to him, “Babe, I think we should stop. we both are being ridiculous in front of a bunch of teenagers!”
her! So Dean would never bear the Mark of Cain, and the Darkness would never get out,” Michael scolds Gabriel; and Castiel just looking at them from across the table. Michael brings out his wings—they lay limp behind him. Gabriel and Jack help him to fasten his healing process.
At 24, they all are graduates, James proposes to Amelia right away. They are married in the summer. Castiel is so
Alec nods and politely says, “Please take a seat,” Magnus snaps his fingers and magically appears on other couches.
And then he found out that Clary brought back Jace to life! In the back of his mind, there’s this tiny voice that keeps saying that
Cas gives Dean a look, give him time to speak first, “I don’t know anything about basketball, babe!”
Not long after that, Felix and Pilar enter the car in the back seats. It’s a long drive to the cabin; he only wishes this all worth it—he is glad that all his friends are there for him. Mia understands that (since her father and Veronica moved out to Palo Alto), but she knows that coming; he is
Until one day, Castiel heard the angels talking about a hunter named Mary Campbell who made a deal with one of the princes of hell, Azazel, to save John Winchester's life—The last main lineage Winchester alive. Castiel came to Mary; he warned her that her deal with Azazel could curse her descendants. But Mary didn't care, she loved John, and she was willing to pay the price.
,” he says that with his antique gesture, throws his hands up dramatically, “And leads heaven was never for me, but don’t worry, heaven's doing okay.”
In the last three months, Castiel decided to stay with his brother, Gabriel, on Earth. After the first apocalypse, Gabriel decided to came down to Earth. He didn't like to see his brothers fought all the time.
When Dean sees Castiel’s laughing face from their stream video, he can’t help but joins the others, laughs. If being a fool in this game makes Castiel laughs like that, Dean, without hesitation, will pretend to be a fool all the time.
. He was the one who found the Winchesters, after all. Castiel had never interfered with anything the family faced—he just kept the fate flowed on their own.
“Once? What do you mean could only be done once?” asks Sam. Hell, even Dean, maybe Jack, too —because right now the kid frowning and tilting his head, looks confused— have the same question.
“Oh, Castiel, You are always the smartest one! It would be great, please,” ever since the first apocalypse, Michael gives Angels an order to saved some of their grace in a vial every year for this very reason, to help their self-healing. It was like… human’s blood donor.
“I don’t believe you,” of course, Alec is not going to believe these guys easily; but, Magnus has his own opinion because this new guy's energy is way
Sam’s and Dean’s eyes go wide, “What a missing archangel?” says Sam at the same time with Dean, “You never mention anything about a missing archangel!”
Dean has subscribed to Castiel's channel right away since they first meet and watch all Castiel's videos from the very first video. When Dean finds out Castiel had a twin for the first time— to be honest, he feels a bit—
They start their Channel since they were 18, right after their high-school graduation. At that time, the twins take a rest, almost a year, before they got into college. They plan to travel all around the world. They go to 15 countries; they are Netherland, England, Japan, South Korea, Australia, France, Switzerland, Egypt, Greece, Norway, Ireland, Spain, Russia, Germany, and Jamaica.
Cas’ eyes go wide at that, and he nearly screams when he speaks next, “if you ask me, I would scream to you ‘
their words. Screw them. Screw whatever is there in Milan. He is pissed that his parents are absent on one of the most important days in his life. This morning was his graduation, and no one came for him,
Dean winces, glances at Castiel when he hears his name. He scoffs before says, “Okay, buddy, first, we don’t talk about
When Lucifer managed out from hell, God commanded Michael to come down to fight Lucifer and locked him in the cage in hell. Raphael, Raziel, Gabriel, and all of heaven’s garrison helped Michael to take down all Lucifer's army on earth. Ezekiel, Gadreel, Samandriel, and Castiel protect humans from the war between heaven and hell.
“I’ve heard about them, once, a long time ago. I thought it was just a rumor. Because they are mundanes!” exclaims Magnus.
strange because of their contrasting appearance. Two of them wore flannel shirts, one with a denim jacket and one with a leather jacket on. one person was wearing a suit like an accountant with a trench, another person looked like a teenager with casual clothes like a tee and denim outer.
of it, but we need all archangels available for that, that’s why we need Raziel. It’s okay if you didn’t trust us, but—please, help us out.”
For a second, he feels warm on his back. It was the same time when he sees Castiel straight up his posture. And a second later, he feels so light, like a feather.
“So, how was Alicante?” asks Magnus to Alec while he made his favorite cocktail. He mixes some liquors into his glass and
Dean can see Castiel smile, it’s just a little purse on his lips, but it is there, “Yes. Yesterday, We —me, Ezekiel, Gadreel, Samandriel, and Gabriel— felt his presence somewhere on earth. But it felt like muted,
?” He asks excitedly, “I’m sorry, Dean and I are Potterhead, and my house is Slytherin,” Cas shakes his head; he feels amused at his own people skill.
Castiel tries to hold his laugh when he sees Gabriel mock Michael's words, “Well, Brother, I was in heaven. If you forgot, I am the last Archangel left upstairs; Cassie and the other seraph had tried to find daddy on earth, but nope,
organization!” he points out, “The Man of Letters is pretty mind-blowing. Plus, they have bunkers; it was like the institute but underground. They, too, ally with witches, weres, vamps, really, just like us. So, Sam and Dean learn about—everything, plus they have had a literal Angel by their side since then.
Dean brings his attention back to the group, “Wait, did you just said Lucifer’s son?” asks Simon, who looks surprised.
"But, if Raziel managed to hide these entire times, how could you find us now?" asks Izzy, who looks more confused now.
“It was four months on earth and 40 years on hell when Castiel dragged Dean out from hell, bring him back to life. Castiel guided them to Kansas. There, Sam and Dean met their grandfather. Turn out their family runs a secret organization; called The Man of Letters.”
They introduce themselves; the guy with his hair styled up, dyed on some strains, and what is that glowing things on his hair?
They turn back to face Alec and him; this time, the guy with blonde hair talks first, "Sorry about that, he's—his people skills are rusty, I quote his words. But he is right. He's an angel,
Alec looked at his friends. He knew that if he says that he believes it then, they will believe it too. He is the head of the institute and he needs to make a decision, “I believe it, Castiel said it was written by a Prophet; so, I’m going to give them a chance. Maybe we should bring them to the institute in the morning,” there, he said it, “Can we sent them a fire message or—or maybe,
“Azazel came to houses where had six months old babies; to fed his blood to the babies to make them ‘special’—In this case, it was Sam,” Simon frowns a little like he tries to remember the whole story, “So, they were focused, on these ‘special kids’ cases for a moment, they tracked down Azazel with that leads. Later after that, Sam disappeared; Azazel took him and sent him to this dead town with the other kids. They have to survive from each other, so it was like the Hunger Games, the last person who lived, they get the ‘privilege’ to leave. Dean found the town with Bobby, their uncle. But, it was too late—they arrived at the same time with Sam got killed. Dean made a deal with the crossroad demon; he traded his soul with Sam’s, the demon gave Dean one year to live before they took his soul. Azazel did open the Gate of Hell, but Sam, Dean, and other hunters closed it again and killed Azazel.”
Magnus can hear Alec sighs loudly, “Okay, can you at least tell us? Who are you? And what do you want?” he sounds confused.
After God created the archangels, He created angels. Angels here were more like God's warriors, heaven’s soldiers,
When Castiel tried to fly for the first time, Gabriel guided him. When no one has watched them in heaven, Gabriel took Castiel to came down to earth for the first time. Little Castiel was excited because it was his first time. Gabriel decided to down to a small island.
Dean reaches Cas’ hand on the table and intertwines their fingers, “Babe, our high school love stories were better than all of them,” he half-whispers.
“that for our room, Cas. Wait, I’ll make one,” explains Charlie, “Dean, maybe you should explain all the basics to Cas again.”
from other angels. And God? He just kept quiet. But Raziel knew in his heart that he was doing the right thing.
Castiel gets up from his chair, “Of course you are my favorite, Gabe,” he wants to say something to Michael, but it stops when he heard a prayer buzzing in his grace.
Castiel frowns his brows, “Yes, but he is my son now! What’s the matter?” he postures his body in defense.
They all nod, silently accepts the offer, “What about the instruments? Do you really think it could work with Raziel’s other things from heaven?” Sam asks.
“I guess you already figured some out on your own that this is from my mom’s family side?” and Castiel nods at that, “his name is Benji; I don’t know about his friends. But, my uncle said Benji only invites his closest friends. Let’s assume—at least there will be 10 people; What do you think we should do? I think a party sounds a bit too much —don’t you think? I could only think—why don’t we just hang out? Maybe some pizzas and chips or maybe barbeque or s’mores? What do you think, babe?”
Gabriel loves Castiel so much. It's not like Gabriel has favoritism for his youngest brother. But, to Gabriel, Castiel was the most innocent baby brother he ever had. Gabriel raised Castiel and Gadreel with his own hands.
with pasta; it was a Russian version of Beef Stroganoff. It’s not because he is Russian, so he made Russian meals, but because, in the original Russian recipe of Befstroganov, they did not use alcohol in it. (Dean told him about Benji’s sobriety, so he didn’t make some meals with wine or other liquors in it.)
Dean drops his hand from Cas’ shoulder, finishes his beer. Brooklyn, it’s a long way road for sure. Right? “Alright, we should hit the road as soon as possible, Brooklyn is—”
Dean keeps his hand busy while tells Castiel; he installs their own WiFi because there’s no signal at all here. He pulls out their toiletries and places them in the bathroom and others. And Castiel just sits on the edge of their bed and listening to his boyfriend. It’s not like Cas didn’t do or help anything; It’s just their thing. For now, Dean is way better in this, so he did it. But if something they think Cas’ way better than Dean, that’s it, Cas will do whatever that is.
“Our new coach is a bit –a dick. But we are awesome, so he is quiet,” Dean says. He washes his hand and then dries them, “we won four times this morning.”
“Wait, you said your name are Dean, Sam, and Castiel?” asks Simon, this time with a face full of excitement.
. Jack and I will bring you there,” Cas stands up and puts back on his trench, “Come on, we are not wasting our time!”
“You heard the angel, Sam?” Dean leans back on his chair, takes a sip of his beer, “What you got, Cas?” asks him. Cas shrugs off his trenchcoat (today he wear the royal blue trench, and if it didn’t make him looks—more gorgeous and pop out his
“Hello, Alexander,” greets Castiel. He smiles and gives a little head bow to his friends. Alec wants to respond, Of course. He just didn’t know what to say to the Angel, “My apologies, I was a bit late.”
Yes, Benji is upset, very very upset. A week before his graduation day his parents told him that they couldn’t come because
interest in the kitchen, and she does! They’d cooks every Sunday. It starts with a simple meal like PB&J. Claire likes it with Jelly, just like Castiel, but James likes it with Jam.
Benji shakes his head, “I don’t know. Now, let’s get inside,” with that, Benji leads them all to the door. Benji tilts his face, confused because the door is not locked.
Dean laughs, he can’t hold it anymore, Clarie is too adorable. She covers Dean’s mouth with her hands to stop him from his laughs, “Shh… silent Dee, or I won't share my pie with you.”
Castiel goes to the backyard with Dean. They combine two picnic tables so they could use them for all of them. When Cas back inside, he meets Benji’s friend in the kitchen, he doesn’t know who he is but by the look on his face, he seems familiar with the kitchen’s environment, maybe he does like cooks as well?
Magnus let them get into his loft; It’s cozy, but not really his style, too many antique things, but they didn’t come here to commentated this warlock’s loft, so, whatever. Magnus shows them to his living room, and of course, it’s never as smooth as we expected; there are other Nephilims already sits on the couch.
Dean looks very exhausted; his eyes a bit red, dry, maybe because he stares at the computer too long. Castiel cups Dean's face with his hands, “you are doing a great job,” he says. Castiel turns to the stove, there was still some pie filling left in the pan, and takes a spoon for Dean, “try this.”
Sam nods beside him, “Clary, Jace, Cas said before you are the ones who met Raziel, correct?” and both of them nods, “Where is he? And did you need to summon him first or just met him?”
attractive. They have two native languages, English and Russian. Cas, he fluent in Spain, and German and Jimmy is fluent in Spain, Japanese, and a bit Korean; he learns it before they on their vacation to South Korea.
, it’s his and Jimmy’s favorite; their mother’s recipe is the best. Tefteli was a traditional Russian meatball; they are different because they add rice to the ground meats, which gives them an incredibly soft, rich, and juicy texture. And he made
“And I have wings,” says Jack with his gleeful grins after Castiel explains about him. All of them knew that Jack loves his wings.
So, because there are not many Supernatural-Shadowhunters crossover fics out there, I made one on my own.
When they were cherubs, the archangels raised them. Michael was responsible for Ezekiel, Raphael for Gadreel, Raziel for Samandriel, and Gabriel for Castiel. However, most of Michael’s and Raphael’s times—were used for heaven's business, Raziel and Gabriel taking over Ezekiel and Gadreel.
Minutes later, after Sam talks to Maggie to take control for a while and passes some tasks to her, they are all ready to go. And just like that, Cas and Jack
life, but was too stubborn to asked for help after Mary died). Henry taught Sam and Dean all about their family and trained them about
When the apocalypse was over, Raziel disappeared, so did all his Nephilims. All heaven knows, Raziel died in the apocalypse.
Victor chuckles at that. it’s clear that Victor’s people skills are not way better than Cas’, “Yeah, you are not the first person.”
“Yes, for real, his name is Magnus, he is bisexual, now he is out and proud in Brooklyn with his husband. We are both still in contact now, funny thing, his husband’s just like me; blue-eyed, black-haired—"
It was Charlie’s idea to have one segment to plays games with Castiel every Tuesday and Thursday; to get Dean close with Castiel. Her personal mission.
Castiel smiles to himself, he just—happy, “Don’t worry Michael, I prevented him to turned heaven to candy land or something tooth-rotting.”
They talk about college; Mia planned to go to Stanford because her father was a president in Standford. Dean told her that Sam is at Stanford, so maybe she could know other people than his father in there, for starters. Lake and Andrew want to be with Mia if it’s possible. Felix already got a full scholarship in GSU.
Benji shakes his head, no, “No, my dad said, we only need to show up there; maybe he already set up something in there? I don’t know!” he rolls his eyes, still upset at his parents.
actually, I’m a seraph. And I’m here to ask you a question,” answers the trenchcoat guy again, “Where is the Archangel Raziel!”
And Castiel, too. He tilts his head, trying to understand the situation, “Who said that was a crime?”
Clary looks at his friends, eyes pleading for her friends’ help, “We need the mortal instruments to summon him. And we don’t have them anymore,” Izzy helps answer the questions.
Castiel rolls his eyes because he already knew the answer, “I kinda found a new recipe. What do you think about Swedish apple pie?”
, he already sacrificed too much for one apocalypse; he doesn’t need another. And deep down, Dean still blamed himself for the first apocalypse; because he is the
Since then, Castiel had been fighting side by side with the Winchester brothers. Castiel would do anything to protect Dean and Sam.
“Turn out, it was Azazel doing, one of the Princes of Hell,” Alec sees Simon rest his gaze on Magnus for a moment and smile at him like he tries to assure Magnus, “Anyway, Azazel had a mission from Lucifer, to open the Gate of Hell. And he needed special people to did that. I forgot the pattern. Azazel nearly killed them, Dean was in a coma, but his father traded his soul to Azazel; to save Dean’s life. After John’s death, Sam and Dean were keep hunting, later they found out that Azazel did something to Sam when he was a baby because Sam had this psychic ability, so were the others.”
Castiel frowns; pie is not enough for a graduation party, at least for him, “I think we still need a cake.”
William Winchester and Odette Winchester; were the first Winchesters. They were directly made by Raziel, from his own blood with his own hands. Like other Raziel's Nephilims, they were
On that island —Gabriel showed Castiel animals, plants, insects, and many others that lived on earth. Castiel liked honey bees. He thinks they were unique, plus they have four wings, just like him and his brothers. And they were black and yellow, just like a combination of his wings color and Gabriel's.
“Do you believe them?” Izzy cut the heavy silence before he did. And he thinks about it too, did he believe them?
At 27, Dean moves into Castiel’s house from his apartment, turns James and Castiel’s study room into Dean’s studio. Dean has these
; if you want me to get along with your cousin, I vote your hang-out idea,” Castiel rolls over their bed while scrolling his phone. He opens his Pinterest and scrolls his recipes pin.
Dean locks the Impala before he reaches his hand to hold Cas’ and intertwines their fingers, “My cousin’s graduated from high school, and his parents couldn’t make it. Poor him, I know. So, my uncle asked me a favor; this. To make a graduation party for him, plus we got permission to use the master bedroom, and this cabin is awesome. Figures it would be a surprise for you and him as well, he doesn’t know I’m here, but he and his friends will be here tomorrow at lunch.”
“We should go. We are supposed to get Michael from the cage,” Gabriel stands up from his seat, gives the others a questioning look.
Dean nods. He agrees with him. Grow up, Castiel only have each other’s back with Jimmy; they have their dream graduation party because they don’t have any. And he kind of can see himself in this Dean’s cousin’s situation right now; he needs to do this right.
“Of course you deserve me, Dean,” Castiel places his hands on Dean's hips, “because I know that you love me. In return, you deserve all pies in the universe,” he gives Dean his gummy smiles.
"So, we all fight side by side to lock Lucifer back into hell. When the apocalypse was over, Raziel disappeared, as did the Nephilims he created, in this case, your ancestors. We thought he was dead. That's why now we are looking for Raziel, because yesterday, we felt his presence, somewhere on earth, we believe he is out there, and he is still alive," Gabriel looks at the Nephilims in front of him, who exchange their glances with the other.
Cas can see that this boy’s eyes go wide and his face goes red, and it makes him chuckles because it makes him remembers Dean’s reaction when they first met, “easy there, I don’t bite,” he jokes, “what’s your name?”
Dean brings down the plates and sets up the table, but Dean frowns at the sight, “isn’t this looks too formal for you, babe?”
“And for Jack; short story, they killed Lilith when Castiel was in heaven, without knowing that killed Lilith was the last seals for Lucifer’s cage. Michael convinced Castiel that this apocalypse--was meant to be, and they couldn’t stop it. Lucifer tricked a woman, Jack’s Mother, to produce a Nephilim because they are so powerful. And then, Jack was born.”
The lunch goes really well, they all eat happily, and of course, they all are love his cook. Mia, she definitely a fan of him because she like cooking and tries things in the kitchen. And there are some things about these teenagers that draws his and Dean’s attention.
“You can do that?” Magnus asks, looks surprised, “Time travel? Doesn’t it will ruin, um… What they said—natural order? Or whatever?”
. In your case, basketball. You can be great on any basketball team. And if you want me to give you advice, you could play for UCLA’s team; because UCLA is in LA,” he winks at Victor, “You see my motives here guys?” and everyone laughs at Cas.
At 10 AM, Benji leaves his house and goes to Victor’s to picks up his boyfriend, Felix, and Pilar. He gives Andrew notice that he is on the way. Swears to God; he tried—tries to not looks grumpy or
When the apocalypse was over, Raziel disappeared, so did his Nephilims. All heaven—was mourned, especially Ezekiel and Samandriel. The two were the closest seraphim to Raziel. The Seraphim did not give up on looking for their brother on earth. They were spread out all over the world. Until finally, Castiel found one pair of Raziel's Nephilim around North America. They were
Still, in the same year, Charlie, Dorothy, and Dean invite Castiel to go to Dubai with them for new year’s eve. On that night, under hundreds of fireworks in the sky, Castiel and Dean share their
“Don’t forget, tomorrow, around lunchtime, at my family’s cabin,” Benji informs the table while places his friends’ orders. He drops himself beside his boyfriend, sighs —right now are almost 9 PM, and today is unusually a slow day but he feels sooooooo tired.
happy for his twin and his best friend. James is moving out from their house, fortunately, not too far, James only 10 minutes away from Castiel. Months later, James and Amelia drop the big news; Amelia got pregnant!
They walk towards each other, meet in the middle, and kiss one another. It’s just it. it’s just their thing for a long time, “Yeah, I caught you,” Castiel gives Dean a peck before he steps back and grabs their cases to their bedroom, “so, tell me about this cousin of yours and their friend.”
Dean takes a spoon full of pie filling from Castiel, for an instant, his eyes are light up, “wow, babe,” Dean peck Castiel’s lips, “this is so fucking delicious!”
Everyone looks surprised to hear Gabriel's words, “You don’t know?” he asks, “Good, it’s proof for you that you can’t judge people just because their parents are from hell. You might be surprised that Jack here way better than all of you here.”
Jimmy decides to be a cameraman because he does nothing in the kitchen. He shoots some ingredients before they use them and every step closely.
“Alright, come here, you all, let’s do a group hug,” says Dean. He moves Benji to his side. So he could hug his boyfriend and his cousin in his arms, and the others join them after that.
, they have the overdramatic first meet because Dean stabbed him in the heart with the demon knife. After a long talk, Castiel finally convinced him to go to Kansas, to the
Victor is the first person who speaks, “Hey, I understand. A part of it, at least. About being from a religious family and from minority races. I feel grateful that I still have my family. But, you are our family too,” Victor offers him his genuine smile.
“—PIE!” Clarie bounces his body, she looks very excited. And it makes the Novak twins wides their smiles.
, the way they stare at Dean, in a second, Dean can tell who's Cas and who's Jimmy. It’s not that Dean too hopeful or too confident that Cas has
“I know,” he replies, “that’s why I want to make this work, this graduation party or hang out or whatever this is. Because I know what it feels, graduated without our parents.”
“Cas, how about we travel back in time? Yesterday, right?” Without waiting for the seraph's answer, Sam fishes his phone from his pocket and make contact with people in the bucker to check their ingredient stock.
. Until this morning, Gabriel and I found Raziel’s Nephilim in Brooklyn. And we got their exact location. At first, I wanted to go there right away, but Gabriel said I should ask for your assistance. Well, I actually
Dean and Castiel’s relationship is still a secret from the public. But they did tell their subscribers that they have a boyfriend.
apocalypse after my Father created human, he was just gone like that, not returned to heaven ever since,” Cas’ words cut his nasty thoughts.
“I could back to heaven and bring you your grace from your cabinet. What do you think?” Castiel offers. He can’t help Gabriel and Jack to heal Michael. Angels could heal their fellow angels with the same range—except healers angel—and he was a Seraph; that’s why he can’t heal an Archangel. At least he offers some help, right?
Izzy sighs and answers, “Said the Clave. They were more like the government for the shadowhunters, Nephilims like us.”
This time Clary reaches her hand out and lets Cas hold it. Clary closes her eyes, and Cas’ eyes begin to glow with his grace. It’s only a few seconds before Cas let out Clary’s hand and mutters something under his breath.
“Bens, do not open the master bedroom. it’s ours!” Dean gives him his cheeky grins, arms on Cas’ shoulders, and kisses his cheek.
The Winchesters, their extended families, and their colleagues build four bunkers of the man of letters all around the world; they are in Lebanon (Kansas, USA), Armidale (New South Wales, Australia), Canterbury (England, UK), and Arkhangelsk (Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia). Each of them—was ­
. They were superior angels, more powerful than angels, but not as powerful as archangels. They were created by God
The shadowhunters’ reactions are priceless, except Simon. He looks like he is deep in his thought, “You go first, Gabe, I need to say something to them. Cas and Jack will fly us there.”
, so, these Nephilims called themselves Shadowhunters. And there’s a specific government for them, like a magic minister in Harry Potter, maybe? Dean can’t help but be curious all about these Shadowhunters' world—are they did the same thing as the hunters did? And where the hell they were all this time?
At 25, James’s first daughter was born. He gives her name, Claire Novak. She has pretty blue eyes like the Novak twins and light blonde hair like Amelia. Castiel cries when his niece is born, James hugs Castiel, and they cry together. It’s hilarious and heartwarming at the same time.
Just a few seconds after he said that, he hears the sound of fluttering wings behind him, and he reflexly turns around and finds the Angel behind him.
Alec looks at his friend, asks a silent question. Before he answers, the Angel adds, “But, I should warn you, Michael was still not used around humans, I mean, you
Dean Winchester, 27 years old, bisexual, Aquarius, Gryffindor, ESTP, love pies, part of The Hunter e-sport team.
, It’s on Gabriel’s face too, “Your warlock friend right there was Asmodeus’s son himself, the one princes of hell, and you all are quite close, I see. What the difference?” Gabriel postures his body, ready to fight, ready to smite everyone.
Alec looks over them and then looks over his friends, and finally, he looks at them first, “They are the other Nephilims,” he informs them, “This is my sister, Izzy. My parabatai, Jace Herondale. His girlfriend, Clary Fairchild. The last here, Simon Lewis.”
Gabriel told Castiel that he had to know the earth first. So he could protect humans one day. Gabriel told Castiel that humans were so
One day, Raziel came to God and explained his plan to created an army of half-human half-angel on earth to fight Lucifer's army. This plan got many pro
He got new friends from Pride Festival in California. They are; Charlie Bradbury, she is a Gamers YouTubers, she had won some international games tournament. She has a girlfriend named Dorothy Baum, and she is a writer. And then there is Benny Lafitte, who is a chef. Castiel offers Benny to accompanies him for his YouTube cooking segment since Amelia gets Pregnant. And the last, there is Dean Winchester, to Castiel, he is the most gorgeous human alive in the world! He is best friend with Charlie and Gamers YouTubers and in the same gamer's team with Charlie.
It’s not that easy tho; He and Charlie have to pass some tests in their quarantine for months with other hundred peoples. And, thank God, to keep miss fortune on his side, He and Charlie get into the same game team (Dean was on the male team, and Charlie was on the female team).
He looks at Cas, the seraph gives the shadowhuntes his gentle smiles, "There is no crime in that, don't worry, I can assure you about that. I practically raised Dean from hell, rebuild his soul and body, and he remains whole and perfect."
Magnus presses his lips to a tight line, “I think it’s something to do with the fact that Lucifer was an Archangel. The Princes were just Angels, Lucifer’s loyal followers. The longer an Angel in Hell they would transform themselves and become a demon, to balance themselves with Hell’s environment. Or maybe it was something to do with the cage?” Magnus surges.
It takes 50 minutes for them to arrives at the cabin safely; Andrew’s car is right behind his. Benji knit his brows when he sees an unfamiliar —yet, it feels familiar— car park in his cabin’s driveway.
“Morning, Castiel. Such a lovely suit you have there," Magnus greets the Angel back, "And we need to talk to you.”
on earth. Secretly, he also made a mystical land as a home for his Nephilims; to protect them from demons and
“Only Michael, we don’t need Lucifer out from his cage again!” Dean nearly screams at this point. They need the archangel,
head tilt thing when he is confused, while Jimmy likes to tilt his head when he explains something to others. And the most oblivious, the way they stare at others.
“Because there were too many racist people in there, in my town where I lived. I mean, they were okay with LGBTQ+ things, but when it comes to races, it’s a different story. Magnus is half Indonesian, born in Spain. Me?” Cas huffs his breath; actually, this is a sensitive topic for him, “I’m Russian, and no, Russian is not
The sound of fluttering wings cuts Sam’s words. It’s Cas and Jack, of course, “We don’t need Lucifer,” says Cas sternly.
From there, Dean learns so much about the twins, especially Castiel, of course. There’s a video about Castiel –or as he prefers, Cas– and Jimmy's past, about their parents, and all. The twins only have each other this whole time; their parents died when they were 16. Since then, their godparents took care of them. But they are on their own again at 18, and it is clear, Jimmy cares about Castiel and vice versa.
“Maybe it was an imposter or weaker version of him; think about it, he was Prince of Hell, do you think it was that easy to kill him? Because it took Sam and Dean years. The weapon they used to kill him? Called The Colt—was the only weapon in the world that could kill him, and they kept it save in the bunker in London now,” argue Simon.
Benji shakes his head because he didn’t know! But, He doesn’t know why, right now, his heart’s beats so fast he almost couldn’t breathe, “Okay, get out. Let’s find out.”
apocalypse. But this time, it was completely different. The last time Lucifer came out from hell was nothing to do with humans. So the angels could immediately intervene to lock Lucifer back in hell. After that, God made hundreds of seals on earth to minimize the possibility of Lucifer walks free on earth again.
“Shut up, Benny!” Dean rolls his eyes, “well, I just knew. Because this is your first time. I’m sure you will be the crew.”
He participates in a local tournament with Charlie. They offer plenty amount of money for the winner, and he wins at that time. From there, He and Charlie get offers to join The Hunter. And of course, they take it.
“So, from the start,” Simon shifts in his seat, position himself so that he faces all of them, “Their mother died when Sam was a baby, and Dean was 4, it was pretty awful actually, knowing that all of that was real. She was killed—by a supernatural being with yellow eyes in a fire. Since then, their father, John, was obsessed—to find the thing that killed his wife. Until one day, he disappeared on his sons. Oh, Sam once left Dean and his father- for college, but then his girlfriend was killed- by the same thing, who killed his mother. They are the same as us, but they are—wider; they hunt demons, rough vampires, werewolves, djinn, ghosts, wendigo, witches, ghouls, etc.
“Thank God, I cook for 12!” Castiel mumbles after it’s just him and Dean in the room. He walks back to the kitchen.
When Castiel lay his eyes for the first time on the Winchesters, Castiel knew this family would be so powerful.
"I’m sure they are okay," he reaches Alec’s hand and squeezes it gently, "By the way, have you have dinner, Alexander?" Magnus raises from his seat and walks towards his kitchen counter.
“So, get this, Benji and Victor are boyfriends, Victor and Mia are exes, Mia and Andrew are girlfriend and boyfriend, Andrew and Lucy are exes, Lucy and Lake are girlfriends, Lake and Felix are exes, and Felix and Pilar are boyfriend and girlfriend?” Dean resumes all of their stories. The eight teenagers are giving Dean a nod at the same time.
So he decides to be a dick too, for his family, "—Can you at least keep those lips closed for a while? They were there when you, Nephilim, were created for the first time. Stories that you and your cocky head know now could be wrong,"
She leans to Dean’s ear, “Uncle Cas, help me. Daddy can not cooking like uncle Cas and Mommy,” she whispers with giggles.
Gabriel sits between Jack and Castiel. Dean sits side by side with Sam on the couch next to Castiel. Meanwhile, Magnus, Alec, and their friends positioned themselves on other couches. Magnus snaps his fingers again, and there’s a lot of drinks for all of them on the table.
At 21, James dates Castiel’s best friend from his Culinary School, Amelia. Since then, the twins always makes their video with Amelia. Castiel, most of his relationships are fails; because most of them only take advantage of Castiel’s fame.
Sam rolls his eyes, ignores his brother, "Cas, can I ask you something? What’s the difference between them and Jack?" of course, Sam will be curious about that because Castiel and Gabriel refer to these Sahadowhunters
Charlie helps Castiel to enter their room code. They also invited Dorothy, Garth, and Lee —they are Dean’s teammates at The Hunter— to play with them.
, and their no filter mouth. Now all the Nephilim and the warlock look pale, their eyes locked at Jace and Clary as well, "
It was early summer, still, at his 24, when Charlie and Dorothy forced Dean to join them to go to the Pride Festival. Says;
“Missed you too, baby brother,” Dean kiss his temple. He pushes him out from the hug and waves his hand, “and congratulation! All of you!” and he grins.
“Is he— your friend, too?” asks Castiel, tilt his head to his side with his curious eyes, and it's so
Silent fills the room after Dean, Sam, Castiel, and Jack leave. Alec lost in his thought, It just a lot, like—tonight is supposed to be the celebration of their winning over Valentine, but then the
Alec positions his bow ready when he sees the strange people in front of him pull out their strange blades, “Who are you? What do you want?” asks Alec.
“I’m Charlie, and here my girl Dorothy and my bestie, Benny. Benny here who the one who tells us about your channel. He is a chef, and he likes to remake your cooks!
Cas can’t help his laughter, and Dean pinches Cas’ backhand, “Yes, I am. What’s the point of being bisexual if I’m the one who always fuck my partner,” Dean shrugs his shoulder like it was nothing.
“—CLARIE!” both Castiel and James –or Jimmy– chuckles. Clarie wears a blue flowery dress and yellow apron with cute little bees on it. She looks so pretty.
the seraph since we were cherubs. When Lucifer brought the apocalypse on earth for the first time, he made a Nephilim army from his blood —101 pairs of them, we fought side-by-side with them; and when the apocalypse’s over, he just disappeared, along with his Nephilims.”
. Raziel knew how his Father created humans, how his Father created angels—because he is God’s secret keeper.
At 26, Castiel finds out that he can do this on his own. Dean and Charlie teach him how to play some games and do the live stream every Tuesday and Thursday. And Castiel will do his cooking segment every Saturday. Sometimes Dean, Charlie, and Dorothy accompany him to taste his meals. They always go to the Pride Festival together every year, without Benny, because he is now engaged to a beautiful woman named Andrea and too busy with the restaurant.
Castiel stands side by side with Jimmy. They smile at Dean and Clarie, “great guy you have there, Cassie,” Jimmy whispers, and he smiles.
When Dean meets Jimmy for the first time, it was at the twins' 25 birthday, Dean can immediately tell the difference between the twins.
Gabriel and Castiel share a look like they have a little discussion in their heads, “May I see them?” Castiel reaches out his hand, “I would like to see them from your memory.”
Gabriel let out his shaky breath, "Thank you, Dean, Alec," Gabriel glares at Jace before he continues his story.
Gabriel smiles tiredly, he takes Jack’s hand on his, “I’m sorry, kiddo,” and then he turns to face the Nephilims, “Sorry, that’s rude I know, It’s Just a lot,” he stops for a second, Gabriel already predicts this situation, when he has to tell the story, "I think you all already know this story, but let me tell you again. So, back at the first apocalypse thousands of years ago, our brother Raziel made the Nephilim from his own blood, he received lots of pros and cons in heaven, but I, Castiel, Ezekiel, Gadreel, and Samandriel, as the closest brothers to him, we supported his plan. So he made Jonathan, the first Nephilim. And when things get more chaotic on Earth, Jonathan prays to Raziel for more Nephilims to help him. He was getting more and more cons from the other angels, but he knew he was doing the right thing. All and all, he created more Nephilims, he created 101 pairs of Nephilim on earth—"
He smiles again, “Thank you, Magnus. And about that... Actually, we are quite busy at the moment, we just bring Michael back from hell, and I'm afraid we couldn’t leave him alone in our place. Would you mind if I bring you to our place?” Castiel tilts his head and gives them questioning frowns on his face.
So they seal their lips for a moment. And the topic keeps flowing from one thing to others until they talk about their exes, and they ask about high-school love stories to the teens.
Castiel throws his body to the chair; his face looks so exhausted. It’s not every day Dean would see this side of Castiel because he never looks—
To Castiel, the Campbell’s cabin is too big to be called a cabin. There are six bedrooms with an ensuite in each of them, a bar with cabinets full of wines and liquors, a very minimalist-yet-very modern kitchen (which is instantly got a heart's eye from him), and a big backyard and living room.
