They keep walking, but now in silence. Dean thinks about what life will be like after the show. He thinks about leaving the show with Cas. He thinks about doing long distance. He thinks about only seeing Cas every month or so. He thinks about having to get on a fucking plane every time he wants to see Cas.
“I don’t know, man. Cas lives in New York. And we talked about me moving there. But is that a good idea? It sounds kind of risky.”
So maybe that’s why he came on the show. He needed things to change. He didn’t necessarily expect to fall in love. He didn’t necessarily expect to find someone or make a connection with anyone.
“Right. Well. Sam can help with the papers.”
“I think Jack would love to paint a bird house.”
“No. I didn’t have to murder all those angels. I felt like I did at the time, but I see now I had other options.”
“I know.”
Hometown dates are coming up, apparently, and the pressure in the house is building. Dean knows that he and Cas can’t stay much longer. He knows they’re getting down to the wire. They talked a few times since the rose ceremony and they keep circling back to the same problems.
“Can I help you find a lead on a job?”
“Did you get any time with Daisy?”
“Then we’ll paint bird houses. Whatever you two want,” Dean says and he’s really smiling now. “I’ll make you coffee with way too much sugar and we’ll sit on this porch and let the sun shine on our faces and we’ll enjoy the world we saved. We’ll stay here together. We’ll just breathe.”
Dean shakes his head. “Don’t. I’m sorry I went and kissed her. I don’t know why I did it.”
“Daddy, come help me.”
“That’s not who you are.”
But fuck that. If Dean has a chance to be happy, he’s going to take it.
Castiel doesn’t know how he’s supposed to feel while searching for a house. Despite Dean sitting him down the other day and showing him several episodes of House Hunters, Castiel still spent most of the day feeling lost. The other houses Dean brought him too were nice, but Castiel couldn’t imagine spending his life in any of them. He couldn’t imagine watching Jack grow up in those houses. None of them felt right.
“Thank you,” Castiel says.
And Dean doesn’t want to think about it, but he thinks about the possibility of Jess tragically dying. He thinks about Sam being left to care for a baby on his own. He thinks about Sam carting his child around all over the country to sleep in dirty motel rooms and eat greasy diner food.
Dean laughs as he watches Cas leave, and turns back to the view in front of him. He’s going to miss this view. He’s going to miss sitting on this balcony with Cas. He’s going to miss kissing Cas on this balcony.
As Castiel walks up the stairs, he takes a moment to admire the framed pictures aligning the wall. He looks at the photos of the family who currently lives here, the children in the pictures going from kids to teens to adults and then holding babies of their own. Castiel smiles to himself as he imagines the children who grew up here, and he thinks of his own son. He thinks of Jack’s pictures on the wall documenting his life. He imagines pictures of himself and Dean and Sam, and all the friends they lost along the way.
“Yeah, she’s hot. And funny and kind,” he continues. His mind drifts to Cas.
Except Cas, of course. Now that he has Cas’s friendship, he’s not letting that go any time soon. He knows he wouldn’t be able to forget Cas even if he wanted to.
“You wouldn’t?”
The producer doesn’t answer him and instead asks, “Well, some of the guys have noticed you and Castiel not participating much. Do you think you’re here for the right reasons?”
Dean nods, tears in his eyes. Happy tears. His life is changing so quickly and there are so many good things happening and Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been so overwhelmed. He wraps his arms around Cas’s neck and brings him closer. He breathes in Cas and takes a moment to hold the other man closer to him. He feels grounded when Cas’s arms wrap around him too.
The thought should scare him, but it doesn’t. It excites him. Having these feelings excites Dean and it makes him feel a kind of happiness that he’s never experienced before. A kind of happiness that Dean thought he could never have. A kind of happiness he thought he never deserved. Dean can only wonder what he’d be feeling if Cas truly does feel the same way.
Dean can’t find the words so he just nods as they watch Tanner leave. Dean sighs and leans his head on Cas’s shoulder. He closes his eyes and tries not to think about what could happen later. He tries not to think about Daisy. He tries not to think about the rose ceremony. If Dean’s certain about anything, it’s that he’s not wasting any more of his time waiting around during stupid fucking the rose ceremonies.
“Dean,” Castiel says, and he puts a hand on top of Dean’s. Dean lets him. “I am a killer too.”
Dean laughs slightly. Daisy joins him at the back of the group and they watch a few other guys take turns golfing. Dean vaguely thinks about how Sam convinced him into coming on the show by telling him that some of the dates include flying to other countries and getting private concerts. Yet, here Dean is, playing fucking mini golf. Just his luck.
It’s late. The sun has set. Dean can hear commotion coming from downstairs. Daisy is back from her date and they’re technically supposed to be waiting to greet her.
“I think Daisy is gonna give me a rose,” Dean blurts out.
“Yeah, man. Kansas. Surrounded by nothing but dirt and tumbleweeds.”
He approaches her slowly. He knows the other guys are watching. He feels Cas’s eyes on his back.
Dean’s still a little surprised in himself for going through with it. It’s certainly not his scene at all. He can’t imagine the people in his life watching him on the show in a few months.
“She died when I was four. House fire. Something in the electrical, I think. Dad tried to save her, but couldn’t,” Dean says. He stares at the ground. It’s hard to comprehend that he’s talking about his own life. “I wanted to be a firefighter for a while after that. But I don’t know. It never really panned out. I don’t think I could be in the business of saving people. I can barely look after myself,” he continues. He tries to joke and keep his tone light, but Cas sees right through him.
But things are good right now and Castiel knows his plans to move out will rock the boat. So, he plans to bring it up gently.
Dean glances up from behind the bar and Daisy is smiling at him. She’s twirling a piece of hair in between her fingers. Dean takes a moment to look at her face and notes that she’s really fucking beautiful. Apparently, she was the runner-up contestant on last year’s season of The Bachelor, and it’s beyond Dean’s mind that she didn’t win the show. Who wouldn’t want her?
Cas actually laughs at that. “Seriously?” He shakes his head slightly. “Are you going to have a job when you go back home?”
So, instead, to ignore all of his thoughts, Dean leans forward and kisses her. He doesn’t know if he’s technically allowed to kiss her, especially on the first night, but she’s deepening the kiss so he figures it’s okay.
You’re not crazy.
“Congrats on your rose, man,” Dean whispers.
“Um,” Dean starts. He clears his throat. “This show’s about Daisy. I’m here for Daisy.” Lies.
“Maybe down by the beach. Somewhere out of sight.”
Dean chuckles. “It’s ridiculous. I don’t know why they wanted us to make accounts since we can’t even have our phones in here.”
Daisy nods. “I look forward to them more than when I was on the other side of it.”
“Thanks for the drink,” she says to Dean as she’s being led away.
So, Dean tweaked their weekly movie night from westerns and action films to Disney movies and cartoons of talking animals. There’s a list on the fridge of every Disney movie that Dean intends to show Jack, and they’re very slowly crossing them off one by one.
“You should enjoy yourself,” Dean says.
Dean doesn’t get how someone like Cas could possibly like someone like him. He doesn’t understand how Cas can see all of his broken pieces and still think he’s beautiful. He doesn’t get it. But that doesn’t mean he has to push Cas away.
But mostly, he’s seen his hands covered in blood, even when there was no actual blood spilled. Castiel imagines his brothers and sisters swimming in an ocean of their blood. He imagines it washing over his body and drowning him. He imagines the blood of the humans he’s killed, and even some demons. He imagines his skin permanently dyed red.
Though, he supposes, that means he’s wasting his time too. But it doesn’t really feel like a waste.
He needs to get out of there. He can’t watch Cas getting ready for a date with someone else. The someone else that they’re supposed to be falling in love with.
“The hell did we walk into?” Dean whispers to Cas. They’re standing in the corner of the room. A part of him wonders if this fight is genuine, or if the producers encouraged the guys to start shouting.
Dean looks away at that. He’s never had a person say these kinds of things to him. When he’s dated people in the past, so many of them focused on his looks. He got used to being called pretty. Dean would accept the compliments and reject the emotional intimacy. But he’s never been called beautiful. Not like this.
Cas hums at that, but doesn’t say anything else. Dean stands with him in comfortable silence and it’s nice. He almost forgets that they’re technically filming a TV show. That is, until one of the cameras joins them on the balcony and suddenly Daisy is there.
“Since when have you been afraid to do something risky?”
In fact, Dean is encouraged to drink and find Daisy and have a conversation with her. He wonders if the producers are supposed to be influencing him. He wonders about the purpose of producers when this show is supposed to be about finding love naturally.
“He’s my best friend,” Dean says honestly.
“Let me get you another drink,” Dean says as soon as Cas finishes the one in his hand.
Dean holds the eye contact with Daisy until she looks away to get back on the bus. As soon as she does, he feels like he can breathe again. He brushes his hand against Cas’s, just to have something to ground him.
“I’m Daisy,” she says. As if he doesn’t know.
“Hi guys,” she says sweetly. Dean’s a little surprised to see her without some guy attached to her side.
God, he’s so fucking in love with this man, Dean thinks he might implode. He kisses Cas and holds his face close. He just holds him. He lets himself feel Cas’s face and lips against his own. He wants to spend the rest of his life feeling Cas pressed against him.
Cas nods. “I’m from the east coast. We don’t really have mountains.”
“I love you too,” Dean says.
He surprises himself when he says it, but it’s true. And if he’s picturing Cas’s face when he says it, then no one needs to know.
He has a room and a seat at the kitchen table and his name carved into one of the library tables, but Castiel used to wander around the bunker hallways at night and wonder if this is what home felt like.
Dean doesn’t really know what to say in response. He keeps smiling, but the idea of this show moving into real life feels strange to Dean. It feels weird to think that he could potentially be engaged to this woman in just nine weeks. The idea doesn’t sit right with Dean.
Dean looks away at that. “Sometimes I don’t know if I want to keep being a mechanic,” he says honestly.
“I’d feel guilty if you uprooted your life for me and then we broke up.”
“Thank you, Daddy,” Jack smiles, a few stray tears still in the corner of his eyes.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “But I still feel like we won.”
“I think I’d like to move away from the east coast.”
This time they find themselves in the basement. The door leading downstairs was locked, but that’s never stopped Dean before.
“I wouldn’t,” Cas says easily.
“Yeah, we’re guests. We were invited to this house. It’s fine,” Dean said.
He came on this show in search of something. Maybe not love, but Dean was definitely looking for something to shake things up. He fell into a rut in his twenties. It was way too easy to spend a decade sleeping around and drinking his feelings away and ignoring his emotions. It was way too easy to push people away and pretend he’s not the broken little kid he once was.
If he gets a rose. He looks at Cas again and Cas is just staring at the ground. He doesn’t move for a few seconds, but then he starts walking. Dean watches the guys in front of him move forward, but he can’t. He feels stuck. He didn’t mean for things to end up like this.
Daisy twirls the final rose in between her fingers. She stares at the ground for a while before looking up once more. Her eyes dart across the room and Dean tries to keep his nerves under control.
“You having regrets?” Dean asks. He keeps his tone light, but he already knows Cas’s answer.
Dean chuckles. “My brother went to Stanford. It’s about five hours from here. You’d like it up there.”
“Do I now?”
When the sun rises in its entirety, the producers direct everyone to the campgrounds where they have breakfast waiting. Dean sits with Cas at their own picnic table, and he doesn’t care what anyone thinks.
“Do you want to accept another rose?” Cas asks, his voice wavering slightly.
Oh, and they’re required to hang in and around the great room. Dean is specifically told by a producer that he and Cas can’t “wander off” like normal.
“Dean, why would we stay here if we’re only on the show for each other?”
“Perfect,” she repeats. She looks happy.
“Can you come with us?”
“Would you like to go somewhere and talk?”
“Hot?”
But Dean supposes that this won’t be his only chance.
“No, Cas, listen.” He takes a deep breath. He’s never been this open and vulnerable before, but Dean knows he needs to lay his cards out. “I feel like I’ve spent my whole life in some dark room just stumbling around and searching. I didn’t even realize I was living like that until I met you.”
Moving back to Kansas was kind of depressing, but Dean didn’t really want to stay in California alone. Sam and Jess were moving back so Sam could study for the bar and decide which state to take it in. Jess was applying to different PhD programs after getting her masters in social work and working for a couple years.
Dean nods. He slides her a glass of wine and pours a couple beers for him and Cas.
“I can help you. Please, let me help you.” He hesitates and then turns his hand so their palms slide together. Dean’s the one to lace their fingers. “You deserve good things, Dean, no matter what you think you’re actually worthy of. We can have this.”
Sam breaks him out of his daydream. “I gotta go. Jess just walked in.”
Dean smiles and pretends he’s paying attention to the conversation. Someone ends up handing him a glass of wine and he tries to keep himself from downing it in one gulp. He needs something to settle his nerves. At least he feels a little more solid after talking to Castiel. Dean thought all the guys here would be empty and vapid. Castiel is the complete opposite of all those expectations, and Dean can’t help but feel drawn to him.
Dean looks like he’s gearing up to say something, but then Jack interrupts them from the backseat with an announcement that he has to go to the bathroom and Dean immediately goes to tend to Jack. Castiel watches Dean take Jack into the house and gives himself a moment to admire the house in front of them.
The bus drives up most of the mountain and Dean is thankful for that. He’s never been a big fan of hiking. Sam and Jess used to hike constantly during their semester breaks. Dean joined them on occasion, but it didn’t feel like the magical experience that Sam promised it would be. It also didn’t help that Dean felt like a third wheel.
Dean barely knows the man standing next to him, but he doesn’t think he would last a week here without Cas.
Dean grew out of that quickly. His dad was gone enough that Dean spent more nights being Sam’s protector rather than just a kid.
“Hey,” Dean says softly, just for Cas.
“Yes, Jack?” Castiel asks, Jack bringing him back to the present.
It’s clear that they like each other. A lot. Maybe even love each other. And it’s clear that they don’t want to lose each other. And Dean is scared that talking everything out will ruin things. He’s scared that they won’t last beyond this place. He’s scared of losing Cas because now that he has him, Dean refuses to let go.
Dean’s heart stops.
Dean chuckles. “So where are you living now? East coast still?”
Instead, he feels the guilt that all parents feel when their child gets injured.
“How was your date today?” Dean asks, changing the subject.
Except Dean’s a big fat liar because he knows he’s not here for the right reasons. He’s standing across the bar from a gorgeous woman who he has no intention of marrying. He’s telling her to give Cas a rose because he wants more time with Cas. He wants another week with Cas. He doesn’t want to think about leaving the show and going back to Kansas while Cas goes back to New York. He doesn’t want to think about any of it.
“What are you worried about?” Dean asks.
“I came here to get engaged. If any guy in this room is here for a reason other than Daisy, then they should escort themselves out right now. That means you, Ellis,” Mason says.
“I think that’s how a lot of parents feel.”
Dean hopes for a lot of things. But bad people don’t deserve the things they hope for.
Dean isn’t familiar with the show. But he did his research and he knows he’s supposed to make an impression. He knows he’s supposed to make some grand gesture to impress the girl and separate himself from the rest of the contestants. He was told by the producers that nearly nothing is off limits. Apparently, this show is about proving you’ll do anything when it comes to love.
And then they’re free to run away together.
Dean feels his heart sink a tiny bit. “Yeah?”
“And you know what else is missing?” Dean asks after the band-aid is applied, along with another on Jack’s arm because he insisted on wanting to have Ariel on his arm too.
Dean gets a group date a few days later. He was prepared. He saw it coming after Daisy gave him a heads up.
“I don’t really care that I didn’t get the rose. It’s just nice to have a conversation. I feel a little more secure about my place here, which is good. I don’t really want to go home yet.”
But Dean was being dragged away by one of the producers to have a one-on-one interview. He’s already done a few of these this week and it’s kind of annoying. They constantly ask him about the drama going on in the house or his feelings for Daisy, and Dean doesn’t have much to say about either topic. His mind can only focus on Cas.
Dean looks at him and his breath hitches. He didn’t realize how close they were sitting.
Jack deflates at this, dropping his Legos and hanging his head. Castiel’s heart breaks at the sight.
Cas doesn’t say anything about his weird behavior and unusual silence, which Dean appreciates. He wouldn’t know what to say anyway. He definitely can’t tell Cas that he doesn’t belong with Daisy, but shouldn’t go home yet. There’s no way in hell Dean is going to allow himself to be so vulnerable around a guy whose last name he doesn’t even know.
More like, Dean doesn’t want to lose Cas. More like, Dean doesn’t want to let go of Cas now that he has him. He can feel in his gut that they are meant to end up together, and he is not letting anything ruin that.
Dean smirks and gently rolls his eyes. This makes Cas smile too. Dean decides he really likes Cas’s smile.
He and Cas head downstairs and into the great room. There’s no alcohol or Daisy, which is unusual, but Dean tries to not let it bother him. He focuses on his breathing. He focuses on Cas right next to him.
Dean kisses Cas. “I want to move to New York.”
Despite everything, as long as he has Cas next to him, everything is going to be okay.
“Yes.”
It has to mean something, but maybe it doesn’t. Maybe Dean is forcing it to mean something.
A few guys were already given roses this week. Cas was one of them. Dean stands next to him.
“Where are you going?”
“I was really disappointed when you didn’t win today,” Daisy says. She’s holding onto his hand, even after they sat down.
“What is that, like religion and shit?”
“Sam. Listen to me,” Dean starts. He waits for Sam’s breathing to even out before he says anything else. “Everything’s gonna be okay. You gotta trust me.” Dean pauses. “Yeah, our dad sucked. But we turned out pretty alright.” He can practically hear Sam nodding through the phone. “If John Winchester can raise good kids, then anyone can raise good kids.”
They don’t get a chance to talk later because after the rose ceremony, Daisy is ushered away and the rest of the remaining guys, all seventeen of them, are told that filming has commenced and there will be another date in a few days.
“Well, what if you have multiple visitors? Like Sam or Claire or-” Dean stops in his tracks.
“It’s a hard habit to break. I’ve taken care of Sammy for as long as I can remember.”
“I am,” Dean says. The familiar warmth of the past few days spreads through his chest again. “I definitely found what I was looking for.”
“And you’re okay with that? Us moving so far away?”
“Good,” Cas breathes out.
Dean laughs because they’re already way past personal. He’s lying on a couch in a therapist’s office and crying about how he was daddy’s blunt instrument.
Dean shakes his head. “No way, man. My car is my life. Been working on her since I was a kid.”
“What are they gonna do, arrest us?” Dean chuckled.
And underground bunker filled with an unknown number of supernatural objects is no place to raise a child. It’s technically the safest place on earth, but there’s danger around every corner and it’s way too easy to get lost and there’s no sunlight. Jack deserves to have the sun shining on his face.
“Don’t let me interrupt,” he jokes.
“Yeah?”
Being stuck in the house all day does make him feel like a prisoner, but Dean supposes it’s better than having to play the game. He’s exhausted after the group date yesterday and he isn’t sure if it’s from walking around or pretending that he’s all-in on this reality show crap.
The mansion’s private beach is really far down off the property. Dean wonders out loud if they should be heading down there. This time it’s Cas, holding his hand and pulling him toward the beach and insisting that it’s fine.
Dean smiles slightly to himself. He’d never get tired bragging Sam. “I have a little brother, Sammy. It’s weird being away from him.”
All his thoughts are panning back to Dean, as they often do, and Cas wishes yet again that he could have Dean. His longing is so strong that it claws at his insides and makes Castiel almost wonder if he could die from it.
“I’ve been warned.”
He thinks about moving to New York for Cas. He thinks about having to find another job out there. He thinks about leaving Sam back in Kansas. Morbidly, he thinks about his parents’ graves in Lawrence. He thinks about how he can go wherever the hell he wants, but his parents will forever be stuck in the ground in Lawrence.
He heads to Jack’s room first. As much as Castiel is hungry and thirsty and tired and not awake enough to handle a hyperactive toddler, he is still first and foremost a parent. That means he always puts Jack first.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says. “I guess I’m not as good at mini golf as I thought,” he jokes.
“Daddy’s showing us houses!”
“Please, Daddy?”
Dean feels like he’s listening to Sam. Sometime during high school was when Sam started getting annoyed at Dean trying to take care of him. It culminated into a huge fight a week before Sam left for Stanford when Dean announced he was tagging along.
“I love you too, Sammy.”
He’s desperate. “Just tell me I’m not crazy.”
It’s not really impromptu if they were given a warning last night, Dean thinks, but whatever. He’s not going to be on this show much longer. Soon enough, he’ll get back to the real world. And then he can start a life with Cas. Dean smiles at the thought.
One of the producers knocks on the door just as Dean finishes straightening Cas’s tie.
Dean shrugs. “It’s a bit much.”
“Daddy,” Jack says, looking back up at Castiel. “You have to kiss it too.”
“Wow, you’re a professor? Of what?”
Dean nods. Cas smiles and hugs him again, congratulating him.
Dean just looks at him.
Cue a crying Jack, Dean and Cas rushing him to the infirmary, and Dean carefully bandaging his foot while Jack is held in Cas’s lap.
Dean just wants to sleep as soon as they get back to the mansion, but Chris Harrison is waiting in the driveway with a bunch of cameras. He’s holding a rose. Dean silently curses.
But nothing stops him from continuously looking over at Cas.
He flashes a smile at her and shrugs. “What do you wanna know?”
“It’s not just that,” Castiel says. “Jack deserves to be raised in a house like a normal kid. After everything, the least I can give him is a normal life.
But he also really doesn’t want to think about Cas falling in love with Daisy.
“What do you think Mason meant?”
He’s still scared, though. Cas hasn’t said anything either and maybe he’s scared too. They established that they’re not crazy, but nothing has been said beyond that.
He decidedly doesn’t look back. Daisy leads him to a more secluded area outside the mansion. Dean can’t stop looking at the rose she’s holding. He knows what this means. The first impression rose.
“This is different.” Dean’s quiet. He doesn’t know how to explain why.
“Yes,” he says with a nod. He doesn’t know what else to say so he opts to just keep smiling as Daisy goes to pin the rose to his jacket and then leans forward to kiss him.
“You spend your holidays at a bar?”
Dean chuckles. “Your parents must have hated you.”
Dean kisses him softly and Cas returns it for a few moments. Then Cas stands up and walks back toward the house. Dean watches him.
“I know there is a rose ceremony tonight,” Cas says. “I got a rose the other day. Technically, I’m safe.”
“Ellis.”
Dean glances at Cas. Not for the first time, he’s left wondering if Cas is truly only here for Daisy or if his priorities are other places. Dean’s certain that his own have shifted in his time here. But he doesn’t really know what that means.
“You can have it.”
“Grayson.”
“I’m sorry they’re saying those things. It’s mainly just Mason being an ass and Chase trying to cause drama,” Tanner says. He stands up and takes a few steps before turning around again. “Don’t take it too personally.” He pauses like he’s considering his next few words. “I hope you guys find what you’re looking for here.”
“It’s pretty cool,” Cas says. “There’s so much culture. My university gets me free admission to most museums so that’s how I spend a lot of my time.”
Before Dean can form a response, a producer interrupts them and asks them to join the rest of the guys in the main living room for filming purposes. Dean tries to be casual and rolls his eyes as they walk over. Cas gives him an understanding smile.
Dean knows that’s all he wants. He just wants to be with Cas. He wants to exist next to Cas and just watch him be. Dean thinks he would be content if he were to spend the rest of his life just watching Cas be.
But Sam does. Sam thinks he’s discovered the secret. Sam thinks that since now he’s an adult, he can try to take care of Dean in the same way that Dean would always take care of him.
Bullshit. In Dean’s eyes, Sammy is still the little brother who needs protecting. It doesn’t matter that Sam is three inches taller than him. Dean can tower over him any day.
“Sorry,” Cas says. Dean stays silent.
“How’s it going?” Dean greets, smiling.
Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get over how fucking boring the rose ceremonies are. On TV, they’re less than ten minutes, but Dean knows these are hours of his life that he’ll never get back.
Dean and Cas open up to each other. There's another rose ceremony. Dean feels very conflicted.
Castiel smiles and he aches for the future they’ll never share. He aches for the future that will be him and Jack alone in the kitchen eating cereal. Dean brings so much life to an underground bunker, Castiel can’t even imagine what he would bring to their home.
“You don’t?”
But Castiel can fake sleep no more once Dean deposits Jack on the bed and the toddler lands on his stomach.
But the only thing Dean is really focusing on is the rose pinned to his jacket.
“I love hiking,” Cas says.
Dean doesn’t need any other motivation to get out of bed. He’s up and Cas is grabbing his hand and soon enough they’re on their balcony. Dean sighs as he relaxes against the railing, Cas next to him. Their arms brush together and Dean has never felt so content in his life.
“You won’t owe me anything. I want to help you.”
Anyway enjoy the chapter! Feel free to leave a comment and/or kudos!
He practically told Cas how he felt. And Cas practically said it back.
They walk on the beach in silence for a little while longer. Dean knows they still have a lot to talk about. They still need to talk about what their plan is for leaving and if they are going to do long distance and how this is supposed to work. They need to talk about how a relationship between them will work.
Dean doesn’t say anything. Castiel follows his eyeline back to Jack who is now sitting in a small patch of flowers.
“What if I move to New York and things don’t work out?” Dean says.
On the day of the rose ceremony, Dean is woken up by Cas before the sun has even risen. He groans tiredly and rubs his hands over his eyes.
“I don’t think so, Jack. But they’ll visit us.”
“I’m sure we’ll have our moments like any other couple. But the most important thing is that we like each other and want to put each other first.”
It’s a mini golf date, which is kind of lame, but Dean’s happy to get out of the house. Even if it means he has to be around Daisy and a few of the other guys. Maybe he can hang back and put in no effort and let one of the other guys win. Maybe he can make it through this date and get back to the mansion and find Cas and apologize and actually have a conversation with the man.
Dean doesn’t really know what that means. He’s never had those kinds of feelings before. It almost scares him.
The rest of the date is spent in the arcade next door. Dean strikes up a conversation with one of the guys, Parker, who isn’t hyperfocused on Daisy. It’s a breath of fresh air. Until Daisy taps Dean on the shoulder and asks to speak to him.
Dean’s quiet. He tugs at a thread on his shirt and glances up again. Cas is still looking at him through the door. Dean already feels more at ease with just one look to Cas.
“I look at my hands and they belong to a killer. A monster. These hands weren’t made to nurture and raise a child.”
“I know. I just feel kind of guilty.”
“Dean,” Cas whispers. His voice sounds pained.
Cas keeps staring at him until Dean eventually gives up and looks at him quickly. Cas doesn’t say anything, but he drops his hand from Dean’s shoulder and walks into the great room.
“Hang on, buddy, you ranted to me all day about how much the beach sucks,” Dean says. Watching Cas and Daisy hit it off makes Dean feel a lot of feelings that he isn’t able to name. They both give him an odd look.
“What if I want to stay here?”
Another guy pipes up from behind them. “I watched her last season and immediately had feelings for her. I applied as soon as they announced she was the next bachelorette.”
“I like long walks on the beach. How about you? Love, Daisy.”
“Can we live in a castle?”
“Yeah?”
“I think it’s almost perfect.”
Dean nods. He’s heard that before. Hell, he’s said it to himself and Sam has repeated it a number of times. But Dean still feels like a sissy for thinking of himself as abused when he never went to bed with bruises.
“Well, I’m excited,” Dean says. He smiles. “My baby brother is having a baby. Wow. You’re gonna be such a good dad, Sammy. And I’m gonna be the best uncle.”
“Hey,” Dean says. Cas turns to him. “No matter what, it’s always going to be only us. Okay? No one else. Nothing else. Just us.”
“Elijah.”
Daisy laughs again and rests her head against his arm. She’s short enough that her head doesn’t quite rest on his shoulder and she has to look up to see his face. Dean stares down at her smile and he just. He feels so guilty. He feels guilty for not liking her in the same way she likes him. He feels guilty for not wanting her like that. He feels guilty for playing a game when he has no interest in the grand prize. A part of Dean wonders if he ever liked her. Even on the first night in those few minutes before he met Cas.
He tries to sound light and casual, but he knows he doesn’t care about this shit. He kind of hopes Daisy doesn’t give him a rose. He kind of hopes that Daisy eliminates him and Cas. He really, really hopes that Cas feels the same.
Dean knows there are a few certainties in his life. There are a few truths that make up a part of him. He’s a strong believer in free will, but there are a few aspects of his life that are beyond his control, yet Dean accepts without question. He knows he was born to raise his brother. He knows he was born to be a protector for all the people in his life.
Castiel gently puts down his vegetable peeler and glances at Jack whose attention is back on the bowl he’s stirring. He looks back at Dean. “I’ve decided that Jack and I are moving out of the bunker.”
“Dean,” Cas sighs.
He goes back to his place in the midst of other guys. He feels like he can finally breathe again once the next guy is called and everyone’s attention turns to him.
“Yeah, it was the only way I could get through to you. I figured they’d put you on the phone if I said it was an emergency.”
“That’s what big brothers do, man. We do what we think is best.”
Dean can’t wait until he’s back home and he doesn’t have to worry about strapping a microphone onto his clothes. He can’t wait to get back to reality. He can’t wait to start a real life with Cas.
“I think people are not only defined by the choices they make, but also how they react to the consequences,” Castiel says. He squeezes Dean’s hand. “You’ve atoned, Dean. You are good. You are the greatest man I have ever known. You can let yourself wash away the blood.”
“Your brother is on the phone. It’s an emergency. He says he’s in the hospital.”
“No,” Cas says firmly. “But I’m going to miss this view. I’m going to miss this little bubble we have where it’s only us.”
“I don’t know, man,” he sighs.
More guys follow suit talking about how beautiful Daisy is and how much they’re already falling for her. It’s almost too much for Dean. It feels so incredibly fake and he can’t get over how phony this whole experience feels. It pisses him the fuck off to sit around with these pretty boys who had everything handed to them on a plate. Maybe he made a mistake. He’s in way over his head.
Castiel just looks at him. He doesn’t say anything.
“What?” Cas whispers
“And we can watch princess movies there?”
There is blood on his hands.
“Yes.”
Dean laughs slightly. The truth can be hard to hear, especially coming out of someone else’s mouth. “Sometimes I feel like my life has never been mine.” He can’t bring himself to look at Cas’s face. “When I was a kid, the things I wanted didn’t matter. It was all about Sam. And I was okay with that. I still am. I forced myself to grow up so that Sam could be a kid for as long as possible.”
“Tanner.”
Dean and Cas spend most mornings on their balcony, just looking out at the mountains. But this is the last morning, so they spend a little bit longer there. They postpone the inevitable, just a bit longer. Dean’s going to miss this view, but he’s still going to have Cas.
“Cas,” Dean says immediately. He blushes and looks away. If Dean is getting a rose, then Cas better fucking get one too. “Castiel is great. And genuine.” A pause. “I think he’s here for the right reasons,” Dean says, because that seems to be what everyone wants to hear.
Dean grabs his suitcase from under his bed and immediately starts packing. Not that he ever really unpacked. Growing up in motel rooms taught Dean how to live out of a suitcase. If packing quickly was a sport, then he and Sam would have gold medals.
Dean nods. They’re walking slowly along the beach. They’re not holding hands, but they keep brushing their arms against each other. They keep looking at each other and smiling. Sometimes, Cas stops him and kisses him. Dean feels like he can’t breathe.
“I’m the one who possessed him, Dean,” Castiel says, aching again. Jimmy Novak is one of his biggest regrets and Castiel knows he will live with that pain for the rest of his life.
“It’s gonna be fine, Sam. It’s all gonna work out. You’ll read the parenting books and you’ll learn on the job. You’ve got Jess and you’ve got me,” Dean says.
“Where’s Cas?” Tanner asks.
Dean feels bad for thinking it, but he hopes Cas doesn’t get it. Yes, he wants Cas to stay at the house, but he doesn’t know how he would feel if Cas actually made it through the whole show, proposed, and lived an apple pie life with some random girl.
He’s cut off by fucking Chris Harrison, and Dean just wants to grab Cas’s hand and run away from this whole nightmare together.
Nothing to do besides spend time with Cas. Dean has no complaints.
“You’re not a morning person,” Cas states like a fact.
“Wouldn’t have pegged you for a city guy.”
Even as this, maybe he can be enough for Jack.
Castiel barges into the kitchen at that moment to save Dean the trouble of answering. And to also save Jack from Dean’s rejection. Jack doesn’t need the pain of Dean rejecting him to his face. Castiel is intimately familiar with that pain.
Dean feels calmer every time after he talks to Cas. Maybe it’s the way Cas’s brain works or the sound of his voice, but there’s something about the other man that makes Dean’s panic disappear. The details and logistics of uprooting his life don’t seem as important. Cas is what’s important. As long as he has Cas, not much else matters.
“Yeah, but not New York, man. You seem way too calm for that.”
“I’m not accepting another rose,” Cas says simply.
Dean nods. He knows Cas is right. Dean has spent so many years running from confrontation. He got used to hiding and ignoring and avoiding. But he’s a different person now. He cares more. He feels more. Dean knows he’s grown up a lot in the past few years, but he feels like he’s aged even more in just the past month.
Dean sits on his bed and rubs his hands over his face. He doesn’t want another rose. He doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to continue any sort of romantic relationship with Daisy. He just wants to be with Cas.
“Yeah?”
Hello hello. Hope y'all are doing well. Enjoy this chapter!! I don't really have a set schedule for updating. I just want to update as often as possible. My job doesn't start for another couple weeks so I don't have anything else to do besides hang out in my apartment and write destiel fic. I'm not complaining though, it's a lot of fun.
The guys are milling about the place as Daisy bounces around, trying to get a moment with each of them. Dean steps outside to one of the balconies and notices Castiel standing there, staring out at the mountains. The artificial lights surrounding the mansion light up the area enough for Dean to see Castiel turn and look at him.
“She’s calmer now. She’s been on the phone with her mom for a while now. I’ve just been pacing around and freaking myself out.”
“I’ve pictured it before, you know. A normal life. You, me, and the kid.”
“Got room for one more?” she asks, a note of playful flirtatiousness in her tone.
“You could talk to her during the cocktail party tonight,” Cas suggests.
“I don’t know how to take care of a baby. What if I forget to support its head and it snaps its neck? Or what if I can’t teach it how to walk and talk and it doesn’t grow up right? I can’t do this. I can’t be responsible for a human life,” Sam says, his voice getting louder and louder with each sentence.
“I’m sorry for kissing Daisy the other day,” Cas mumbles against his lips.
He wishes Cas were bi and into him.
“Yeah?”
Daisy breaks off the kiss after a couple minutes. Dean knows he has an electric smile and flashes it for her once again. She blushes and leans forward to kiss him once more.
Dean wonders if Cas is straight. He hopes not. Maybe he and Cas could leave this show together. Maybe in another lifetime they could have met in normal circumstances.
Dean’s heart drops. “What?”
“This is breaking and entering.”
“No long walks on the beach for you then,” Dean jokes, and Cas lightly checks his shoulder with his own.
“Yeah,” Cas says. Dean turns to look at him. “I’m glad I got to talk to Daisy today.”
“What the fuck.”
Castiel doesn’t need to hear the rest because he already knows. He’s always known, but he was never able to stomp out the last shard of hope that lived in his chest. But at least now he has an answer. He turns and leaves. He walks back downstairs, ignoring the pictures of the children, and steps outside to the back porch.
Maybe it would be good to make space between him and Cas. Maybe it would be good to put all his time and energy on Daisy, the person he’s actually here for.
“I’m thinking about Sam having a baby,” Dean eventually says.
It was a few short months ago that Dean pulled the trigger on a Disney Plus subscription because, “Someone’s gotta teach the kid to be pop culture savvy.”
“Well, I know for a fact there is a group date later this week. You won’t have to be lonely too much longer.”
Sometimes Castiel thinks that Dean has to know. There’s no way they’ve been allies, friends, and family for twelve years without Dean once wondering about Castiel’s feelings. There’s simply no way.
He looks at Cas again. Blue, blue, blue eyes. He smiles and Cas gives him a tiny smile back.
Dean tries not to stare at Cas as he falls asleep because he knows that’s creepy, but he also can’t tear his eyes away. He can’t stop thinking about how everything he has ever wanted is sleeping in the bed next to him. He’s only known Cas for a few weeks, but Dean thinks he’d give up anything for him.
Cas’s name is on the card and Dean is not okay with it.
Cas is quiet for a moment. “I really like what you said before about stumbling around in the dark.” He smiles. “I think I can relate to that sentiment. I didn’t really notice until now. But I was really lonely before I came here. I was just going through the motions of work and nothing else.” He pauses. He reaches up and touches Dean’s shoulder. “I didn’t expect to fall in love here. I didn’t expect to make a connection with someone here. But after meeting you. I don’t know. It’s like I was blind before.”
“Leaving,” Dean whispers back, truthfully.
“Of course.”
“Enjoying your night, Cas?” Dean asks, the nickname rolling off his tongue.
The sky is no longer black, but now different shades of medium blue. There’s a hint of orange in the distance, and it reminds Dean again of sleepless nights spent in the Impala. It reminds him of waking up at sunrise and watching the sky change from night to day. It reminds him of his years spent living in California, driving up and down the highway during the middle of the night, just so that he could watch the sunrise in the morning. It reminds him of the loneliness he felt every time he watched the sky change.
They’re on the same balcony from night one. Cas likes it a lot, and Dean shamelessly follows him around blindly.
Dean nods, not trusting himself to speak. Instead, he places a hand on Cas’s arm. The thought of staying in Kansas is sounding less and less appealing. It’s not like there’s any reason for staying in Kansas. Besides Sam and a few friends. But Sam talks about leaving. He and Jess have talked about leaving Kansas ever since the three of them moved back.
She smiles back and pins the rose to his blazer. She leans forward and gives him a hug.
Sam just laughs and Dean feels more at ease, excitement bubbling beneath the surface. That is, until Sam turns the conversation onto him.
“I don’t mind it. Upper Manhattan really isn’t that crazy. I’m a professor at Columbia so I don’t tend to venture below 110th street.”
“Not this early. Not twice in one week,” Dean mumbles, still holding his hands over his eyes.
What does it mean that Dean decides to stay for reasons other than Daisy?
“I’ll miss you too, Jack.”
The rest of the men are silent. But the one being shouted at, Ellis, is just shaking his head in amusement.
The next time they get a moment alone, Dean wants to say something, but he can’t.
Dean doesn’t know much about her. He knows her name is Daisy and she was apparently the runner-up on last year’s Bachelor.
“Guys, you’re really not supposed to be down here,” the producer starts.
“No. I think it’s a waste of everyone’s time.”
Tanner claps him on the back before anything else can be said. “Then that’s all that matters.” He gives Dean a knowing look.
“I’m more used to regular golfing. But I guess I’ve done this once or twice,” he says, nodding to the rest of the guys.
Dean understands. He doesn’t want to be here any longer either. But is he really about to uproot his entire life for one guy? Is he ready for that? Is he ready to move away from Sam and be truly on his own? Dean doesn’t want to rely on Cas the way he relies on Sam. He knows he relies on Sam a lot, maybe too much. And he doesn’t want Cas to be the reason for his happiness. He wants happiness along with Cas, not because of Cas.
When Dean wakes up the next morning, Cas isn’t in his bed. He doesn’t even give himself a chance to change out of pajamas before leaving the bedroom and walking down the hallway and out to the balcony.
“So, you don’t care that Mason is accusing Ellis of being here for the wrong reasons?”
Cas nods at him. “Long night?”
In his initial interview with the producers, he didn’t tell them that he’s bi. It’s not that he’s ashamed. But he’s definitely not comfortable enough to announce it on national TV. He’s not in the closet, but he does have some reservations about being out and loud and proud. Especially when he’s living in a house with a bunch of overly heterosexual men.
“Colin.”
Cas turns to him. “I’ve never travelled much before. I’d like to see the Rockies.”
Jack, of course, just nods excitedly. “Can we get Krunch Cookie Crunch?”
“What?” Jack tilts his head.
“I slept on the floor of Gabriel’s dorm for about a month after that. I stayed with some cousins for a while. I went home eventually and it was never discussed again.”
“I’d love to meet him one day.”
Dean looks down at his lap and tries to ignore the warmth he feels in his face. He’s not used to people noticing him. And he’s certainly not used to being so strongly drawn to someone. But he and Cas are in this together. They’re like battle buddies. Dean can appreciate forming bonds in unusual circumstances.
“Hey, shut up.”
“Why, too simple?”
“Definitely,” Dean says, casually bringing an arm up to wrap around her shoulders.
Dean brings up the house listings a few days later and Castiel still doesn’t know what to think about any of it.
Dean shrugs. He’s used to people apologizing. He grew up with the pity that comes with having a dead parent. He doesn’t remember his mom that well. It’s hard to mourn a woman who’s face he barely remembers. Instead, Dean mourns the loss of what could have been. He mourns the loss of Christmas mornings and trips to Disney World and family dinners. He mourns not having a normal childhood and not allowing himself to be a kid. He mourns the fact that he had to grow up when his mother died and had to be a surrogate parent to Sam while their dad was gone.
Cas reaches out a hand and places it on Dean’s arm.
“Did you see any you liked?”
Cas did end up relaxing. Especially after three drinks. They lie on two couches facing each other and stare at the ceiling.
“Sam nominated me for the show,” Dean says. “I had my doubts, but when I found out you were the bachelorette, I knew I had to come on the show.”
Sam’s quiet. “Yeah,” he says like Dean’s stupid. “Daisy. You’re literally on the show.”
Daisy turns away and gazes around the room. “I really like Cas,” she says after a moment.
Daisy smiles politely. Dean can feel himself boring her. This is definitely not the same as hitting on some random girl in a bar. That’s a game Dean knows how to play. He’s feeling a little lost here.
Cas shakes his head. “I know some landlords. And it’s not that expensive. Rent in upper Manhattan can be less than a couple thousand a month.”
This guy is different. He’s sitting upright and he isn’t smiling. He looks like he’d rather be anywhere else. Dean can relate.
Dean seems somewhat relieved. “Well, then, I’ll do some house hunters recon. Trust me, Cas, I’ll find the perfect home for you and Jack.”
Dean likes Cas the more they talk. He hasn’t spoken much with the other guys in the house. Even with the cameras off, it seems like the show is the only thing they can talk about. Daisy and falling in love and dates and roses. It’s really fucking boring, and Dean can’t follow conversations where the guys talk about previous seasons.
Castiel walks forward, silently sitting down. He stacks a few Legos on top of the structure Jack’s working on.
“So, are you leaving soon then? If you like this Cas guy then there’s no way you’re getting a rose, right?”
“I gotta tell you, man. I’m really competitive.”
Dean slowly leans forward and kisses Cas. Slowly, softly, gently.
“Can’t it wait, Dean?”
“I mean, you’re probably not going to win either,” Castiel continues with a shrug.
“Dean,” Cas sighs.
“Why did you come on the show?”
“Sometimes I wish I could have things. Things that I never imagined wanting,” Dean says. He almost whispers it.
“Theology.”
Turns out, attending several open houses in a row with a toddler is exhausting. Especially when said toddler turns clingy and insists on being held.
Daisy laughs. She leans into Dean’s side and holds onto him as if his body is supporting her. He feels her staring at him, but he can’t stop looking at Cas to confirm his suspicions.
“He’s excited to meet you too.”
God, he needs to chill. He remembers he used to be like this a lot when he was younger. Back when he was still in the closet and even more guarded, yet also more vulnerable. Back when he was easier to break.
Still, Dean thinks it’s probably for the best that he takes the night and sorts out his thoughts and decides what he wants to say to Cas.
Daisy looks back at Tanner. She gives him a genuine smile. “Tanner.”
“Because I want to figure out what the hell this is,” Dean says, desperately. “I don’t want to go back to Kansas and have you go back to New York. I don’t want to lose this.”
“I haven’t seen you guys all day,” she says.
Tanner comes out to the balcony after a while and Dean doesn’t even bother moving away from Cas. He just can’t be bothered to give much of a shit anymore. Not when he has Cas and they’re leaving as soon as Dean can have a conversation with Daisy.
“And that doesn’t mean you can be one now?”
He pictures Dean’s blood on his hands. Dean, on his knees and beaten and begging for his life.
“I think I am as well.”
When the room is too dark to see the words on the page, Dean hides the book again and heads out onto his and Cas’s balcony. He sits and looks at the mountains. He can’t believe that people live next to mountains. He can’t believe that people get to look out their bedroom windows every morning and see beauty like this.
Dean doesn’t. He grew up on the road. All over the place. Constantly moving around. Not for the first time, he feels ashamed for his childhood. He was the kind of person to go places and temporarily insert himself in other people’s lives. Not that he really had a choice since it was John dragging him and Sam all across the country in search of nothing.
“Dean?” she says, his name sounding like a question.
“Yeah,” Daisy nods, smiling. “I love this place. I grew up on the beach here. It’s nice to be somewhere that reminds me of home.”
Dean still takes a moment to steal a glance from Cas before walking forward. He walks slowly. He thinks about Cas. Thinks about kissing Cas and confessing his feelings to Cas. He thinks about how kissing Cas feels like the most natural thing in the world.
The producer is near the mansion’s front door, scrolling lazily on her phone. She barely glances up.
“Isn’t she beautiful?”
The mansion is beautiful. He can’t believe that people actually live here. His childhood home could probably fit in the great room of this place.
“Yeah. Went on some rides. You wouldn’t believe how loud Dean screams on a roller coaster,” Cas says.
“Good,” Beckett shrugs.
It’s a huge game that Dean has little interest in playing. Sure, he likes Daisy and he likes talking to her, but he isn’t here to make drama out of nothing. He’d rather just hang out with Cas.
Cas’s eyes soften. They always do when Dean says something kind like that.
But he gives himself a few moments to look away. For one moment, he looks at Chris Harrison, who is staring back at him, which makes Dean feel slightly sick. Another moment, he looks at Tanner, who is looking at Daisy in the same way that Dean looks at Cas. And for one last moment, Dean looks at Daisy, and she’s looking at him expectantly. Like she was waiting for the moment that he would finally look over at her.
Dean finds him a few minutes later with Jack in his arms. Castiel’s heart jumps at the sight. Dean walks out to the grass and sets Jack down. Castiel refuses to look at Dean as he makes his way back over. He stands at Castiel’s side, leaning against the railing, and the two of them watch Jack wander around the backyard.
They’re lying in their bunks now. They’re not looking at each other even though Dean really, really wants to stare at Cas. Sometimes Dean tends to overthink.
“I don’t think so,” Dean answers.
He doesn’t really know why he says it. He’s a little pissed that Cas was chosen for this date, and he feels like he has to say something. He thinks that telling Cas to enjoy himself is the mature thing to say.
A sharp breath. “Your dad will be there with you,” Dean says.
“I want that, Dean. Please.”
Dean looks away, a smile spreading across his face like he’s powerless to stop it. Maybe he is. He squeezes their hands together.
Let me know what you think!!! Feel free to leave a kudos/comment!!!
“I know you made jokes about fucking Chris Harrison, but I swear,” Sam laughs. Dean cuts him off.
“I still think you’re beautiful,” Cas says. He presses a kiss into Dean’s hair. “You’re still beautiful,” he murmurs.
Cas smiles like nothing can touch him. “I know.”
He wonders how Cas feels. He wonders if Cas is nervous about being sent home. He’s made it clear from their first conversation that he doesn’t think he’ll last very long. Dean just hopes Cas is able to stay.
He doesn’t want to go home. He doesn’t want to be here. He doesn’t want to be with Daisy or play this stupid fucking game anymore.
Cas is quiet. He’s looking at the ocean.
Now, though, Chris Harrison walks into the house with a date card, places it on the coffee table, and leaves.
“Daddy, it hurts.”
“What are you building?”
But Jack is a toddler and toddlers like repetition. So, they usually end up rewatching the same movie over the course of a few weeks. And currently, Jack is in a princess phase and his movie requests bounce between the different Disney princesses.
Except, Cas is still looking at him. His face doesn’t give away his thoughts and Dean is dying to talk to him.
“Yeah, sorry, you don’t need me dumping my shit on you,” Dean says.
Sam waits a few moments. “So.” Another beat. “Cas?”
He brings the idea up to Jack before anyone else.
Dean finds himself stealing glances to Cas for the rest of the rose ceremony.
At the very least, he knows that Cas didn’t kiss her for the same reason Dean kissed her. Cas didn’t kiss her out of anger and frustration and a little bit of revenge.
“Did we learn a lesson today, buddy?” Dean asks as he adds antibiotic to the cut.
“You’re so sweet,” she laughs.
Dean bites his tongue to keep from saying something too flirtatious. Maybe he should cool it with the drinks because he knows he’s getting dangerously close to making some comment about the things he wants to do to Cas.
Castiel pictures a swing set in the backyard. Maybe he’ll keep bees out here too. When he gets out of the car and looks around the front yard, he finds that the Impala looks right at home in the driveway. Again, Castiel ignores the pining in his chest.
He nudges his shoulder against Dean’s and they share a look. If the producers are forcing them to be a part of the show and participate in the drama, then at least they have each other. At least they can suffer through this together.
Cas smiles at him and brushes their hands together again.
Maybe Cas does feel something for her. Maybe he feels something for Dean. Either way, he accepts the rose immediately. At least they get another week together.
LMK what you think!!! Feel free to leave a kudos/comment!! I love getting feedback!!
They’re still standing there, smiling, and Dean hopes she can have it in her heart to forgive him after this whole thing ends. He hopes she won’t hold a grudge against him for toying with her feelings. Even now, in this mess, Dean knows he’s not going to end up with her. He knows that Daisy isn’t it for him. Not in the way Cas is. She’s really nice and doesn’t deserve Dean treating her like this. She doesn’t deserve a guy whose thoughts are stuck on someone else.
“Like what?”
Besides, it’s not like he’s going to be here much longer. There’s no way he lasts longer than a week or two on this show. Dean isn’t trying that hard to sweep Daisy off her feet. No. He’ll head back to Kansas and put this whole experience out of his mind. He’ll forget about Cas and Daisy and the cameras and everything else he’s gone through in the past few days.
“Hey.”
But then again, he also really wants to kiss Cas on top of a mountain during sunrise.
And so Castiel copies Dean’s movements, kissing Jack’s foot and then his forehead. Logically, he knows it does nothing. He’s no longer a healer. But Jack does seem to be more at peace after Cas’s lips graze his forehead.
“Because castles are too expensive.”
Cas shakes his head.
“At least you have your job waiting for you when you get back. My brother told me that some people actually quit their jobs to be a part of this bullshit.”
“Yeah, when I was a kid.”
He can’t leave. Not yet. He needs to talk to Cas. He can’t be sent home right now. He just needs a little more time. One more day, max. He just needs enough time to talk to Cas.
“Where’d you learn to pick locks?” Cas asks.
“Yes,” Cas says simply. He looks at Dean and knocks their shoulders together, smiling. “Guess I was right.”
“You have no idea how many angels I slaughtered in heaven. My brothers and sisters. My family. I killed so many.”
Cas leans down so his head is next to Dean’s. “Watch the sunrise with me,” he whispers into Dean’s ear.
Her look makes Dean feel exposed. But still, he nods and smiles at her and like he and Cas were just casually hanging out. Like Dean isn’t a heartbeat away from uprooting his entire life and moving to a new city for a guy he’s known less than a month.
Dean gets genuinely annoyed when he’s woken up a few days into the week by one of the producers and told to get “camera-ready.”
“So, is my baby gonna have an aunt as well?”
Cas stiffens at that and, if possible, stares even harder at Dean.
“You’re, like, a natural at that.”
“What are you thinking about?”
One of the producers eventually lets everyone know that it’s time to start heading back to the bus. Dean turns his head, his hand still on Cas’s arm, and catches a camera on him and Cas. Dean thinks about pulling his hand back, but he doesn’t. He glares at the camera until the cameraman turns away.
“Even if you don’t end up moving there,” Cas says, maintaining eye contact. “You’ll visit. And I’ll show you around.”
Dean takes a deep breath and glances around the room to find one of the cameramen standing somewhat behind a bookcase. Dean pushes down his instinct to give the guy the finger and makes his way into the next room.
It turns out to be a really fun day. If a friendship with Cas is the only thing Dean gets out of this experience, then he won’t be complaining. It sounds like the best-case scenario.
He doesn’t feel jealous that Daisy is off with another guy. He doesn’t think too much about her kissing other men here. He knows the show gets more intense as the weeks go on. There are hometown dates and fantasy suites and other crap that’s supposed to lead to an engagement.
He decidedly does not mention the nights he spent sleeping in the car with his dad and Sam. Their conversation is already getting uncomfortably close to family. Dean wants to avoid the subject as much as he possibly can.
Cas. Cas Novak. Castiel Novak on a date with Daisy. Dates mean kissing and opening up and intimate moments. Dates mean falling in love.
Dean was going to kill his brother.
Still, Dean wants to kill Sam. Because Sam and Jess are happily engaged and watch The Bachelor together every night with a glass of wine. And after several glasses of wine, Sam decided to go online and nominate Dean as a potential contestant.
“I’m really happy you guys are here,” Daisy says to the room. Everyone’s eyes are trained on her. “To me, falling in love is about finding your best friend. It’s about finding the person who makes you laugh. The person who puts you above everyone and everything else in their life. The person who is willing to sacrifice anything and everything for you.” Daisy pauses. Dean catches her eye. “That’s who I’m looking for. And I know that person is in this room right now.”
Cas rests a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You know I’m here if you ever need to talk.”
It’s confusing, and feelings scare the hell out of him, but Dean’s tired of holding himself back from being happy. He’s spent his whole life refusing to let himself be happy. For a while, he wasn’t sure he deserved happiness.
“I’m going to take a nap,” Dean says. He doesn’t trust himself to say anything else.
“Me neither.”
Dean purposefully sulks by the pool as Cas leaves the house. Not only does he have to think about Cas on a date, but he also has to spend the whole fucking day alone. Dean thinks he might lose his mind from the boredom.
“Did you have a good time today?”
Dean’s eyes find Cas who is standing across the room and watching them. He looks away and sees Tanner on the other side of the room, seemingly looking to Dean then Cas then back again. His expression is unreadable and it scares Dean. Even though Tanner didn’t even see anything happen.
There’s no bartender in the house so everyone has to make their own drinks, but Dean isn’t complaining. He feels more comfortable around the bar rather than the other guys except, obviously, Cas.
“It hurts,” Jack whines again.
Dean freezes the same way he does when he’s going into a fight. He turns to Castiel. “You guys going somewhere?”
“I’m not a parent.”
Dean can admit he wouldn’t mind being with her. And he’d probably be working harder to win her over if Cas wasn’t here. She’s trying to start a conversation with him and he’s still thinking about Cas.
So now, having to stay up all night to film some vapid reality show doesn’t bother Dean as much as some of the other guys here.
“Very interesting,” Dean mumbles between kisses.
“My brother and I took a road trip to celebrate him graduating college. Drove through California and Colorado and Wyoming and places like that. Drove through the Rockies for a while. It’s the middle of nowhere, but it’s so fucking beautiful.”
Dean joins him at the railing. “I know what you mean. I’m from Kansas. Flat as fuck out there.”
“I know what you mean,” Cas says. He looks at her intensely. “Sometimes it’s nice to be reminded of home.”
Castiel relents immediately. “Fine. One box.”
Dean points to a tree at the edge of the yard. “I’m gonna put in a tire swing there. And I bet I could build a treehouse for the kid too,” he says. “We can put out some bird feeders.”
He doesn’t look away. He stares right back at Cas. He refuses to stand down. He decides to go deeper.
Dean laughs because this whole situation is ridiculous. “This show’s about finding love, right? Why is everyone so focused on this petty drama?”
This is not natural at all, and sometimes it downright makes Dean’s skin crawl.
“I know what you mean,” Daisy says, earnestly.
Cas immediately perks up. He holds Dean tighter. “Really?”
Castiel doesn’t know how to bring up the topic of moving out of the bunker.
“Dean, I think we are both saddled to a life of misery if we don’t learn how to forgive ourselves.”
He knows Lisa would casually watch the show. He wonders how she would feel about seeing him on here.
They spend all their days together as it is, but Dean feels even more drawn to Cas now. Especially after the trauma bonding earlier. And it’s clear Cas feels the same way too since he doesn’t leave Dean’s side for the rest of the day.
He says it in a casual way. Like he’s not trying to hurt Dean’s feelings. He’s just merely stating a fact. Dean can appreciate that.
Tanner stares at him. “Right. Again, I don’t really care, but I just thought you should know that a few other guys in the house have been making some comments.”
“They announced the contestants, like, a week after filming started,” Sam laughs again.
Dean tears his eyes away from Cas to see a producer standing in the doorway with a phone in her hand.
“But it’s more than just that. I feel like I discover something new every day. When I walk around the city, I feel like I’m a part of something.”
He’s tired. He wants to rest. He is no longer a soldier. Now, he is a father and he wants to raise his son in peace.
“You seem to do that a lot.”
“I don’t want to give up my job.”
Cas doesn’t say anything, but he grabs Dean’s hand and squeezes it.
“Cas,” Dean says again.
“Just because he didn’t hit you doesn’t mean he wasn’t abusive,” Cas says firmly.
He looks down at her, blinks, looks up again, and Cas is gone.
“Where in Kansas are you from?”
“It’s nice to meet you, Daisy.” He keeps smiling for her. “I’m Dean.”
Dean suppresses every urge he has to grab Cas’s hand and run.
“What can I say? I’m a natural,” he smiles.
Dean blushes. Sometimes he forgets how fucked up his childhood was. Sometimes he forgets how judgmental other people can be.
“He just cares,” Dean finally says in response to Cas.
“That’s funny,” Dean chuckles, sipping his beer.
“It’s cool,” Tanner says. Dean silently begs him to not say anything else. “Daisy’s back. One of the producers asked me to get you guys.” Silence. “I’ll see you guys down there then.”
He knows Dean is familiar with words left unsaid, has mastered the unspoken language, and it leaves Castiel feeling like he has to play catch up. For all that Dean talks, Castiel rarely knows what is coming out of his mouth.
Leaving the show. Long distance. Surviving in the real world.
Dean tries to not get choked up at that. “God, I want to kiss you so badly,” he says. He doesn’t give a fuck about the mics.
But he can’t think like that. Dean doesn’t want to move with them. He doesn’t want to be a part of their little family. He doesn’t want to be Jack’s father. And Castiel can’t force Dean to be a part of something he doesn’t want.
Dean feels the panic rise up in his chest as he watches the rest of the guys start to walk forward. He looks at Cas who appears equally nervous. This isn’t how it was supposed to happen.
“Look, man, you don’t have to apologize,” Dean says again. He swallows the pain and the tears and forces a smile that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “We’re here for Daisy.”
“Not yet,” she says, shaking her head before walking away.
Dean almost chokes at the question. He glances up and catches Cas standing behind the glass door, his eyes trained on the floor. It’s one thing for him and Cas to sneak around behind closed doors. It’s another thing to tell Sam. That just makes this real. But that’s what Dean wants. He wants something real. He wants this thing with Cas to be real.
But the balcony doesn’t really matter. And if Dean does end up going to New York, then he’ll still have Cas. He doesn’t really need anything else.
Apparently, it is, because Daisy pulls back a few moments later and smiles at him. Before either of them can say anything else, another guy is approaching them and Dean silently thanks him for interrupting this conversation. He needs to get away from Daisy before he says or does anything that could get him immediately eliminated.
“Yeah,” Cas says softly. He stares at Dean for a while.
“Dean,” she sighs. She takes both of his hands. He looks at her. “I want you to know that I’m starting to really like you. I have these feelings for you and,” she pauses. “I could see myself falling in love with you.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
Or he could say yes. He could accept the rose. He could keep their relationship in its little bubble. Dean knows he’s not getting off this show without the drama of falling for one of the other male contestants. He knows the show will twist it into some big dramatic plot point for the show.
“Once or twice?” She laughs. “Dean, you already got two hole-in-ones and we’re only on the seventh hole.”
The producer leaves and Cas takes Dean’s hand again. He gives Dean one more kiss before dropping his hand and standing up.
“You promise to show me some good mountains in New York?” Dean asks.
“Hello,” Cas nods to her.
“I know,” Dean says.
“Cameras are rolling in ten minutes, guys. Make sure you’re downstairs,” she says, her eyes locking on Dean’s hands.
But this is different. Cas is different. Dean wouldn’t be following Cas because of a lack of purpose in his own life. He wouldn’t be following Cas for some self-serving reason. He’d be following Cas for them. For their relationship. For the future they could build together. Dean can make his own life in New York. He can be his own person with Cas by his side.
One of the guys picks up the card as Chris leaves. Dean doesn’t pay too much attention until he hears his name called. And then Cas is called too.
And again. And again and again and again.
But Dean doesn’t care. He’s done. This shit ends tonight. He refuses to be silenced any longer.
“Is that a crime?”
Because it’s true. Cas shouldn’t have to apologize. They aren’t dating. They aren’t exclusive. They aren’t even a they. They’re Dean and Cas, not Dean-and-Cas. They’re just friends. Even if they did establish the other night that they both might want more than that.
She’s great, but Cas is something else. He’s incredible. He’s amazing. There’s something magical about him. Some part of him that draws Dean in and makes him want to give up everything for Cas.
“Those are both cities, Dean.”
“Dean.”
“She will be okay,” Cas says reassuringly.
They’re in their room now. With over half the guys eliminated, Dean and Cas are sharing the room with only two other guys rather than the six at the beginning. But Dean still wishes it was just him and Cas alone.
She sighs. “I’ll see what I can do.”
He can’t wait to tell Jack his stories.
“Did you have a mom growing up?” Cas asks softly. His arm finds its way around Dean’s shoulders. Dean barely notices.
But kissing Daisy makes Dean feel nothing. If anything, if feels wrong. It feels forced and harsh and unforgiving.
He spends the next couple of hours talking with Cas. They move to one of the couches outside. Some of the other guys join them, but Dean doesn’t really care about talking with any of them. He likes talking to Cas. Cas is different from everyone else here, but in a good way. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever met someone like Cas before.
Daisy smiles at this and actually pulls him forward to hug him. “I appreciate you saying that. I’m not here for any drama either. I’m here to find love.”
Dean doesn’t look at Cas, even after Tanner leaves and they make their way through the mansion. Maybe it would be best to put space between them. Maybe the idea of pursuing Cas is stupid and childish and the completely wrong decision. Maybe Dean should focus on Daisy, like the show intends.
“I could never be a mechanic.”
Anyone else watching The Bachelorette this season? Crazy stuff. I feel like I sound like the biggest bachelor fan in the world, but I promise I'm really not that obsessed. I'm trying to keep details about the show as accurate as I can.
Dean shrugs and Daisy rubs his arm before turning her attention back to Cas.
It doesn’t mean anything.
Dean decides what he wants.
“I know a couple of mechanics who could use someone.”
“I am.”
On the other hand, Dean has always been the type of guy to say what’s on his mind. Shoot first. Ask questions later.
“You were frowning. Is everything okay?” Cas asks, stepping forward and sitting on the bed next to Dean.
He knows Bobby will refuse to watch the show, even if Dean is in a few episodes. He said this straight to Dean’s face before he left. Dean can’t blame him. He doesn’t even know if he’ll watch this crap when it airs.
Cas isn’t looking at him. “It felt wrong.” He glances up. “I’m sorry.”
Dean settles with saying, “I intend for you to be sober enough to be a consenting adult.”
At least they’re encouraged to drink alcohol.
“I trust you, Dean.”
Dean welcomes the idea of having a few days off. No cameras. No Daisy. No fucking drama. He wants to sit down with Cas and pick his mind about all of this. He wants to know how Cas is feeling. He wants to know how Cas feels about him. He’s not leaving here without Cas.
They’re on their balcony, holding hands and enjoying each other’s company.
“Fair,” Cas says and settles back into the couch. “I ran away when I was fifteen.”
“How do you even know that off the top of your head?”
“How’s it going, man?” Dean asks rather than commenting on the fact that he and Cas were practically in each other’s laps a minute ago.
“Yeah, but you’re the one who raised Sam. You were there for him. That’s all that matters.”
Dean thinks his sigh of relief is bigger than Cas’s. He watches the man next to him walk to the front of the room and accept the rose from Daisy. And when Cas turns back around, Dean is able to catch his eye. Cas has a hint of a smile on his face and Dean smiles back at him.
Dean finds Cas pretty immediately after the interview. He’s on the same balcony as before. The sun is setting now and Dean sits next to him. He decides that he’s going to be more authentic around Cas. He’s going to open himself up a little bit. He likes Cas a lot, maybe too much, and Dean thinks he wants to explore that. He thinks he’s okay with the idea of Cas more than Daisy.
“Not much,” Cas says.
And he knows that he was destined to meet Castiel Novak.
“What’s wrong?”
He got what he came here for. He found Cas.
“Promise me you’ll start believing in yourself. Promise me you’ll go after the things you want and live your life unapologetically. Promise me you won’t stand in the way of your own happiness.”
“Dean, I’m freaking out here,” Sam says. He suddenly sounds like a kid again and Dean can hear the fear in his voice.
“Hey.”
Dean has seen Cas every single day for the past few weeks. He goes to sleep and wakes up every day with Cas just a few feet away from him. He spends day in and day out, with Cas, talking and laughing and joking and getting to know each other. Dean thinks Cas may know him better than any person in the world, besides Sam.
“I know,” Cas says, giving Dean a sympathetic look. He puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “But you’ll still get to have that conversation with her. That’s what counts.”
The next few days are somewhat of a whirlwind.
A small part of Dean thinks about how he will have plenty of time in the future to kiss Cas. He thinks about a future where he and Cas can do nothing except lie in bed all day and kiss and talk and be with each other.
“Anything,” Cas says.
“Cas, come on.”
The house in front of him now is a small farmhouse sitting on the edge of a lake, not dissimilar to the house Castiel purchased years ago when Kelly was pregnant.
“What do you mean you don’t know what to do?”
Dean needs to know what that means.
This is it for Dean. Cas is it for Dean.
Dean kisses him on the porch of the house they’re going to buy with their son in the backyard, and it’s the closest Castiel’s felt to flying in a very long time. This feels like coming home. Castiel doesn’t have to close his eyes and dream up a fantasy of everything falling into place. He imagines kissing Dean on this porch every morning for the rest of their lives and he realizes he gets to have it. They get to have this.
And even if he does move to New York, it doesn’t mean he can never go back to Kansas. It doesn’t mean he can never visit his parents’ graves in Lawrence or go see Bobby.
“So, tell me,” Daisy says, pushing her drink aside and moving closer to Dean. “Who else do you think is worthy of a rose?”
“Hey, kid,” Dean says. Jack looks over curiously at the box of Disney princess band-aids. “You want Ariel or Belle on your foot?”
Dean thinks his heart might actually literally fall out of his chest. He’s uncomfortable, but pushes through it. He reminds himself that this is the goal. He wants to open up to Cas and be vulnerable. The idea of putting space between them is fucking stupid.
“Good.” Sam pauses. “Are you coming home soon?”
Sam’s quiet for a few moments. And then he laughs in disbelief. “Cas? As in Castiel? As in one of the other contestants?”
“You didn’t deserve any of that.”
But Dean couldn’t shake the feeling that he wanted to do this. Maybe there is someone out there for him. And even though he’s definitely not going to find that person on a TV show, maybe it’s the first step to finding the happiness he secretly desires. At least he can get Sam and Jess off his back about meeting someone.
Sam claims he was too tipsy to remember nominating Dean.
The sit together for as long as they can. They hold hands and bask in the silence, and Dean stares into Cas’s eyes. Warm. Loving. Kind. Blue blue blue eyes.
“So how did you end up on the show?” Dean asks.
Castiel tries to keep a close eye on Jack as much as he possibly can. The bunker is huge and dangerous and certainly not a place to let a toddler run around freely.
“Yeah, as long as friendship isn’t your only goal here,” Beckett says in response.
“Um. Well, I mean,” Dean stammers for a moment. “You don’t really have anything to apologize for,” he says.
They don’t talk much for the rest of the bus ride, but Dean will occasionally point out something that they pass. He likes talking to Cas, and he just wants to have something to say. At one point, Dean looks away and catches Daisy’s eye. It reminds him of why he’s here and Dean just ignores the thought and watches Cas watch the world pass.
“Thanks, man.”
It’s simple. He doesn’t elaborate and Dean doesn’t ask. He doesn’t know if he wants the answer. But he does wonder, if Cas is here for love, why does he spend most of his time with Dean? That has to mean something. It can’t mean nothing.
The man shakes his hand firmly. “Castiel.”
“You don’t get to tell me what I should or shouldn’t want, Dean.”
“Remember on our first night here when you said that neither of us would win this thing?” Dean asks.
He doesn’t see Daisy until later in the day when the sky is blue and the boardwalk is reflecting the bright lights from the rides. He’s in line with Cas to ride the Ferris wheel when Daisy taps him on the shoulder.
“We were just talking,” Cas finally says, his voice firm. He keeps his eyes on Dean, but Dean refuses to look at Cas.
“I’m excited to leave the house,” Dean says as the bus starts to drive away.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. He’s heartbroken and sad and so, so angry for Cas. He grabs his beer and takes a sip. He wishes he had the right thing to say.
Castiel smiles slightly at that. “Gabriel has always been the prankster of the family. That’s what older brothers are for, I guess.”
Daisy lights up. “It was amazing. It was this big field day date. We got to play all these games and sports from childhood. It’s nice to reminisce on those times.”
“Are you excited for the date?” Dean asks.
Dean spots Daisy nearly immediately when he gets downstairs. She’s talking to some guy and Dean is acting before his brain can catch up and tell him to stop.
“Yeah, man. I’ll be around. I’m gonna miss the kid.”
“I’ll cook whatever you’d like, Jack,” Castiel answers.
“Sam’s fiancée?”
“Could you expand on that?”
“I hope you’re not bothered by what other people are saying,” Cas says. He’s moved back to Dean’s side and is resting a hand on his shoulder.
“Are you okay, Sammy? I can be on the next flight out of here,” Dean says.
Dean doesn’t say anything, but he nods.
“So,” Daisy begins after they sit down. She twirls the rose between her fingers and looks into Dean’s eyes. “You’re different, Dean. You’re different from every guy here. Even when I was talking to some of the other guys, my mind kept drifting back to you. I like you a lot and I look forward to getting to know you better.” She finally holds up the rose, presenting it to him. “Dean, do you accept this rose?”
Cas looks like he wants to say something else, but he doesn’t. Instead, he takes the shirt that Dean was holding in his lap, folds it, and puts it in the open suitcase. He presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek and gives him a sheepish smile.
“Fame.”
“Yeah?”
Dean tries to smile. “How was it?”
“You two look comfy,” Tanner says, grinning knowingly.
“When are you leaving?” Dean asks. He won’t look Castiel in the eyes.
Cas gets a one-on-one date with Daisy, and Dean nearly loses his mind.
“Man, you’re so whipped,” Dean chuckles.
“You’d be amazing.”
“There’s a rose ceremony in a couple days. I think Cas and I are gonna try and get out before then.”
When he and Cas eventually do make their way downstairs, it takes a little searching before Dean can find a producer. The mansion is pretty empty when filming isn’t taking place, and Dean can’t imagine being one of the last few contestants left. He thinks he’d go insane if he were alone in a house this big.
Cas nods. He sits still, but Dean twitches his fingers for something to do.
Cas looks at him. “I’m not going to tell you what to do, Dean. I can’t make that decision for you.”
And even now, with literal blood on his hands again, Castiel doesn’t feel the normal guilt that once plagued him daily.
Cas leans forward and kisses him gently. “I’m glad we’re on the same page then.”
Dean doesn’t say anything for a while. He doesn’t look at Castiel. He holds his hands in clenched fists and keeps his eyes trained on the wall. “I’m fine.”
“I guess you’re right,” Sam says. He sounds calmer now. “Thanks, man. I guess I just didn’t expect this so soon.”
Can’s eyes soften and he shakes his head the tiniest bit. Dean’s thankful they’re in the back row because Cas moves his hand over to Dean’s.
Dean didn’t agonize this much when he moved with Sam to California. Out there, he had Sam. Sure, they fought, but they still had each other. They were still brothers and nothing was ever going to break that bond.
The producer doesn’t say anything else, but she looks at him for a while. Dean holds her stare and she eventually tells him he can go. He feels paranoid as he walks away and a part of him is convinced they can read his mind.
“Daddy?”
Dean stiffens and looks away from the camera. “I’m a little jealous,” he admits.
She leads them back to the house, turning around every few moments to make sure they’re following, so there’s no chance for Dean to talk to Cas or even grab his hand.
He no longer fights. He’s no longer a solder, a weapon. He uses once bloodied hands to help his son roll out cookie dough. He takes these hands, once used to press against a demon’s forehead to smite them, to sweep his child’s hair out of his face.
Dean glances at Cas, who is looking away, before turning his attention back to Daisy. He nods to her.
“Get up. We’ve got stuff to do,” Dean says.
Dean walks into the house and doesn’t look back. He knows he’s a bad person. Good people don’t do shit like this. Good people say how they’re feeling. They don’t just act on impulse. Sam would never pull something like this. He would never do anything to hurt Jess.
“You’re stuck with me and I’m stuck with you,” Cas says, more casually now and slight humor in his voice. He tilts his head a bit. “Maybe stuck isn’t the right word. But you should know that I don’t have these feelings often. And I’m all in. I choose you.”
“What’s it like living in New York?” Dean asks.
Chris Harrison gives Dean a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry, Dean. The rose ceremony is starting. If you get a rose, you can talk to her after.”
His voice is quiet. He’s not looking at Cas’s face. He’s scared to admit that he would move to New York in a heartbeat for Cas. He’s scared to admit that he’s already willing to give up nearly everything for Cas.
“Hi,” Cas greets back.
Maybe he could get there one day. He doesn’t struggle with internalized homophobia as much as he used to. He doesn’t deny his sexuality when asked about it. He used to wish he were straight. He doesn’t anymore, but sometimes he wishes his life was easier.
“You are not your mistakes. You’re not the choices you made, Cas.”
Sam’s happy. He’s engaged to his college sweetheart. He has an apartment and a dog and plans to be married in a year. And it’s not that Dean doesn’t want that. It’s just that he doesn’t know how to get it. He doesn’t know what happiness looks like.
Dean actually laughs at that. “That’s what’s on your mind right now?”
So, Dean talks to Cas. They spend a lot of their time on the balcony from the first night, just watching the mountains and enjoying each other’s company.
He waits for another moment, but she just goes back to her phone, so Dean takes that as his cue to fuck off. He passes the living room where he left Cas earlier, and goes straight up to his room.
One of the first things Castiel did after possessing Jimmy was remove his wedding ring. Taking it off felt wrong, but wearing it was too strange. One of the first emotions Castiel ever felt, after love and doubt, was guilt, and the ring just reminded him of that.
Hey hey! Hope you enjoy the chapter!! Let me know what you think!!! Feel free to leave a comment/kudos or come talk to my on my tumblr @ swineaids!! There's gonna be one more chapter and then an epilogue after this. Enjoy :)
Daisy is still holding onto his arm and she squeezes it lightly. “Yeah?”
“Not really.”
“Green.”
“Daddy, are you gonna make breakfast when we move?” Jack asks.
Dean has had plenty of sleepless nights throughout his life. When he was little, his dad would leave the house for days at a time. And when John didn’t leave him and Sam with Bobby, Dean was left to take care of his brother. Dean used to be scared of the dark. When John was gone, Dean would stay up all night. He was scared to sleep, especially while Sam was sleeping. He needed to stay awake to watch out for Sam.
“Tell me about your family.”
When Dean steps out of the limo for the first time, all he can think about is keeping his balance. He was informed by the producers that the ground is sprayed with a hose to keep it glistening. Dean isn’t used to walking around in loafers regardless, and he doesn’t want to make an ass of himself by slipping on the ground before he can even say hello.
“I’m a mechanic,” Dean says, realizing how lame that sounds compared to being a professor. Years later, he still feels like he comes up short compared to Sam and his fancy degree. He hates feeling like that around Cas as well.
Dean nods, looking away.
Jack nods against Cas’s chest. “I have to wear my shoes.”
Dean feels his heart nearly drop out of his chest. He doesn’t notice Cas’s hand fall to his wrist because he’s already across the room and grabbing the phone out of the producer’s hand and rushing out to the backyard.
“Yeah, but I got attached to you. I wanted you to stick around and you did and that’s what got him killed.”
He never intended on hurting Daisy either. But Dean sees the way she looks at him. He knows he can’t keep doing this. The longer he and Cas stay, the more pain it’s going to cause.
“Forever, Dean.”
Dean shrugs. “I’m not taking anyone’s side. I think it’s pretty fucking meaningless.”
“Jack?”
“You guys deserve to live your lives. Especially you, Cas, you’ve given up so much. You should get to live wherever you want.”
Daisy’s face brightens immediately and Dean exhales. He knows that she likes him. She said she could fall in love with him. And Dean is just kind of fucking with her. But it won’t be like that for much longer. He’s going to leave. He and Cas are going to leave. Maybe today they can pull aside a producer and announce that they are leaving. It doesn’t have to be dramatic. It doesn’t have to be a thing. It can just be Dean-and-Cas running away together. That’s all it has to be.
“Dean.”
“A castle.”
At the very least, he’s praying she calls Cas’s name. Cas at least knows what he wants. Cas knows he’s not accepting another rose.
“Is Daisy here yet?” Dean asks.
Castiel watches Dean lean forward, wiping a napkin across Jack’s face. Jack squirms, giggling slightly and Dean smiles at him.
He went along because, even at eighteen, Sam was still his baby brother that needed protecting.
If he was ten years younger, he wouldn’t give it a second thought. He would have hooked up with her by now.
“Of course,” Dean says, getting up and offering his arm out.
The rose ceremony is in two days and Cas does not mention it.
“Thank you,” Dean says.
Dean nods. “Well, you’re here now. How are you liking California?”
Dean nods. He’s never had someone so invested in his life. It’s intimidating and he hopes he doesn’t disappoint Cas. He’s used to not meeting people’s expectations.
He knows it’ll upset Dean. Dean always seems upset when he leaves for an extended period of time, but he never stops Castiel. Dean always lets him leave and Castiel doesn’t think he can keep doing that. He can’t keep coming and going, unsure of his place. Dean has said they’re family and Castiel never quite understood or believed it until Jack came into the picture. Even so, Castiel can’t help the seed of doubt that sits in his head.
They’re not allowed to have their phones so Dean keeps checking his watch. It’s getting pretty late. When Dean was little and scared to sleep in the house without his dad, he would leave the TV on all night and eventually pass out on the couch with a kitchen knife clutched in his hand and his dad’s Colt M19 next to him.
“Maybe some of the guys aren’t here for love,” Dean offers.
Maybe that’s another reason Castiel is leaving. He’s been a masochist long enough. He knows he will love Dean for the rest of his life. It makes up a part of him. Metatron once cut out his grace with ease, but Castiel knows that no force in the universe could ever rid him of his love for Dean. But maybe it will be easier to love Dean from a distance. This way, Dean gets to live his life too without anything holding him back.
“Wait,” Dean starts, and then pauses when he realizes everyone is looking at him. “I need to talk to Daisy.”
“I’m not going to do anything flashy. I’m not going to pretend I’m someone I’m not just for the sake of gaining popularity points on some TV show. What you see is what you get with me. I’m not here to play games,” he says. He rehearsed this speech a lot in his head. From the few episodes he’s seen, he hates the petty drama that gets dragged out. He doesn’t want any part of that and he wants to make it clear from the beginning. He doesn’t really know what he’s looking for here, but he knows he doesn’t want to make a fool of himself on national TV.
But accidents still happen, and they happen in the form of Jack stepping on a random shard of glass that must have escaped their notice.
“Yeah. I tend to get restless.”
“Hi guys,” Daisy greets, already receiving some hugs from a few of the more eager men. “We’re heading to my hometown today. It’s not quite a hometown date, yet, but we’re visiting the Santa Monica pier. I grew up on that beach, and I can’t wait to share it with someone special.”
“You should see what people online are saying about you.”
“One night, I got into a really bad fight with my dad. I think it was just about homework or whatever, but it evolved into something so much bigger.” Cas shakes his head and frowns. “My dad’s not a bad guy, Dean. I was being kind of a shit. He slapped me and I left. He never put his hands on me like that before and he hasn’t since.”
About a week later, Castiel wakes up to an email from Dean sent way too early in the morning.
Tanner puts his hands up. “You guys think you’re getting roses tonight?”
Dean looks up to see Cas standing in the doorway. Just his presence alone is immediately calming.
“Chris Harrison even played some games. I gave him a participation ribbon at the end,” she adds.
There’s no chance to ask Cas what they should do. There’s no chance to ask what their master plan is. There are no more chances to talk about them and what’s going to happen to them.
“Well,” Dean pauses. He looks at Cas in the passenger seat. “You too.”
“You know, the New York City Fire Academy is only a four-month program,” Cas mumbles. In the middle of their make out session.
All the realtors from the day blended together by this point, and this one tells Castiel that his husband and son are upstairs. He tilts his head at her and tries to make sense of the words.
He walks with confidence. Daisy clocks him immediately and runs over to give him a hug. She tells him she’s happy to see him and Dean feels weird about the one-on-one attention. Especially when there are over twenty guys also vying for her to notice them.
“Where did that come from?” Daisy giggles, wrapping her arms around Dean in a hug.
Hi hi welcome back! Hope y'all enjoy this chapter. I have the next one nearly completed already so I'm gonna try not waiting another full week to post it.
When he gets upstairs, he finds Dean and Jack fairly quickly. They’re in one of the bedrooms, Jack distracted by a dollhouse in the corner of the room. Castiel wonders if it once belonged to one of the children who grew up here and if now its purpose is purely for the children of those children. He doesn’t even let his mind wander to the idea of Jack having children of his own one day. He can’t wrap his brain around that quite yet.
“Can I ask you something kind of personal?”
Let me know what you think of this chapter!! Feel free to leave a comment and/or kudos! And my tumblr is swineaids if anyone's interested in talking to me over there!
Dean nods. “He’s my kid brother. I don’t care how tall he is or how many degrees he has. Sometimes I feel like just yesterday he was still a child. And then I blinked and now he’s about to become a dad and a lawyer.”
“Tell her I said congrats. I’ll talk to you soon.”
Dean prays to a god he doesn’t believe in that neither him nor Cas receive this rose. He’s too tired for this shit. He’s not going to keep dragging this out. If there’s another rose ceremony in a few days, then he and Cas really need to get their shit together.
No. Dean’s not staying here longer than he has to. It’s not fair to him and it’s not fair to Cas. He knows that they both deserve better than that.
It sent quite the shock to Dean’s system after getting a random phone call one day and being asked to interview with a producer from the show.
They made it. They have at least another week here. And Dean knows he’s supposed to be excited about having time with Daisy, but Cas is the one on his mind.
“Not yet. I feel like there’s a reason to be here.”
Dean shrugs again.
Dean shakes his head slightly. He’s not here for Cas. He’s here for Daisy, of course. But Cas is just an added bonus. Cas makes Dean excited to get up in the mornings. Cas makes Dean not dread having to spend hours in an empty house with nothing to do. Cas makes Dean laugh. Cas is… Cas. There’s simply no other way to put it.
This house will be protection for him and Jack too, but it’s also more than that. It’s not running away from the chase of angels and demons. It’s not him sticking his head in the sand. This is the start of a new life, a new normal. Castiel choosing to put Jack’s needs first. This is him choosing to leave behind the life of a warrior.
Dean feels his face heat up. Sometimes Dean wishes he was straight. He knows it’s fucked up to think something like that and he should embrace who he is, but if he was straight then he wouldn’t find himself in situations like this. He wouldn’t want people who he should have no business wanting. It would just be easier.
Dean doesn’t even try to hold back his tears, but he does laugh. “Man, that’s like, so fucking cheesy.”
Cas doesn’t say anything. He keeps looking at Dean expectantly like he’s waiting for bad news. But Dean doesn’t know what else to say. He knows Cas is waiting around for him.
He’s given a bottom bunk and it’s only a few feet from Cas. Dean rubs his hands over his face as he lies down. He finally has a moment to think.
He glances at Cas again, who is now watching him. Dean throws caution to the wind and sends a quick wink in Cas’s direction. Cas smiles. Daisy doesn’t seem to notice.
Dean looks up again and makes eye contact with Cas through the door. He gives him a small smile and Cas smiles back. “He’s really great,” Dean finally breathes out.
“It’s weird to think that today might be our last day here,” Cas says.
“Better to say it now than to waste even more of her time.”
Cas shrugs, clearly just as confused, but the rest of the guys are already excitedly making their way outside.
“Hope you like cereal, kid,” Dean snorts.
“Exactly,” Dean says. “I have my job back in Lawrence. I have Sam. I have friends there.”
He insisted, much to Castiel’s chagrin. He is not a fan of Jack being exposed to the horrid truth at such a young age, even if it was inevitable. He swore to Kelly that he would protect her son. Castiel isn’t sure that keeping a toy gun to ward off real evil would count as protection.
Dean nods. “Yes. I want to be with you. I want to hike up mountains and watch the sunrise and have a real life with you.”
“That’s the goal. Right, Dean?” Cas continues.
“Are you okay?”
“Dean, do you accept this rose?” Daisy asks.
“And you think you’ll find answers here?”
But Dean doesn’t want to go home. At least not yet. He knows he’s not going to find love here. He’s not going to find the person that would sacrifice everything for him. He probably won’t find that in the real world either. But he knows he’s definitely not going to find it here.
Cas sighs. He doesn’t often miss being an angel, but he does miss the ability to heal. He misses being able to take away Jack or Dean or Sam’s pain. He misses being useful.
“You make it sound way more pathetic than it actually is.”
“I’ve noticed.”
“The only way I’d stay is if you were staying,” Dean says. It’s liberating to say his truth out loud to Cas. It’s freeing to admit that he’s staying on the show for Cas. “If I get a rose, then I would stay for you.”
Dean sits this conversation out, but he listens and tries to calm himself down. There’s something in his chest that aches and is on fire. There’s some part of him that is watching Daisy and Cas bond, and it makes him want to tear his hair out.
“Almost?”
Dean really, really fucking wants to kiss him. He glances behind him and looks at everyone else huddled in their own groups. They’re not paying any attention to him and Cas, but the cameras are still on, and Dean wants to avoid any potential drama.
It takes every ounce of Dean’s self-control to not pin him to the bed here and now. Instead, he picks up a few more of his shirts that were sitting crumpled on the edge of his bed. He begins folding them.
He turns and leaves before he can say anything else. He has no right to be this upset. He and Cas haven’t said anything since the last rose ceremony. They haven’t talked about the things they said or the near confession they both made.
Dean is a bad person. He is a bad person who hurts people and takes what he wants and doesn’t regard other people’s feelings.
He drops it in his suitcase and rolls over. Cas is on his side and looking at him.
