Cas laughs with him but as his chuckles trail off, he shrugs. "I've come to terms with our lack of condom use. I
Castiel loses time to the feel of Dean's tongue softly seeking entrance to his mouth, and then its careful exploration. It's nothing like the last time he tried this. It's hot, delicious impulses that race down his nervous system and light up his entire body. It's low moans that reverberate through his chest as Dean agrees with Castiel's own groan.
Dean temporarily forgets how to breathe at the fucking glorious sight of Cas, his Cas, perched on his hips and pulling his own t-shirt off with one yank at the back of his neck. His brain short-circuits at the sight of all that warm, creamy skin. Almost every other time, they've been in half-dark, and besides, they've barely managed to get their shirts and pants open. Sometimes not even that.
you know-it-all little asshole, and I've never been!" Dean shouts. "What, you think those times I went out for 'drink runs' without you I was always just gettin' a drink?"
Dean wiggles around and hooks his chin over Cas's shoulder, just enough to look down and get a good look at what he's trying to do. It’s also a near-mistake, because it shifts his hips slightly into another slip-slide of pleasure,
Dean blinks a bit at the quality of light in the house. His night vision is damn good, but the transition tonight seems odd. Maybe he just drove too long with that tense atmosphere in the car. Bobby's has always been welcoming, even as weird and cluttered as it is, but today, it just feels ominous.
Sam still looks like he's gotten spooked by a ghost (and they don't take that shit lightly) when Dean and Cas come down: Dean in his flannel and jeans, Cas back in angelwear special. Cas didn't cook this time, so they're stuck with, well. Dean's not sure what it is. There’s some kind of meat in it. He eats it anyway.
Cas sends him a brief, achy point of connection and Dean rubs his chest and smiles, just a little. Through the wards, that had to be tough.
When Dean finally gets down to the panic room, Bobby’s friend Pamela is looking back and forth between Cas and Jimmy like she's trying to figure which one of them she wants to take a nibble of first. Dean hasn’t met her before, but he’s heard good things, and he can recognize a spitfire in one glance. Ruby is standing just outside the open door with a sneer on her face, a little too close to Sam—no, a
There’s Uriel, and Inias, the assholes, but there’s no reason they should be looking at him like that: with sympathy. With something that almost looks like
Dean never believed in a "connection" before Cas. He can't deny what they have, though; wouldn't want to even if he could. He's never imagined anything this good.
What the—? Nothing so innocent should feel like that—like a sweet shock, like coming home to whipped cream and skin. Cas has barely touched him—just a fingertip has traced the bottom curve of the palm on Dean’s deltoid muscle—and Dean's not sure he can take it. When Cas gently nudges his sleeve further up, careful of the raw skin, and the ghost of his warmth tickles over the prints of fingers molded over Dean's shoulder joint, he
Death doesn't look like he wants to be interested in what Cas has to say, but that does raise his eyebrows. "I have heard that ambivalence about my presence," he says, "But I have never had my existence doubted. Make no mistake: I will reap you, little seraph, just like one day I will reap your Father."
"Look, she's got you a little under her spell, I get it." Sam's sympathy is almost as bad as his condescension, because it seems like that sympathy could be real. "Just... hang tight, okay? She can't have gotten her venom that deep into you, because—well, anyway."
Michael is watching him keenly, though, with an intensity that Dean definitely does not like, when he steps in the doorway. "Oh. Very interesting. I see," he says, almost to himself. He raises an open palm towards Dean’s chest.
"I…" Cas hesitates again. "I was always surrounded by family and friends. I was never at a loss for an invitation to something. I had what was, by pretty much anyone’s definition, a blessed life, and yet I…"
Honestly, Dean's pretty okay with that. He's already kind of hard and he can feel Cas against him, warm and a little needy through a couple of layers of fabric. But all of that’s secondary to the need to just exist inside Cas's orbit.
"Dean Winchester. You just never... they should mint a bad penny after you. I should've known you were involved," she mutters. But then she tilts her head. Her eyes swivel towards Cas. "You found your angel, I see." Her eyes narrow, and then she squints. "
"Besides," Dean agrees, "it's not like Heaven actually wants to stop this, so they probably figure there's very little danger in leaving the angel warding off entirely."
"Jimmy?" Cas asks and there's something there, something small and fragile. Cas's hand is squeezing Dean's just this side of too hard. "James," Cas says again, a little stronger. "If I could help it, I would never hurt you. Ever. But there are greater stakes involved than you could ever guess and Dean— he—" Cas breaks off briefly, giving Dean a look that's so full of affection and adoration it's difficult to meet. "He's what I was looking for."
Images—naked, sweaty and undulating—flash in front of Dean's eyes, which have crossed again. "Oh no," Dean drawls dryly, when he has some of his breath back. "Anything but that." He deliberately arches his finger outward and away from Cas's long fingers, putting a little more pressure into the stretch, and is rewarded with another one of those full-body shivers. Yeah, okay, Dean believes him, Cas is
He smiles after her. Dean's getting used to her, just like she's getting used to Dean. Sometimes, he can't believe Jimmy and Amelia let him into their home in the first place, much less let him stay for six solid months, and Claire is the reason why.
Just like the way that Cas reaches out and catches him by the fingertips as Dean slides into the driver's seat. "I should meet up with Anna," he says, softly. "Angel radio has been... loud, the past few hours, but I can't catch the gist of it clearly."
Dean wants to walk over and comfort him, or congratulate him. He's not sure. He manages to control himself enough to be drawn into a debate of what to do next. If anyone can call it a debate, since it’s mostly just Ruby being… herself, rather than offering anything useful.
He sounds so grateful that it makes Dean's eyes sting a bit in a way that's not the pepper. "Did you, um. Date a lot? When, you know." He's pretty sure he knows what the answer is, though.
wants to stop crying. It's just... it's probably just to say it, because these are the times where Cas really knows what to say.
They settle in: Dean on his back, like usual, Castiel curled into his side, resting a cheek happily on Dean's bony shoulder.
Cas traces words on the page with a finger. "She says she's killed off right before the 'good parts' start." He twitches his fingers up into air quotes. Shit, he's such a dork. "She seems to think that killing her
Cas takes some sort of pity on him because that warm gentle hand on his shoulder slides down until it has Dean’s left hand. When he takes it, it tangles their fingers together. Dean prefers it the other way—he likes their rings to clink—but that's not really the point of this little demonstration.
“It’s pretty damn important, Cas. You can’t just keep doing this shit like you think it’s not going to hurt, or you think it’s totally fucking okay to ruin yourself like this.”
“You’re right…” Cas smiles, “A men’s restroom at the San Francisco airport? It’d be begging for a litany of infectious diseases.”
Mr. Henricksen nods, “I think Castiel should tutor you. He has an A in the class, and he never fails to get perfect scores on his tests. You two are friends, aren’t you?”
“Alright, Cas and me will scope out the inside,” Dean cuts the engine and quickly looks around to determine if they’re in any immediate danger. He gives a curt nod to Jo, “You watch the front and the car.”
“Well, hello there, gorgeous. What’s your name?” Michael grabs Castiel’s wrist and pulls him closer. He hardly notices that they've started dancing. He’s still watching Dean’s reaction as his face falls dejectedly, like a child who's just lost his favorite toy.
“I forgive you,” Castiel smiles faintly, feeling that this is not the news that Jo said he deserves to know.
Jo shrugs, picking the pickles off her sandwich, “He has some issues, but it’s nothing my family can’t handle.” Satisfied with her food, she places the bun back on the sandwich and takes a bite. Talking around her food, she says, “He’s kind of weird. Really quiet, always says odd things. You can tell when he’s nervous because he reads the Bible.”
“You know I hate flying, Cas,” Dean complains, dropping his head into his hands, but he knows that he’s going to go. He’d follow Cas to the ends of the Earth if Cas asked.
“Alright,” In agreement, Dean nods, marking the map with a red pen. “Thanks, I – uh – appreciate it, Cas.”
Turning away from him, Lisa strides towards the main building and calls out behind her, “C’mon, let’s get you set up!”
Sharon shrugs, "You don't like the things you've experienced, but it's how you let your experiences affect you that makes you who you are."
Cas, well, Cas is glowing. Not literally glowing—though who knows, if they turned out the lights. But he’s twisted all the way towards Dean, his eyes are shining and wide, and his pink lips are parted like he did not expect Dean to say that.
Dean's knees go weak. Cas is almost too forward—only he's not really doing much of anything. But there's a part of Dean, deep inside, that feels alive in a way he can't remember before.
Dean kind of loves that answer, as much as he hates it. It's a Dean Winchester kind of answer. Cas runs his fingers through Dean's hair, tracing nonsense patterns in his scalp. It's tingly and soothing and makes Dean's eyelids heavy.
So instead, for now, they sit, mostly leaning on Baby's warm, comforting hood, holding hands and staring at the stars shrouded by clouds. Eventually, Cas leans on him, resting his head on Dean's shoulder.
And just the fact that Cas feels the need to ask makes him feel a little small, and a little ashamed.
"Bobby would probably agree with you. I get the feeling your family is not accustomed to displays of affection," Cas says. He doesn't sound bitter about it, though—more amused than anything. He nuzzles into the side of Dean's neck, feathering his lips back and forth.
Sam slams into the room at that point babbling about hyacinths and the ME being suspicious. They’ve got nothing else, and ordinarily Dean'd be all for it, but there's a fever brightness to Sam's eyes that worries him.
The blanket settles over them and they sigh. Dean's arm winds around Castiel, and his fingers trace softly down Castiel's spine.
Dean thinks that’s a pretty fucking insulting insinuation for Jimmy to make about Cas all around, and he’s about to say so. But from the doorway behind Dean, there's a loud, blank, "Wait. Wait,
"I wish you'd told me." Cas is quiet for a long moment, and he leans more firmly into Dean's back, his body curving. "My parents weren't. Probably still aren't," he says, very softly.
Dean doesn't say 'already?' or ‘is that a problem?’ because shit, he just came in like thirty seconds flat, he's got zero stones to throw. But goddamn if that little quiver in Cas's deep voice doesn't do it for him just right, make him wish that he could get hard all over again.
Dean has no damned idea what he's talking about. Except maybe he does. He flashes a smile that's all teeth. "No time like the present, right? Let's get our honey wagon on!"
Claire comes bouncing out of her room, hyped up on nothing but hoopla and Christmas cheer. She ricochets off his hip with a “Hi!” like she didn’t just see him at brunch—because the Novaks are the kind of family that have weekend brunch—before darting into the kitchen.
It's not okay. It's the last goddamned thing from okay, what is Dean even doing? He should be rolling Cas under him and licking him back until his voice breaks. He should be—
Dean chokes so hard that Castiel is worried for an instant that he's going to hit his head on something. "What the--"
Dean closes his marker and drops it on the map. "He's switching up. Any other cars stolen in Jamestown?"
Dean isn't sure how long they doze that way, or if maybe he's the only one dozing and Cas is doing some angel-watching. They're just silent, breathing each other's air. It's... Dean can't even call it comfortable. It's
Dean would never admit this aloud to a living soul, but when Ruby appears in the middle of the barn, dripping blood and curled around herself, and with the whole nightmare demon entourage in tow, he could kiss her.
Cas cracks open an eye. "How is it that you, who seems to know everything in the world about pop culture, doesn't recognize a quote from the Princess Bride?"
Bobby looks about as flustered and worried as Dean has ever seen him. There's a piece of paper in his hands, crinkled around the edges. "Damn fool went and took plan F," he announces.
Bobby takes it surprisingly well, all things considered. He sips his whiskey. "'Cause he's an angel?" he says.
But there's a quiet hint of pain in that that makes the words a little bit of a lie. The mark on Dean's shoulder throbs.
"Is it Hell?" Sam says, into the darkness. "Is it... you won't tell me. You just... I can't say I get it, but... Dean, you have to—"
Instead, the hand at his temple brushes in, not out. A fingertip skirts along Castiel's cheek--he already knows he's blushing, and he's not sure he cares. A careful, careworn thumb brushes the seam of Castiel's lips, and he hears his own gasp.
Then the asshole pokes a thumb into Dean's belly button, and Dean’s whole body twitches. Dean huffs out, "Hey!"
God, yes, yes. Dean shoves himself vertical enough to bite the base of Cas's neck, just because he has to taste. Cas grunts and spurts twice more into Dean’s hand after Dean's teeth print into the soft skin of his neck. Cas shudders softly as he slowly lowers his body down against Dean's. Dean kisses the bite mark and watches it slowly disappear again.
And Dean thinks of the way Cas would look at him for hurting himself like that—dark-eyed, disappointed.
And that? That's enough to rubberize Dean's knees. Cas did not sound all that thrilled about catching in the past, but that he thinks it might be different with  Dean? That's all kinds of hot and endearing. (Okay, maybe a little terrifying.)
Cas gives him a gentle look. "I was going to say 'harmless.' He's never had to choose a side, because there's always only been one side." Cas looks at the closed door, behind which the sum of Dean's worst nightmares is chained in a devil trap. "But I think I saw the worst of all of it." His fingers slide gently off Dean's face, but they don't go far—cradling the side of his neck. "The best of it, as well."
There’s not much more to say, after that. The apocalypse is heavy on their shoulders again. Sam’s the one who hangs up, first.
If this is a dream, if this is an illusion, Dean doesn't know how to get himself out of it. Or even if he really wants to. Or even if he
The rest of the meal is a little surreal, though, because now that Dean realizes what's happening? Watching the only father figure he’s got interrogate his—Dean’s—interrogate Cas, yeah, it's an out-of-body experience.
The feeling of Cas's hand, tight and wet, just enough texture to matter, is going to be more than enough but there's still something… something Dean wants. But he's not sure what. ‘Cause this, this is fucking great.
. There’s a good dash of pepper in the eggs, too.) Sam pulls up a chair, but Dean doesn't quite catch on until after Bobby sits down. The sounds of cooking continue, and then pause.
of them should have to deal with mildly hostile in-laws, alright? And can't you just imagine Cas showing up at the door with a hopeful look and a bottle of scotch? Seriously, wouldn't that have melted harder hearts than Bobby's?
Jimmy stares at him, and mouths emptily to himself for long enough that the door sags the rest of the way open. But then, silently, he opens the door and lets them in.
Cas ducks his head and a slight blush graces his cheeks. "Oh. No, this was… it was self-defense. Not from angels. I was a very young professor." He shrugs, folding his hands between his knees. "And then after a while, it just became comfortable."
Cas's eyes go soft and sad. He doesn't mouth a platitude like 'it's for the best.' But he does tighten his arms, gently, pulling Dean into his shoulder.
Dean's not afraid of the future. Not even now that it’s exploded with possibilities that Dean can’t even begin to name, let alone really understand. (Christmas trees, though: those, he’s still afraid of.)
Dean is pretty sure it can’t get better than this. It takes him a moment to unlock the elbow behind him and let himself slump back against Baby's cooling hood. The small shaky noise he makes when Cas gently unfolds where Dean's legs are completely limp over his shoulders might be a little pathetic—the weight of Cas between his legs, the solid push of his shoulders under Dean's knees and the back of Dean’s thighs, felt really nice, and Dean liked it. He shivers as Cas lets him straighten out and tucks him carefully back into his boxers—for what that coverage is worth right now, anyway, with Dean's jeans still dangling off one thigh. Okay, Dean’s starting to remember it’s pretty cold out here.
The warmth wrapping around him hurts more and more, but the pain is like lancing a boil. And it’s so familiar—like a shy smile, like a chin resting on his shoulder. Dean stumbles back at the spin in his head, the pain in his chest. His whole body is yelling
Dean wants to squirm, but he doesn't. He props both hands behind his head and grins, shaky. "Like what you see?"
Yeah, Dean’s not gonna be the one to point out to Jimmy that God probably has nothing to do with it.
Cas shuffles them backwards until they can both collapse with some sort of control onto the bed. They're both laughing, now, and the heavy taste of doubt and fear burned away with orgasm.
Dean blinks himself out of his happy daze a little too slowly. The laugh slips out of him. "Cas... did you just give me the angel equivalent of brass knuckles?"
you the thing, did you?" He clucks his tongue and shakes his head. “What do you take me for, an angel?”
At some point, he ended up on top of Dean, and his friend--is that what they are, still? Castiel doesn't know, and he can't think about that right now--is grinning up at him, looking
What does an angel look like, falling? Cas made it sound like actual... fighting with gravity, falling.
"No," Cas nods. "That's a smart move. Escaping Heaven's wrath is difficult. If anyone could do it, it's Anna, but…" he trails off.
But there's just something, every few pages, that jolts Dean weird. Because he sure as hell was ticked off about what happened Adam: that much is true. But in this supposed work of nonfiction? Dean went out and pulled away the
"Easy, sister," Cas says, kneeling by her side so she doesn't have to look up at him. He exchanges a worried look with Dean and Bobby. Yeah, Dean's only known Anna two seconds, and he doesn't remember that frantic edge to her eyes before. "We will find the first demon, and—"
At first, it’s because, holy fuck, being inside Cas is possibly the single hottest idea he's heard all year. For another, well… Dean frowns. "I thought you didn't enjoy that,” he objects. “I don't want that if you can't enjoy it."
"I think you're underestimating books," Cas pushes himself up and shoves his shoulder against where Jimmy's gone dead white, leaning against the edge of the cot and swallowing over and over like he's keeping from puking. Even though Cas is the one who just got brain-boinked, he’s the one holding his brother up. He looks so calm, again. So... sure. "And I was more thinking... maybe my angelic grace."
"Dean," Cas says, in a tiny, pinched voice, "I should inform you that Michael might be able to read your mind."
Jimmy is still staring at them, openmouthed—Cas lying in Dean's arms because he's having a hard time holding himself upright. Sam helps Amelia up and starts taking her to the other room, her eyes and cheeks wet. She can’t take her eyes off Cas. She's mouthing 'a miracle, a miracle.'
“Dean, I’m not seeing anyone else either.” Moving closer, Castiel hooks his index fingers into the front of Dean’s jean pockets and casually pulls him in like the moon does the tide. Dean’s breath hitches at the contact, but he doesn’t pull away. Cas’ eyes peer into him as he says, “And I don’t want to see anyone else.”
The entire house is completely unconventional; they act like a family, but they aren’t. It’s more of a broken home put back together with pieces of tape and globs of glue.
“Why?” With a surge of courage, Castiel takes Dean’s clammy hands in his as he raises his voice in impending anger, “You can’t do this – not now, not after everything we’ve been through. I refuse to let you do this.”
Dean raises his hand to clutch his burning cheek, feeling the rage well in his eyes and throat. Moving forward with his mind whirring too fast for him to understand, he shoves his father violently and finds himself being pushed back against the wall by the collar of his shirt.
“Okay. We can sleep.” Castiel allows himself to be guided to bed, and they lie down facing each other. Castiel drifts off without a second thought. Meanwhile, Dean watches the younger boy sleep, brushing his dark hair from his fluttering eyes. He remains there for an hour, just watching, but eventually he slips out of the room to take a leak. When he returns, Cas is exactly as he left him. Crawling back onto the bed, Dean drifts in and out of a light slumber. He dreams of all the unexplained scars littered across Cas’ body.
what is being given to him and to reciprocate it. Maybe the alcohol pumping through his system isn’t helping him make wise decisions, but right now, in this moment, he wants someone to fuck him senseless.
The room smells like iron and he feels so fucking empty, but now he can see the folded piece of binder paper perched on the edge of the bay window’s love seat. He forces himself up, stabbing more glass into his palms and wincing as he walks hesitantly over to read it.
"Dean..." Castiel replies harshly in warning, but Dean ignores him and slides his hand further up his thigh.
Balthazar tsks at him, “Now, Cassie, when were you going to tell me about this mystery man? You know, just because we have history doesn’t mean you can’t tell me these things.”
“I need some fresh air. I’ll be home for dinner,” He slips out of his mother’s embrace and rushes out the back door. Instinct brings him to the Singers' house, and he walks in the side door without hesitation. He’s on the third floor within minutes, completely out of breath from running up three fucking flights of stairs. They really should put in an elevator.
He could pick the sound of Zeppelin out of the air, hold it in his hands, and it would feel like Dean.
Impatiently, Castiel whines as Dean strokes him slowly, teasing him with his hand. He throws his head back and begs, “Please, Dean, please. I need you—”
With a small, tight smile, Castiel rises from his seat, “I’ll go check on him now. Good night, Bobby.”
Castiel’s trance is broken, and he’s already forgetting his count of Dean’s breaths by the time Dean has finished his question. It never crossed his mind to do any of the things that humans do to prepare for an evening, even if he isn’t sleeping. He supposes that, if Sam does accept Lucifer’s offer and the angels fall, he might need to learn about these nightly rituals.
He can’t think straight. He’s been thinking about begging Chuck to give him some weed or stealing a bottle of Bobby’s liquor for the last two hours. Chuck would probably say no, but stealing from Bobby would be easy. He’s out on a food run with Dean and few others. They’re supposed to get back later tonight, so a quick little break-in wouldn’t be very noticeable. Plus, it’s already dark outside.
Dean doesn’t protest or move away; they just sit there for a few minutes as Dean breathes through the pain and, when he finally looks up, eyes locking with Castiel’s, he looks relieved – grateful, even. It’s the first time he has looked happy to see Castiel in days.
Waiting for Dean to come back through those stupid ER doors feels like an eternity, but Castiel is fully aware that Anna probably needs Dean more than he does right now.
Dean's lips are slow and insistent, pressing against Castiel eagerly but with patience. Clutching at Dean's shoulders, Castiel whimpers into his boyfriend's mouth when he pulls Castiel's lower lip between his teeth. His hands are tethered to Dean's skin, dragging him closer.
The drinks are flowing, and spirits are high as everyone laughs and shares stories with one another. Dean catches Cas’ eye. Across the kitchen, Gabe is animatedly describing his most recent adventure out of the country, and Anna and Cas are following every word like the good siblings they are. But the room stands still for a handful of seconds when Dean looks at Cas. And for that moment, they are the only two people in the room.
He needs to relax, to get his mind off the party and all that it dredged up in his mind. It’s been days since he slept through the night. Sometimes, if Castiel does something to take his mind off the dull pain centered in his chest, he can sleep for an hour or so. He'll do what he has to, even if that means etching the tops of his thighs with a pocketknife or pinching himself until his skin is dotted with blue and purple circles.
Dean shakes his head, lifting his hand to trail a finger down Cas’ flushed cheek, “No, my dad didn’t let me apply to any schools over here. All the good football ones are Midwest or East Coast.”
“I’m not lying to you,” Dean whispers, his stern gaze melts under Castiel’s. For a moment, Castiel attempts to pinpoint the emotion on Dean’s face; he is an inept judge of feelings. But he does notice that Dean’s eyes are puffy and pink, and there is a quiver in his lip that cannot be ignored. Dean rasps out, confused, “Why d’you think I’m mad at you, Cas?”
John isn’t the typical drunk. He’s always been an angry drunk, causing fights in bars, abusing his wife, and occasionally, getting into situations that could hurt himself.
Stepping over the crumpled form of Gordon on the floor, Dean drags Anna’s limp body across the bed and quickly dresses her in what he assumes is her t-shirt and jeans he finds on the floor. Gathering Anna in his arms, Dean heads for the door and rushes out of the house as fast as he can.
She rises from her spot on the couch and scurries off into the foyer, hidden behind the archway as she answers the door. Castiel is completely frozen in place – struck by the possibility that the person at the door could be Dean. And now Castiel isn’t too sure he’s ready to have this conversation with Dean… or any conversations with Dean for the foreseeable future.
The comment passes into the thin autumn air, but Castiel harbors it in the back of his brain. He mulls it over, the sound and syllables, wondering if Dean knows the extent of its truth. Later that night, when Dean has showered, had a glass of whiskey, brushed his teeth, and slipped on a pair of pajama bottoms and a Henley, they both lay down on the king-sized bed, inches apart. The TV in the corner of the room plays at a low volume, painting the walls in a technicolor dream.
“Okay,” Castiel replies, his gaze lingering on Dean’s lips for a second longer than necessary. He clears his throat and exits the room. By the time Dean is making his way to the locker room, the halls have cleared so he whistles his way through them, smiling at a few teachers that pass by.
Castiel has only ever wanted a roof over his head and a meal three times a day, which is apparently hard to find. You’d think the system would at least make sure the families he's placed with can feed him, but foster care really isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Yes, there are the do-gooders, and then there are some nasty families.
The words are too familiar and the position too memorable. Castiel is positive that Alastair’s the one biting his neck, pushing him against the wall, and pinning his arms above his head. In that moment, Castiel is back in San Francisco. It’s happening all over again, and he can’t fight back or save himself; Alastair always makes sure he can’t.
To her disappointment, it is real, and Ellen does what she can under the circumstances. She calls everyone she knows and asks them to look out for Cas. She calls the police station and two officers come to the house. They tell the Singers what they always tell the Singers: that it hasn’t been 48 hours yet, and they cannot file a missing person’s report until that time has passed. They tell the Singers that it is common for foster children to run away (as if they didn’t already know that), but Jo argues anyway, saying that Cas is different—Cas likes it here. The officers look down at her trembling form with something between pity and understanding before nodding and returning to the outside world.
It becomes harder to focus on Dean with Michael pressing up against him. Castiel tries his best to form words, somehow managing to get out an introduction.
Mary smiles faintly, knowing how much her son must be hurting right now, “We all need someone, Dean.”
Although every cell in his body revolts, Castiel moves away from Dean, “Not with an angel watching over you.”
She gives him a confused glance and pulls over a couple stores down from Castiel's destination, "Okay, but why?"
Castiel lays the photo flat on the counter and gives it one last glance before flipping it over. It still hurts to look at the memory that is forever imprinted on the flimsy piece of laminated paper. How many times has he permitted himself to remember Andy and Meg with smiles on their faces as if their lives together were not marked by abuse and suffering? No more than a handful of times, if ever. The world needs to see it though. People need to see them as they were – children. Victims of a corrupt and unpredictable system.
He looks over at his social worker, wishing she’d disappear. She keeps looking at him like he’s going to steal something. For Christ’s sake, he’s going to live here, why the hell would he steal anything?
There’s a sharp knock on the door, and Castiel jumps at the sound. He clears his throat and calls out, “Come in!”
“You really hurt me, Dean,” Castiel can already feel the pain in chest as his cheeks flush red. “When I met you, I had just gotten out of the psychiatric ward and I was being moved into a new foster home. I trusted you. You were the first person I had trusted and believed in for a very long time. But you left me there – in the pouring rain, covered in mud with no way of getting home that night. I spent the next week locked up in my room.”
"Alright, since we're opening up now, I figure I can ask ya' some personal questions." He shifts in his seat, making a right turn. "Ellen's been buggin' me to have the talk with ya' and I've been trying to avoid it."
Castiel nods, and Dean reluctantly digresses, “In the future, I saw Lucifer in Sam’s body. And he told me that, no matter what we do, we’ll always end up in
“I’m fine.” He doesn’t bother asking her how she is; he knows that she will just tell him that they are here to talk about him, not her. “I’m taking my antidepressants and my sleeping aids. I eat three times a day and I do my homework.”
“No one told me…” His voice is much deeper than Castiel remembers it being. It still sounds like Dean, though, just huskier. Dean takes a step forward, his mouth hanging open in a quiet amazement, “You’re home?"
“You,” He gasps as Castiel gradually pulls Dean’s underwear down, revealing his hard cock. "Need you." Tossing the unnecessary garment aside, Castiel takes Dean’s cock in his hand and strokes once with a tight fist.
“Well, now I have something to worship,” Sliding his under Castiel’s shirt, Dean’s fingers gently trace the outline of his ribs as he murmurs into the nape of Cas’ neck. “How could I not give myself completely over to you?”
A few seconds pass in silence, and Castiel says, “I believe you. I just – this doesn’t feel real. Why does it still hurt as bad as it did 8 years ago?”
Dr. Carter enters the room, coffee in one hand, silver hair pulled back into a neat bun at the top of her head. She usually wears it down.
Cas slips his thumbs under the waistband of Dean's boxers and pulls them down slowly. His eyes grow dark at the sight of Dean's cock bobbing out, leaking at the tip. Crawling over him, Cas leans forward and presses his mouth to Dean's ear, "I want you to be begging for my cock by the time I'm done with you." An involuntary groan escapes Dean and he lifts his hips in a desperate attempt to grind against Cas.
“You read too much, Cas,” Jo makes a sour face, dropping a book back into the box and taking a beer from Dean’s extended hand. “Do you ever do anything fun?”
Castiel knows fully well how much Jo has missed him – how much everyone has missed him – and he can’t help but feel a little guilty about leaving the way he did.
“Well, my life story isn’t simple, to say the least,” Castiel focuses less on the rehearsed words coming out of his mouth and more on keeping his body still and collected. “As an adolescent, I was put into the foster care system after my mother died. When I was fourteen, I was placed with a man named Alistair Evans and I spent two years with him. Two of my foster siblings died under his care, but I managed to escape.”
Screaming around leather, Dean bites down on the belt in his mouth as Castiel carefully attempts to extract the bullet lodged in Dean’s leg. He makes sure the tourniquet wrapped around Dean’s thigh is tight as he digs deeper into the wound, pulling a bullet from Dean’s calf with his tweezers and tossing it into the sink to his left. Readjusting his position on the tile floor, Castiel moves until he’s holding Dean’s leg in his lap. He quickly douses the bleeding extremity in liquor and covers it with a fresh bandage, pressing hard to stop the bleeding.
Dean and Castiel were up late last night discussing a plan to recovery, or something as close to it as possible. Dean understands – they all have their vices – it is the apocalypse after all. Weed is a “maybe” as Dean puts it. It’s natural, it helps Castiel sleep, it’s better than drinking or popping pills. It’s better than heroin. But, right now, Castiel needs a clean break. Pills, heroin, weed, alcohol – all of it. Gone.
It’s bothered me for a really long time that I never finished this story. I spent so much time writing it in high school. Now, I’m a 23-year-old graduate student. Honestly, it’s kind of perfect that I can write this section now. The characters are in their mid-twenties now, and so am I.
Castiel takes a few steps into the foyer. Ellen gives him a small, encouraging smile. When he doesn’t smile back, she exchanges a glance with Bobby and leads them into the living room. They sit on a sturdy couch.
Castiel nods and Dean tells the counter clerk. Looking over his shoulder at everyone skating, Castiel becomes very nervous. Tapping Dean on the shoulder, he murmurs, "I've never done this before. I don't think I'll be very good..."
Dean turns on the radio and sings along to Led Zeppelin. Castiel can tell they are heading to San Francisco. They joke around for another thirty minutes until they finally pull into the parking lot of the aquarium. It’s packed.
“I don’t see how I can avoid it much longer,” Castiel responds honestly, twisting his pen between his fingers as anxiety simmers to the surface of conscious thought. “I only went to police to give my full statement after I told you and Jo, but that was after staying quiet for more than year about what went down at Alistair’s… I just can’t imagine that people will want to read about it.”
“I remember lying there after he was finished and wishing that I could fly away but feeling like he’d just ripped off my wings.”
They arrive at the Library Hotel on Madison Avenue by taxi. Castiel is surprised that Dean hasn’t died of a heart attack yet with all the bitching he just did in the cab. The city is chaotic – that’s why Cas loves it here so much. Everyone is busy, and there’s no time to notice him. No time for anyone to get too close.
“Yes, she is. We called her guardians, and they will be here soon.” Proffering yet another small smile to the shaking teenage boy beside her, Officer Mills continues, “I need you to tell me what happened—“
That’s enough to push Castiel over the edge, a spark of heat flaring through him as he shoots behind Dean into bliss. Sated and dazed, they lie facing one another, bodies sticky, the mess of them pooling in the sheets.
“Hey, Rhea,” He keeps his voice low and holds up a pill bottle, rattling it gently, “Can I have one of these?”
She leans down and wraps her arms around his shoulders from behind, murmuring against his ear, “Love is always inconvenient.”
“It doesn’t matter. Maybe he needed it anyway,” She rubs soothing circles with her palm flat against his back, but it doesn’t chase away the stabbing pain in his stomach. Her touch is comforting, but only slightly. “I have faith that he will come back.”
Making their way through the city within a world of survivors and liars, the pair find themselves in a back alley passing a lit joint between them.
She hits him playfully on the shoulder, her golden hair falling in her face, “Go on. I want you home by dinner.”
“Dad’s been working me to death.” Sighing into the touch, Dean’s hands roam over Castiel’s frame, “Christ, Cas, I’ve missed you too.”
“It is going to be very cold,” Scrunching his nose in disgust, Cas looks up at Dean’s freckled complexion. “And dirty.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” He splutters and pushes away from the table, struggling to stand up.
with Cas. Like nothing had happened that awful summer night 8 years ago. Dean’s head throbs with an impending migraine.
Dean won’t tell him what he saw in the future except for a few key pieces of information. If Sam accepts his role as Lucifer’s vessel but Dean rejects Michael, then the angels will fall, and Lucifer will spread the Croatoan virus across the world. Billions of people will die. Castiel will become human. The words spill from Dean’s mouth in a flurry of hollow sound as he paces the floor of their crappy motel room with sickly yellow walls and blue linoleum.
Castiel rounds the corner, adjusting his blue tie, his face flushed pink and his lips red and swollen; he looks absolutely wrecked. He saunters across the room, straddling Dean’s lap, and nips just above the collar of Dean’s shirt, extracting a groan from him.
Gordon grabs a handful of Castiel’s shirt, shoving him up against the locker, “Really, well, maybe you should apologize.” He looks Castiel over, recognition clouding his eyes, “I know you. You’re the fag who threw a bitch fit at the party last Saturday.”
Castiel should really hang up, he knows that he should but he just can't bring himself to do it. Calmly, he asks, "What?"
Castiel forgets to think or breathe. It takes Castiel a second to compute the request. His heart goes into overdrive, the beat of it thrumming through his ears.
Sam continues to shift his eyes between the two before suddenly looking over his shoulder and shouting, “Coming, mom!”
Ben starts to wind up again, but a firm look from Dean stops him. “Hands to myself,” he repeats with a sigh.
“Maybe, but you’re the one who knows the shit and has the skill to get it done. Proud of you, boy.” He reaches into the top desk drawer and pulls out a folded slip of paper.
John’s face is red, edging toward purple, and he snaps the paper closed with a loud thwack before shoving his stool away from the counter. “You’re a disgrace. Your mother—”
His heart rate is still racing, pounding in his ears, so he almost misses Ash’s low chuckle. He runs one hand down Dean’s naked torso, hand warm against the chill in the air. “Jo is going to kill us,” Ash murmurs.
He runs his second finger teasingly around the soft pucker, entranced by the way Dean’s body opens for him as he pushes it inside along the first. He pumps them in and out a few times before gently scissoring them open. “Come on, baby, put in another, I need more,” Dean pants, hips grinding to force himself down onto Cas’ fingers.
The nurse obviously thinks Ben is making small talk to distract himself, but Dean knows Ben well enough to guess he’s leading up to something. Dean just isn’t sure what.
“Cas?” he breathes, not turning his head. With a soft hum, Cas arches his back, pushing his hips back to nudge against Dean’s crotch. There’s a faint twitch of movement against his backside and Dean groans.
Castiel approaches to try again, but Ellen beats him to it. She lays a hand on John’s arm. “John, let Castiel try,” she says softly.
Dean wishes Ash a good night and retreats down the hall to his room. As usual, he leaves the door cracked so that Ben can come in if he wakes up during the night. He strips, and then pulls on clean boxers and the holiday pajama bottoms that were a gag gift from Sam and Jess last year. The pants are soft fleece and covered in tiny penguins dressed like Star Wars characters wearing Santa hats. He pulls on an old, worn Foreigner t-shirt and climbs under the covers. He can hear Ash moving around out in the living room, padding to the bathroom, then back down the hallway. Instead of wallowing, he ignores the cold weight in his chest and forces himself to focus on getting to sleep so that he can be up before Ben. Santa doesn’t have time for an existential crisis.
. It was always one of Ash’s favorite songs. He gets to the end of the second verse before the phone is ringing. He pauses only a moment before tapping accept.
Soft lips trace the edge of Dean’s jaw while Cas’ hand finds bare skin under the hem of his shirt. “You are, Dean. You and Ben, you’re everything.”
Charlie purses her lips, her eyes narrowing as she studies him. “I was calling your name for at least twenty seconds. Are you sure you're all right? Maybe we should call your doctor.”
Dean rolls his eyes and spends a few moments willing his body into standby before he turns a glare on Cas, eyes flickering between his face and the road. “That’s because you’re distracting. You did that on purpose.”
Cas sniffs. “Not all PhD candidates become professors.” He pauses and then smiles a small, sly smile. “Yes. Youngest in my department. By three years.”
"Dinner is ready," Cas says, like he didn't just send Dean's brain into critical system failure, or whatever the computer term is.
Dean wants to watch, to see Cas's hand run shaky over his own cock, the last of his control shattered. He also wants to help, to wrap his fingers on top of Cas's and pull rough and fast until he pops.
It wasn't that Dean hasn't thought about anal stuff before, but it wasn't like it was something he ever, y'know... dwelled on. Dean wasn't ever sure it was something he even wanted to try, because it just seemed like a whole fucking lot. And maybe not even all that comfortable?
Dean is whistling and cleaning his Colt by the time Sam makes it back to their hotel room. (Later than Dean, which is saying something considering Dean and Cas had trouble separating and it took them nearly an hour to finish putting themselves back together.) Cas is back working his sources. He's promised that something is coming, it's just going to take time; Dean trusts him.
Amelia and Claire practically jump out of the car when they hit the driveway. They scurry into the house to find Jimmy. Dean doesn't blame them.
Dean doesn't ask why. It's not just that he knows the answer; it's that he understands the question.
"No, uh. No. Just, y'know. That giant one over there." He jabs a thumb at Sam, and tries on a grin. "And my Baby, I guess. My ‘67 Impala," he clarifies, just in case Jimmy gets the wrong idea.
Cas pulls his eyes away from Dean's, and the smile withers off his mouth. "That was a long time ago."
Well. See? We got there. Though I admit that the creative cursing in the comments for ch 15 did sustain us through a cold weekend. One more to go, we're pretty excited to be finishing this little project as scheduled.
But Sam hasn't been completely taken over by whatever brainwashing shithold she's got on him, because he's nodding, too. "Bobby has some books on angelic lore, we can—"
In the lights of his little room, Dean's irises are a thin rim of jade around dark pupils. Dean's watching him go to pieces, and likes it.
Castiel's stomach twists, going cold, but before he can pull back, Dean's hand is on the arch of his jaw. He smiles. "But you're really making me want to learn, Cas."
He goes to lift his flask to his lips, ignoring Sam's judgmental stare, then thinks twice about it. And offers it to Cas.
Huh. Maybe that’s part of why Dean feels so light; he remembers the way everything about Bobby’s house felt a little gloomier, before.  He pulls another towel absently towards himself and wraps it around Cas's back, toweling off the water on him, too. He knows the water's cooling on his own skin, but with whatever-it-is humming between them, Dean doesn't feel cold anymore. Maybe he won't ever again.
made my deal. You didn't get any choice in the matter for any of that bit of it. And if—" Dean's voice cracks. "And if there's something inside you that, I don't know, makes you more attractive to demons? Then what the hell do I have inside me, huh? The things I did in Hell? It wasn't just desperation. I enjoyed them. It was so good to finally be good at something. I liked it, Sammy. What's that say about me?"
Dean blinks. Wow, okay then. They’ve probably had the world’s weirdest ways of being introduced to the family, but this one takes the cake.
Dean jerks upright. "Lilith?" he hisses. It's probably a hallucination. Probably. But they can't take that risk. There's no fucking way she made it through the wards and into the panic room without them knowing, though, no fucking way, and—
He takes a few unsteady breaths. Even with the air conditioning raising goosebumps on his skin, he can hear the rasp at the back of his throat. "I think I'm out. All I'll do is get myself or someone else killed and I know—" his voice breaks and it takes him some time to steady it again. "And I know that's not what you'd want. You’d be so pissed.” The laugh that rips out of him feels like it’s going to leave him bleeding. Because Cas would be pissed. He really would. “Cas, man... I'll try, but I don't know if that'll amount to jack shit."
They press together and there's twin sighs of relief, delight and possibly something a bit tangier, headier. Cas's hands go to the hem of Dean's shirt, tugging gently, and just like that, he's shirtless.
Because... yeah. That's exactly what it is. And... he can feel Cas's eyes on the side of his face, asking—so quietly—if Dean's okay with this.
They're hunting nonstop, now. Dean knows he's been pushing them, even harder than he usually does. He hunts hard; he sleeps harder, in fits and jerks, and, once, when Sam shakes him awake out of one of his dreams about Cas, he almost takes Sam's hand off.
They sell by the slice, which is perfect, and Dean orders them four slices to try. There’s a key lime that has a whipped cream topping just as tall as its tart filling, and a local berry that looks black and glossy, covered with a crumbled and sugary topping. A chocolate silk slice looks like the best kind of pudding, smooth and sweet. And finally, apple: butter crust, small and well-cooked chunks of apple spilling out the edge, specks of cinnamon and nutmeg easy to see on the glistening fruit. The little cardboard containers are packed up into a brown paper bag, along with forks and napkins.
It's a lie. He does. He remembers the chains, the ties that bit into every inch of his skin even though he knows that's not even possible, the way he bled and screamed. He remembers when they took the metal off and let him free. Except he wasn't free, was he? The knife in his hand chained him there.
Amelia is stirring beside them, but honestly, Dean can't be bothered to check if she's okay. Jimmy's bleeding out in front of him, looking down at the thick wet mess of his neat button-down like he can't believe it.
the sudden buzz, like bees landing on his skin and just about to sting, the cold lack of understanding in the kid's blue eyes would've clinched it.
Dean catches sight of Cas out of the corner of his eye, lingering at the corner of the room. He felt the prickle of the angel wards going back up just a moment ago; he assumes Michael's headed off to do whatever it is archangels do when wandering the earth for the first time this epoch. Cas sends a warm look his way and a feeling of deep contentment, a little finger of amusement. That part’s a little new, getting specifics like that; it only started happening in the last month or so, but Dean likes it. Cas kisses the tips of his fingers, the sap, then moves off towards the second floor, and their bedroom. They'll talk later. They’ve already got the guest bedroom set up for Sam.
"Embarrassing," Castiel interrupts him, eyes looking anywhere but at Dean. "You can see all of my scars."
Dean snags Castiel’s hand from where it hangs loosely by his side. He looks up at Castiel, a question burning in his eyes. A blush creeps up Castiel’s neck as he slowly nods, keeping his gaze as neutral as possible. It’s almost imperceptible, but it’s a yes. Dean places it over the erect outline of his dick. It pulses under Castiel’s palm. His head swims with an overwhelming surge of desire, fingers tracing the firm curve of Dean’s erection through his jeans.
Castiel briskly enters the house and climbs the stairs two at a time until he reaches the second floor. Stopping with his hand on the handle, Castiel rests his head on the door to his room and releases the breath he was holding. Turning the knob, he pushes forward and observes the walls of their home one last time.
“He’s a runner; I just thought you should know that,” Naomi pats his knee, and he shifts away in disgust, as if her touch held some unknown contagion. “But Castiel always does excellent in his studies and he never fails to follow orders.”
Nodding, Castiel smiles at her half-heartedly and watches her disappear through the side gate. Pulling his collar up, he dashes through the rain and into the sanctity of the house. He feels like a feather floating aimlessly through the clouds of heaven and down to earth.
Castiel shoves Gabriel off him and stands, tearing the photo from Dean and shoving it into his back pocket.
Nodding in encouragement, she sighs, “Yes, I understand that, but for the police report I need you to tell me exactly what happened again.”
“Dean –” Shaking his head in an attempt to rattle the words into existence and out of his mouth, Castiel finally forces himself to lift his eyes up, “I’m so sorry.”
Of all the heavenly rules he could break, he didn’t expect it to be this one. Falling in love with a human seemed like a long shot but, here he is, throwing caution to the wind and defying all orders from heaven to stay by Dean’s side.
The beach is beautiful in the spring. There are small delicate flowers growing on vines that snake through the sand. Castiel picks a petal off the nearest one and places it on the end of Dean’s nose. He giggles at the Dean’s confusion.
“Cas…” Dean watches him like he’s covered from head to toe in signals, warning danger ahead. Or trespass at your own risk. Seconds pass before he tentatively rests his hands on Castiel’s sides and looks up at him through his eyelashes. “Are you sure?”
They walk up hand in hand, not saying a word to one another. Only when the door of Castiel’s bedroom is closed behind them does Dean say break the silence, “Happy Birthday. I got you something else, besides the music I already gave you.”
Looking past the Officer Mills, Dean makes eye contact with the nurse he was with before and asks, “Is she awake?”
At the end of the movie, almost everyone watching raises their fists along with the character who dresses like a homeless man. Castiel doesn’t understand why.
“Um, yeah,” Castiel nods, closing the notebook and leaving it on the kitchen table. He crosses the room and walks up to Dean, pressing a gentle kiss to Dean’s cheek, “Let’s go.”
There isn’t time for Castiel to say goodbye to Dean’s parents; he’s being dragged by the elbow up some stairs and into Dean’s room in a matter of seconds. Dean cautiously closes the bedroom door behind him, eyes trained on Castiel. He’s not sure, but Castiel thinks he sees
“We went hiking for a few days and he’s pretty worn out, so I let him sleep in today.” Holding the door open for him, Dean explains the situation, “His name is Kurt, he’s a black lab and my best friend.”
“C’mere baby,” Dean calls to him, pulling Cas into his warm arms and kissing away the tears that stream down his face. “I got you.”
“No,” He answer too quickly. “I spent some time in a hospital after I was rescued from the house, and then I was moved into a new foster home in Pacifica, CA. I was eventually adopted by that family just before my eighteenth birthday. There’s more to it than just family though, and I can say that there is even a little romance mixed into it.”
"I love you, too," He responds, smoothing the back of Dean's cold neck with his hand. "But I'm also hungry and cold, so can we go get some food?"
“Sounds good! Where’s it at?” He asks Gordon weakly as he meets Castiel’s passing glance with a heavy heart.
Cas shifts away, setting his book down on the bench beside him. He looks off over the field with a pinched brow, thinking deeply.
Dean’s eyes bring him out of the clouds of thought and back onto the Winchesters' front stoop, arm still raised to knock. The older boy steps aside and gestures for Castiel to enter the home.
He shrugs and picks up a paper from the table, reading the words on it but not processing the meaning.
“I am essentially worthless to you,” Castiel sighs, dejected and tired, as he sits on the windowsill. A chill creeps through the cracked window and runs up his bare spine. Perhaps, it’s the weed talking, but Castiel unleashes his thoughts into the room. “I was once able to snap my fingers and pull you out of death’s grasp or touch you and cure you of most ailments. I can recall the feeling of sharing my grace with you, of touching your soul in the most intimate of ways, and I
Castiel clenches his teeth, wishing he could deck the guy, “Dean and I are friends and that is all we will ever be.”
He brushes himself off and offers Dean a weak smile before stumbling down the hall and into the bathroom. Castiel nearly falls to his knees when the pain becomes too much, but somehow Dean’s at his side, holding him up.
He takes the stairs two at a time, wishing that they would just build a goddamn elevator already, until he reaches the third floor and jogs into his room. He closes the door behind him and flops down onto his bed, admiring the glow-in-the-dark stars he stuck on the ceiling earlier this month. They give him something to look at when he can’t sleep. Perhaps Adam should get some as well.
Mary places the silverware on a towel to air dry, looking up at her son. She smiles, “I doubt he hates you, sweetie. And even if he does, you can at least walk away knowing you tried to make things right after all this time.”
“Cas…” Dean says breathlessly after a few minutes, “There’s...um...stuff in my bag. I need to grab it.” He pushes Castiel off him and rummages in his bag on the side of the bed, pulling out a condom and a small bottle of lube. He smiles cheekily and places the items on the bed.
Tangling his fingers in Cas’ dark hair, Dean bites down on his lower lip in a weak attempt to stifle a moan, which still escapes his lips. Upon hearing the sound, Cas just ever so slightly grazes his teeth as he bobs his head back up and elicits some ungodly and unexpected sound from Dean’s mouth. There’s a warm tight feeling building in Dean’s lower abdomen that he can’t ignore much longer. Occasionally, his hips jerk without warning, but Cas keeps going, never pausing.
“Looks like you’re already having a pretty good time, kiddo,” He answers, speaking over the roar of the music. Someone pushes her to the side as they try to make their way through the crowd, so Dean grabs her arm to keep her upright, “How much have you had to drink?”
The thing is Cas is right. Dean’s the jealous type. Hell, he already feels the little pitch of heat rising through him, protective and clingy. He probably would’ve kept his distance had he known Cas and Balthazar’s history. But Cas is looking at him like he’s the goddamn sun, and he can’t say no now.
“We need some help downstairs; someone has gotta set up the chairs. You boys don’t mind, do you?” Glancing knowingly between them, Ellen watches them scramble off the bed hurriedly and head downstairs. After they have left the room, Ellen turns to look at her daughter, “Those two don’t deserve to have to keep it quiet.”
Jo nods, solemnly, “She was good for him, I think. He misses her sometimes; I can always tell. I forget that he was in the car with her, but he gets nightmares every once in a while.”
PSA: I have a beta now! Irena, you're amazing. Thank you for all your help with this chapter and I'm so looking forward to working with you more on this story as it progresses. Go check out Irena's
Peering up at menu board hanging on the wall, he then turns to Castiel and asks, “Do you know what you want? I’ll just order, and you can go grab us a table outside.”
Castiel stares hard at the ground in front of him, searching for answers in the brown grass and gritty gravel. The graveyard is pretty in December—not the type of pretty that is green and bright and blossoming—but a bitter pretty that has a receding cold light that infuses the lonely lot, illuminating the loss that it represents.
aspect he can’t handle. Day after day, Castiel forces himself to open his eyes and feel. One morning, maybe he won’t have to open his eyes.
“Way to go, Dean. You should’ve known better than to ask him that. Wasn’t it obvious?” Jo glares at him, swatting his hand away from her tray.
All the teenagers have gathered in the kitchen, passing around plastic cups and soda. Castiel stays by Dean’s side, not sure where he fits in. He notices Adam is also standing quietly on the sidelines.
“You are every bit of gorgeous that you were at seventeen,” Dean says breathlessly, his eyes roaming over the expanse of Castiel’s body. “You weren’t going to stop me.”
life just try to believe that something good is happening to you, will ya? Just this once. Be happy.”
"S-sorry," Blushing a bright red, Castiel looks down at his lap. He sometimes forgets that Missouri is psychic, but she never fails to remind him.
The game ends shortly after the sun sets. They won, but no one really seems to care because they still aren’t gonna be moving on to playoffs. Coach rounds up the team and babbles on about how well they all played this year, how much they’ll all miss the seniors that are graduating, and how he’s looking forward to seeing the returning faces next year. When they break, Dean goes directly to his father with is head low and his bag slung over his shoulder like a coward. But really, what’s there to be afraid of?
Dean emits a deep hum from the back of his throat in response as Castiel glides his hands over Dean’s bare sides beneath the covers. He flattens his body against Dean’s and skims his hands up Dean’s sides and over his stomach. He sweeps his fingers down the older boy’s toned abdomen and rests his flattened palm just below his bellybutton. Releasing a delicate breath against the soft skin of Dean’s neck, Castiel skims a finger over the waistband of Dean’s boxers.
“You can move the furniture around if you want; you aren’t sharing a room. Normally, when we have a full house, each kid has a roommate. You got lucky.”
Shaking his head, Dean grabs Castiel's arm and yanks him to his feet. Castiel instantly loses his balance as his body jerks from side to side in order to level out his moving feet. Dean half glides, half stomps to the rink's gates. Castiel mimics Dean's movements and makes it onto the smooth floor of the rink.
“Dean…” Jo interrupts his terrible heartbreak with a soft voice, and then stops, cautiously making her way over to him. She kneels beside him, careful not to step on any glass. Reaching up and brushing her thumb affectionately across his forehead, she sighs, “He’s probably just…”
Dean forgets about them quickly with Cas ushering him into his room and locking the door behind them. Grabbing a handful of Castiel's starched white shirt, he pushes the younger boy against the door and slots their mouths together, tracing Cas' plump bottom lip with his tongue. It earns him a gentle groan from the back of Cas' throat, sending chills down Dean's spine as he slots their hips together effortlessly.
Castiel has seen them - the Croats that can observe and plan, start fires and shoot guns. So similar they could almost pass for humans. They’re dangerous and absolutely terrifying.
After having changed, Castiel shuts the passenger door behind him and turns to Dean, “So, what are we doing today?”
Voice barely a whisper, hot breath flooding the incremental space between them, Dean says, “Kiss me, Cas, please.”
The sky is gloomy, as always, and Castiel’s black sweater hangs from his body in a way that hides his toned abdomen and strong arms. As they walk, Dean carelessly throws an arm across Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him tight against his side. Their steps fall into the same pattern and Castiel smiles.
“No, not like that. I was asking you how you were doing, but I called you by Cas instead of Castiel.”
“You gotta shower. You smell bad, man. I can’t share a bed with a guy who smells like he got dragged through a dumpster.”
Lady jumps from her spot on Castiel’s bed and hops onto the window seat, nestling between his socked feet. Reaching out his hand to scratch gently between her ears, Castiel watches his dog lick his ankle lovingly before closing her eyes in contentment.
“If you ask me that one more time, I think I might vomit,” He snaps frantically, closing his eyes and breathing deeply through his nose. Without another word, Dean shuffles over to him and gazes down at him fondly.
Three days after they come back from New York, Castiel starts packing his things to move into Dean’s house.
That’s what this feel like, Castiel thinks. Making up for lost time. Their bodies are different now, but the movements are so familiar that it feels like coming home. There is an ache in Castiel’s chest that reminds him just how much he’s missed this – missed Dean. All these years, trying to find anyone who might make him feel the way Dean does, and failing miserably each time. All those wasted nights spent on men who could never make him as whole as he is with Dean.
"An assbutt!" Castiel clarifies indignantly, stumbling slightly and reaching for the nearest thing to steady himself on, which happens to be the front of Dean's shirt. With so little space between them, Dean whispers, "I've never heard that one before..."
Castiel looks down at her and lifts his arms above his head to stretch, “That was such a long fucking drive.”
“Safe,” Castiel echoes vacantly, his screams dying away. “Just a dream.” Castiel feels odd, looking into the green of Dean’s eyes. This place and this moment feel more like a dream than his nightmares do. His nightmares feel more real than reality itself, or at least the pain that accompanies his dreams is so real. He shoots forward, hooking his arms around Dean’s neck and hanging onto him like his life depended on it. Choking through the sob that works its way into his throat, Castiel cries, “I love you.” And then this moment and place really don’t feel real, because he’s only said that in his dreams.
“Fuck,” He grumbles quietly under his breath, hot shower spray hitting the top of his head, and he sags at the thought of having to get out so soon. Annoyed that his shower is being cut short, Castiel roars back, “Gimme a sec!”
“Stop!” The first one, a blonde women who can’t be older than twenty-five, shouts, “Please, don’t shoot! We’re not like them – we’re human.”
He can feel Dean’s presence beside him, unsure. Dean edges closer and kisses Castiel’s shoulder, “Don’t apologize. You did nothing wrong. I should’ve waited.”
At the dinner table, Mary shovels meatloaf and mashed potatoes onto Dean’s plate before moving to her own. Dean watches his mother closely, noticing how her hands have begun to wrinkle and the color of hair has faded. They pass the dinner in comfortable conversation; Dean relays to her all the funny kindergartener stories he’s collected since he last saw her, and she tells him about the garden she’s growing in the backyard.
What the hell happened? Dean can’t figure it out for the life of him. His first thought was that Michael slipped something in Cas' drink. But that’s not likely; no matter how much of a scumbag Michael is, he would never do that.
Dean catches Cas’ bottom lip between his teeth and pulls at it, pushing Cas down onto the bed and hovering over him. Licking into Cas' mouth, Dean flicks his tongue across Cas' bottom lip and clutches at his shirt desperately. Their tongues dance together, deepening the kiss. Castiel makes a little noise in the back of his throat, encouraging Dean to grind down onto him.
This beautiful boy with blue eyes the color of shattered glass and a heart that is too bruised to be worth saving is on a suicide mission, but Dean is trying to save him anyway. This imperfect, gorgeous human being who just needs someone – something – stable in his life. This soaking wet teenage orphan sitting in the sand who has enough damn secrets to last him a lifetime just doesn’t fucking know when to stop hurting and let Dean in. That’s all Dean wants him to do. Just let him in.
"Good, that's what I wanna hear," He mumbles, pulling into the parking lot of the hospital extension. Castiel unbuckles and reaches for the handle, but Bobby stops him, "You're a good kid, Cas. You can call me 'dad' if you want to from now on, alright?"
After Castiel says goodbye to Ellen and Bobby, the two boys head out to Dean’s car. The second the doors shut behind them, Dean starts the car without a word and begins driving towards the water – away from home – and that’s when panic weasels its way into Castiel’s brain. They drive in silence all the way to their spot by the bay, and once Dean parks the car and cuts the engine, Castiel faces the cold indifference of complete stillness.
When they arrive at the house, it’s lit up from top to bottom in extravagant Christmas lights and garlands. A winter wonderland minus the snow. At least it’s not raining. Bobby answers the door with a grin, dragging them both into a hug, and leads them into the kitchen where everyone is chatting and helping with dinner. It’s a full house. Family and friends have gathered under one roof today to see Dean’s baby brother get married to the girl-next-door. This is probably the biggest gathering the Singers have had in a few years. It’s the first time Cas has been home when all his siblings are here in nearly a decade. Maybe that’s why he kept trying to delay the inevitable, distracting Dean into staying home instead of attending a massive Christmas gathering and wedding.
Dean lifts his hands as if to defend himself, but he falters, staying silent for too long. He slumps forward, resting his elbows on the table before dropping his face in his hands.
Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel sees Dean enter the library. He watches as the older boy stands on his toes and scans the room until his (perfect) green eyes settle on Sam and Castiel. Nearly knocking over a table, Dean crosses the room and pulls out the chair across from Castiel.
“Because you’re compromised right now.” Dean replies coolly, setting his gun down on the table and wiping his hands on a rag. He still won’t look at Castiel. “You can’t go, Cas.”
Ignoring the response on the other side of the door, Dean shoves the door open and it’s as if time stops for a moment. The room is still in the pale blue light of the moon filtering through the window, illuminating the bare and unmoving flesh of Anna’s naked body. Above her, Gordon scrambles to pull his pants and boxers up from around his ankles as he climbs off the unconscious girl. And now – now all Dean can see is red. He sees fire and blood and searing pain. Marching over to the bed, Dean elbows Gordon out of the way and goes to cradle Anna’s limp head in his arms. Pressing his fingers to her neck, Dean checks her pulse while Gordon still struggles to redress himself.
He chooses a seat in the back and pulls his windbreaker tighter around him as he rests his head against the glass. The sky is still dark grey, but the pink tinge of dawn begins to grasp at the clouds. It’s early in the morning and the world is solemn before dawn, as if still recuperating from the death that is night. Soon there will be rebirth and then, once again, another death.
With a roll of his eyes, Castiel heaves a sigh and rinses the last of the soap from his hair, shutting off the water as he steps out of the tiled stall. He dries himself off with a towel and wraps it around his waist. When he exits the motel bathroom, he finds Dean perched on the end of the bed, captivated by the T.V. screen with a beer dangling in his right hand.
“Okay, I’m giving you full control here, Cas.” He sits back on his haunches and flattens his ruffled hair half-heartedly. Castiel wishes he could tangle his fingers in it again. Lowering his voice and pressing the heel of his hand against his clothed erection, Dean groans. “Tell me what you want me to do.”
“I can’t believe her sometimes,” He huffs in frustration, stomping over to let her out onto the lawn. As soon as the screen door opens, she bolts out and rolls around in a floppy heap on the green grass.
. He couldn’t stop even if he tried. There is also a part of him that will always want to push himself further out past the edge of this reality. Who would have thought that ex-angels are at-risk for drug addiction?
Dean doesn’t stir from his spot at the kitchen table. He’s clearly fallen asleep, body limply collapsed, head resting on the rough, unpolished wood strewn with maps and notes. As Castiel approaches, he takes in Dean’s peaceful expression. For a minute Castiel allows himself to enjoy watching over Dean like he has done so many times before. Dean dreams, and Castiel hopes that he is somewhere far off and better than here.
Still, Dean’s the one who always knows what to do, and it must be exhausting. Castiel can see it now in the set of his shoulders, the glint in his green eyes, the hard outline of his jaw clicking into place.
With shaky hands, Castiel grasps at the sheets and sobs, “I’m sorry for breaking your heart. I’m sorry, I’m so fucking sorry…”
“Dammit Cas! You shouldn’t ‘let me’ do anything to you. You have to want it. Don’t do this because you think it will make me happy. I should have stopped…I shouldn’t have even started in the first place. You weren’t ready.”
Standing again, Dean moves to the fridge and pulls out a small container of half and half. As Castiel opens his laptop and logs on, Dean pours a small amount in Cas’ cup before putting it back in the fridge.
Licking his way up her neck and pulling her into a bruising kiss, he grabs her sides and presses her down onto his lap, grinding into her. When they pull away from one another, he mutters sharply, “Get in the back seat.”
To share a breath with Dean in the shadows, out of the light, is greedy. Even though Castiel is giving, not taking, he feels indulgent. And endlessly empty.
Hesitantly, as though she is afraid Dean might flip his lid with any sudden movements, the nurse pats his knee and stands, “Stay here, Dean. I will be right back.”
“He didn’t come home last Tuesday night. He’s been skipping classes and meals.” Last Tuesday was the bathroom incident; a wave of guilt passes through Dean’s body. He clenches his jaw, finding it difficult to say anything without losing his composure. Sam continues on despite his brother's lack of response, “You can try to protect him from Dad, Dean, but can you help protect him from himself? I honestly think he needs you a lot more than you think he does.”
Dean shoves her playfully, “Oh, shut up, Pam. You’ve seen most, if not all, of me. But I know you’re just dying to see a little bit more of Cas.”
“Like what?” Cas snaps, still refusing to turn around and face him, “Like it really isn’t that bad? You do not know anything Dean. You have not lived it; therefore, you cannot tell me shit like that.”
When he finally bottoms out, they are both gasping for air. Cas stops for a moment, but Dean gets impatient, leaning forward and then ramming himself back onto Cas' dick. Behind him, Cas makes a choked sound.
“Like…” Breathing in sharply, Cas ponders the question, choosing his words carefully, “When my mother died it was like forgetting what the sun looked like. Like the color was drained from the world.” The words fall out in twisted, fast sentences of hurt and anger. “And he was like burning off all your flesh and stabbing pins and needles into your tongue and eyes and lungs every second of every day. Not being able to breathe. Not being able to scream.” Each word comes out harsher than the last and stings the air with resentment.
“You do,” Castiel insists, hands reaching desperately for Dean now, to bring him back, to hold him close, to kiss him, but he steps away, backing himself against the door. His body hits the wood with a soft thud that makes Castiel jump. He looks so small, eyes red with tears and lip quivering, like a child.
The bell rings, signaling it’s finally freaking time for lunch. Dean packs up his things and heads for the door. Just as he is walking out, someone grabs his shoulder and pulls him back into the classroom. Henricksen gives him a sarcastic smile and sits down at his desk, motioning Dean over.
He wonders if this will hurt – not a physical pain, but an emotional ache in the center of his chest. He hopes it does. There is something about being in control of his own pain, his own suffering, that makes life bearable.
Dean sucks in a deep breath, lifting his eyes from the steering wheel to press his palms to his eyes. He shoves Castiel’s hand away in the process.
Ellen looks to Castiel, “You haven’t said a word since we sat down. Why don’t you tell us a bit about yourself, Castiel?”
"So it goes..." Dean chimes, leaning against the headboard and crossing his arms over his chest. "See you."
“Well, uh, I tried to raid the medicine cabinets earlier, but you did a pretty good sweep of them. I couldn’t find an errant aspirin, let alone a benzo.”
The honking and scent of wet tar sends Castiel into a serene headspace, tugging at the lapels of his brown trench coat. The rain sprinkling overhead is only beginning and it’s much colder than the mild autumn weather in California. Dean slides out of the taxi, collecting his bags, and when he gets up to the curb, he just stops. Eyes wide, Dean gazes at the glimmering skyscrapers towering above them and exhales, his hot breath appearing in a flash through the frigid air.
Castiel can feel Dean's smile on his neck as the slightly taller boy nuzzles there. His voice vibrates across Castiel's flesh. "It's Frank Sinatra." It's then that Castiel realizes that Dean has started to move their bodies in a slow dance. With a smile, Dean turns Castiel to face him, "Y'know, you can dance with me, Cas." His breath is soft against Castiel's ear, one hand clasping around Castiel's and the other settling on his waist. Dean's voice is thick and dark, singing lowly in his ear, "Fly me to the moon. Let me play among the stars. Let me see what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars." The entire situation is making Castiel a little breathy. Dean is leading their bodies around the room, his voice still singing along in Castiel's ear.
Castiel walks over to him and wipes the snow from the boy's face tenderly. "You're so beautiful," He murmurs, realizing how the white of the snow illuminates the freckles across Dean's nose and cheeks. "Thank you for bringing me here."
“Alright, let me put on some music,” Dean smiles as he closes the door behind him and crosses the room to his music collection.
Castiel attempts to collect himself and responds, “I forgive you. I’d be lying if I told you that I didn’t think about reaching out to you, too. I convinced myself that what you said was true, because it really was easier than wondering what
Slowly, Cas pulls away just an inch, their lips still so close. His breath ghosts over Dean’s lips when he breathes out, “What did Mr. Henricksen want to talk to you about?”
Cas’ forehead creases in confusion, “Why do you have to do it and why am I required to come as well?”
Bobby slowly peels out of the parking lot and Castiel enters the building. He checks in and heads to Sharon's office, entering without knocking.
Blushing deeply, Castiel pulls away slightly and elbows at Dean’s ribs playfully. In retaliation, Dean captures him in his strong arms and pulls the younger boy to him. They wrestle for moment until Castiel turns his head abruptly and catches Dean’s lips in a kiss.
Castiel doesn’t bother to say anything, he just waits patiently. When he doesn’t reply, she looks over at him and whispers, “Oh.”
“A noose made out of sheets,” Cas cries quietly. “After I told Jo and Ellen about Alistair, I panicked.”
“I’m not goin’ anywhere, Cas,” Dean urges, lifting Cas’ face and kissing him as though Castiel might shatter or disappear or both. “You’re the one for me. I’ve spent years thinkin’ that I’d lost you forever, but here we are – I’m not going anywhere.”
“Oh, and it’s now your duty to ravish me every chance you get.” Tilting his head, Cas gently brushes his lips just below Dean’s ear, murmuring, “I expect you to fully wreck me on a regular basis.”
Dean moans into Castiel’s mouth as he comes, and the former angel breathes it in, kissing him like a fool hopelessly in love, his heart soaring along with Dean’s orgasm.
“You’ll be fine, Dean!” Sammy shouts from the car and flashes them a smug grin, rolling the window up as he drives away. He leaves them standing outside the flight check-in area.
In the recesses of his front pocket, Castiel fingers a thin slip of blue paper. This is the first time he’s committed medical fraud, but there is a bounce in his step that keeps him from thinking twice about it. He steps up to the pharmacy counter within the Super Walmart and hands over the paper along with a fake health insurance card, giving the woman behind the counter a carefree smile. She takes the bait.
Dean watches Cas’ lips turn upwards in a frail smile at the sounds, following the boy’s blue eyes as they skim over the golden scenery. There’s something about the way the glow of a sunset and Castiel’s smile that never fails to make Dean’s heart stop in his chest. Something that perfect shouldn’t be allowed on this earth – it belongs to the heavens or somewhere so much more deserving of its beauty. For Christ’s sake, Dean couldn’t put the sight of it into words even if he tried. He could spend his entire life gazing at Cas, and that’s the simple truth.
“Just shut up, Cas. I don’t want a fucking excuse.” He lets the silence fall again, and he contemplates leaving, but he chooses to stay, “I will wait.” Nodding to convince himself that it’s true, Dean blinks his watery eyes, feeling frustrated that he would even allow himself to get emotional over this. “I will wait to hear you say it. But…but I can’t wait fucking forever. I only have so much time on my hands, Cas. If I could wait forever, I would, but I just can’t.”
“You’re sick.” Dean says it so plainly. He doesn’t raise his voice, or blame Castiel, or call him a liar; he just gives Castiel a pleading look. “Let me help you.”
Finally, Castiel breaks the trance and looks away. Without Cas staring him down, Dean tries to get a better look at the other boy. The closer he looks, the less he sees a normal teenager. Now Dean sees it all: the dark bruises under Cas’ eyes, the small circular burns along the length of his arms, and the sadness, so much sadness.
Dean glides through the room, saying hi to familiar faces and introducing himself to the unknowns. Finally, he makes his way to the makeshift bar set up at the kitchen counter, pouring himself a whiskey and Cas a glass of wine. Placing the glass before Cas, Dean kisses his cheek and sits next to him.
An hour later, as they walk back to the car, Castiel hauls Dean into a darkened alley and pushes him against the nearest wall. Desperately, Castiel plunges forward and brings their mouths together, caressing Dean’s bottom lip with his tongue. Dean responds quickly by sliding a hand to the back of Castiel’s neck, dragging him closer to deepen the kiss. Dean groans helplessly, craving the feeling of Castiel’s hands and tongue on his body.
“Fuck…” He grumbles, cutting the engine of the Impala and looking towards the front door. “What the hell are you doing, Dean?”
“Fuck what’s best, Cas,” Dean answers urgently, closing in on Castiel. He reaches out and cups Castiel’s face with one hand. He tilts Castiel's head up until their faces are only inches apart. “We ain't gonna survive this shitshow. I’ll be damned if I don’t spend what I got left being with you.”
Sam smiles at the dog and then back at Cas, “I keep begging Jo to let us get one, but she won’t budge on the subject. I’ve always wanted a golden retriever.”
It’s not that he’s actively avoiding Dean like he was before. Something has changed between them, but Castiel is still cautious, anticipating another fall out. Because, at this point, he knows a relapse is inevitable. He knows that the possibility of him falling into old habits is a lot more likely than staying on the beaten path.
Cas cuts him off with a snort. “Amazing?” He shrugs, sliding back up to Dean’s eye level and laying down with his arms folded behind his head, “I’ve always been good at that.”
In the living room, Dean perceives the shuffle of feet and the front door closing with a quiet click. He fumbles with the box and tosses it into the safe, closing the door and locking it as Cas glides into the bedroom.
. Hollowing out his cheeks, Castiel sucks on Dean’s cock and feels it throb against the inside of his cheeks, cherishing the sensation as he grinds his own hips into the bed, eager for friction. After a few minutes of making Dean squirm, Castiel is surprised to feel Dean’s hands in his hair, pulling him back up the bad.
Dean’s voice hardens as he shakes his head tightly. “No, you’re not. That’s a fucking suicide run, Jo. Don’t be stupid.”
“No, because I don’t think we’ll ever win.” Dean confesses, and it makes Castiel’s stomach lurch. “I’m startin’ to wonder if this is the wrong universe or path or whatever the fuck my choice resulted in to finish the fight.”
“I’m not gonna let you forget,” Dean presses a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head and mutters, “Never gonna let you forget.”
Not really. He hasn’t bothered to. It seems pointless to grow attached only to be ripped away again after a few months.
There’s a massive crowd of people outside the auditorium after graduation. It’s a sea of blue and white gowns, tassels lifting with every gust of wind. The ceremony was long and Dean kept having to sit up and then sit down; it got pretty old. Dean’s pushing through the crowd in search of his family and friends. Jo’s golden hair catches Dean’s eye, and he makes his way towards his family. Cas is laughing at some joke Gabriel has just told him and Sammy is making googly eyes at Jessica while the parents chat nearby.
“You’re awesome,” Dean kisses Castiel, cupping Castiel’s cheek. One kiss leads to two and two leads to three; it doesn’t take long for the boys to be completely focused on the movement of lips and tongues and hands. Obviously, Dean isn’t ready to end the date, and Castiel doesn’t really feel the need to go home just yet either. Dean breaks away and trails sloppy kisses down Castiel’s jaw, “What time do you need to be home?”
Castiel breaks the silence, “Did you ever think about reaching out after your dad was out of the picture?”
“Flip over,” Cas whispers, rolling off him and going to his bag to fish out the lube. When he returns, Dean is on all fours, ass stuck out in the air. Castiel releases a groan, “Dean Winchester, you are stunning.”
They finish what they came to do and then they discard the evidence before they make the trek back to the house in their dazed state. The world feels softer now, kinder. Maybe it will make dinner easier to bear, with the world so happy and open and free, or maybe it will make the world deceptive and false to the naked eye. Either way, Castiel can’t possibly feel any pain with the THC running through his brain. God bless that sweet girl Mary Jane, she really does work wonders on teenage boys.
Dean crawls back into his place on the bed, turning off the lamp as he lies down. Curling his naked body around Castiel’s frame, Dean nuzzles into the crook of Castiel’s neck. His breath begins to even out after a few minutes, and Castiel counts each little puff of air, wishing he could spend the rest of his life watching over Dean.
Immediately, Dean notices the way Castiel’s body stiffens at the question, shifting away and towards the window. It’s so obvious that Dean finds himself frowning at the familiar response he had memorized in the past; Castiel’s body language letting him know that he’s crossed a line somehow.
“Fine, alright. You’re one stubborn son of a bitch,” Dean releases an exasperated sigh, knowing that he’s already lost the battle and it’s not worth arguing any further. “When are we leaving?”
Dean is the golden boy with a golden tongue and golden fingers. As far as everyone else is concerned, Gordon is – and always will be – second best to Dean: good, but not quite good enough. Dean could kill someone, and he’d still be praised by every single person in town.
They walk into the quaint coffee shop, a small establishment that they both used to go to when they were in high school. Off to the side, his favorite table still idly sits away from the bustle of the front counter. Facing out the window onto the street, Castiel spent a lot of time reading or writing or thinking at that table; especially after he no longer had anyone to sit there and talk to for hours on end.
“And we’d all get second-hand stoned from Ash,” Jo continues, pulling a laugh from both Dean and Charlie. “I was grounded for a week when I came home from your place and ate the entire pan of brownies mom made for the church picnic.”
Will relaxes against the booth. “Good. Man, you’d think I’ve been out of the game for a decade instead of four months. I’m normally not this big of a dork.”
“So what happened at the end? You two were all cuddly and then all of a sudden you were stiff as a board again.”
“There are a million other things you could do. Stop letting dad dictate everything. Meet someone and start dating. Get a normal job and actually have a life.”
“I don’t, no, I don’t think so,” he stammers. It’s been three weeks since the movie night at Dean’s house and he and Dean have been texting each other several times every day. Dean has been asking him about going to Charlie’s game night, but Castiel isn’t sure he’s quite ready for that yet.
Dean kneels down to get eye level with his son and calls his name softly to get his attention. He’s learned the hard way that barging into Ben’s space too abruptly leads to disaster. “Hey, bug, we gotta get goin’. Big day tomorrow,” he says once Ben turns to look at him.
Bath time, pajamas, snack, and brush his teeth. Cas helps where he can, sometimes anticipating something that needs to be done and doing it before Dean even gets the chance to mention it. It goes so smoothly that Dean finds himself tucking Ben in a full fifteen minutes earlier than usual.
Dean responds to a few comments and questions on his Facebook page and picks a few different pictures to post. He makes sure he uses a good one of Charlie and tags her in it. Although they haven’t announced the accident to the press yet, they can’t wait much longer. Dean not training will eventually leak. He argued for waiting until they see what the neurologist has to say on Monday before making an announcement. Charlie and John reluctantly agreed.
Meg rolls her eyes. “Can’t you just talk like a normal person for once? Just say that he wants to jump your bones.”
Meg’s voice is muted as she tells the crowd to stick around for their next set, and movement bustles around him. Voices lowered to harsh whispers, and then finally the weight of a body sliding into the booth next to him.
Will pauses and for a moment and Castiel isn’t sure he’s going to enter the house. He looks around warily, then steps over the threshold and turns to push the door closed behind him.
Carl’s eyes widen in shock and Dean gives him a wink before turning to sprint to the car. Cas already has Ben buckled into the back and he sits in the passenger seat with his hands covering his face.
Dean is pretty sure his heart has stopped. So much for going slowly around Ben. The kid is way too astute for his own good. Cas looks at him for help over Ben’s head and Ben swings back around to study Dean. “Maybe, bug, but we’re more like daddy and Benny right now,” Dean says. He catches Cas’ eye to be sure he is okay with that explanation. Cas smiles and nods.
“I masturbate, but not often. It feels good, I guess.” He shrugs. “I don’t feel the urge to do it as often as…” He blushes when he meets Dean’s eyes.
Cas seems to consider the topic closed, but Dean isn’t done. He wants Cas to understand. “Even if me and Ash are over, I can’t cut him completely out of my life. I need to you to get that. He’s family. I work for his step-father and his mom is the closest thing I’ve had to a mother since I was four. No matter what, I’m still gonna see him on holidays and stuff. He’s still gonna be part of my life.”
Sam curses and the sound of a door closing echoes through the phone, followed by the rustling of Sam getting comfortable. “Weren’t things getting better? The neurologist said you could swim.”
When Dean’s alarm goes off, he comes awake more gradually than he had in the early moments of the morning. The melody is still there, drifting through his head, but not as insistent or sharp as it was the night before. In a fit of pique, Dean pulls up his playlist and blasts AC/DC as loud as he can while he takes a quick shower.
--for the rest of the day. Until he remembers, as he's heading to his room to change for bed, that the blanket is still in Dean's room.
Dean can feel the difference, but he's definitely getting the nervous, shaky, eager 'oh shit, there's no damned way this is going to work' feeling as he presses his cock where his fingers were. He's not even in and he knows how tight this is gonna be—he's going to have to brace his cock with his hand to even have a hope of getting in there.
Cas bends towards the corpse and draws a long blade—it looks identical—from inside... somewhere, because Uriel couldn't have had that up his sleeve and still bend his elbow.
"The things that one learns about bodies, I suppose," Cas starts. "That your bow legs are congenital, not an effect of your childhood. That your eyes refract the light differently depending on your mood. That your right kidney is rotated just the slightest bit to the left. That your soul..." a hand comes up, and traces down the curve of Dean's side. "That your soul will never stop fighting."
Dean looks away, refusing to meet her eyes. Instead, he decides to see if he can Swayze the curtains. (He can’t.)
"He's going to get you killed." Jimmy says in a low voice. He's shaking. It's been a long day for him and Dean doesn't begrudge the man his worries. Dean thinks it, too; has thought it before. "Again."
They probably should go back inside the barn. But Dean's not sure he's ready to show this, whatever it is, to anyone else, and he doesn't know how he feels about spending the night alone, either.
The rhythm Cas has set up on top of him is so fluid and so good, it's like they've been doing this forever. When Dean lifts up a hand and rests it on Cas’s flank, the feel of those muscles moving in a powerful roll underneath his fingers is making him want to grip and touch and just never let go.
"Do you remember?" Cas asks, kisses dotting downwards, under Dean’s chin. "I said we had a profound bond?"
"I didn't know about it," Cas reminds them. "Neither did Anna, and she's higher-ranked than I was. But ultimately, does it matter? Either Ruby is trying to get you to Lilith to kill her because she truly is trying to stop the apocalypse—"
Dean makes an executive decision, and not just because someone really needs to go in and turn the oven down if this goes on much longer. "Okay kid. Uh, Sam's coming by later. If you're still… awake, or around, or whatever, you should come out and talk."
Cas shakes his head. "I had... something to hold onto. Something to anchor me to myself." He puts his hand on Dean's knee. "I don't think I ever thanked you for that."
Cas kisses the back of his neck softly, then behind his ear, his hairline. There's no real intent there, just soft affection.
But the intensity and the connection are back as soon as they figure themselves out again, and Dean's got his head back against the pillow, the soft mattress underneath him squeaking gently as they both move. Dean still has his hand gripping Cas's ass, but he can't exactly say he's in control. He's not sure Cas is, either, even though every little lick and touch along the handprint makes Dean's vision flicker white.
Dean shrugs. Other than what comes up in movies, he's only got the vaguest idea of what people do on dates that aren't finding each other in a bar and hooking up. "Dinner. Out. Maybe comb our hair first? Not a movie, though, I'm not sure I could sit in the dark in public and not be antsy as shit. Maybe we'll find something interesting to do along the way."
Tessa graces them with a vicious smile. "My boss sent me to issue an invitation to lunch. He wants to meet with the, and I'm quoting now, 'tiny little seraph who has the audacity to think he can ignore prophecy, and his even more insignificant ant-like human.' End quote."
Then Cas grabs his hands back, and when Dean looks up, barely daring, those blue eyes are wide, cobalt. They flick up and down between their hands and Dean's gaze like Cas can't decide which to look at. He says, with an urgency Dean can feel on his skin, "You... do you remember? Your dream... you said…” Cas stammers, sounding less angelic than he’s sounded since Dean met him, “I know that for you it was probably just a dream... but I said I would remind you."
The thing of it is, normally he'd be right about it bothering Dean. Privacy is a thing for Dean, maybe because he's had precious little of it. But Cas isn't purposefully invading his space. He just speaks a language most other people can't. Besides, Dean can tell some pretty private stuff about what’s going on in Cas’s noggin, given half a chance.
Dean turns just enough to meet Cas's eyes. Cas's eyebrows are up. "Michael hasn't walked on Earth since the first vertebrate crawled out of the ocean," he observes.
Cas's eyes narrow a little thoughtfully at the exchange, but he says nothing. Instead he looks at Pamela, tilts his head and squints. "You… are a psychic?"
Dean laughs louder and opens his eyes the rest of the way, shimmying up to place a kiss on Cas's neck. He eyes his angel's Adam's apple with interest as Cas lets his head fall back to give him better access.
Dean's lips thin. He digs his phone out of his pocket. No service. "They didn't exactly grab both of us. So he's probably turning over Heaven and Earth."
Dean has to stop and smile, some tiny little bit of fear letting go as he watches Sam, first, making an effort, and then not needing to make any effort at all. Dean was right, they're both nerds, and about a lot of the same things. He can see Sam practically itching to take notes while Cas lectures about something to do with Enochian etymology in an oddly casual tone. It’s sort of interesting, though, and Cas is keeping Sam’s attention with ease. Bobby’s, too, now that Dean looks over.
Dean lets his hips ride into it, back and forth. It feels like he's thrusting into air, which should feel sort of stupid. At least, until Cas brings his other hand back up, now wet with lube, too, and gives him something to thrust into. Dean's whole body bows into that.
"Well," Dean begins, slowly, "I think there's a good chance I might have to kill my brother sometime next week. I'm pretty much the poster child for marrying your one night stand in Vegas, except it's like I've known you my whole life, and that's also kind of freaking me out. I've just, this second, realized I kind of have in-laws now, and that's just not something that should ever have happened in my life. And to top it all off, you're dude-shaped, which honestly doesn't bother me like I thought it might? Like, at all? But I'm much more okay with it, because holy shit we are
Eventually he and Sam agree on a tentative truce, leaving the big topics behind. But it only serves to emphasize the other problems they're having.
Bobby cocks his gun anyway. "I'm of a mind to shoot first and ask questions later, but seeing as how she's being so accommodating, let's at least ask her what she wants."
He knows just what's coming as Cas teasingly kisses the tip of each fingerprint, and the grind of their hips moving together becomes rhythmic. He knows.
Cas sighs, his legs spreading wider, and he starts pulling Dean on top of him and into the cradle of his hips. His hands reach down, slide over Dean's ass on top of his boxers, and the pressure of it rolls their hips together. Cas gasps softly when their erections brush through two thin layers of fabric. Dean rests his forehead into Cas's sternum, trying to catch his breath.
"Release sounds nice," Dean says casually, moving a leg to pull Cas's hips a bit further into his orbit. “I could go for some of that.”
"Like this, for now," Cas says, guiding Dean's fingers downwards and back behind himself. He sprawls forward, over Dean’s chest. "Remember how I started with you? Just go slow. Feel your way. I'll be fine.” He flashes Dean a mischievous smile. “Do you think my being an angel will protect us from our mutual inexperience?”
the Word. It can't not be: Chuck is a true prophet.” His jaw works as he thinks. “But... like translations of the King James or semiotic copies of the Torah, I'm not sure it's the... only truth?"
Dean's not sure what to do with that. 'Cause that means that Cas is thinking about surviving this, too.
Sam nods, already propping open his laptop. "It's your assets that might take longer. They don't like freeing those up without a boat load of paperwork. We'll help, of course, but you might need an actual lawyer... oh!" Sam looks up, his expression interested. “You were premed, right? Did they take your fingerprints for any of your volunteer stuff? That would help a lot…”
"Actually, the religious iconography of the halo used to only be associated with Jesus Christ, not angels, and didn't appear in imagery until the fourth century," Castiel answers, with a small smile. He tucks his hands into the pockets of his trench coat and eases a hip out. "And as a representation of his logos, his divine nature, in some representations he didn't appear with it until he was baptized."
He also looks both a little bored and endlessly fascinated by the pile of food in front of him. He appears to be making slow but concentrated effort through something fried and meat-like, complete with a thick white sauce. It's messy food, and he’s eating with his hands, but the guy is still somehow perfectly clean.
