More grief, pain, and sorrow spread across his chest as he realizes why Cas had stopped him. With a short `I heard your prayer´ Dean had cowardly gone quiet. He didn’t know at the time, why, but Cas stopped him from saying the words. It led Dean to believe even more than the angel would, could, never love him. But now, now he knew why Cas had stopped him. The Empty would have come for him, Dean realizes now.
Closing the book in front of him, Dean looks around at the empty and quiet library. It’s been a day since Jack came to visit him, and he is just about to give up for the day, having found nothing. Then he hears the sound of a book falling to the floor. Mir jumps from her place by Dean's feet, head turning to stare at the source of the sound. Dean looks to the bookshelf he had half-emptied today but there is no sign of a fallen book anywhere. Walking over to the shelf, he finds a small and black leather-bound book hidden behind the self. Dean picks it up and just stares at it, turning it over. It’s just a small insignificant old notebook. At least until he removes the thread holding it together.
Without hesitation, Dean quickly pulls out an angel blade, hidden in the sleeve of his jacked. From his pocket he pulls out a small, round glass ball, tied to a chain. It was only the size of a small clinker.
had changed, already the day they had returned from the empty. He’d gone to Dean’s room to look for them. When he opened the door, he’d first seen their intertwined hands, resting above Dean’s heart. He’d smiled at them, at the way they lay so close, faces turned towards each other. Even when they were sleeping they longed for each other. Sam had quietly turned off the lights in the room and taken the tray of uneaten food with him, closing the door, still smiling. If they didn’t figure shit out
The story of a man afraid of flying, and an angel afraid of falling, who somehow met in the middle. They stayed together despite fate, despite what they are, because they refused to be pulled apart.
And now it was too late.
But. It's what’s in front of him that scares Sam the most. Eileen too.
Mathilda and Taylor would get their separate room, and the couples Leo and Xand, Severin and Alex, would get one of the bigger rooms. It wasn’t really a question about space, because if there was one thing they had in the bunker, it was space. They could probably fit twenty more hunters, even if they all wanted separate rooms, as there was a whole wing of the bunker the Winchester had never used, barley stepping a foot in there. It only needed some cleaning, some more furniture, and whatever decorations and renovations the new residents wanted to make a home.
«You know I love seeing you in my clothes.» Dean smiles and closes the distance between them. His smile widens as he teasingly stops short of kissing the angel. He can’t stand it for long though, and finally kisses him after having longed for it all day. One of his favorite times of his day was always the moments after he had just gotten back from work, and sees Cas again. Getting to kiss him again after having missed his warmth and love all day. «Merry Christmas, my love.»
Dean hid those feelings as if his life depended on them never being seen. Now, he wishes he hadn’t done that. He wishes he had taken that road instead. Wishing he had dared to turn onto the road that scared him more than anything.
“Wake him up!”
And then the empty is filled.
Dean moves to his closet, pulling out some clothes.
“Lasagna. And there might be some pie for dessert.” Sam smiles as Dean's face lit up with an even brighter smile. Eileen's famous lasagna has become a favorite in the bunker, and Dean never passes an opportunity to eat the best lasagna he knows. Sam takes the smile as a yes, and closes the door, leaving Dean to wake Cas.
These arms. The only arms Dean wants to hold him.
This was before Sam knew they actually had gotten together, but he had suspected
Thank you so, so much for reading!<3
angel. When Dean raises from hugging the dog, he runs off, continuing down the hall, most likely headed for his favorite resting spot by the fire.
They all knew there was something between the two, but no one asked them or said anything, and as long as they hadn’t announced anything, they would keep it to themselves. Right after the new hunters had moved in, when some of them were in one of the smaller libraries, one of them had asked Sam about them. But only that one time. They seemed to understand how the two were very private.
“I’ve wanted to talk to you about something. Tell you something.”
Time passes without them noticing. Too caught up in each other. In their kisses. In their embraces. In their words.
His touch.
«I´ll kill you though if anything happens to her…» he says, and getting a warm and sweet laugh in return.
Running faster than he ever has before, Dean reaches Cas and falls to his knees in front of him. His eyes are slightly opened, but not focused. Dean cups his face in his hands, turning his face towards Dean so that Cas finally
The smile on his face.
Before he can talk himself out of it, before his coward heart wins again, Dean lays down beside the angel. Laying on his side, he studies his face, as Cas falls back into a more peaceful sleep. With a smile on his lips, so does Dean, only moments later.
Cas doesn’t know why he would wake, because sometimes he woke up alone in the quiet darkness. But other times the Shadow would come to wake him.
«Dean…» Cas closes his eyes so he won’t be looking into his eyes when he says it. He knows what comes next, and for just a moment he wants to think it´s real.
“Don’t leave, please.” Cas whispers, but the words still reach Dean as he reaches out to take Dean's hand, and a tear escapes down his face, still half lost in sleep.
He prayed to him.
“These are Period One inscriptions. Mostly just copies of runic stones, telling stories of hunting deer and seals and... Ah, something about a murder, and banishment. Nothing exciting really.” Closing the books with a heavy sight, Cas looks around at the other books. “This one is more exciting.”
Nothing else matters anymore, as long as they have each other.
. Then he lay his head to rest beside Deans, finding peace himself as his heartbeat one last time just for
«I´m going to tell you I love you until I take my last breath, and there is absolutely no way you can stop me. Not even if you kill me yourself, will I stop saying it. These three words will be the last words from my lips, so nothing will ever again stop me from telling you I love you, whenever I want to. And I want to. You make the words easy for me to say, and I love you even more for that, each time I speak them out loud. You make me want to live Cas, not just survive, get through the day.... but
“I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable, Dean... I just know what it’s like to love you.”
«Really, Dean. After everything we’ve seen, you’re willing to risk it? Come on. Get out. You can’t see him before the wedding.»
Thank you to everyone who has read, commented, and left kudos!!<3
The figure is laying on the ground, peacefully. Dead quiet. But he’s still alive, Dean can feel it.
Cas dying before Dean even realized what his words meant.
Starts into the void.
With soft kisses painted across his face by Dean, Cas wakes with a smile on his lips. Locking his blue gaze on Dean's green eyes. In the silence, laying there close to each other, Cas’s fingers move lightly across Dean's face, as he fondly looks down at the angel in his arms.
Family.
, at the moment, after everything that had happened, it felt good to just be him and Cas.
The second time, he took to studying his eyes, because he wanted to remember those bright green stars. That’s when he had noticed something was wrong. Cas knew after only a few moments of looking into his eyes. They were wrong.
«Do you… do you want this back?» Dean whispers as he holds it up, the little glass ball glowing faintly in his hand. He looks at Cas carefully, suddenly almost nervous.
At 8:10 am, the kitchen door is unlocked and an old and gray-haired Sam Winchester smiles at Jack as they greet him with a smile, reaching out to take the cup of warm coffee he hands them. Sam sits down beside Jack, the two of them staring at the sky as the sun appears at the horizon. None of them speaks for a very long time.
“Believe me, I wish they’d just get their shit together. I might have to lock them in a room together, refusing to let them out before they have.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Over the last years, his feelings had been burning so intensely that sometimes he didn’t know if he’d survive the fire. Recently, his feelings for the angel had become so strong that some days were like torture for Dean, and it had become even harder after Cas had lost his grace, becoming human. But, Dean still kept it all to himself.
«Jack, I need you to know that. I know Cas was… is. Is your father and I know he’s your family, but so am I. You are my family too. I would do anything to save you. Of course, you are important to me, of course, I love you. Never ever doubt that again.»
“Of course.”
“Even the freckles.” Cas raises his hand, stretching it out to cup Deans face. His thumb gently strokes the space underneath his left eye. “The pattern is so right I almost believe it’s him.”
When he reaches him, Dean kisses him lightly on the cheek before taking his hand, pulling him close as they follow Sam down the hall.
The road won’t care if you live, or if you die. It might lead you on your way all alone, but the highway don't care if you're all alone. The road will be your whole life, but the road won’t hold you when you need, dry your tears, or wait for you to come home.
And for the love of the man beside him, it was all worth it.
The dog seems to understand him as he turns his whole being around to place his front paws on Cas’s thighs. Cas smiles at that, greeting Miracle with gentle strokes on his head as the dog looks questionably at him. “Hello, there. Aren’t you a gorgeous little one?”
«Dean! What the hell are you doing here?!» Charlie comes up behind Sam, staring at Dean with the same look his brother is giving him.
If the situation had been different, Sam would have yelled at his brother for making such a mess of the library. Books are everywhere. On the floor. On the tables. On the chairs. Some opened. Some closed. Some has fallen out from the shelf. Some thrown across the room.
“Chuck got Lucifer out of the empty? Why?” Jack asks with a puzzled look on his face. Just as confused as the others.
With a sad smile playing on their lips, Jack gives their home one last look before turning, disappearing in between the trees. Across town, Jack stands in the middle of a street, outside another sweet looking home. This time Jack heads to the backyard, sitting down on the porch swing close to the door leading into the kitchen. They sit there for the rest of the night, watching the faint glow of the stars still visible above. The blue eyes following the journey of the moon across the sky.
“Cas... are you hurt?” Dean pulls away quickly to look the angel over. He didn’t see the blood on his clothes before, or how he holds his arm in a weird way. The sight of blood on Cas makes Dean almost panic a little. “Is that your blood?”
, accompanied by the brightest smiles he can remember to have smiled in weeks. She returns the smile with one of her own as she reaches up and kisses him.
Their touches have become a refuge in a broken world.
“You...” Anger radiates from the figure.
Seventy-nine days after Dean's 91st birthday, on a beautiful and warm spring night, Cas is woken by an electric spark making his heartbeats slow against his chest. He looks over at the man lying close beside him in bed. Breathing softly, slowly, with a smile still lighting up his face. Dean's face is always turned towards Cas, bodies always so close that they touch. Although the years have taken hold of them both, bodies no longer young, he’s still beautiful where he lays. Still Dean Winchester.
“Oh. Together, then.”
Together they set fire to each other as their touches burns along their skin, their lips intensifying the flames, hands trailing all over to savor the fire. Having tasted his touches, kisses, Dean will never be the same, and he will never want to be someone who hasn’t been set on fire by the angel.
that truly mattered, made living so much more difficult than he had ever believed.
Love.
«Well, yeah. I’ve been waiting for you to figure your shit out for years now. I didn’t want to say anything about it, but how you acted when he was gone. And when you got back, how you were even more attached at the hip than before. The first night when I was up to get something to drink, I walked past Cas’s room and I noticed that no one had been in the room and since Cas is human and needs sleep... I wasn’t certain, but I was pretty sure about where he was. The night after I saw you both going into your room when you went to bed. You’re not as sneaky as you think. You need to work on your poker face if y’all are going to keep it a secret.»
“Thanks.” Her shy smile makes all the butterflies in Sam's stomach run crazy.
They only separate when a voice down the hall calls them for dinner.
Even if they were bickering, fighting, the love glowed so strongly Sam was almost taken aback by it. Like when Cas had come home from a hunt with a cut on his cheek that needed stitches, and Dean had flipped out. Just the thought of Cas getting hurt or Dean losing him again seemed to break something in Dean. They had stayed mad at each other the rest of the day, not saying a single word to each other, and yet... The touches were there, the fussing when Dean cleaned the wound, the looks they gave each other, the way Dean melted against Cas when they sat down by the fire that night. Dean sitting down beside Cas, leaning against his chest, Cas with a hand around his shoulder.
Dean slowly picks up the book, handling it carefully, as if it's a holy treasure. The pages are filled with handwritten notes about the Empty, and about the Shadow that roams the void.
When Eileen finally wakes, her smile lighting up the dark of their room, Sam kisses her before pulling her even closer. They had gone to bed early last night, but they hadn’t slept much. He could still see how she glowed as she lay there in his arms, her naked skin only covered by a thin blanket. He’d never had anything against mornings, but it hadn’t been until he’d started waking with her in his arms, that he truly enjoyed the mornings. Not as much as the nights, but as long as she was beside him, he was smiling.
Dean has never felt so alive as in this moment. His heart bleeds of love, his soul screaming with the will to
Sam prepares four avocado-toasts, displaying them on two plates, then he pours one cup of coffee, and one cup of tea. When he sits back down, Eileen walks into the kitchen, smiling as she joins them at the table. S
Once again, the motel room only had one empty bed when Dean and Cas arrived only half an hour later, finding a sleeping Sam in one of the two beds.
“So, what are your plans for today?” Sam asks both of them.
«It’s… I don’t know… I’m just worried, I guess.»
Standing there in the middle of the floor staring at the book by his feet he has to catch his breath as he stopped breathing at the words.
“Cas?” Meeting Sam's eyes, Cas could see how he has picked up on Cas’s lowered mood. “Talk to me.”
Both Dean and Cas notice the smug smile on Sam's face the next day, but them pretending as nothing happened, almost seems to annoy his brother a little bit. Sam probably thought his little mischievous plan would make them finally say something, the annoyance spreading on his face as they act like everything is as it always has been, is so much more fun to watch.
«Besides, we spent enough nights apart, and I don’t want to spend the night before our wedding alone, or any other night for that matter.»
Dean was lost.
Dean has been dead, several times.
«You knew?» Dean says it with a small chuckle because he knows his brother is probably going to tell him the same thing Jack had told him.
, Cas shifts in his chair, refusing to meet Sam's look.
Okay, so this fic turned out waaaayy longer than I had planned. First, I was going to write just a short tumblr post, but that turned out to be a one chapter fix it fic... and now I have three more chapters in my drafts and I don't feel like I´m done anytime soon, so I have no idea how long this is going to be, but I am having way to much fun writing this. I think this is my new therapy (that I definitely need after the episode-that-shall-not-be-mentioned).
Dean watches Cas the whole way home, a loving smile playing on his lips. Their intertwined hands resting on the seat between them.
“Leo suggests I should get out on a hunt once in a while, to get a break from all the work here, so we found a case, some ghost haunting a school. It’s not far so we should be back by tonight. You could join us if you’d like to?”
At the sound of a door closing somewhere in the bunker, Dean hurries down the hallway until he stops in front of his room. Gently knocking while looking around to make sure no one is there to see him, he can hear muffled footsteps from inside the bedroom. The door silently opens and he is met with a sleepy face that lights up in a bright smile as he looks at Dean.
Cas, the prayers always found their way to him.
“Cas... how did you get out?” Sam finally asks, eyes locked on their interwoven fingers, a smile playing on his lips. Dean doesn’t care, he’s spent too long hiding his feelings for the angel. He’s never doing that again.
That was what hurt the most.
Dean never really believed he’d get to experience any of this. He might have dreamed of it, wanted it for so long, but he’d never dared to hope for it. And now… now he had everything he’d ever dreamed of.
“Cas...?” Dean whispers his name carefully, his eyes shining bright as Cas half turns to look at him. A glowing glass ball hangs in a chain around his neck. But it is Dean's eyes that Cas takes to study. His stare is met with a sad but bright and loving smile. Dean takes his hand in his, holding on tight to support Cas.
Jack was his home.
«Well, it not like the relationship between you and Cas is the best-kept secret in the universe. You two have been pining after each other for so long I honestly wouldn’t be surprised if you had been together this whole time.»
«I know.» He manages to choke out before he collapses in the darkness.
«I do.» Dean is so mesmerized by the man standing in front of him that he almost loses his ability to speak, to breathe. But as it's his turn, the words clearly echoes through the room. The ring fits perfectly.
How wrong he had been.
“Yes. It’s an ancient Nordic language. But these are mostly runes of the Elder Futhark. You’re probably looking at the general Younger Futhark translations, but if you look for the Norwegian translations from the 2nd century it’ll be easier.”
He let himself watch Cas for a few moments longer before raising from the bed. A new day on the road waited.
Dean has never felt more
Cas, speechless from the kiss, watches him with his intense blue eyes. Eyes that seem brighter than ever before. The blue is even more beautiful up close.
“You stayed out driving all night?”
«Yeah.» A tear escapes from his eyes as he smiles sadly at the kid.
I like to imagine that something like this is what really happened after they defeated Chuck and got everyone back. Sam wanted to keep hunting, and he wanted to create some kind of community, or network, like this, for hunters. Eileen would of course be by his side, kicking ass and training future generations of hunters. They would be amazing together, establishing something like this.
“Dean. About... about the things I said.” It takes a moment before Cas is able to meet his eyes, continuing. “I don’t expect anything from you. I need you to know that it’s okay that you don’t feel the same...”
They sit there in silence for a long while. Dean staring out at the room, his eyes not really falling on anything. Jack is leaning against Miracle in the chair beside them, carefully and lovingly stroking the fluffy ball of sunshine.
NB!! The chapter includes the death of main characters and can be skipped if wished.
Dean´s eyes are the most beautiful Cas has ever seen. His bright smile like a star lighting up the empty. The man he had been in love with for so long. The man he had sacrificed everything for. The man he knew he couldn’t have, but still, Cas kept loving him. Until his last breath. Standing in front of him now, Dean was as beautiful as ever.
Cas responds with a small chuckle, his breaths tickling Dean's neck, nose softly running over his skin. His hand cups Dean's face as he leans forward to gently greet Dean with sweet kisses. Smiling into the kiss they hold tight around each other, their naked bodies warming their skin against each other.
The next time is worse.
“I think... I know, that I want to stay with you. I want to be with you. Live with you. Love you. I want to grow old with you. I want you, so I’m not going anywhere either, without you.” Cas’s word is only a quiet whisper against his lips, but they heal Dean's soul and heart in a way he didn’t think possible.
It’s not the end of the story, simply just a new chapter.
“Whatever the angel wishes.”
Their kiss is like the answer to a question they’ve both been asking all their life. It’s a lifeline in a cruel world.
His Cas.
Each day it has gotten colder, a sharpness added to the air. Autumn is slowly letting go of its hold, welcoming the winter cold. And with November showing off, the night is clear and the sky filled with beautiful stars.
“It’s amazing,” Cas adds with a smile.
He couldn’t talk to Sam.
The thought scares the crap out of Dean, because with it, he realizes how much his brother sees. Not just what’s going on in front of him. But everything, Sam sees everything. Which makes his request too real. And he gets it. Dean and Sam lost Cas, but Sam is slowly loosing his brother too. The realization makes Dean speak with more honesty than he has in a long time.
«You might have lost Cas, but I lost both of you. I barely recognized you, I couldn’t find you after he died. You were so lost in your grief that I was seriously afraid I was going to lose you too, lose you even more than I already had.» Dean looks back to his brother, not knowing what to answer him. «I´ve never seen anyone grieve their
“Dean just... talk to him.”
«Of course, Sammy,» he stares into his coffee, relief clearly passing over Dean´s face and he knows that his brother notices. «That would probably be good for the both of you, to get out and away for a while. Just working a good old fashioned hunt, without the whole world being at stake»
entire life, protecting
“Okay. I’m leaving in about an hour, you ready?”
«Cas.» Dean moves closer to him, a hand against his cheek, a soft kiss against his lips. «I’ve already told you. All of me is yours.»
“Send us back, let me take him home.”
Their bodies pulled close, treasured as if the other´s are a temple to worship at.
“If I’m not back by the time we set, he will barge in here, wake every single being resting here. And turn them against you. You will never sleep again. You’ll spend the rest of eternity having to deal with all the angry creatures you’ve got trapped in here.” It’s a long shot, and Dean hopes the Shadow can’t tell that he’s lying. Eventually, Jack would probably come looking for them, when Sam went crazy for waiting for him to return. But how much time passed in the human world, Dean didn’t know. So how long they’d stay here, Dean didn’t know...
“Don’t you ever leave me again you sonofabitch!” The words should’ve sounded rough but they came out gently as Dean pulled back to look into the angel's eyes. “You hear me? I can’t lose you again.”
«Sammy? Please turn off the light or close the door, I need at least half an hour before I can function as a human being. And I prefer to suffer that half-hour in the dark.»
Dean Winchester drew his last breath with a smile still spread across his face, their good night kiss still lingering on his lips. No pain. No fear. Nothing left undone. Nothing left unsaid. Dean Winchester’s heart beats one last time, for his angel, at 5:59 am.
«We´ll make up for them.» With a last quick kiss, Cas takes Dean's hand again leading them down the hall to the kitchen.
Their hands still intertwined.
every feeling, every particle of air around him, all the threads, it all transform into one single emotion, as Dean lays eyes on Cas’s true form for the first time.
Hands exploring and feeling out every inch of skin. Their bodies merging as they move against each other in the comfortable darkness of their room. Moments turning into hours as they lay there tightly against each other, sweet words of love bleeding from their lips. Sweet touches of love burning over their bodies as they learn one and another with their hands, fingers, lips, mouths.
“It’s not like it’s the first time you’ve robbed me.”
Sam had known Dean before Cas, Dean without Cas, so he could see the protectiveness in them both. The way they loved each other from afar, and he found it strange that they didn’t show it more now that they finally could, knowing the other would answer. He’d thought that when they finally got together, they wouldn’t be afraid to show everyone that they loved each other. Eileen had said that the way she saw it, as someone who had only known Dean
«What do you mean?» He knows damn well what he means, but he still needs to hear it. If only to make himself more certain of the words Cas had spoken because they still sometimes felt like a cruel hoax that Chuck threw his way. But if so, he still wants that hoax to be the only thing he believes in.
The Shadow, in the shape of Dean, rolls him over, and lays against his chest, staring down at Cas.
The blue eyes figure stands by the edge of the forest, outside a cozy looking house, a garden and backyard lit up by the moonlight. Jack's fathers had chosen to settle a little bit outside town, their house in the middle of a small forest, down by the edge of a small beautiful lake. The lights are off, but the blue eyes linger on the window on the second floor, the one on the right side. A black, very very old, 1967 Chevy Impala is parked in the driveway, beside a jubilee gold 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V. With quiet steps, Jack moves to look around the corner of the house.
«He showed Dean what
“Of course I do.”
“What?”
“Cas. Stop. I need to say something.”
“Hey.” Dean smiles as he finally opens his eyes to look at Dean. Cas gives him a smile in return as he tries to rub the sleep from his eyes.
A feeling.
“No wonder every single being I’ve met has cured the Winchesters. You make all our existence so difficult with all your ‘being a hero’ stupidity. The Winchesters should have been destroyed before they even existed.” Oh, yes. The Shadow is real pissed off now, Dean thinks as he smiles down at Cas.
«It was the only clean one I could find after I showered earlier.» He smiles as he meets Dean in the middle of the hallway. «And I was too lazy to do laundry… Since you were still at work I figured you wouldn’t have any use for it at the time, besides you don’t seem to mind when I borrow them.»
But as Dean enters the room, Cas close by him, he curses his brother at the sight of the empty bed in front of him, Sam snoring on the one beside it. Because, behind the wall to his left Dean can see a third, empty bed. His stupid brother had, without doubt, asked for a room with three queen-sized beds, just to annoy him.
«Morning, freckles.» The new nickname makes him chuckle as Cas gently strokes a thumb underneath his eye, touching those beautiful marks painted across his face. He found them to be one of the most beautiful things ever created. Exploring his body, Cas had found them on the back of his shoulders too, and some on his collarbone. But the ones on his cheeks, those were his favorite. “Did you sleep well?”
Dean is wearing the most loving and happy smile he’s ever smiled.
His kiss.
Cas sat beside him on the couch, not close enough that they were touching, but not too far away either. Dean could feel Cas’s presence at his left side as if they were. He only had to reach out his hand towards Cas to touch him.
«I feel wonderful» he answers his brother, but his face, his eyes, his whole body, tells a different story. And Dean knows Sam sees right through the mask he doesn’t even bother to make an effort on.
The silence in the room was so calming and soothing that Dean didn’t want to break it. Only take it in. Breathe easier than before. Smile truer than ever before.
With Cas’s warm body lying atop his own, only their two warm plaid jackets covering them, Dean slowly wakes as the winter night starts letting go. The car is chilly, but laying this close together they both managed to stay warm, even after they fell asleep sometime during the night. Softly breathing against his bare neck, a sleeping Cas rests his head on Dean's shoulder, forehead pressed softly against Dean's temple, a warm arm laid across Dean's chest, hand half cupping Dean's face.
Blood dripping from his fingers.
at all, but rather the only
Cas had died before Dean even realized what his words meant. For so long, Dean had believed that Cas didn’t, or couldn’t, feel love the same way humans did. Love the way Dean loved.
“Well, this one is new.” Cas almost sounds amused as he stands and walks to his side. The Shadow laughs at that.
His freckles have the right shade and pattern.
Dean had been to hell.
And how to get there.
Dean finally gives up on trying to hold back his tears, letting them stream down his face as a river finally breaking free of the dam that has been holding them back for so long. Clear tears bleeding from his eyes.
“Good. Because I won’t let you. I’ll follow you wherever you go.” With tears now streaming down his face, Dean leans closer. At first, their lips only brush against each other in a whisper of a kiss.
Halfway through the door, Sam has stopped at the sigh of them on the bed. Annoyed, he gives Dean a look as he crosses his arms against his chest. «What the hell, Dean?! You’re not supposed to be here!»
«It’s funny actually, how blind the two of you are. Like, come on. It's crazy how you’ve just danced around each other for so many years, wearing your feelings on your face, but
Without opening his eyes, Dean guides Cas´s head back down when he stops kissing him for a moment, to catch his breath. If Cas is going to continue leaving Dean this breathless, he sure as hell won’t let him breathe either. Moving his hand to tangle it in his hair, the other moving back under his hoodie, pressing at the small of Cas´s back. At the touch, Cas melts into him, his lips soft, his mouth warm against Dean´s. At the lack of air, they both slow the kisses, turning them even softer, panting against each other's mouths.
The demon that was standing over him catches on fire and quickly disappear in the blink of an eye, leaving only a small pile of black ash at his feet. The four demons holding Cas back, and the other five that had been standing around them watching, catch on fire a moment later. Disintegrating in the bright light right in front of him.
“This place is beautiful, Cas. But why are we here in the middle of the night?” He takes his hand in his, leaning against the hood of the car, watching Cas.
Cas keeps watching Dean with a look that sends shivers down his back. Dean holds his gaze, searching for something in his eyes.
`I want to live. I want to love. I’m ready to start living my life’, Dean thinks, but he’s just not quite sure how to say it out loud.
«Hmm.»
He could have had him all along. He’d just been too blind to see it, not brave enough to ever voice his feelings. He’d loved him all these years, but he’s kept quiet about it.
Or how he loved to be kissed on his forehead. Dean loved how Cas adored hugging him from behind, wrapping his arms around him, resting his head on Dean's shoulder, just watching and observing whatever Dean was doing at the moment. Dean loved those hugs. And, how Dean always slept better the nights when Cas would hold him, or Dean held him. Those nights he slept better than he ever had before in his life.
Dean is the first to move. Crawling. Towards Cas.
Memories from when they first got to know each other.
Through Leo, Sam and Eileen got in contact with Taylor and Mathilda, a 31-year-old and 26-year-old hunter from the Apocalypse World, that had to continue hunting when they had come through the rift. Sam doesn’t remember meeting them before, but Taylor did look familiar. Mathilda was also a friend of Charlie. They had been more hesitant to the whole bunker, but two days later, they had called Eileen and told them that they would like to join the new hunter network, learning more about this world.
Dean grabs the front of his shirt, pulling him in for a sweet kiss before he turns around and walks into the bathroom, turning on the sink. A moment later he walks out of the bathroom with a pretty big glass of water and crosses the room to stand over his brother. Cas has already changed out of his clothes sitting on the bed waiting for him. Dean looks back at Cas and winks at him before he turns again and throws the water in Sam's face.
Dean reaches out to take Cas´s hand, kissing his knuckles. Smiling as the angel's cheeks turn slightly red, and smiling even wider at that stupidly cute smile that spreads on Cas´s face. Dean would usually roll his eyes at people wearing a smile like that, but seeing Cas wearing it, because of Dean, he couldn't help but wanting Cas to wear it all the time.
«We made it, love. We made it.» Cas had whispered. Sam and Eileen were too caught up in admiring the memories turned to pictures to register what was happening behind them, but Jack heard him. Cas smiled at them over Dean´s head. «It’s
Those were usually his first words to Dean.
Jack had not been around when they started renovating the living room, but they had also left their touches on it. Above the fireplace along the longest wall stands several framed pictures that they had taken recently. It turns out Dean really loves to take pictures, especially in moments where he is the happiest, so there are lots of pictures of Cas, Sam, Eileen, Jack, Claire, Charlie, and the others he considered family. But on the sideboards besides the fireplace, stands lots of pictures not taken with any camera. It was Jack's gift to their family this Christmas.
The other name is the only word remembered in the back of the car. Their bodies the only world worth living for. The other's eyes the only night sky visible, the only universe that matters.
“Oh, it’s...” Dean turns to face Cas, pulling the glass ball from the chain and holding it up to Cas. “I had to remove your grace to be able to bring us back. I left only a small grain so that I was sure you would make it. But it’s all in here.”
«You… you could come with us. If you want to.»
The dog, who had been eyeing them, comes closer, clearly curious. The movement catches Dean's attention and as he turns his face to the dog, the animal launches himself into Dean's lap. Greeting Dean with a wet kiss, the dog barks happily. Dean smiles at the dog, his hand leaving Cas’s face to hug the dog.
So, all he did was pray. Not to any God. Not to any being. Not to any angel. But to him.
Cas believing Dean doesn’t love him. He didn’t deserve to die believing Dean didn’t love him. Because he did. Oh, how he loved the angel.
Dean still hadn't talked to Sam about Cas since before he and Eileen left for their road trip. Simply because he didn’t quite know how to. It wasn’t that he didn’t believe Sam wouldn’t be okay with it, or anything like that. It was more than Dean had never been good with words. He’d never talked about his feelings. And although he and Cas had been talking more and more about such things, he found it a lot harder to talk to his brother about it. Still, he felt like he should say something. Sam definitely knew there was something different about the two, Dean just didn’t know how to formulate his words. He knew he didn’t have to, it was his brother, but he still felt like he
He would have followed him if he could.
“Yeah.”
These kisses. The only kisses Dean ever wants to get.
These kisses. The only kisses Dean ever wants to get.
When Dean looks up, Cas is standing in the doorway, looking at him. Smiling.
«Are we back to sneaking around behind closed doors again? As much fun as that was, I don’t think that necessary. I think the wedding,
«Of course not.» Sam smiles at Eileen. «So, what are you up to now?»
«I´ll meet you there, then.» He leans down to kiss him, but before he can seal their lips together, there’s a hard knock on the bedroom door behind them.
“That stupid son of a bitch.” Dean mutters as he stares into Cas’s eyes.
Dean felt the angel's arms around him, pulling him even closer.
«She’s coming over later today with some of her stuff, and then we'll leave first thing in the morning.»
After a long moment where he only stares at Cas, Dean crashes their lips together. No one has ever called him beautiful before. And for it to be Cas who speaks those words to him, makes it feel like he’s flying.
Dean realizes he might even know better than Dean himself, because Sam is the one who has watched Dean lose Cas before. They have both lost Cas, but as Dean has lost Cas, Sam has lost both Cas and Dean. Sam is the one who has been left watching his brother’s heart and soul die, as Dean lost Cas.
Sam also loved how it brought him and Eileen closer each day. She loved hunting too, and she often went out on cases with the other hunters living in the bunker. Sam tried to join whenever he could, but he, Taylor and Xand mostly stayed here working on uploading their library to the online hunter's network. Today, however, Leo had found a ghost case just an hour drive from here that he had wanted Sam to join him on. He guesses he needed to get out there once in a while.
There was no way the empty would send back Cas, again. So he would go get him himself. Cas didn’t deserve to be left there all alone, he deserved to live. To love. To know he was loved.
«I´m not going
(we all know that this is what really happened after 15x19 right? 15x20 didn't happen).
thought I couldn’t have, is something that has been within reach all this time.»
An anchor in a storm.
Despite the cold night surrounding them, the heat emitted from their bodies warms them both. Teasingly biting his lower lips, Cas answers with a deep groan. The friction of their movements against each other increasing the pressure of his bulge against his jeans.
And it did.
Drifting away.
The strings of light between his fingers extinguished.
He’d been praying to Cas while walking. Longing for him to appear for Dean. Willing him to find his way to Dean. And now, something tugs at him. He doesn’t know why, but he knows what, or who. This has to be what it felt like to Cas, when Dean was praying or longing for him.
«I’ve noticed you two spending much more time together, just the two of you… Always by each other’s side, more than usual...» he let the words hang in the air between them.
And so he feels, as the love of his life no longer has the power to make his heartbeat.
Pausing for only a split second to catch his breath, Dean pushed the door open.
Dean would have followed.
with Cas, not just loving him as a friend or a brother, but that he was
soul.
«Dean, don't make me punch you on your wedding day.» Sam gives him a look, handing him a glass of water. «No one has ever loved you the way he loves you, and yes you are. You are worthy of all that, and so much more. And he knows that. He will do anything for you. So you better get your shit together and go marry him. Hell, I´ve waited twelve years for this day, I'm not gonna let your stupid thoughts ruin this.»
«Dean, what’s wrong?» He whispered as he looked around the room, over his shoulder. He stepped aside to close the door behind him. «Oh. Uhm…»
Across the bunker.
“You can’t keep us here. Humans doesn’t belong here. So you have to send us back. And if you don’t. Jack will come for another visit.” Dean can see that the name has an effect on the Shadow.
Cas places a gentle hand in Dean´s hair, smiling down at the sleeping man. He’d let it grow longer than usual, and Cas found the soft beautiful hair to be just another wonder that the world could not measure up to. At the touch, Dean moves slightly in his sleep, his hand reaching up, resting on Cas´s chest. Close to his heart.
He though he knew pain, in loving someone that would never love you. But the pain of loving someone, knowing they loved you too, but not being able to tell them because they sacrificed themselves to save his stupid life? That was a pain so strong and hateful that it on several occasions took Deans breath away. He couldn’t, wouldn’t, live like this. Not without
«But we broke free. The road let us go. And now the road is just a chapter, not the whole book. We chose the road when we like, and chose home when we need it.» He goes quiet for a while. «These past few days with you, on the road, they’ve been a comfort. Knowing that we can go
Dean has never been this happy. Felt this loved.
«Yes, you are. Especially when you are in love…» he drags the last word out teasingly, laughing as Dean raises his middle finger towards him.
«I thought I was a little bit better at hiding my feelings than that…»
Sam screams himself awake, again. Abruptly sitting up in his bed. His covers fall to the floor as he breathes heavily, looking around. The alarm clock at his nightstand shows 07:58. The bunker is dead quiet.
He signs silently.
“I really like this person, and I just... don’t know what to do.” Again there are screeching noises coming from the room as Dean moves the shelves, most likely is looking for something. “I... I can’t tell you, but yes, it’s someone you know... that’s all I’m going to say, you’ll probably figure it out anyway.”
«Thanks. I’m happy for you too, little brother.»
The empty bed is a welcomed sight as Dean and Cas enter their motel room, hand in hand. Dean smiles at him as he leans in for a quick kiss, pulling him towards the bed as they remove their pants and shirts, leaving only their boxers. Crawling under the covers they settle as close together as they can get, leaving no space between them.
It’s what he, they, had always wanted.
“Even the freckles.” Cas raises his hand, stretching it out to cup Deans face. His thumb gently strokes the space underneath his left eye. “The pattern is so right I almost believe it’s him.”
When he wakes in the morning, their faces are still so close together that Dean can feel Cas´s soft breaths against his face. He only had to lean forward slightly and their lips would touch. He wants to so badly. Just once.
«Dean. Hello.» Dean rests his hand against the side of Cas’s face, slowly pulling them closer, gently bringing their lips together in a sweet kiss.
«Mir is cute. I’m not. Cute is not a word one uses to describe Dean Winchester.» He can’t help but smile.
. I’m sorry.»
He smiles down at his wonderfully beautiful girlfriend. Pulling back slightly, he raises his hand to sign
«And…» Eileen leans forward a bit to catch his eyes.
Then Dean is kissing him again, seeming to suddenly be addicted to the other man's lips. Not able to get enough of his sweet and gentle touches.
“Morning, angel.” Dean mumbles words hard to interpret as his mouth is filled with food.
He can hear Cas loud and clear.
“You heard me?” A small hint of panic rises in his voice as he carefully watches Cas.
Night after night, Dean falls asleep in the angel's arms, listening to his heart beating. Or with the angel in his arms, his own heart beating for the man resting next to him.
Sam couldn’t believe how blind he had been to not see all of that in that way before Eileen had pointed it out. How they loved each other so intensely through such small gestures, almost invisible to other people. He must have been just as blind as Dean and Cas, to not see that that was the way they loved when he’d been watching them do it for years. Sam had lived with the two of them for over a decade, used to the touches, the longing looks, the fighting, everything. So he hadn’t seen the way they loved each other quietly while doing it before Eileen had explained how she saw them. And now he couldn’t see it. And he couldn’t help but remember how those small gestures had always been there.
«I do. It's just that we didn’t talk about any of this, and I don’t know the rules…» the little uncertain smile on his lips could melt Dean in a second.
“Goodnight, angel.”
“And,” the Shadow starts walking, circling the two as he drags the words out, “what do I get in return for doing so?”
Dean is so lost.
His temples.
«No! You’re supposed to sleep in separate rooms the night before your wedding.»
When Cas made a deal with the Empty to save
Cas chuckles quietly as he leans closer to place his lips on Deans. His hands resting on Dean's hips, pulling him closer. «You do snore, Dean, I know that. But after all those times I’ve sat by your bed, listening to your breath. Snore. Sometimes even speak in your sleep. I find it cute.»
«I just…» Sam looks around, clearly something bothering him.
Gripping the front of his white shirt, Dean gently pulls him closer, closer, closer.
«All mine! You hear me?» He says with a pointed stare, but he’s still smiling at the dog. Miracle moves closer and settles as close to Cas´s side as he can get. Cas smiles and pulls the dog into a comfortable embrace. His fluffy head on top of Dean's chest. Turning to look at Cas, his green eyes sparkles. Happy. Happiness. Dean lowers his head so that their lips are close again.
The Empty is just as horrible as it sounds. It takes a few moments before Dean adjusts to this place, but all the while, his mind and body is screaming for him to get out of here. This is not a place for a human.
And yet, the man lying in his arms is the most beautiful of it all.
“You’re kidding right?” Zane had closed his book, a look of strong disbelief pointed at Sam.
This time, as the Shadow approaches him as Dean, Cas almost breaks. It's too real, and it's everything Cas has ever wanted for Dean to tell him. And Cas wants to believe him so badly. Wants to believe that this is
Dean has never slept as well as he does when he falls asleep and wakes up in Cas´s arms. Or Cas tucked into his arms.
Cas… he would be back. Sam knows it. Sam knows that Dean will never stop looking for a way to bring him home. He would be looking until his last breath if needed.
“Cas?”
“I’m sorry.” But Dean only laughs at him and smiles the biggest smile Cas has seen on him in a long while.
«Do you ever knock?» Quickly, Dean reaches to pull the blanket over them, as it was only half-covering their naked bodies. Beside him, a confused and still half-asleep Cas lifts his head from Dean's chest, looking annoyingly around for the source that abruptly disturbed their peaceful sleep.
Cas had stopped Dean from saying the words to him that day because if he had, he most likely would have been taken by the Empty right there. Because the angel felt the same way. He had probably felt Dean's feelings bleeding through that prayer, and get scared at the thought of Dean telling him something that would get him killed. Because he felt the same way. Dean doesn't know if Cas knew about his true feelings since he said he could never have him, but somehow Cas must have felt something that made him stop those words.
Cas dresses in the sweatpants and hoodie Dean gave him, and the moment his head rests back against Dean's pillow, he falls into a deep and comfortable sleep.
«The break pads, yes. It's no trouble as long as I have the right parts, which can be hard to get a hold of when I need original parts. I don’t want no fake crap for my girl.»
Sam and Eileen establishing the hunter community. New and/or lonely hunters using the bunker as a home base, just like the Winchesters. This is what Sam was destined to do if you actually care about the 15 years of character development. And Dean sure as hell didn´t die on a hunt because he retires to live the life he deserves, just like Sam lives how he should.
Thank you for reading!
He doesn’t even fight it. Cas just stares sadly up into those green eyes. The eyes are wrong.
He didn’t really know how to tell Sam all of this. Sam had been the one to want a normal life, but now he was the one who wanted to be a hunter. Dean had been the one who wanted to spend his life hunting, or at least he was the one destined to be a hunter, but now all he wanted was a peaceful life. Not normal, his life would never be normal. But peaceful. He wanted to know how a peaceful life would look like.
«Castiel. I have to tell you something.» Eyes still closed, Cas can feel Dean's hands cupping his face, his body moving closer to his so that they are standing as close as possible. «I should have told you a long time ago. I should have told you that night. I know I’m late, I’m sorry.»
And then the darkness is lit up.
Dean's mind turned blank. This can’t be real. This has to be a trick.
With sad eyes, he follows the figure as he runs towards Cas. He can see his face now. Cas´s eyes tear up, but he refuses to let them free. Then he stands in front of Cas.
Along the way, they had made their own family. With Cas. With Bobby. With Jack. With Eileen. They had made the bunker their home, something they hadn’t had since that fateful night, where they had lost everything. Until then, the road had been their home, their family.
And yet, the angel had still believed Dean to be something he could never have.
«No. Shut up.» Stepping around him, Dean went to change into his pajamas. «Come on, angel. It's late, and you look like your food coma will have you fall asleep standing.»
Thank you so much to everyone who has read / commented / left kudoss so far! :) I really appreciate it!<3
The cut starts to glow brightly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even with the bed being huge enough for them to have plenty of space between them, Dean wakes up the next morning to their bodies cuddled close together.
So, he drowned himself in alcohol. Drinking, drinking, drinking. Until he couldn’t feel a damn thing. Until he didn’t know a damn thing. Until he didn’t remember how to do anything, except pray. He spent the nights passed out on the floor somewhere in the bunker. Spent his mornings trying to find
«What are you talking about, Castiel?» Cas almost wants to laugh at how wrong the Shadow gets Dean, but still, it´s so close that one day, Cas knows it will break him.
“Wha... Cas. It’s me.” But he won’t hear him. “Cas. Look at me.”
“WHAT THE HELL?!” Sam wakes with a frustrated scream and sits up in the bed, looking around the room. When he sees Dean standing over him with an empty glass he looks at him with rage filling his eyes.
Dead.
Then Cas is kissing him.
Cas’s eyes go wide as Dean's words reach him. He doesn’t trust himself to have heard him right.
“Don’t worry, Sam. I’m sure he’s okay.”
«I wish I could borrow some of that.»
«Dean…» he smiles, his eyes closed, their foreheads resting against each other.
He should have said it already.
Cas crashed into him from behind, not having seen Dean stopping in front of him.
Thank you so for reading!
Sat down on the floor and started drinking again.
How fitting it was for his last to be;
(See the end of the chapter for
There are many other beautiful cars left over from when before the Winchesters made the bunker their own. They aren’t enough to fill the entire garage, but they are still an impressive collection. He hasn’t driven any of them yet, except the Lincoln, and he once took out a blue 1955 Chevy Bell Air. But that was only because his girl needed an oil change, and he couldn’t find the right type of oil in the bunker. No way did that blueberry even compare to his 67´ Impala. No way.
His lips.
They had been in contact with the son of an old friend of Sam and Dean, Severin. They had known his mother once back in the days, and after she died last year, he had been on his own. He was young, only 22 years old, but a skilled hunter. Dean had helped him out on a case five years ago, and already then, he was skilled. He often lived on the road, and four years ago he had been working a tricky case, where he had met Alexandria. Her family was killed and she never managed to settle after that. When Sev had returned to her town half a year later, she wanted to try hunting, and he’d been teaching Alex the hunter-life since.
The thread around him shudders, but it tightens his hold on him. Mesmerized Dean reaching out his hand, searching for another string to hold on to. He doesn’t know what he's doing or what he's looking for, but when his fingers find what they are drawn to, they carefully take hold of the almost invisible string.
«I love you, Cas.» He says against his neck before his lips begin finding their way to his, Dean's soft nose leading them on their way up, up, up.
«Heya, Sammy. Eileen.» He smiles as they walk down the stairs, joining them at the table.
“I won’t.”
Somewhere in the universe, a figure in the shape of a grown man with light blue eyes stops the world around them. For just a second, the blue eyes shift color, as the irises shine gold. Closing their eyes, they let out a long and heavy breath, hand lifted to rest above their heart. As they open their eyes again, after a long moment, the blue eyes are glassy, a sad smile lingering on their lips. No one around the figure of a man notices how their world stopped for a moment, everyone just going on with their lives. The man is gone. No one notice.
«Dean.»
«I was a coward too, so there’s no need to…»
«The night the Empty took him…» his throat closes up, making even breathing hard. Clenching his fists on the table he closes his eyes, about to try again, but Jack interrupts him.
It’s the kiss of a lifetime.
Dean had started his new job at the garage in town, and he seemed to really enjoy it, he even spent more time in the bunker´s garage during his days off. He would help them whenever they needed, with whatever they needed, Dean even had joined Eileen on a simple ghost hunt last week, his first hunt after he’d gotten Cas back. But other than that he didn’t join them actually hunting. But he was happy, happier than Sam had ever seen him, and that's what matters. He hadn’t really been surprised when his brother had told him that he wanted to quit hunting. He knew Dean no longer wanted to chase after his destiny as a hunter, now that he had the chance to live a happy, safe, almost normal life. With someone he loved.
The last day of work before Christmas is over and Dean, on his way from the bathroom to his bedroom after a long and relaxing shower head down the hall, his hair still damp. He pulls his necklace - the chain holding a slightly glowing glass ball - over his head, placing it under his shirt so that it rests close to his heart. His black t-shirt sticking tight to his still damp chest and shoulders, his sweatpants hanging loosely from his hips.
* Sam wakes the next morning to the sound of rain, the room cooler than it was the night before. With a small shiver, he pulls Eileen closer, hugging her closer to his chest. A small and tired «morning» escapes her lips and all he can do is smile brightly at her as he kisses her forehead. Neither of them really wants to get up, both wanting to just stay like this for as long as possible. *
Dean sleeps peacefully beside him, his naked body only covered by a thin blanket, and Cas´s arms around him. Eyes fluttering beneath his closed eyelids, mouth slightly open as he breathes calmly.
Only casting a quick look towards his brother, who was still snoring into his pillow, Dean hurried to the bathroom. He had to take a shower. A cold one.
His beautiful angel.
«Hello, husband.»
“Yeah you, stupid. I’ve spent all day in the car trying to find the courage to tell you. And then you come in and steals my moment.”
?» Sam takes one look at his face and knows right away. Meeting his brother's eyes, Dean's eyes go wide and his mouth is so dry he can’t utter a word. «Hey, Dean. Relax.»
He can feel it all around him, wrapping itself around him, tight against his skin. So he stands there in the embrace of Cas’s love as he searches the being in front of him with his eyes. Searching. When he finds what he’s looking for, Dean smiles as his eyes lock with the two bright blue eyes hidden somewhere in the light of the being.
«I just... just promise me. Don’t go on a hunt while I’m gone.» He finally meets Deans eyes, and Dean is almost shocked by the fear he can see in them.
He knows Cas want this as much as he does. He knows he would never leave him, knows he’ll be waiting for him at the end of the aisle. Yet… Dean´s hands are shaking, his breath becoming heavier for each moment that passes.
Breaking each other down to the last dusted grain of their bodies, they rebuild one another breath by breath, kiss by kiss, touch by touch. Their souls ripped opened and spilled all over them, before merging as one as their breaths, kisses, touches heal the broken pieces. Their souls both healed, seen, loved, by the other.
“Shut up, Sammy. This is not the same as your rabbit food, that green leaf thingy. This is real food.”
And those words might just be the most beautiful Cas has ever heard.
The kiss is slow.
Living.
«The deal.» Dean studies Jack's face, not really sure what he’s looking for. «Cas would be taken at the moment he experienced true happiness. Which he did that night, right?»
The silence was broken when Miracle stood up from his place at Cas´s feet to nudge his knee with his head. Cas was instantly awake, smiling down at the dog. He leans forward to scratch Mir behind the ears, the dog clearly pleased by the attention. Then he turns on his pawns and goes running out of the room.
With a quick shower, Sam leaves Eileen in the bathroom, heading towards the kitchen. His stomach already starting to scream for food. However, the sight he meets when he walks into the kitchen silences it and he almost forgets why he’s there in the first place. That how surprised he is when he sees his brother. Awake. Dressed. Drinking coffee. Smiling, early in the morning.
let's hope 2021 is better, and that Destiel keeps on going canon.
As soon as they move from their place, removing the warm jackets, the cold November morning sneaks in. Their bodies stiff from their night spent in the back seat, and probably partly because of last night's activities. They dress as fast they can’t so the cold won’t take too much of a hold on them. Dean moves over to the front seat, getting comfortable in the passenger seat. At the questioning look Cas gives him, he smiles brightly as he pulls his jacket close across his chest.
This is going to break him.
Drawing in a sharp breath, and as he opened the door, his green eyes searched out a pair of blue ones.
And everyone can see it.
«Cas…» Dean doesn’t even know what to respond to that. He’s been dreaming about words like this, touches like this, for so many years, but never daring to
«You’re kinda scaring me, Sammy.» Dean can feel the fear creeping up his spine, a wierd feeling takes hold, as if he knows what his brother means. A hunt that could go wrong. A hunt that will go wrong, if he goes. Dean can’t explain it either, but it’s written in Sam’s eyes. It feels so real that Dean promises his brother, «I won’t go hunting while you’re away, I promise.»
There are no words to describe what they feel for each other, and no words will ever be enough. Words aren’t necessary because they know each other better than anything or anyone else, and nothing will ever be able to put a name to that, to them. Nothing will ever be good enough.
This silence. The only silence Dean ever wants to get lost in.
“No. The other thing.” Cas’s hands are shaking and it takes a few moments before he can look up to meet Dean's eyes, finally repeating the words he tried to hide.
Cas’s nods earn him a sad smile from the younger Winchester.
Dean turns to Cas again, grabbing his face and pulling him close so that he can kiss him. His lips screaming for Cas´s all day long. Backing into the empty bedroom, Dean pulls Cas with him. He kicks the door shut as he throws away his jacked, shirt thrown somewhere soon after. Still kissing him, Dean pushes Cas towards the bed as he starts undressing him. It doesn’t take long before all their clothes have disappeared leaving nothing but hot and electrified air between their two bodies.
. Not again. So he would protect them with his life if needed. Besides, he kinda wanted to keep Cas for himself for a while.
«Should have thought about that before.» Dean smiles wickedly to Cas, kissing him loudly just to annoy his brother. The frustrated murmurs from Sam across the room make Cas laugh and Dean has to pull away to look at the angel.
«Besides, you’re pretty cute together.» His smile turns into a teasing one, trying to lighten the mood.
Clearly slow this early in the morning, distracted by his own thoughts, Sam takes a moment to understand what his brother means. But his raised eyebrow and a wicked smile say enough. As he catches up, really not interested in his brother’s
This hasn’t happened before.
«Hey, sunshine.» Leaning against the doorframe, Dean reaches out to pull his angel towards him, his lips brushing gently against Cas´s.
Dean is back with breakfast and a cup of coffee before Cas and Sam wake, Cas´s smile growing wider each morning as Dean hands him a cup of coffee.
“His eyes. You got the green right this time. That’s a first.”
«Good morning, love.» Cas softly whispers, his fingers gently counting Dean's freckles with soft touches.
“Wow. Do you... do you know it? The runes?”
are real.»
just screws you up and makes everything so much harder. The last thing he wanted to do was go hunting. Dean just felt done with hunting. He felt ready to just... stop. He said he wouldn’t go anywhere hunting now, but deep down he knew he meant he didn’t want to anywhere hunting after he’d gotten Cas back either. He had been thinking about his future for a while now, and what he wanted to do, now that the big-bad-God was gone.
, who has been beside him for over a decade.» Dean laughs sadly, forcing a smile on his lips.
«I. Will. Never. Love. You.» Good, the anger is more bearable. The love is what breaks him. But this, he can endure. The Shadow, still appearing as Dean laughs as his hands keep choking the life out of the angel. «The look on your face. It's almost worth being awake for. To believe Dean Winchester would ever love you. A fool's hope, Castiel. You're a fool, Castiel.»
Dean picks up his pace, eager to find the angel as fast as he can. But the darkness stretches further and further. Dean had probably been walking for a day now, if not two. He doesn’t know. It could have been an hour, or a week for all he knows. But he keeps walking.
«I think maybe, the love between the two of you, is such a huge part of you that you don’t recognize it for what it really is. Not even God could come between you.
«This place is beautiful, Cas. But why are we here in the middle of the night?» He takes his hand in his, leaning against the hood of the car, watching Cas.
He’s never loved someone this intensely, and he will never love another soul like the way he loves his angel, his love reserved only for him. The angel.
But at least, we have lots of fanfiction to get lost in, and that helps a little. It has really helped me to write this story, and it might not be perfect or how things should have happened, but for me, it's the happy ending I wanted... They got everything they ever wished for, the lives they deserved. Dean doesn’t die on a hunt, he dies of old age. Cas isn’t killed off because of his feelings, he lives a long life of love, able to express his feelings every single day of his life. Sam isn’t left alone, unhappy, and sad for the rest of his life, he lives a long and happy life, as he deserves. (And no, he doesn’t have a son named Dean, because the real Dean never died an awful death...) Eileen doesn’t just disappear and is forgotten, she lives a long and happy life filled with love, as she deserves.
And then.
“I gotta say, Eileen, you make one killer pasta salad.”
He’d dealt with more evil than any human should in a lifetime.
For everything to be as it was.
«The road.» He smiles. «That was our home. Our friend. Our family. The road was everything. Going south for a ghost case. North to kill a demon. East for a nest of vampires. West for a werewolf gone wild. It was all we had, Dean and I. It's the only thing that most hunters have.»
Not able to wait for another second, Dean steps closer to Cas, cupping his face and kissing him as lovingly as ever before. Cas´s hands find their way to Dean´s hips as he leans into the kiss.
A smile cracks uncontrollably across Dean's face the moment he meets the angel's eyes. He might no longer have his grace, technically making him human and not an angel. But to Dean, he would always be an angel. Cas had always been, and would always be an angel in Dean's eyes. And now, he was
«Jerk.» Although the word sounds rough as Sam changes his shirt and lays down on the other bed, Dean can see the smile that is playing on his lips, so without another word, he turns back to Cas, pulling him closer as he throws the blanket over them both. «Please spare me the noises, I really want to sleep tonight.»
«I… I was just thinking about our life. About our home.» Sill watching the road ahead of him, he turns his head slightly, so that Eileen can watch him.
Some nights there is less sleep.
, Dean heads for the bathroom to wash his face and change his clothes, Cas is still sleeping when Dean returns, so Dean heads for the lounge chair that Cas always claims. He doesn’t mean to fall asleep right away, but he’s out like a light the moment he leans back, feet outstretched and resting on the bed.
Dean steps forward.
“Wh...”
A red 1971 Plymouth Valiant is also parked close to the entrance, and Dean smiles as he walks down to the bunkers next level, hearing quiet laughter. Sam and Eileen are seated in the library, both looking at something on a computer.
«You want me to drive.»
A smaller one showed Dean holding Cas tightly on a dark street, beside a payphone in the middle of a sleeping town, his smile wide and loving, but also pained. With one hand Dean cups the angel's face, as the other holds them close in a longing embrace. He’d taken the memory from Dean, the memory of him finding Cas alive, having been thrown out of the empty. Sam was present in the picture too, but he was only a blurry presence in the background. The memory felt like love when Jack held it to make the picture.
“You’re not real.” Cas says with a sad whisper, breaking eye contact to look down at his hands that are nervously shaking in his lap.
“Oh, poor little angel.” The Shadow in front of them grins wickedly at Cas. Dean takes a step forward, as to keep the angel safe from the creature in front of them. “You really are blinded.”
«Hello, husband.» Cas smiles into the kiss, eyes meeting Dean´s he can see through his tears that the blue is also blurred by tears.
The largest of the pictures, the one on the left, showed them all gathered around the kitchen table in the bunker. It was a simple moment, nothing special really. But it was a memory that for all three of them, and even Eileen, represented true happiness and peace. Jack had seen the memory within all of them, and Jack himself remembers the happiness they had felt that night when all five of them were gathered, so they had framed it and sat it there.
«I´m not going anywhere until I found a way to…» he can’t even say it. Dean hates the way feelings just screws you up and makes everything so much harder. At the look his brother gives him, he adds, a little too harsh «I don’t wanna talk about it so stop looking at me like that.»
If anyone is reading this, thank you!:)
Their bodies moving against each other, as their lips keep exploring their bodies while their touches burn hot against the other's skin.
Three others showed Dean and Cas, on the brightest one they were sitting together at a cafe. Dean was eating a burger, smiling and watching Cas, while Cas was seated beside him, watching him with a longing look. Jack wasn’t sure which of the two had held the memory, but Jack remembers that the memory was made of longing for something neither thought they could have, and yet it was filled with love. As was every moment between the two. Even the awful memories, or the memories where they were fighting. There was always love woven into them. Not that he had been looking for it, but they knew that if they’d searched them both, deep, they would not find a single memory where their love did not shine or did not appear. The other one showed them walking together along a dark street, Dean's arm slung across Cas´s shoulders, and both looking at the other with love bleeding from their eyes. The third was the most recent memory that they had held on to. It was simple. Joyful. Happy. It was a picture of one of their first kisses. Sometime after Dean had gotten Cas out. Cas was dressed in Dean's clothes, leaning heavily against the other man, arms locked around his neck. It was a sweet and loving kiss, and they were both smiling into it. It had been the one memory of all that Jack had held, that radiated the most love. It was one of Jack's favorites.
«I could…»
“You’ve been through so much, and you really deserve to finally have some peace, happiness. And I think it’s great that you’ve finally found someone to share that peace with.”
son. “The Shadow got angry when Chuck appeared, and it refused to let anyone go, so they started fighting. Chuck woke up everyone, so I had to fight my way through the darkness, and then I somehow managed to sneak out, appearing just outside the bunker. I don’t think anyone else got out though... The Shadow only wanted to sleep, but as long as I was awake it couldn’t, and then Chuck came and made everything so much worse.”
«Dean was peacefully sleeping, the only thing he felt was his lips being kissed one last time.» Jack reaches over to take Sam’s hand. «Cas was woken by a spark, laying beside him, listening as he drew his last breath, his hand resting on his chest, feeling his heart beating one last time, just for
Sam runs across the library, Eileen following closely. Sam calls for his brother, but there are no answers. The kitchen is dark and empty as he bursts through the door. He only takes a second to look around, before he’s running again. The huge room they’ve been talking about turning into a living room hasn’t been touched since they left. Sam´s heart is beating faster for each step he takes.
«I won’t go anywhere until he’s back, Sammy. I won’t give up on him. Nothing else matters right now. I don’t care shit about hunting anymore. He is what matters now.»
He gets to see and feel his true self. His form.
Cas cups Deans face with his free hand, gently kissing him, and as he pulls back he simply says, “Look up.”
. His brother loved it, and although Dean wasn’t much of a reader, he had to admit that just the presence of so many old books, was calming. Peaceful. Soothing.
“The way they act so different with each other than anyone else. Like Dean, he just... turns soft whenever Cas is close. And Castiel... he’s so bright when he’s with Dean. Everything, really.” Zane repeated.
They could have had so much time together, but in the end, Dean didn’t even tell Cas that he loved him too. And Cas died thinking that Dean didn’t love him back. Of course, he loved him.
Cas’s heavy eyelids half closes, and Dean finally closes the distance.
“You got it right this time. I’ll give you that.” He smiles sadly at Dean, who doesn’t understand.
A small smile plays on Dean's lips, not wanting to think about the feeling of losing Cas, but wanting to get lost in the feeling of loving and being loved by Cas.
He knows it’s his angel because he can feel his grace. He knows it’s his angel because he can see his soul.
«Cas! There you are! I've been looking for you. I’m here to bring you home.» Dean took another step forward. As he came closer, Dean rested a hand on Cas´s shoulder. Even his touch felt wrong.
“Dean likes someone else? Not that I know of. Why don’t you ask him?” Suddenly uncomfortable by the thought of asking
Smiling that beautiful smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
The sun is high in the sky, small strays dancing through the branches and leaves of the huge weeping willow tree above them. Sam watches his brother looking through the old journal their father left them all those years ago. He smiles to himself, glad to see his big brother finally outside the bunker, focusing on something other than the grief he so hard tries to hide from him. Sam turns back to the map in front of him, spread over the hood of the impala.
«Yeah... it’s beautiful during the day, but I figured it would be even better at night. The sky beautifully painted with sparks.»
Emptiness.
given anything for him. And he would do it again. And again. And again.
The eyes are wrong.
"bye 2020, it's been weird."
Crashing into him with his whole body, lips crashed against his own, Cas stumbled backward at the weight of Dean´s body pressing against him. His whole being frozen in surprise. But only for a second.
Dean can hear every word, but he’s too distracted by the sight of his true angel form and although no human should be able to see him, Dean does.
He found him.
«Dean. Stop overthinking everything. You are getting married. You are getting married to the man you’ve been in love with since you first met him. You are getting married to the man who loves you beyond… everything.»
Empty.
«That’s great!» Dean, having eaten his bacon, raises to clean the table. «I think I’m gonna go work on baby and maybe go for a drive later when she’s ready. Of course, I’m gonna bring you too Mir, you know I won’t leave you,» he finishes as the dog playfully runs through his feet on the way to the counter.
«Hey, angel.»
A faint groan escapes his lips as Cas gently kicks away Dean's foot before he steps in between his legs, bringing his body even closer to Dean. Cas smiles against his lips, his hands moving from around Dean's neck, to cupping his face. One hand moved to the back of his head, fingers spreading in his hair. He’s got Dean trapped in his hands, no way for him to move his head without Cas wanting him to. It becomes even more dizzying as Cas trails his lips away from his own, gently painting Dean's jaw with more freckles, before choosing Dean's neck as his next prey.
But they are always together.
Dean had gone to bed first, but he lay awake until Cas came out of the bathroom, the soft light from the window lighting up his beautiful smile. Dean turned to his side, watching as Cas settled in beside him. Turning towards him, he was so close that Dean could feel his breath on his bare chest.
Thank you so much for reading, and for leaving comments / kudos! :)
«I love you, too.» The words are just as quiet from his lips as they were from Dean´s, but they're the only thing Dean can hear. The words take his breath away and he has to remind himself to breathe, remind his heart to beat.
«I love you too, you stupid son of a bitch. I’m coming for you, you’re not getting away from me ever again. You hear that Cas?» He said to the dark of his bedroom with a low and somber voice, before finally rising from his bed to start the day. «I’m gonna bring you home.»
«Hey, love. What’s bothering you?» She asks as she sits on the hood of her car, eating a chicken burrito, her favorite, for dinner.
«Well… I guess I'll just have to let you sleep here them.» Cas smiles against Dean's smile as he pulls him into his room, closing the door behind them.
Yes, Dean had been in love with others in the past. But never like this. The love he felt towards his best friend was something else entirely. He loved Cas with not just his whole heart, but with his soul too. His whole being. His love for him ran so deep in his bones that he no longer could picture a time where he did not love the angel. He couldn't remember a time where Cas wasn’t his, and he never wanted to see such a time where he didn’t have the angel.
«Dean…» still short of breath, Cas tugs Dean's head closer to his neck giving him access to do whatever he wishes. It's Cas´s turn to close his eyes against the sweet kisses against his neck, Dean holding him while his hand wanders closer and closer to Cas´s hard line pressing against Dean. His cold fingers against his warm skin just beneath the hem of his pants. As Cas tightens his grip on Dean´s hair, Dean's lips slowly move away from his neck, searching for the other soft lips.
“It’s me, Cas. It’s me.”
“I love you, stupid.” Stepping closer, Dean reaches out to grab the front of Cas’s jacket, then he moves his hands up. One resting on his neck, the other cupping his face, holding on to him so that he’s forced to look at Dean. Not that he’d ever want to look away. “I’ve been trying to tell you for so long, but I’ve never been brave enough. And then I sort of told Jody, and she told me to go for it. I was talking about you, Cas. You.”
Cas only smiles in response, his own hand finding its way to Dean's neck. So he leans in, his lips hovering close to the others. Moving his eyes from his lips, to meet Cas’s blue eyes, he quietly asks again with his eyes.
“We found him a while after you... and then when Jack brought everyone back, no one claimed him. So I brought him back home with us.” Dean smiles, clearly already caring deeply for the dog.
Cas can feel tears on his face. But he’s not sure if they are his own, or Deans. Or both. He’s not sure how much time passes, as they both loses themselves in the embrace. Deans hand finds it way to Cas’s hair, pulling them even closer to each other as Dean runs his hand through the dark and soft hair.
«I…» he doesn’t even know what he’s trying to say, Sam´s word running crazy in his head. “I just... You know I’ve never been good at talking about stuff, I’m sorry.”
And although they might not have spoken the words, they both know the other loves them so fiercely that nothing will ever be able to put out this fire that they keep feeding with every breath, touch, kiss.
He never got to tell Cas that he loved him too. That would forever be his biggest regret. He would be haunted by those blue eyes and the knowledge of how much time he had wasted. Haunted by the knowledge that his greatest love, loved him back, but that he was too much of a coward to tell him. He had to live with that for the rest of his life, and he would never ever want to forget it because he deserved to be reminded of it. Dean deserves to be haunted by that regret.
I just really love using lyrics from songs I love, as inspiration when writing, especially emotional parts.
«Bitch.»
Dean remembers every single second of that night. Every single word Cas had spoken to him. Every single regret had flashed before him in the dark room, as he sat crying on the floor the whole night. The world was ending outside the bunker, another apocalypse that the Winchesters had to save the world from.
He wanted to scream the words, but no words fought it’s way past his lips.
«Yeah?»
. Wanted to be
He didn't say anything, but he moved closer to him, smiling as he finally raised his blue eyes to meet his again. Hesitantly, Dean rested his hand around Cas´s waist, pulling him closer. Cas settled against him, his head fitting perfectly in the crook of his neck.
has felt this good. Nothing in his life has ever felt this good. Felt this right
