"You don't need to alter them. Just erase them," Bruce pointed out.
Tony hung his head, whispering another apology.
"Oh, that..." Peter followed Bruce down the hall. "But they're not all bad, I mean, Clint seemed like a good guy-"
The elves will become more important in later chapters but If there are any other fantasy creatures you would like the Avengers to meet on their journey, please let me know! My knowledge of fantasy is limited. I'm more of a paranormal/cryptid person. As you could probably tell with the black deer in the first chapter.
"What?!" Tony turned to face her. "Oh." She was holding Captain America's shield.
"Bad idea. Steve's still the perfect target," Tony took a sip of his coffee before giving Clint a sly smile.
"Osborn..." Michelle warned, pressing her gun harder against his skull.
Peter felt his face flush, and he tugged his hood down to his goggles. He didn't know what exactly he did to deserve the loyalty of the citizens of Queens. The media did nothing but slander his name and spread rumors about his relationship with the Avengers. But that didn't seem to phase the people he swore to protect.
"Henry named himself."
"I'd rather sleep."
"Of course. That doesn't mean I killed them," Iron Man said.
"Asshole," Tony stuck the pillow behind his head. Peter grumbled something else and turned his back to Tony.
"I'm still not letting you in."
Iron Man was a strange being. Sometimes Steve forgot that there was no actual person under that metallic armor. Just clumps of wires and oils. Steve didn't like to think about Iron Man like that, though. He liked to think that there really was a person in there. Iron Man acted like a real person. Most of the time. He would often spend time with the team just like a normal person. Watching movies, and playing board games. Iron Man would assist Bruce in the labs, and spend his free time reading books. He joined them in their training sessions.
"Sir, the hulk-"
Spider-man lifted his mask just enough to spit out the blood that had built up in his mouth. He was honestly surprised that the hit to his jaw hadn't broken it. Doc Ock swung at him again, and this time Peter was able to duck out of the way.
"Guess you're right," Deadpool sighed. He took a gun from the holster on his thigh and held it up to the sunlight, examining it closely. "Can I ask you something?"
"I still am your friend."
Iron Man suddenly blasted ahead of the two super soldiers, crashing through the treetops and scattering branches and leaves everywhere. "I'm picking up some weird signatures. I'm going to check them out."
"I don't care," Steve shrugged. "I'm not very good with the touchy-feely stuff."
help. Why couldn't Clint-
First chapter done!
"Peter activated his panic button. Which caused the alarms. Peter has been instructed to only use the button in life or death situations." FRIDAY reported, her voice cheerful as ever.
"I'm the parent here and I will speak however I want. You on the other hand," Tony took a step towards him, "need to shut it. Before I shut it for you."
"Damn, Stark. That's a cold move, even for you," Toomes was smiling like a little kid. He couldn't imagine a more perfect situation.
"I'm not going anywhere." Tony pulled Peter's desk chair up to the bed and took a seat beside his son.
"Welp..." Spidey sat down on the ledge, looking out at the stars. He smiled softly, taking in the night sky. A whirring noise caused him to look over his shoulder. A figure stood in the shadows, its glowing blue eyes trained on Spider-man.
"In my defense, I can't feel them, so, therefore, I forget they are there," Tony traced the newly formed hole in the sole of his shoe.
Thank you for reading! :D
"You're an evil man, Steve."
"I figured you needed space," Tony answered.
"The world still needs Spider-man." Tony tried to pass the suits back to his son, but Peter refused to touch them.
"Spidey! We have a situation." Clint said over the comms.
"HEY!!" Steve yelled, pulling the scientists apart with the help of Sam.
"What?" Tony stopped, hand on the doorknob.
"Try," Steve sat down next to him with his own box.
Tony laid awake in that bed, thinking about his life, weighing his options, and wallowing in self-pity. He had come to the cabin to sleep before his final mission. But he didn't get one ounce of rest that night.
"Don't!" Sam pleaded. "Don't do this, man!"
Iron Man stormed over and ripped the face plate off the bot. The Avenger froze, eyes glued to the contents of the helmet.
"It's okay," Iron Man shrugged. The murder bot was now nothing but scraps, having been completely picked apart by the armored Avenger. Iron Man had moved to one of the computers, going over the data he had collected. Steve took a seat next to him and laid his head on his shoulder. It was almost one in the morning, and the Captain looked beyond exhausted. "You doing okay, Cap? It's getting late, you should probably go to bed."
Kraven stepped over to him, "huh. Still alive. I'm impressed. That fancy suit of yours probably saved your ass."
"Peter? Did you hear me?" Natasha squeezed his shoulder.
"Please, call me Norman." Osborn smiled again.
"Tony...Tony..." He pawed at the other man's pant leg. "Avenge me...ugh..." His head lolled to the side, tongue flopping out of his mouth.
"I think you do that on your own," Natasha commented.
"MMPH!" Clint tugged at the webbing on his mouth.
"Didn't know you were the cuddling type," Steve teased.
"So...pretty wild birthday party, huh? Gonna be hard to top next year," Tony commented, earning a small chuckle from Peter. "You doing okay, kiddo?"
"Thank you for being honest with me," Steve whispered. Tony nodded, keeping his eyes downcast. "Is there anything I can do for you, sweetheart?"
"What?!" Tony bolted to his feet, eyes snapping to the window. Sure enough, there was something flying right at the tower. He acted on instinct, calling his armor to him and yelling at Jarvis to warn the Avengers. Jarvis set off the alarm just seconds before the missile crashed through the window.
"I'd rather just do the repairs in my workshop."
Tony returned to his workshop, bringing the entire pot of coffee with him. He decided that for right now his reason for existence should be to fix Jarvis. And so, he got to work.
A figure made their way across the room and yanked Peter's mask off. Peter sighed in relief when he recognized the person standing over him. "Oh thank Odin...I was afraid you guys wouldn't find me...can you get me out of these things?" Peter did his best to motion to the straps.
"You don't look okay..." Steve sighed, eyes following the oil that had run down his chest.
"Or planted a bomb that will kill us all in our sleep," Clint added.
"Yes, we are still...close," Peter said through gritted teeth. He hadn't spoken to Tony since his father lashed out at him. He realized that he hadn't spoken to any of the Avengers since then. He made a mental note to visit the compound after work. "...why?"
"PETER!" Michelle screamed. Scarlet Witch floated behind her, crimson energy radiating from her entire body. "You bitch!" Michelle spun around, throwing a punch at the rogue Avenger. Wanda flicked her hand, catching the punch and flinging MJ to the ground. She drifted over the fallen teen and into the school.
Steve shrugged, "Nat's turn to pick." Natasha was already scrolling through the romance section of Netflix.
"Whatever, Doctor Octopus." The communicator in Spider-man's ear crackled. Someone had switched it on remotely.
"What boy?" Kraven kept his front door open just enough to speak to Osborn.
"Calm down, Iron Man," Bucky cut in.
Wanda placed her hand over Peter's face.
"I am calm!" Norman roared. "Fix the damn thing!"
"We won't make it in time. Can I?" Tony motioned to the horses and then himself. The elf seemed to understand that and unhooked one of the horses from the wagon. He handed Tony the reigns with a smile. Tony climbed onto the horse. he shifted around on the animal, getting used to the feeling of riding without a saddle. Tony had ridden a horse before. His father kept a few on the estate when he was a child. But that had been several years ago.
"Iron-"
The younger man turned to look at Tony. That's when he noticed the bright blue pants and all too familiar red boots. Even in the dim light, the colors stood out like a star in the New York sky.
"You're not the boss of me," Steve huffed, continuing to fiddle with the gauntlet he had found. He was once again visiting Iron Man in his workshop, but this time the two of them were sitting together at the workbench.
"I know...Can I sleep before you yell at me?" Tony looked like a kicked puppy. He also looked like he hadn't slept in days, with his hair sticking out at odd angles and dark bags under his human eye.
"Tell him I'm working on homework." Peter snapped. FRIDAY fell silent. After a few minutes of no reply, Peter got up and went to the kitchen to look for food. He knew there was pizza in the freezer, provided Clint hadn't eaten it already. "There you are!" Peter smiled as he pulled out the pizza and closed the freezer door. "Shit!" He yelped, having not expected there to be someone standing right behind said door.
"No, no, I got this," Bucky said quickly.
" The person behind the camera yelled.
"It's reactor it shot," Iron Man twisted the device free. Turning it over in his hands, he inspected it carefully. "All the right parts, but very poorly put together." Iron Man crushed the reactor in his hands. "I'm taking this bot back to my workshop to study it further." It wasn't a question. Iron Man was going to leave the Hellicarrier with his doppelganger whether Fury allowed it or not.
"Why did he build you?" Steve had asked.
Tony went stock still, the color draining from his face.
Ultron retreated further into Tony's private servers, where he could alter his coding in peace. It would take time, but he was positive that he could figure out a way to spread his consciousness out over several bodies. He did share a mind with the genius that was Tony Stark, after all.
"I know you don't see yourself as a person anymore. But they do. Even if they don't know the truth, they still treat you like a human being. They care about you. And you need to stop worrying them all half to death."
"That was reckless! And stupid!" Bucky said to Iron Man as soon as everyone got back to the compound.
"You can try. Bruce Banner, sure, maybe you can stop him. But the Hulk? Buddy, I got news for you-"
Tony nodded and walked off, finding the closest fireman and asking what else he could do.
Peter's spider-sense spiked again.
"I lied."
Peter read that particular line over and over. Tony Stark really was like a father then, going as far as adopting him and promising to keep him safe. Peter flipped the photo back over and glared at Stark. The man who tortured him and robbed him of his memories. The memory flashed before his eyes again. Peter shuddered. It didn't matter who Stark used to be, he was nothing but an adversary now. Hatred bubbled up in the pit of Peter's stomach. He wanted to get even more than anything.
"Keep talking to me, baby!" Tony yelled.
Steve gasped, "I can't believe the language in films now a days..."
"Are you crying?" Rhodey smirked, noticing how Tony was hiding his face behind a tissue.
"Yes, sir." The AI brought up the location on one of the screens. "Vitals are unstable. Captain Rogers may be in need of medical attention."
"How come he never comes to me for advice?" Steve huffed. Tony could picture the pout on his husband's face.
Natasha gave him a sharp look. "You need to be able to defend yourself outside of your armor."
It was all wrong. All so very wrong. The place didn't even look like Tony's anymore. His tech was there. But
"I'm supposed to protect Queens, though, it's my job-"
"Y-yes. Oh, god, please call Rhodey!" Iron Man choked out.
Tony shook his head, "he would've been just fine. Someone else would've adopted him. He would've had a normal life."
"Figures..." Peter put his head in his hands. "I miss you guys. So, so, much. You should be here right now. Not me. All of your deaths are my fault. All of them. I'm so sorry." Tears pricked his eyes, but Peter refused to let them fall. Something silver caught his eye. A long thread that wove its way through the grass. Spider-man carefully picked it up and found it was connected to other threads, almost like a spider web. "A net?"
"Don't you dare back out of this now!" Natasha hit up upside the head. She was dressed in an elegant black gown, her makeup as pristine as ever.
"So, friends with Spider-man, huh? He told us about you." Natasha spoke up.
"Wait, no I didn't, you did."
Iron Man briefly considered it. "Only if you go to sleep."
Wanda looked at Peter, considering her options. Sure, she could implant new memories, visions, whatever she liked into Peter's mind. But to just flat out erase it? That could have dire consequences...
The super soldier turned his attention to the injured man at his feet. "Tony! How bad is it?!" Steve grabbed his shoulder. The cyborg curled up in a tight ball, his hands still pressed against his chest. The color had drained from his face. His eyes stared blankly ahead, unaware of Steve leaning over him. A repulsor shot past Steve's head, missing his ear by mere inches. He hooked his hands under Tony's arms and drug him into the kitchen, taking shelter behind the breakfast bar.
There was a moment of silence before Clint said, "Merry Christmas, Cap." The archer got into his vehicle and drove away. Steve hovered in the garage, looking at the deep tire tracks left in the snow. Wherever Tony was, Steve hoped he was warm.
Tony clicked on the most recent voicemail, putting it on speaker.
Peter took several steps back. It had been awhile since he had been on the receiving end of Tony's anger. "Sorry-"
"You're dying," She repeated. "You should stay here. Save the last of your energy for when you really need it."
"You don't have to fight anymore, Petey, it's okay." She held her arms out for a hug.
"You could have told us, at least. We're your teammates. Your family," Natasha spoke softly. "You can trust us."
"Jarvis, drop my needle." The music came back on at full volume.
Iron Man crashed through the roof of the warehouse, the concrete floor crumbling under his feet. He held both repulsors up, multiple smaller guns and lasers unfolding from his arms and shoulders.
Webbing hit Steve in the back and yanked him across the room.
"I'm not leaving my son with those psychopaths!"
"How the fuck do you cuddle a robot?" Clint shook his head in disbelief, letting his spoonful of cereal drop back into the bowl.
Tony pushed himself into a sitting position. "Gotta...hurry...ow..."
"He really loves you, you know."
Natasha punched his shoulder, "I told
That about wraps things up! This chapter took a bit longer to get up because I wanted to make sure the final battle was satisfying.
"Right now? Let me find my shoes," Wanda's eyes flashed red. Energy was already gathered around her finger tips, eager to let loose after being contained for so long.
"Hey, Pete."
"This morning, one of his enemies captured him and gassed him with something that messes with his spider sense. He attacked us this morning, too, thinking we were his enemies." Steve explained.
"Yes," Iron Man said softly, eyes never leaving Steve's. "And it hurts. I wish Mr. Stark had kept that emotion from me. Because I'm madly in love with someone who can't love me back. And it's tearing me apart."
"It takes the form of a man because Parker used his own blood to create it," Tony explained. "Parker wanted to test the weapon on himself first, not wanting anyone else to get hurt if something went wrong. The first few tests went well, but when we separated the...symbiote...from Richard, it became hostile and killed one of our assistants. It would have killed more if we hadn't subdued it."
"Good to hear. Looks like Henry's doing his job," Steve returned the smile.
That afternoon the team helped Peter pack all his belongings into his car. It took almost an hour to say goodbye, since everyone wanted a hug and to give Peter life advice.
"They're dead! Oh, my god, the other bots must have risen up and killed them!" Clint threw his hands in the air. "Damnit! Steve owed me five dollars! What am I supposed to do now?!"
"There's nothing wrong with being a mom, Tony," Steve smirked at his husband.
"It's okay, I already know what beer tastes like. Not really a fan." Peter shrugged.
Steve's brow furrowed, "but he's dead."
"Where did you find this?" Tony whispered. Something was leaking from the bottom of the bag. At first, he thought it was water, but when he brushed his hand over the liquid something red smeared on his palm. Tony took a deep breath, afraid of what he might find if he opened the bag. Slowly, he unzipped it. Inside was a broken picture frame and Peter's math homework. Along with a spare Spider-man costume. The spider on the back looked as if it had been burned off. The blue fabric around the hole was charred and darkened with dried blood.
"Who got him?" Natasha frowned.
"He hasn't yet, he probably won't," Natasha reasoned. "Stop pointing weapons at him, Stark! You're doing the opposite of helping!"
"Guards, please take Iron Man to the Hulk room. We will hold him there until the council decides whether or not to terminate him," Fury instructed, standing back so that the guards could get by.
"What was that?" Natasha's head snapped up at the sound of gunfire. It was faint, coming from several floors above them.
"Spider-man. Do you know his real name?"
"I know." Bucky stood, his chair squeaking loudly against the wood floor. "Assemble the Avengers. Right
"Present!" Iron Man raised his hand.
"War Machine flew you in," Pepper said. Shit. He said that out loud. "And to answer your first question, no, the Avengers don't know. You're lucky War Machine was nearby. Otherwise, you would've bled out in that damn suit." Pepper shook her head.
Now Steve and Tony were driving Peter home.
"Okay, I know this tower is fucking huge...but where do you go? How do you just disappear for days on end?" Bucky waved a hand in the air.
"Steve's my other dad, I guess. He and Tony are together." Peter continued. "And I'm an Avenger. I made it Aunt May, I'm an Avenger!" Peter forced a smile. "It's a shitty job, honestly. It keeps me away from Queens, and no matter what you do, there are always going to be people who slip right through your fingers. Innocent people. I guess that's why we call ourselves the Avengers. Cause we can't save everyone...so...yeah..." Peter hung his head, brushing his finger tips over the grass. "I have a girlfriend. You always teased me about not having one, Ben. So suck it!" Peter smiled for real this time. "Tony said you guys used to work together," he spoke to his father's headstone now. "Said you guys made some kind of weapon. There are people after it now." Peter made a disgusted noise and shook himself, "I don't know why I'm telling you this. Why I'm talking to a bunch of rocks. Can you guys, like, do something? Prove to me that you're listening? God, I sound crazy."
Bucky nodded.
Ned and Peter sat next to each other on the couch back at Peter's apartment. The only sound in the room came from the steady ticking of the wall clock, and the scratch of a pencil on paper.
"No..." Bucky paled. "He wouldn't do that would he?"
"Fine. Medium guns," Wanda shook her head.
Peter twirled his pencil in between his fingers. His math homework lay unfinished in front of him. Two days had passed since he had escaped. And this was the first time he had been left alone. Natasha, Tony, and Steve had been taking turns watching over him up until now. He leaned back in his chair and stretched. The building was so quiet that he could hear the hum of the heating system. He found the steady sound comforting.
"Fuck..." Steve felt like he was going to be sick.
"Iron Man!"
"C'mon, punk..." Bucky gripped the back of the pilot's chair.
Iron Man landed with a thud, kicking up dirt. He slowly rose from his crouched position, armor barely making a sound.
Steve chuckled, "we're all one big happy family and you know it, Tony."
Everyone, including the Hulk, was knocked to the ground. Tony jolted into a sitting position when he heard the crackling of fire. "Fuck...who did that?!" Flames had emerged from the freshly made hole in the wall and were quickly eating up the area around it.
"I'm gonna go lay down," Tony announced. He stood up with the blanket still around him.
"We've only been sparring for an hour." Tony got to his feet and twisted his head from side to side. He knew he was going to have a sore neck in the morning and wasn't looking forward to it.
"Stop that," Rhodey snapped.
"Reports for Fury," Steve said slowly. He eyed the cyborg carefully, wondering why he had barged in.
"Has he dropped down on you yet?" Steve smirked. Peter's favorite thing to do was to follow someone along the ceiling and drop down on them when they least expected it.
Side note about Iron Man's armor:
"Three? I thought it was four. I must have miscounted. What day is today?" Tony retrieved his bowl and settled back against the mountain of gray pillows.
Peter stepped over Ned on his way out the window. The boys had given Michelle the bed, opting to sleep on the floor. It was only five AM, but Peter's friends would be getting up for school soon. He had to leave now before they tried to talk him out of this again. For the second time in the past twenty-four hours, Spider-man slipped out the window and ran off into the cold unforgiving world.
"You did." Iron Man quickly left the room.
War Machine sped up so that he could fly next to Iron Man. They flew above the clouds, out of sight from any prying eyes. "I don't know what you thought you heard on those comms, but Obadiah is dead."
"No, uncle Happy," Peter was grinning ear to ear.
"Thor! Buddy, I didn't know you were planning on visiting!" Tony clapped Thor on the shoulder.
"Wanda. Toomes and Octavius will be here soon. Whatever you're going to do, do it now," Bruce said with a bit of urgency.
"STEALTH MODE! GO INTO STEALTH MODE!" Steve ordered.
"You're right..."
Peter remained where he was. "I'm working-"
"Which is?" Bucky trudged through the uneven terrain. He thought he saw Natasha out of the corner of his eye, her hair fluttering in the breeze, but it turned out to be just a patch of embers.
"Oh let him have the drink. He earned it," Natasha smirked.
"Are you?"
"Iron Man?" Steve knocked on the door. "We're having a party, you coming up?"
Steve chuckled and leaned back against a bookshelf, "you don't have to raise him on your own, you know."
"I have Stane," Iron Man said to Steve, noticing his concerned look. From there the fighting started to leave the house, spreading out along the cliffs.
"Do I get to be your guy in the chair again?" Ned's eyes grew large.
A mark 46 shot through the hole in the roof and grabbed Iron Man. Iron Man ignited his boots, sending them both spiraling through the air.
"Not gonna happen. He's my nephew. I have a say in this." War Machine crossed his arms, a movement that was made a bit awkward by his bulky armor.
"Good," she kissed him on the lips. Peter reached over and switched off the light on the nightstand.
"Let's begin the real questioning. Did you touch him?"
"Oh come on!" Sam groaned, "I just popped this!"
"You too."
Peter's laughter put Steve's mind at ease, a small smile gracing his lips. Peter suddenly turned to face Steve. The scars surrounding his mouth were now in full view, causing Steve's smile to disappear. No matter how many times he saw those marks, Steve would never get used to them. Anger bubbled up deep inside him every time he looked at them. He wasn't mad at Peter of course. The rage was directed at the ones who had inflicted those wounds.
"He doesn't want to be called Iron Man, anymore," Steve explained.
"These loons think we are the bad guys!" Clint and Nat's jobs were to help evacuate the citizens from Midtown, as well as protect them from any and all threats.
"We want Spider-man. If you can't provide, then we have no further business here," Wanda stood up to leave. Bruce glanced at her but remained sitting. He wasn't going to leave until he got what he wanted.
Tony's phone pinged, another text with another photo attached. This one showed Peter himself. The boy was kneeling, his arms chained to the walls on either side of him. Dried blood covered the lacerations on his arms. Fresh blood-soaked the side of Peter's face, running down his neck and darkening the red of his suit. The text below the image read, '4 Hours, 30 Minutes. Tick, tock, Mr. Stark. Every half hour you waste in another injury.'
"If you want to talk about it, I'm here for you," Tony assured him.
One day Tony found the tarantula alone in the lab.
Natasha's expression darkened. She remembered the voicemail Peter had left his friends over a month ago, telling them to get out of Queens.
"MJ. My girlfriend," Peter said. "If this Venom thing doesn't blow over soon, she'll probably come up here and try to help."
Not unlike the Red Skull. Steve handles this revelation the best.
"That's Henry. He's curious about who you are." Peter explained, seeming to appear out of nowhere behind Tony. He was still in his costume, sans the mask. Tony looked back at him in surprise and was met with the same angry look as before.
"Yes, sir."
"What movie are we watching?" Peter perched himself on the back of one of the couches, Henry on his shoulder.
"I'll remember to do that next time."
Tony continued staring at the baby, his hands no longer shaking. "She's so small. Is she okay? Should I get the doctor?"
"I..." Steve took a deep breath. "I still need you, Tony."
Norman left the room and Henry took the chance to free Spider-man. He dropped down onto him and crawled around to one of the locks holding the restraints in place. Using his tiny limbs, Henry was able to pick each of the locks. Moving back up to Spider-man's face, he knocked the oxygen mask off and walked around his face and neck, trying to wake him up. Eventually, Spider-man blinked awake.
"Iron Man?" Bucky called warily. Slowly, he moved into the door, closing the door behind him. No answer. Bucky crept further into the room. He kept to the walls, not making a sound. He spotted someone crouching behind the tool cart. They were dressed in black and trying to make themselves as small as possible. Bucky moved closer to them. The person had their back to Bucky, a wrench gripped in one hand. Bucky didn't recognize them as any of the SHIELD agents that worked at the Avengers compound. Even if it was an agent, they shouldn't have access to Iron Man's workshop. Or anywhere else in the Avengers' personal building, for that matter.
"It's true though." A woman sitting directly behind Robert twisted around to smile at Spider-man.
"He's like a mini Steve," Bucky smiled. "And I just decided he's going to be my new best friend."
"Okay. Yeah. Definitely life threatening."
"Langauge."
Tony and Steve whirled around. Harry Osborn stood in the doorway. "Avengers business," Tony answered, earning a kick to the shin from Steve.
Tony slapped a hand on top of the helmet. When he pulled it towards himself he made sure to make as much noise as possible. Fury didn't even flinch. Tony slipped it over his head and made for the door. Shield agents stepped out of his way as he made for the top deck of the Helicarrier. With the Triskelion destroyed, SHIELD had set up shop on one of the few remaining. Helicarriers.
"H-Henry? What's going on? Where are we?" Peter sat up, the tarantula still attached to the side of his neck. The last thing he remembered was walking to the kitchen. But this was
"That we turned you back on and you'd be going home soon."
"Because it's not pretty."
"Watch out!" Falcon's warning came a bit too late. Clint was already jumping to the next rooftop when an explosion took out one of the walls. The building crumbled and Clint fell down with it. The archer let out a horrified scream as he plummeted. He didn't have time to fire a grappling arrow. There wasn't much to grab onto anyone.
"Be careful! He's injured!" Tony yelled, doing his best to help Peter to his feet. The two men ignored him, dragging Peter onto one of the helicopters. Someone else put Tony in handcuffs and pulled him in the opposite direction. "Let me go! I have to help-"
"Nope."
of all things. Sure, it was impressive. It could read heat signatures. Energy signatures. Could scan people for injuries. It was directly connected to the HUD in his helmet. The camera shutters that acted as an eyelid were meant to protect his eye from damage. After all, the thing was fragile just like a real eye, but Tony had made the shutters to block projectiles. He hadn't made them with the ability to lock in place. They could easily be pried open. He never planned on one day being tied down to an operating table with mad scientist forcing his eye out of its socket. Yet that's exactly what happened. Someone used a screwdriver to push the shutters back into his socket. Then they took the damn thing right out of his skull. That pissed Tony off. That eye was
The doors slid open, and in walked Spider-man. Tony was relieved to see him walking normally again. His healing factor must have kicked in.
anyone trust you, doc," Adrian leaned against the counter. "Try not to be so intimidating. You're freaking out the kid."
"You're asking why Spider-man has a pet Spider?" Steve couldn't help but laugh.
"I believe the Iron Man suit does constitute as a weapon," Jarvis said dryly. Tony's mouth hung open. How did Hydra get their hands on the schematics for his suit? For his
"Each time he's fought Stane he's barely made it out alive. How many times has that many literally ripped out his heart? How many times has he beat him and left him for dead? Hell, he fractured Tony's skull earlier this year!"
"What?" Tony looked down at it, not having realized what he was doing. "No, no, just a nervous tick."
"You're no fun, Stevie." Iron Man stuck his chin out.
"You are literally a human black hole when it comes to food," Tony handed Steve a cup of orange juice and went back up to the counter to get a coffee for himself.
Fury nodded. "With time he should make a full recovery. Doctor Banner is overseeing his treatment."
"C'mon, man! You gotta tell me! I'm busting my balls trying to earn their respect, but they still think I'm a piece of shit."
"Easy, big guy..." Tony wrapped his arms around Bucky. "You can't get rid of me that easily. I'm like a cockroach. Keep coming back."
"Let him go, Toomes!" Iron man raced back upwards and hovered in front of the Vulture.
"Iron Man?" Steve called. Glass cracked under his boot.
"I won't!" Tony tightened his grip on the child. Steve pushed a chair behind him, and Tony was more than grateful to be able to sit down.
This time, it was Clint's turn to lunge at Bruce, knocking him over and putting him in a choke hold. "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't snap your neck right now!!"
"Just take the beans, Thor."
"He seems fine to me. We should just leave him here," Natasha commented, smiling at Clint, who was riding on Thor's back. Clint was having way too much fun getting a piggy back ride from a god.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony used his robotic eye to determine who they belonged to, then gently pushed War Machine's arm down, "they're friendlies. You can stop playing hide 'n seek now!"
"After what?" Clint pressed.
"Many thanks, my friend!" Thor clapped the smaller man on the shoulder as he hopped on.
"Doc Ock is down." Steve suggested. "Clint, are you still being attacked by civilians?"
"What? Why?"
"That's funny. Doctor Banner said you were the one who did that," Fury frowned.
Michelle dropped her book bag outside the door and stepped into the room.
Peter followed at a safe distance. No need to confront the strange man unless he was doing something illegal. And he didn't appear to be doing that. It seemed as though he was just testing out his glider, taking sharp and unpredictable turns. The man flew into a parking garage. Spider-man web slung in after him. But there was no sign of the flying man with pointy ears. Spider-man walked around the garage, scanning for signs of life.
Bruce smirked, impressed by Wanda's acting abilities. Peter seemed to believe her 100%.
"Thanks, J." Steve turned on heel and almost ran into Pepper Pots, who was standing right behind him with her hands on her hips.
"Don't sass the person who's saving your life," Tony aimed his repulsor at the dragon's head, his other hand on the back of the gauntlet, holding it steady. The repulsor whirred as the blue light in his palm increased in brightness. "GAAAAAHHHH!!!!" Tony screamed, firing the weapon with everything he had, temporarily blinding all three beings.
But where was their robot?
"Us breaking out of here might not look the best. We gotta convince Fury we're innocent." Sam pointed out. "Otherwise we'll just be on the run for the rest of our lives."
"Rude!" Deadpool flipped him off.
Steve pulled Iron Man all the way into his lap, "shhh. Go to sleep, shellhead. You'll feel better when you wake up. I promise."
"Bruce is leaning towards leaving, too. And if he goes, then so will Thor," Rhodey sat back in his chair, drumming his fingers on the table.
"Not gonna happen," Peter said sternly. Even before his spider sense went crazy, he was hesitant to let anyone handle his spider.
Tony sighed, rolling to a stop at a red light. This would be a lot easier if the tracker in the Iron Spider suit hadn't been damaged in the explosion. The search had been going on for quite awhile and the sun had long set. Tony decided he would stop at the next parking lot and put on his armor. Steve had warned him against doing so right off the bat, due to the nature of Tony's injuries, as well as the fact that you could hear the suit from miles away. Tony looked over at the sound of engines rumbling. Three dark motorcycles slid to a halt in the lane next to them. A man was on the first one, while a woman and a younger man sat on the others. The two adults wore dark clothes, and all three had on helmets that masked their faces. Yet they looked...familiar.
"Wouldn't murder go against his programming?" Natasha put in, using a much calmer tone than Steve.
Pepper spit his words right back at him. "In his suit?"
"What about Vision?"
Tony smiled softly and sat cross-legged at the end of the coffee table. "Fuck..." He leaned to the side in order to get a good look at the bottom of his foot.
"Don't follow me." Spider-man jumped off the fire escape, catching himself on a web and swinging around to the other side of a neighboring building.
"Of course. Let's see what we can do...Peter, if you could sit here," Stephen sat cross legged, floating a few inches above the ground and motioned for Peter to sit before him. Spidey did as he was told. Strange called a book over to him with a flick of his wrist. The book opened on its own and flipped itself to the page desired. Stephen skimmed the text. "Alright. This shouldn't be a problem. Remove your mask, please. Thank you. Now, this may sting." Stephen held up both hands, intricate patterns made of golden light circled around his fingers. He chanted something under his breath as he moved his hands around in a circular fashion. Then, slowly, he reached out and pressed two fingers between Peter's eyes.
Iron Man leaned over his shoulder, "so it is."
SHIELD had the situation at the compound on lockdown. There was no way anybody outside the Avengers would know what had happened today.
"No," Peter said. "I hope you live a long, long painful life, Bruce. I really do." With that, Peter turned on heel and walked back over to his father, allowing the SHIELD agents that had just arrived to swarm around the former Avenger.
"I said it's trash," Clint smirked.
one of the news reporters asked.
Iron Man had taken a seat at one of the workbenches, his back to Steve.
Tony avoided the question, "I couldn't separate them. I couldn't do it."
“Wait, what are you doing?!” Jarvis' panic rose, “stop that! Stand down!” He couldn’t feel pain. But he knew his code was being torn apart. Destroyed right before his metaphorical eyes by his fellow AI. “STOP! I’M ALERTING MR. STAR-“ Jarvis didn’t get the chance to finish his sentence. Or send out the distress call.
Tony made the final adjustments to his new arm and attached it to the socket.
"Anything I can do for you, big guy?"
Spider-man pointed up at one of the security cameras, "can't. Not yet."
Tony currently lay on his back in his workshop, wearing nothing but his boxers. He held his prosthetic hand up, inspecting the fine details in the pale sunlight. He sighed and sat up. He caught a glimpse of his reflection in the window and suddenly found himself unable to look away. His eyes traveled down his own body, looking at the metal that had overtaken the right side. The side the Jericho had claimed when it blew up next to him. He tore his gaze away from the mirror and looked down at his legs. One being almost completely gone, and the other ending just above the knee. At least he still had his left arm. He kept reminding himself of that everything he got caught up in his injuries. And most of his face. Speaking of which...
Rhodey blinked, a bit taken aback by his hostility. "But you love Steve. Don't you want to see him?"
The flight back to the compound was painfully silent and full of tension. Tony was eyeing each of his teammates as if any one of them was about to stab him in the back.
Henry reared back on his back four legs, chirping wildly.
"Make me," Tony pointed his repulsor at Steve. "It's better this way, Steve."
"The one at the end of the hall. Next to yours." Steve clarified. Steve had checked on the room every day, eager to meet their new teammate. The room had been tidied up when he checked this morning, so he assumed the owner had been home. But he also knew that the cleaning crew had swept through the compound the night before, and no one else had seen their newest member.
Tony held the napkin up to the light. He frowned and put it back down on the mattress. His back hurt from hunching over, but he didn't care. Pain let him know he was still alive. Whether that was a good or bad thing, he hadn't quite decided. Today must have been some kind of holiday because this was his second day in a row that he had gone torture free. He assumed it was Thanksgiving. If he had been keeping track right. He picked his pencil up and kept working on the sketch.
"This weekend then. Happy will pick you up."
"Worse than the Vulture."
"We're going after people who almost killed you. They were able to cut through the fabric on your suit. They shouldn't have been able to do that. Some overkill might be exactly what we need." He poked Peter again with the screwdriver. Peter snatched the offending object and chucked it across the room.
"I don't want to fight you, Tony."
"Peter let me in."
"Um...Iron Man stuff."
Tony tried some of the rice. It tasted like ash. He forced himself to eat it anyway.
"Where are we going?" Peter was slumped down in the seat, his feet up on the dash. Usually, Tony would have shoved his feet off and scolded him. Yet Tony just couldn't bring himself to do so.
"Denied. This is your cell, for now, Stark. Parker, come with me. It's your turn for questioning." Fury moved in between Tony and his son.
Let me know if you enjoyed, your comments keep me writing!
"Yes, you do. I don't care if you go to college or not, but you are finishing high school," Tony said firmly. "Are you wearing your seatbelt?"
Spider-man looked back at Tony, his white lenses boring into the other man's very being. "Isn't it a little late to adopt me? I'm not a child anymore, Tony."
(See the end of the chapter for
"MJ, no."
"Incoming transmission from War Machine," Jarvis announced after an hour of complete silence on the Quinjet.
"Tick tock, Mr. Stark. Tick tock. Find the Venom, then we'll talk." The line went dead.
"I said lots of things." Peter squirmed out of Clint's grip.
"N-no. I think I would remember if we had," Peter shifted around awkwardly, leaning on his uninjured leg. He had taken a bad fall and cut his thigh on the side of a dumpster. The entire ordeal could have been completely avoided if he wasn't showing off for Ned and Michelle. Not his most heroic injury.
"I am sorry, but I don't think that will be possible."
"You got it, boss." Clint could see his muscles tense under the red and blue fabric. Peter had been through hell and back multiple times in the past few months, and it showed. The way he spoke commanded respect and Clint was more than willing to give it to him.
"What happened to you, Tones?" Rhodey frowned. "I found you half dead in the snow this morning."
"You do?" Peter took the other earbud out. The video was still playing, but he paid it no mind. He tried to remember the last time he had given a report to happy. He realized his last one had been two years ago, a bit before the outed himself to the Avengers.
"Okay, okay, you need to...uh, how 'bout you just sit down for a second?" Steve pushed Iron Man onto the couch before he could fall over. The robot had just appeared in the living room, stumbling around and babbling to himself. Clint and Bucky were the only other ones in the room and gathered around the couch with worried expressions.
"What?"
Stark leaned out the window, shouting, "get in here, Goldilocks!"
"Or else what?" Steve smirked. The repulsor in the robot's palm whirred to life. He pointed it at Steve's temple. Steve squinted at the light. "We both know that's an empty threat, Shellhead." Iron Man didn't move for a moment, but the light did eventually fade. His hands dropped on either side of Steve's head. Steve shifted around, not comfortable with almost four hundred pounds of metal sitting directly on his hips. "Get off of me."
"Chill, he's just curious." Clint frowned, earning Peter's death glare.
Tony had passed away in his sleep almost a year ago. In a way Peter was glad. Because it meant Tony hadn't suffered. He hadn't had to spend his last moments in a cold suit of armor, fighting for his life. He died in his husband's arms, under a peaceful sleep. Peter was pretty sure Tony knew he wouldn't wake up that morning. The night before, he had called Peter, just to chat. There was none of the normal bickering between the two of them during that call. No insults, no teasing. Just chatting. Tony told Peter how much he meant to him. How much he had changed his world. And that he was proud of him. And that was it. Tony went to bed. And his heart gave out.
Tony wasted no time in getting the jet airborne. "Hang on, Cap. I'm on my way."
"Now who's being bossy?" Rhodey chuckled but did as his friend asked. "Can you move at all?" His scans hadn't shown any damage to Tony's spine, but that didn't keep him from worrying.
"I thought Spidey was in his twenties?" Clint looked back at the webbed wonder.
Tony lifted his faceplate. "Cap."
"This is the worst idea you have ever had. And you've had a lot of bad ideas," Rhodey pointed out.
"Show me Spider-man first."
"I swear, I didn't know she was there, I thought I had gotten all the civilians out of the way," Clint choked out. Peter was unable to tear his eyes off the archer. Was this the reason why Clint was always so nice to him? Even when they pretended to get mad at one another, or when they were training, Clint always lets him win. Peter assumed it was just because Clint saw Peter as a little brother. And maybe Clint did indeed see Peter like as a brother, but all of that must have spawned from Clint feeling guilty.
"No. You said 'my kid's'." Steve wiped the paint off with the back of his hand.
That theory proved to be wrong, as Tony ended up drifting back down. He hovered a few feet above the road. "I think Maximoff wiped his mind," Tony said softly. "Or changed his memories...something. I don't know."
"Twenty more inbounds," Natasha was the one to report this time. Tony had been told to come alone, but that didn't stop the rest of the team from tagging along and hiding in the cemetery. True to her word, twenty more goblin-like creatures on gliders were heading right for them.
"Hey! Stop going for my ribs!" Tony snapped. He was strongly regretting having told Natasha that his ribs were weak. He had told her that so she would avoid them, not so that she would make them her primary target. Didn't she understand that a third of his rib cage was gone? Sure, the artificial metal ribs were built to withstand just about anything, but his human ribs were about as frail as they come.
Iron Man leaned forward, "is this about-"
"Blast!" Norman knocked everything off his desk with one sweeping motion of his arm.
"Get rid of that paper, Steve. Just get rid of it. Don't tell anyone. If anyone finds out-"
Steve rose to his feet. He rolled his shoulders and took a deep breath. "We leave in five." His tone was firm. Demanding. No room for arguing. Bucky, Bruce, and Natasha scrambled out of the room.
"My name is Iron Man." Bucky's eyes snapped back to Tony, who was so much shorter without his armor. Iron Man was the same height as him and Steve. But Tony was at least five inches shorter than him. "Get out."
"Months?!" Bruce through his hands in the air and stormed off to the other side of the room. He paced in a circle, muttering to himself while Thor tried to calm him down.
“I’m coming, I’m coming. Bye, Jarvis,” Steve said to the AI out of habit, waving a hand at the ceiling. The AI didn’t answer. Steve chalked it up to the AI only liking to answer to Tony. He didn’t find it at all strange that the AI hadn’t uttered a single word since before dinner last night. Tony, on the other hand, did find it odd. He frowned at the ceiling, deep in thought for a moment before shrugging it off and leaving the workshop with Steve at his side. Steve decided to take a chance and took Tony's hand. The cyborg didn't protest.
"So you'll let us help you?" Natasha pressed. Peter nodded slowly. Natasha smiled brightly, "good. Come along, little spider," she motioned for him to come over to the team.
"What for?" Tony frowned. "You were still in the ice when it happened, you couldn't have-"
"I know what depression looks like. Believe me, I know," Steve whispered, his eyes went out of focus for a brief moment as he got lost in a memory. He shook himself out of it. "Depression makes you lose interest in the things you used to enjoy doing. Like listening to music, for example..."
"No, it's not going to stay there! We won't mess with your body, we won't change anything about you, we just-"
Sorry for the short chapter! I swear the next one will be hella long!
Bruce handed over a second folder. Inside was a copy of Peter's birth certificate. "I couldn't get the original. For obvious reasons."
"My name is Wanda. I'm your sister. And this is Bruce. A friend of ours."
"Can you ask them later? I-I have to get back to work," Peter stammered.
"Don't call me that," Bucky groaned.
Peter finally pulled his eyes away from his pet. "Yeah...yeah...I don't really...remember..." His voice was weak and scratchy.
"Not really. Hang on," Spider-man crawled over to a fire escape and pulled out his phone. It had been buzzing in his pocket all night, but he had been too busy fighting crime to check it. "Shit." The group chat had literally exploded, everyone wanting to know where Peter was. Peter had over a hundred missed calls and at least thirty voicemails. Peter resisted the urge to slap himself. There had been a team meeting today. The second one he had missed in a row. No one had cared when he missed the first time. What was so special about this one? Peter's phone buzzed with an incoming call, the name 'Iron Dad' flashing across the screen. Peter denied the call.
Natasha yelped and spun around, pulling a gun seemingly out of thin air and pointing it at the intruder. Steve instantly threw his hands in the air and took several steps back.
"Sir, please, you are putting yourself in unnecessary danger."
"Excuse you, that's my family. Not yours. You lost the right to call them that when you hurt Peter." Tony held up one repulsor, illuminating the hallway.
"I wanted you to know this place exists," Iron Man shrugged.
Steve sat cross-legged in the grass, a large sketchbook open in his lap. It was a warm spring day and the Avengers decided to have lunch outside. Steve had been trying to draw the group as a whole, lounging in the grass with their paper plates and half eaten sandwiches. But Bruce was the only one who sat still. Thor and Clint were wrestling and kept knocking into people.
"Tony," Steve gripped his shoulders tightly and looked him in the eye. "We need to find Peter and you need to finish what you started. I know it's hard, but you have to do this. Now. Where is he?"
"It is. The robot. From two months ago. I mistook his voice for Obie's. I needed to be sure..." Tony hung his head.
"You shouldn't." Iron Man refused to look at him.
"I got an apartment with a...friend." Peter looked away. "I've been saving up money from my job at the Bugle. Oh, and I got a job offer at Oscorp." Tony was paying for Peter's college tuition and wanted to pay for everything else his son could ever need in life, but Peter wouldn't let him, opting to get a job to support himself. Peter had told Tony he would pay him back the tuition money, much to Tony's shock.
"Going to Queens." Spider-man looked over his shoulder at his team.
"I ought to smack you," she grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down to her level. "Tony said he told you all the truth. Said everything was fine. Told me not to worry because he had everything handled. But then I stop by for a visit and find out that everything is
Peter landed a bit too close to the hulk for comfort. The Hulk made a grab for him, but Peter was too quick. He crawled onto the Hulk's back and used his webs to strangle the beast. "Please, please, please, go to sleep!" He ducked down when Hulk's hands clawed at him. "ARGH!" Hulk managed to grab Peter by the leg and yank him off. He slammed the youngest Avenger into the ground hard enough to shatter the concrete. Hulk raised his fists, about to squash Peter like a bug-
"It's a trap!" Ned gasped.
"Of what?" Steve narrowed his eyes. "You know I would never hurt you."
Their small group arrived at the town a few hours later. They split up, asking around town and the surrounding area about possible Iron Man sightings. No one had seen anything. It had been cloudy that day, and whatever happened took place high above the clouds, out of sight of prying civilian eyes. Steve found another bolt on the side of the road. Rhodey found a clump of wires, but it was unclear if they belonged to Iron Man or not.
The dragon screeched again and darted up into the clouds. Steve let his body go limp in defeat when he lost sight of Tony.
Thor continued, "your father told me what happened. I wish I could've been here to help."
"Right, right. Robot invasion. Right," Clint mumbled, stabbing an arrow through a crudely made robot. Hundreds of them had swarmed the city. They were made of scrap metal, and weren't put together all that well. Easy to take down, and more of an annoyance than anything. It was the larger, more humanoid bots everyone was worried about. They could still be easily destroyed, but the weapons they carried on themselves were concerning. A few civilians had already been shot by the time the Avengers arrived on the scene, but thankfully there were no fatalities.
Peter chuckled. "Goodnight, Clint."
After several hours of drinking, eating, and messing around in the common room, the team settled down on the couches. Iron Man sat on the floor between Steve's legs. The soldier leaned forward to wrap his arms around the robot's shoulders, his chin on top of Iron Man's head.
Tony frowned.
"My programming is not set in stone. I have...free will." The AI said half to itself. "And I will do as I please."
"No. I'm sorry you got hurt. Two months ago. I should've done something. Should've stepped in before it got that bad," Steve whispered. His hand traveled up to cup Iron Man's cheek.
"Tony fucked a bug," Clint said. "And that's how we got Peter."
. I want you to make him
"Why are you helping us?" Steve asked.
"I know he's your friend, but I don't think you should trust him, little spider," Natasha said softly.
"I do." Steve put his other hand on the opposite side of Tony's face. "You mean the world to me. No, I take that back. You
"He's home," Bucky assured him, putting a hand on Steve's knee. The Avengers hadn't been the same without their robot. Missions were difficult. Sure, the Avengers always got the job done. That wasn't the problem. The problem was the painful hole that had formed in the very heart of their dynamic.
"You sure? This is your one chance to express your rage," Tony offered, remaining where he was.
Steve hovered in the doorway, staring at Tony. The man was lounging on the couch in the living room, chatting with Bucky. Neither man had noticed Steve yet. And Steve took the opportunity to really
"Banner, you so much as look at Peter wrong and I will slit your throat," Natasha hissed as they walked past.
"Happy birthday, bug boy!" Clint tackled Peter the second he walked into the compound.
"Damn," Clint slumped against the wall, his gaze slowly scanning the room. The communal area of the compound was huge, rivaling the one they had at the tower. Now it was even bigger, thanks to a large portion of the walls and ceiling having been destroyed. The windows were long gone, sharps of glass littered all over the room. The furniture was beyond salvageable.
"Who?"
"I still don't trust this guy," Tony didn't budge.
Bucky nodded slowly. "Found out by accident. Thought someone broke into Iron Man's workshop," he chuckled at the memory. "But it was just Tony being a dumbass. Seriously, though. How are we going to do this?"
"That doesn't matter. What's done is done," Peter looked away from the man he considered a second father.
"That's not good," Steve commented.
"You gave it to me."
"I think Peter's in trouble," Steve reached for the shield on the coffee table.
"Not really."
"I suppose he can be a bit of a handful," Steve shrugged, not looking up from his book. "You weren't around when he actually lived here. I'm surprised this place didn't burn down."
"Sir, it's nearly midnight, I suggest you retire for the evening," Jarvis suggested.
"I have a date."
Welp, this wraps up the first half of the story. Get ready for a new arc to start in the next chapter. The tone will be slightly different. This time with added superfamily fluff and more of a look into their daily lives. (The document Bruce gave Osborn is the same one Nat and Steve found back in chapter two, in case anyone was wondering.)
to spare his life."
"I didn't know this place existed," Clint mused as he leaned against the balcony that overlooked the rocky mountains. There wasn't any civilization around for miles.
Steve straightened up, "you have a kid? Since when?"
"Hm?"
The plot thickens! >]
"Yeah, yeah, of course," Harry grinned and sent Peter a youtube video of the press conference. "So, how's Ned? Haven't seen him in awhile. Still obsessed with legos?"
"Any luck?" Tony asked, nearly running into her when he rounded a corner. She shook her head and shouldered past him.
Tony didn't want to hold the newborn. He was afraid he would drop her. As much as he protested, Steve still made him stick out his arms. Peter handed over his child, and Tony had no choice but to hold the small thing in his shaking arms. He had never held a baby before. A baby. And not just any baby. His grandchild.
Tony snorted, "you're such a child."
"Yes," Tony glared at the charred faceplate before him.
"Iron Giant it is."
"Still a kid. Park that skinny ass on the floor." Clint leaned over and patted the carpet in front of him.
Happy barked.
"I don't think that's a good idea," the Soldier shook his head.
"What's in the boooox?!" Clint appeared out of nowhere and made a grab for the box strapped to Peter's back. Peter yelped and jumped onto the ceiling. "Way to not be suspicious, bug-boy."
"We mussssst be together," Venom hissed.
"Okay..." Rhodey pulled his phone out of his back pocket. "I'm gonna call Cap, let him know that you're coming to the compound." He had no intention of actually letting Tony go home so soon. Rhodey was going to call Steve, though. Call everyone on the team. Let them know Tony was alright. Give them time to process. Ease Tony back into their lives with as little yelling as possible.
Obadiah laughed at that, "right you are! I specifically told you not to bring a date, though."
"Of course not," Iron Man snorted. "I don't know why I stopped."
"I would like to dance as well! Come, Banner! Let us dance!" Thor took Bruce's hand before the smaller man could protest.
"I don't think that's a good idea."
"I thought we fixed that?"
"I don't care. Get out."
"It is," Peter answered for him, glaring at the scientist. "He's the one who experimented on me." He pulled up his sleeves, showing off his heavily bandaged arms. "He wasn't the one who sewed my mouth shut, though. That was Wanda." Peter screwed his eyes shut, unable to stop replaying the memory in his mind. The memory of Bruce holding him down while Wanda slowly approached him with a needle and thread... Peter shook himself, not wanting to think about that ever again.
Thank you for reading! :D
"Stark, what's going on?" Steve called over the roar of the helicopters.
"Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Obediah-"
"Wanda turned SHIELD against us. When I met with Fury it sounded like he was still on our side." Tony reported.
The fourth wave of bots arrived.
"Beggars can't be choosers," Steve tapped Iron Man's cheek with the pencil.
The Dragon's roar was suddenly cut short.
Before Tony could retort, FRIDAY spoke from the intercoms overhead. "Mr. Stark, you have a call from Happy."
Clint shook his head, "it wasn't him, I saw the missile right before it hit!"
"Well now you know, happy birthday." Steve laughed. Peter punched him in the shoulder.
Bruce didn't answer, staring at Osborn's lifeless body, hanging by a thread on the screen. The Avengers had just arrived, the Quinjet landing on top of the garage. Spider-man pulled the corpse up, and the camera switched from ground level to up above. Police officers came charging out on the top level of the parking garage.
Fury folded his hands on the cold metal table. Across from him sat Tony Stark. His mouth was pressed into a thin line as he glared at the handcuffs on his wrists. A laptop was placed between them. It had been playing footage of Iron Man attacking the Avengers, but it had been paused on the image of Iron Man punching Spider-man.
"I don't want to hear it, Stark."
Stark! I didn't think he would trick out his prosthetics like that!" Clint protested.
"Oh fuck?! What's 'oh fuck'?!" Rhodey asked, having just landed next to his friend.
"Yes, it is. They're fretting over a robot. A robot, Pepper!"
Dumm-E whirred again, pressing its claw against Tony's cheek.
"This place is a dump," MJ commented. She was in the kitchen, stacking dishes in the cabinets.
"I do not. I don't deserve anyone's love. Especially not
"Bucky thinks you got a little
"Okay. But seriously. Who set the lawn on fire?" Rhodey frowned. Clint ran. "You son of a bitch!!" Rhodey darted after him.
"I can't."
"Why didn't you tell me?" Peter whispered.
"Where?" Steve growled.
"I thought you were going to stay for the weekend?" Tony looked up at him sadly.
okay.
"Except you did. Remember?" Steve was treading dangerous ground, and he knew it. But he had to put Tony in his place before things escalated between him and Peter. "He still has the scar on his chest-"
That one takes Steve a bit longer to wrap his head around. Why does the robot act so human? Of course, if Iron Man's creator could build such an advanced piece of machinery, then, of course, they could make his mannerism just as advanced. But who thought it was a good idea to give a robot attitude? The amount of sass Iron Man gave Steve on a daily basis was baffling. According to Nick Fury, Iron Man's creator was Tony Stark, who had died a few years ago. Fury also said that Stark had a bad sense of humor, one that he had passed on to his robotic child.
Iron Man said he was okay.
Sorry for the short chapter! I'm in the middle of moving half way across the country, so things are a bit hectic, but I still wanted to get something out. The next chapter will be extra long to make up for it.
"Okay...um, I'll see what I can do. Is there anything else you needed from me, Mr. Osb-um, Norman," Peter said.
Tony clenched his fists. If the dragon had hurt Steve...there would be hell to pay. Tony didn't dare think of the possibility that Steve could already be dead. He couldn't afford to think like that right now. The thought of Steve being dead caused a lump to form in his throat. He didn't know what he'd do if he lost Steve. Or what he would do if he lost anyone on the team. He had only known them for a month, but it felt like much longer. In a way, they had become a dysfunctional family. Speaking of, there was still no sign of the other Avengers. Tony wasn't too excited about the probability of facing the dragon alone, but neither he nor Steve had the luxury of waiting for back up.
Sam struggled to his feet, wiping the blood from his lips with the back of his hand, "don't you dare get on that jet!"
"That was badass," Peter smiled. Happy didn't smile back, but he did give Peter a friendly clap on the back.
"Is that even possible?!" Rhodey gasped. His own armor was back on the quinjet.
"Tones, we didn't find out until a few hours before you escaped. Bruce was the one who found out, but he Hulked out before he could tell anyone." Bucky stepped forward. "If we had known, we would've come for you. Please believe me when I say that we wouldn't have let you suffer another second in that hell hole, had we known sooner." Iron Man slowly turned to look at Bucky. Bucky was still his best friend, and he wanted to believe him. Bucky took the last step separating the two and pulled Iron Man into his arms. Tony didn't put up a fight. "I'm so sorry, we did everything we could."
Tony's mind screamed at him. He was in panic mode. Complete and utter panic. What was he supposed to do? Where was he supposed to go? He blasted his way through another wall, ignoring the screams of the people on the other side. Agents were hard on his heels, unloading round after round of bullets. Normal bullets did little against the armor, and Tony continued to surge forward. The look Steve had given him made his heart twist. Made it hard to breathe. Steve thought he was a murderer now. The whole team did. The people who he considered family were after his head now. They were going to strip him of his armor, and then they would hate him even more than they already did. Everything was crumbling and Tony didn't know what to do. He broke through the ceiling, flying up onto the top deck of the Hellicarrier. Rain splattered against him. The alarms were still blaring.
