John stared at me, a mixture of incredulity and disappointment warring on his expressive face. “It cannot possibly be helpful to your brain in any way for the long term. I find it difficult to reconcile your genius mind with the stupidity of taking drugs like they’re vitamins.”
“It hit me again. I’ve been back with you for a few months now and I’ve loved every bit of it. I realized I wasn’t annoyed by you showing off or your inappropriate excitement at crime scenes because I know you do actually care. Or your rudeness. Hell, people deserve it most of the time. I looked at you, and you had taken off the Belstaff and bent over the corpse. I stared at your arse, and my brain went still and my body went stiff, well, one part to be overly detailed about it. I knew that lust had taken over in that moment.” John giggled, “I was able to keep it at bay for years, and then you just had to take off your coat.”
The feel of Sherlock’s long fingers and the underside of his gorgeous arrow-straight cock against his own was life-changing. Deep, wet kisses and the taste of Sherlock was intoxicating. He knew he was addicted for life and could never be changed. The thought brought John closer to impending orgasm.
Sherlock bobbed down once, taking John fully into his mouth, then hollowed his cheeks and cradled his cock with his tongue as he pulled up and off. Sherlock grinned smugly.
I thought about following him. It would have been interesting to observe him on a date. Interesting to find out what the woman he fancied was like. I could predict she’d be short, curvy, had a good sense of humor and a tolerance for snark. Following him was not part of the plan, plus I was hesitant to break his trust in that way. Over three nicotine patches, I resigned myself to recalculate my chances of a romantic relationship with John.
John looked at the bruised skin under Sherlock’s eyes, listened to his shallow breaths, and asked, “Sweetheart? Can you tell me what happened?”
Before I met Sherlock, I did not properly appreciate a quiet afternoon. He's so full of energy, it's hard to get him to relax. But every once in awhile, he goes quiet and pliant and, believe me, he's sweet. Those are the afternoons I appreciate the most.
They talked easily over dumplings and lo mein noodles. John watched Sherlock eat and made sure he filled their wine glasses sparingly. He wanted them both to be relaxed but mostly sober.
John was sitting in his chair, head facing away from Sherlock. He was reading BBC news on his laptop and was seemingly unaware of Sherlock padding towards him. As Sherlock got close, however, he could see John’s lips pursed ever so slightly, and his eyes focused not on the laptop screen, but to the side of the room from which Sherlock was approaching.
Whatever it was, Sherlock wanted to protect it, protect John, and ride this out for as long as John could stand it. Could stand him. He hoped it was a long time. His brain offered the word
Victor was staring at his own hands. He put them on Sherlock’s face and pet him. “Holmes, are you all right? Can I see your wrists?” He turned his back and Victor slowly circled each wrist in his hands. “We need to convince them to cut these off. You’ll go crazy.”
Would he say those things? In the real world would he look at me that way? Like I was something to devour? To own?
John surged forward and wrapped Sherlock tightly into his arms, kissing him fiercely for a long moment. Until the cabbie tapped the brakes strong enough for them to almost lose their balance. John turned, pulled himself upright, and looked at the cabbie in the mirror. The cabbie looked straight ahead as if nothing had happened. John scowled at him, then looked at Sherlock, who was smirking.
His head, wrists, stomach, legs, neck, arms, everything hurt. He let out a soft moan as he lowered himself back onto the floor. There was nothing to do but wait.
“John. Honestly,” Sherlock said disgustedly, punctuating the sentiment with a long, dramatic eye roll. “This is Mrs. Hudson, my landlady. Did you really think I’d still live with my mother?” He couldn’t help but huff and roll his eyes again. He nearly shivered at the thought of it. His mother was lovely, but he liked having the hundreds of kilometers in between them.
Fifteen minutes later, John took off his dressing gown. He threw it across the room, proclaiming, “Hot!”
“How did you find out about this?” Greg immediately regretted asking. He really didn't want to know if he was being surveilled by the man who broke his heart.
They smiled and kissed some more before Sherlock suddenly pulled back. Victor didn't notice the look of mischief that flashed across Sherlock's face right before he took his hands and smeared his semen all over Victor’s chest and neck.
John couldn’t understand why Sherlock knew a homicide detective nor why he appeared to be embarrassed by it.
Sherlock whispered into the other ear, “I'm going to fuck you now.” John spread his legs wider and hummed.
John looked at the bruised face of Sherlock’s oldest friend and took a step back to create a little distance between them. Sherlock looked back at John. His brows pinched slightly and he jutted his chin up a bit. He reached for John’s hand and intertwined their fingers. To John, it felt possessive. As he squeezed Sherlock’s hand, his face relaxed into quiet understanding and gratitude. John smiled softly at him.
“Yes,” he agreed, and pushed Sherlock down to sitting. John kept one hand on Sherlock’s face and adjusted his erection in his trousers with the other.
He and John were in Los Angeles for a case that turned out surprisingly interesting. Murder, money laundering, and prostitution involving some of the town’s most famous residents. The paparazzi was relentless with every aspect of the case, including a new obsession with a certain British duo. It seemed they couldn't get enough of the short, blonde, fierce one smirking at the scathing, curly-haired, showy one. They'd been photographed snogging in the back of the limo on their first day on the scene. That gained them a nickname in the papers and on blogs. Johnlock. Sherlock actually liked it. John didn’t give a shit.
Sherlock’s frown deepened. John was not in his right mind. Sherlock had a pang of guilt but dismissed it the way all cold-hearted, sociopathic scientists would. Data was to be gathered, lives may be saved with the knowledge of this drug. This justification might have sounded more convincing to his own ears if he wasn’t currently and actively moving his hips away from John in the hopes that his flatmate wouldn’t feel something he’d been regularly hiding for the full two years of their acquaintance.
For the second time that day, Sherlock gave up. John unwound his arms from around his shoulders and stepped back a bit. He let him fall to his side, adjust his aching arm, and covered him with the duvet, despite the fact he was still in his trousers and shirt.
Sherlock groaned and tried to reach for Victor. His hands still bound could only grasp at the air. Ketamine, he thought, must be the addition to the cocaine. He hadn’t ever done them together but had dabbled with K and Molly. There was something else too, maybe GHB. Thankfully he was coming down a bit and turned to Victor.
“John,” he chided, hoping he was using his most haughty tone, as if John should know better, “when I said I
John pulled Sherlock’s neck so their lips touched. John slowly, deliberately, caressed their lips together. It was soft and agonizingly sweet. John’s heart beat faster and he dared to taste Sherlock’s upper lip. Sherlock parted his lips with a soft moan and deepened the kiss by licking back into John’s mouth. Sherlock reached up and cradled John’s head in his oversized hands.
He giggled over words in their books that Sherlock didn’t understand. Well, he understood the words, but he had no idea what was so funny. He’d smile at Victor because it made him smile back. Not many people smiled at Sherlock.
His neck snapped back and he frowned at me. “Yes, well. Good thing you’re above all that then.” He stood, grabbed his jacket at the door, and left, calling after him, “I need some air.”
“I usually don’t, of course,” she said breezily, dropping her bag and pulling out an envelope. “But you’re special, aren’t you, Sherlock?” Her large dark green eyes hard set, staring directly at him.
John nodded to the paramedics, then over to where Lestrade stood talking with a couple of agents. “Let me check with them.”
Sherlock searched John’s face and saw that he looked less sad. He even saw the beginnings of a shy smile. He leaned down and kissed John, filling the kiss with desire, love, passion, lust everything he felt for his sometimes befuddled one-and-only love.
They watched as Mary and Graham exited the sleek black car and entered through an open garage door. He said something and she threw her head back and laughed. John thought they looked awfully relaxed for people who had just discovered that one of their victims was wearing a wire. John positively seethed with hatred for her. For them.
Light filters in through the windows and Sherlock knows it is mid-morning. He knows that it is close to 11 am. If he listened close enough to the sounds of the street – the bus, the delivery truck at the grocer next to Speedy’s – he would deduce the time down to the minute. But he’s distracted. He can’t concentrate on that right now. He’s finally got John in his bed. It’s been so many years and last night, well, last night they finally closed the very small physical gap (personal space was almost non-existent at that point) between them, and in fact, they merged into something that was quite the opposite of a gap.
He knew what it was. He recognized the colors in the background. Black, dark black, with yellow sunlight highlighting dark curls. From their first photo shoot together. He wondered why John had it. He wondered if it was a forgotten proof stuffed into the side pocket of his work bag. He pretended he wasn’t staring at it from his bedroom doorway.
Sherlock woke up and froze. He was confused for a moment because he was too warm and felt a bit sticky. He stilled, not wanting to make any flopping moves or strange stretching noises to awaken John. Slowly, he opened his eyes. There he was. John. His John. He’d always been his John, but now it was realized in all of the ways Sherlock had wanted.
Sherlock was completely exposed, at John’s mercy. John held his thighs firm as his tongue probed and licked his sensitive flesh. He looked at his cock, pointing down at him. He wasn’t sure he’d ever been that hard. He felt John’s hands slide down to his arse and relaxed his hold, allowing Sherlock’s spine to relax. John lifted his lips from Sherlock’s body. They watched each other as John sucked on two of his fingers. He shivered in anticipation.
John stood up and placed his hands on Sherlock’s jaw. He looked up at him with watery eyes. John smiled and said, “All right?”
Before I met Sherlock, I had never made love. I didn't know the deep, beautiful, soul-cleansing power of two bodies coming together.
Sherlock curled up to snuggle down deeper into John’s lap. They sat there, breathing each other’s air, in John’s chair, on a Wednesday in September, feeling endlessly grateful.
Mary was extremely secretive about her work and John started to suspect that other factors were at play. She had two mobiles that she thought he didn’t know about. She worked long hours and travelled more and more frequently. John knew she was slipping away. Desperate, he tried to talk to her about their growing distance. She assured him everything was fine and that she was trying to focus on her career so she could someday start an agency of her own.
“No, but you’re a model. A damned fine, up-and-coming model with a different agency in a different country. She’s probably chomping at the bit to get at you.” John’s eyes went wide when he realized the implications of what he just said. He stuttered, “Uh...sorry...I didn’t mean it that way.”
The way Sherlock said Victor’s name told John all that he needed to know about Sherlock's love for the man. Disappointment and jealousy flared in his chest. He chastised himself for it, he had no right to feel those things about this young man.
Sherlock sighed dramatically. “John, I presume you’ve met my brother.” They nodded at each other. Mycroft looked over and said “Hello, Victor.”
Was a text to me at 4:23 AM indicative of a quick sex date or was the woman snoozing away in his bed while he was on his phone? I thought that would be a bit rude for the woman, however, I’d observed his impoliteness and seen through his 'regular bloke' bit right away. Perhaps she was a sound sleeper.
Despite being clearly and unpleasantly surprised, he was able to comply. McGregor quickly holstered his weapon and raised his hands in front of him. Greg and John did the same.
Sherlock’s favorite though, was when he slowed a bit then rocked back and forth, undulating his hips. He was truly riding him, bucking to and fro. They both moaned the loudest when Sherlock moved backwards and John's cock dragged along his prostate.
Sherlock smiled back. He reached up to John’s biceps and pulled him down on top of him. He grabbed John’s head in his large hands, guiding him down for another kiss. The kiss was every bit as passionate as the last. Sherlock’s tongue probed in and out of his mouth. His own tried to keep up. John bit and sucked on Sherlock’s gorgeous full lips as often as he could manage. Their hands roamed everywhere until Sherlock found his arse. Sherlock’s legs were spread wide and he’d maneuvered John between them, grinding their erections together once more. John realized, yet again, that he was close. He should have known Sherlock would be impatient, even in this.
John deflated. He didn’t seem angry anymore, “You idiot. I was deflecting. In denial. I was a stupid, stupid man. It’s one thing for me to be an idiot, but you. You must be blind, love.” John smiled around the endearment and Sherlock decided to smile back, shocked into silence by that word.
Sherlock looked up at John. His eyes were watery, his lip quivered and he looked absolutely terrified.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow and smirked but John wasn’t looking at him, he was looking for more shells in the sand. He closed his eyes and let his mind wander. He heard gentle scraping of John’s feet in the sand, the loud roar of small waves, the occasional sound of John’s camera. He felt small and large shells, smooth and cool to the touch, being placed on his skin. As John moved around him, the air cooled whenever he blocked the sunlight and warmed again when he moved away. Floating on a Florida beach, he let himself be bejeweled with the natural cast-offs of the local fauna.
Sherlock kept rolling his fingers up and down and around the soft shaft. He loved the heft of it. The flesh was completely flaccid but had weight, a dense strength and Sherlock couldn’t keep his hands away. His gaze remained fixed on John’s cock as he rubbed and fondled every intimate inch.
John clicked as fast as he could trying to keep up with each microexpression. He didn't want to miss anything.
Sherlock smiled, released John’s wrists, and rested his hand, almost protectively, on the crown of John’s head. “I’ve loved you for years. I think I loved you as soon as I laid eyes on you.”
But when he returned John had gotten engaged and ultimately married, to someone Not Sherlock. He had tried, he tried to like her, to help them be happy. All he wanted was for John to be happy. He
In the morning, I re-entered 221B with a renewed purpose. I would deny and depress my transport. I would rely on my sociopathic tendencies. A balance must be struck between cold detachment and providing excitement. If he found me barely tolerable, he would stay.
It’s only a few weeks after they’ve moved in together. They head to Angelo’s after solving another satisfying case. John teases Sherlock gently about the suspect. It’s incredible the way he incriminated himself, and the clever way Sherlock made the man actually feel good about confessing. John knows that it is Sherlock’s kindness that made him do it that way. Sherlock must think he’s hiding it pretty well, but he lets some of his heart show now and then. John is always looking for it.
His genius had only gotten him so far. People were on the verge of telling him to piss off permanently before he’d met John. Lestrade only put up with him because his tiny little brain couldn’t solve even the simplest case, and with a support team that included Anderson, how could he? Molly put up with him because she wanted to date him or fuck him. He never could understand that. As if it would ever, ever happen with her. He respected Molly but he would never, could never. He was only ever attracted to one person in his entire life. He wanted John from the moment they met, and wanted him all of the time now that he was finally allowed to touch. He felt it like an itch under his skin and a quiver in his groin that could be tamed temporarily if necessary, but would always return. It had been years, and he wasn’t bored, and hadn’t found John any less attractive. In fact, he felt more possessive and more needy than ever.
They part, but they can’t help it, their faces stay close. They stay that way for several moments, catching their breath, trading silly grins, both licking their lips as if the taste of their kiss is already an addiction.
A very petite woman with beautifully pale skin and naturally jet black hair walked into the small room behind Graham. “This is Akari, the photographer.” She wore a long white t-shirt over black leggings and shiny yellow pumps with outrageously high heels.
This was not Afghanistan. This was New York City. It was oddly refreshing. New Yorkers tended to be direct, creative, judgemental, and dressed all in black. He fit right in with these brusque people, though few would know it.
“Love,” he started. But Sherlock let out a gasping sob at the endearment. John stopped and squeezed him harder.
“It’s in Atlanta and you have to be there tomorrow at noon. Location and crew are set and RDJ is coming at four and you have thirty minutes to get the shot.”
Sherlock got up and started to play another tune. John smiled this time, a genuinely amused, open smile. “How do you even know that song?”
At John’s wedding he was so jealous. He was so obviously manipulated and teased by A.G.R.A. She loved to watch him squirm. Even at the time, he understood what she was doing and how much she enthusiastically enjoyed hurting him. Unfortunately, that knowledge didn’t stop the pain. He felt jealous, left out, and utterly confused.
Sherlock nodded. John took a last sip of tea and walked into the kitchen to place his cup on the counter. “I really do like your place.” He looked contrite, a bit expectant.
John took his hand, kissed it, and said “You’re gorgeous when you pout, especially with that lip gloss.”
John blew out a sharp breath and turned, enraged and his patience gone. “All right. Fine. I’m going upstairs.”
Sherlock’s hands froze on the keyboard as he gave John a side-eyed glance. John sat in his chair wearing plaid boxers and a dark green t-shirt. Sherlock had seen this before, although it was rare enough that he turned in the kitchen chair to ask, “All right?”
John on the shore gazed at him, camera clutched tightly against his chest. He took a few steps into the water, making sure the camera was high and out of the water’s reach. He started shooting. Sherlock made sure his back had been turned to him the whole time. John was getting a fantastic view of his arse. Sometimes he turned his face to look at John and pose.
John looked down and seemed to notice Sherlock’s laced-up shoes. He put his hand to the center of Sherlock’s chest and moved down his body, hovering his face over the bulge in his jeans. John lowered his face to the hard ridge and placed an open-mouthed kiss over the head. Sherlock gasped and just barely succeeded in not shoving his crotch into John’s face. John lowered both hands to his hips and held him down as he trailed tiny kisses up and down his erection. Sherlock moaned, not believing the strength of sensation and eroticism he felt with this surprisingly obscene gesture.
Out of habit, trying to maintain some thread of who he thought he was, Sherlock rolled his eyes at the endearment.
“Some people really enjoy these,” said the flirtatious, mustachioed salesman, leaning into Sherlock's personal space.
It was extremely inconvenient when they had a case. They needed lights, wifi, charged phones, and the electric kettle.
He texted and called a hundred times and she never answered him. Three days later the divorce petition arrived. None of their friends would talk to him. Mary got to them first. He wondered sadly what she told them. He didn’t know how to reach her. Her office wouldn’t let him in, wouldn’t tell him where she was, or where she was staying. He was completely helpless, hopeless, and so confused. He stayed in bed for days, sleeping as much as his body and brain wanted.
He grabbed a few chili-free biscuit rolls and a tin of black tea and headed to the front to pay. He paid for the gifts and a non-flirtatious, yet beautiful, young woman wrapped everything up in lovely blue paper. She handed him his shopping bag. He said a quick word of thanks, and turned to leave.
“John!” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s laptop and placing it on the side table. John didn’t have a second to respond before Sherlock leapt into his lap, spreading his legs wide to straddle his hips.
He knew it was the circumstance, the hormones, the spectacular orgasm, but he couldn’t help himself. After a few long moments of gathering their breaths back to normal, through light kisses and strokes to the thick base of his thumb, he said it.
It took John a full minute to recover from the shock, the helplessness. When he overcame his paralysis, he whirled around to look at Greg who was hanging up his call.
Sherlock closed the distance between them. John’s reaction to his personal space invader was to drop his arms and lift his chin. Sherlock leaned over and kissed his earlobe. John let out a small sigh that encouraged him to say, “My plans for the rest of today include observing that big cock of yours go from soft to hard.”
John reached up and they held each other’s faces just staring into each other’s eyes. It was incredibly intimate and sentimental and everything he’d avoided all of his life. He stared back at John’s beautifully soft expression and thought he might have found someone who could love him.
John sat very still. He did not retreat or lower his eyes. He looked steadily at Sherlock and said, “You should know something about me, I do not respond well to shouting. And I am not judging you.”
Horrified, I realized that John had brought his date back to our home. The distinct smack and light moan was unmistakable sounds of John and his date snogging in the hallway. I sat bolt upright and had to hold my head in my hands to quell a bout of vertigo. Perhaps only two patches next time. Regardless, I did not want to be in the room when John came up.
John had been back at Baker street for three months (two days, six hours, 31 minutes, but that really was beside the point) and last night he had done the bravest thing Sherlock had ever witnessed him do.
John and Greg were surprised at the number of people, cars, and guns outside. It had been very quiet when they’d gone around back with everyone hiding. Now, Greg’s officers plus about twenty more agents were standing around. They still didn’t know what agency they were from, but they were well armed and highly organized. They even had a helicopter, which John noted was idly sitting on the adjacent roof with lights on. He looked around hoping to spot tall, thin, and dark curly hair.
Sherlock turned in John’s arms and rested his head on the pillow facing John. John hadn’t opened his eyes but he was smiling a self-satisfied little grin.
Sherlock lifted a pair of socks, sloppily folded purple and green argyle, between thumb and  forefinger, pinky up, eyebrows crinkled in disdain.
Mrs. Hudson’s brow furrowed but slowly reached for John’s outstretched hand. She opened her mouth to speak, but Sherlock beat her to it.
It really was a bit like a pirouette on the dance floor. Maybe he could do a double. Sherlock lost himself in the challenge of staying upright and avoiding dizziness. About a quarter of an hour later, his mind wandered to John, as it often did. He wondered if he could get John to go dancing with him sometime. Or maybe he could just bring John out here right now and spin him around a bit. He would probably giggle and flail and he could steady him with his arms around his waist.
The sound of a door slamming had them all turning their heads at the same time. People in black helmets and bullet-proof vests sporting large assault-style rifles filed calmly down the hallway towards them. The first agent saw McGregor and stopped. “Oi, lower your weapon.”
, and it’s very rare for London, hence all of the twitchers in the park”, he pointed to a group of birders with field glasses trained on a nearby tree. “It’s a woodpecker but it doesn’t drum, interesting creature.”
He glanced at John, possibly expecting admonishment for his dismissal. John looked irritated, but not at him.
As calmly as I could make my voice, I said, “I’ve been clean for almost a year. I apologize that I didn’t mention it when I proposed we should live together. I understand if our new living situation is now in jeopardy. You must, of course, do what you think is right.” I dreaded looking back into his eyes but I knew I had to.
As they entered the cottage, Sherlock dropped his clothes on the floor. “Shower?” He looked at John whose eyes were enormous and dark.
Sherlock stood up, walked over to John and grabbed him with both hands, pulling him into a tight embrace. He breathed in the scent of John just behind his ear, at his hairline. Sherlock inhaled and exhaled with a huff, tilting his head so he could press his lips to John’s earlobe. He was so warm, his ears so soft. Sherlock couldn’t help the tiny movements of his head trying to get his mouth and nose closer to John’s skin.
Seb had the look of a banker, but the crick in his nose told the story of someone who was not unfamiliar with hand-to-hand combat. “Ms. Morstan, I’m looking forward to working with you too.”
I lingered in the warm water thinking again of John. My belly pulled taut and I felt a stirring in my cock, the unfamiliar pull of desire taking me by surprise, especially so soon after my recent completion. I scrubbed the cloth over my face. I could feel the heat of my skin blushing at the thought of John’s small, sturdy hands on me. It was so unlike me to feel this way, I almost laughed at the absurdity.
John crossed his arms and pulled his lips into a detached smile, a dangerous smile. “Hello, Mary.” She blinked at him. As the agents walked her by him, he growled, “I don’t need to tell you why I’m here. But I’m glad I am so I can see them walk you out in cuffs.”
“You're graceful, amazing, brilliant. You're stunning, unique, and the most beautiful man - no, the most beautiful thing, of all the beautiful things I've ever seen…” John trailed off. He stood still and looked at Sherlock with the most heart-breakingly sad eyes. “I can't do this.”
Sherlock thrust his interested-yet-sated cock against John’s belly, quirked an eyebrow, and said, “More than a handful, John.”
They had kept each other in varying states of arousal until the sun was very low in the sky. “Want to watch the sunset,” John asked.
Greg ended up kissing Mycroft in this story because that's what my Tumblr friends (and me, secretly) wanted. I think it also works a little better - Sherlock can lose his shit that much more because of Mystrade. Thanks for reading! I am
John was very distracted, however, by what Sherlock was wearing. Or not wearing, as was the case. Sherlock wore an over-large black woolen cap, slouched over his ears like a California skateboarder, leaving just the ends of his curls to twist around the edges. He wore a sleeveless, cropped, mesh t-shirt, black leather Doc Marten boots, and even less explainable than the rest of his ‘outfit’, were bright orange industrial rubber gloves.
John turned to him and said quietly, “God help me, I do.” He smiled and Sherlock smiled back easily. The next words out of his mouth were totally unbidden and he could have kicked himself for saying them. “This is probably a terrible idea, love.”
What he had definitely not seen before was John, half-smiling, eyes half-lidded, pupils dilated staring back at him. It was a positively textbook sign of arousal. And it was directed at him.
Sherlock took his hand and led him back to bed. They climbed in and curled around each other. Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time he’d consciously shared a bed with anyone for sleep. Maybe he’d never done. But here was John, warm and small and perfectly suited for Sherlock to wrap his body around and settle down for sleep.
“I don’t understand,” Sherlock thought John was the perfect human being and couldn’t fathom his confession of insecurity.
Sherlock kissed back enthusiastically for a moment, then pulled away. John watched him turn and walk away, thanking the universe that he was going to get to see (
Mycroft had the decency to look slightly contrite. “As soon as this operation involved my brother, I had to intervene.” John wondered who he was talking about.
He seemed pleased and I swore there was a hint of blush coloring his ears as he turned without a word or a look back and left 221b for an unknown destination.
John found himself down an internet rabbit hole. It started with a story on the BBC news website about one woman’s struggle with the birth control pill. Soon he found himself thoroughly entrenched in articles about menopause. A thought popped into his head,
“Sherlock,” he said sternly, “you haven’t done anything wrong.” He flung Sherlock’s hands away, pushed him back by his shoulders, and stood up away from where Sherlock had landed on his bum on the floor in front of his own chair.
Sherlock was silent. He found it difficult to look at Lestrade. His grey pallor matched his grey hair as he hunched in the small chair next to his brother’s bed. Although he’d been completely shocked that his colleague and friend could love his brother, he couldn’t help but feel for Lestrade. Despite his best efforts, he had empathy. If John was in that bed, Sherlock would be devastated.
John raised his eyebrows. “No, you don’t.” John looked at the officer who was looking back at him dubiously. John tried to remember if he’d ever shot this young drama queen. He couldn’t recall. The bloke didn’t seem familiar at all.
There had been an attempted murder in Bristol. The DI there, Hayes, had called Dimmock for help, God knows why. Dimmock is a total disaster, according to Sherlock, and I’ve also seen it first hand. Dimmock called Lestrade, then Lestrade called Sherlock for consultation. I had two shifts at the clinic that I just couldn’t get out of so Sherlock had to go to Bristol on his own. He wasn’t too happy about that, but he wouldn’t have been that happy to go with me either. Bristol isn’t London. And balloon festivals were not somewhere you would find Sherlock Holmes. Without a murder, that is.
“I'm pleased to see you too.” He cleared his throat and looked down at his shoes. When they looked back at each other, Greg saw the look on Mycroft’s face and inhaled sharply. He looked nervous and a bit sad, but also hopeful.
“Dear, I know you don’t have a lot of experience with this but I think everything will be just fine. What have the last few days been like with Dr. Watson? He seems to be a bit obsessed with you already. He asked me what you liked to eat and how you took your tea. He talks about you like you are already a pair. Asked about the laundry. Nevermind about that. My point is he seemed to already be very invested in your friendship.” She added, “Partnership.”
The vehicle stopped, the car door opened, and a very large man tugged sharply on his curls. He stopped himself from crying out at the very last second. The man pulled him out of the car and stood him upright. He walked him quickly into an office door. Through his watery eyes, he could see it was a regular office with desks and windows and doors.
Sherlock smirked and swirled his tongue lightly around the head of Victor’s cock slowly, very wetly. With Victor’s cock resting on his bottom lip, he said, “Tell me about the blonde.”
Sherlock didn’t appreciate his rudeness, and decided to ignore him. Now would be a good time begin the experiment with the skin grafts. He would make sure to set up in full view of his grumpy mate, just to annoy him. If he was lucky, John would sigh audibly.
John reaches across the table and brings their fingers together, just his fingertips gently brushing against Sherlock’s. Sherlock turns his hand over in clear invitation. His smile grows a little wider, and the blush on his cheeks spreads to his ears. John wants to eat him alive.
They stared at each other. Sherlock lightly ran his hands along John’s back and arms. John brushed Sherlock’s curls from his forehead. After a long moment, and to John’s utter surprise, he quickly rolled them over so he was on top of John. He took John’s face in his hands and quickly peppered kisses all over this face until John was giggling.
John scoffed, “Well, we can’t all be too tall, impossibly elegant, with impeccable balance and style.”
He made such desperate moans, groans, and tiny squeaks. Sherlock loved to tease and bring him right to the edge. Victor cursed and muttered every time he’d pull off. Sherlock looked at him and winked.
John used to hate watching this. That was before. Before Sherlock was his. And Sherlock was most definitely his now. No matter how much his true love vamped and seduced, John was the only one who knew what Sherlock looked like with a cock in his mouth. His cock, to be precise. He was the only one who knew the little sounds Sherlock made out of his nose when he rode John and got the angle just right. He was the only person who had ever made Sherlock come.
“I remember the first time you ever put your hands on me. You first touched me on my cheekbones, then my lips,” Sherlock whispered.
John maneuvered them into the shower, Sherlock with his back facing the tap and John facing him. Sherlock leaned his forehead onto his shoulder. John’s heart surged with affection and he couldn’t help placing small kisses on his temple.
“I hardly see how adding pepper to a biscuit would spice up anyone’s life,” he said, peering down his nose at Moustache. “Now what really adds excitement to one’s life is a good locked room murder where the victim has been found holding his own heart. That”, he sniffed, “adds excitement.”
GQ wanted John for his gritty journalistic style, but the shoot was to be of sophisticated clothing with Sherlock looking very slick. John needed to figure out how he could infuse his style into what was turning out to be a traditional fashion shoot.
Sherlock curled up on the couch with his back to the room, breathing heavily. He didn’t even want a pillow for his head. Such an idiot does not deserve a pillow.
He turned and went back to the kitchen table for his notebook. He’d check on John every thirty minutes until he seemed ready to wake. By the time that happened, he would think of a plan to get John to his own bed none the wiser.
The man lowered his chin further and flashed his eyes open wider for a split second. “Yes,” he drawled again as if Greg was being completely obtuse. John found ‘Mycroft’ to be more irritating by the minute. He knew Greg agreed with him by the huff of exasperation and the increasingly red color of his face.
John, sad but irritated, practically shouted, “You need better! You deserve a tall, muscled astrophysicist who plays poker and classical guitar. Who spends his free time discovering new species of flower to name after you - “
Sherlock raised his hands to John’s head and tugged him into a deep kiss. He tasted his own salt on John’s lips.
John reached down to stroke him. Sherlock writhed back and forth, rolling his hips, as John used his hand in quick, tight strokes.
Sherlock continued his slow rubbing, up and down John’s back from his arse to the nape of his neck. They were undulating against each other rubbing and squeezing and kissing. It was very heated, very quickly.
His eyes stayed on John even as the officers dragged him down the hallway towards the stairwell. It unnerved him. He couldn’t shake the feeling that the model might know him but he was sure he’d never seen the bloke in his life.
With a tall glass of water and several plain digestives, he returned to the bedroom. Sherlock sprawled on his back, sheet pushed down to his hips. He seemed to be sleeping soundly cradling John’s pillow. John flashed back to that night in New York, when the promise of kissing and sex seemed so imminent, only to find Sherlock asleep in his bed. His mind lingered on the disappointment and heartache of the weeks that followed Sherlock’s early morning exit. John was forever thankful that he’d gotten a second chance with the gorgeous man. Did that mean he was thankful to Mary for her devious ‘business’? He shuddered at the thought.
John frowned and stared at him with narrowed eyes. Sherlock looked away first, feeling slightly ashamed that John might know what he was going to do.
As much as they both detested talking about their feelings, as the days wore on, Sherlock feared that it would be the quickest way to get back to the delicious place that they had been a few days ago. What they had was so new, so exciting, so extremely satisfying. He wanted it back. Now.
Sherlock leaned his head against the glass and placed his knuckles to his lips. He remembered the kiss John gave him before saying, “Until later.” Sherlock just nodded and climbed into the cab. If he had said what he really wanted to...well, maybe there’d be time for that later.
Sherlock had loved John for so long. Fear tripped over his nerves whenever he thought of John in danger, or of losing John. He promised himself he would never leave and he would try, as hard as his brain would allow him, to do everything he could to make sure John didn’t leave him. John was everything and he knew he was doomed without him. He wanted to wake up just like this every morning for life.
Sherlock frowned and grimaced and snarled. He gave beautiful angry faces to the camera and did exactly as John had asked.
. Open mouth, Sherlock licked into it to wetly slip his tongue against John’s. John was passive, just along for the ride, letting Sherlock guide the position of his head, but Sherlock knew that wouldn’t last, so he took full advantage of trying to reach every centimeter of John’s tongue with his own.
“Yes. Fuck. So good.” Shivers of pleasure rippled over John’s skin. Sherlock was very talented with his mouth and he thought he knew where it was headed. Anticipation grew in his belly, making his cock twitch.
“Let us know if we can do anything,” she said as they drifted away. They probably knew Sherlock would not appreciate their attention as John tended to him.
“War photographer, hurt badly in a secret operation right after the Reuters journalists. You were shot in the…right?...I’m not sure...shoulder. You weren’t supposed to be where you were and you were going to get someone important to you in trouble. Getting shot was inconvenient like that. You were snuck out of the war zone. You left the country, rehabbed in London or the States, and reinvented yourself as an edgy fashion photographer.”
John learned about Sherlock’s interest in chemistry that began when he was only six years old. Only in Uni did he start to have recreation in mind rather than the chemical properties of gasses and metals and bases. John told him about his first camera.
John kissed him fiercely, directing Sherlock’s head into whatever position he liked. He pinned Sherlock up against the door again with his body. His hot tongue slid roughly along Sherlock’s. Soon after, John began to bite and suck at Sherlock’s top lip. Then his bottom lip, alternating between forceful sucks and determined bites. He knew his lips would be swollen.
John pushed Sherlock off of him and onto his back. He scrambled back to kneel in between Sherlock’s knees. Sherlock bent his knees and opened his legs wide.
He heard breaths heaving out of John’s wet nose and throat. Sherlock flung himself onto John’s old bed and wrapped himself tightly around John’s back, muscles engaged in strict tetanus. He was never going to let go until John’s tremors stopped.
Sherlock frowned and looked down at himself as if he hadn't paid attention to what he wore. “The Spanish designer. I deleted his name.”
When he finally had it fastened and tugged his sweatshirt over it, John looked up to meet his eyes. John shook his head and rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously. Sherlock smiled knowingly which made him blush.
They were closer than two platonic blokes should be. People of all stripes assumed they were lovers. John denied it, always. But Sherlock never did. The thought arose without his permission,
“I’m sorry. I must go. Finish your food, it’s taken care of.” I nodded to the manager and left as quickly as I could without running.
It was supposed to be an unexpected opportunity to relax for John, a rare free day. John had announced that he didn’t have work the next day and he was going to stay home and read, cook, and maybe take a walk in Regent’s park. All after a proper lie in. This was presented with a puffed out chest and an expression that was both serious and pleading. John looked forward to a day of relaxation and Sherlock was not to “fuck it up.”
Time stood still. He couldn’t hear or see anything. He was alone, in the dark, feeling his body jittery and tense.
Just before darkness creeped in, he saw two very large men dressed in casual summer clothing, shorts and linen button-downs, walk through the doorway, and Mary frowning down at him with a tacky faux-leather belt dangling impotently in her hand.
Just as the natural light started to dim and the artificial light from the street lamps popped on, they arrived at Sherlock’s flat on Baker Street. John’s eyebrows rose when Sherlock had told the cabbie his address but he didn’t say anything. They arrived just as Mrs. Hudson opened the shiny black front door.
“It would serve you right.” Sherlock walked up to him, standing directly in front of him. He leaned forward to place his lips on John’s ear. John shivered. Lowering his voice to the bottom of his register, he said, “You know perfectly well that you pull slowly at first, then just when it’s ready to pop, you go faster.”
Angelo brings menus and a candle. Neither mentions the candle. Angelo knows. It must be so obvious to everyone around them.
Sherlock bucked and moaned and sped up his movements. He writhed and thrust his lower body, all the while coordinating his mouth and hand to give John the most perfect blow job he’d ever had the good fortune to receive.
Sherlock’s teasing grin immediately slid off of his face. He stared at John’s face, which was currently sporting a huge shit-eating grin.
He climbed out of bed and grabbed his third best dressing gown, quickly scanning the room. John had been in his bed. He had slept there all night given the state of the pillow and sheets. He had left the room between 30 and 90 minutes prior, given the chilliness of the sheets. He hadn’t put his clothes back on. Was he naked somewhere in the flat? He would not be able to deduce it, he’d need to see for himself.
“Follow me, I’ll take you to him.” Out of seemingly nowhere another tall, beautiful woman came to stand behind the reception counter. This one paid them no mind and Sherlock followed the first one up the stairs.
I took a deep breath and opened my bedroom door to join John in the kitchen. As I suspected, the fry up was almost complete. Mushrooms, tomatoes, beans, bacon, toast, and a fried egg being deposited on top. Considering John’s Scottish heritage, I had considered he might add a blood pudding, but no. Pity that.
“No, I don’t know,” Sherlock was suddenly furious. “How would I know? How would I know that you could love a man in that way?” He knew he was giving away too much. He was too angry. In his bones he wanted to stop showing the truth, but his physical form just could not do it.
“I begged him to take me with him. I wanted to be with him. I wanted to help him. We had talked about these bad guys and what they’d done and what they were hiding. It was my mission too. So he reluctantly agreed and he took me with him. We traveled to a small village where the two bad guys were supposed to be for the night. The plan failed, someone had tipped them off. Instead we were attacked. I was not supposed to be there. I was shot. Four of his men died. He was discharged.”
Sherlock looked at John and smiled. John knew he wanted to show off, and John wanted him to show off so that they could get to the next part. The kissing.
John gently lifted Sherlock’s forearms away from him, effectively ending the hug. They stood and John turned in his arms to find Sherlock looking at him with sleepy eyes and a little smile.
His body jostled and swayed with the bumps on the highway, they were travelling at a high rate of speed. He blinked and blinked, trying to clear his vision. When his eyes were briefly open, he only saw blurry images of the back seat of a large luxury sedan. He was on the floor, hands still tied behind his back. Mercifully, his legs were unbound.
Sherlock knew that he’d been forgiven, but the argument was an old one. He got frustrated, and took it out on John. John had never threatened him, but he knew there was only so much that he could take before he would leave him. The thought of losing John sent a jolt of terror through his frame. He vowed right then to remember that feeling whenever he felt a black mood coming on.
Sherlock placed both hands on each side of John’s face and smacked a kiss to his lips. He whirled around, waving his arms in a huge sweeping gesture. “I did,” he exclaimed. “We’re here for a week. We can shoot every day or just do one hour, I don’t care. I’m just happy to be here in paradise with you.” He stood looking at John from across the room, looking every bit as young as he was.
“Ah, yes,” John smiled, “Doc Marten’s I bought in Edinburgh in 1992. It was a trip with some mates from Uni. We spent the weekend getting pissed. Acting like idiots. Trying to pull.”
The last time, he woke to find his hand in Sherlock’s hovering near those beautiful full lips. “Morning,” Sherlock said, voice deeper than usual from disuse. He turned John’s hand over and kissed his wrist with slow, long, dry kisses. His eyes were closed and John suspected he was taking his pulse with his mouth. He let him because nothing was more important than affirmation,
He needed to concentrate and be really clever, and very careful, just a bit longer. He was almost finished. If he could elude capture and kill before he was killed, this would be his last target.
Sherlock smiled at him, looked down at his fully hard cock, looked back at John and raised one perfect eyebrow.
John placed both of his hands over Sherlock’s face, unable to stop himself from tracing his thumb over his lips.
John looked at him from the red brocade chair, waiting for him to continue. He had to wait several long minutes.
John lifted his head up and looked at Sherlock with bright eyes and a dopey grin. “That felt…so - “ he seemed like he was trying to find the right word, “Good.”
Back home in London he could hide behind his non-threatening, eternally polite English persona. By creating a self-effacing, likable exterior, people didn’t realize that he had trained with the Israeli army and knew how to disable several threatening armed people, by himself, all at once. Or how to kill a person with one finger. Yes, one very well-placed, well-timed finger. John Watson may be a fashion photographer now, but he was still a deadly weapon in a cardigan.
When Sherlock was a few feet away, John could see the dark circles under his eyes. He could see the sallow tone in his skin. He still took John’s breath away. But he looked tired, and...blank.
John sucked bruises into his neck while he undid Sherlock’s flies. John pulled out Sherlock’s incredibly hard cock and started stroking it roughly and quickly. He gripped Sherlock’s hair tighter with the other hand. It was heaven.
Sherlock stood straighter, adjusting his jacket. He looked down at John who was still staring at the floor but still slightly shaking his head. His fists clenched and unclenched.
John pushed his pants down his legs and kicked them away. He stood before him, one meter between them. Sherlock’s eyes surveyed John's body slowly, more slowly than he expected given his preceding restlessness.
Sherlock lowered himself down and stretched out to lay on the sand next to John. John ran his hands up from his ankle to hip. Sherlock raised his eyebrows. John gently stroked between his legs. He bent his knees slightly to give John access to his bum. John’s fingertips teased his arse, up over his balls and along the semi-hard length of his cock. He hummed.
“Small room,” he said lowly but loud enough for Lestrade to hear, looking out the window, “Facing southwest. Third floor? I’m not sure, the staircases and hallways are rambling in this place. Two women working the front desk and I’m supposed to be meeting Graham here. There’s the open doorway I walked through and that’s it. No hidden room or closet or anything. Whatever they are going to do, they’re going to do it out in the open.”
A loud, high shriek caused them to part lips. Though they were startled, their hands remained on each other but they both turned towards the awful racket.
He moved his hand back to John’s hips and leaned down to kiss him. They kissed in the dim light of his bathroom for long, sweet minutes. He got lost and when John finally pulled away he was almost surprised they were still standing.
John hummed as his mouth hovered over Sherlock’s desperately hard cock. Involuntarily, Sherlock’s hips thrust up and the base of his cock hit John in the nose. John simply rubbed his nose up and down the shaft, inhaling deeply. “You smell so good, I want to keep you like this forever.”
He waited, feeling the cold fluid enter his veins and the needle exit his skin. In less than 30 seconds, euphoria and panic overwhelmed his brain. His body went rigid as he clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut. There was no thinking. There was only breathing and heart-beating and clutching at the cloth of his trousers and the carpet. He keened and cried out as wave after wave of energy flowed through him.
“You’re not,” he smirked. His face fell and his eyes went half-lidded. “Fuck, love, let me see you.”
. “Come on,” is what he said, half-aware of the room, of his body. He was almost entirely in his own head now, swirling with desire and want and animalistic need.
Sherlock had slapped the little membrane onto John’s neck while pretending to steer him away from the kettle and into his seat. “Yes, thank you for the tea, John. Wonderful surprise.” John rolled his eyes but went willingly.
Sherlock looked into his eyes and must have seen red-fire fury. He reached his hand out and placed it on John’s cheek. Quickly, trying to reassure, he said, “Nothing. Nothing, John. He just...said what he wanted to do. Showed me a knife. Leaned on me. I was unharmed. But I was high at the time and it was basically quite awful.”
“He was inconsolable. I didn’t know what to do. We parted ways in Milan but I promised I’d try to help him still. He went back to London. I did as much as I could from here, I tracked down and talked to anyone I could find who knew Noah. As you know, I booked the gig with you, then fucking fell asleep in your bed like a twat…” Sherlock grumbled. “After I...left, I felt terrible so I texted him.”
“Well, as you know, D.I. Lestrade, I prefer bigger,” the corners of Mycroft’s lips quirked up into a smirk. John coughed at the obvious innuendo. Lestrade’s blush deepened. “The bigger, the better, actually.”
John didn’t look away from the blonde woman as Sherlock watched for a full minute. Maybe he hadn’t heard his phone. Or maybe he was ignoring it because he didn’t want to be rude.
Sherlock looked down his body at John. They were each on their sides, curled around each other. From below, he could see that strong jaw and cleft chin. He could see John’s tongue licking up and down his shaft, sucking at his head.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s thin frame and squeezed their chests together. He looked up into the sky over Sherlock’s shoulder and let himself feel a tiny sliver of hope. He felt Sherlock lightly kiss right below his ear.
John’s vision went fuzzy. He couldn’t think straight for a minute. He didn’t recognize his surroundings or what was happening for a few seconds, but when he came to and realized that Sherlock still had his nose in John’s pubic hair rutting against his leg, he revived enough to haul Sherlock up into a sloppy kiss. He grabbed Sherlock’s erection and fisted it hard and fast, just the way he’d learned Sherlock loved it. He came five seconds later, spilling over John’s hip and cock, kissing John with swollen lips, still tasting of John’s orgasm. John thought it was the hottest thing that had ever happened in the history of hot things.
But there was no way forward for John. Sherlock was not interested in John like that. He couldn’t have been more clear on that point.
They watched as the black BMW rolled to a stop very near where they hoped to remain undetected. At the noise of the car entering the warehouse, Mary and Graham came out of the doorway and waited.
). Fingering could stay. Add lubricant. Once all of these tasks were completed, it was time for the main event.
“You...I had to watch that fucking arsehole McGregor...fucking McGregor…,” he stumbled over his words and shook his head, seemingly lost in his anger. He released Sherlock and spun him around, slamming his back against the door. He squeezed his shoulders, holding him in place.
John’s stomach flipped violently at the sound of Sherlock’s gorgeous, smooth voice. He hadn’t heard that voice for weeks and he felt it rumble from his gut, through his groin, and down to his toes.
John grinned back and felt like his life was taking a turn towards normality. He would get married, maybe they’d buy a house, have a few kids. He didn’t notice then that his heart was beating too fast for an entirely different reason than happiness.
Sherlock took a deep breath and composed himself. Never breaking eye contact with Mycroft, he said, “Lestrade, I do hope you will stand by my brother despite the likelihood of erectile disfunction.”
John spent the next few days talking with a stylist, hair and makeup, a location scout, Billy, and Mike about the shoot. The only person he hadn’t talked to was Sherlock.
Unsurprisingly, John nodded. “Yes, yes, yes,” he chanted between quick kisses to his lips. Sherlock shoved the lube in the general direction of John’s hand.
He ran his hands up John’s neck and stared at him for a long time. John’s eyes and lips were soft with affection. Sherlock leaned forward to capture his lips in a soft kiss.
Sherlock kept staring at John. He didn’t quite understand how John could feel this way about him, but he definitely felt this way about John. His chin quivered just a bit and he felt tears sting his eyes. He was going to cry again.
“Nothing. Just - ” he stared, eyes roaming up and down his body, “you’re clearly in the right profession.”
At first, he felt fine. His balance was excellent and he’d been on skates before, many times. It had been years, but it isn’t something you forget. He even sort of got into it.
“Champagne. Very nice.” John threw his suitcase on the bed and looked out at the view. The small cottage was made up of a small kitchenette in one corner, a big bed taking up most of the main room, and a tiny loo in the corner. The whole thing was hoisted up almost two stories on stilts and large windows from each four walls opened to full ocean views on one side and tropical trees on the other. There were no other houses nearby and it seemed like they were all alone in the world. Their own private paradise.
Sherlock smiled and squeezed his hand. “Quite right. Now,” he said, taking a deep breath, “we can’t do anything more tonight. Graham already texted, the appointment is at eleven tomorrow in Shoreditch. The only thing I don’t know is the address, but he said he’d send it along when the plan was final.”
After a successful day (Molly brought me two coffees!), I returned to the flat only to find that John had not returned. I wondered if this was a normal length of time for job-seeking for an army doctor with a hand tremor and a prickly attitude.
Sherlock felt like a bit of an idiot woofing in bed, but he was going to take it further because he couldn’t help it. He needed to show off for John.
With wide eyes, she said, “All right, please give me one minute.” She quickly left through a side door and another tall beautiful woman came out.
After only a few moments, John returned wearing black jeans, a checked button-up and brown lace-ups. He headed immediately to the toilet and shut the door. I could hear him brushing his teeth. He emerged smelling of cedar and bergamot.
“Trev. Trev.” He would have held his hands in front of him, but tied behind him they were limp. He would look like he was hiding something. Not very comforting for his frightened friend, he thought. He turned his body slowly but kept his eyes on Victor, trying to compose his face into a reassuring expression. “See? I can’t leave you. I wouldn’t anyway. We have to get out of here together.”
“And your eyes. People mistake them for brown, don’t they?” John looked surprised, then tipped his head once in a nod. “Well, they are that gorgeous dark blue you rarely find in nature, except air or water and only in the dead of night.” Sherlock bent down to kiss his lips gently.
He told Sherlock about Jack and what he was like. He told him about their conversation and their kiss. He told him that his disappearance was a catalyst for his and Mary’s breakup. He told him how she basically became a ghost to him and he’d reacted by taking work in some of the most dangerous places on earth.
Sherlock was used to auditions. He’d walked for agents, designers, PAs, and other models. He didn’t know if it was because she’d caught him off guard or because he was currently trying to assess her involvement in the disappearance of his oldest friend, but he felt off-balance and stiff.
John closed his eyes, tears streaming freely down his cheeks, said, “I love you. You are everything to me.” He opened his eyes and looked into his gorgeous friend’s shimmering ones. John grabbed his face in both hands roughly and pulled him down into a long, slow, wet, deliberate, meaningful kiss.
She was growing increasingly tense. Something was wrong. Her flirty banter turned into terse, one or two word replies. She shot a wary glance towards Graham when no one else was looking. This was not good. She either sensed that London’s finest were surrounding the building or she was somehow suspicious of Seb, Orkun, or Duncan.
This morning he emitted small groans and high-pitched mewling noises that seemed to both amuse and arouse John. He kept squeezing Sherlock to him with one hand on the back of his neck or between his shoulder blades, hand never leaving Sherlock’s cock. John’s erection was flattened by Sherlock grinding his arse cheeks down onto it. Sherlock’s hands alternated from roaming over John’s bare chest where his dressing gown had come open and pulling John’s hair.
A breath whooshed out of John, reassured that with one gesture Sherlock had put the evening right again.
John smiled and said, “Good morning to me.” He placed one warm hand around Sherlock’s demanding erection, and used the other hand to guide Sherlock’s head so he could kiss his resulting gasping moan.
He moved his head to the side so John had better access to his neck. John’s lips on him induced tingles and electric sparks across his skin. He placed both hands on John’s arse and pulled them together, as close as they could get. Their cocks were trapped between them, friction and John’s hand definitely enough to make him come. Which he was going to do. Right then.
“I can’t hear a bird,” John said, wondering if he was talking about a woman or an actual bird. Either way, he hadn’t heard anything.
Sherlock opens his lips and he licks into John’s mouth. John squeezes Sherlock’s neck and kisses him harder, deeper. Their tongues dance and tangle wetly and it is very, very slow. The kisses feel somehow sweet and tender, and at the same time, exciting and filthy. John tries to put all of his passion, his pure desire for Sherlock, into the kiss. John’s kisses try to say,
Also irritating was that Sherlock was completely clueless about the assumptions. He never denied it, but then again, he probably didn’t even know what people were talking about. He was oblivious to the fact that everyone who met them presumed they were together romantically.
“I’m an idiot. It’s too soon, I’m sorry. Forget I said that,” he said as he scrubbed his hands over his face. “We can talk about it later, or in a year...or never,” he rambled, feeling more miserable as he realized what he had done.
“Yes.” Why couldn’t I look away? I willed myself to look away but not before sweeping my eyes down the length of his body. I needed to end this torture somehow. I needed to tell him.
When he spoke, his voice was very low and gruff. It was almost a whisper, “Sherlock. Holmes. Stand. Up.”
“I’m going to fuck you until you can’t walk. Until you can’t speak. You’ll be ruined. Death by fucking.”
Later when they were buried in the quiet shelter of Sherlock’s bed, John cradled Sherlock against his chest, stroking up and down slowly. He finally had told his madman how he felt, and had heard similar declarations in return. If anything could be more perfect than cuddling with his gorgeous genius in sheets smelling of expensive shampoo, laundry soap, and sex, then he didn’t know what that might be.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock exclaimed, now exasperated. “You’re quite adamant about your ‘not gay’ speech in reaction to anyone’s inquiry about us.”
Sherlock moved one hand to the back of his head to press their lips more firmly together. John noticed that Sherlock had slightly bent his knees so that they were a similar height. The other hand moved down to cup John’s arse. With one squeeze of each hand, Sherlock pulled them closer. John could immediately feel Sherlock’s erection pressing into his as their hips aligned.
John moved his hands to grip Sherlock’s arse cheeks and said, “You’re going to be a handful aren’t you?”.
Sherlock retched and spit, squeezing his eyes shut against the stench. The man chuckled dangerously and rested the flat of the blade on Sherlock’s cheek. He moved his hips to nudge at Sherlock’s bum in a sickening threat.
He frowned again. Should he ask about how long they’d be apart? Would that look weak or needy? Is that the most important question?
John raised his eyebrows and mock-frowned. Sherlock shook his head. Why was his brother insisting on expressing sentiment. They never did that. Impatient with Mycroft and itching for some time alone with John, he said, “Yes, yes, thank you, brother.”
“These are ugly. There is a hole in one of them at the toe. And you don’t know how to fold socks.” He tossed them back in the drawer. John had seen him treat evidence such as shit-covered pants and algae-laden trainers with less revulsion.
She gave him a withering look as if she wasn’t fooled at all by his act. “Oh, you know,” she smiled.
Sherlock continued to lick up and down and around, adding suction around the corona every few swipes. John breath came faster but he never stopped watching Sherlock. Sherlock, elated by John’s reaction, decided that the time was now.
“No, I don’t think you can offer me what I need.” He didn’t quite sneer, but it was clear that he was not impressed with John’s politeness. John was not about to “offer him what he needed,” or what this young addict
Panic. An all-encompassing fear rocketed through his system. He needed every ounce of control to stay seated. He said very slowly, very quietly, “That does not sound like something I would agree to.”
“You’re a bastard,” Sherlock said and looked at him. He couldn’t help but smile, “A gorgeous, sexy bastard and apparently my libido has finally surfaced.”
He wanted to talk to him, wanted to hold him. He wanted to comfort him and tell him that he was right and good and that everything would be all right. With a black pit sinking from his heart deep into his stomach, he knew he would never see James again.
“You’re brilliant, an actual genius. I’ve already said this but you are strangely beautiful, stupidly graceful, and so fucking sexy.”
“Very well. Seb, as he was called for this operation, was one of mine. We apprehended a woman and a man, in possession of three hundred thousand pounds in cash, and two young men, one of them my brother.”
He moaned, trying to convey his desperation, his disorientation. John wrapped one arm around his waist and said, “All right? Breathe, love.”
Sherlock felt John’s hand squeeze further. It was beginning to hurt. He looked down to find him clenching his free fist. He placed his hand on John’s at his waist and said, “John.”
“Stop moving or I’ll knock you out,” the man threatened and put his huge hand over the back of Sherlock’s neck. As he felt the familiar sting of the needle, he couldn’t help the thrill of anticipation for the lightning quick zip of cocaine moving amongst his blood. Of course, he had deduced that it wouldn’t just be cocaine since Victor’s behaviour suggested more. Something terrifyingly extra.
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up and then down into a confused knitted wrinkle on the bridge of his nose. John wanted to press his thumb there to smooth it out.
Despite his confusion, Sherlock allowed himself to relax when John pushed up, sat on the bed next to him, and pulled him into an embrace.
Sherlock tried to move his arm to touch John’s cheek but all he could manage was a twitch of his fingers. He closed his eyes and tried to speak. He slurred, “Y’ve broken me.”
John’s eyes roamed over his face. Sherlock hoped he could read his mind. His gaze traveled to Sherlock’s bite-swollen lips and he licked his own sympathetically. Then he looked down as Sherlock removed his shirt, finally settling his eyes on Sherlock’s confined cock.
Immediately their tongues twisted and slid across each other. Sherlock wriggled and moaned wantonly. John made him feel needy and desperate. And he knew exactly what he was doing, how to touch Sherlock to tease out the most delicious pleasurable sensations all over his skin, from his nerve endings on his skin to a place deep within his center.
One of John’s arms was cradling his head, the other was unbuttoning Sherlock’s shirt. It had been a day and a night in the same clothes and he was happy for multiple reasons to be out of them. His shirt cuffs were undone, so John was able to open his shirt, lift him up to sitting, and peel it off of him easily, even over the short cast of his left wrist.
. Every 20 minutes like clockwork John handed him a small bland bite of something until he stopped complaining and started kissing John’s fingers with every offering.
John told the driver to pull over several blocks away from Agra. He held Sherlock’s hand even when paying the cabbie. They exited the car and stepped into a small alley.
“Well, in this instance, I’m glad you’re such a lazy git, because it’s so fucking hot.” John crawled back up onto Sherlock and slotted their bodies together, thigh to thigh, cock to cock, chest to chest, John’s mouth on Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard enough to leave a mark.
Sherlock groaned and thrust once more and then he was coming. His brain buzzed and although his eyes were half-open he couldn’t see a thing. Sweet, throbbing tension moved up his legs, through his balls, and pulsated through his stiff cock. He grunted, moaning through gritted teeth, riding out his blissful fluttering climax. He spilled between them, creating more slick, allowing John to thrust faster.
. His cheekbones jutted from his face, his lips were impossibly full and pink, and his eyes...what?...his eyes were too light for a man (
“I would like…,” he said tentatively. So tentatively, apparently, that John looked up at him. “...to talk. To you.”
Sherlock smirked at the last one, ran his hand over John’s bum, and stared at his groin. “I can see that.”
John sleepily pulled himself to sit between Sherlock’s spread legs. John couldn’t help but run gentle hands across Sherlock’s chest down across his hips and thighs to rest on his knees. John looked at his gorgeous love, a relaxed and sweet grin on his face.
The model cringed at John’s killer smile and deadpan delivery, but he repeated, “I know you.” His eyes were wide with recognition and slight panic.
He swept his eyes around the room. The flat was a studio so they could inspect all of the man’s possessions in 55 square metres. He came over to where John was still looking at the photographs. He placed his hand on one shoulder. John looked up at him and smiled weakly.
Greg could only answer one way. He placed both hands on the sides of Mycroft’s face and leaned in to touch their lips together. Their lips touched in a gentle kiss. With slight suction and a slow slide, Greg ran his tongue along Mycroft’s lower lip, their mouths immediately opening to deepen the kiss. Their tongues danced and teased as they began to breathe harder. Hands roamed over faces, necks, shoulders, mussing each other's hair. God, how Greg had missed this.
In that one moment, Sherlock let Mycroft know the he was loved, and that he hoped he and Greg would be very happy together.
Months later when they were barely hanging on, Mary casually mentioned that Jack was missing during a rare shared dinner at home. She’d been in Poland for the previous two weeks, or so she’d said. “Yeah, he finished his shoot and left with the photographer’s assistant. The photog said there was crazy chemistry between them.” She smirked, like she was just spreading a bit of gossip.
John just stared, wondering if this young model, clearly still high, understood just what he was saying.
This had happened once before, after he’d returned. He thought John had forgiven him on that explosive-laden train. But after a few days of quiet, John explained that sometimes the reality of Sherlock being back clashed painfully with his nightmares, which felt very real even over two years later. John tried to explain the maelstrom of feuding emotions. He ended up in Sherlock’s arms sobbing his apology. Sherlock hated that John was hurting and tried his best to be comforting. He didn't think it was his suicide that was responsible for John's current mood, but he couldn't be sure.
“Can we stop talking about this please? It’s wearing thin.” He pulled the newspaper up to obscure his face from me. Or my face from him.
Sherlock took pity on him and put his face where John wanted it. He slowed down his movements a bit. He didn’t want him going off just yet. Just a bit more and then…”Now!”
Sherlock turned and walked down the stairs into his own bedroom. He heard the floorboards creak and things being shuffled on the floor. John’s bag. Shoes off. Clothes off. Into bed. Headboard tapping gently at the wall once. Twice. Adjusting, and then silence.
Sherlock looked at him, scowled actually. He looked like he was trying to figure out a terrifically difficult puzzle. After a moment, his face relaxed, a smug expression took over his lovely features, and he crossed his arms.
“I needed to think about John and how to get along with him. How to make sure I don’t drive him away. It would be nice to have a…” I hesitated and finally settled on the word, “partner. We worked a case together last night and it was brilliant. He’s...brilliant.”
While Greg argued with the agents, John had moved a few steps away toward the sounds of the struggle they’d heard. He needed to know where Mary was. He needed to know that they’d caught her and Graham. He needed to know if she’d met a worse fate. Her scream had been desperate and full of pain.
“Fuck!” Victor’s whole body jerked. “He was so tight...ah!...it took ages until he could take three fingers.”
Sherlock exploded down John’s throat, coming in rapid pulses he felt echoed in his arse around John’s fingers. John held his throat open and fingers still as he writhed and moaned and pulled at John’s head.
I saw hurt and shame reflected back at me. I had to get out of there. I didn’t know what was happening to me. Why would this man evoke such emotion? I certainly had not authorized my transport to sputter, harden, and become feverish.
) with such dark curls. He never stopped moving, swishing his coat about, fingers fidgeting, rapidly blinking as he took in the space.
Greg clapped a strong hand on his shoulder and said, “We will.” He pulled out his phone again and began to gather information about locked doors, witness interviews, and potential leads on where a room full of people went so quickly with a 6-foot tall unconscious man in tow.
Hours later when the case was solved and it was dark again, they hung their coats downstairs and walked up the seventeen steps towards the lounge.
They were partners and friends. There was no way forward for Sherlock. He had accepted that, but he couldn’t stay inside Cross Keys to listen to one more of John’s denials. He went outside to interrogate the charlatan peddling monster stories.
John ran his hands over Sherlock’s hips, around underneath his bum, and down the backs of his thighs. In one quick movement, he raised Sherlock’s knees towards his own shoulders, lowered his mouth to his exposed arsehole, and licked, firm and hot.
John reached his other hand over to cradle Sherlock’s jaw. “Oh, love. Darling. Tell me.” The endearments seemed to make Sherlock weep more. John got up and awkwardly bent over to hug Sherlock’s head to his chest. Sherlock’s arms came up and clung to his back as he silently cried into his jumper. John said, “Shush, love. It’s okay. We’ll find him.” He repeated over and over, “We’ll find him. We’ll find him,” until Sherlock’s breath calmed and his grip on John relaxed.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself in a sort of self-hug. He looked down at the floor, and calmly said, “I don’t hate you, John. Quite the opposite, in fact.”
Mummy turned and walked back to the house, sure they had not noticed her. It made her heart swell that Sherlock had found someone who made him laugh, loved him for who he was, and finally brought him some peace.
John sat down with another long exhale. He glanced towards the counter and was quietly thrilled to see Sherlock’s ears and cheekbones were bright pink. He wasn’t the only one affected by this...them.
Sherlock heaved out a few breaths that he would later deny were sobs. He stayed there for a long while, leaning against the door cradling his broken arm.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and parroted John’s response back to him, “Yes, well. Did you know of situations like this?”
John had just set up the fill lights when the door flung open and a very young, very tall young man walked in. He was dressed in a worn, dirty t-shirt, jeans, black boots, and a beautifully tailored almost-black overcoat.
Sherlock startled and turned. John looked completely unsurprised that Sherlock was holding the photo.
Sherlock yelped at John’s sharp bite. John muttered, “Sorry, love,” but did not sound sorry at all. He pulled Sherlock’s curls to shift his head to the other side and went to work on the other side of his neck. “I can’t get enough of you.” He licked and sucked dark bruises into Sherlock’s skin.
Sherlock was still staring deeply into John’s eyes, but his lips had started to quiver and his eyes were stinging with unshed tears. He blinked, willing the tears to resorb into his eyes and not fall embarrassingly down his cheeks.
“I know, but I was thinking I should try to. Harry spent money on it and it’s just sitting here.” John brandished the Kindle in one hand, using his other to balance himself as he stood up from kneeling next to his bed.
Sherlock had rolled back towards John, grabbed his hand, opened his eyes, and smiled his laziest smile.
John thrust up into his fist and backed into Sherlock’s face and fingers for only a few seconds before he was coming. Bracing against the wall with one hand was not enough to stop his forehead from connecting with the tile as his orgasm made his whole body buck and sway. He felt Sherlock stop and press his fingers down slightly, tongue continuing its wet circling. He shuddered, his cock pulsed again and again, while his arse clenched around Sherlock’s fingers as his tongue slowly and almost sweetly licked him through the aftershocks.
“Ohhhhh...yes....” Sherlock stilled his hips and watched as he came over Victor’s stomach and chest. He watched his cock spurt quickly over and over. He rode out the pure pleasure of his orgasm, feeling the pulsing slow. He pumped a few more times, enjoying the feeling. Enjoying also his wet arse, warm with his own saliva and pressing on Victor’s now-soft penis.
It felt like home. The thought jolted him out of his dreamy domestic headspace. They didn’t live together. He lived in New York City. His flat had his photos, his favorite mug, his eight other cameras and twenty-two other lenses. He hadn’t booked a ticket back yet, but he’d have to go home eventually. He started to wonder about long-distance relationships. Did they work? He had rarely known anyone who did it for long. You either moved in together or moved on apart. Fear numbed his legs as he thought of spending weeks without Sherlock.
He let out a frustrated noise and gritted out, “You know already. Why do you insist on torturing me so?”
“I used to think about what this looked like,” John says very softly. He looks up into Sherlock’s eyes with a smirk and mischief in his eyes.
A man with a long nose, thinning dark hair, a three-piece suit, and an umbrella stood to the side, placidly surveying the activity.
“I want to start again, and treat you like you deserve, and exclusively. I want us to be exclusive.”
“Sherl -” he tried to say, but large hands to the back of his head made sure he could not lift his lips away to finish the second syllable.
“I know. I can see,” Sherlock said, smiling. Sherlock felt nothing more than brotherly exasperation as they sat down on the lawn.
Both would be nursing slight hangovers, John’s a bit worse than his. They needed tea. Sherlock kissed the top of John’s head and said lowly in his ear, “Case, John.”
While they kissed, their erections brushed together, teasing, not enough to cause pressure to build. But Sherlock was impatient and turned on and wanted to watch John come right here, right now in his chair. The chair that had seen John blogging and reading and drinking endless cups of tea. The chair that spent nearly two years empty was now going to be a witness to one of the most thrilling events of Sherlock’s life thus far.
Just as John shoved Sherlock clear of the door and onto the sidewalk, he turned to Greg and Mycroft with a wink and a thumbs up.
Sherlock walked in short paces back and forth across the lounge, ending each lap near John’s right arm.
Sherlock blinked. He knew the average length and girth of British male genitalia when flaccid and erect. He had measured his at some point and thought that he remembered he was somewhere around average.
Slowly Sherlock leaned back and while John was still mostly hard inside of him he said, “John Watson. I adore you” and tried kissing him but John’s smile was too wide.
“What are you….” He lifted the card to his nose and inhaled deeply. He pulled the paper away from his face but not quickly enough to stop the sharp sting to his nasal passages. He sank to his knees as she coldly watched. “J-…” he trailed off.
Sherlock had not gone back to sleep, but had kept his aching eyes closed and tried to breathe slowly. When the car pulled onto a smaller road, he struggled to sit up so he could see where he was. They were pulling into a business park, just as he had deduced, when the window screen went down and the driver sing-songed, “We’re here, darling.”
Sherlock looked up at him with an expression John had never seen. His eyes were dark and his lips were parted and wet. His brows were slightly pushed up in the middle, not quite a furrow, but enough to look like he was pleading for something. He looked devastating. Devastated.
“Three weeks without…stimulants” he said quietly, “and I can’t control my emotions.” He lifted his coffee cup and took a large gulp.
“Sher. Lock. Sherlock. Sherrrrrrlock. Sherlock Holmes. Holmes.” John continued staring while invoking his name over and over. “Holmes, Holmes, Holmes, home, home, home, home, home. My home.” He smiled, a small soft thing.
John picks up his wine glass and casually says, “How’s that going?” and took a sip. His tone was extremely nonchalant, as if he was just curious. Just wondering.
Sherlock sighed, sat down on the nearest bench and let John touch his arm. His touch was so gentle. He cradled his forearm with one had in his palm, like a handshake, and the other hand at his elbow. It hurt. His arm hurt, probably a broken wrist. But it also hurt to look at John’s concerned face. His touch was gentle as his eyebrows knit together, mouth tightly held in a frown.
John’s beer mug halted just short of his mouth. He watched Sherlock’s little display, letting his own slow, small smile grow on his lips.
John pulled away, his face was red as he looked down at the floor, as he tucked himself away first, then Sherlock.
) whenever he could get his attention. Which wasn’t very often. And when Greg started to ask if they could spend a bit more time together, Mycroft had balked and said they probably shouldn’t keep seeing each other. He was afraid Greg had become too attached. Greg was starting to fall in love, it was true. So he had gone along with it, they had parted on friendly terms. But Greg missed him, the big posh prat.
John looked at him but didn’t laugh at Sherlock’s lame joke. Sherlock’s face dropped and he rushed over to John. He knelt down and kissed John’s cheek, “Please, John, I’m sorry, I love you. I’m sorry.” Sherlock hugged him as tight as he could until John raised his arms and hugged him back.
, Sherlock thought. He’d seen John jealous before, when that completely ridiculous Bradstreet clapped her hands excitedly and kissed his cheeks after he’d helped her with a mind-numbingly boring case. Really, she was more idiotic than most of them. The evidence was right under her too-tiny, professionally sculpted nose. John had not seen the absurdity and futility of her actions, as apparently Detective Bradstreet is “bloody stacked” with a reputation for “getting a leg over with every warm body at Scotland bloody Yard.” Well, Sherlock didn’t know about all of that. He was not responsible for the behaviour of others, especially ‘fucking’ McGregor.
He looked up with eyebrows raised, his huge midnight blue eyes staring into mine. “All right. I see how it is.”
At that precise moment, Sherlock wrapped his hand around John's incredibly stiff cock and slowly, so slowly, pushed himself down on it.
No, seduction is all about trust and chemistry. It’s about trying to make the other person see how perfect you would be together. How you fit together, and have done since the day you met. How that person dominates your thoughts, your fantasies. It’s about assurances and flattery. It’s about hope, that someday he will see how close you’ve become, how invaluable you are to each other. It’s about entertaining him when he’s bored, or feeding him when he doesn’t realize he’s hungry, or softly quieting him when he's hurting and you’re bandaging up
“We should, somewhere.” Greg walked to the other table where information and photos of all of the Agra employees were stacked. He rifled through the stack, mumbling, “Nope, wrong Graham...um...okay, yes, here he is.” He pulled out a small photo and handed it to John.
They embraced, rocking slightly. Sherlock’s eyes were closed as John placed small kisses all over his cheek, ear, and neck, their breath coming back to normal.
John unpacked his equipment and propped everything up by a doorway. He heard Billy grunt in question as he took a key bundle from his jacket and opened a doorway leading to a small room. The room was filled with old equipment making it seem like an old control room for when the train went by there.
True to his word, John washed, rinsed, and dried them in record time. He wrapped Sherlock in a soft towel and led him to the bed.
Sherlock was fascinating. He was interesting, and interested in what John said. He asked the right questions, flirted shamelessly, and generally impressed the hell out of John. He was beautiful, brilliant, a bit on the young side. And he apparently wanted to shag John.
John felt like he was telling someone else’s story. He felt detached but his nerves sang with tension - no doubt the trauma manifesting itself in his body. The e-mail, the deaths, the non-closure. He would never see James again. He’d never get to tell him how much he had meant to him and how sorry he was. He felt his chest tighten and stinging in his eyes. He looked at Sherlock with water welling in his eyes and nose and said, “He got me out. He saved my life.” He steadied his voice, “Never saw him again. Just got a short goodbye email and that was it.” He took a deep breath, “I must have loved him for how much I grieved the loss of him.”
“I’m sorry. You watched me bring home women. I got married for christ’s sake. I didn’t know. I’m sorry. I should have known.”
Sherlock didn’t miss the insult in the statement. A “real man” wouldn’t drink something purple with an orchid in it. A “real man” drank whiskey, probably bourbon (On ice! As if!). Well, Sherlock hadn’t been self-conscious about his sexuality or his love for fruity drinks in a very long time. He did not accept insults from anyone, but especially not a limp-cocked bigot with a girlfriend that wouldn’t even look at him.
For the next few hours they drifted around the flat, in each other’s orbit, but not in each other’s pockets. Sherlock made tea and let his go cold while he was distracted with something in his room. John made more and handed him a fresh cup. Sherlock looked surprised and then pleased.
“I just mean. Well. Shit.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Nevermind. Forget I said anything. Let’s go.” He climbed into the car but Sherlock didn’t follow him. John raised his eyebrows and reached out his hand. Sherlock just stared at him, face shuttered and his shoulders slumped. “Please, just come with me.”
I woke, gasping and desperately hard, on my stomach, thrusting into the mattress. There was a sticky patch on my sleep trousers where I had almost experienced an unconscious nocturnal completion for the first time since adolescence. Turning over, I immediately palmed my erection and shuddered. My god, what had John Watson done to me?
John took one step closer. He saw Sherlock raising his hand, joined with Victor’s. Barely a sliver of Victor’s face was visible from John’s angle, but he could see his smile and shining eyes as they moved. Sherlock placed soft kisses on Victor’s knuckles. John saw Sherlock’s eyes crinkle with affection and his soft smile. He looked very much like a man in love.
After a long moment he spoke without looking up from his book. “Should I expect you to spend the night away from the flat on a regular basis?”
A small eternity passed while he stood and pretended not to see the blue-yellow-black of his own curls on 10 x 15 glossy paper.
Appearing disarmed, Sherlock dropped his hands and stood with his weight equally balanced on each leg. His face was open and pleading, “It’s been 37 seconds.”
Sherlock stilled, staring at John's stern face. He responded beautifully, quickly shedding the heavy coat and scrambling to stand as directed.
“I’m sorry, love.” He continued to stroke Sherlock’s cheek and said, “Sit up a bit. I brought you water.”
Sherlock drifted to sleep easily with John there, in front of him, warm under his duvet. After what felt like several hours, he woke alone. He heard soft voices coming from the living room and knew that Mycroft had come. John had left him pills and water. He felt remarkably better than he had earlier, but he took the pills anyway, sensing a headache could reappear quickly given his brother’s proximity. He dressed quickly and entered the lounge. Mycroft was sitting in his chair. He rolled his eyes and sighed.
John sighed and placed his tea cup on the bedside table. He tucked himself down on his side facing Sherlock. “I met him in Afghanistan. I was on a rooftop taking photos of some bad guys when this tall bloke, built like a lorry, comes towards me in his military fatigues. I thought I was dead.”
McGregor stopped, gun drawn in front of him. He turned his head over his shoulder and opened his mouth to say something. He did not get the chance. Three gunshots rang loudly from down the left-hand hall. He shouted, “Down!” and swung around to cover Lestrade and John.
John kissed back fiercely, biting and licking his lips. Sherlock found himself dizzy and his legs wobbled as knees, ankles, and hips forgot how to support muscle and bone. John held his face in his small hands and pulled away. “Sherlock?”
John gasped, breaking their kiss and said, “Oh god.” The feel of Sherlock in his arms, breathing hard, cock pressing into his with tiny thrusts was too much for John. “Please, Sherlock, please.” he said, very quietly. He pulled away from their kiss. “This is going to be over in two minutes,” he said with a small smile.
Victor was silent for a long moment. Sherlock could hear fabric rustling and knew Victor was putting his t-shirt back on. Victor walked around and knelt down in front of him. Sherlock looked up and saw understanding and a bit of mischief in his best friend’s face.
Sherlock knew what to expect this time and it had felt like a smaller dose. If they’d just inject him with cocaine he might be able to think his way out of this. But the bloody Special K and GHB and whatever else it was had rendered him practically helpless. He supposed that was the point. He was lucid enough to be grateful that the rapist in Madras shorts was “not allowed” to assault him.
Sherlock fucking loved that giggle. It meant John was happy in that moment. Sherlock shifted up John’s body and turned them so they were face to face on the mattress on their sides.
Sherlock could see the mischievous glint back in John’s eyes, and thought there was a slightly smug quirk to his lips.
As gently as I could, I said, “I see.” I frowned down at my own section of paper. I must have said it too softly.
Sherlock continued, “I missed you so much. I was so alone without you. I needed you.” He amended, “I need you.”
He looked backwards towards the rest of the agents coming down the hallway. “We’re not authorized to tell you that yet.”
But when there was no case, they took advantage of the quiet and privacy. They learned after the first time that as long as they had whisky, biscuits, cheese, almonds, grapes, candles, and lube, they were in for a memorable night.
As his vision went fuzzy and sharp, fuzzy and sharp, he felt hands at his belt, tugging and slipping it free from his jeans. He tried to say something, yell ‘no’ or ‘help’ or something. His jaw wouldn’t move, he couldn’t move his lips. Heavy. And so sleepy.
He leaned up against the back of the door, panting. Shame filled him, as his arm throbbed. He dropped, sitting on the floor leaning against the door. He hung his head and as his vision swam with tears, he wondered for the thousandth time if this would be the moment John Watson would give up and finally leave him. He thought he probably wouldn’t make it very long without him, but who would care?
Sherlock kissed him. He opened his mouth to slide his tongue against John’s. He ran his fingers through John’s short hair, ran his long fingers over John’s jaw, settled his thumb in the cleft of John’s chin. He hummed and exhaled warm puffs of air on John’s cheeks.
Sherlock pulled John’s hair and cried out a quiet, “Gah!” John pushed his head forward to allow Sherlock to come down his throat, watching Sherlock’s gorgeous face frozen in pleasure. He cherished that look. That was his Sherlock, the one no one else ever got to see. No one else would ever see.
He stared into the darkness, eventually rods and cones picked up faint light, a bit of color. He was on his side, head on the floor. Hands restrained behind him. Ankles restrained too.
High-caliber bullets hit closer and closer to where John was holed up in an unsecured building. American and British troops had increased their numbers on the ground over the past few months and there was an operation, led by the Afghans, to oust the Taliban from a nearby city stronghold.
Sherlock rose quickly, feeling much better. He knew he’d feel even better once his brother left. “Then fuck off.”
“Perfect,” said Sherlock. He popped a strawberry into his mouth and chewed. A tiny translucent pink drop hovered on his bottom lip for a split second before he made an obnoxious slurping sound to pull it into his mouth. He smirked at John’s obvious attention. John cleared his throat and handed a cup to Sherlock.
“All right. I want that gorgeous face of yours to scowl. Try to keep your body relaxed but I want some tension in your face. Especially your eyes.”
“Oh that’s good.” He was gyrating and his hand flew up and down his cock. “You need to fuck me soon.”
“I’m glad they’ve landed on their feet,” John said a few minutes after Sherlock had showed him the story.
Mycroft hesitated, then pointed towards an ambulance by the north side building entrance. He turned in the indicated direction and walked away from them.
“That’s Sirius,” Sherlock said, pointing to a very bright star. “I learned it after…” He stopped and looked very sad for a moment.
Sherlock freed John’s erection and pushed his pants and jeans down his thighs. They fell to the floor and John stepped out of them, sweeping them backwards with his foot.
After long moments of chewing his toast and sipping his tea, he put his cup and saucer down and slowly crept past the bathroom door, back into his bedroom. There it was. John’s overnight bag, stylish (Jack Spade) but not too expensive. Masculine (grey canvas) but not without some flair. And right there, in the back pocket, a small triangle - the corner of a photograph. He had seen it the night before and he had seen it this morning. He pretended not to see it. He wished he hadn’t because his curiosity was getting the best of him.
Sherlock had the fleeting thought that if John tried to open the door and he was still sitting against it his arm might get jostled and that would probably fucking hurt. Without further consideration, and out of sheer instinctual self-preservation, he shuffled away from the door so that he was sitting on the floor with his back to the tub, facing the door. John did not count to three, but opened the door in four seconds.
Victor dropped down and embraced Sherlock. They sat together rocking and burying their noses into each other’s necks. “I’m so glad you are here,” Victor said. “Wait, no I’m not. God, Holmes, why are you here?” He pulled back and said, “I think Noah is here. There might be others and we’re all headed to the Middle East. They had to leave us here because of the beatings. They couldn’t move me.”
Without warning or ceremony, mind full of John, Sherlock found himself sitting on the ice, excruciating pain splitting through his left arm, before he even knew he had fallen. A young couple came over to ask if he was all right. Sherlock nodded, held his arm close to his body and struggled to stand. He had to shuffle slowly towards the edge of the rink. To his immediate and eternal mortification, John was skating towards him.
Sherlock swooped down and captured John’s lips in a hard kiss. He didn’t move, just squeezed John to him and pressed their lips together. John’s shoulders dropped and he exhaled long and slow through his nose.
Sherlock moved his finger shallowly, in and out. “God, I love doing this to you.” John could hear the smile in his voice.
“The woman he was with turned out to be his landlady. Had nothing to do with any drugs,” he paused. “Well, actually, she had quite a bit of cannabis on her but she insisted it was for personal use and I guess I believed her.” He huffed out a laugh.
He walked around the room then paced rapidly back and forth in front of the windows. He answered, “Sherlock Holmes.”
They took Graham’s belongings to the station to sift through. John was extremely frustrated about the time lost, but Greg was right, they couldn’t sort through it all efficiently in his tiny home office.
Sleep eluded me. Possibly something to do with the clock tower’s namesake rattling my surroundings with thunderous chimes every quarter hour. Well, this particular spot appealed to me for its audaciousness, not its restfulness.
“As I said, you are the most important person in my life. I’ve always admired your brilliance, of course. And you can be so funny. I love to laugh with you,” he smiled, “but when I love you the most is when I get to see your heart, when you let your guard down and show how much you care for your parents, or Mrs. Hudson, or even Mycroft.”
He surged up and pinned Sherlock’s rabbity hands near his ears and covered his entire face with tiny kisses.
Sherlock folded up his hands differently and there appeared another animal. “This animal doesn’t make a sound that I can imitate.”
“I’ve got you.” John said, as he walked them into the bedroom and stood next to the bed. John looked down at Sherlock’s bed, then back at his face. In an instant, he was bouncing on the mattress and John was looking down at him with a half-smile and an evil glint in his eye.
“Couldn’t hurt to check it out.” Greg called over one of his officers and gave them the address. He said to them, “Check this out, super quiet, and if there’s something, call for backup immediately. Could be very dangerous.”
I had no idea what to say next so I simply put the phone down. I yawned. Seemed my transport needed more sleep after all of that thinking about John. I set my alarm for 8 AM and drifted on and off, watching lights move and change through the clock's glass face.
I emerged from my bedroom to an empty 221b. John was already out, probably looking for work. He mentioned that he was trying to find locum work after we worked the case together. If he was going to be flexible for me, that was exactly the type of work I’d suggest. But he hadn’t asked me. The doctor was quite independent.
“Well. I had the ‘good fortune’,” he emphasized the last with finger air quotes, “to interview young Sherlock.” He smirked. “He’s such an arsehole.”
“There is a difference,” I insisted, although I absolutely loathe repeating myself. She smiled but didn’t say anything. “Regardless, I have not been high in a year and I did not get high last night.”
He felt Sherlock’s finger touch his chin. Slight pressure under his jaw made him lift his face. He looked up into Sherlock’s blue-green eyes and saw softness and innocent longing. “You’re killing me too, John.”
John flipped open the cap and poured a generous amount of the liquid on his fingers. He prepared him quickly. In a few moments, he was ready. John knew. He lined himself up and pushed slowly into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock threw his head back, gasping for air, feeling the delicious burn and stretch as he felt every centimeter of John’s beautiful cock enter him.
Sherlock chuckled and rolled his eyes. He took off for the middle of the rink. Maybe he could do a few spins, as if he was dancing. He found a bit of open space within the large circle of skaters. He thought he could spin on one foot for at least one revolution. He tried it.
It was a big risk, and if the odds were as I thought, I’d lose him as a flatmate. It had only been a few days. I would probably get used to him being gone. Perhaps if I acted professionally friendly, assured him that I would not bring up the subject of romance again, he would consider remaining my friend and work partner. Those odds were larger than 27% surely. I needed to tell him.
“But don’t worry, I like that you’re sort of rude. It suits you, if that makes sense. I actually think you’re brilliant.” He squeezed my hand and said, “Now help an old Army vet up.”
Sherlock slowly turned his head towards the human foghorn. The bartender said, “It’s an açai caipirinha, would you like one?”
Panic rippled through Sherlock’s body, jolting him upright. John jumped up and started pacing again.
Sherlock stayed that way, just rubbing up and down his length slowly. Watching John. It was torture but he kept his eyes open, half-lidded to maintain eye contact whenever John looked up at him.
Sherlock was funny, sometimes unintentionally. They laughed until tears streamed down their faces. No one had made John laugh like Sherlock. Sherlock saved him and he would be grateful to him until the day he took his last breath.
John made sure Sherlock drank another glass of water, swallowed the pills, and sat up a bit so he could drink his tea without spilling. He hummed his appreciation for the tea and said quietly, “Thank you, John.”
His tolerance for pain was extremely high but as his arm bumped against his body as he was flailing around, his discomfort was announced to all of those around him with each sharply inhaled breath.
“You see but you don’t observe,” he said, pointing to the end of a violin case tucked behind the side table. He had noticed the music stand, but it was empty so he thought it was for magazines or something.
After a quick trip to the loo, Sherlock slipped back into bed with John none the wiser. He ducked his head under the duvet and slid down until he was at eye-level with John’s magnificent cock. Sherlock always imagined it was big, but the thickness of it when it was erect was beyond what he suspected. After all, John was a fairly small, slight man.
The hallway and door were painted a dark grey. He quietly approached the door, crouched down, and placed his ear as close to the floor as he could. He heard Mary’s voice, presumably talking on the phone. He quickly got out his mobile and set it to record, sliding it as far under the door as he could. He sunk back into a corner, staying quiet and listening for anyone else who might come out of the stairwell. After several minutes, he listened again. She was off the phone and he heard Graham and Mary talking. Their voices faded as they walked towards the reception area. He grabbed his phone, stopped the recording and placed it in his pocket.
John remembered back to when he first heard those lips utter that same phrase. His eyes flicked over Sherlock’s face, focusing finally on his lips. John looked away before things became very awkward for all of them in the room.
John ran to the edge through what felt like the thickest mud. He dreaded to look over the edge. When he did he saw Sherlock very much alive, half a floor down, clutching his ankle. The cab ride home was silent. Sherlock’s ankle was sore but intact and didn’t need any diagnosis beyond John’s. Sherlock tried to touch him, tried to get him to look in his eyes, silently pleading
He hadn’t anticipated this. He stood in the corner of his room and stared at the bed. John was on his bed with one foot on the duvet, one on the floor. He writhed a bit and every few minutes he’d sort of...giggle or smile. Or, to Sherlock’s great distraction, smack his lips. He was asleep, Sherlock was sure of it.
Sherlock slumped against John’s chest, still favoring his broken arm, but snaked his right arm around his waist and squeezed so hard that John let out a whoosh of breath.
He returned with lube just as John sat back down in Sherlock's chair. He leaned over, put both hands on the back of the chair, and said lowly in John’s ear, “I'm going to show you exactly how much I want you.”
As if on cue, Sherlock heard the bolt unlock and one of their captors entered with the same small bag and bottle of water. He wondered if they were ever going to get fed. He groaned in pain.
John ignored his tone and pulled him into a tight embrace. Sherlock melted into his arms, willing himself to accept strength from his love and closest friend. “He looks so small,” he said shakily.
“Hold them both,” John said, as he thrust up and curled Sherlock’s large palm and fingers around them. Their cocks were both thick, but his hands were large. They were so turned on that Sherlock knew it would be a matter of minutes, if not seconds that this would be over.
John dropped his hand. Sherlock turned and walked down the alley and turned the corner. In a few short minutes he was there.
John would be shooting. They hadn’t spent more than an hour or two apart since he was rescued. He knew they’d have to separate eventually. He sighed. John must have been excited about who it was for him to bring it up.  “Oh right. Who?”
They changed into their swim clothes thinking of heading to the beach, but lingered on the deck instead. The sun was still high in the sky given the late hour. Summer in Florida. Hot, sticky, breezy. The champagne, the smell of the sea, and the sight of Sherlock in tight black swim trunks and a lilac linen shirt with buttons undone and hanging open was making John squirm. His own olive green swim pants wouldn’t be concealing his feelings for long. He peeled his eyes from Sherlock’s long legs to gaze out at the eight different shades of bluish-green that was their view of the cloudy sky and calm sea.
Here they were in the middle of 221B, finally getting naked, and he was yelling. Only Sherlock could provoke feelings of arousal and exasperation simultaneously. The git was so frantic he was going to push them into the edge of the coffee table and give one of them a concussion.
John’s things were finally downstairs. Sherlock’s not-imminently-necessary things were finally upstairs. It had taken two days because John had to examine every single one of his possessions before deciding what to do with it. John was ridiculously attached to terrible socks, overly-designed jumpers, and at least one pair of hideous shoes. Sherlock had won the argument about the socks, even John could admit that he’d been hanging on to a few pairs for a decade too long. But the shoes? Sherlock couldn’t convince John to get rid of anything from his ‘mod’ phase even though he was unlikely to wear it again. What had finally triggered Sherlock to outright refuse was a pair of brothel creepers made of turquoise suede, red stitching, and a transparent sole.
After several long moments of light touches, soft kisses, and long, sweeping caresses across skin, John kissed Sherlock’s head and whispered, “I can’t wait to be in your bed every night.”
What had he done? As John settled into soft snoring, he wondered what to do with the following features of interest: The drug worked too slowly for its intended purposes. John was attracted to him. He was attracted to John. He was desperately in love with John.
John stopped shooting, seemingly satisfied and sat down in the sand next to Sherlock. John poured sand through his fingers onto Sherlock’s toes and ankles. Sherlock looked at him and John looked back for a long moment.
Moving my hand inside my trousers, I began to stroke. I barely knew the man, how could I know what John would be like during sex? But I’m Sherlock Holmes, of course I can deduce it. The combination of confidence, that walk (the loo door leading into my bedroom revealing glimpses from day one), and his rank of Captain suggested to me that I was on the right track.
John cut him off before he could say anything, and said, “No. See that right there?” He gestured towards Sherlock. “That right there was not normal. People do not just levitate from the floor to standing, like...like...a goddamned hummingbird.”
I looked down at the screen, face up on the floor next to me. Normally, I would delete a text that began with “Hi”. But because it was from John, I reached for it without thinking. Puzzling.
He got up and walked back and forth across the large room taking in as many details as he could. When he approached her desk she reached forward to shake his hand. “Nice to meet you Sherlock, I’ll be in touch. Graham has your book.”
Greg knew he should protect his heart. He knew it was a huge risk to go back. What if he got too busy and forgot about him again? What if he changed his mind? What if...what if Greg took a chance on this gorgeous brilliant man and let himself love and be loved?
“I thought...the only thing I could...I only thought of…” John stopped pacing and blew out a long breath. He walked towards Sherlock and sat down on the coffee table with a thump.
Sherlock lowered the back of his seat so he could recline further. John liked the way his dark curls framed his face. Sherlock parted his lips and opened his eyes to stare at the camera. John stood over him and began to shoot.
I tried to roll my eyes but I wasn’t sure that my face didn’t drop when I thought of the loneliness of my life before. I hadn’t recognized it as such, but I truly did not feel lonely anymore now that John was in my life. In my flat. In our flat. With me at work.
John slumped his shoulders with relief. “Give a bloke some warning...” he trailed off and laid down next to Sherlock. “You had this in your pockets?” He grabbed the bottle of wine, opened it, took a swig and offered it to Sherlock. They lounged on the grass, passing the bottle back and forth.
“I chose you…this,” he waved his hand between them just as Sherlock had done the night before, “because no one in my life has ever, ever made me feel like you do. I am stronger now because I am with you, in love with you. I’m better with you. I’m braver, wiser, kinder with you.”
That proved to be harder than Sherlock would have thought. He created and ticked off items in a mental checklist: Stop wanking. Stop licking (
In the end, the lead up to the shower took a bit longer than he thought. He had agreed to it, and Sherlock took that as a green light to pull John back on top of him, not giving a second thought to the mess between them. John gave up. He didn’t really care anyway. Not when Sherlock was humming with satisfaction and tracing his fingers up and down his spine with a feather-light touch that seemed to be lulling him into sleep. They didn’t have anything on today so
He heard strong thuds against wood, then more screaming. “Get your fucking hands off of me, you brute!”
Sherlock smiled back. “You do that to me too,” he said, gesturing at the bulge in his bespoke trousers. “But not yet, I wanna do the ‘speriment.” He walked over to John placing the lube and a tape measure on the table. “Turn around,” he said as he took John by the shoulders, turned him, and bent him over the dining room table.
I scoffed and tried not to roll my eyes. I’m not sure if I succeeded. John’s smirk told me I probably did not. “My brother likes to be involved in all aspects of my life. It’s tedious. Perhaps once upon a time I needed him.” I shuddered at the thought. “However, now I am established at Baker Street, with the work going well, and a new flatmate to boot.” I raised my glass and smiled at John. He smiled back and clinked our glasses together.
“Okay, that’s getting a bit scary now.” Given the circumstances, he resisted his urge to call him ‘love’.
John surprised him though. Seems that John surprised him each time they met. Sherlock was...intrigued.
Sherlock wanted to say a lot about the glasses. He wanted to say how insanely handsome he looked in them. How he had chosen a frame that perfectly fit his face. How much it turned him on to see John’s silver hair and blond lashes behind the black chunky frames. How he looked like a harmless, scholarly, geek chic type of hipster. He wanted to say how spectacularly sexy he looked.
John chuckled and pulled him down for a soft kiss. Sherlock placed his hands over John’s ears and deepened the kiss. A moment later, they were both breathing heavy and Sherlock’s cock was rising to meet John’s hip.
John studied his face. He said it with no sorrow so John believed that they were now simply good friends. He got the impression that Sherlock was telling him something he didn’t expect to.
Mycroft barked out a hoarse laugh, then smiled at Sherlock’s smirking face. The brothers enjoyed the reactions of John and Greg, both of whose eyes went wide with shock.
out loud but he couldn’t be sure the words actually emerged. He narrowed his eyes as his vision blurred. There was nothing written on the card.
Sherlock didn’t dare turn around. He was facing away from Victor, hugging his legs to his chest, trying to breathe.
“Bed’s comfortable.” John smacked his lips a few times and drifted off to sleep with Sherlock settled along his back.
”I know it has only been a couple of weeks since we started this…but can I?” He hesitated for a beat before he said, “I will love you until my heart stops. There is nothing that I want more than to spend my life with you. Like this. Do you? Do you think we could do that?”
To hear the words out loud was mortifying. I squeezed her hand softly and she dropped mine. I looked away, into the room that was still cluttered with boxes and papers, evidence of two lives coming together.
Sherlock took Victor’s hand in his and said, “Yes,” already walking towards the women and escape from this nightmare.
It was John’s turn to roll his eyes. “Not that,” he paused, “Well, maybe exactly that. She’s going to be able to tell that’s not a belt you would ever wear.”
When she rounded the corner, she saw both men sitting on the bench, legs tangled at their ankles, lips swollen and pink. They were talking to each other and grinning, making each other laugh. Their eyelids crinkled at the edges and eyes sparkled in the sunlight.
John stood still, Sherlock continued to measure. He didn’t know why he had this ridiculous pink tape measure. He couldn’t remember where he had gotten it but the increments weren’t metric, they were in inches. Americans were so stubborn.
He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t just leave London and just visit this gorgeous genius now and again. It was too fast, he was risking it all, but he needed to find out if Sherlock wanted the same thing that he did. “Er,” he raised his eyebrows and said, “Actually, I thought I’d move back.”
John hummed, “Yes. You do.” They stared at each other for a long moment before John said quietly, “I never thought this would happen.”
“Ah!” John cried, and turned around with hands up, looking like he was ready to box whoever had startled him.
His sweep of the room abruptly ended when he spotted a tall dapper figure standing near the doorway. They locked eyes. Greg couldn't look away. Mycroft was dressed casually in Blundstone boots, dark jeans, waxed cotton Barbour jacket, and an emerald green scarf.
John, raised up on two strong arms over him, pushed in and out in an easy, slippery, slide. He set up a gorgeous rhythm, neither too fast or too slow. He could feel him shifting his hips to nudge into different places within him. Sherlock knew what he was looking for, and as it turned out, that was what Sherlock was looking for too. How fortuitous. He canted his hips just so until...
Sherlock was getting better at this, recognizing when someone was chatting him up. Whenever it happened, John found it endlessly amusing.
Sherlock said nothing for a few long moments. He didn’t think he could…he didn’t think he should say terrible things to John. He just did.
“I know,” he agreed, “I’ll try to hide it from her, and if she does see it maybe she’ll think I’m being ironic. After all, this terry shirt is sort of seventies retro.”
They walked down to the water. John snapped a few more photos of Sherlock’s hair and linen shirt catching the breeze in the beautiful soft light. Sherlock stopped at the water’s edge and stared out at the vast turquoise blue water. He turned and said, “Purple is going to want something interesting.”
John reached for Sherlock’s face, placing a small peck on his lips. He said, “You were using the wrong side. It’s seventeen centimeters long...which really isn’t that long, actually.”
“Come here.” John pulled him in for a searing kiss. He tangled their tongues together, making sure to open his mouth a little more than necessary to show their audience exactly how hot and wet the kiss was. He had both hands buried in Sherlock’s slicked back hair, guiding his head sideways to deepen the kiss. He lowered one hand to trail down his throat, squeezing his neck briefly, then traced down his flank to finally rest possessively on Sherlock’s arse. He tugged on his hair causing Sherlock to moan loudly, probably loud enough to be heard over the music. He nipped at Sherlock’s upper lip, then his lower. He ended the kiss with a possessive bite to his lower lip. Sherlock looked dazed and was breathing heavily.
Suddenly I wished that I was reclining on the couch. Sitting face to face with those inquisitive eyes felt like being flayed open. I supposed that’s how everyone felt when they faced me.
John wondered how on earth he managed to get himself so turned around. But just as soon has he had the thought, he also knew the answer. The answer was 6 foot 3, 13 and a half stone, blue-eyed, blonde, and John’s current addiction. The answer was currently barking orders over the radio. The answer’s name was Major James Sholto.
They pulled their hands from each other’s heads and linked fingers. Sherlock lowered his forehead to John’s and said, “It stopped.”
Sherlock seemed to know what he needed. He pulled away and said, “Touch yourself. Pull on your gorgeous cock.” The word ‘cock’ muffled as he dove back in to lick and kiss John’s entrance. He added his middle finger. Longer. Thicker. His wet, long, probing tongue licked around where he was breaching him, making it comfortable, not painful, stimulating, smooth, easy. Sherlock nudged and teased John’s prostate constantly and he had the fleeting, panicked thought that he would have to come right then or he would never be able to come again.
Next door? How could John be so close and I not know...somehow. I must have looked surprised because he started to laugh again.
John half-lunged, half-fell into Sherlock’s arms. He gripped both arms around Sherlock’s waist, resting his chin on his sternum and looked up. Sherlock held him under his arms and looked down into John’s face. His own brows furrowed.
Sherlock refused to feel this way for one more second. He was going to head home and delete the blonde, or he would try at least. He’d never succeeded in deleting anything about John, but maybe he could delete her, or at least her face. Maybe just her breasts.
With that, John was shaken out of his mood. He released him but stayed close. His chest was heaving but he lowered his head and said again, “Sorry.”
John had an old acquaintance who’d been taken years ago. He knew John was angry about that, and about the fact that Sherlock himself wasn’t supposed to get taken at all. John blamed himself for what had happened to them all. Sherlock didn’t know how it could be John’s fault, but he silently vowed to make John see the truth and stop blaming himself.
“Of course, I observe the evidence of their attraction. But I don’t care. I only care about you.” He pulled John close to him in a tight embrace. “I’ll only ever love you, John.”
John appeared in the doorway with a glass of water and pills. He walked to Sherlock’s side and shoved the items towards his good hand. He flung the duvet back, and placed his bare feet on the floor. Without a sound, he took the water, swallowed the pills, and placed the glass on the side table.
He tilted his head as if to mock Sherlock’s confusion, “Sherlock. I loved him. I wanted us to be together when we got out of the Army. I wanted us to come to London, get a flat, share a bed, maybe get married. You know.”
John sat up and grabbed Sherlock’s face again. “No, my love. I did not. I’m telling you that I am weak and she was working my ego yesterday.”
Ten years later they were still solving cases, bickering over Sherlock’s recklessness or his miniscule appetite, John’s quick temper or penchant for jealousy, drinking tea, staying up too late. They were also still shagging like rabbits all over 221B, 221C, Scotland Yard, Regent’s Park, and two separate, memorable, very satisfying, occasions at the Diogenes Club.
John walked over and got right up into Sherlock’s personal space. He was irritated, amused, but most of all, turned on. It seemed like his perpetual physical state while in conversation with his madman. It had been like that for years and years.
John chuckled weakly at his lame joke, “I hope you found it as delicious as I did, but I mean real food, love.”
Sherlock yelled out, “Stay!” He could hear John grumbling something that sounded like ‘dog’, and then ‘cock’. He’d better hurry. John was always very interested in cocks, especially his and Sherlock’s. But with Sherlock’s out of the room, he had no doubt that John would take his second favorite cock in hand and this might be over very soon with Sherlock’s plans ruined. Sherlock quickly rifled through the drawer, grabbed the two necessary items, and rushed back into the lounge.
He concentrated strong, wet suction on the head of his cock. Sherlock moaned and gasped when John quickly flicked his tongue back and forth on his frenulum. Sherlock watched him with his eyes half-closed. He increased his pace to the fast rhythm Sherlock prefered. John loved the feeling of fullness, of Sherlock’s cock hitting the back of his throat. He opened up and took him in further. Sherlock inhaled sharply and said, “John!” with his eyes wide.
Sherlock did not know where they were headed but North London was full of industrial areas and business parks.
They climbed the stairs and Sherlock opened the door for him. John entered the room, set down his bag, and walked to the other side of the room, seemingly as far away as he could get from Sherlock.
He hadn’t planned on ever telling him. It wasn’t relevant. It wasn’t like Sherlock was interested in John’s love life. He never bothered to keep track of John’s girlfriends’ names. The man himself certainly didn’t seem like he was interested in love for himself. He was terribly manipulative with women and never showed an inkling of attraction to any man.
, Sherlock sighed. There was nothing for it. No remedy. Just the familiar frustration he felt whenever someone mistook he and John for a romantic couple.
Sherlock’s eyes were wide open, his bottom lip jutting out slightly. He looked exhausted, but sincere. John nodded.
Sherlock looked at him, scowled actually. He looked like he was trying to figure out a terrifically difficult puzzle. After a moment, his face relaxed, a smug expression took over his lovely features, and he crossed his arms.
John stood at the stove, frowning as he stirred his soup. Sherlock watched the rain fall and wondered how to get John to stop frowning.
“OH!” John yelled, when Sherlock’s finger had gone deep enough to graze the edge of the swollen, greedy gland.
They had been getting on just fine, but a small misunderstanding turned into a large row, complete with shouting and hurt feelings. Sherlock knew he had hurt John by being impatient and unreasonable. He was just
Sherlock interrupted his awkward rambling, “Cocaine is my preference. I have strong cravings for it, now and always. I don’t think my experience over the last few days has made that worse.”
The blonde man and Not-John had jolted something in Sherlock. He flinched a bit at the realization. He wanted to be the tall man. He wanted his John to look at him like that. He wanted to embrace John on a crowded street, in the light of the street lamps, and have his face betray his feelings with a big goofy smile.
“Before you I had never been in love. I didn’t need it, I didn’t want it. But I couldn’t help it and I was powerless against it when I met you. I will love you until
John blew out a long breath and looked up to the ceiling. Mary. His lying, psychopathic ghost of an ex-wife, Mary.
Sherlock continued to stare at him, desperately wanting to know but dreading the inevitable ‘childish’ or ‘freaky’.
Sherlock crossed his arms over his pale chest and cocked one hip impatiently. He wasn’t tapping his toe, but John suspected that was going to start any second. John looked at him head to toe. The petulant look he wore was a hilarious contrast to his long, hard cock jutting from a neat nest of dark curls at what seemed to be a perfect 90 degree angle. John smiled at him, but instead of laughing at the ridiculous man, he said, “You are so fucking beautiful.”
“You only love me? You only want to be with me. We are in a committed monogamous relationship, correct?”
John took a long sip and sat on the couch with one leg folded in front of him. He indicated with a wave that Sherlock should sit next to him. Sherlock mimicked his position so they were facing each other.
Sherlock placed his hands on John’s knees and gently pushed them down, nudging him out of a semi-foetal position. John laid on his side almost straight. His cock, rock hard, jutted out from his hips. Sherlock, on his side too, moved his head so it rested on the mattress right in front of it. He used one hand to gently cup John’s balls. He ran the fingers of his other hand softly up the shaft to circle around the corona slowly.
“Because I’ve spent years studying you, my gorgeous boy,” Sherlock moaned and closed his eyes, as his cock tiredly twitched, “and you simply can’t get enough of my praise. You love the combination of praise, with a touch of my dominance, over anyone really, but over you, particularly” John smirked, knowingly.
Sherlock realized he was wrong. The blonde was not an unknown person, not a potential new conquest. They were too familiar. This was someone John knew, and very intimately. Was she a casual tryst, or a former girlfriend? Sherlock couldn’t tell from that far away. But he was not going to try to find out. He had seen enough, the jealousy he felt was inconvenient and childish. He stopped and retrieved his mobile phone from the Belstaff’s inner pocket, fingers flying over the screen.
. They stayed that way for hours until the sobs turned to kisses, and the kisses into snores, and the darkness of a London night comforted them both.
It worked. Sherlock joined John in the cab although he didn’t take his hand. They sat at opposite ends of the bench seat, not talking. John stole glances to try and gauge Sherlock’s level of hurt or anger or both. Sherlock’s beautiful jaw was relaxed and his eyes half-closed.
Sherlock wouldn’t look up, he stayed sat on the bed, and looked at his pathetic wrapped arm resting in his lap, brain whirring with thoughts of redemption, gratitude, apologies, fixes. Gone was the angry petulant idiot who had stupidly told John to go away. He could only think of one word now.
John looked at him as if he’d completely lost his mind and he was vaguely happy about it. “You’re barking. Pun intended.”
John kissed his knuckles and said, “Night love.” Sherlock hummed, closed his eyes, and fell immediately to sleep without answering. He soon followed into a dreamless, comfortable sleep.
He directed Jason and Claire into the small room to work their magic. They left the door open so John could hear the interactions between his team and his model. Everything was mostly agreeable and mostly quiet while they worked.
John preferred to work without an assistant but when his agent Greg pushed Billy on him, he couldn’t really say no. Billy was tall with greasy hair and dark circles under his eyes. At least he was English.
He woke up hugging a pillow that smelled like John. He woke up to the soft sound of John breathing, still sleeping next to him.
Sherlock must have realized he was close to dozing off and slapped his arse sharply twice. He said, “To bed.”
Sherlock stilled, staring at John's stern face. He responded beautifully, quickly shedding the heavy coat and scrambling to stand as directed.
John chuckled quietly. He grabbed Sherlock’s face in both hands and kissed him deep and filthy. Sherlock responded enthusiastically, trying to put all of the passion he felt for this man into the kiss. John pulled away slightly, keeping his hands on Sherlock’s face, and just looked.
Sherlock, on top, broke the kiss to look at John, and asked, “Will you?” Sherlock was already reaching for the lube before John could respond.
He wanted to stay quiet, he really did. It was in that moment that the pain of his arm overtook his self-control and he gasped, “John!” and sat up, legs still under the duvet, clutching his arm.
He pulled Sherlock down hard until their lips crashed together. John immediately moved one hand so he could feel with his thumb his lips on Sherlock’s. Over and over, he ran his thumb over Sherlock’s lips, dipping just the tip in between so he could feel the hot and soft texture of their tongues licking at each other.
“All right. I thought I’d rearrange my old room a bit. Make room for a table, maybe. You might like some more space for storing equipment or doing observations. The light is better in there than the kitchen.”
Sherlock hugged him closer and turned his head so his lips were pressed against John’s neck. He mumbled, “I’m so sorry, please forgive me, love.” Sherlock rarely called John anything other than John, but his regret was a palpable knot sitting on his chest, and he would do or say anything to make John forgive him.
Sherlock moaned, imagining slender fingers thrusting into a perfect tight hole. He thrust his cock harder against the mattress.
Impatient, he sought their combined pleasure. Foreskins pulled back, cock heads shiny, and they were ready. Never one to delay gratification, he stroked firm and fast, concentrating on the heads of their cocks as he watched them slide alongside each other and under his hand.
Before I met Sherlock, I never imagined I would get used to eyeballs in the microwave and toes in the crisper.
If anything, he expected Sherlock to be surprised and curious and ask him a million questions. Nothing intrigued Sherlock like learning something new about John. After he said James’ name, he expected, “James Sholto? Wow, amazing. Wasn’t he your superior officer? How did that work? What happened between the two of you to end it? How did he feel about being at your wedding?”
To his relief, by the time he turned back, Sherlock had shrugged off the great coat and it hung over John’s own.
Jack watched John’s tongue. “No, no one,” he said, looking up, “It’s just me an’ me new modeling mates.” He rolled his eyes at the word ‘mates’. Clearly Jack didn’t have great affection for his fellow models. Probably especially the obnoxious James, he thought.
Even though they’d had outstanding sex not an hour ago, John found himself bent over with his hands on the tile, writhing in pleasure, hard as stone, with Sherlock’s too-big tongue in his arse.
I watched her telling me about private conversations she and John had when I wasn’t around. Surely this meant something.
“Oh come on! You have to tell me now. Give me a name. One of them had to have a name like Candy or Sherry.”
He hoisted his laptop and camera bags onto his good shoulder and was about to say goodbye to Sherlock when the man himself was already standing right next to him, a little closer than would be considered normal in British culture.
heart stops. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you, so I have reached the logical conclusion…” he paused. He was going to say it. He just needed a moment. He looked into John’s patient, expectant, beautiful eyes.
Finally, the champagne, sun, salt, and sex was too much and John’s breathing turned deep and slow. With the arm not currently full of John, he lifted the duvet and covered them. He looked down into John’s upturned face and whispered, “I need you too.”
John loved Sherlock. He adored him, always had. He was even attracted to him, how could he not be? But he'd suppressed those feelings when he realized they were completely useless. Sherlock was asexual. And friendship was enough for John. He just wanted to work with him and be in his life.
John became friends with Mary right out of Uni. She had seen right through him the first time they met and asked, “Do you have a boyfriend?”
“We’re so pathetic,” John choked out, now smiling. They stared at each other for a few minutes, just breathing and touching each other’s cheeks. “Keep talking about my cock.”
“It tickled,” Sherlock complained. So naturally John did it again until they were giggling and wrestling, each fighting to pin the other. Sherlock flipped them over and pinned John’s wrists over his head with his own large hands. He looked down at John with soft eyes and a big smile.
John was going to die. He’d die from the sensation. He was going to come. He couldn’t come. He didn’t want to come. He wanted to come harder than he’d ever come in his life. Confused. Stimulated beyond...he just moved his body back into Sherlock and away from Sherlock. He whined.
Greg, running ahead of him - damned his short legs - stopped so abruptly he almost ran into his back. John heard it just as Greg said, “Helicopter.”
“Hello, Sherlock.” John felt his face warming, then heat some more in mortification that he was blushing.
“It’s been two hours, you poof.” The man injected Sherlock with what felt like a smaller dose, then pulled a huge knife from somewhere and showed it to him. His put his face close to Sherlock’s and sneered. His breath reeked of onions, beer, and something metallic. In his state, Sherlock imagined it as a gas infiltrating his nose, mouth, and pores. He was inhaling this man one molecule at a time and it made his eyes water. He would suffocate on this man’s stinking aluminum-breath. He gagged and tried not to inhale.
Greg got up and walked towards him. They stood together, closer than necessary. Mycroft smelled amazing, as always, and Greg felt fluttering in his belly.
John made tea for them and brought it into the bedroom. He refilled the water glass and poked around the bathroom’s drawer and cabinet for ibuprofen or paracetamol. He found some and brought that back with him. Sherlock was in the exact same slouched position, but his eyes were open watching John.
“I could,” Sherlock babbled and thrust up and down between John’s cheeks, “I could put it in, just a bit, just a little bit, but I won’t, I want to, but not now, but I want to. I want to be...ah...oh!...inside...oh!” Sherlock had nothing more to say as he thrust a few more times and came all over John’s arse and lower back, squeezing him tightly.
John hadn’t even finished his sentence before Sherlock had pulled the elastic waistband away and over John’s gorgeous thick cock.
“It's all right, I'm just happy to see you.” He looked down at his feet, knowing he was giving away too much.
“John, I need to - “ Before Sherlock could finish the sentence his brain had begun, his lips surged down to take John’s in a hard kiss.
Victor tilted his head to the side in contemplation and blinked rapidly. Sherlock’s brows knitted together as Victor winced in pain.
John had just set up the fill lights when the door flung open and a very tall young man walked in. He was dressed in a worn, dirty t-shirt, jeans, black boots, and a beautifully tailored almost-black overcoat.
Sherlock looked up at that. “Oh? That’s great, John.” Purple magazine was an influential magazine in art and fashion. It didn’t have a huge readership among the public, but it was highly respected across all art forms. “Where is the shoot?”
“Then I put my fingers in your mouth and watched those luscious lips close around them. I don’t know how I didn’t come right then,” he panted, “And now that I know what those lips can really do,” John groaned at his own words, and the motion of his small hand around them both, “It was beyond my furthest imagination what your lips can actually do.”
He was the photographer’s assistant, trying to make it in commercial photography because Mary had said there was money in it. He recalled what she’d said, “Journalism, John? Really? No, you’ll make much more money as a commercial photographer. Here, call this bloke, he has a job for you.” He remembered being so fucking annoyed. He wanted to tell stories not sell soap! He wanted adventure and danger and truth. He didn’t want to be some advertiser’s pawn. But in the end, to make her happy and to make the rent, he’d called the photographer and he’d gotten a job as his assistant. The photographer smoked like it was good for you.
“Mmm, let’s,” he purred, turning John’s hand and kissing the inside of his wrist. “Like I said, you’re beautiful.” John made a small noise, neither agreeing or disagreeing. “Your hands are small but expressive. And competent,” he said with a wink. “Capable of inducing strong orgasms.” John made another small noise like a scoff but continued to stare up into Sherlock’s eyes with his lips parted, breath slightly ragged. “Your fingers know your camera’s every switch and dial and button. So sexy to watch you work, John.”
Sherlock turned his head to look at John. The hope...and the trust...in Sherlock’s eyes shredded John’s thin - tissue paper thin - wall he’d been clinging to all of these months. John reached for Sherlock’s hand slowly and when he didn’t pull away, he took Sherlock’s left hand between both of his smaller ones and raised his fingers to his lips. He kissed each knuckle slowly as Sherlock watched.
Sherlock rolled the glans of John’s cock with his thumb on the frenulum and his forefinger and middle finger on the corona. He relaxed down along John’s side with his head resting on his hip with his eyes focused on John’s cock in his hand. “It could even be called cute.”
Sherlock looked at him and crinkled his nose, “What? You haven’t...Oh! Oh…” Sherlock seemed to realize something. “I wasn’t thinking about your old blog post. I was thinking about when I...left,” he looked cautiously at John, “I learned the brightest stars and when I looked at them I imagined you were looking at them too.” He paused for a long moment, then took an extra-long draw on the wine bottle. John took his hand. “I dunno...it made me feel better.”
John seriously misjudged how Sherlock was going to take news of his affair with James. He thought they were having a light-hearted conversation where he would know something Sherlock didn’t know, for once.
John looked down and frowned. He had been desperately in love with James and it was unfair that their time together was so short. “Very.” He stayed quiet for several long minutes. He didn’t know how to explain the next part. He didn’t even know most of what happened himself. Sherlock stayed quiet, for which he was grateful.
John moved his hand and rested it over one of Sherlock’s and kept it there for the rest of the ride. He was glad John insisted on going with him and he fidgeted slightly less, but his body remained filled with unspent energy. He turned his hand over to interlace his fingers with John’s. He could see John turn his head to look at him but he looked at their hands and stroked John’s hand with his thumb, over and over again. That point of contact was enough to make Sherlock’s whole body sing with lovely sensation. A crackling warm energy transferred between their skin. That chemistry, Sherlock knew, was undeniable for him. He wondered if John felt it too.
Sherlock was not going to last, the scent of John, his hand moving faster and faster, and the dizzying things he was saying. His focus was solely on John’s voice in his ear, and hand on his cock, pulling and twisting, playing him expertly.
John hummed and Sherlock said, “Fuck!” The humming vibrations and the wet demanding movements of John’s tongue were driving him to the edge. He began to shake again.
They remained best friends for the years following their awkward kiss. Victor experimented sexually with many other boys their age and even had a steady boyfriend for three weeks. Sherlock liked the bloke, but when he deduced that he was kissing someone else in class too, he felt he needed to tell Victor. He didn’t know how Victor would react, but he was pleasantly surprised to find that he laughed. He said, “I know, Holmes. We’re too young to just have each other.” So Sherlock went on that way, deducing Victor’s flings, steering him away from the cruel, the too-old, or the unclean.
John turned his head to the side and crashed their lips together with a groan, sliding their lips and tongues together wetly right there in the spring sunshine.
It was early evening when John came back to the flat. His footsteps were slow and heavy. I hoped he was not still angry. Earlier I had considered apologizing, but that seemed a bit extreme, so I decided to assess my flatmate’s mood and 'play it by ear', as they say. I grabbed a book from the hearth and opened it to a random page.
Sherlock noted the slightest slur in his speech. The drug on the patch worked a bit slower than he had anticipated. If he'd only been able to inject it somehow... John’s transition to unconsciousness shouldn’t have taken this long. His attention snapped back to John as he spoke.
Sherlock walked around the other side of the bed and took Mycroft’s other hand, and said, “Brother mine.”
Greg sat at the table and looked around. The usual suspects were there, plus John and Sherlock. Those two had finally gotten their shit together and Greg, like everyone else, was relieved and pleased as punch for them.
Sherlock nodded. “He’d known about James Wilder faking his death ten years ago. He always gets informed about unusual Mi5 agent activities. What he didn’t know was what Wilder was doing with Mary.”
Sherlock loudly demanded that the manager of the Tesco Express, a flustered 20-year old, give back his card. Of course, the manager had no way of doing that. Sherlock flailed his arms about, yelling extremely embarrassing deductions about each cashier, the manager, and the CEO and CFO of Tesco PLC. John stepped in, grabbed him from behind as if doing the heimlich, and dragged him out backwards
Thinking about Sherlock’s loss was too much for him to bear. He missed his friend down to his marrow. He needed to stop, he needed to move on. He needed to repress, deny, ignore, push away.
“I only stopped doing that because I got hurt,” John said, and looked down, “and lost someone very important to me.”
They wound their way through several bar, restaurant, and lounge areas until they reached a small room. The first thing John saw was the discarded belt on the carpet. He reached down for it, but Greg placed a hand on his forearm to stop him.
He was unaccountably nervous and shaken. They’d talked about this. He knew what his story was, he just needed to say it. “I’d like to get to the next level. Book a big campaign. I don’t know if Shad can do it for me, but I think you could.”
