The steel blue eyes finally melted under the gaze of the soft green ones and his hand reached for his zipper. Dean gave him a small smile before going down to work.
"I am happy that you are here, Cas. Really." Dean sat down beside him, maintaining a safe space between them. "We, I mean
"Is that what you thought when your Dad died?" Cas asked, resting his elbows on the roof of the Impala, his eyes squinting.
"Cause you've done it too motherfucker." Michael shouted, his voice echoing inside one of the shelves he has stuck his head in, still searching for whatever it was that he wanted.
Life wasn't completely bad. Ellen and Bobby still lived next doors. Jo usually visited them on weekends. She had an apartment not very far from here. She had taken over for Bobby after he retired.
"Go home before someone mugs you or shoots you." Dean called out loudly. The man didn't move. His black hair was illuminated with the orange streetlight as he sat leaning onto it, his long legs stretched out in front of him.
At first, Dean didn't understand his words. Then he saw the way Chuck was smiling at him, his face reeking with kindness and it sank in.
"Mom!" Dean ran into the kitchen to see his Mom trying to bend over to pick up something from the floor.
Cas covered his ears to block out the sound, but it obviously wouldn't work. Dean was in his head, chanting his name.
"Loving a girl doesn't make you straight and loving a guy doesn't make you gay. You can like all genders and you can like everyone
Dean looked Cas up and down. He was still the same, wearing his trenchcoat and his crisp suit and his blue tie underneath. He still had the look of innocence in his eyes.
The voices kept echoing in his mind. The announcement blared above him as the flight attendants kept beckoning him to come forward.
Dean simply nodded. He suddenly remembered what he had been dying to ask his Dad since days now. "Dad, wait."
big belly in which the little brat was sleeping. His Mom was always fussing over him even though he wasn't even born yet. He was pretty sure she will forget Dean after the baby comes into this world.
Dean lifted his head. Cas or more accurately, his vessel, was smiling at him. He was still wearing the dirty trenchcoat. The softness in the blue eyes felt familiar, but Dean didn't allow himself to trust it.
the wire snap. His insides turned to jelly as his mind echoed with the crack of belt against his skin from many years ago. It was done. The car would now take at least two-three more days to get running. Their shot at big money was ruined.
Jo had not lied about the dinner. Ellen had made everything Dean liked - roasted beef, mashed potatoes, spaghetti and of course- pie. By the end, he was sure he could puke. The continuous laughter spread across the table didn't help.
Meg rolled her eyes but didn't pursue it further. She concentrated on her food, her eyes scanning the cafeteria for god knows what.
Dean opened his mouth to argue again, but Cas gently laid a hand on his wrist to stop him. "It's okay, Dean. I will go."
There was silence for some time as they both drank their coffee. Dean was on his last sip when Mr. Novak spoke again. "If you didn't break the bottle, why is Cas so mad at you? He doesn't even want to hear your name?"
Cas wanted to text him, because he didn't want to lose him again. This was definitely a fever dream. "Yeah sure. I would.. I would love that."
"Hey none of that, alright? He will be okay." Dean emphasized. "Just have faith." Even though he never had any for himself.
"He came to say goodbye." Dean looked at his friend, unable to hide the pain from his voice. He was tired of hiding things.
Cas was about to be tied with the love of his life forever in two days (Dean was assuming that is when Mick will propose) and Dean was ready to let him go, for good this time. But not before he got some answers.
Mr. Novak laughed. "Always the sensitive one." He looked at Dean with his eyes twinkling. "But I am not saying it's a bad thing. At least I have one son with an actual heart."
Before Dean knew what he was doing, his knuckles were in contact with his father's cheek. John's whole face flew to the side and Dean could swear he saw a drop of blood fall out from his mouth. His own knuckles hurt from the impact against John's cheeks. Dean had been dreaming of doing this since so many years, but the satisfaction never came. He felt hollow inside.
Dean stared straight ahead. He could spy Cas' retreating form just by a slight tilt of his head. His Dad was in the ground and Cas had just talked to him. If someone told him two days ago that this was going to happen, he would have laughed in their face. And maybe even be a little happy about it.
Cas was tired. Of everything. And everyone. He hated bragging about himself or thinking he was worth more than he deserved but he knew that the water was up to his neck now.
No, he was giving himself too much credit. He wasn't important enough for someone like Benny to think even twice about. Benny Lafitte was not Dean's mistake.
After Charlie returned with their coffees, Jo started feeling a little better. She wasn't crying anymore. "I want to see him." She declared.
on bikes. They had arranged them carefully, relying on the cashier's laziness to just scan quickly through them. She paused, holding the scanner in her hand while the magazine was in her other. "Sir actually-"
To Dean's surprise, John laughed. It wasn't a lot that John Winchester smiled, but when he did, he did it with whole mouth which lit up his entire face. He couldn't help but stare in wonder at the dimples that resembled Sammy's. It was the only time Dean was reminded that John was Sam's . father too. He felt a rush of warmth inside his chest at the rare sight. He looked at Sammy, who was looking as shocked as him.
"Ellen." Dean said a little loudly to talk over her. "Calm down. I will do it, no pressure. I actually enjoy working there."
"That was enough for my Dad. He turned on me and..." Benny cleared his throat, swallowing a lump. "And my Dad, he slapped me."
Dean couldn't help but smile as Cas took the baby's cheeks in his hands and pulled gently. The baby cooed happily. The most adorable sound Dean had ever heard.
When Dean woke up the next morning, he couldn't remember anything about last night. In fact, he couldn't remember anything at all. Did he have a giant tumor in his brain? What was even his name? Where was he? The room seemed oddly familiar but Dean couldn't place it. It reminded him of something- something good, something warm, something blue.
Another time, Dean had asked, "What if you die and you come back as a ghost and no one even notices you're dead."
Dean grinned, the tension gone. For all he knew, Lisa hadn't paid much attention to what happened. He tried to focus on his apple, but his eyes drifted again, this time on Meg instead of the boy. Her head was still turned, right towards the way Dean's eyes had been a few moments ago.
"I'll be there in a minute, okay? In a minute." Dean said alarmed, getting up and grabbing his keys. He rushed out in the cool night, forgetting his coat inside. The cold winds of early December wrapped its arms around him. Traces of snow carpeted his hair. "Whatever it is, it'll be okay, I promise. You hear me Ellen?"
"Yes." Mick exclaimed. Dean had never seen him smile with all his teeth before and he had to admit to himself that it was pretty good.
The desperation in Cas' voice made Dean stop. For a second, Dean let his heart flutter with hope. Was Cas willing to forgive him? He wasn't looking angry, not even when Dean had kissed him. He just looked ashamed.
"Oh don't you be thinking y'all were angels come from the sky. I ain't forget how you could never shut your pie hole in my class."
Cas didn't say anything. He just sat, patiently, until Dean gathered his courage and crashed his lips against the angel's. This time Cas didn't hold back. He grabbed the back of Dean's head to pull him closer and then they were drowning in each other again.
"Jesus Dean!" Sam said, turning to his brother. By the look on his face, Dean wouldn't have been surprised. "I called Ellen and Jo all the fucking time. They kept me updated. You think
"Maybe we should go to the Cheers and Beers. They have better beer. Definitely colder." One of the rednecks threatened, referring to the fancier bar uptown.
be happy for his brother, right? It was true that they didn't talk as much as they used to when they were kids, but there was no love lost between them. Sammy still comes to Dean for his every problem. Dean sometimes wondered if what stung Sam the most was that his brother didn't do the same.
He looked back to his dating history- a girlfriend he broke up with because he was too coward to carry out long distance, a fuck buddy(or whoever he was) who was currently busy fighting somewhere for "his country", and a few more partners down the year all of whom who had broken up with Dean for stupid reasons. Some of them believed he never invested his hundred percent in a relationship, others thought there were no long term future with him(Dean was to blame for that one because anytime someone tried to talk to him about "what they were doing", Dean deflected it faster than a cannonball). Therefore he had given up on dating altogether.
Dean smiled, but said nothing. The talk of Dads was making him sad. Perhaps Jo saw it, because then she said, "Look all I'm saying is that I gave this family a chance and it turned out great. You should do that too. Stop feeling like you owe us or something. We
He looked at Ellen who was regarding her daughter with shrewd eyes. Was she going to yell at her or worse, pull a John on her? Dean was ready to jump on front of Jo if Ellen started unbuckling her belt. That would also mean Sammy ending up in a foster home, but Dean won't send him here if they kicked their own daughter out.
were stupid. They were just a bunch of men dressing up and pretending to be powerful whole doing more harm than good. They reminded Cas a little too much of his own brothers and sisters.
Dean rolled his eyes. "You're both tens. But don't tell her I said that though. Her head is already as big as it is."
"I don't know, okay?" Chuck said loudly. "I don't even know if he's alive or dead. He never cared about me, you or anyone in this family except Alana. But he had a choice. She didn't!"
"It doesn't matter anymore, Dad. Mom's dead and she's gonna stay dead." Dean was losing his cool by now. "That's what you told me, remember? I was six and you fucking told me straight up that my mom was dead!"
has birthed too much poison between us. It's better for both of us that you stay away from me. Don't.. don't come anywhere near me."
"I am happy for you two. Jo had a ton of shitty relationships in the past and you beat them all by a mile."
John let Dean go when he had stopped crying after a while and came back to sit at Mary's side. The baby was still crying.
, before running out of the room shouting something like smelling smoke coming from the kitchen. Of course, there had been no smoke. In fact, no one was even cooking anything. Cas didn't point it out though. At least he had gotten a
Dean didn't know who finally closed the distance, but their lips were on each other, refusing to part. They consumed each other, letting out years of pent up desire and want. Castiel's lips were soft and rough at the same time, soothing and bruising, giving and taking. Neither of them held back. Their hands roamed all over each other, touching,
"Gotta say I was shocked to see Cas at the hospital. It's been so many years since we have talked. Does he live with his Dad?"
"Then what is it?" Sam asked. His excitement seemed to have settle down. He was slowly coming back to his senses.
Cas stood silently. It was his turn to watch his boyfriend retreat into himself. But he didn't stop him. He realized he has to Dean has to climb out on his own this time.
As good as they were, his freckles weren't wholly responsible for his popularity. If he had to pinpoint one moment where he suddenly became too known across high school and then the crush of seniors and juniors alike, it would be when he started dating Lisa Braeden. Black hair, almond eyes, olive skin, a lean figure - everything was perfect about her. Dean smiled at the thought of seeing her again after weeks.
Garth should stop telling Dean's ex lovers about his Dad. Although it was ironical how John Winchester's death was making Dean reunite with the guys he had once kissed.
Dean tilted his head back to kiss his girlfriend. As their tongues danced with each other, Dean realized her mouth somehow tasted like strawberries. How easy it was to fall in love with her.. if only Dean was capable of it.
, Dean thought as he wiped the back of his hand on his forehead to remove the sweat. The garage was hot and all he could think about was his best friend.
The doctor took off his surgical mask as the other nurses and residents scattered beside him. He looked old, somewhere in his sixties. Dean found it reassuring. The older the wiser.  "He's out of danger now." He said it in a drag, like someone who has to repeat those words hundred times a day, and not someone who literally gave permanent life altering decisions to people.
Dean looked at the little girl, and noticed the crestfallen look in her eyes. Her parents had given up on her and in her eyes, Dean was doing it too. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to." He said softly. "Of course you're much more than that. You're- you're my little sister."
But Cas was here now. And so was Bobby, Ellen, Jo, Charlie and Sammy would be here one day too. This was more than anything he had ever hoped for. More than anything he ever thought he deserved. But Cas made this possible for him.
Dean opened his eyes as his phone vibrated in his pocket. Probably Jody worried about Claire being late again after work. Dean saw the screen. It was Ellen.
They were sitting on the edge of Cas' bed. Cas had been crying since the past fifteen minutes. As soon as Dean had come in to soothe him, he had thrown his arms around him and held him tightly, refusing to let go. Dean had heard the front door close loudly soon after the fight. He was glad Michael and Ash were gone.
him to return my angel to me." Dean took a step closer. "So that I can look him in the eyes-" Dean tilted up Cas' chin to force him to meet his eyes. "- and tell him how big of an idiot he always was."
Cas palmed his face in frustration. It almost looked comic. Dean would've laughed if not for the seriousness of the situation.
"I came because you called Dean. I come everytime you call." Of course he would ignore everything else Dean had said. Dean had practically confessed to him about his feelings and Cas completely ignored that.
"I'm just kidding Dean." Sam said. "I'm gonna visit you. I am-" He paused for a moment to peek inside the house. "Don't say this to Eileen cause I am planning to keep it a surprise but I am.. expecting a promotion next month. That will get me more vacation days. So I might be able to come here more."
"Ben, for fucks sake!" Dean said louder than he had intended. A few people paused to look at them. "What did you just say about my Dad?"
"You two forgot something." They both looked up to see Mr. Turner standing behind them, a bag of groceries in one hand and in the other... he threw a stack of magazines on the ground beside them and walked away to his car.
He liked looking at them, he really did. But not in a way his classmates did, reducing them to just their skirts and tops. And certainly not in the way
His breath gave out eventually and he pulled back. "You sure you want this, Cas? Because unlike you, I can't tell what you want, unless you tell me."
"Just- consider this an outing." Eileen continued as Sam fumed in the back. "It's our last day here and we wanna spend it with you." She paused for a moment, considering. "I don't have any parents really so you two are the only family I know."
"Give me a break, Jo." Dean whined. "I have been taking shit from Sammy since Dad died, not to mention the little passive aggressive act he has been throwing since years now."
No. It was still too tough to think about it. Ever since Cas' confession and simultaneous death, Dean had tried to repress those last moments as hard as he can. Because thinking about it caused too much pain.
Dean scoffed. "Maybe you could have tried holding me once in a while. Or..or you could've..I don't know, tried to
Dean sat in silence as the bartender filled his glass. Around him, people were chattering with each other while loud music played in the background. It was some irritating new generation artist. He saw a few people making out in the corners and almost retched. Just looking at couples made him sick.
"They don't know the fuck they're talking about!" Ellen shrieked. Dean looked at Cas apologetically, who merely shrugged.
There wasn't any teeth, but his lips were crooked. His eyes were only half open, but Dean could see a hint of warmth in there.
"Nothing has to change. It's going to be a little more tough, but we can still make it. We were talking about calls or texts all day when you were gonna be in uni too, right?"
Before he could reach his door, it bust open and inside stepped the silhouette of his boyfriend- Dean Winchester. He looked like he had taken a shower already.
Lisa wrapped an arm around his bare torso, her chest pressed tightly against his back. "You never fail to amaze me, is all."
One look at Cas' blue eyes wide with pleading and anticipation, and Dean was in. "No rabbit food though."
Seeing Cas in that hellfire hurt. Seeing the angel ask him where he was when he needed him, hurt him even more. But what hurt the most was leaving him in that fire. When there eyes met, Dean saw something in the blue eyes, something other than the god-complex they'd come to harbor- they were
Dean stood silent for a few moments. The crack in his voice could easily be heard by any mortal now. "What makes you think that?"
"Come on Dean.." Sam stood up suddenly, hitting the table in the process. "Can we just.. can we just stop with this passive aggressiveness around each other? I know we aren't as close as we used to be, but I would.. I would like my brother back. Please?"
This is an extremely long chapter, but I wanted to wrap certain things up and didn't want to wait another week to do it.
last. He wasn't even sure if he still lived here. Or was he walking around in the same grocery store, pushing the trolly with another hand on top of his? Did he go to the same park in the evening, sitting on a bench, arms encapsulating another's shoulders? Will he see the same flowers bloom? Will he feel the scorch of the same heat, the relief of the same rain? Will he be a hair breadth's away and yet a thousand miles apart from Dean?
"Now don't you be expecting any tearjerkers from me son." Bobby said, making himself comfortable on the porch chair.
They asked Dean how did he get hurt so bad, but Jo shushed them by a look in her eyes. By the look of pity in their eyes, Dean knew that they understood. He had seen that look when Dean used to drop off baby Sam at their home "just for a few hours" because he had to go to school and his Dad was "busy at work." They knew then, they knew now.
Dean's hand clenched into a fist, sweating profusely. Fuck Cas and fuck his choice in friends. He never learns, does he?
Their blonde neighbor, Jo waved at them at the bus stop. Her dad had come to drop her off. She was in Dean' grade but the didn't talk. Back when Sammy was too small to take care of himself and Dean had to go to school and John was at work or passed out drunk somewhere, Jo's parents were more than happy to look after Sammy, without any cost. Dean owed them a debt he'd probably never be able to return, and maybe this is why he always felt more akward in front of Jo.
"This seems like the perfect setting for me to tell you how I discovered my sexuality." Dean changed the topic to the first thing his mind could think of.
for you, how hard is that to understand?" The fingers on his back were gone, the imaginary lines still imprinted on his skin.
"Assisted living." Cas had said simply. Was it that easy? To just forget about your family, make it someone else's problem? Dean liked the idea of moving so far away that no one will know him. Except maybe Cas. He'd welcome Cas into his space.
As they made their way back through the portal , a thousand more leagues of distance between them than when they had left, Dean wished he had never come back in their own world. He had loved and lost in purgatory. Purgatory had felt more home than earth ever did.
"And Dean," Ellen set down the basket and faced Dean, a hand on her hip. Dean had known her since enough years to know how she looked when she was mad. "You are not running away anywhere. Not on my watch."
Jo stopped walking and came back to where Dean was standing. She put a hand on her waist and regarded him. "Ah self pity, it always works."
Dean didn't move away. He should feel repulsed, push him away, throw his out of his house. But he couldn't. H
"Cause they're doctors. Always trying to be mysterious and stuff. They'll come back soon saying he had a few too beers in his system."
"Because I am-" He gasped as the angel's hand finally moved inside his underwear and touched his half hard dick. "I am
"Oh." Bobby was the head of a construction company. A high school degree won't get Dean into the office. He would have to do labor work. Working there would mean long hours in the heat.
"Dean," Sammy reached out and grabbed Dean's arm which was resting on the table. "I mean this in the nicest way possible, but Dad doesn't give a shit, okay?"
The sound of moaning filled the air as soon as he opened the bathroom door. Some other horny couple making out, Dean thought, disgusted. Jo was right to not fall for it.
"It's nothing." He put a hand over his wound to cover it, but he knew it was no use. Jo had seen it. And by tomorrow, everyone at school will know too.
"I can't do this with you." Dean wasn't angry. He wasn't mad that Cas had chosen Mick over him. He had every right to. "Not anymore." Whatever Cas wanted- friendship, forgiveness, redemption; Dean can't give it to him. He had been wrong. He had always chosen himself over Cas. He thought he was protecting Cas from himself, but all he had done was protect his own feelings. Just like he was doing now.
"She was making you too uncomfortable. I didn't want to use any force on her, so claiming you as my own seemed the only logical thing at the time." Cas said all this without as much as a twitch on his face.
Having been there many times, he knew that the washroom was at the end of the long corridor. It had taken him a long time to remember all the ways in the huge ass house.
"Found it!" To Dean's relief, Michael shouted, interrupting the little fight. Ash turned around to walk over to him, but Cas was faster. Dean could see his eyes wide with fear as he ran over to his elder brother.
"..let something like this come between us." Cas was still talking. "Things like these happen and I have always seen you like a friend.." Cas hesitated. He looked at Dean with scared eyes, like a prey eyeing it's stalker. "Like a.. like a
Dean looked up, surprised on hearing his name. They watched a pink bicycle stop in front of them.  Blonde hair came flowing out of a helmet.
Dean had been considering since the first day he did his shift at the bar. When he first entered it as a bartender, he had thought he wouldn't have much to do except serve out a few drinks. Instead, walking behind the counter had awakened something in him. A sense of authority. A sense of responsibility. As if it was his duty to take care of the bar. He had dismissed it first as an innocent dream, like a child closing his fist at the sky, hoping to trap the moon in it, but only catching air. As days passed by, Dean watched as Ellen grew more frantic trading her time between her ex-husband's gift and her new husband's life. What had started as a one time shift for Dean gradually turned into a daily duty. And he enjoyed every minute of it. Owning a bar wasn't as respectable as a doctor or a lawyer, but Dean found himself enjoying it more than being a mechanic.
"Almost." Ellen said, answering for her husband. "We are just waiting for the bills to process and then we will be out of this godforsaken place for good."
Oddly, Dean found the little kiss more erotic than the hand on his dick. He couldn't help but let out a small moan.
"Oh Mick. Yeah. Yeah I like him. Great fellow." Dean punched Cas on the arm lightly while sporting a full grin.
Dean chuckled awkwardly. "It's nothing really. Just returning to this place after so long. It feels weird. Even though everything's the same here, except-"
"I hate you." Dean said, lunging forward to grab Cas and kiss him again. They weren't going home tonight.
"Cas," Dean said slowly. "No one bought your act. I think they could all see clear as a day what we were up to."
Sam gave him a 'cut the crap' look. "Yeah and I am sure Dad will carve up a nice turkey and help us in decorating the tree."
"I am here to see Dean." Dean was sitting in his bedroom when he heard the soft voice from outside their door. His heart started hammering in his chest. Time for more confrontations. Time to find ways to again dodge the answer to the question -
There was Charlie in the corner, talking up some girl. Kevin was playing pool with Jo who was beating him easily. She looked up and waved at Dean. There was old Ash slouched on the table, muttering something incoherent. Rufus was playing poker with a few other hunters whom Dean recognized. They were all
"So you're a computer nerd?" Dean asked. All he knew was that Charlie worked in Jo's company. He was now feeling ashamed for assuming she had been a secretary or something.
"Dude you're gonna have new friends and a new girlfriend probably. Not to mention the studies. You will have a lot on your plate. I don't need to be on your worry list."
He could go to Benny, but he didn't wanna take away the little time he had left with his family. Who else was there?
Dean's last few days had passed in a frenzy. Between his hours at the garage and his shifts at the Roadhouse, all he managed to do was come home and sleep. It was also easier on Ellen since she wasn't worried about running a bar to keep their insurance up and could spend more time with her recovering husband. Besides, Dean was getting a good cut out of it. That was better than staying at the hospital with the stench of people dying.
Dean could feel his legs shaking. He didn't know how long he would be able to keep standing. If he was not pressed between his car and his angel, he would've fallen to his knees right now. "I would like to go there."
Dean sat at the airport, going through the brochures of his university. Even the rooms at the dorm looked more fancy than the ghetto house he was used to. At least they won't smell of booze and vomit.
"Was it because of me?" Sammy turned around to lie on his stomach and propped himself up on his elbows. "Did Dad say something about me? I know it's my fault Dean, I know it. I am so sorry."
"Boys your age make mistakes, right? Girls won't talk to you, you gotta take out the frustration somewhere."
"Do you actually like the show or just watch it for him?" Dean asked, pointing to the handsome doctor on screen.
"But I liked it with Lisa too. I know how this sounds but I didn't use her to hide my sexuality or anything. H- how is this possible to like it with both of them?"
Before Anna could take it from him, Cas had pushed his hand aside with his own money in his hand and shoved it into his little sister's hand.
"Could be the main component's burnt or-" Dean grabbed some wires, examining them."-could be short circuiting.Sammy says I need to-" Dean stopped talking when he felt fingers playing with the band of his jeans.
"Nah we got a lot of family issues right now that we gotta deal with." Gabe laughed at her words. "It was bound to explode sooner or later. I blame wine, not you." Anna said, looking embarassed.
As if on cue, Sam finally stepped into the loving room, grinning. He was wearing a particularly bright t-shirt with bis favorite pants that Dean had bought him for his birthday.
"This is literally the best one I promise you." Dean exclaimed without tearing his eyes off the screen.
or anything, all right? I am straight." Dean spluttered out. Maybe if he said those words enough times, they would come true.
He didn't have to shout at John, to wish death upon him. "I hate you and I hope you die!" He could still hear Sammy's words ringing in his head.
"Thanks." Cas said. Instead of going back, he stepped inside, taking in his surroundings. It was dark as Dean had most of the lights turned off. He liked it better when there weren't many lights shining down in his eyes. "This is a nice little place you got here."
Desn had no idea how John managed to maintain a mechanics shop. How he managed to repair the small nuts and bolts of the engines of cars and bikes with that much alcohol in his system was beyond Dean's understanding.
"Dean! Get in the goddamn car. We have to go!" John's voice fell like a whip on him. He let go of his mother's hand and immediately sat in the backseat. Soon they were off to the hospital.
Next, they would buy a ton of magazines, of cars and bikes, to make themselves look more macho. At the billing counter, they will hide the porno magazines among the stacks of other magazines.
At first, Dean didn't notice. He walked all the way to the corner table, one of their biggest, his eyes drooping from the lack of sleep. His mind registered a few familiar faces but he brushed them off as irrelevant - just some boys from school. But when he reached the table, his eyes were blinded by a familiar dash of blue staring at him.
"It's not my fault you only have rich friends." Dean said, the comment coming out snarkier than he had intended. Before she could react, Dean leaned down to plant long kiss on her cheek. "How does it feel dating a stable man?"
"Where you off too?" Dean stopped on his way to the door. He saw his brother lying lazily on the couch, reading a newspaper.
"What do you want?" Meg asked him impatiently. Her lips were swollen and her makeup was out of place.
"I feel a little hot." Cas said, slowly unbuttoning his top button, without taking his eyes off Dean.
"That has nothing to do with this, Cas. I.. I don't know what happened to him. He came, we worked a bit, fooled around and then he left." Dean lied easily. Cas gave him a scrutinizing look but didn't say anything further on the topic.
The wire was trapped between two heavy metal blocks. If it got ripped, the damage would be almost irreplaceable.
"About time you start being grateful." Dean has meant it as a joke, but it came out more bitter than he wanted. The words hung in the air as they both knew Dean wasn't just talking about the food. Eileen stepped in the room at that moment to save Sam from the trouble of responding.
The air was cool that day, a small relief from the scorching heat. Even though the weather was hot, Dean could feel goosebumps on the back of his neck. He was sweating and shivering at the same time.
Dean realized it was a bit selfish of him to make his brother go back to their Dad. Sammy had a home here. For the first time in his life, he was living with people who didn't think he was God's mistake. Was it truly right to tear him apart from that?
"I'm not.. of course I do. I li.. you mean a lot to me, Lisa. You always will. But this, us, we ain't gonna work out anymore. Its not you."
"Then come here." The voice was seducingly low. Dean could feel certain parts of his body stand up in attention. "Why resist?"
Dean smiled. It was the first time he had made Cas watch Scooby Doo and the angel looked very interested. To be fair, Cas looked interested in anything Dean made him watch. Sometimes Dean wondered if he was faking it, but then he remembered how Dean was the one who taught Cas how to lie and how bad he still was at it.
"You know, after all these years, I thought you would have come to trust me." The words hit Dean a thousand times harder than Benny's goodbye. The ice in Cas' voice seeped into Dean's heart. He left without another word, leaving Dean alone and cold.
Dean wondered how Jo tolerated this drunk, sorry excuse of a brother. He turned his head. The smell of his breath was nauseating.
The streets were empty because it was almost midnight. The roads were paved with snow now. Dean could see his fingertips turning blue in the cold. He put his hands in his jacket pocket and started walking to his car when he suddenly stopped. A figure was sitting on the sidewalk, probably too drunk to go home. Dean wondered if he should call an Uber.
Dean knew that the wet grass would leave a stain on the knees of his light blue jeans. He didn't care. Those were old and frayed and people were used to seeing him in clothes that looked second hand.
Dean went the hospital later that day, after making sure Cas was off his shift. He didn't want to make things more awkward than they already were. Bobby was supposed to be discharged today and Dean had promised Ellen that he would drive them home.
, he thought happily. "He had to take care of an emergency patient, so he rushed off. But," Jo continued. "He said he would be back soon."
Losing Cas had changed everything for Dean. Gabriel kept in touch for many months after that. He kept coming to their home to "check" on them. He took off to college two years later in California. They still talked sometimes when he had the time to call. He hadn't changed a bit.
Ellen rushed into his arms as soon as he made his way up to the second floor in front of the ER where she had texted him to come. "Hey, hey." He said soothingly, running his hand through her hair. "Everything's okay." Even though he knew it wasn't.
Dean's phone rang. He pulled it out from his pocket and saw it was Sam. Probably wants to know if the flight's on time. He'll check in with him later. Dean rejected the call.
Dean woke up forty-five minutes later, a drop of drool hanging from the corner of his mouth. Boarding was being announced. Wiping his mouth from the back of his hand, picked up his bag and started making his way towards the boarding gate.
One day, a week after they had come back, Mr. Novak visited him. Dean was just happy he hadn't walked in here like Ellen Harvelle and her daughter did, next day after Dean had arrived, anger flaring from their noses, demanding why he was here again. If they had a shotgun, he had no doubt that they would be in prison right now. Luckily, his Dad wasn't at home at that time.
"Then I will pick myself up and come back to you, over and over again. You cannot scare me away, Dean Winchester."
"You're not my Dad, Dean." Sam said, not so unkindly. "Take the load off. Go enjoy college. Forget about this shithole, okay? I am okay with being one of those families who only see each other on holidays."
Most of the time, Dean stayed in his room and only came out to eat. Usually, there wasn't anything to eat at home. He didn't mind. He ignored the rumbles of his stomach with such ease that he surprised even himself. He was used to his Mom making different types of snacks every day, each tailored to Dean's state. Now he could go the entire day without eating anything and he didn't mind. It didn't matter.
"Nothing much. Mom and Dad are trying to be extra supportively over the whole thing, buying me rainbow colored stuff and signing me up for this lesbian dating app."
Twelve years worth of desire and rage was pouring out of them and they took it all out on each other. Their hands roamed all over the other's body,
"Oh." Dean said, disappointed. "I was expecting you to be kinda sober for this conversation. Or both of us to be drunk."
Benny hesitated for a second before grabbing Dean and kissing him hard. Dean liked having sex with Lisa. He liked the soft curve of her body. The way it fit directly with his. He liked looking at boobs. But at the same time he'd take a peak at men's bare torsos during gym class. He liked seeing Lisa in short skirts and liked seeing boys in their gym shorts.
"Yes." Dean said, quickly. He didn't want to tell her anything. If rumors started spreading around at school, he'll be screwed.
. Cas was sitting back on the couch. There was a polite distance between them. He liked their positions because this way he could keep secretly glancing at Dean. He wasn't bored once during the whole movie.
Maybe after peeing, he should go out and find Cas. He had seen him earlier at the party looking good in a black shirt. He would just go and congratulate him on graduating and wish him well on his future. No stammering or awkward staring this time. They both should get closure, before never seeing each other again. Dean knew he would forget everything about the blue eyed bastard as soon as he caught a flight out of here.
Dean washed the dishes with Eileen that night. She had decided that they should have their own little Christmas dinner, since the last one had been completely botched. It had only been a day, but Dean's guilt was slowly fading away. The Novak's weren't his family. He wasn't responsible for their issues.
"Okay so I'm gonna take off. Good luck with your day off. Thanks for, um, everything. See you later?"
"Fuck." Dean muttered to himself. "Fuck, Cas," He said out loud. "How can you think I don't.. it changed my whole fucking life. It was.. it was everything that I- that I wanted and.."
Cas sighed and wiped away the dried tears from his face. "I told you, I am not enough for you, Dean. I do everything for you. I made my whole life revolve around you and you, you are embarassed to even hold my hand in public. You are ashamed of me. I come through everytime for you. Whatever messes you and Sam land yourselves into. And at the end of the day, what do I get from you? Nothing! You come to me when you need a good
"Ellen." She said. "And no need to thank me kiddo. I guess you're still too weak to go to school today."
"Gonna order a drink or are you just gonna stand there like a princess?" A voice came from behind him.
Cas put his attention back on the TV without saying a word. Dean still couldn't stop laughing. The angel's innocence never failed to get him.
Dinner was the most awkward affair. John usually picked something from the market while out working at his garage or asked Dean to order pizza. Dean sometimes insisted on cooking, but he did it only occasionally. Because John wanted his meals to be perfect. No extra salt, no burnt bread. He'd start yelling at Dean if something was not up to his taste.
"Okay! Got it."Dean finally said to stop him from rambling any more bullshit and pulled himself back.
Dean didn't realize the sharp pain in his chest until he was stumbling backwards on his feet. Cas was standing in front of him, his hand outstretched, his eyes bewildered. "I have a fucking boyfriend." He said, glaring at Dean.
Dean knew it wasn't right, but seeing Cas' flushed face and panicked eyes made him look like a scared kitten. He broke out into a laughter. "
It took all Dean had to not close the distance between him and Cas. He had been in a similar situation before, when Cas had his heart on his sleeve and Dean had taken advantage of that. He wouldn't do that to him again. They had started healing just now, and Dean would do anything to not tread upon the fragile threads that were holding them together.
Cas pressed his lips together, making a show about thinking about Dean's question. "Home's home, right?"
Part of him was wrong. It was Castiel. "Uh, I'm so sorry. Work calls. Later." Dean said, managing the most charming smile he could muster to dismiss the woman. He rushed to the other end of the table, with Cas' order in his hand. "Here." He figured it would be too much to call him
At first, he tried to think about the girls from his school. He thought about their smooth legs and their bare chests. Nothing.
Cas looked at him. Not in the normal way, but with a gaze he only used when Dean was feeling too low or emotional. He had given him that look when he first saw Sammy, when Dean had told him about the first time John laid a hand on him, when he had taken Cas to visit his mother's grave. It wasn't pity, like others reserved for him. It was just..
"Dad! You're awake." Jo rushed to her father. One might assume Bobby had come out of coma the first time from the happiness on his daughter's face, but Dean knew better. Bobby woke up only two-three times each day, but everytime felt like a miracle. He knew that Jo probably thought he won't wake up the next time he goes to sleep.
"Look, whatever happened, I am sure you both can move on from it. Fights happen all the time. There's one thing I can tell you for sure, Dean."
For the first time, Michael looked scared to look at his little brother. His eyes were fixed on the broken bottle lying on the ground. The contents of the wine was spilled everywhere, turning the floor the color of blood.
Dean kissed his cheek softly, making the angel blush. "No. I confess my fake feelings to my best friends all the time to fuck with them."
. John had gone to the hospital to bring him while Dean was alone at home. He felt scared. He had never been alone. They didn't have a babysitter butup his Mom always made sure that he was in good hands. The thought of his Mom made him wanna cry again, so he simply switched on the tv.
Dean smiled softly. He shook away his tears and grabbed Cas' hands playing with his waistband. "Will you get on with it already or will you keep spewing this sappy shit?"
"Believe me, babe. I would rather be on a free trip to mountains than work for a shitty pay in an equally shitty cafe."
John nodded. "Her old man. The one who's name you so generously gave to your little brother- although it is poetic for the two assholes in my life to be named the same."
, the excuses started becoming more and more flimsy and they eventually stopped coming. They both knew there was no use pretending. Sammy had a new life and he didn't have to apologize for it. The calls come once a month now. He sometimes shows up for family holidays with whoever he's dating. That was enough. Dean didn't even blame him. All of the secrets he had tried to keep from Sam to protect his little brother was gonna drive a wedge between them sooner or later.
Dean zipped up his pants after cleaning himself. He was glad didn't last long today. He had so much work to do. He owed Sammy an explanation as to why he had run off like that. He had yet to wash the blood of the hunt off him.
"Anyyyyways.." Dean half sang. He stood by Bobby's bed, resting a gentle hand on his shoulder. He was afraid that if he applied too much pressure, the fragile bones might break. "How are you doing?"
"It's okay. I don't remember my Mom much. And my Dad well, let's say he made Darth Vader look like the father of the year."
Without any idea about what he was doing, Dean grabbed his collar and crashed their lips together. Miles wasn't a bad kisser. His lips were soft, almost like a woman's, and for the first time, it turned Dean off. He wanted something hard, something firm, something like Cas.
Dean kept quiet. If only Cas loved Dean, the way Dean loved him. But he never would. Dean felt despair all of a sudden, creeping like death's cold arms in his heart . Benny was gone, shipped off to a military school because of Dean. Sammy was mad at him, for taking him back to a shitty excuse of a father. And Cas
"Well I wasn't there to see him off to preschool, but I can see him off to college in any damn way that I wish." Ellen retorted, her face drawn into a huge smile for Dean. She stepped aside to let them enter the house.
sign that he was back. That he wasn't suffering in the Empty so that I could sleep peacefully at night." Dean continued, his temper rising.
For weeks, when Dean couldn't sleep, when his dreams were haunted by seeing his best friend die, he'd take the trenchcoat out, and hug it tightly between his arms. He slept like that the whole night. His nightmares would go away.
Their breakup had been inevitable for a while. Their talks had no real meaning to it. When they spent the night together, Dean would just cuddle in her arms and after making sure she was asleep, he would get up and go back to his own home. They had stopped understanding what the other had to say. Lisa would be going away in a week to her uni and Dean had no energy left to put in their relationship anymore.
And ever since his Mom had left, this was the first time Dean felt a little happy. His baby brother had a name and there was one more person in this world who cared for him besides Dean.
you back?" Just when things were going smoothly again, Dean had to open his mouth. "I mean, I know it's none of my business and I am happy for you, believe me, and support you in whatever you do. But I never expected you to be- for our paths to cross again. You never really liked here."
"We can actually be rich in a few years. I can't.. I can't believe it." Sammy's eyes looked like they were wandering off to a far off dream. Dean liked seeing him like that. Happiness suited him. They only got so little taste of it.
And like a teenage boy, Dean felt himself harden at the mere touch on his thigh. He cursed himself and Cas.
When Dean finally felt like he couldn't breathe anymore, he pulled apart. Cas looked flushed, with his pupils dilated and his hair all ruffled up. Dean had never seen anything prettier.
Dean grabbed his waist, pulling the angel closer to him and kissed him, his tongue slipping inside in an instant.
"Oh sorry I didn't mean to-" Dean stopped mid-sentence, leaving the door half open. His heart sank down a thousand miles.
Dean took a deep breath and spun around. He looked at the angel standing in front of him, still wearing his old trenchcoat. The blue eyes still piercing into Dean's soul. Still beautiful. Still
"As if you never fucked anyone in this car." Sam turned to Eileen and from the corner of his mouth, whispered. "Bodily fluids amirite?"
while being drunk. But the last chat he had was with Sam an hour ago, when his little brother had informed him that he was going on an emergency hunt with Cas. All Dean had said was 'ok'.
"You know it's just that the pagan is at it's weakest at noon and we have to reach there at time if we want any shot at killing it and I know you hate getting up early but-"
"Excuse me - sorry - have you seen-" Dean kept repeating the words as he waded his way through the crowd, hoping to see someone familiar. By
It didn't take much time for Dean to explain Bobby's condition to her. She listened with rapid attention and was quick to understand. At least Jo had picked up someone good this time. Her last girlfriend wore black and listened to Metallica, and thought that was edgy as fuck. Which wasn't that bad until one day she had offered to suck Dean off. Dean had later asked Jo if she had picked her up from a high school, earning a punch in his arm.
"Get to the point, Dean." John said. His voice wasn't at any higher pitch than usual, which was good. During the yelling days, his pitch was usually increased by this time.
"Oe looked like he was ready to stab with one of those doctor's surgical instruments when I asked him to clear Bobby's bedpan." Dean said.
"Are you really sure? Because I don't want you to put you in a situation where you feel like you have to say yes to me. I have been shitty to you sometimes, but I promise you I won't get mad if you don't want to do this. Because you see consent is very important and if we don't have that-"
Eileen nudged an elbow in Sam's ribs, embarassed. Gabe laughed good naturedly. "And you must be Eileen." He offered her a hand. "I am Gabriel and this dainty lass is Rowena, my wife."
Cas made a face that looked like he was biting his tongue hard to stop himself from saying something. His cheeks were scarlet. After hearing his own words in his head, Dean congratulated himself on making Castiel Novak blush.
After dropping Cas off, Dean drove home feeling light-hearted. He didn't know what exactly had happened last night, but it seemed like Cas might have finally forgiven him.
That was not the take Dean wanted Sam to have from all this. He got up, easily towering over his brother. "I did it so that I get to keep you."
"It's cool." Sam hesitated, and then looked at Dean. "You should know that not everyone gets fooled so easily."
"No ya idgit. Just listen. Things are not gonna be easy at uni, I wish I could tell you it will be, but I am not gonna lie. Money will flow away so easily, one blink and
"I like the little changes here." He said. "All the personal touches like this chocolate wrapper on the floor, the pencil scratches on the table and ah, my favourite one, the crayon grafitti on the wall."
Gabe got up from the bed. "Now don't ever quote me on those words because this never happened. I was never here. Understood?"
There was a tenderness in his face, which Cas has seen before, but not as often as he would like to. Dean giving him that look when he was already feeling vulnerable tonight didn't help with the tears. He prayed they wouldn't creep out of his eyes.
"I must get going. Might pipe in the hospital later, to make sure that the old man is at least breathing or if they're scamming poor El out of her money."
Dean wiped the sweat off his brow and picked up his tools. He was already feeling pretty pathetic as it is. All he wanted to do was walk out and be alone somewhere. Drown out the fact that Cas had a life which didn't involve Dean in any way. But he didn't. He had to stay. Not for him, but for a kid who needed to know that he wouldn't drop her everytime things got uncomfortable.
, slept every night with Castiel's names on his lips, but now that he was actually here, Dean didn't feel the
Dean had hoped that by some miracle, the pain would subside by the morning, but it only seemed to have gotten worse. His body was so stiff from sleeping in the same position the entire night, that he wasn't sure he would even be able to sit up.
Cas stared at him like he was stupid. "No why would he tell me before that he's gonna propose? I found a ring in his drawer right before I moved here so I know he was planning to propose back then, but of course my Mom's death had to ruin everything. So now, what better time to do it than the dawn of a new year in our lives?"
This time, Dean didn't back away from the glare. He may have initiated the kiss, but Cas had responded, in a way that only the sorrowful lovers do, when they want something they cannot have. He challenged him. "Walk away."
"What if- what if they do end up taking him away?" Dean told the only person who was interested in listening to his problems.
. Please don't do this to me." He hated begging, but if he had to fall on his knees for the angel the second time that day, he would. He would do it a countless times more.
"So, um, I didn't.. didn't say or- or do something like.. something to you, right? Like something inappropriate?"
The TV flashed Dr. Sexy's face as soon as Dean opened it. A faint memory beating inside him, Dean almost smiled. It had been a month since Dean saw
Dean couldn't find it in himself to be actually mad at Cas. Dean was the one who had started it. He was glad that Cas at least had the sense to distance himself before things got too far.
Eileen shoved her closed fist in her mouth to stifle her laughter but failed, releasing another chain of laughter from her and Sam.
Sam pursed his lips. "No. We did try dating for a while in junior year, it never worked out. Things felt too weird so we decided we were better off as friends."
"C-can I?" The words were barely a whisper, like a leaf falling on the ground, but Dean heard them. Heard the weight they carried. His throat shut down, unable to speak a single word.
"Nice to see you too Bobby." Dean smiled at him. He went on to hug Ellen and shake Rufus's hand. "You are looking well. All set to go home?" Dean asked Bobby.
"At Lisa's.. the graduation party?" Dean said, memories flooding him. The sight of Cas kissing someone else had kept him awake for many days.
down) the rest of the bags in the kitchen. "These have milk, diapers and some other sissy stuff like baby wipes and shit."
"Jo!" Sammy said. He loved their neighbours, mainly because they always had cookies for him when he used to go there as a kid.
Dean obediently opened his mouth and sucked those two fingers like his life depended on it. They still had to make the four hour drive home and it was going to be a pain in the ass.
"Is it really.. do you really shake your..?"  Dean dropped his voice too and lowered his head to get it as close as Cas as possible.
"No, it's okay. I was.. I guess I was stepping over a line there. Dad, he.. he talked to me and told me that it wasn't my place to make you talk about it and uh, and that I shouldn't use my status as a best friend to guilt you into telling me about it."
Hi the updates might be a bit late from now on cause my uni has reopened and I barely get any time to write. But I'll try to find time as much as I can and hope to update the chapters every week! Love y'all and thank you so much for all the support ❤️
"At least Dad was always making us stop. He would get annoyed if we fought too much or played too much or- honestly, if we breathed too loudly." Dean said.
"I should take off too." Dean said quickly. He didn't want to be here when Cas arrived. "It's a.. a heavy rush at the garage. And I w-will swing by later maybe to- to have that talk we...talked about." He said to Ellen, who was looking at him curiously.
"I was selfish, I know. I thought that by removing myself from your life would be better for you. That you'd be free to live your life if you didn't have to worry about me all the time. So I build an illusion for you, that I live a perfect life and that you have.. you have left me no problems to solve. I didn't realize how I had slowly pushed you out of my life. Because you never wanted me to be perfect, you just wanted me to be your brother. Like you have always been for me. You gave up everything for me - your life, your college, your future. And looking you in the eyes; knowing what you have done for me, it was too hard."
When Dean felt like he had no more air left in his lung, he wanted to use his remaining breath for one thing only. "I love you Castiel." He was so breathless that he could only say it once. But that was fine. He will have a million more chances to do so. He will live and live, as long as Castiel does and if he allows him, Dean will hold his hand throughout.
you're talking about is me, because she definitely should." A familiar voice filled with drawl came from behind them. Dean pretended to bang his head on the table to show his frustration.
Dean extended a hand, to hold on to Cas, to find a way to make him stay, but before his fingers could touch the brown trenchcoat, there was a woosh, and Cas was gone, leaving Dean cold.
It wasn't that their paths hadn't crossed during all those years. Colliding at the door of a classroom when one was coming out and other was going in, standing in the same line in the cafeteria, accidentally reaching for the same seat in the bus. Although not
"Thanks." Dean muttered, burying his head in his coffee mug. It was so easy for people like Cas and Jo and their parents to not care who others fucked. It still bewildered him sometimes how normal all this was supposed to be. The normalcy he had been robbed off for half his life. "When did you finally bring me home though? Like what sealed the deal that made you realize I was too far gone so you had to save me?"
"Yeah, I just need some alone time with...with him." Dean said pointing to his Dad's grave. The tombstone said "
The horrors of thinking about Cas showing up at his home drove Dean crazy. He couldn't get the thought of his Dad meeting Cas out of his head.  When he couldn't take it anymore, he asked Jo if she could bring Cas here.
"I understand." Although, Dean didn't. Not really. His Dad had given away most of Mary's possessions right after he died, because he was too afraid to look at it. The only thing Dean had as a reminder of his mother was Sam.
not him, Dean couldn't understand why his heart was feeling so heavy. Surely the pesky little angel couldn't be the reason for it.
"How are you Dean?" Chuck came forward and hugged him. Chuck Novak was a hugger. He was always pulling his kids into his arms and they always hated it. This was the first time he had hugged Dean. He didn't hate it.
Sometimes when he had more than a drink or two, Dean liked to take a detour. One where he would just stand in front of the Novak house and wondered if he should go in. Ask about the youngest son. He never went in. He met Chuck Novak once in a while. At his garage or for dinner at his own place, but never at the Novak's. Chuck lived alone. Sometimes Anna or Gabe visited him, but no trace of Michael. Probably locked up somewhere or lying in an alley with a needle up his arm, Chuck joked. Dean could see the pain behind his eyes everytime. He sometimes mentioned his youngest son. Told Dean how good he was doing as a doctor. His eyes were always a mixture of pride and sadness at the thought of Cas. Dean knew he visited Chuck less than Gabriel or Anna combined."
in truth there had been no exact moment where he could firmly say that he was in love. He didn't just wake up one morning and decided to fall in love with his best friend. Maybe it was purgatory, maybe it was Miami. He didn't know. All he knew was that he was in love with Cas, fully and irrevocably.
"Also," Cas said, somber again. He lowered his eyes minutely and Dean suddenly felt self conscious about his body. "About that night.."
Months passed the same. Dean had to work double time at the cafe to make up for the money he had cost them at the garage. He barely got time to see Lisa, let alone any one else except Jo or Sammy, when he wasn't busy with Jess.
as to why would his Dad want his younger son to take over his work, the son who he hadn't even bothered to give a name. Why not Dean, who spent his time looking after the shop when his Dad was too drunk to be conscious?
There were only two days left in this year and he'd do anything to not go into the next one. December hadn't been much of a vacation for Dean, but seeing Sam and Cas back in town had jogged too many memories and he didn't want to let them go yet. Once Bobby gets released, Dean will have no excuse left to see Cas everyday. They may collide once in a while in town, but Cas will probably be holding hands with his husband, happier than ever. Dean wondered if he will ever get used to seeing that. Knowing Cas will never be his, seeing him in the arms of another man, watching his eyes light up with please everytime he will look at his husband, it will ache too much .He wished that Cas would go back to Boston and get out of Dean's life for good this time.
They laid the plan down elaborately. They would walk into the store confidently, without looking like 12 years old. "You just gotta broaden your shoulders and throw out your chest." Cas had told Dean. Dean had to hold his breath in to make himself look bigger. It was difficult to walk and not breathe at the same time. He had no idea how Cas was managing it, although his face looked a bit red, not unlike the shade of the sky outside.
No matter how much they pushed and pulled, they just couldn't seem to get closer. No matter how near they were, they were still too far and it was frustrating that one couldn't reach the other. "Cas." Dean broke his silence by breathing out the name on the skin, the name which he had birthed, the name which he had worshipped. In the next second, it all vanished. The hands, the lips, the heat. Dean shivered. Cas was standing too far and Dean knew this was it. No matter how much he stretched, he wouldn't be able to hold him again.
It was a rebirth. After the fire had died down and the ashes had settled, they were getting a new life. And for the first time, loving Castiel Novak wasn't killing Dean Winchester.
"Excuse me." The words were simple, no emotions behind them. Just two words- asking for a simple thing. Dean looked around. No wonder the hurt from his shoulder was gone. The girls had successfully managed to push the big guy and squealed as they finally had place to move. The couple behind Cas' back were still there- either stuck or deliberately- making Dean the only other obstacle in Cas' way.
"I want to see him." She said again, removing any prospects for disagreements. She and Charlie went to find some nurses to see if they could see Bobby. Alone again, Dean whipped out his phone and started scrolling mindlessly. There was no sleep for him that night, he knew that. Too much had happened for him to close his eyes to the world.
Dean joined the line. There were only a few passengers ahead of him now. A middle aged white woman was arguing the attendants over something Dean couldn't hear. The people in the line before her were losing their patience. To top it all, Dean's phone rang again.
All she had to do was raise an eyebrow and that shut Dean up. He had a sudden vision of his mother staring down at him the same way when he wanted an extra piece of pie.
"There's nothing left to say, Cas." What was there to say when Dean had ruined everything? Just like he had ruined everything with Benny, and ultimately his and Sam's life. There was no going back from this.
For the old readers: If you are still here, thank you so much for your patience. I have made some changes in the previous chapters, nothing of major plot lines, just minor details here and there.
"Because I have something personal to talk with Cas and the last person I want there is my little brother."
"I don't need to, Dean. You are too easy. You start blushing red even when I stand to close to you. If I had started..
He knew he couldn't always run back. Cas would always be there to hold him, but for how long can Dean expect him to catch him. One day, he would walk in front of his house and go inside. One day, he promised himself.
"There are some parts of you that I do know, Dean. I know how you have always tried to hide a part of you from your father. How you made yourself believe that certain things you feel for men were just your mind playing tricks on you. That this is not who you are." Cas carefully extended his hand and his fingers reached for the hunter's face. He looked at Dean for permission, who nodded slowly. Cas cupped his face with his hand and continued. "But I know you, Dean. I
; movie nights- Cas became too focused on movies and asked Dean a million questions about everything deterring off Dean everytime he tried something - a brush of hands, the classic sliding his arm behind his shoulders, leaning his head towards Cas'.
And there it was. Sam's eyes shining with pleading and his lips drooping down, it was a face Dean could never deny when it asked for a second ice cream. "Alright." Dean relented. "I would try to be less of an asshole to you. And we will talk, um, talk properly to each other without any formal bullshit. Sounds good?"
have. I have seen it burn out of him slowly as the years passed by, because his son stopped caring."
"It's too late for that." Dean said, walking past Cas. He had to go up and find Sam, to tell him he's alive.
"So, um, I gotta tell you guys something. And since you're both lawyers, I figured you'd be the best people to consult on this." Dean started hesitantly once Sam had run out of his lawyer stories.
"My half sister." Cas repeated, his mouth twisted in half a smirk. "After my Mom, uh, left, she found another man and had Claire."
"Oh." Dean said, putting a stop to his word vomit. There was no use pretending anymore. "You know.. fine. I'm bi. I like both men and women, happy?"
. He needed to talk to someone who would listen to him without any judgements. And thus the grave. He felt calm here, his thoughts felt unclustered and his heart felt lighter.
It had all seemed exciting at the time, and Dean, in his adrenaline, had made all kinds of plans to go through with this. But now as he sat in the restaurant, his brother looking at him, Dean was scared Sam was gonna reject his idea. Call him foolish for dreaming too big or make fun of him for going beyond his means. He could see it on his face. He was calculating. Wondering.
"Hey look! My sandwich is perfect today. Perfect mustard, perfect veggies. And hey, even the crust is off."
Acting on his new resolve was harder than he had thought. Every few hours, Dean's mind would go back into the void he was so familiar with. The black mould in his heart which almost felt like home now.
The bar wasn't as small as it looked from a distance. It looked big enough to hold at least a hundred people. It had a weird antique look to it. And there was a lot of chatter coming from inside.
"Dean's right, babe. You gotta believe it, okay?" Charlie looked fidgety, her finegrs playing with themselves while her back was straight against the couch. She looked like she felt useless, sitting around and doing nothing. Dean could understand. "Can I get you something? A coffee?"
The diapers were the hard part. John refused to touch his shitty diapers. The baby had a big appetite and an even bigger release. Dean couldn't deal with the stink the whole day. He had watched his father do it before, he could do it himself, he thought. He got it wrong the first few times. The baby kept wailing loudly at the itch. Dean finally got it right on his fourth try.
"Please." A single word, filled with so much power and yet, the ice in those blue eyes refused to melt.
Dean opened the cupboard with so much force that the doors ended up hitting the walls behind them. Cas fell silent as the noise echoed in the room. Dean gathered a bunch of his clothes and threw them into his torn suitcase.
"Another." Dean shouted to no one in particular. He knew someone would rush over to refill his glass. He had no qualms about money tonight. He had won a huge poker match yesterday. He had been hoping to spend that money in a fancy restaurant, but never mind.
. When he first heard Cas' voice on the phone, telling him he was alive, his heart was elating with joy. When he saw the angel standing by the phonebooth, he wanted to rush to him and hold his face in his arms, touch him everywhere, make sure that he was alive, really alive. He'd even kiss him, on the cheeks or the forehead maybe. But then he felt Sammy standing behind him and John Winchester flashed inside his mind. He pulled back after a hug.
He was going to leave for Michigan a week later. His university had called and told him he needed to be there by the start of July. His seat was secured for now but there were a lot of people in the waiting list and if he delays with the registration which would end in first week of July, he might end up losing it. Getting a scholarship was easier than securing it.
Dean noticed how little he had changed. He had a little stubble on his chin, his hair was sticking out in all directions, his cheekbones stood out more than ever against his hollow cheeks. The blue in those eyes seemed to have become sharper. He stood out in the land of absolute despair as a sign of hope. He was
"Dean.. you do know that I have a boyfriend right? Like me, a man is dating another man. Wait, do you think
"Sure?" The boy looked at him. Dean noticed his eyes were blue, as blue as the oceans their teacher was teaching them about.
"Okay, you see Steve came back from the ice in the last movie after he went into the ice when he crashed the plane after his best friend Bucky died-"
love for me, sacrificed yourself, came back to life and then ghosted me like I was nothing to you?" Dean could feel tears welling up in his eyes.
will handle it, all right? It's our home, isn't it? We have to go back." He stood up. "Thank you for all your help today, really, but it's late and we don't want to be in your hair anymore." He yanked Sammy's hand to make him get up, but was met with a resistance. Sammy refused to budge.
His dick was clean. He wasn't sore anywhere. He brought his head out and took a look around the room. No clothes were thrown across the bed or the floor. The bedsheet wasn't as ruffled as he liked it to be. He didn't have sex with Cas, or anyone last night, Dean thought thankfully.
"Ellen Harvelle?" Cas asked, giving his ex- classmate's mother more of a warm greeting than he had bothered with Dean. Dean noticed how his voice had gotten even deeper. It sounded more raw, almost like a growl. Something stirred inside Dean. He had heard about being attracted by voices before, but never really understood it. Until now..
Jo punched him when she saw they were neighbors again. Bobby and Ellen asked them multiple times to move back into their home.
"Yeah no shit." Dean muttered, sitting up. He folded his legs to make space for Cas to sit down, but either the angel didn't notice or didn't want to. He remained standing.
He finally stopped when he reached a bridge. The water beneath him was too beautiful to just pass by. He stepped out of his car, stood on the edge of the bridge and looked down. There was no way hell could come up with something so beautiful and peaceful. This
" Dean visibly flinched at the word. "and sometimes I think that maybe that's all I am to you." Cas couldn't believe that he had finally said it all aloud. In a way, it felt good.
Dean didn't want to point out to Mick that politeness was the last way to mend a broken bond. It was a way to imply they had given up on each other.
"She has her life, Sammy. I have mine. We don't keep track of everything the other does in their spare time."
Cas was standing beside the girls and Dean could peek a couple behind his back, lodged strongly against him. The reason Cas was anywhere near five feet of Dean was because he had nowhere to move. He was literally stuck with him.
Dean went back to his book, feeling defeated. The angel was too tough of a nut to crack and Dean wondered if he had come on too strong somehow and scared his best friend away. Maybe Cas was never flirting with him at all. Maybe he
He again felt the pain when he realized what his brother had done: brought the apocalypse on earth. But it wasn't the same; why would it be same? This was
Cas had found the time to call him back. Despite his new life and new friends, he had called his school friend. He still cared.
"So it was kinda really difficult for me to know.. to determine who I was, since I liked both men and women."
"Imagine having the privilege of wrecking a car." Claire said, looking at a Maserati with heavy dents on it's side.
it all vanished. Dean kept rooted on his spot, not knowing what happened, as he saw Cas gather his phone and rush out of the garage, without saying a word. Dean didn't know for how long he stood there as night dawned on him.
"I have actually," Dean stretched each word out, not wanting to blurt out the words in case they become real. "I have, um, decided to.."
Dean looked away, unable to hold the angel's scorching gaze. "If you wanna know, I used to enjoy these one night stands. A different woman every night. I was living the dream. But now.."
Just one more week, Dean assured himself. One more week and he would be out of here, not once looking back.
Those words made Dean smile. He lowered his head so that Cas won't see his face. He liked the idea of being the only one for Cas.
As he approached them, he saw that the boy was tiny. Tinier than Dean. He wondered if he had seen him in his class, but he wasn't sure. There were so many boys and girls in his class that it was hard to know one from another. The boy looked so weak, so fragile as he was hugging his lunchbag to his chest and tears were decorating his face like little beads. The biggest one in the group was laughing and trying to pry the lunchbag from the boy's hands.
Dean stared at him, agape. In a sentence, the little bastard had not only flirted fluently with the girl, but had proved himself to be a better wingman than Dean ever was. Cas gave him a small smile (
"I.. I told you, Dean. I don't know. They confronted me outta nowhere and suddenly all hell was loose. I'm gonna spare you the details. They think that sending me into army school is gonna cure me probably."
"Questions, questions, so many fucking questions. Always with the questions Dean. Why are you so obsessed with my life, huh? Did no one ever teach you to not pry in people's personal lives?" Cas paused and then broke into another set of giggles. "Sorry, my bad. What would have
Lisa came with her whole family and hugged Dean tightly as soon as she arrived. She hugged him for a long time and Dean found himself wanting to not let go. A lot of people from school were there, including Meg and Garth, both of them who offered Dean their condolences.
He was only concerned for Sam. There was no way John would let him inside after the things he had said. If his brother wasn't with him, Dean would've slept on the footpath. He would make a decision in the morning. Right now, all he wanted to do was close his eyes and..
Before the big boy could realize what was happening, Dean was already between the two boys and pushed him away from the tiny boy with as much strength as he could muster. It wasn't the best idea, a first grader pushing a fifth grader in the school courtyard. He wasn't going home in one piece, he was sure of that.
The respect inside Dean slowly started to grow as Castiel started getting close to him. Dean realized that the blue-eyed angel wasn't just another soldier, unlike his brothers and sisters. He had started to question things, things no one would dare to. The stiff angel, who used to be so sure of everything he did, was now questioning his every step. Dean couldn't help smiling to himself whenever he thought about his new friend. He was watching Castiel come alive.
He was used to it. He had seen it many times before. But this time, it was different. This time, he felt guilty.
Cas practically ripped off the buttons of Dean's shirt and brought his tongue on his nipple sucking gratuitously. Dean threw his head back against the wall. His hands roamed over Cas' neck and back, he was already too far gone to do anything else. So he let the angel take charge.
One moment you were there, next you're not. And I am alone on the floor the whole night, sobbing like I've never before. You shattered me that day, Cas. So of course I pushed it all down. Your words, your fall, everything. I have barely kept it together since then. And if I had started thinking about it, if I had started
"It was." Charlie said. She then dropped her voice. "This may sound mean but anytime someone trips and falls to the ground, it just makes me completely lose it. Only if they're not really hurt, of course."
"I'm saying that I want you to change your priorities. You can't have- colleges are tough, alright? Listening to my sob stories all day ain't gonna help you get through it."
"I am sorry." Dean got up from his bed, feeling genuinely embarassed. "I tell Sammy not to do such shit, but he doesn't listen." He went to pick up the wrapper from the floor and dropped it in the bin.
"It will be okay." Mary panted. "This is how it happens. You'll see.. " She squeezed his hand . "Everything.. everything will be all right."
Dean, Charlie and Jo looked at Bobby lying in his bed, sleeping. It was the day after Christmas and Dean had come in at the hospital to drop coffee for Jo and Charlie.
When Sam died, Cas never came to visit him, not once. Lisa and Ben were good , but they could never fill the void inside of Dean. He thought about praying to him once or twice, but decided against it. If Castiel was busy with heaven, let him be. Dean Winchester was certainly not important as that.
Sam looked down at his shoes, his dimples fading away. Dean clenched, then unclenched his fist and walked over to his little brother, toast in hand.
The effect of the booze seemed to be wearing away slowly as John took in his surroundings in the dim light. He looked at the half broken and half repaired cars, the shattered glass pieces lying everywhere and various kinds of oil spilled everywhere with an expression of horror on his face. Realization seemed to strike on his face as his eyes became clearer. "How long have I been passed out for?"
Ellen put a hand on her husband's arm to calm him down. All the attention was making Dean feel uncomfortable.
Dean sat on the couch and threw his head back, tired as hell. Claire had made things a lot easier at the garage. Dean had always been his own boss. He took breaks whenever he wanted, he closed the shop whenever he wanted. Wasn't that every working man's dream? And yet, at the end of the day, he felt exhausted. Frustrated. Doing the same thing time after time, no matter how easy, no matter how much you love it, it takes a toll on you. And Dean has been doing this since twelve years. Twelve fucking years.
In the shadow of the light falling from the streetlight on the porch, Dean saw big arms lifted. He flinched on instinct but before he could back away, the arms were over him, around him, pulling him inside. Inside his Dad's tight embrace.
Dean sighed and walked over to his friend to hand him the bottle. He knew there was no use arguing with the stubborn little guy. Cas looked amazed as the baby's mouth took the bottle in and sucked peacefully.
"So soon?" The woman smiled at him. Dean, for the life of him, couldn't remember her name. He had met her hours ago at a bar. "Men usually wait until I am asleep to leave."
"Okay all right, as you wish. But let's take it upstairs, yeah? People are watching." He could make her sleep upstairs.
"We both know which one you prefer." The angel's hand was again on Dean's front but this time it was not gentle. It was harsh, the way Dean liked it.
Dean rang the number. He held his breath as his heart started beating in rhythm with the ring of the phone. 3 rings, 5 rings, 8 rings-
Dean frowned, a part of his happiness fading. "Different how? Stanford is a bigger deal than Michigan."
"Sounds like El. But she can't leave her job, right? Someone's gonna have to earn, pay all those bills."
Dean took Cas' face in his hands to stop him from moving and forced him to meet his eyes. "It's okay, okay? It's okay."
Charlie nodded, taking her glove back from Dean. She was so small he could fit her in his pocket. "So, h-how's he? Jo's Dad? Is he okay?"
) That day, Cas felt proud. Then Dean got his little dog, and Cas felt happy. Maybe the hunter will be okay after all. Maybe he was finally trying to mend himself.
"No one is running anywhere, young man." Dean and Jo jumped. Ellen had barged into Jo's room with a laundry basket in her hand. She looked exhausted.
Cas takes a step back, disgusted by himself. Something had made the Empty reject him, give him back his life. But this was worse. He had broken Dean and now he's gonna have to see all of this.
"He didn't catch him. He just tripped and fell, which led the fake ghost to trip and fall and getting caught."
Cas was barely able to stop himself from groaning out loud. "You sure, Dean? We had a long day today. You must be tired."
night. He knew that if he went back to bed, he would end up catching feelings sooner or later for a french stranger, which wasn't good at all.
Cas nodded, but didn't say anything. Dean decided to give it one last try. "Why don't you make yourself more comfortable? Sit up."
The look Cas gave him was colder than the icy winds blowing through Dean's hair. Dean almost shivered. "I am allowed to spend time with my boyfriend. Especially since he's going back in a few days."
"If you cared for me, you wouldn't talk shit about my family every week." Dean regretted his next words even before saying them. He knew she could see the scars on his torso but she never asked about them. It wasn't fair of him to accuse her of hating his family when she had a good reason to.
"Ah save it babe." The woman smirked at him. "I was just playing with you. Guys like you are the last thing I want anything to do with."
Dean found Cas sitting in his living room, his legs folded up on the couch, watching Dr. Sexy on TV.
"No." Dean said firmly, walking over to his door. "Later. I have a friend coming over and I need you to
"Then what's it like?" The loud voice fell like a whip on Dean and Sam. Dean could feel his eyes filling up.
"There's nothing much I need that I don't already have." Dean said defensively. "Sammy, on the other hand, he's a kid. He wants things."
Sam almost sprang up from his chair. "What? Are you waiting for something fancier like Harvard or some shit? Because let me tell you Dean, this is as good as it gets. Just take it, all right? I swear if you let this go-"
"Oh I can make everything right for you babe." There was practically no space left between them. Dean closed his eyes. Maybe he should let it happen. Maybe he will get it up this time and retain the Dean Winchester legacy. He puckered his lips, waiting, but the lips which met him weren't soft like he had expected. They were rough and demanding.
After spending practically all the time together, Dean and Cas had grown quite close to each other, even more so than before. The only time they spent apart was at night. Even then, Dean would sometimes sneak into Cas' room at night to play stupid games or just talking with each other. They didn't even know what they had to talk about so much, but words came to them out of thin air and once started, neither of them could stop.
This one was difficult to write, since it finally establishes their endgame. I really hope I got it right. I would love to hear your thoughts on this one ♥️
"It's a long story, Sam, going as back as to the day in purgatory. Maybe your brother will explain it to you better than me."
No. Dean told himself firmly. It wasn't his fault. It was the fucker's fault who had decided to take advantage of a person who wasn't in their senses. If Dean ever got to lay his hands on him..
Dean cleared his throat, making Lisa turn back to him. He looked at her questioningly, pretending to feign innocence, as if he hadn't just stopped talking mid sentence.
"Does this?" Cas asked again, his fingers reaching the other side, caressing his skin. Dean was melting from the heat of the touch and he only wanted to sink in it further.
For the first time during the dinner, Dean looked at Cas. The coldness in his eyes was gone and replaced by something warm. It was home, Dean realized. Cas' eyes were home. Cas beamed at him and gave a small nod of encouragement.
"Perv." Dean retorted as they both laughed. Dean could see little wrinkles around the corner of Cas' eyes closed with laughter. He will never fail to surprise Dean with how beautiful he actually was.
"Maybe I should try it." Cas said, terrified. Dean thought his features looked beautiful under the half lit sky.
Dean would always remember it as the moment he lost his little brother. Any shred of innocence in Sam's eyes was gone, replaced by a cold, dead stare. When Dean had no money to buy an ice cream, little sammy would give him a smile and said he understood. He would then go to his room and wouldn't come out for hours. Dean wished he would understand now. "So you gave up your college and a chance to have a better life so you can take care of Dad's shitty shop?"
John walked over to where Dean was sitting and grabbed his shoulder. "Your Mom's dead now, Dean. Get that into your head."
Charlie captured her teeth between her lips. "You think so? I mean she's a ten and I am like.. a nine point five?"
It took Dean a moment to compose himself. "I- no need. We- um, we don't wanna buy them. Can you bill the rest?" He flashed the biggest apologetic grin he could muster at the girl, who just rolled her eyes.
Dean sighed. He missed Cas already. Both of them didn't really have any other friends. As talkative as Cas was, he was not much of a social element, just like Dean. He couldn't remember the last time they sat apart.
Ash snorted. "That's what they all say at first." He walked over to Dean, his feet swaying. He was struggling to keep himself upright. Dean had seen that type of walk before. He knew it all too well.  "Listen, kiddo, I've seen one too many boys like you, trying to earn girls' trust, and then creeping your way in."
There was a sharp pain in his lower leg as Sammy kicked him. Dean kicked him back. They both winced together. Sammy gave him another look filled with daggers.
He knew he had gone too far when silence fell at the table. Anna had kept her glass down and was staring intently at her brother. Gabe was smirking at both Dean and Cas. Sam cleared his throat softly and looked down on his plate. Even Chuck looked distraught and started rubbing his forehead.
Although Dean had seen him at work. It was the one place where John Winchester's hands were always steady. The only time he came alive was when he was with cars. Sometimes Dean wondered if he loved them more than his own sons. No, he didn't
"Yeah you never do." It was a whisper, light as a bird's feather falling on the ground, but Dean heard it.
"You can't lie to me, Dean. I don't know when you will be truly ready, but I have waited all these years. I can wait some more."
"I am impressed by the way you managed to simultaneously insult and compliment me. Gonna have to take a few lessons from you."
. Sam looked at Dean, demanding an explanation. Dean rolled his eyes. "Look, it's been a long day, Sammy. We'll go home, crack a beer and we both will tell you everything."
Dean wondered if Cas' family was here today. Why wouldn't they? Chuck Novak was a bit lazy but he loved his kids. Would Cas judge him if he saw that no one had come for Dean? Or would Dean watch jealously from a corner as Cas and Lisa and Jo happily clicked photos with their families?
Dean went back to his garage and spent the entire day repairing cars. Mick dropped by in the evening to take the car back. He thanked him for keeping his secret and told him that Castiel suspected nothing. When Dean was done with the rest of the cars, he purposefully messed with their wires and bolts to repair them again. He went on and on until the last rays of the sun had vanished, along with any hope inside of him.
Sam was often pissed at him because he had made them come back home. And John had actually started acknowledging his second son. He'd cook dinner for them at least once a week and ask them how their day went. Why wasn't Sammy more grateful? Dean didn't know how this miracle had happened, but he wasn't complaining. Maybe their Dad had just missed them too much and finally realized their importance. A boy can hope.
"Look, like Anna said, they are obviously not at a good place right now. In fact, they never had been a perfect family, had they? You remember what it was like? Anything used to send them over the edge. Poisoning each other with sweet words, hiding their resentment behind smiles. I guess now we know why "
Dean made a huge number of tips that evening. He only had his flirting skills to thank for that. A few winks and compliments can go a long way. He was guessing women weren't usually used to seeing young barkeeps around there. He asked them to bring more friends tomorrow.
"What are you apologizing to me for?" Dean said, barely registering his words. His thoughts were back to the hospital, his mind replaying Cas holding the guy in his arms, kissing and kissing..
Dean looked around, bored. A beer was sitting in his hand, but he was barely drinking it. He wasn't feeling thirsty. The bar was full of chatter of people and loud music was blaring in the background. All this was making his head ache even more. He just wanted to go home and sleep. But he couldn't, not yet. Because like a dumb idiot, he had made a promise to be his best friend's wingman tonight.
Cas hastily removed Dean's belt and his hand slipped inside, past his jeans, past his underwear's waistband. It finally took Dean's dick in his hand. He gave him a jerk once, twice and then stopped. Dean whined pathetically. "It's not what
Cas' eyes widened and he looked at Dean like he had just asked him to sell his kidney. "No, that's horrible and weird."
Their first day went exactly as Cas had described it. Teachers asked them to introduce themselves with their hobbies and other stuff like that about which Dean had no idea what to say. Then they started telling them about how this was going to be such an important year and how they should be heavily focused on their grades if they want to do something in the future. Dean and Cas kept rolling their eyes the whole time.
It was the closest they have ever been physically. Not even when they put their heads together to talk in class. Their eyes were hooked on each other, and everything else was gone. No dirty room, no stained sheets, no coolness. Dean could feel himself getting pulled closer to the boy.
The next afternoon, Dean decided to pay Bobby a visit. It had been almost a week since he had been there, not after his fight with Cas outside the bar. Sam and Eileen had been in there that morning. Afterwards they had gone to get some lunch. They tried to invite Dean, but he refused. He hoped Cas wouldn't be on his afternoon shift, but as the fates seemed to love Dean so much, the blue eyed doctor was parading around in his big lab coat and white tennis shoes as always.
Cas gave him a confused look. "Of course not, Dean. The prayers made to God cannot be heard on the angel radio."
"Biblical, I love it." She said, tracing a finger on Cas' shoulder. Seeing those fingers, something in Dean heated up. "I am Holly."
"Just filling in for Ellen." Dean said, racking his brains to change the topic before Cas started asking about his other job. "Didn't know you drank after work."
Dean didn't even know why he was sad. He had spent so many years here in misery, he was never good at making friends and the only reason people knew him was because of his girlfriend. In fact, as far as he could remember, his only happy hours in school were when Cas or Lisa were by his side.
After he had put down the shutters and locked the keys, Dean was grateful that the day was ending. Minus the extra money, it had been completely shitty. He couldn't wait to go home and forget all about Cas and Bobby and the Roadhouse.
Dean waited, the bronze knob of the door warming up with the sweat of his palm. Dean held on to it tighter, refusing to let go. He stared at Cas, who was watching him intently, all the blue in his eyes focused at Dean.
"I don't know, the way you were building this up made it feel like Chuck had committed a crime or something."
Sam shook his head. "Everything, Dean. It's just...coming to this old house, refreshing all the memories about John, seeing you this way-" Sam stopped abruptly, realizing the weight of what he had just said.
Jo shrugged. "I don't wanna have sex with some shithead who's gonna come in 30 seconds after getting inside me."
"I- we watch Dr. Sexy together, so that was the name on top of my mind. And I wouldn't have sex with you even if you were straight."
It was as if the words had opened up an old wound underneath Dean's skin, the one that never fully healed. The words had brought to life everything Dean thought was wrong with him. The words that were always floating in the back of his head, telling him he wasn't good enough. A deep noise rose at the back of his throat and before he knew, he was laughing in his little brother's shocked face. "You think you're so much better than me, don't ya
Dean made to nod, if only to make Cas go away. He will tell him he understood or whatever, and then Cas will go away, satisfied. That will be it. A final closure between the both of them, which will only satisfy Cas. Dean will make do. He opened his mouth to say his final words out loud before he stopped at the lack of cold on his cheek. The cold of metal. Cas' left hand was on his cheek and it was just flesh and blood. No ring. Only Castiel.
Cas sighed. He loved Dean. He truly did. But sometimes he wished Dean would exceed expectations, rather than surprise him by fulfilling them. Like whenever Cas reached out for Dean's lips in public, he pulled away so fast, looking around him to see if anyone noticed. He tried to appease Cas by holding his hand. In those times, Cas convinced himself that he should be grateful for this. For even this.
"A little harder next time please." Meg whispered to him. She slid into a seat next to Lisa and set her tray down.
He sounded out of breath, flushed. When Cas flew into his room, he saw that Dean was sitting on his bed, his back against him, his body moving in a constant rhythm. There was an air of arousal around him. Cas froze. He suddenly understood what Dean was doing. He felt embarrassed. He had definitely misheard the hunter and was now spying on his most private moments.
He heard Cas sigh softly as he began explaining about some old pagan god who liked eating human limbs. Naturally, Dean didn't hear a word because he was all too aware of Cas' face so close to him, his breath on Dean's mouth. Dean continued nodding at his words and eventually became annoyed when he realized that him being in such close proximity was having no effect whatsover the angel. Cas kept explaining in a perfectly monotonous tone, not even looking at Dean whose head was now resting on his shoulder.
And just like that, there was no more distance. Benny's hand was on his cheek, crashing their lips together. Dean had never kissed anyone in his life. It felt..
"There's a Mick Davies out here, asking for you." Cas flinched like he had been caught making out with an unconscious patient. Dean found it all unbelievably cute. He was no longer repulsed by the sight of Castiel or by the things the doctor made Dean feel. If things went right between them from now on, maybe, just maybe Dean might still have a chance. If only he knew what Castiel's sexuality was.
"And also no offense son," Bobby said, mocking Dean's tone from before, "but you can't rely on your Dad. And I've seen you do everything pretty much by yourself ever since you were a kid. I'm just saying, you don't always have to."
It was a short chapter, mainly to focus on Dean's trauma and Bobby's condition. I promise the next one will be longer and more important ^_^
He didn't know when he and Cas had shifted so close to each other. He didn't know when his breath was on Cas' face and when his lips were on the angel's. Cas released his wrist and his fingers reached for Dean's face - to pull him closer or to push him away, Dean didn't know. Because as soon as the fingers made contact with Dean's skin, something inside of him flinched and he pulled back. He hated himself more than ever.
"Dean!" Cas calls out again,kneeling beside him. He was afraid to touch Dean again. He looked too fragile, too broken.
Dean threw up his hands. "Guilty." It was a usual thing for them. Dean's old science teacher, Rufus Turner usually showed up once in a week or a month with a flat tire or a burnt out engine. Dean had even asked him to stop paying, but the old man had refused. Something about his pride being hurt.
The bartender wasn't half bad either. The deep cheekbones, the dark, ruffled hair, the way his ass looked in those tight pants. Maybe Dean should ask
"B-but we can't stay here forever. Like, it's not like you can adopt us. And you shouldn't have to. I will.. I will take care of me and Sam. He.. he won't do it again, I know."
Jo was trying to console her sobbing mother, so Dean decided to give them some space and approach the girl. She looked as out of space as Dean felt. He extended his hand. "Hey. I am Dean."
Benny looked him up and down, mistrust in his eyes at first. Dean was suddenly aware of the soot on his jeans. His hadn't even washed his face after coming back from the factory. Maybe Benny would reject him. He was an army guy now. They had standards. Dean was definitely not it.
It took a while for someone to take their order and little more time for their food to reach, but by the time it did, Dean was starving like a hungry bear. He gulfed down half his burger in one go.
"Yes he does." Mick said. Dean tried to sense if he was bitter about it, but there seemed only genuineness in those features. Most people Dean knew, wouldn't be this okay with a long term relationship. "And if everything goes well, this town will become my home too."
Once when Cas was talking to someone sitting opposite Dean, he took a chance to peak at the long fingers. No ring.
That's what it was. Benny's eyes were blue. An outsider would think that they were the same color, but Dean could see Benny's were shade darker than Castiel's.
Chuck threw his head back and laughed, although not mockingly. "You are learning Cas' talent for words, aren't you Dean?"
Ignoring his brother's protests of wanting to finish his breakfast and something about his "empty stomach making whale like sounds in the class", he ran on the sidewalk with Sammy behind him on his heels. His speed increased when he saw a flash of yellow on the corner.
Everyone's pity slowly started to annoy Dean after a while. He didn't know what to do. Should he be crying his eyes out or punching a wall in grief? He didn't feel like doing any of that. In fact, he didn't feel anything. His father lying in a casket meant nothing to him. Dean had seen his father passed out before. He had shaken him to check if he was still alive and breathed a sigh of relief when John grunted or spat out an abuse in his drunken state. Hell when Dean talked to him two days ago, John was smiling. He wasn't
Dean hid his annoyance. "That was last week, Dad. I am moving out tomorrow. Going to college, remember?"
"There you are." A voice from behind him says. Cas doesn't look back. He doesn't have to. No one has addressed him in years.
Cas couldn't help but smile at the look of excitement on Dean's face. He would never admit it to him, but Cas secretly thought that all these..
I gave everything up for. I threw away my life, my future, my love and for what? So that you can treat me like trash the way you did with Dad?" If Sam wasn't above delivering low blows, then neither was Dean.
Dean tried to focus on the scooby gang failing at another trap of theirs, but the damage was done. Cas was in his head again.
of being gay. Dean telling him about his little secret won't help. If that even was a thing. Cas was his friend, nothing more.
Bobby was doing better now. He was able to sit up for a few hours before going back to sleep. He was eating and speaking only the bare minimum. Every word out of him came out strained. It would require him some more time to get his energy back, according to the doctors, as Ellen told Dean.
"Fine, whatever, don't rub my face in it. And you don't need to worry, I won't bring it up again. Just forget about it."
"Give him a break, Jo. His wife is feeding him soup while the nurses clean his shit." Dean said matter-of-factly.
Dean groaned. "Stop throwing my girlfriend's money in my face, okay? And I told you, I am not waiting for any other college. I got rejected by everywhere else anyway."
"That was so good!" A woman's voice brought Dean back to earth, away from the thoughts of angels. He looked at the woman panting beneath him, naked and spent.
Dean continued. "I have seen Jimmy Novak. He is plain. You, on the other hand," He sucked a sensitive spot on the angel's neck. "Every time I look at you, I forget to breathe. Just for a moment," He lapped his tongue on his collarbone. "but I
Sorry it took me so long time to update this. I hadn't abandoned this story. I thought it would be better to finish writing the whole thing before I start uploading, so that the updates can be consistent from now on!
"We're alone." Sam said, ignoring his brother. His voice was breaking, but he had a firm look on his face. He wasn't taking anyone's crap tonight.
"Well we're gonna have to do it someday. They already call us weirdos. We will just rely on imagination."
"Gotta go now, babe." Dean's voice drowned in a sea of fabric as he pulled his shirt on his head. Feeling dazed, he couldn't tell which button went in which hole. He only managed to close two buttons beforehand giving up.
"I have never seen anyone love as hard as you do. You raised Sam. You cared for Bobby as your own father. You gave Claire a purpose. You even had love reserved for your own father, who was a truly vile element on this earth. And me? I never even knew how to love before I met you. But I know now. And if you will let me, I want to give you all the love that
"Can't believe you made me do this." Dean got up to inspect his car. "You really hate my mistress, don't you?"
Dean shifted a little closer and now his head was on Cas' shoulder, their thighs touching each other. He took a huge yawn.
Perhaps finding himself with no other option, Cas was finally forced to look at Dean. His blue eyes regarded him curiously, waiting to see how Dean would handle this grieving woman.
Dean cursed himself. Women were easy, they were always ready to give himself to Dean as soon as he started flirting with them. But men, Dean was always too incoherent around men.
"That couldn't be.. that just couldn't be." Dean said slowly, running a hand through his short hair. "You didn't want me. I ran away because you didn't want me."
Cas' touch did reach him, in the place he knew would matter most. The long fingers were on his stomach, aching, exploring. His other hand wrapped around Dean's, helping him hold his shirt up.
"Well, he's your family too. But it's convenient for you to forget that when you are busy solving other people's families."
"Dean, I know the situation at your home. And I know how hard you've worked over the past years. No one deserves to do that at your age."
Dean's heart fell. Cas had called him family that night. That's how much he had meant to him, before Dean screwed everything up. He wasn't a part of Cas' life anymore. He wouldn't know who Cas' friends were or who he liked. If he had ever dated anyone or who he lost his virginity to. It was all dead and gone.
, Cas. Every morning, you are there. And I feel so ashamed for behaving like.. like a young, virginal
Dean observed at the junkies who cheering each other to do a back flip on the park bench. One of them shouted that he was man enough to do it. He stood up on the bench, bis dark silhouette offering a perfect contrast to the light and jumped. He ended up face down on the ground. His friends howled with laughter. In normal circumstances, Dean would have laughed. He scratched his head, looking away, unsure of what to say. Cas was happy with Mick. And for a small, unkindled hope in the back of his heart, Dean was going to ruin it all for Cas again.
"I will..I will do that myself." Dean said, annoyed. They weren't friends. They never had been. She should stop acting like one just out of pity.
Cas bent down to open the oven. Wearing mitten gloves, he took out the freshly roasted turkey and set it on the counter.
he had always expected to feel on hhis coming back. The whole day had been a fever dream anyways, might as well throw in his ex best friend coming back after 5 years.
With shaking hands, Cas reaches out and touches his shoulder, trying not to smudge his beautiful mark on Dean. Dean doesn't respond. Not a flinch, nothing. Cas can't take it anymore. He starts shaking Dean. By one shoulder, and then by both. Dean is not looking at him.
"I don't understand you, Cas. Everytime I try to do something, every time I make a move, you push me away. It's either this or that. And when I try to find someone else, you are always there. You rejected tonight. You rejected me first. And when I go out and do my own thing, you are there. Weren't you supposed to be on a hunt? Then why the
Before Sammy could say anything, the doorbell rang. His little brother gave him a last mischievous smile and ran to get the door. "Sammy, wait." Dean said, running after him.
often wondered why Rufus had so much car trouble and why he always insisted on paying, even over the smallest things. Dean had let it pass. He liked his company. He didn't care who was fucking with the old man's car- whether it was a long lost enemy or drug deals gone bad or his own dementia. Rufus Turner was a divorced, old man, who didn't have full custody of his children. If he sometimes found solace in hanging out with his old student, Dean wasn't going to stop him.
"He had joined as a resident in the same hospital where I had just become a full fledged surgeon. He was under a different doctor's wing. But one day he was assigned to me as a temporary thing and then it was hard to ignore the sparks"
"Okay." Dean said, knowing he was telling the truth. He had seen Cas properly drunk. He was looking much more in his senses than that night. Dean braced himself. He could feel his heart rate elevating and his breath getting shorter, but he was ready to do it. He had to tell Cas how he  had always felt. "Cas I-"
The next few days were not much different. Dean couldn't go to school. He had trouble doing even some basic things like showering or going down to eat. Bobby or Ellen brought his food upstairs. He felt so ashamed while making them do this, but he really had no choice. Jo kept bringing him homework. She said that Cas was very quiet these days. Even the teachers had noticed.
Dean often craved a drink after a tiring day at work. Not that tiring really, since all he had to do was sit and twist a bunch of screws and wires. The real tiring work had been at Bobby's factory, when Dean used to be so burnt out that he couldn't tell from night to day anymore. Beer was his only crutch then. A year later, he had quit. The
Ears echoing with the sound of the punch, Dean's words were calmer than he was feeling, "I hope you die. I really hope you die."
When Dean went into the kitchen(he had tried to delay it as much as possible by taking a long ass shower and making sure he has completely emptied his stomach; while knowing he definitely will miss his bus), his Dad was nowhere to be seen.
Lisa had enough money and brains to get anywhere she wanted while Dean had neither. She did everything she could to support Dean. They studied together, which significantly improved his grades. She never once complained about the long hours he had to spend working.
"Most guys wouldn't blurt out a male celebrity's name so fast. They would try to convince me into having sex with them to convert me back."
"I don't give a shit about what you do, Dean, I really don't. I just wanna know why you're back working in that shithole? For someone who ruined your life every chance he got?"
of them making into unis seemed impossible but Dean was going to make it happen. He had promised himself years ago. He would get another job there, probably in his uni and he well send his brother off.
invited." Cas' expression didn't match Dean's fake enthusiasm. It mirrored Dean's hopeless despair inside.
Dean continued looking confused. Bobby lowered his hat in the direction of the door and gave Dean a meaningful look. "I think you should see for yourself, Dean."
This part will give a new aspect to Dean and Cas' characters. And I *think* that it will be better written than the previous ones. Hope y'all will like it :)
And even though angels can't breathe, Cas finally learned what it felt like to be breathless. "What?"
Anna and Gabriel, who were both staying at the house temporarily, came downstairs soon. Dean was used to seeing them from time to time in the city, when they visited their Dad. Anna had grown up as beautifully as Castiel. Gabriel had invited Dean to his wedding seven months ago in Hawaii, but Dean had refused, saying he was too drowned in work. He had known who else was gonna be there and he had promised himself not to open those doors again.
"Stop staring at guys who are jacked as fuck for my childhood crush who's Dad was the reason I get to stare at the jacked dudes? Sounds good."
Dean didn't want to go out yet. He wanted to catch up with Charlie and Jo and everyone else, but there was something in the way Bobby and Ellen were looking at him, with really weird smiles.
All Dean wanted to do was to hold Cas till they couldn't tell who was Dean and who was Cas, till they were just
Everytime Dean wanted a drink, he just reminded himself of his Dad's messed up face lying in the hospital bed and it brought him back to his senses. In a way, he had stopped himself from becoming an addict by the sheer will of not wanting to turn out like his Dad. At least one thing he could be proud of.
"I don't think si. We're gonna keep him in the ICU for a few more nights and then shift him to a room when he's stable. I recommend going home, Mrs. Harvelle."
"Are you leaving soon too?" Dean tried not to sound hopeful. "I think doctors didn't get a lot of vacation?"
Dean didn't have the energy in him to argue. Besides, they had no clean clothes, no books. And the thought going into their home to get it made Dean wince again.
Dean spat out. He should be happy to see Benny. He should be glad that he's safe, that his parents hadn't killed him off and disposed his body somewhere. But he wasn't. Because if Benny was standing here, all smiles, that meant that he was safe. He left after he saw what was going to happen to Dean and didn't come back soon enough. Dean knew that it was selfish to think that way, but he didn't care.
"I know you think I hate you, Dean." He said after handing him a paper one day after class. There wasn't any 'but' after it, but Dean didn't mind. He had almost squealed up in joy after reading it. Having your science teacher support you when you wanted a career in science (or mechanics specifically), was a blessing come true.
Dean didn't contradict him. He was a coward, he knew. As cold and unwelcoming it was, it was home for him. It was the place his Mom's memories were, the place where Sammy grew up. If his Dad wanted to remain in his little bubble that his son wasn't a degenerate, then let him. Dean wasn't leaving his home again.
"Ellen!" Under normal circumstances, Dean would've thrown salt and holy water at her first or stabbed her with a silver knife. Because in his world, Ellen was dead. But for some reason, he didn't think about doing any of that. He straight up walked over to her and hugged her. Harder than he has ever hugged his own mother. So, he
Dean noticed a small figure hovering around the corner. Her hair was like a flaming fire, almost as red as Jo's face. She held her gloved hands at her mouth, not sure if she should go comfort Jo or let the family have their time. Jo had told him about this new girlfriend she had made a few weeks ago, but hadn't had the chance to introduce them both yet. Dean was hoping to meet her on Christmas, definitely not in a hospital lobby.
"Sammy!" Dean walked over to the gate of the airport on spotting a tall guy with his brunette girlfriend.
A big guy was pressing against Dean with his back. Dean's shoulder was squashed to the locker. He was sure his bones were going to break. The metal hurt, but Dean couldn't exactly complain. The guy had nowhere to move. Another girl was behind him, crushed between the guy's back and her friend on the other side. The two girls had their hands clutched together, their heels clanking as they tried to push forward. The big guy refused to budge and instead was shouting about how he had a string of people in front of him. The girls kept shouting back. It was a circus.
While John's visits became less, Dean's had grown over the past years. When Mary had first died, he had refused to even look at her. He only knew one thing - his Mom was gone and there was no way he'd feel close to her again. He didn't know back then how death worked, but he understood that the person buried in a box under the ground wasn't his Mom.
They silently ate their lunch after that, Dean lost in his own thoughts. The bell soon rang and they both groaned at the thought of going back to classes.
So he simply drove around, not knowing what to do or where to go. If Cas was indeed here, how the hell was he supposed to find him? Could angels and humans even meet in heaven? And why hasn't Cas come to him yet? Especially after what he told Dean the last time they met.
The Empty walked in lazy strides across the room. "I could have taken you in me. Let you sleep peacefully. I mean, not
Dean had never really liked those corny romance movies, but in that moment, he realized that they had gotten something right. There was a magic to those words. Just hearing them, made him feel like he could conquer the world.
"Dean." Something in her voice grabbed Dean by the hair and yanked him back to the time he was standing at the airport, bags in his hand, the final call blaring ears and Sammy murmuring a teary "Dean." There was nothing similar about those voices, except the despair in them.
"Can you blame him though?  Anyways, gotta go." Charlie checked her watch. "Promised Jo I'd bring her lunch at work." She planted a kiss on Dean's cheek and waved goodbye to Cas who waved back enthusiastically.
When Cas told him with a very bitter tone that he had a visitor, Dean got scared that it was John. Why else would Cas look so annoyed? There was no one else he hated that much except-
Lisa didn't get Dean kicked out from his house, Benny did. Lisa didn't make Dean leave a home, Cas did.
Dean cleared his throat and continued. "I am fine now, Mom. I promise you, I am fine. Those thoughts, those feelings, I have learned to push them down. Those aren't real anyway. None of it was real. It was.." Dean closed his eyes and let the wind caress his face. He let out a deep breath. "There's no other way, is it?"
Dean grabbed Cas' neck to pull him in closer, their tongues colliding. He tasted like cinnamon and coffee. Dean sucked harder. Cas' index finger was hooked around the belt of Dean's belt. It was strong enough to keep Dean still as he let Cas devour him. Dean wanted everything of Cas. He wanted to kiss his neck, caress his chest, run his fingers through his back, take everything till the only thing that remained of Cas was Dean. But he was going to wait. He kissed Cas until the coffee and cinnamon disappeared.
of his could be cured, Dean was gonna take it. It had already ruined too many lives, and if Dean wasn't careful with his inflictions, it will end up ruining ruin Cas' too.
That night, Ellen invited both of them to dinner at her home. It was supposed to be Dean's farewell party. Jo had complained to him how she could smell pie being baked all day but her Mom won't let her touch it. Apparently, everything being cooked was supposed to be Dean's favourite. By the time they reached the house, his stomach was audibly grumbling.
"We will work it out." Dean said, his hands encompassing Cas' face. "We will take it slow, get to know each other again."
"Why, afraid she'll realize the real deal's with the big brother?" Dean winked at Eileen, making her giggle. Eileen had known him long enough to not take him seriously.
"You can and you will, end of discussion." Bobby said firmly, clapping a hand on Dean's back. "And I will keep checking in you from time to time. So don't even think about hiding anything from me or Ellen, got it?"
"Let me take care of that." Dean said, dropping to his knees. He reached for his zipper, but Cas held his wrist to stop him.
Dean chuckled uncomfortably. Cas was all over him. His essence was engulfing him and no matter how hard Dean tried to fight it, he was not gonna be able to escape this.
Dean shoved him lightly. "I think it's poetic. Bucky returning to his best friend after all these years." Dean looked at him. "Like the way you keep finding ways to keep coming back to me."
And then, the little distance they had between them was closed and the angel's lips were on top of the hunter's.  He released his wrist and their fingers interlocked. Dean didn't know what was happening. But he gave in so easily to his best friend.
So, over the years, Dean came to realize that his best friend wasn't as innocent as he looked. There was a devil beneath those angelic eyes. And Dean had it up to here with Cas' teasing. He wondered how long will it take him to finally snap and pin Cas against a wall and claim his lips.
He twisted the plier in the engine of the Toyota Corolla they were supposed to repair. He wasn't used to the engines of SUVs. He mostly worked on two seaters or  small hatchbacks. But he knew this one was an important client or more accurately, a rich client. Since John's  blood was too filled with alcohol for him to even open his eyes, it was on Dean to repair it.
"What's Claire got to do with it?" Dean had decided to not prob further into it, but his curiousity was getting better of him. "Look can you just- she's a troubled teen Cas, I need to know what sort of shit she's getting into-"
Dean fell silent. It all hit too close to home, but something always missed the mark. He had lost both his parents yet he was never allowed to grieve for either. He had no right to grieve for people he barely ever knew. When he spoke, it was in a single breath, quiet but firm. "I don't."
"You don't have to prove me anything Dean. Just because you can't say it, does not mean you have to show it."
"Brain strokes are more common than you think ma'am. We can't pinpoint the exact reason he got one, could be anything- too much stress or too much sugar, nothing we can determine. The good news," He emphasized as Ellen opened her mouth to speak something. "Is that we immediately administered him a drug that made sure the stroke wasn't fatal. It eliminated the clot from his brain, so he won't be requiring surgery. But we're gonna have to wait to see if any of the effects were permanent."
No.." Dean cleared his throat, trying to focus on the engine in front of him. "I barely noticed you standing here."
Chuck gave Sam and Dean a firm handshake and then pulled them in a hug. His hug with Sam was more uncomfortable, given their height difference, but Sam somehow adjusted him in. He then proceeded to shake Eileen's hand.
And he also had a problem, which he needed to solve very soon. He had dashed into the bunker leaving Sammy and Jack to park the Baby. Cas had already taken off to God knows where.  He ran to the bathroom.
"Yeah." Eileen said. "He's responding well to his physio and it will take some time to get him back on his feet, but the doctors are positive that his paralysis isn't going to be permanent."
"Cas, no. Your memory is alright. I was planning to go to Michigan but couldn't. My Dad died remember? I couldn't leave Sammy alone."
"Earlier me would have thought so, but I understand now what taking care of family means. It's not weak to make them your priority."
"Let's hope so." Rufus winked. At that moment, Dean realized Claire was right. The old man wasn't being subtle about it. He liked spending time with Dean even if it meant messing with his own car from time to time. Lately he had started shaking his head whenever Claire said something funny, while trying to hide his smile. Dean had heard him advising the teenager how important it was to apply to colleges. He had even promised her to write a recommendation letter.
Disgusted, Dean made his way to the garage. He was much luckier there. The lights were off , save for one small bulb and in the corner, huddled among himself with a bottle in his hand, John Winchester was passed out like a dead man.
"I was.. I know it was wrong of me to do that but you were my best friend." There was a tremor in Cas' voice. "You were supposed to understand and not fucking hate me for who I was even if you hated yourself."
"I asked, what did you say boy?" John Winchester asked with venom in his voice as he stepped inside, closing the door behind him.
"Yeah sure Dad." Jo said sarcastically. She stayed by the bed to tell him about the things happening outside and how they had celebrated or not celebrated Christmas. Dean loved her dedication to help her father recover.
. And he stopped at nothing to get him back. Every night, he got on his knees and prayed to Cas, to come back to him, to forgive him. He begged and begged, but the son of a bitch wouldn't listen. So Dean cried to himself every night.
"Look it's too much right now." Dean was this close to breaking down. Tears loomed on the ledge of his eyes. "With Dad gone and Sammy and the.. the goddamn scholarship. It's all too much."
Ellen had known Dean long enough to understand that there was no use in trying to convince him. "Well, in that case, I heard you quit your job at that Hellhole cafe-" There was a huge dramatic sigh from Jo. "Bobby's currently hiring. He pays by the hour." Ellen emphasized.
Their lips met, hungrily drinking each other. Castiel's lips were soft and hard at the same time and Dean had a hard time letting go. He wanted Cas, all of him. He wanted to consume the angel and let the angel consume him. They were together, they were happy, what could go wrong anymore-
Cas and Dean turned around at the small voice behind them. A little redheaded girl with eyes as blue her brother's was standing with an exasperated expression on her face.
Cas gently ran his fingers against his cheek, wiping a stray tear out of Dean's eye. "It doesn't get better than this for me." He whispered softly.
"Why not Sammy?" Dean got up. He looked at his little brother and spread his arms out. "What's the difference between us? He was a drunk, I am a drunk. He wasted his life away repairing cars, I wasted my life repairing cars. He was alone, I am alone." His love left him, just like mine did.
And then he started saying things about Dean which weren't true - most loving, caring, selfless man on the earth-
Dean had decided to take a break on that Sunday after many previous Sundays spent at the bar. He was beginning to understand why people with actual jobs loved staying at home so much. Dean was in solitude but he wasn't repulsed by his company. Maybe he no longer needed to fill the emptiness in his life with meaningless hookups and alcohol. Nevertheless, he switched on the TV to fill the silence. To stop his mind echoing with the
"Dean, earth!" Cas said. "I need to know why you are staying at your neighbors, who you've always hated for some reason, instead of your own home?"
"Hell I- I don't know what to say. This is all.." Dean was getting tired of the emotional revelations being dumped on him. First Cas, now Sam.
a better option." Dean observed truthfully. As long as no dating prospects for Cas. "And the free food samples."
"Hey!" Cas said indignantly, breaking his vow of silence. It was the first time Dean had heard him speak after their fight. "I have sat through all her stories of angels and demons and whatnots since she was a kid. I deserve some credit."
The next second, Sammy was getting up from his chair. He came by to Dean's side, bent down and gathered his brother in his large arms. "I'm so so proud of you, Dean. I know you can pull this off."
"Let's get you cleaned up. As much I like seeing you covered in my seed, it's gonna dry out soon and it's gonna be a..."
they have. Once, he even asked Dean if he could show him how sex works in his most innocent voice ever.
Dean instinctively took a step back, freeing himself of Cas' grip. Something had changed in a moment. He didn't want Cas to come any nearer. He needed to be as far away as possible. "What the fuck are you talking about?"
"Gabe." Chuck reprimanded his son gently, but a smile was playing on his face. Dean noticed how utterly okay he seemed with everyone talking about his son's boyfriend. He couldn't help but feel a pang in his heart.
"You are always enough babe." Dean glanced sideways just in time to look at the blush creep up on Cas' cheeks. He stifled a smile.
make my heart warm, Eileen." Dean signed, smiling. He had started learning bits of ASL ever since he had met Eileen. She had told him there was no need to do that, but Dean had insisted.
"Of course not." Jo rolled her eyes, wrapping  her arms around him again, this time a lot more gently.
Now that he was fully awake, Dean could see flashes from last night. He remembered smoking. Yes, he had smoked, hence why his lungs still felt heavy. He had smokes with...Sam? Why was Sam smoking? Dean didn't know his little brother smoked. Dean could feel his feet walking in the snow, his coat wrapped around him tightly. It was cold. Why hadn't he taken Baby? He remembered dancing with someone. He could feel their hands travelling all over his body. Had he slept with someone last night? Was he in a stranger's home? Then why didn't the home feel strange?
For some time, Dean remained pissed at Bobby for turning his Dad away. What were they supposed to do? Live at their neighbor's forever? Will Bobby and Ellen pag for Dean and Sam's college tuition? But he kept quiet. He had no right to be angry at a man who had provided shelter to them without blinking. And besides, Bobby wasn't even wrong in turning away John. Dean was scared as shit to go back to his home.
"Actually El-" Dean said, sweat forming at his temple. It was now or never. "There's something I have been meaning to talk to you about since a few days."
"You gonna be the protective bad boy, Deano? Punching guys around who make jokes on your girlfriend?" Balthazar asked in his stupid accent. He and Cas had become friends since the moment he came here as a freshman. Dean hated him the most out of all of them.
John Winchester was going to be buried beside Mary Winchester. It was only fair- husband should be buried near his wife. Just like Sam would be buried with Jess maybe. Dean wondered who his grave-partner would be. Will Lisa be there with him when they were both old and disgusting? Or maybe an early death would do Dean just like it did his parents. Will Cas visit his grave? Regret not making up to his once best friend? Maybe he will visit with his girlfriend, Meg most probably. Meg will mourn Lisa while Cas mourns Dean. Or Cas would just spit at his grave.
Dean's first reaction was to look at the sheet underneath his blanket. He snuck his head inside and patted his hand on the mattress. There was nothing sticky lying around anywhere. He brought his hand near his crotch and felt around. He was wearing his jeans.
"Are you sure it doesn't hurt, Dean? Because I got carried away sometimes and then I just want to claim you, to make you mine and you're so gentle with me-"
"Listen I really am sorry, it's just that I'm always at the road and you-" Dean said, buttoning his shirt.
School had been hell that day. Too exhausted to deal with Lisa and their fight from yesterday, he had steered cleared of her the whole day. Whenever she spotted him, he simply turned the other way. She had managed to corner him one time when he was on his way to the washroom and to Dean's surprise, she apologized.
"Of your picture perfect family. My Mom was dead. My father refused to even look at my baby brother. And then you guys move in, with the perfect look of an American family and it was too.. painful."
"Military school let you off?" Dean asked as they both sat down. He called the bartender to bring them shots.
"No." Dean said, faking a laugh like Mr. Turner was ridiculous for even suggesting that Cas wasn't behaving normal. He handed a milk carton to the cashier. "He's just.. he's a little socially inept as you know." Dean grabbed both of Cas' arms and spun him around towards the counter. He added in a sweet voice, "Billing's this side, remember Cas
And then there was nothing. Only a black mass, coming close to him, engulfing him. He doesn't see Dean anymore, but it's okay. He closes his eyes.
His best friend came to join him at the next stop, followed by his brothers and sister. Dean beamed at him. They had met all summer, almost every day, and yet Dean never got tired of him. He was the only thing he looked forward to during the holidays and the only thing he looks forward to during school.
All he could think about was the the look of absolute disgust on Cas' face when he walked out. Disgust for Dean.
"I don't know." Ellen said, shaking in his arms. "We were sitting and he just started.." She sniffed loudly.
Anna tore at her hair melodramatically. Dean shoved an elbow into Cas' ribs and took out an old, mouldy note from his pocket. "Here." He said, offering to Anna.
"Fucking.., fuck all of you." Cas was so fast that he felt like a whoosh of air when he got up and past Dean amidst the howling laughter of his friends.
Sam flinched at the bitterness in Dean's voice, but he kept a cool tone while asking, "What was I supposed to do?"
"I don't give a crap about your emotions, Sam. I'm talking other things- calls, messages, anything. The first night I called you and that was it. No other word from you."
Dean cowered and closed his eyes. John was right. There was no explanation, no apologies. He was.. he was a disgrace. His Dad had every right to be angry.
"Because-" Cas slapped a hand on his forehead. "I will always be scared of hurting you, doing the wrong thing, saying the wrong thing. And you think that that's
He wiped his eyes and got off the bed. He should go and apologize to Dean. Just because Dean kept pushing him away, doesn't mean Cas should too. Someone should hold them together.
Ever since his loan had been approved and he was able to seal the deal with Ellen and Bobby, Dean barely got any time to breathe. He spent all his time in finding ways to fix the bar in any way he could. He fixed the leaks in the washrooms, redid the entire logo and made sure there weren't any open tabs of more than 100 dollars. He will have to start hiring more people soon. He was thinking about making it a 24×7. But not so soon. He wasn't gonna soar too high. One step at a time. According to Dean's calculations, it would take him a few months to start turning some profit. And he didn't want to waste any second in getting there.
"I know, baby, I know. I am just so tired all the time. Just a few more days and when your brother will be out of me, I promise I will make you pie and cookies."
"Missed opportunity." Cas said, examining his nails. He wasn't looking at Dean. "But I didn't come here for him."
"Dean they're the government. Putting a child in a foster care or group homes require more paperwork than putting them up with a relative or in this case, a sibling."
Lisa took his face in her hands, bringing their foreheads together. "If it makes you feel better, I know I peaked at you."
Maybe he should ask Cas all that. Make conversation. They were stuck there, might as well make use of it. Besides, Dean was gonna leave anyway. Even if he screwed this up somehow, he wouldn't have to face any of his shame again.
Cas hadn't shown up to prom. Whatever he was up to was clearly not as important as the most rememberable event of their lives, as Lisa had termed it. Dean was disappointed because he wanted to see how Cas would look in a tux. Cas usually was very messy with his clothes and seeing him clean up would have made Dean laugh. No other reason.
He looked around at his room. Some old, torn posters of his favourite bands like Led Zeppelin and Linkin Park hung on the wall. His sheets were rumpled. There was a stain on his bedsheet that he couldn't recall for the life of him. His books were kept( thrown messily on top of each other) in a corner of his room. Dean checked his watch. It was 4 pm already and Benny could be here any minute. He paced around nervously. No one other than Cas had ever been here.
was still here, standing in the doorway, smiling at him. Dean was twelve again. There was no other explanation for it. Or was it a dream? A forbidden, unprompted dream that only came to Dean on the darkest of nights.
"My Dad, he has another wife and kid. He left us for them. But Ash, he has always been nice to us, to me."
It felt like stars exploding in Dean's mouth. Their lips were barely together and yet Dean felt attached to them like a magnet to iron. Like a moth to a lamp. The kiss with Benny was nothing compared to this. Castiel felt warm. Castiel felt right. Castiel felt home.
"There was an accident, Dean. It wasn't..it wasn't nobody's fault. Just wrong timing.. had been drinking a lot and maybe he didn't see..and then-"
It had been barely a minute after Benny left than Sam came in. "Was that Benny Latiffe I saw outside?"
Dean had expected Sam and Eileen to sleep the whole day, given their massive hangover but as usual they were awake before him.
Cas put a hand against the wall to brace himself & then he gently entered Dean. With all his manhandling and roughness in bed, Cas was gentle while entering Dean. He was always too scared to hurt him.
"Oh it's almost done." A British accent said cheerfully. Mick got up from his knees. He walked towards Dean. "I don't think we have been properly introduced. I am Mick Davies."
The Roadhouse was filled with slackers during the day as usual. Middle aged unemployed men and women who had also been unlucky in love. While working behind the counter, Dean sometimes wondered if that would be his fate too eventually. What would Cas think when he came here with a husband (Mick probably) and rich friends to unload after a long day of work and saw his best friend passed out in the corner in a pool of his own vomit with no one to take him home? Will Cas take him or will he leave him there because he would be too embarassed about that? Or he simply wouldn't care. Or he would want to, but Mick wouldn't let him.
"He suffered from a brain stroke." He said patiently. "Nothing too severe. But it could be permanent. Or not, depending on his recovery rate."
They stayed quiet for a while, only opening their mouths to take a drag. Dean realized this was the most brotherly thing they had done in years. They knew too little about each other. They had both battled with the very disease that took their father and they didn't know. As a kid, Sammy's safety and happiness were the only things that had mattered to Dean, and now that his brother had it, Dean wasn't there to share it with him. Who had pushed the other away? Or was it just too much to look the other in the eye after all they had bene through?
"You don't know that." Dean said, again unable to form a coherent thought, because he was very well aware of where the angel's hand was moving up to.
Dean looked around the bar and noticed a couple women checking him out. They were hot with their short skirts and their low cut tops. Should he go over and say hi? Or invite them over to have drinks with him and Benny? Like a double date thing. He usually just came in the bar, drank one or two glasses and then left. He had never considered casual hookups. He could easily find a girl to sleep with tonight and the self hatred boiling under his skin at the look of Benny would just go away. His old wound would stop throbbing.
As he had predicted, the corners of her nose flared in silent annoyance at the mention of her best friend. It had always been obvious Meg hated Dean going out with Lisa. It was something Dean had never understood. He treated Lisa well (or at least he tried to, as much as he can), he didn't drink or smoke, he even talked to Sammy in school from time to time because he knew girls loved it when boys are good with kids. None of it had managed to impress Meg Masters.
Cas closed his eyes. He would ignore it. Turn off his angel radio in times like these. He didn't need Dean's emotions merging into his.
"You think it was easy for me?" Cas said while assaulting Dean's lips with his own. "Having you in my arms last night but not being able to take you apart?"
Garth hooted and Balthazar and Raphael followed his lead. Cas rolled his eyes, feigning detachment from the situation, but his cheeks were bright red. Dean couldn't bring himself to look away.
Dean froze. He has never heard Sammy so scared before. Did John do something to him? Did he take Dean's anger out on his little brother? He wasn't home when Dean had left. They had assumed he was still in the garage. "Sammy, are you okay? What happened?"
"That would work seeing as the nurses are way underpaid here." Cas said. Unlike Charlie, Dean didn't respond with a laugh. He can be as petty as Cas.
"Stuttering and all.. I can't wait to show you off to my friends, you're so cute." Her fingers reached Dean's chest, playing with his buttons.
"So I can show him anything I want. But if you start doing that with a girl, means you are falling in love." Dean loved teasing his brother. His little nose scrunched up whenever he got angry and Dean found that adorable.
"Well, family can abandon you or hate you your whole life and yet you can't stop caring for those sons of bitches."
"It's okay Sammy." Dean put his hand on Sam's shoulder and squeezed it gently. "You got a busy life, you don't have to bend over backwards to include me in it. I'm serious."
"Nah, leave it. You provide a better headrest than the couch." Dean shifted himself a little closer to Cas.
"Yes. Yes." Cas mumbled to himself. His blue eyes were wide with terror and he was silently pleading Dean to do something.
"Look one of your kid thought running away from this family will be enough to forget about her and then uprooted his life to cry about her. The other ruined his whole life for a mother he never had. Where is he Dad? Where is Michael? Why wasn't he at the funeral to mourn his precious Mommy?"
"I don't hate you, Dean. I can never hate you." Cas' voice was a lot closer now. Dean wanted him to touch him, to comfort him in his arms.. but this was supposed to be
"Listen I stayed up whole night yesterday to study for the exam today, you know, how science sucks ass. I am really tired, Cas." Dean faked a yawn, which was a real useless thing to do. The pity in Cas' eyes was already there.
"I haven't seen Dad drunk since the last few weeks. He usually comes home in time for dinner. And once, he even smiled at Sammy when he did something stupid. Maybe he's.. maybe he's sobering up. And.. you know.. maybe he's finally letting Mom go."
"Around midnight I think, you were almost passed out from drinking and some guy you were dancing with had started, um, feeling you up and it didn't look consensual. Definitely not in the state you were in."
Dean didn't realize when he had gotten up on his feet. "I don't have to justify myself to a guy who abandoned his family for twelve years."
Dean's head was down on the table in the science class. He had decided to rebel in his own way. If Mr. Turner wasn't going to let him sit with his best friend, he wasn't going to pay attention in his class either. Thankfully, the teacher was ignoring him too.
Bobby raised an eyebrow at him, while Ellen said, "You're not going anywhere kiddo. Drill that inside your skull."
"Dean?" Hearing his name from the deep, sombre voice pulled Dean out of his stupor. He turned around to see Cas standing in his white coat, his head tilted in confusion. Dean immediately released Mick.
Dean was glad that he'd done it at a crowded restaurant with people chattering in the background of clashing of forks and knives rather than at home because he wouldn't have been able to stand the sound of his words echoing in silence.
Dean gave him one last look- to drink in those features for the last time probably, and without a word, moved.
Dean realized with a pang that Sam doesn't know yet. There is some reality still being nourished in that innocent mind where Dean has a chance at college. That Dean is happy.
"For the sake of heaven, Dean, you're not imposing." Jo finally said, with the same fire in her eyes. Dean sighed. There was no use arguing her.
friends with him? Will he be able to undergo the same heartbreak, the same realization that Cas will never want him the way Dean wants him?
"Can you stop apologizing for a damn second?" Dean said, keeping his burger down. "I don't wanna get into that because it involves gloomy details which doesn't exactly make for lunch conversations."
Dean kept looking out of his window day and night, praying that Caa wouldn't go to his home to ask about him. If John sees him there, he will lose it again. And what if.. what if he says something in his anger? How will Cas react if he finds out what his best friend is? Or does he already know? Is that the reason he hadn't come to visit him?
He loved Lisa. But in times like these, all she did was infuriate him. Her constant badgering about him working so much, spending very less and trying to take care of his family pissed him off to no end. It wasn't exactly her fault. They were just born and raised differently.
"I don't know Dean, maybe you can start with what the hell did you do so wrong to make your Dad throw you out of your own house?"
He grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, and even though Benny was an inch taller than him, Dean pulled him closer, threat looming in his eyes. "What the
Dean's feelings confirmed for a second time. Because there was no way any demon could make..this. They could put a fake Bobby, a fake Impala,
"Yeah." Jo shrugged. "Girls in school would talk about banging this guy and that, and I never really felt it. And I guess gym showers helped."
"You..you completely ghosted me the last week. I went to your house one day after school, but it was locked. I decided to come on a different day and time, but saw your Dad passed out on the porch. I ran away. No one picked up the calls at your home. I confronted Sammy at school but his lips were sealed, like he
Dean jumped so high at the sound of his name, almost crashing his head into the bartender's nose. Thankfully, he had pulled his head back, just in time.
"Garth too. He can't shut up in gym class, but in front of Mr. Turner? His mouth is sewn. Such a wuss."
"Or you can steal Gabe's porno magazines. You have that option, at least. Unlike some of us who have to rely on imagination."
"Everyone here has already started doing it. I heard Garth and others talking about it in the locker room."
"Don't worry about it." Jo said pointing to her father as Dean was looking at him with concern. "Doctors said it would take him a while to get to swallow again properly. He would just have to practice."
Dean was sure he had imagined the patience in the blue eyes replaced by something harder, something more sinister, because it was only there for a moment. "Benny Lafitte?" Cas simply said, none of Dean's imagined malice making it to his voice.
"The day you hear any of us appreciating each other is the day this world will end." Gabriel said to Dean.
"What?" Dean said numbly, his mind not registering what his brother has said. There was just one passenger in front of him. He was this close.
The answers could wait for tomorrow, Dean told himself. Right now, the only thing that mattered was the blue eyed boy in his arms.
"What's that?" Dean asked, smacking his lips with his tongue, tasting the last drops of the coffee there.
"People are dying, Dean." Cas looked at him with the most innocent eyes ever. "And you want to jerk off?"
The voice behind him was so quiet that for a second, Dean was sure he had conjured it out of his imagination. A sick fantasy. A relentless dream.
Cas paced back a few steps to stand in front of Dean. He regarded him curiously. "Moved here a month back."
"It is my job as a responsible big brother to give advice to my little brother's friends." Gabe stepped inside the room.
"I am in love with you." The words were out of Dean's mouth before either of them could stop it. "I have been, since a long time, and I am ready to say it now." Dean grinned. Purgatory had made him free, it had always managed to strip him to his raw emotions. And being in love with Cas was the purest thing Dean knew. "Do you hear me Cas? I am freaking in
Their eyes locked on each other. The words were on Dean's tongue, but his lips wouldn't open. He wanted to say everything, to wrap himself up with Cas and cry for hours. He wished he lived in a world where two boy kissing was not worse than murder or arson, but he didn't. What he had done would make even Castiel hate him. He kept quiet.
This one was the loudest and the most passionate one yet. Cas knew every aspect of Dean. This was him finally letting go. This was his voice riding high in his orgasm.
that ended the legacy of Dean Winchester. Cas felt nothing that day. He never feels anything anymore.
Dean looked around, embarassed. Some were pointing at him and whispering. He felt tears fill up his eyes as he heard the older guys laugh behind his back and the boy's angry gaze pierced through him. Wiping his eyes roughly to stop the tears from falling out, Dean ran away.
When Sam left, Cas came. He had come to ask Dean for help, not realising how much he was helping Dean by just being there with him. As he laughed outside the whorehouse at Cas' first experience with a prostitute, he saw Cas smiling at him. In that moment, he felt his anger over his brother fading. In a way, he was starting to understand him.
"N.. nothing I just- I-" Dean muttered, his eyes examining the floor. He refused to look. "Lisa.. she's out in her room.. thought you could check on her every once in a while."
the option of leaving. They have their relatives and friends, but the thought of leaving their parents? Never. You, on the other hand, you left. And I respect you for that."
"As you say, babe." Cas grabbed Dean's hair to turn his face around and kissed him hard on the lips, as his hand picked up the pace again. His other hand reached under Dean's shirt and rubbed a nipple.
"It is very common in patients of paralysis or other illnesses that make them physically incapable to want to give up on life. Hell, half the strokes are caused by stress. But at his age, recovery is not going to be hard. He only has to
"You think I don't appreciate you?" Dean said, on between kisses. "You don't know how grateful I am for these lips. Because they fit perfectly in mine." Cas moaned into Dean's mouth at those words.
Dean took a deep breath to calm himself down. He didn't want to get into it with Cas. Ruin everything all over again. If Cas didn't want anything to do with him, he won't. Dean didn't get to decide when to walk into his life and when to abandon him like he was nothing. "Do you want something else?"
Dean shook his head. "Stop. Just fucking - we aren't- we aren't good for each other. We get obsessed. We wreck everything."
They stood side by side, hands in their pockets, staring at the graves of Dean's parents. It was weird how Dean had pined over Cas for years, waited for him to say one
Cas stared at Dean like he had just seen a ghost. They had seen all kinds of monsters in purgatory and yet, Dean's love was the thing that shocked him the most?
At some point in their conversation, the three of them couldn't stop laughing even though they knew all the sophisticated, rich folk were eyeing them with disgust. A month ago, Dean would've been ashamed to come to a costly restaurant with his brother, where he obviously didn't belong. But now, things were different. Sam having more money didn't make him want to disappear in his own skin. After all, he had given up everything to get Sam to where he is now, and he was fucking proud of him.
"Here, of course." Dean pointed towards his bed and threw his own book on it. "I don't have any chairs or couch in here."
Ash Lindberg regarded him curiously. His face broke into a grin and he turned to Michael. "This the freeloader?"
"Hey come on, he will be okay." Dean said after a while. He felt stupid, sitting there without a word, while Jo sobbed beside him.
Dean had thought it would get better eventually, that somehow he would get used to the hollow eyes of the doctors and the screaming patients and the praying families. But it didn't. The hospital was as triggering as the first day he had been here. He stayed for as little as possible, and sometimes he wondered whether he was just filing his attendance everyday. He sometimes felt out of place. Did Bobby even consider him enough family to have him visit his sickbed every day? Would he be comfortable enough to have Dean watch the nurses change his bedpan? There was nothing to worry about, Dean told himself. He considered Bobby a father, wouldn't Bobby look at him the same way? Eighteen years should've taught Dean that.
"Okay good. So it's just me now standing in my office, waiting for madame boss to close the distance between us and her heels are clicking and then she's almost near the door, and right there our eyes meet."
"Hey, hey." Dean whispered, taking Benny's face in his hands and forcing him to look at him. "None of this was your fault, all right? Fuck my Dad and fuck your Dad.
Even though Dean had been annoyed at everyone getting angry at his behalf, Cas' anger had the opposite effect on him. He knew he deserved this anger. He deserved to have Cas' fire light up for him.
"That it's none of your business." Rufus Turner had done for Dean more than his own Dad ever did, which wasn't much, but it still meant a lot to him, considering how most adults didn't give a shit about kids that weren't theirs. He had believed in Dean, even after Dean had informed him about not going to college. He never once gave him shit about it. He just came to visit him once in a while at the shop or his home to check on how he was doing.
"For real." Jo said matter-of-factly. "It's a good thing I have Charlie, cause otherwise, I would've been hella jealous."
"I wish. My folks got me registered in a military school. America's calling me yayy!" Dean didn't miss the sarcasm dripping from Benny's voice in the last sentence.
"That's not true.." Cas' words were cut off as Dean pulled him close to kiss him. He sucked on his lips hopelessly.
"Come on." Dean ran over to Sam and grabbed his right hand, making the spoon fall to the floor with a loud clang.
The silence that followed was pronounceable. For the first time, Dean had seen the Novak family so quiet.
Dean considered. "You're right. Maybe we should run away to another city, they won't be able to find us there."
Oday he saw a loaded car pull up into their old neighbor's house. A small family stepped out - a father, a mother and a little girl. The girl was blonde while her mother brunette. The father wore a cap. He had thick beard. They started unloading their car to get stuff into their new house. The girl pranced up and down the porch happily.
Cas' hand snaked through his stomach making the other man hitch his breath.  "So what's the problem with your girl today?"
Dean looked back at Lisa who was smiling softly seeing him struggle with his buttons. He knew she found him adorable, like a puppy. Dean had lost his virginity to her two years ago.
"You know Castiel?" The name on her mouth wasn't awash in contempt. It was said in a careful, calculated way, like Dean had pried on something Claire wasn't ready to open up on.
Dean stayed quiet during dinner. He wasn't in the mood for eating anything, but Eileen had prepared some of her family's traditional dish and Dean didn't want to break her heart. Besides, it was delicious. Eating never hurt anyone.
"Thanks a lot." Mick said to Dean, throwing his napkin on the table and following his boyfriend out of the house.
Cas kept looking at him for a few moments, which made Dean really uncomfortable. After a while, Cas brought one of his legs up on the bed and laid back, just like Dean.
"And I thought millennials were the one with the corporate's conspiracy theories." Claire chimed in from inside the shop.
John glared at him. Dean knew he wouldn't hesitate to hit him again like that night. He was ready. He balled his hands into fists to throw back with equal vigour. He wasn't gonna let his Dad win this time. Or ever again. The punch never came. Instead, John flashed his yellow teeth to Dean. "Spoken like a true man."
, Castiel. I am gonna keep you awake, on this earth, with your favourite boy. But no one will see you or hear you. You see, this way, you can not only dream of all your regrets, you can live them." The Empty gave him a menacing smile. "You are gonna be nothing but empty."
"I am so sorry, Dean. I hope I am not disturbing you?" The hand was relentless now, refusing to give Dean a break.
"Dude." Dean sat down beside his friend. "He's a teacher. He knows everything about everyone I'm sure. Remember when Mr. Jackson walked into the locker room when Garth and his friends were comparing dick sizes? He gave the biggest eyeroll, muttered something like '
" Dean wanted to laugh everytime he looked at it. John Winchester was anything but proud of his sons.
His voice was mingled with the redhead's much angrier one. "How about you keep the innocent people out of this shit?"
"I hope so, Dean. You and Sammy deserve better." Cas said, squeezing his hand. Dean had expected Cas to reject his excitement, to laugh at his hope, but he was just holding his hand, praying with him for the same thing.
"Just filling in for a friend." Dean said, slightly leaning towards the girl as he filled the glass.
"Fine, that's on me. But why did you set the redhead on me if you were going to be so jealous later?"
"Just a few more minutes, Dean. And you are gonna have a brother." John said, rubbing his shoulder excitedly as they both waited outside the room his Mom was in.
"She said she's hosting a party at her house today. The after exam sorts. You know, the one Dad warned us about. Or, uh,
Dean sometimes passed from in front of his house, wondering how his Dad would react if he went inside. When he saw the lights inside, it assured him that his Dad was at least home. That he hadn't bailed out and ran away to some far off land. Sometimes, he'd find the house in total darkness, even in the evening, and dread filled him. What if John didn't make home that day? What if he had an accident and was now lying alone in a ditch somewhere, in desperate need of help? Dean was always too afraid to find out the answer. So he'd just run away, back to the safety of Cas' home.
"Well, I am a quiet person now. Seriously," Cas continued indignantly as Dean guffawed. "I'm all somber and staunch and everything a doctor needs to be. And I certainly do not like making sexual innuendos."
"I'm really glad you decided to help them out. This is gonna be so good for you." Eileen reached across the table to squeeze Dean's hand in support. Dean could feel warmth filling him in.
"I'll leave you two to it then." Jo said, pretending to look at them shrewdly. Dean rolled his eyes at her. She smiled and left.
"You talk to him a lot. You would have told him." Something had changed in his voice. There was a hint of bitterness in it. It's been a month since Mr. Turner had made Benny sit with him and Dean had started liking him more and more. They spent their entire class talking and somehow their teacher had failed to notice. Maybe because, unlike Cas, Benny actually knew how to talk without getting caught.
"You haven't talked to me since a week. Your face falls everytime I open my mouth. This may sound like some teen drama to you, but as someone whose parents didn't want her, you start noticing the little things. And those little things hurt."
Dean trusts him. He cannot break that. Cas ruffled his feathers to fly out, but at the last second, he heard it again. "
"Dad," Dean started, not stepping inside yet. He wanted to be sure that he was welcome.  "Whatever happened, it.. it won't happen again, I promise. It was just a.. I got carried away. I swear that isn't who I am." Maybe if he says it enough times.
They finally checked into a motel. Dean entered the room fuming. He hasn't said a word to Cas during the whole hunt and he knew that Cas was more than enjoying himself.
wished he could see his parents once again, but at the same time, he wasn't surprised to hear that they never made it into heaven. He figured he will have to let them go eventually.
He laced his voice with as much hate as he could muster. "You're right, Cas. You are totally right. This thing.. this
"Dad wants you.. you and Sam and his partner- Eileen, right? - to join us for the Christmas dinner."
"What are you talking about? I never.. I would never reject you. I was the one who kissed you. You were all crying and stuff and we were so fucking close and somehow my lips found your lips-"
Dean Winchester hunted and killed his way all through purgatory. He killed first, thought later. The only times he hesitated were when he was convinced that the monster had some information about the angel.
Cas hesitated and looked away. His ears were red, the way all the Novak's did when they became shy. Dean had observed that during his long stay here. "I don't know how to say this, but do you sometimes feel different.. as if you don't want-"
No, he wasn't in a stranger's home. Dean could place the room now. It was a sore reminder of something he had dared to call his home once.
"I don't care." Sam said simply, his eyes challenging Dean to scold him further. He can take it. Dean broke their eye contact to look down at the table. Somewhere during their argument, Sam had removed his hand from his brother's arm.
He knew he couldn't just sit here the whole night with his brother. But he had nowhere to go. He wasn't in touch with
, he wanted to shout. He couldn't have been prouder of his little brother in that moment. Dean had raised him well, far away from the influence of John. "I am going now." Dean said, swallowing the lump that had risen in his throat.
He gave his son a tired look. "Nothing you need to worry about. Just make sure he doesn't cry. I am going to take a nap."
"Don't sweat about it. I know how people can be. Everyone around me went to college and got big jobs while I am here, working in the same shop since years. It's kinda embarassing, you know."
"That's what I expected of you. Cause unlike your brothers.." Chuck trailed off, picking up another drumstick from his plate.
Dean knew that Cas knew that he was watching him, because at that very moment, the little bastard stretched and loosened his tie. Dean smirked and cast his eyes at the book again, completely forgetting what he was reading before. Dean shook his head and cleared his throat, to make himself concentrate. He was not giving him what he wants, no way. The little bastard can strip every inch of his clothing in front of him and he will not bat an eye.
"It's already 9 am." Cas said in a bired voice, all sexiness gone. "And we still have two hours of drive to do."
The first time Dean Winchester saw him, he was scared for his life. The creature had burned Pam's eyes. He had put Bobby to sleep like it was nothing. When Dean had stabbed him, he only smiled menancingly. The angel telling Dean that he was the one who raised him from hell did nothing to slow down his heart. He was of course lying; he
"But Dean got too busy thirsting over Lisa Brayden to look at anyone else." Dean wanted to hug his brother at that time. He knew what Sam was saying wasn't true and sounded a bit heteronormative, but he was glad his brother was taking the heat of Dean and Cas' relationship.
"Sure." Dean took another step forward, closing all distance between them. "Or maybe I can just show you."
When Dean got down on his knees in purgatory, his mind took him back to all those years earlier, where he'd do this every night. This was second nature to him- kneeling and praying to Castiel. So he didn't hesitate. He blurted out everything- how sorry he was for treating Cas the way he did, how much he hated himself for it, how much Cas meant to him. He almost said the other words too, but he stopped himself. He wanted to see Cas' face when he said it.
The customer age group also had to change. If he needed money for the bar, he required kids fresh in college, with their parent's trust funds open for them to do anything with it. So he decided to arrange club nights on the weekend. Getting a cheap DJ wasn't hard. He decided to keep the entry fees low during the start, to get more people. He only had to work one weekend here, but if things don't start looking up for Bobby and Ellen, Dean might have to make the club night a thing every weekend. And eventually start increasing the entry fees.
