“Cas, you can’t just lay in bed all day; you’ve got to keep up your exercise.” Cas groans. “I know, it sucks, but that’s life on earth.”
“Well it’s pretty damn high, is all I’m saying,” Dean replies.
“Don’t gotta be scared,” Dean assures him but slips the gun underneath the seat anyway.
jealous,” Cas says in protest just before Dean grips his cock firmly, eliciting a loud moan. “Alright, maybe I’m a
“Yeah. I bet I’m as surprised as you are,” Dean says as he sets his glass down.
Suddenly, Cas feels his eyes burning. He tries to stop it, but then he's taking a deep, shuddering breath, and tears are rolling down his cheeks. Dean glances around the room. Nobody is looking and, he figures, its their last night together anyway, so he goes for it. Slowly, he takes Castiel's trembling hand, grasping it on the floor between them. Castiel wants to turn to Dean, to feel Dean's arms around him, those arms that are tattooed and cut up, stitched and bandaged, covered in scars Dean is deeply ashamed to show to the world. Cas would give anything to find solace in those arms, but he can't, not now, so he grips Dean's hand fiercely in return.
“I sorta need to use the bathroom,” Cas explains bashfully.
he murmurs again and again to the young woman, Tessa, who continues to reassure him that he has done everything he could have done.
As if on cue, a tall woman with dark skin and shiny black curls enters the room. She introduces herself as Dr. Martinez, the lead surgeon on Cash's case.
“Well, there’s this guy, a friend, that I met recently, and... I’ve
"Yes, Dean?" Cas replies, pulling back just enough to look up into Dean's eyes.
“What about demon possession? Does that actually happen?” Cas probes further, and Dean thinks he may hear a quaver in his voice. “My parents say it does.”
“Yeah, yeah, it’s fine, okay? No need to make such a big deal out of it,” Dean says a little more harshly than he should.
“Great,” she concludes, “now, would you mind removing your sweatshirt so I can take your blood pressure?”
"One foot in front of the other, Cas: that's how us humans do it. I know I have no right asking anything else of you ever, but I am anyway. Please do this for me. Just a few more steps every day, and we'll get to take you with us." Castiel nods gravely.
"I don't know where you got the idea that you can speak to your poor mother like that," Zachariah says, pouncing on Cas pinning him on the bed, his hands around his throat. Castiel begins to panic, but the words keep coming anyway.
"We weren't
“You know where to find me when you change your mind!” she calls after him shamelessly.
“It doesn’t look too bad, really,” he assures Cas, “just a small cut, not too deep. Head wounds always bleed like a motherfucker, though,” he remarks calmly. “I’ll put some stuff on it when we get back to the car. Just wanted to be sure you didn’t need stitches or something.
When their food arrives, Dean practically falls into it, comforting himself with a mouth full of fries.
TRIGGER WARNINGS for:
“Uh, hey Cas,” Sam says cheerily in an awkward attempt to sound casual when the brothers enter the motel room. Cas is freshly showered, wearing a pair of Dean’s pajama pants and the Led Zeppelin tee, which has become his favorite. Dean marvels at how nice Cas was able to make the room look in the brief time he and Sam had been out.
“Hunger isn’t an emotion, Dean,” Sam says with another roll of his eyes.
The following week passes rather uneventfully. Dean hears from Sam that the haunting has been handled, but he’s got a lead on a cursed object in John Day, Oregon, so he’ll be staying out east for a while longer if that’s alright. It is.
Finally alone, Castiel jams his earbuds into his ears, letting The Beatles commiserate with him.
“Yeah, people say a lot of meaningless shit, but sometimes that’s all we got,” Dean smiles sadly. “You ready to get up and drink your fancy-ass, hipster coffee.” Castiel nods, and Dean rises, helping him to his feet.
“I still feel like I’m suffocating, and there’s an electrical storm raging in my brain, but the Ativan helps,” Cas replies truthfully, sorry to crush any hope Dean had that he’d be better soon. “Thank you for that, Dean. Really.” Dean draws Cas to him again, nuzzling into his neck, and Cas reflects on how very grateful he is to have met Dean. Despite the raging shitstorm around them, the truth is that Castiel finally has what he has longed for the most in his young life: a person who truly cares about him, who thinks he’s great just the way he is. It doesn’t hurt that that person also happens to be devastatingly easy on the eyes.
“I would like to try,” Castiel says again, sounding more confident than he actually feels. At the very least, he thinks, it will be a good excuse to hang on to Dean for support. Really, though, he wants to prove to himself that he isn’t
“Oh,” she says, sounding surprised, “yes. We have actually been trying to contact your father, but we haven’t had any luck.”
“They’d
“Yeah? Sorry for what?” Dean murmurs into his pillow.
When Cas stands to use the restroom, Dean pulls the abandoned sketchbook a little closer. What Cas has drawn so far is amazing and, Dean realizes, Cas has done it all from memory. And the kid has probably looked at a photo of Robert Plant what? One? Two times, at most? Absentmindedly, Dean flips through a few pages. Paul McCartney, Paul McCartney, a bumblebee, Paul McCartney, and then Dean freezes. It's suddenly like he's looking in a mirror. It's him. Cas drew him, and it's fucking beautiful.
“Goddamn. I don’t doubt it. They give you lots of shit?” Dean asks.
"I can't, Sammy." Dean is hoarse, exhausted in body and soul.
“The angels…the other angels, Dean…They’re not happy…” Castiel sinks backwards once again, and Dean collapses, sitting on the edge of the bed next to him.
“Okay,” he says. “Okay, Dean; I trust you.” Cas reaches for the hem of his t-shirt, pulling it up over his head, wincing as he does. Though he remains clothed from the waist down, Cas feels stripped entirely bare as he turns to let Dean view his back. He can hear Dean let out a huff of air as he takes in the damage. Then, tremulously, Cas admits, “it was my uncle.”
“Ok,” Dean laughs. It’s cold out, but he really doesn’t feel it anyway with Cas’s extra warm body pressed up against him.
printed on it.
“Hey, don’t sweat it.”
"She was being a bitch," Dean says simply, and then he takes a deep breath. "Cas, you deserve to have friends who treat you good."
It is a beautiful day as the pair finally step out onto the beach again, breakfast finished. There are more people out now as the sun shines down, warming the sand on an otherwise chilly day. Cas is hesitant to initiate any contact with Dean now that there are people around; he doesn’t want to push Dean too far as this is all so new. To his surprise, Dean reaches for his hand anyway, and Cas can’t stop smiling.
find it hard to believe you've ever struggled to make friends. I mean, I've always been a loner. I have a hard time talking to most people, but you... you seem so confident."
Dean looks down at Cas just going to town on him. Big friggin’ mistake! The visual is almost too much, almost enough to make him come instantly.
“Awesome,” Dean replies lamely for lack of any better words.
asking:
The nurse eyes him skeptically. "Please, have a seat here, we'll keep you updated, and we'll need to ask you a few more questions." Dean nods and sits, sighing audibly and burying his face in his hands for a moment. Soon, he is taken to a small room with a couple chairs. He sits and a woman in a light blue button down shirt and black slacks sits opposite him. She peers at him over dark-rimmed glasses. Normally he would smirk to himself about how much this resembles the lead in to a bad porno, but at the moment his mind is elsewhere.
“Yes, Dean, really,” Missouri nods, “any idea how we might get hold of him?” Dean groans. Of
“Dean!” He cries louder, rushing to his brother’s side. Still, Dean fails to stir. Sam switches on the lamp at the bedside, terrified of what it may illuminate. Dean is curled on his side, his skin gray, and his tee-shirt stained with blood and vomit. Sam screams his name, frantically shaking him, his mind paralyzed.
"Huh. Fun stuff." Cas shakes his head.
“I swear, I won’t,” he promises again, “thank you!”
“Sammy, I can’t even begin to thank you for what you did for me,” Dean murmurs, and Sam grips him even tighter.
looks a little lost, Dean smiles. "I'll guide you, angel," he laughs softly. Cas nods then, grinning, and soon feels Dean's fingers, slick with lube, gently entering him. Cas moans softly, resting his palms on Dean's chest, splaying his fingers as he closes his eyes, all of his attention drawn to Dean's touch. He is a little sore from the night before, but he doesn't care; he is impatient, eager to feel Dean deep inside him again. He focuses on relaxing his muscles, kissing Dean hungrily as Dean's fingers probe deeper, pressing in places that make his breath hitch and stars appear in his vision.
"Come on," Dean says more softly, holding out his hand, "please come talk to me."
After breakfast, Castiel has his group therapy meeting. He enters and takes his usual seat in the circle. Garth, the group counselor, greets the circle of teens with his usual sunny optimism, which Castiel usually finds grating so soon after waking up. Just as they are starting, there is a knock on the door, which subsequently opens, revealing Missouri’s apologetic face.
"I mean, like you said, he's probably just confused..." Dean recovers, relief flooding his body.
“And what
“Sammy,” Dean replies, putting an arm around him, “this is real important, okay? Wouldn’t ask you to do this if it wasn’t. ’S okay if you’re scared, but I’ll be right there with you.”  Cas’s heart aches for Sam, for the fear he can sense coming from the boy. He wishes he could tell Dean that Sam looks terrified, that it’s obvious Sam really doesn’t want to do it, but he feels it isn’t his place; and what if Dean’s right? What if they really are in danger? So Cas stays quiet, his inner conflict piling onto the anxiety he has already been harboring.
“Hiya,” Dean says with a grin, “oh, and Sam, the term is ‘boyfriend,’” he adds with a wink, causing Sam and Cas both to flush red. Dean laughs at the awkward silence he has created and pushes past Sam to the door.
“Curiosity.”
“Hello, Sam,” Castiel replies, equally awkward in his mannerisms.
“We, well, angels don’t.”
Castiel knew that sex is one more thing that humans have weaponized, in a way, anyway. Humans have an incredible ability to turn almost anything into another avenue for causing harm to one another, a fact that has always saddened Castiel. But now, now that his skin is
“Fuck,” Dean sighs. “Meg was still at the hospital when I left, so maybe she’s still there now. Guess there’s another shitty talk I have to have with Sammy...”
"I wish I was," Cas says, and the fear in his voice makes Dean's chest hurt.
like a psychopath, Dean thinks.
“Who would you like to call?”
can’t be right!” she exclaims.
“Well, as you intelligently pointed out yesterday, Cas is a dude,” Dean says sarcastically. And Sam throws him a bitch-face before replying.
“Forgive you?” Cas asks with a quavering voice.
The brothers lose track of time, drinking and conversing. Sam, for one, can’t believe his brother is actually opening up to him. Sure, the alcohol helps, but Sam has been around drunk-Dean enough times to know that that doesn’t mean he’s going to just start talking freely about his feelings. Likewise, the beer emboldens Sam’s line of questioning.
"Score one more for Dr. House," Dean mutters under his breath and Sam glares at him.
“That’s okay,” Dean tells him with a smile and a kiss, “I haven’t really either. Never sucked a dick before, I mean, but I like to think I know what giving good head should be like.” With this, Dean pushes himself up onto his hands and knees, ducking his head down to kiss Castiel again with feeling, sliding his tongue into Cas’s mouth, licking at the back of his throat, or at least that’s what it seems like he’s trying to do; he can’t get enough.
But he knows not to underestimate his own family; they've got the local law enforcement wrapped around their fingers, and more high power lawyers than they know what to do with. So Castiel lowers his head, taking a deep breath.
"I'll take a rain check," Cas dares to reply. Dean laughs.
"I don't know. He was gone for days and then suddenly he was on the bed in my motel room bleeding out. He said something about the 'other angels,' but said he didn't remember. Then he went unresponsive." Dean does the best he can to suppress the waver in his voice. "I don't know what to do, Sammy," Dean chokes, and it hits Sam like a punch to the gut. To hear his older brother sound so broken frightens Sam in a way. It just seems so wrong.
“Um. Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says somewhat awkwardly. “You are also adorable,” he returns, figuring it is only polite to return a compliment. And then Dean is laughing even harder, so hard there are tears in his eyes.
“Let’s start with something easier, perhaps,” Billie suggests, moving on from the question Dean was failing to answer. “How are you adjusting to being here?”
“I think you need your eyes checked,” Dean snorts, but he’s grinning again through his tears, and Cas laughs too. Dean scratches at his arm again.
as long as it was with Dean.
"Fine," Dean says after swallowing the enormous bite he'd taken. Sam looks surprised but pleased.
"Thanks," Cas manages with a weak smile.
“I told you, I’m
me that you will take these only as directed?” María asks sternly as she hands him the bottle. “You know I couldn’t live with myself if you were to… do something foolish.”
“Yeah,” Cas affirms softly, staring down at his feet.
“Cas, I think I need to get you to a hospital.”
“Dean, I don’t know what you’re talking about, this is nice,” Cas says, looking around as Dean helps him to the couch. Dean just shrugs it off, unable to accept that Cas actually thinks that.
“Sammy, I’ve seen them. I’ve been seeing them my whole life,” Dean reveals, clenching his jaw, willing the tears in his eyes not to fall. “A demon killed mom.” Sam is silent for a while, absorbing his older brother’s words, discomposed by the tear leaving a trail down Dean’s cheek.
“Doesn’t really matter; it’s all good,” Dean replies confidently.
-Fleetwood Mac
” Dean teases him, and Castiel blushes harder but laughs too. “Anyway, you know you’d be right to choose your happiness over the money. If I had to choose between having money or being with someone I love, I’d choose being with that person.”
“Oh, that’s a relief,” Cas sighs.
“My little brother. Wanna let him know I’m okay,” Dean says softly.
Castiel growls.
for him?” Meg asks mockingly, “barf!”
” Dean offers.
“So beautiful…” Cas starts and trails off.
Castiel groans, rolling over, but when the light hits his eyes, he groans even louder, pulling a pillow over his face. Dean adjusts the blinds to let in as little lights as possible, leaving only the small table lamp on. Then he grabs another glass of water and a couple more ibuprofen and, biting his lip, walks hesitantly over to Cas.
“Thank you,” Dean manages, “I’m sure it really will. Cas, you’re awesome, like
“Wh-what?” Dean says, not believing he heard it right. Castiel gazes at him unflinchingly.
Yeah. He had… And Dean had kissed him
“The piss bottle is over there,” Sam grumbles, making meaningful eye contact with Castiel. This only serves to heighten Cas’s alarm.
"Cas, it's the woman you were telling me about earlier. The one who was worried about you tying your shoes," Sam interjects. "The physical therapist gets you moving again, and the occupational therapist makes sure you know how to perform everyday activities like brushing your teeth and dressing yourself; It's not about an occupation."
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean says, wiping the sweat tenderly from Castiel’s skin. “Turn around,” he instructs next, “I want to put more stuff on your back. Hoping it’ll heal faster if we keep it clean and moist.” Cas nods.
"Castiel," she says without any acknowledgement that this is the first time she has seen him in around a week, "your father and I have decided that it would be for the best if you attend a program that your uncle has recommended to us. He assures us that it is very effective in correcting people with your…
"Do you know who patched him up?"
“Dean, I’m not upset about you being gay; that’s not the problem.”
“You don’t look like a mess to me,” Castiel says softly, afraid to look into Dean’s eyes as he does, “and I’m happy to listen.”
"I mean, with the other angels it was one stab with the angel blade and they're toast, just a dead, empty vessel," Sam says, mystified.
“Fine,” Dean says, “Cas will eat something ‘healthy’ tomorrow.”
"Dude," Meg says, shaking her head, "I think you're losing it." Dean glares at her, a white-hot pain developing behind his eyes. "I don't know anyone named 'Cas,'" she states calmly.
“Yeah, Sammy, I promise... I mean, at least about whatever you wanna say tonight,” Dean ribs, “can’t make any future promises.” Sam punches him lightly in the shoulder.
The sane ones usually steer clear..."
“I promise, everything is gonna be okay,” he says. He sounds more confident than he feels.
Once he's safely in bed, Castiel sobs into his pillow. He doesn't know when his father will arrive in the morning, and he is afraid he won't be allowed to say goodbye to Dean again in the morning. And then it occurs to him: What if his parents don't allow him to
With feeling. His heart races a little as he thinks about that. And Cas had clearly wanted to keep kissing him. Possibly more.
“She is,” Castiel confirms as Dean fixes him with a hard stare. Sara simply gives him another sidelong look before gathering her supplies and excusing herself from the room.
“Seriously, Cas, what do you think you’ve ever done to deserve that crap?” Dean asks, fixing him with a probing stare.
“Anael,” she says, sauntering over to his car and leaning suggestively against the hood as she takes a closer look at him. Dean gulps hard, trying even harder now
“I… uh, finished so fast,” Cas mumbles.
-The Who
"Dude! What are you doing?" Cas is back, tearing the book from Dean's hands. "I didn't say you could snoop through my stuff!" Cas is mortified. He can't believe Dean saw
“Sorry,” Castiel says softly, “I can… I can go if you want…” he offers. But Dean doesn’t reply right away, and Castiel is still frozen in the doorframe.
He quickly finds a little cafe, orders breakfast to go, and is fumbling with his keys at the door to their room in no time. He manages to enter without spilling coffee everywhere, and gets everything to the kitchen counter, an impressive feat with his injured hand. Cas is sleeping peacefully, his face more relaxed than it has been in a while, and Dean hesitates to wake him. Eventually though, he walks to the bed, coffee in hand, and sits gently on the edge, leaning over to kiss his sleeping angel. Cas inhales deeply as he wakes, registering Dean’s lips against his own. Without opening his eyes, he returns the kiss languidly.
“Huh?” Cas asks, looking up at Dean. After a minute or two, Dean looks back at him.
“You drew that?” an awed voice says from above Castiel’s right shoulder.
“I told you so,” Missouri says teasingly as she hands a surprised Dean the phone.
“I know dad hurts you, and when I tried to help, I just made it worse, and I’m really sorry I can’t help, but please…”
Suddenly Dean takes a deep breath and lets it back out, and before he knows it, he's turning to Cas with a broad smile across his face, and then he's laughing, laughing so hard there are tears in his eyes. Cas is startled at first, but the laughter is contagious, and soon they are laughing together, so hard at nothing. It is impossible to say who reached for whom first, but they are clinging to each other desperately before too long, reveling in the peace and comfort of each others' arms, delerious as the recent weeks' fears and pains fall away and each man is left with only this present moment of tranquility. Cas's hands are balled in the flannel shirt Dean is wearing beneath his jacket as Dean grasps the plush fabric at Cas's back. Cas leans into him, resting his forehead on Dean's shoulder. Dean reciprocates, leaning the side of his head into Cas's. Dean buries his nose in Cas's hair, inhaling deeply, savoring everything about this: Cas's scent, the light scratch of stubble against skin, the solidity of Cas's recovering body in his arms, the way Cas clings to him as if he is the only thing in the universe that means anything to him. And Dean can't remember the last time, if there ever was one, he let his gaurd down and let himself have something like this. Something tells him things won't be easy for him and Cas, because, are they ever? But he's damn sure gonna enjoy the hell out of this time while it lasts.
“Listen, Sammy, everything’s gonna work out, okay?”
want Cas, and even if Cas thinks he wants Dean now, he’d soon figure out Dean is no good in a relationship. Dean’s not the kind of guy you bring home to your parents. Well, Cas doesn’t have parents, but still, Dean is simply not “relationship material.” He screws up everything he touches. And Cas was a fucking, honest-to-god
“I will. I really appreciate that,” Dean says. “It’s nice seeing you again.”
“I dunno where he is, probably out drunk somewhere, but Sammy’s alone,” Dean says with tears in his eyes, “I gotta go take care of him!”
“You sure you don’t have dog treats in your pocket?” Dean laughs after the fourth dog insists on standing and licking Castiel’s hand, tail wagging.
“Together?” Sam says, eyebrows raised. “Like
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean breathes, kissing him deeply just in time to make an old trucker casually entering the restroom supremely uncomfortable.
“Thanks to you, I’m out of there though,” Cas replies with a shy smile. “I will always be grateful.” Unsure what to say, Dean returns Cas’s smile.
“I uh, gotta find a restroom,” Castiel speaks up suddenly, and Sam points him in the right direction.
“Sounds good,” Sam replies half-heartedly.
“Yeah, I promise,” Dean says with a smile before kissing Cas on the forehead, grabbing his keys, and heading for the door.
"Glad to hear that. Just can't help thinking about what Sam would say: that we're being reckless."
“I’ll explain later, just, c’mon, get in the bedroom,” Dean says with urgency, “watch the paint, and don’t disrupt the salt line.” Sam’s eyes are wide, but he obeys.
“Yeah, he’s cool. I mean, he likes to ‘party’ as he puts it, but he’d stand up for me when I was little and Michael and Anael would be harassing me. And he’s the only one who believes I didn’t
“I OD’ed on pills,” Dean says quickly and quietly. For a minute, Bobby sits in stunned silence on the other end of the line. “It was a mistake.”
But that just isn't gonna happen. As Zeppelin's tempo picks up, Cas can't help but think about Dean. Dean's probably a good kisser, not that Cas would know anything about that, but still... He wonders what it might be like, undressing each other in the backseat of Dean's car. Probably amazing, except, Cas figures, he'd probably ruin it somehow with his inexperience. Ugh. These thoughts chase themselves around Cas's head all the way through Led Zeppelin IV and half way through Sabbath's Greatest Hits before Cas finally falls asleep amid extreme sexual frustration.
“Don’t be rude!” Dean snaps, “and don’t take it off.” But Pam laughs.
“Yes. Okay. Thank you, Dean. That’s a relief,” Castiel replies, accepting the latte and burrito.
“You wanna talk about it?” Castiel asks.
“Yeah, yeah,
“Oh, okay,” Cas says, and Leah continues with his other vitals: blood-oxygen level, heart rate, respiration rate. When she gets to temperature, she looks at the readout and laughs.
“Really?”
“But-“ Sam began.
awesome.” This makes Cas stare at the floor again, cheeks bright red, biting his lip so his smile doesn’t get out of hand.
“Sammy, go inside,” John said icily.
“Cas, buddy, I have
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says softly, the sincerity in his voice sending warm tingles through Castiel’s body.
“Good,” Dean replies, still in disbelief that there’s actually an adult out there who seems to genuinely care about him. “I’m doin’ good.”
“Well, are you attracted to this friend?” Billie asks gently.
“Dunno,” Dean replies vexingly, “not really my problem.” Once again, Cas is struck by how beautiful those green eyes are when they flash up to arrest his gaze.
“He, uh, he told you that, did he?” Dean says, clearing his throat, trying to sound skeptical.
“Like you said, a really bad sunburn,” Cas sighs.
“You comfortable Cas?” Dean asks. Ever since Cas’s vessel became his body, he has become hypersensitive to the sensations most humans take little notice of. Certain types of fabric make him itch uncontrollably, the constant hums and beeps of the hospital machinery become nearly unbearable, the cold floor is shocking beneath his bare feet, and hot tap water causes him to recoil as though he’s been scalded.
"No," Cas replies softly, "you can tell me more if you want to." And Dean actually
“Spinach and pineapple?” Sam asks enthusiastically.
“Yes, Dean. My abilities are gone. My body may be healing, but I haven’t felt any semblance of my grace, though it may be possible there are remnants.”
“I’ve been watching humans for a long time, Dean,” Castiel answers seriously. “Also, you really leave pornography up on your laptop quite often,” he adds. Dean almost chokes on a laugh.
"Aww, that last part was almost sweet," Dean says sarcastically. "You wanna get out of here?" he asks Cas, who nods.
“Well, Missouri called it
Next chapter is nearly complete
“‘Course you can,” Dean says, relaxing. He lets his eyes close again and concentrates on the warmth Sam radiates at his side.
“And would you have gotten so close to me if I hadn’t called you down every time I needed anything? I was selfish, Cas, and I’m so sorry for that, not that an apology makes much damn difference at this point.”
“You did so well, Cas,” Dean says, propping himself up on his elbow so he can look into Cas’s eyes. Cas blushes and averts his gaze. “Really, Cas,” Dean continues, leaning over to press a kiss to his neck.” Cas lets out a soft, contented noise at the contact.
“Shit!” Dean curses, “it’s my dad!” Cas rushes to find his underwear, but he’s not quick enough. John enters the room as he always does, without knocking, expecting an answer from Dean or Sam. Instead, he finds Dean struggling to get his jeans on, and Cas, completely naked, digging through the bedding, attempting a recovery of his clothes.
“I’m sorry, Cas. I know I can’t truly understand what you’re going through, but I am so sorry for my part in all this.”
“I dunno,” Dean sighs, “I guess we’ll have to find somewhere else to stay. Maybe somewhere I can take Sammy. Maybe we could get a shithole apartment somewhere. My boss said I could have my job back.”
But it's good, he tells himself. Finally allowing himself to enjoy laying in bed next to another warm body, laying with his arms around Cas. And Cas just
“Huh? How come?” Cas murmurs groggily.
“What?” Dean asks pointedly, catching Sam’s raised eyebrow.
"Does he
“Oh, hi sugar, speak of the devil!” she says warmly.
"Dean, how did this happen?" she asks seriously.
Dean moans, “let’s just say ‘yes,’ and leave it at that.
"Cas," Dean says, his brow furrowed.
“Meg!” Castiel warns, glaring at her. Dean is still frozen in place, his mouth agape.
because, he thinks, that is what Cas will always be to him. Dean kisses him deeply, savoring him as he feels Cas’s hips begin to jerk with each stroke of his hand.
"Excuse you, missy! Just what do you think you're doing?" Missouri asks with an air of exasperation.
. And I have panic attacks and intrusive thoughts that I can’t seem to control.” When Castiel looks back up at Dean, he’s met not by judgement, but by a look of understanding in those pretty green eyes, and he smiles a little.
"So you're crazy?" John sneered.
“... says the narcissistic sociopath…” Dean mutters, “but that doesn’t answer my question. What do you think I’m going to do to him?”
“Hold on a sec,” Dean says as he opens one of the back doors and quickly shifts stuff around, throwing a pillow down at one end of the backseat. “There. You can lay down.” Castiel does as Dean suggests, curling up on his side in the backseat. Dean slides into the driver’s seat, but before starting the car, he turns around and unfolds a blanket, draping it carefully over Cas.
“Maybe, a little,” Cas decides to say. Dean gives him a warm smile and a kiss.
“Cas,” Dean speaks quietly, “we should go before you get too cold.” But Castiel shakes his head, rubbing his face against Dean’s chest.
I haven't forgotten I was promised pancakes." Dean laughs.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel whispers against his lips.
“I’m happy you told Sam,” Cas says softly, “I didn’t know if you’d want to.”
Dean sobs hard into his pillow, hoping no one can hear him. Last thing he needs is a bunch of crazy kids thinking he’s a “pussy.”
“Uh, I dunno, do you?” Castiel says, surprised by the question.
“I mean, I don’t wanna sound ungrateful, but I’d give up the money to have a decent family.”
"l've been having weird dreams... well, sorta dreams..." Dean stammered.
“Hmm.” Dean considers this for a moment, not completely sure what to say. “I guess I never thought about it much. Doesn’t really take much to make a kid living out of his car feel small. Only thing that ever made me feel important at all growing up was Sammy.” Castiel smiles at him before looking back out at the river.
SAME TRIGGER WARNINGS AS LAST CHAPTER
“Thanks, Missouri!” Castiel says, his heart skipping a beat or two. As she hands the phone over, he can hear her saying
“Yeah, a little. Can’t say it’s really comfortable. No privacy and all that,” Dean says.
"Uh, not so good, actually," Cas admits.
“I mean it. I’m not fucking around; you’re not the only one who can wave a gun around, Dean,” John says coldly. “Hope he’s worth throwing your family away for,” he adds, casting a hateful glance at Castiel.
playing softly in the background.
“The money, dickweed,” Dean growls. The guy flashes a wad of twenties from inside his jacket.
"Thanks, Miss," Dean says. "Uh, so this is probably gonna sound strange, but you know who Castiel is, right?" Missouri gives him a strange look, and for a moment his heart sinks.
“Dean, can I get you anything? A glass of water?” Cas offers, an attempt to shift the subject.
and ban
Aside from his brother, Dean’s sole companion has become the angel. The relationship between the two has evolved into a unique combination of camaraderie, brotherhood, and guardianship. Although Dean has never said it aloud, Castiel’s presence in his life has been an unexpected blessing, as Dean had always believed his path would be a solo one, shared only now and again by his brother. Sam, though Dean loves his brother deeply, can be a burden at times. As is normal for two brothers, the pair argues about trivialities regularly, and Sam often storms off on his own for weeks at a time. In the beginning, Dean was accustomed to being alone after another fight with Sam, but now Dean finds his time alone difficult to bear. Of course he misses his brother, but now he finds that it is the angel from whom he is desperate to hear. There is something inside Dean that is gnawing at him, and he finds himself longing to suddenly feel Castiel at his side again.
“Oh. I just kinda lost my cool. That girl Meg had been messing with me all day, and I kinda snapped. I promise, I’ll do better. I really just wanna go home and see my brother again,” he says hopefully.
“Dean, you are very important to me, and I need to know what you want. There are so many things I want when I am with you, so many feelings in my body… they are impossible to control, and I feel… it really hurts, Dean.”
“You look tired,” Dean remarks and Cas nods. “You feel better though?”
“Okay, well, it looks like you have a handle on this situation,” Sam says to Dean, “I think I’ll head back to my room to get a little research done.”
“Can you stay with me?” Sam asks hesitantly, “just for a little while?”
“Oh! Oh, shit, Cas,” Dean groans, succumbing to his own orgasm, lost in bliss until he is violently pulled back into reality by another shout of a wholly different nature.
“Oh, Dean, I can feel everything so
“You wanna talk about it?” Castiel asks.
“You’re tired. You need to rest to heal,” Sam states simply.
“Son of a bitch! She got you signed up for
“Ugh,” Dean groans, “I figured you would. Lucky for you, I happened to check the menu already, and they’ve got
“Fair enough,” Dean concedes, smiling and kissing Castiel again thoroughly. He knows they need to clean up, but he feels warm, too comfortable and boneless with Cas plastered to his side, to even think about getting up. Furthermore, Dean can feel Cas sinking more heavily into him, utterly spent, mere moments from sleep, and Dean decides the shower can wait til the morning.
“Dean,” Sam sort of just breathes in return.
Cas takes a tentative first drink. “Hmm, interesting flavor… it was always so interesting to me how quickly each civilization figured out how to make alcohol from whichever plant was available in the region.”
“I think we should head back to the motel, get some food, shower, I’m sure you wanna change your pants… and we can continue to talk then,” Dean says and gives Castiel’s hand a little squeeze and hands him his tee shirt. Cas nods slowly.
"Good to see you, Cash. I'm the physical therapist," he says, turning to Dean and then Sam as all the introductions are made.
next time,” he adds, trying, but failing to break the awkwardness of the whole situation with a joke.
"Fuck me, Dean," Castiel rasps, straddling Dean's pelvis, but moving to lay on his back. Dean stops him though.
Castiel sleeps fitfully. Dean is torn between letting him sleep and wanting to wake him from the nightmares he seems to be having. Finally, during one particularly violent moment of thrashing, Dean breaks down and shakes his friend awake.
"Oh," Dean says, pushing himself up to sitting, wincing as he unwitting puts pressure on his wounded hand. "Thanks."
“No, I’m not mad, I just, look, never mind,” Dean says, flustered, rubbing a hand over his face. “We were just kids. Adults don’t really share beds unless they’re really close.”
“I… ahhh!...highly….ahh…doubt that’s…. ahhh!....true!” Cas gasps out, resting his forehead on Dean’s other shoulder.
“Hey,  man, you ok?” Dean asks. Cas sighs and looks at his feet, head bowed. “Here,” Dean offers and helps Castiel pull on a soft sweatshirt, zipping the front for him.  Cas catches his hand as he pulls up the zipper.
Missouri patches up his hand, and tells him to wait in his room while she makes some phone calls.
When dinner time rolls around, Castiel
“I, uh, oh, sorry,” Sam stutters, quickly turning to resume his search.
“Dean took me to the beach,” Castiel answers happily.
Cas gasps, terror again in his eyes as Dean fingers the weapon in his hand. “Dean, please...”
He lays under the tree, his body becoming stiff and increasingly sore, until it becomes dark and he can bet his father is passed out drunk. He sneaks back to the house, limping as he does. His head aches and there is a sharp pain in his side when he breathes, but he’ll have to deal with that all later. Slowly, he circles the house looking for Sam’s bedroom window, or at least he hopes Sam is alone in a room. At last, he peers into a window and can see a faint light. Sam must be reading under his blanket again. Dean taps on the window, a secret rhythm they had agreed upon for just such occasions. Almost instantly, Sam is at the window, trying to open it as silently as possible.
“Will this be your first visit to the psychiatric unit?” the nurse asks casually as she takes his vitals and removes his IV.
“Not fair, Clarence! I’ve never burnt a house down; the firefighters have always gotten there in time.”
The moment Cas steps into the room behind him and the door clicks shut and locks, Dean is on him, taking his face in both hands, kissing him harder than ever before, causing Cas to slam backward against the door, but Cas doesn’t mind it a little rough, in fact, he thinks he might like it that way.
“What would you rather I call it?” Castiel asks, rolling his eyes, which makes Dean smile and relax a little.
“Babe, you’re a horrible liar, but I forgive you,” Dean smirks. “’67 Chevy Impala, and don’t forget it,” he adds, shaking his head. “Unfortunately, they can read, ’cause they did get the plates right. I’m sure I can scrounge up some plates at Bobby’s, though, and I’ll switch ’em out.”
-Led Zeppelin
“Both, I guess,” he sneers.
is simply not going to change. Sure, when he was younger he’d given “praying the gay away” the old college try, but it never helped; if anything, trying not to think about boys only made him think about boys all the more.
, and he’s okay. Sam plays the message over and over, trying to ignore the throbbing pain in his wrist. Eventually, he falls into an exhaustion-induced sleep.
"Dean?" Cas says hesitantly. Dean pauses to turn toward him. "I would like to ask something of you."
“Dean Winchester,” she says, clicking her tongue, “why do I get the feeling you aren’t telling me the whole truth?” But she looks up the number and dials it, handing him the phone.
Returning to the room, he opens the window and tries to lay down on his bed. He can’t turn the light out. He puts on Dean’s favorite Zeppelin record, careful not to scratch it, but he still can’t sleep. He can’t stay here, can’t stay in this room alone. He gets up and walks over to the record player, and something on Dean’s nightstand catches his eye: the keys to the Impala.
“I mean it. Don’t know how I would have dealt with all this without you.” Dean looks at his feet, scuffing his shoe on the pavement. “I know Cas is grateful too. He’s feeling pretty lost right now.” When Dean looks back up, Sam has a sympathetic look on his face.
Dean longs to speak to Sam. He'd give anything to be back in their bedroom listening to Zeppelin, or eating burgers in his Baby as Sam tells him excitedly about some nerdy thing or another. He hopes that maybe Cas will call him tonight, but after the dinner scene, he doubts he'll be allowed a phone conversation.
“You gonna come for me, Cas?” Dean breathes into Castiel’s ear, before nipping at his earlobe.
“Don’t be embarrassed,” Dean murmurs, cradling Cas in his arms. “Sorry if I went too far or something.”
“I already feel like shit,” Cas despairs.
in order to keep from telling Garth to "shut the fuck up." Garth's cheeriness is grating. Becky's incessant chatter makes him want to throw things.
“I mean, I have real stuff they’ve diagnosed me with that I didn’t even realize wasn’t normal until I talked to the therapist they assigned to me.”
"I have faith in you too, Cas," Dean stammers finally and they sit quietly for some time before Dean remembers what he really had wanted to say before the conversation had devolved into tears and self-doubt.
“Good. You still in the hospital?” he asks.
happens.
"Castiel," Missouri says seriously, "I
bad, sugar," she says, shaking her head. "Now, why are you asking that?"
“We gotta work on your ability to whisper,” Dean laughs.
“I know you aren’t telling me the truth. Luckily, your uncle is coming for lunch today, and I’m sure he’ll be happy to have a session with you afterward.” Castiel’s blood runs cold.
“I’m such a mess,” Cas says.
"Really, Sammy?" he says accusatorially, "eating his lunch?"
“Nothin’ wrong with bein’ nervous,” Dean assures him, “you’re not a wimp. You’ve been through so much pain already; I don’t blame you for bein’ scared of more. I promise, though, it’ll be quick, and when it’s over, it just feels like a bad sunburn for a day or so. Then it gets all flaky and itchy, but that’s not so bad, and then it’s all healed up.”
That evening a bunch of the kids watch a movie. Sure, it's
It was some dark back alley, somewhere in Texas. He was on his knees, getting some nameless, faceless dirtbag off, when he suddenly had a light glaring in his eyes and the dude was swearing and rushing to get his pants up and make a run for it, but neither of them got away. Dean was too shocked and humiliated to even try. Next thing he knew, he was in the back of a police cruiser, heading “downtown.”
“I wouldn’t understand what,” John snaps, fury simmering in his expression, “why there’s paint all over the goddamn carpet, or why I just caught my son in bed with another boy?” Dean swallows hard, gritting his teeth.
Somehow they end up falling asleep that way, waking up only as the gulls start to wake and squawk. The morning is beautiful, the tide fully out. The pink glow of sunrise reflects off of the wide expanse of damp sand before them. Dean sits up, gently shaking Castiel’s shoulder. When Cas’s eyes flutter open, he laughs happily.
“Nah, man, it’s okay,” Dean reassures him, “just want you to get some more rest. I’m not goin’ anywhere.” Cas
"Castiel," Zachariah says brightly, "please, have a seat." Tentatively, Cas sits on the edge of his bed, dread pooling in his belly. His uncle retrieves the desk chair pulling it up to take a seat facing Cas, uncomfortably close.
“I don’t know,” Dean says quietly.
“If you say so,” Cas replies, resigned.
” Dean mutters, shaking his head. He switches the TV off as the credits begin. “Cas, what’s with all these chick flicks and waterworks?” Dean asks, sitting down across from Cas. He doesn’t answer, really.
” Castiel cries out, his eyes squeezing shut, “you’re gonna… I’m about to…”
for this, for Dean’s scarred up arms to hold him so tightly, and he finds a tiny kernel of courage in his own chest. Dean has shared so much about himself, already knows so many devastating truths about Cas’s life; maybe Cas
"Cas?" he says, loud, rough, as he stops his pacing at the side of the bed. The angel doesn't stir. "Castiel?" Nothing. Dean kneels, his hand at the side of his friend's neck, feeling for a pulse. He finds one. Dean huffs, exhaling, unaware he'd been holding his breath, but he knows it's bad, like really bad. The angel's pulse is fast, fast and weak, a bad combination. He's lost too much blood, Dean knows; he's seen enough human death to know this is how it goes. Cold hands, shallow breathing, rapid heart rate. Fuck.
“Anyway, I’m gonna shut up now and let you rest,” Dean says, flopping down on his bed with his burrito. “Just let me know if you need anything.” Cas nods again and falls back onto his pillow, setting his food and coffee on the nightstand. Dean glances over as Cas replaces the pillow over his face.
he wonders.
-The Doors
“You just seem… I don’t know. I’m sorry if I’ve been a burden,” Cas looks defeated, and Dean suddenly feels awful for letting his insecurities spill out in the form of anger and petulance.
“I mean, I won’t argue that your family sucks ass, but I don’t know that there’s anything ‘impressive’ about me,” Dean deflects.
“Yeah, I like seein’ you that way too,” Dean murmurs. “ ‘M proud of you, Cas. How far you’ve come. How you’re recovering.”
“Yeah?” Dean replies, “gonna take good care of you, Cas.” He is surprised when Cas suddenly leans forward, wrapping his arms around him and burying his face in Dean’s neck.
And for the first time, Castiel decides to say something.
“Gimme a second and I’ll be there,” Dean answers defensively, kissing Castiel more aggressively, nipping at his lower lip.
“Oh, corazoncito,” she sighs, “I wish I could do more for you. Please reconsider going to the authorities; this is serious abuse.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean says, sitting down on the edge of the bed, “I need to run across town real quick.”
In his thirteen years, Sam has seen some shit. His dad is drunk most of the time, a phenomenon that has escalated in both frequency and severity over the past few years. What were once shouting matches between his dad and his seventeen-year-old brother, Dean, have become violent, physical altercations. Dean always takes the brunt of the violence, a human shield between his father and his innocent, younger brother. At one point, Dean’s perpetually bruised face had prompted questions from staff members at the high school, but that was before Dean had dropped out, opting to hold odd jobs in the hope of keeping the lights on and a roof over their heads. On more than one occasion, Sam has watched in horror as his dad gains the upper hand in a fight, refusing to quit even as Sam screams, imploring him to stop. Twice, he believed their dad would kill Dean right in front of him. Once, Sam had called the cops; however, his dad convinced the officers that Dean had instigated the fight, but he didn’t want to press charges. It was a “one-off domestic disturbance.” Subsequently, the violence intensified. His dad threatened to throw Dean out if either son involved the police in their “private family matters” again.
“Do I have to go? I mean, I’m doing fine, right?”
“Get the fuck away from him, you whore!” a third voice shouts, and Anael whips around, shouting back. To Dean’s horror, it’s Cas, and he’s on the fucking
“Whadda
“Okay,” Sam sniffs, wiping his eyes.
Dean changes his clothes in record time, pulling on an old pair of jeans, his favorite Zeppelin tee, and the red plaid flannel of his that he’d found next to Sam’s pillow - he actually vows not to tease Sam about that one. Before he knows it, he’s sliding into his baby’s front seat, revving her engine, and backing out of the driveway.
. I worry that I’ll be left alone, and I don’t know how to do any of this alone. And I have so many feelings that confuse me, and new sensations that leave me aching for something I don’t fully understand.” Dean doesn’t know what to say. He is afraid to press Castiel further, afraid that Cas will reveal something that Dean isn’t ready to hear out loud. Instead, Dean sits quietly, looking down at Castiel’s hand in his own. He notices that Cas’s fingernails are short and ragged and a few have dried blood around the edges. Cas must be chewing at them while Dean isn’t watching.
“Hmph. Dunno about that,” Dean laughs humorlessly, eliciting a sigh from Castiel.
"And would that be so bad?"
“Or rent,” Cas says.
“Well, can I get you anything else?” Charlie asks, standing up from the table. Dean looks over at Cas, and can see he’s looking pretty tired; it’s gotten a lot later than he’d realized.
“And I’m glad we met Charlie; she’s really nice.”
“Never felt like this before,” Cas nearly whispers, burying his face in the side of Dean’s neck.
“Thank you, Dean,” he says softly. Dean kisses him gently, running his fingers lightly over Castiel’s jaw.
what you’re talking about,” Dean says, setting the food down and pulling out a couple paper plates.
Worse than the pain, Sam’s anxiety flares. He just knows this will not end well.
Castiel climbs into bed, dressed only in pajama pants, enjoying the feeling of clean sheets against his bare chest. He flips on the TV as Dean microwaves popcorn.
” Sam replies with air quotes, spilling some of his beer as he does so. “Sorry! I’ll clean that up!” he rushes to say as the waitress eyes the mess.
“Yes,” Castiel says simply, “I will probably stay in bed.”
As the trauma team starts IVs and oxygen and begins to cut the rest of the clothing from his body, the patchwork stitching on Castiel's abdomen raises a few eyebrows and, of course, questions.
“I don’t understand,” Dean says plainly.
The nurse’s aide arrives with a wheelchair to take Cas down to the entrance while Dean brings the car around. Castiel gazes around as he’s wheeled down the many long corridors of the hospital, taking in the sweeping views of the river and city as they pass windows. The world looks so big out there all of a sudden, and Cas can feel anxiety building in his chest. He tightens his grip on the, now flourishing, miniature rose bush he holds in his lap.  The hospital was tedious and often uncomfortable, but he had begun to feel at ease, trusting that the nurses and various staff members were all there to help him. Outside the hospital walls, he doesn’t know who he can trust, aside from Dean and his brother.
“Oh,” Dean replies, “it’s not your fault. It’s all withdrawal shit, nothin’ you can do about it.” Dean moves up to Cas’s head, carding his fingers through his soft dark hair.
"No, thanks. Just get my brother through this... please," Dean answers wistfully.
Dean suddenly feels dizzy. The fear in Castiel's eyes, the sorrow in his voice makes Dean's chest hurt.
"Really?"
that. He tells himself not to be such an idiot. Crying over some guy he doesn’t even really know, just because the guy had a bad day and snapped at him?! Stupid. He tells himself to forget about it and work on his drawing.
“Can you
“Dunno… important thing is ABV. Higher is better.”
" Slowly, the man sits across from Dean, leaning back in his chair. "My reasons are mine alone. If I want you to understand, you will understand."
"Can't I just learn all that from you guys?" Cas asks, bordering on whining.
“Alright, he’s right here,” she laughs, “it was nice hearing from you. Hope you’re doing well.”
"Yes, I mean, no; I haven't forgotten." Cas replies quietly.
“Yeah, it’s... well, it’s a long story, but I got a friend who can’t get his prescription anymore, and the withdrawal is making him real sick. Just wanted to find something to help him,” Dean says, surprised by how tight his throat suddenly feels. Pamela sighs on the other end of the line.
“Thank you, Sam,” Castiel says, a wide smile spreading across his face. Dean can’t help grinning as well, seeing the two people he cares the most about in this world interacting so easily.
“Yeah? Sorry for what?” Dean murmurs into his pillow. Castiel can feel the hurt creeping into his chest already. He knew this was a bad idea, but for some reason he presses further.
"I don't know, Dean."
"Cas? Are you there?" Dean asks softly.
“What’re you tryna say, Cas?” he jokes.
nice, but with Cas it is beyond nice; Cas is just so fucking enthusiastic. Cas is moaning around Dean’s cock, but unlike the women Dean has been with who seem to be doing it because they think they should, Cas seems to be
“Oh, that’s good,” Sam replies, but Dean gets the feeling there is something else on his mind, a subject he’s working his way up to.
“About three. So let me tell you this: you hurt him, and I kill you.”
“Dean, I…” Cas hesitates. “I’m sorry.”
personal things, and Castiel has the feeling that Dean isn’t the kind of person who opens up to just anyone. Neither is he, for that matter, but he’d felt comfortable telling Dean things he hasn’t told anyone else.
Cas, in turn, feels like he is drowning. He clings to Dean as if he has no choice. He is scared and humiliated, and he can hardly bring himself to look Dean in the eye, but Dean is the only person to have ever held him like this. His arms are unexpectedly strong, and Cas feels like just maybe Dean can be trusted with all the shit he has kept locked away for so long.
“Whatever,” Dean huffs and flops down in the chair, his arms folded across his chest like a petulant child. “Seriously!?” Dean huffs again when he realizes he is also being accompanied by a member of the hospital security staff. “I’m not gonna attack anyone,” Dean says, rolling his eyes.
fucking weird."
“And circle gets the square.”
It feels like forever, laying there, but when he looks at the glowing clock next to the bed, he can see it’s only been 20 minutes. Time felt much different as an angel. He tries to quiet his mind, but it just won’t quit turning over.
“No, you
"What is?" Cas asks and Dean's face flushes with embarrassment.
but, yeah," she shrugs casually.
“He’s scheduled to be moved out of the ICU tomorrow,” Sara answers, smiling.
“Fuck off,” Dean murmurs. He is met with a sneer and a low chuckle, but ultimately rolls over, falling asleep with his pillow pulled over his head.
"Why are you still here?" Dean whispers, his body rigid with anxiety.
“Fine. Zach will be up later to speak with you.”
“Yes, Dean, I think I can,” Castiel answers before a third voice erupts from the other side of the room.
The intensity of the moment is not lost on Dean. He realizes now that he is likely one of very few people who knows the truth about Castiel’s life, and Dean fears what else he may someday discover. Rage boils just beneath his surface, threatening to erupt as he rests his forehead against the top of Cas’s head, just trying to breathe and steady himself.
“Luckily, your dad’s a fuckin’ dumbass,” Dean laughs at last. Cas raises his eyebrows. “As if I’d be seen driving a fucking
“You got it,” she confirms. “If you have any questions, I’ll be right over there.” She points down the hall to the nurses’ station, and Dean nods. He stands in his doorway, watching her walk away, thinking maybe he kind of likes her attitude. He glances across the hallway. The door opposite his own is closed, the name
“Don’t even know where I’m gonna go now,” Cas says softly.
“No, I’m not done,” Cas insists, “you have a kickass car that you bought and fixed up all on your own, but more importantly: Sam has an abusive, drunk piece of shit for a father, but he has you, so he’s still in school, and he has food and clothes and somewhere to sleep, and he may actually be able to have a future. And, Dean, you probably saved my life.”
“Maybe you’ll feel better if you eat something, though,” Dean suggests, and Cas assents.
be ashamed, and partially because society thinks he should be ashamed. Why? He’s not sure.
, afraid maybe Dean did it solely out of pity. But Dean kisses him again. The second kiss is deeper, searching. Dean leans into Cas, his hands more insistent, pulling Cas close, and Cas wants to let go, to just give in and let Dean take him wherever they’re heading, but he can’t, not yet.
“Aww, I’d never do that!” Dean retorts, feigning offense.
“You know, Sam is right, Dean,” Cas says plainly.
“He’s lucky he’s got a big brother who cares so much,” Missouri replies warmly, adding, “Now, is there anything you need before I call it quits for the evening?” before he can deny it.
“And do you have parents who are gonna come hunt me down if I agree to do this?” Pam asks Cas sternly.
"I tolerate you." Instead of getting up, Cas rolls over so he's face down. "You go; I'm not hungry," he murmurs into his pillow.
“Sure is good to see you, son,” Bobby says warmly, a hand on Dean’s shoulder. To his horror, Dean feels a catch in his throat, but manages to croak out a reply.
I ❤️ this chapter, and I hope you do too! 🥰
"What you have, with Dean."
So he chooses. For the first time in his life, he chooses happiness.
“You know, we encourage interaction with other patients, but you do need to keep your focus on your own progress, and it can become detrimental to become too close with another patient. And it goes without saying that romantic relationships of any kind are forbidden.” Castiel can feel his cheeks turning bright red.
“‘Course I care,” Bobby says, exasperated, “thought you knew me better than that!”
crazy repressed?" Dean smirks.
“Yeah. The second one,” Dean admits.
“Guess I’ll see you around, Cas,” Dean says simply, and Cas nods, watching him walk down the hall, wishing he had something clever to say in return.
"So why don't you start now?" Cas says, nearly pouting as Dean resists his obvious advances. Dean laughs and kisses Cas once more before returning to his packing.
When the time comes that they have to return to their rooms for the night, Castiel's heart feels like it will break. As his hand slips from Dean's, Cas wants to cry again. He will, but he'll save the tears for his bedroom.
For a while longer, the pair gaze out at the vast expanse of ocean before them. They can see for miles both toward the horizon and looking straight south where the coastline is stretched out before them. The wind whips around them, and before too long, Dean feels Cas's body begin to tremble beside his own. Gently, he wraps an arm around Castiel's shoulders and leads him back to the car. He opens the door, but before climbing back in, Castiel catches him in a long kiss.
“You look so damn sexy right now, Cas. Love seein’ you like this, hearin’ you moan so pretty,” Dean says against Castiel’s skin.
If the turn of phrase strikes Cas as odd, he doesn’t say anything, just swallows Dean down, nearly choking himself with Dean’s cock. Dean fights hard to keep his hips still, not wanting to choke Cas any further. He runs his hand down Cas’s arms to his shoulders and neck, ending with his fingers twisted in Castiel’s hair. Cas moans around Dean’s cock at the sensation of Dean’s fingernails on his scalp, Dean’s thighs and stomach flexing beneath his touch. Dean lets out a low groan, his eyes rolling back and closing as Cas swallows around his cock, way back in his throat.
"What? Really?" Castiel sounds at once surprised and hopeful.
,” Sam replies grumpily.
“You’re gonna be great when he delivers your first child,” Pam teases Dean with a gleam in her eye.
Dean, knows him and
“Sammy, say what you want. S’ okay. Won’t be mad.”
“Ruby,” Sam answers grudgingly.
“I know you do.” Cas sighs, looking out the window at another rainy Portland day.
“Sounds like they’re gonna keep you here for a while,” John says roughly. Dean stares blankly ahead, eyes unfocused. “Whatdya got to say for yourself?” Dean’s fingers tighten, clenching the hospital blanket in his fists, wrists straining against his bonds.
“Dean,” Cas says after a while, “I meant to tell you last night, but I understand now why you might be uncomfortable doing certain things with me.” This stops Dean in his tracks, and he turns to Castiel, stepping in close to him.
Suddenly, Castiel feels like he is going to start crying, and he
“I’m sorry I woke you last night.”
Later, as Dean lays in bed, he can see Yellow Eyes standing against the wall opposite him, watching, waiting. Fear sparks through his chest like it always has, but he is
When they’re finished, Dean returns to the bed with the sandwiches, nudging Cas so he’ll scoot over. Dean sits with his back against the headboard, and Cas basically curls up in his lap, moaning obscenely when he takes a bite.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas speaks as Dean slides once more into the driver’s seat.
“No, Dean, it’s not that. It’s just… I miss the abilities I once had. I could have healed you.” Cas gazes despondently down at his impotent hands.
"I'm sure I'll manage. Go get some rest."
“You look good,” Dean says once Cas is dressed for something other than staying in bed all day. “We should probably get you some clothes of your own at some point, though.” Castiel nods, not voicing the fact that he enjoys wearing Dean’s clothes, especially the flannel; it hasn’t been washed recently, and it smells like Dean. Dean probably doesn’t need to know all that, Cas figures. Little does he know, Dean, though he’ll never admit it, likes seeing Cas in his clothes as well.
“Listen, if worst comes to worst, and we get caught, we’ll come clean. I’m not a lawyer, but don’t think I can really ‘kidnap’ you since I’m not eighteen and we’re pretty much the same age. We’ll tell ’em the truth: that I helped you run off ’cause you’re being abused. The evidence is on your back, Cas,” Dean suggests.
“A little?” Dean laughs.
Dean hands Cas a fresh pair of soft pajama pants as well as a well-worn Black Sabbath tee and a warm flannel button-up. He cranks the heat in the room and gets Cas settled in bed with a clean blanket he’d had in the car.
“Jesus, Sam!” Dean swears, punching Sam in the shoulder.
“Fuck you,” Dean said, though his voice lacked its usual edge.
“No,” Dean replies honestly, though a part of him wants to lie. He feels deeply ashamed, partially because he believes that he
"Castiel, I hope you know how much I care for you. Everything I have done, I have done for your own good, but it seems that your demons are beyond even my abilities. You have given us no choice in this matter," Zachariah says in a dramatically melancholy voice.
“I’ve got your coffee,” Dean calls from the other side of the door. Cas steps out of the shower and slowly tugs his clothes back on, always frustrated by the difficulty of sliding clothes over damp skin. But he can’t stop the trembling of his body or the tears rolling down his cheeks. He can’t face Dean like this. And the more he tries to stop it, the worse it becomes until he is hyperventilating, gasping for breath, and bracing himself against the wall. He can’t understand what is happening, why his chest feels like it’s being crushed and he can’t slow his breathing. An overwhelming sense of panic is crashing over him, and he feels like he is drowning as he slides down the wall to a seat on the floor, burying his face in his hands as he shakes uncontrollably.
“Please don’t make me,” Castiel rasps, his voice wrecked.
than I'll ever be," Dean says, regarding Castiel with an air of wonder.
“You make me fuckin’ sick,” John spits, jolting Dean’s attention back across the room to where his father is pushing himself unsteadily up off the floor. Before John can take a step, though, Dean is groping around in the closet behind where he sits with Cas on the floor. The next moment, time seems to freeze.
“Dean,” Castiel says as he catches his breath, his voice gravelly, spent, “I’m sorry.” Dean’s brow furrows, his eyebrows raised in question. “I ejaculated prematurely,” Castiel clarifies in true, brutally direct, Cas form.
Dean wails as the demon twists the knife before fleeing Castiel’s body, a roaring plume of evil, and watches powerlessly as Cas topples forward like a rag doll, gasping and trembling on the floor.
Dean seems like a different person as they look over the menu in the quaint diner they stop at, his panic eased, and his easy-going manner returned. Cas still isn’t hungry, but he wants to encourage Dean’s pleasant mood and decides he will try to eat something anyway.
"Ugh.... Dean, I don't even have an occupation! Why do I need a therapist for it?" Cas looks disgruntled.
Had to change this fic’s rating from “Mature” to “Explicit.” You’re welcome. 😉
in front of Sam. As a kid, Sam always looked up to him like he was some kind of hero, and Dean doesn’t want anything to change that. At the very least, he is sure that Sam will tease him mercilessly because, well, Cas is
“Ugh, I just feel so
“This seat taken?” Dean asks casually. Castiel can’t believe this is happening.
“Dad!” he shouts desperately then, “someone, please help!”
Warning: child abuse (not sexual)
“Thank you,” Cas sniffs.
“She’s just a few blocks away,” he says, “but thanks!” Dean watches as Sam packs a few things into his backpack. He’s a little clumsy with his casted wrist, but he does pretty well. Then Dean follows him to the front door, telling Cas he’ll be right back.
“Please, Sammy, just humor me, okay?” Dean groans, but the fear in his eyes imparts a message of desperation, and Sam instantly abandons his attitude.
“Go on, Sam,” his dad says again coldly. The bedroom he shares with Dean is the
“Huh?”
"Where are you, Dean?"
“Yeah?” Dean asks, cocking an eyebrow.
funny,” Cas replies, rolling his eyes and feigning annoyance.
“Never said I needed help,” Dean says coldly, “no one ever
“What’re you talkin’ about?” Dean asks gently, kissing the side of Cas’s head.
“And you, Castiel?”
Well, that’s what it is, right?” Sam says exasperatedly.
“That’s awesome, man,” Dean says next.
“What are you doing?” Castiel questions weakly.
“Fuck!” he exclaims as he races to the door, but he can’t see Cas anywhere. As he turns around, a piece of paper on the table catches his eye. He grabs it, sending a pen flying to the floor.
“Not really. Do I really look
he thinks to himself, but that doesn’t stop him from fantasizing wildly against his better judgement. Dean is just so amazing! Cas can’t make himself understand why the most gorgeous guy he’s ever laid eyes on is
rather pleasant.
Suddenly, Dean realizes that he has been in the shower for a much longer time than he had planned on. Shit, he thinks, Cas is gonna think he’s stalling, and Cas already feels bad enough. Dean dries off quickly, dressing in a hurry before resting his hand on the doorknob and taking a deep breath.
"You better," Dean sighs before leaning in to catch Cas's lips in a quick kiss. "Now let's find some food."
"Because,
of demons?" Sam inquires further, voice strained.
“I don’t understand the joke,” Castiel says flatly, standing in the door frame of the bathroom.
There are a handful of breweries in Hood River, Dean discovers as they circle a few blocks, so Dean just picks the first one they can find parking in front of. There are wooden tables out front on the sidewalk, and it’s still warm enough to be inviting. A number of patrons have dogs, waiting patiently on their leashes as their people eat. The dogs ignore Dean as they pass, but not Cas.
“Baby,” Dean sighs, “I’m so sorry. I know I’ve sent you some mixed signals recently, but you gotta believe me. I’m not goin’ anywhere. I love you. I think you’re sexy as hell, and I’m looking forward to a repeat performance in the near future, assuming you’re up for that. So please, Cas, please try to stop doubting yourself.” Cas is grinning at him when he finishes speaking.
Dean thinks to himself affectionately.
“Using modern day technology doesn’t make you a hipster, Mr. ‘everything sounds better on vinyl’… anyway, that’s not the point. Just give it to Cas; might distract him for a while.”
by AC/DC. That should give him enough to explore for the next few days.
“He’s a ‘televangelist,’” Castiel groans, “leads a stupid fake-as-fuck megachurch.”
“Yeah. I was just fucking with you. I’d apologize, but I wouldn’t mean it, so why bother?”
“Uh, yeah, he can be difficult to reach,” Dean says, trying not to let his anger bleed out into his tone. “He’s gone a lot for, uh, work. I don’t know if Sam told you, but I’m in the hospital. I’m fine, but I might be here for a while. I got to see Sam yesterday before he went home, but I’m, well I wanna make sure he’s okay.”
“It’s dinner time, Dean,” Missouri says softly. Dean sighs and rubs his face hard, fighting back the emotions that are threatening to spill down his cheeks.
“Ugh,” Sam groans, “your feet stink.” Dean simply smirks at him, taking another long drink.
"So why isn't he waking up?" Dean asks, his voice cold.
“Better get to bed, Sammy. You got school tomorrow,” John says suddenly. It’s the first thing he has said all day, and he says it as if nothing out of the ordinary has happened. Sam hadn’t expected to be thanked for the hours of work he had done, hadn’t expected to be praised for saving his brother’s life, but this? John hasn’t said a word about Dean or what had occurred. Not one word. Sam can’t stand it, and tears are again rolling down his face, tears of rage and disbelief.
“It’s just rock ‘n roll, Cas!” he exclaims good-naturedly. “It’s just for show. No one’s really worshipping the devil. It’s mostly to shock people and get a rise out of parents. Just for fun. Reminds me of a simpler time. You know? Back before I knew hell was an actual thing…”
"What?" Meg says, a confused expression coming over her face, "no we haven't."
“Sounds like you’re a pretty good brother,” she says warmly.
“I always felt like there was something wrong, but at the same time, I believed for over a year that he was trying to help me. Now I can see that it was all fucking mind games, that he’s just a sick fucking bastard, but it was always so confusing then.”
“I got Cas with me,” Dean answers.
“Cas, you’re never gonna embarrass me,” Dean says emphatically, “and Pam knows what’s going on; she’ll understand.” Cas manages a weak smile then, and Dean jogs around the car to help him out.
“Oh, Castiel,” she sighs again, “I guess you have a point there.”
“Shit,” he swears under his breath. It’s been a while since Castiel has suffered from nightmares.
“Okay, yeah it’s a weird name, but I guess it could be worse,” Dean says, shaking his head and smiling.
“‘Course not,” Dean assures him. “You wanna come with or stay here?” he asks, turning to Cas, who looks rather pale. “I won’t be gone long.”
“He deserves to die for everything he’s done to you,” Dean says through gritted teeth, losing himself in Castiel’s wide, blue eyes.
“You can have it, Dean,” Cas says softly, looking up at Dean with earnest, blue eyes.
" Sam considers him skeptically.
“Oh, no!” Dean backs off hurriedly, “I didn’t mean it like that. Just, you’re a good looking guy, so I was surprised is all.” Dean seems sincere.
Y’know, Dean, I’d always assumed you’d fuck up one day and get some bimbo pregnant, but I gotta admit, I never saw this one coming.”
"Hey, don't talk like that."
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just help me to the car, and let’s get out of here,” Cas says through gritted teeth. Dean nods quickly, hefting a very surprised Castiel into his arms, and marching quickly toward the car. “I kinda thought you’d just help me walk,” Cas gasps, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck, “but this works too.”
"Jesus Christ," Castiel groans.
"Is something wrong?" Dean asks then.
“I hear you,” Dean agrees, “however, I think I know how we could make the most of it.”
“What, why?”
Dean swears under his breath. His hands are shaking now, his temper flaring. He wants so badly to punch something, to rip the phone out of the wall and throw it down the hallway. He can feel tears burning in his eyes. One fucking night. He was gone for
“I would still like to do that with you.” The look in Castiel’s eyes makes Dean feel all sorts of things.
“Hey, Cas, do you believe in demons?” Dean asks, trying to sound casual.
The pair pick up some food from a trendy little food cart on the return walk to the motel.
Soon, they’re passing Wahkeena Falls. Dean drums along to
“Ha!...what do you mean?” he laughs, confused.
“I think it’s broken,” Cas offers against his better judgement.
“Cas,” Dean replies after a beat, “it was fuckin’ awesome.” He flashes Cas a toothy grin.
“Dean, you’re gonna be fine,” Sam says finally, all teasing aside, as they approach the entrance. “You want me to get you checked in?”
When he returns to his room he can't hold back the tears any longer. Collapsing onto his bed, he lets them fall, watching as they soak into his pillow. What if he never sees Dean again? Dean will probably move on and forget all about him. Then there's a knock on his door.
“Well, I mean, you’re sitting right there,” Dean says with a goofy grin that definitely
“Jeez, Sammy, not sure how you fit in that thing,” Dean says sympathetically.
“I didn’t want to...” Cas whimpers, and a sinking feeling begins crushing Dean’s chest. Dean can feel his rage beginning to stir.
literally; Castiel’s body is ridiculously warm. The soft moans Cas makes with every movement, tells Dean that he feels the same way. Soon, Cas is matching his rhythm, digging his fingernails into Dean’s lower back, wordlessly encouraging Dean to rut into him harder. Dean can feel Cas’s cock sliding between their stomachs, impossibly hard and leaking, begging to be touched. When he wraps his hand around it, Castiel cries out, his body jerking in surprise and pleasure.
"I was asleep when you showed up."
“I know he just wants to go home, but I think he’s doing well. He doesn’t seem so confused today. By the way, he understands angels and demons aren’t real… he was pretty embarrassed when we told him what he’d been saying.”
“I don’t know,” Sam sniffs, “maybe, but what about tonight? I don’t want to go home without you.”
“Yeah, of course,” Dean says adamantly, “Cas, you don’t have to tell me more if you really don’t want to, but you can; I won’t judge you or anything. Have you ever told anyone about this?” Dean’s assumption is confirmed when Cas shakes his head ‘no.’
“Thank you. See you tomorrow.” Dean hangs up and looks at Missouri. Before he can even open his mouth, she answers him.
“Aw, Clarence, you’re no fun,” she mock-pouts, and then her eyes go wide. “Ohhhh, you want him for yourself,” she says in a low voice, and Castiel’s cheeks blaze red. “Oh, you
he thinks, and he is struck by the desire to leap out of bed, dash across the hall, wrench Cas's door open, grab on to him, and never let go.
“Alright, food’s here if you change your mind,” Dean offers. “I won’t be too long, then we can, uh, we can talk things through, ‘kay?”
"Will you be checking in with him?" Dean asks.
“But you never sleep…” Dean repeats this phrase for lack of anything else to say. Something in his stomach is twisting like a hot knife. Something tells him that Castiel is in trouble.
“What?” Dean says, turning and narrowing his eyes at Cas. “Don’t tell me you just
“I don’t know,” Cas murmurs, frightened.
“Actually, quite good,” Cas says, scrutinizing the contents of his own glass.
No. Maybe he’s wrong, maybe he’s just imagining it. Dean shifts a little, and
“Holy shit,” Sam breathes, “I don’t know if I’ve ever heard you say that about
“You got a sharp tongue for such a purdy mouth,” the guy leered, making Dean’s skin crawl.
“He’ll be back in a couple hours,” Pam remarks and begins readying her equipment. “Pop your shirt off, and have a seat,” she instructs Cas casually. She turns back to her supplies before she can see the panicked look he gives Dean.
“Don’t get him started on any of that fancy ass frappa-whatever you call it!” Dean calls after him. When he turns around, Cas is staring at him.
people,' you know?" Dean stares at him, looking more than a little horrified.
“‘Kay, thanks again for everything,” Dean says.
been attracted to another dude before, and I dunno, it’s... it’s hard to explain.”
They sit together, gazing out at the river over the steep roof of the lodge. The breeze is gentle, cool, and carries the scent of damp earth and fir trees. Castiel leans into Dean almost imperceptibly, but enough that he can feel the warmth radiating from Dean’s body. Cas sighs contentedly, a small smile on his face, so thankful that Dean has chosen to share this day with him.
“Yes, sir,” Dean replies with the ghost of a smile.
to mean more, he thinks.
“No, Dean. Angels are not mammals and have no need for sexual reproduction. Angels are asexual, genderless beings, which is difficult for humans to understand. It is perhaps more confusing given that in order to truly interact with humans, the angel must find a human vessel, which of course has a gender.”
“Dean,” Cas practically sobs, “fuck, Dean, not gonna last much longer...”
“Come on, spit it out, boy.”
plays gently in the background, the two fall peacefully asleep, neither consumed by the despairing nocturnal speculation that each has become so accustomed to.
“Tell me what?”
“We’re sitting in the backseat of your car,” he answers.
get out of here before I call the cops!”
"No!" Castiel replies, his voice shaking, "he just mentioned girls he's dated. I didn't ask him anything like that."
“No. It was a huge mistake, and I’m so sorry. I promise you, Sammy, I won’t do that again.” Dean can literally hear Sam breathe a sigh of relief. “But I don’t know how long I have to stay here.” Sam sighs.
“Oh, you can remember him now?” Dean says sarcastically.
“Obviously.” Dean snorts a laugh. “What is it, Sammy?”
"Cheeseburger. Extra bacon." Sam hands his brother a paper bag.
“You know... I saw which page you were on,” Cas replies, his voice somewhat hesitant.
“Father, please,” Castiel begs again, “please leave him alone.”
“Hey, I never said anything about healthy. Some people deal with their emotions by talking about them, which I don’t personally recommend. Others turn to that old time religion or some new agey bullshit. I guess you could face your emotions head-on and work through them, but you asked how I deal with it, and I’ve told you.” Dean pours two servings of cheap whiskey and hands one to Cas. Cas coughs, makings face as he tries his.
“I... I don’t know. It feels kind of like a panic attack, but it’s different.”
“It’s like a drug; I hear you can’t quit,” Dean jokes.
But even if Dean
“Sounds about right,” Pam remarks. Cas just stares, transfixed by the whole scene, while Sam looks utterly confounded, terrified by the things his brother is revealing, things that he’s never confided in Sam about.
“What?” Dean replies, startled. “Why? What’s wrong?”
“I usually go by ‘Sam’ these days,” he says with a laugh.
“Damn right, I’m adorable!” Dean says when he finally catches his breath, wiping the tears from his eyes. Castiel is looking at him that way he does with his head tilted to the side, and Dean can’t help but think again how grateful he is that Cas is alive and sitting in front of him here and now. And he
“Really?” Cas asks with wide eyes.
“I feel for the guy. At least he’s got you to look after him. Just try not to get too pissy with him,” Sam smiles.
“You okay?” Dean asks softly.
“I still seem to sleep much better with you,” Castiel says in a matter-of-fact tone.
“You have a good time with Ruby tonight? Get her home safe?” Dean prompts intuitively.
As usual, Cas isn’t hungry, but he chokes down a cold hotdog for Dean’s sake. He hasn’t taken any Ativan or Vicodin since they left the house. Dean suggested it might be a bad idea with a possible concussion, but now, Castiel’s hands are beginning to shake. His head throbs, and the sensation that his lungs are paralyzed is creeping up on him again.
Dean asks skeptically. “Pretty sure she’s full on bat-shit crazy.”
“Aww, don’t be jealous, baby,” she pouts at Cas, “the offer still stands, you know…” She runs the back of her hand down the side of his cheek.
“It... it wouldn’t be my first time,” Cas whispers so softly he wonders if Dean could even hear him. But Dean does hear him.
“You doin’ alright, sugar?” Missouri asks Dean once Cas has returned to his own room.
“Of course, really,” Dean replies quietly. “You’re the only one in here who doesn’t look at me like I’m the freak show I am,” Dean attempts to say lightheartedly, but fails, letting Cas know it’s the honest-to-god truth. “I know we just met a few days ago, but... I dunno, you’re kinda the only friend I have.”
"You know I can't discuss his care with you or anyone else, but you rest assured that his therapist has a handle on the situation. Dean nods.
The MA, Leah, has Cas step onto a scale and quickly jots down his weight and height before ushering both men into a small exam room. Dean slumps into a chair in the corner and Cas stands awkwardly next to the exam table as Leah looks at him, puzzled at why he isn’t having a seat.
“Jesus, Cas!” Dean exclaims caught off guard by the way Cas just
“No. Just the pills Dean gives me.”
“Oh, so you can smash my boyfriend’s head into the wall again? I don’t fucking think so,” Dean replies dangerously.
“Fuck, yeah,” Dean affirms, “you bein’ willing to get tattooed for me? Fuckin’ hot as hell.” And as if to clear up any of Cas’s doubts, Dean pushes his hips forward, just enough that Cas can feel his dick, hard in his pants. Cas gasps softly, unconsciously, and Dean grins, leaning in for a long, searching kiss.
“Like I said, I don’t know. Maybe I just remember some stuff about some people.”
“No, it’s okay, just cold,” Cas explains, trying to hold still for the next one. Dean is very gentle, carefully patting each spot dry before moving on to the next. When he is satisfied that they are clean, Dean spreads ointment over each of the raw-looking stripes.
“Eat up,” Dean says gently, handing Cas a plate. He sets the re-warmed coffee on the nightstand beside him. Cas eats quietly, and Dean doesn’t press him for conversation, instead he switches on the TV, keeping the volume low. There’s some cooking reality show or whatever on; the contestants are racing to do some sort of barbecue spare ribs thing.
“Hi Sammy,” Charlie replies, and Sam shoots a glare at Dean.
"But... but I still have a bunch of problems," Cas utters, falling all over his words. "They're just gonna send me right back; I may as well just stay. Maybe my therapist can recommend an extension of my stay. Is that a thing?"
Dean holds him until he has cried himself out, only letting go when he feels Cas’s body stop trembling. Cas is embarrassed, but Dean assures him he has no need to be.
“Yeah, of course,” he says, brushing the tears from Cas’s cheeks with his thumbs before giving him a gentle kiss.
“Uh, I dunno,” Dean replies, staring down at his toast. “I just… Well I’m probably not supposed to be crowding you too much while you’re still recovering…” It’s one of Dean’s most pathetic lies, and he senses that Cas can see right through it.
"No. Thank you though."
Stonehenge with Mt. Hood in the background:
“You, Dean Winchester, have never been insignificant,” Cas says without looking at him.
"Good." Missouri says simply, cleaning up the mess of new and old wounds on Dean's arms.
“Huh,” Dean says and clears his throat, “do, uh, angels have relationships? Like with each other, I mean.”
“Couldn’t take what?”
“I’m just tired.”
“Thanks, Cas,” he grunts, still not completely comfortable shedding tears in front of anybody.
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, and gladly lays back against the pillows on the bed as Dean pulls his shoes off.  Cas is asleep in minutes. His body trembles despite the sweatshirt he is wearing, and Dean gently tugs the blankets over him. When Dean straightens back up, Sam is staring at him with a goofy grin,
What if Cas never wakes up? What if his "grace" or whatever is damaged past repair? The city lights can't shine past the darkness Dean feels creeping over him as these questions play in a loop in his head. He realizes he knows next to nothing regarding angel physiology, if you can even call it that. He assumes that what Anna and Cas had called "grace" is like the angel equivalent of a soul, but what that really means, he isn't sure. What the surgeons are working on - is that even Cas? Or is it Jimmy again? Or maybe it's only an empty vessel that no longer contains Castiel or its original human occupant.
"Dean?" Missouri asks concernedly after Dean remains silent.
“Wanna go with you,” Sam murmurs, face pressed against Dean’s chest again.
“God, I love you,” he says to Cas with a crooked smile before turning on the shower, “never change.”
“This okay, Cas?” Dean asks as he rolls his hips, his neglected cock sliding easily against Castiel’s skin in the mess of come and lube. “‘M not hurting you?”
“Why do you say that?” Billie queries, her voice steady and even, no hint of frustration or anger, and it throws Dean a little; he is only used to confrontation.
Dean's words, the way he moans them make Cas feel great, assuring him that Dean is in fact being satisfied. Cas shifts slightly and cries out loudly when he discovers the new angle has Dean rubbing against him just right inside. He grinds down harder and faster now. trying desperately to stifle the cacophony of sounds he is making, but he loses himself a little.
Dean can't take it anymore.
, Castiel likes it.
“No, Dean, you’re not,” Cas argues gently. When he glances down, he can see blood mixed with the water swirling down the drain. He takes Dean’s hand in his then, examining the bloody knuckles and unnatural swelling along the outer edge of his palm. “Your hand may be, though. Broken, that is.” Cas shuts off the water and reaches for a towel.
“So, if I keep this thing on,” Sam asks, tugging on the cord around his neck, “can I go to Ruby’s today? We have a project to work on for school.” Dean smirks at him.
They are sat at a small table in a corner near a window overlooking the ocean. It’s dark out, but there are still faint whisps of orange and red at the horizon, quickly fading. The lighting is dim inside and there are
“Thanks, Pam, you’re a lifesaver,” Dean states sincerely, “literally.”
“You don’t have to come with me,” Dean says softly, “you can stay here and rest if you want.” But Cas shakes his head.
Dean can't believe what he's hearing. He gapes at Missouri, at a loss for words.
Brief allusion to self-harm.
, together.”
“I’m not an angel anymore,” Cas says in reply, his tone serious.
“Boy, you tell me the truth now, are you really okay?” For a moment Dean thinks
“Shit, Cas, you’re still freezing,” Dean says concernedly, as he feels Castiel’s cool skin and trembling torso. He pulls Castiel’s shirt over his head before peeling off his own damp shirt. Pulling Cas in closer, he presses their bodies together, hoping it’ll warm Cas up.
But, Dean isn’t into dudes… if he were, why has he had so much awesome sex with women? It’s not like the desperate way Castiel had pressed his body up against Dean’s, the breathless sounds Cas had made, the way he’d opened his mouth to accept Dean’s kiss, had made Dean want something so bad it scared him shitless. No, it
"Quit playing games, Dean, it ain't funny," John said coldly.
Too fucking fitting, but it’s one of his favorites, and he can’t skip it. when he sleeps, he has the same dreams he always has, dreams where he’s happy, dreams in which he’s not alone. Only this time, the guy who has his arm around him has the same goddamn green eyes and freckles as the guy across the hall.
“You ever gonna let me meet her?” Dean asks, raising his eyebrows.
At some point sleep takes Dean. When he wakes it's to a knocking on the door. He jerks awake, still leaning against the bedrail, Cas's hand still clasped in his own. He turns to look up at the door, and there's Sammy. If Sam thinks anything about the scene in front of him is odd, he doesn't let on. Dean rises quickly, turning to Sam, a look of relief on his face. The brothers nearly collide in embrace.
“Ahh, feels so good, Dean!” Cas gasps, bringing Dean’s head back to the present moment where Castiel is writhing beneath him, thrusting his dick desperately against Dean’s.
“Oh. My.
Once they are both dry and dressed in boxers, they sit together on the edge of the bed, and Dean hands over the rudimentary first aid kit he keeps stashed in his duffel bag. Gently, Cas spreads ointment over Dean’s knuckles before wrapping them in gauze. Then Cas lets out a frustrated sigh.
“I, uh, I don’t know,” he stumbles over the words. “I’m sorry.”
"You have us," Sam says kindly, "I can share my gross older brother with you."
In front of him, a little distance away, he sees another boy sitting by himself. He seems to be around Dean’s age though relatively thin with unruly dark hair that he keeps running his fingers through as he concentrates on a notebook in front of him. He chews the end of his pencil every so often, rubbing the paper with his finger. It looks like he is sketching something, his fingertips dark with graphite. Dean realizes that
-The Beatles
"So...
“The fuck are you implying, Sam?” Dean counters, “I just didn’t wanna embarrass you! I didn’t wanna fuck you up worse than I figured you’d already been fucked up.”
“What?”
. Castiel can feel the distinctly human sensation of arousal running through his veins, can feel himself growing hard in his pajama pants. Dean can feel it too as Cas grinds his hips up against him, wanting Dean to wrap his strong hand around him, wanting to feel Dean everywhere, sliding a hand up under Dean’s tee shirt. And then an icy feeling creeps up through Dean’s core, and he has to stop this. He flings himself back onto his back, leaving Cas panting, desperate and confused.
“Uh, yeah, Cas, I’ve heard Pink Floyd,” Dean says.
“C’mon, Sammy, it’ll be okay,” Dean tries reassuring him, “just think about the pancakes. You can have chocolate chips and whipped cream.” But Sam just nods despondently, and Cas feels much the same.
“Oookay, Cas, you don’t need to make him any cockier than he already is,” Sam interjects.
“Hmm,” Dean says, carefully considering what she said.
“Of course. Get some more rest.” Cas wishes Dean would kiss him again, but he doesn’t. As Dean gets out of the car, Cas’s stomach is in knots; he can’t stand the uncertainty, wants to know where his relationship with Dean is going.
“I promise,” Castiel says, and he means it. Though he has often been severely depressed, he has never been suicidal; he has always managed to hold out some hope that someday maybe things will be a little better.
“Cas,” he says softly, grasping one of Cas’s hands in his own. Castiel’s eyes flutter open in surprise. “I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it as many times as you need to hear it: there ain’t nothing wrong with you,” Dean says firmly as he gazes up into Cas’s weary eyes.
Dean remembers trudging across the hallway to his bedroom, his body aching, his mind pleading for relief. He had wanted to throw more things, smash the place up, but instead, he collapsed onto his bed, flipping on his old record player, dropping the needle onto whatever record was on the turntable, and rolling up the sleeve of his ratty flannel button-down. The Doors emerged from the speakers. Dean snorted; he is a goddamn cliché.
“Yes, I thought you knew that.” Dean vaguely remembers Cas saying he was going to interview a cat, but honestly, he’d thought Cas was joking, though he should have known Cas doesn’t joke.
“You said you take meds, right? Is there something you can take that would help?” Dean asks, running his fingers through the hair at the nape of Castiel’s neck. Cas shakes his head.
“Yes,” is all Cas says in return, and Dean returns to his food with a renewed smile on his face.
Castiel?” Meg asks irritably, “
“I think I could handle that,” Castiel smiles.
“That’s good to hear,” Billie replies. “Would you like to speak about last night?”
“Does she have an older sister?” Cas asks, oddly serious.
“Jesus, Dean, I don’t even know where to begin!” Sam says, finally turning to face him. Dean can feel his face burning red. “I guess I’ll start with, how long have you been fucking Cas? Is that what got him into this whole mess in the first place?”
"Was that so hard?" it sneers.
"I feel fine. I'm fine," Cas says in reply. Dr. Khatri sighs audibly.
“I know I’m being a wimp,” Cas acknowledges, “I’m just really bad with needles.”
“I’m his brother,” Dean says quickly, and the woman nods and smiles.
“No, I mean, why are you here, giving me food and coffee?” Castiel asks in a pitiful, gravelier-than-usual voice. Cas doesn’t want him here. It hurts. It hurts so much, it surprises Dean.
“I’m not sure about Satan himself,” Dean explains, “I mean, he was supposed to be an angel, right? And I’ve never seen any proof angels exist, but demons? Evil spirits? Yeah. That’s what I’m talking about.”
“You too, Bobby. Thanks again. And you too, Miss,” he says, turning to her, “thanks for everything.”
"Uh, nah, I'm good, plenty warm in my jacket, thanks," Dean says, hurriedly returning the blankets to where they had been. He sounds nervous, and stands awkwardly at the side of the bed.
Then a knocking on the door.
“Oh, yes,” Pam remarks, “ravens are excellent mimics... not to mention they’re smarter than a lot of the humans I know...” She begins rifling through drawers as she speaks, Edgar looking curiously over her shoulder.
“Of course,” he answers with a smile. “Night, Dean.”
"Hi, I'm Dr. Donovan," he says, shaking Dean's hand and offering him a seat. "As I'm sure you are aware, your brother is in serious condition. We have given him a blood transfusion and have started him on antibiotics. A CT scan revealed a ruptured spleen, a lacerated kidney, and extensive damage to the abdominal wall. He is in surgery now." Dean's head is swimming. He's hearing the words, but can hardly grasp the meaning. Surgery? A blood transfusion? But this is Cas. Dean takes a deep breath. He grips his knees tightly, but it doesn't keep his hands from shaking.
"Some. What's for lunch?"
“I’m gonna take good care of you, Cas,” Dean promises, pulling the blanket back up around Castiel’s shoulders. It’s probably close to 80 degrees in the room by now. Dean is beginning to sweat, but Castiel’s skin remains cold. He rubs his hands up and down Cas’s back and sides beneath the blanket in an attempt to bring some warmth back to his skin.
“Ooh, I’m scared,” Meg mocks, “but seriously, have you heard from Cas?”
“Please tell me you didn’t throw a punch at the doctor or something,” Sam sighs.
Dean collapses backward onto the bed near Cas’s feet, groaning, mouth full of egg roll.
“Are you alright?” the nurse asks him, startling him once more. She glances toward the corner Dean had been fixated on before turning back to him. He looks again, and the man is gone. Dean can breathe, though his hands are trembling.
“I’m not trying to ‘make a big deal’ of anything,” Cas says quietly.
“Are you speaking literally, or figuratively?” Billie asks, her eyebrows raised.
“You too. Call if you need anything,” Sam says, climbing into the ridiculously small car. Dean watches him drive off before going back inside.
"Cas, I have fucked up so many damn things, and I just keep fucking up..." And now his frustration and anger and sorrow is rolling down his face in the form of those goddamn tears, and he is powerless to stop it.
“Wow. You never bothered to mention you saved lives with doggie messengers,” Dean laughs. “You’re awesome, Cas.” Dean says it casually, but it fills Castiel’s chest with a warm, happy feeling, and he smiles as he looks down at the beer list he was handed.
“How’s your wrist?” Dean asks Sam next.
The hot water feels strange and tingly as it hits Castiel’s chilled skin. He breathes deeply as the stream runs through his hair, hot against his scalp, before cascading down the back of his neck and shoulders. Dean pulls him close for another long kiss, hands holding Cas firmly at the waist. Finally, Cas ceases trembling from the cold. Instead, shivers of excitement course through his body, his attention drawn to his erection, sliding against Dean’s, pressed between their bodies. It is nearly more than Castiel can handle: Dean’s lips and hands on his skin, strong but gentle, impossibly close, his own human body alight with tingles, sensations he has never experienced before.
Sam rolls his eyes, shaking his head. “Everything leads to porn with you, doesn’t it, Dean?”
meets
"Remember this morning? I told you I'd 'make it up to you.' Well, I got us a room somewhere else for a couple nights. Whatd'ya say to getting away from here for a while?"
Slowly, Sam pushes himself up with his good arm, cradling his right close to his body. It’s already swelling badly, but he doesn’t know what to do. He has nowhere to go for help, and he has no idea when his father will return, so he decides it would be best if he hurried to his room, and stayed there for the rest of the night.
“Thanks, Dean,” Castiel says sleepily, smiling to himself in the dark.
They spend much of the afternoon on the beach, Cas on his knees examining tide pools, and Dean patiently humoring him. If Cas were Sam, Dean would have given up feigning interest long ago, but as it is, Dean is enthralled by the joy and wonder painted across Castiel’s face. The natural world sparks an intoxicating excitement in Cas, and Dean finds himself lost in Castiel’s bright eyes and smiling lips.
“Shit, Cas, you’re
“I know what it’s like to feel worthless, Cas, believe me, I do,” Dean tells him, “just know that’s not how I see you.”
"I still feel terrible," Cas states once he has the dry clothing on. Dean can see he is still shivering and puts a hand on his upper arm. Cas's skin is alarmingly cold to the touch.
And together, the brothers climb out of the car, hurrying through the beginning rain toward the motel room door.
They play record after record as the hours pass into the afternoon, laughing and joking with each other. Cas stretches out on his stomach on Dean’s bed as Dean reclines on the floor, studying him as they converse. Neither of the two can recall the last time he felt as contented or relaxed.
“But you know that’s crap now though, right? I mean only problem your parents really have with you is you’re gay, right?” Dean probes further.
“I’m Castiel,” he mumbles, looking at the floor in front of him, “and I like The Beatles.” When he glances up, Dean is staring right at him. It’s the first time Dean has looked up from his hands since he sat down.
“Better than the women who have done this with you?” Castiel asks quietly when he takes a break for air. Dean opens his eyes slightly to glance at Cas’s expression then, sitting up a little, resting on his elbows.
With a little smile gracing his lips, and a glimmer of hope in his chest, Cas slips the paper safely back into his pocket.
let them fall, damnit! He will not embarrass himself
Dean strides casually back into the hallway then, and right into Sam.
to hear that Dean is on his way.
perfect for each other.”
"I swear, I didn't do it on purpose!" Dean rushes to refute what he knows she must be thinking.
“Damnit, Sam!” Dean sighs. “My brother is a basic bitch,” he says to himself, rubbing a hand over his face.
“We’re really close, Dean.”
"Hey man, you sleeping at all?" Sam asks, taking in Dean's disheveled appearance, complete with dark circles under his eyes.
You think I’m fuckin’ crazy,” Dean says defensively.
“That all depends on you, old man,” Dean bites back, “you get outta here, and no one gets hurt.”
“Oh my god! Dean! Are you okay?” Cas cries, looking up at Dean’s face.
“Dude,” Sam says, shaking his head, “you’re an idiot.”
“I don’t know, Dean,” Castiel says with a sigh.
“Wow.” Dean lets out a big breath. “I’m sorry that happened… we lost our mom as kids too. Maybe you two talked about that?”
"Hey!" Dean exclaims again, "I must not be
“You’re perfect.” Cas states it simply, but Dean reddens, looking down at the floor, shaking his head. “Yes,” Cas says, closing the space between them completely, placing a hand on Dean’s cheek. Then they are kissing again, clinging to each other. Dean’s chest feels like it might explode, and he doesn’t quite understand it; he only knows that he can’t let Cas out of his arms. He only breaks the kiss to step backwards into the shower and pull Castiel carefully in after him.
Sam is acutely aware that Dean has begun drinking as well; he has dragged Dean to bed several times, leaving aspirin and water on his nightstand for the morning. Dean has problems; they all have problems, but nothing could have prepared Sam for this particular afternoon.
“Huh,” Dean says before turning and walking out of the standing stones to overlook the river. “So, do you, like, remember all this being created?” Dean asks, gazing at the vast river and west toward the Gorge.
“Who, Dean? Your dad?” Cas questions urgently, “what are you talking about?” Dean shakes his head, dissolving again into sobs.
“I know exactly what happened to Sam,” Dean growls, his fists clenched, knuckles white.
“Oh, I dunno if that’s a good idea,” Cas replies skeptically. “I don’t even know how to drive normally.”
"Hmph," Missouri says with an eyebrow raised. "Well see to it you don't give him too much trouble now."
But now Castiel is stuck in that awkward in-between place that is being with Dean without being
“Well, it hasn’t worked so far,” Cas snorts.
take care of myself," Cas replies.
“Um, yes,” Castiel answers, “I think so.”
Then Cas is leaning into him again, breathing against the side of his neck, grinding his erection against Dean’s thigh. Dean reaches down with a soapy hand, grasping Cas firmly, beginning to jerk him off. Castiel’s breath catches in his throat, and he clings to Dean as his legs begin feeling weak.
“Here you go, sweetheart, buy yourself something nice,” the guy teased as he dropped the second half of the money into Dean’s lap.
“Not very long,” Dean replies truthfully, “sometimes it really creeps up on you. Why?”
“Shit,” Dean says sourly, “first we gotta shower; I forgot about your appointment today.” In all the turmoil and emotional breakthrough, Dean had completely forgotten he needed to take Cas to his first follow-up appointment since he’d been released from the hospital. Castiel doesn’t look thrilled.
“Goddamnit,” Dean swears again.
"Yes, just cold, and now damp," Cas answers.
“You meant what you said, angel?” Dean murmurs hoarsely against Castiel’s neck as he wraps him tightly in his arms. Cas just stares at him, eyes wide, breathless. “About what you wanna do with me…” Dean adds and Castiel’s eyes go even wider, but he nods assuringly.
“Human emotions?” he asks tentatively, and Cas sniffs and nods. “Personally,” Dean continues, “I like to cram it all deep down inside, pretend it’s not there, and hope it goes away.” Castiel frowns at this. “Dulling the pain with alcohol is also an effective option. Alcohol not your thing? You could try food and meaningless sex.”
“Wanna make our last day alone together count,” Dean breathes, pushing Cas down onto his back. Cas eagerly bends his knees, spreading his thighs so Dean can nestle between them. Dean pours lube into his hand, grasping Cas’s cock firmly as he kisses his way down his chest and abdomen, laving his tongue over Castiel’s scars.
“I can stay up with you,” Cas speaks softly.
“We’ll work on your dirty talk later,” Dean teases, kissing and biting at Cas’s neck. He moves in even closer to Castiel, gripping his own aching cock alongside Cas’s.
“What do you mean?”
“We are,” Sam states defiantly.
“Cheers,” Dean says then, raising his glass. “Cas, you raise your glass too,” Dean instructs when Cas only stares at him. Awkwardly, Cas takes hold of his wine glass, lifting it as Dean has. “Now we clink them together, and then drink to health, or whatever. Don’t ask me why; I don’t know. Just do.” Dean smiles and takes a drink of Scotch. “Wow,” he says. “Guess I should go top-shelf more often,” he adds looking down at his glass. “How’s yours?”
“You bet,” Dean nods, “and it ain’t all
“Has it helped? Being here?” Dean asks sincerely.
” Cas doesn’t seem very satisfied with this answer, but he drops it and they finish the movie as they eat. To Dean’s horror, Cas is in tears again when the closing credits roll.
So many emotions flood Dean's head that he feels suffocated by them. Fear, sorrow, confusion. He can't catch his breath. He is suddenly sure that something bad is going to happen. Something is going to hurt Cas. He NEEDS to get out of here! Cas needs him. Sammy needs him. When he closes his eyes he can see yellow eyes staring back at him from a space that should be devoid of light. He opens his mouth to scream, but nothing will come out. He wants to scramble from the bed, but he is pinned on his back, a crushing weight on his chest. He feels hands wrapping around his throat, and everything goes black.
“‘Course I do,” Dean confirms quietly.
He suddenly has no appetite and pushes his food off to the side, pulling out his sketch pad, hoping his hands aren’t shaking too badly to hold a pencil.
“But being intimate with me scares you more?” Castiel says with hurt in his eyes.
“What?”
“Yeah. I get it. You got nothing to be ashamed of, though, but I get it. I hate feeling vulnerable too,” Dean assures him. “And Cas, please try not to worry about me, or what I ‘want from you’ or whatever; all I want is to help you get through this bullshit.” Cas trembles in his arms, and Dean tightens his grip by a degree. “You got me through one of the worst weeks of my life. Let me return the favor.”
“No, Dean, there aren’t.” Traffic has finally begun to move again, and Cas enjoys watching everything they pass by. “I don’t remember the beginning, but I think we were all created at the same time. We didn’t exist, and then we just did. It is just one of the reasons angels killing angels is so profoundly abhorrent.”
"Yeah, I could think of a few better places to 'do it,'" Cas replies with a laugh.
“Well, you both look tired as shit,” Dean retorts. Again, there is an exceedingly awkward pause in which Dean realizes that neither Cas nor Sam wants to sleep without him, though both are too shy to say so. And Dean is hard-pressed to choose between his frightened little brother and his withdrawal-experiencing boyfriend. After a moment of thought, Dean drags both mattresses onto the floor, shoving them together in the middle of the room. Tossing the bedding haphazardly on top, Dean flops down in the middle, and Sam and Cas join him on either side. Sure, it’s a little fucking weird any way you look at it, sharing a bed with your boyfriend and his little brother or sharing a bed with your older brother and his boyfriend. Still, they’re sleeping behind a locked door, salt lines, and a devil’s trap spray-painted on the carpet, so all the weirdness pales a bit in comparison. Furthermore, Dean can’t deny the serenity afforded his mind with Cas wrapped in his arms and Sammy plastered to his back.
“Yes,” Cas states pensively. “Food seems to make me feel a little better.”
“I will, thank you,” Cas promises softly.
"Castiel!" his mother shrieks, jumping to her feet. "How dare you speak about your sister like that?" She slaps him as hard as she can which, he thinks, is surprisingly hard. "You need to think long and hard about your place in this family, and you'd better hope that this program works, because I've had it up to here with your ingratitude and disrespect on top of your perversion. You are an embarrassment, Castiel." The look his mother gives him is frigid. "Zachariah, deal with this," she adds icily before turning on her heel and storming from the room, slamming the door behind her. Zachariah rounds on him, and Cas knows he's in for it.
"Sure," Cas answers, his countenance brightening by a degree. "So she talked to you too?"
They make it a little more than half way through the movie before Dean’s embrace becomes a little more than an arm around Castiel’s shoulders. Slowly, Dean works his hand down to Castiel’s thigh, massaging slowly until he can sense Cas’s breath hitch, his heart rate quickening. Slowly, Dean leans in, ghosting his breath over Cas’s ear, pressing wet kisses to the side of his neck.
“I’m good,” he declines, his nose wrinkled.
“Whatever, man,” Sam says, rolling over in his bed, “‘night, guys.”
“Yeah. I’m glad you’re happy, Dean,” Sam says sincerely, and Dean can’t help smiling to himself again.
But then Dean is there too, cradling him from behind, his hand placed gently in the center of Castiel’s chest.
"We will do everything in our power," she promises before turning to leave. Dean can't just sit in the waiting room; way too much nervous energy in that place, and it just seems to emphasize how fucked up this whole thing is. Half of these people are probably praying for some angel to watch over their loved ones, and here
“Bye, Sam!” Charlie adds. Sam smiles, gives a little wave, and exits.
"I said, get up!" Zachariah shouts a second time, and Cas scrambles backward, getting to his feet, keeping the bed between himself and his uncle. "Now, if you apologize for your insolence and follow my instructions, you will attend the program and be welcomed back into the family. I may even consider dropping the whole matter of Dean, and your father's complaint against the hospital and that nurse who let that boy near you." Cas swallows hard, afraid to ask what happens if he doesn't comply. As if reading his mind, Zachariah continues. "If you choose not to cooperate, I will personally see that your father's complaint goes through, that that nurse is fired, and that boy is charged with assault." Castiel's jaw drops.
In his room again Dean crawls onto his bed, pulling the blanket up over his head, blocking out the light from the hallway. Eventually he falls into a fitful sleep.
” Cas cries out, bracing himself, panting as he comes in spurts, dripping down the shower wall. “Yeah, Dean,” he calls out after a moment, “I’m, uh, I’m fine!” His legs feel weak. He turns off the water, wraps a towel around himself, and plops down on the closed toilet, leaning his head back as he catches his breath.  It all makes a little more sense to him now.
“Uh, Dean,” Sam says sounding a little less angry, and a little more sad, “why didn’t you ever tell me you’re gay, or bi, or whatever? Don’t you trust me?”
"What? A gross older brother?"
helpless. He is tired of feeling so weak.
for anyone, really, but especially for Cas, he’s fucking terrified. He’s a coward, and he hates himself for that, hates himself for what he’s done to Cas because of his own personal bullshit.
“Yes,” Castiel moans, “very much.” And Dean loves it too, hearing Castiel moaning in pleasure, knowing he’s coaxing the sounds out of him with his fingers and tongue. He slips his fingers into Cas, gently stretching him open. He can feel Castiel relaxing much more quickly this time, eager to feel Dean inside him again.
“I uh, well, I just mean he’s a homophobic sonofabitch,” Dean says, “it’d just be one more disappointing thing about me in his eyes.”
"I could almost kiss you, Sammy." Dean says, almost happily. "I've been living off graham crackers and coffee." Sam waits until Dean's mouth is full so he can't protest.
“Yeah?” he answers breathlessly. And then Castiel’s lips are against his in a clumsy kiss. Cas moves a hand to Dean’s neck, sure he’s probably doing this wrong. He tries again, though, this time involving his tongue, running it along Dean’s bottom lip. Dean, however remains motionless, and Cas begins to panic. What if he’s made a huge mistake? What if he just really sucks at kissing? Dean’s rather…
“No.” Castiel’s face is dark. “I’m trying though, Dean. I’m trying
"Me too," Dean agrees, earning another weak smile from Cas. "Do you live far from here?" Dean asks next.
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel says.
“Holy shit, Cas,” Dean utters as he grabs a washcloth, wets it, and falls to his knees beside Castiel. He places the washcloth on the back of Cas’s neck and rubs a gentle circle on his back as he sighs.
“Did you make any progress this week?” His father’s voice shatters the silence after 15 minutes or so of scrutinizing Castiel via the rear view mirror. Castiel startles violently.
“Oh, Cas,” Dean breathes, kissing the side of your head. “Well, I’d like to get off doing that with you again soon, if you’re game.” And he can feel Cas huff a laugh against his neck through his tears.
"It's called
“Well, I mean, I’ve never done it with a dude before, but I know it’s kinda different when it’s two guys, not a guy and a woman…” Dean’s having a hard time saying what he is trying to say.
“Real men drink black coffee; everyone knows that,” Dean snaps, defensively.
“Cool. Wanna see it sometime,” Dean says.
“Dean, the only time I feel relatively okay is when I’m with you. My mind seems to calm, and my body… my body is bearable when you’re touching it. More than that. It feels excited, pleasurable actually. And last night was, um…
"Um, are you sure you're alright?" Cas asks as they reach their doors, gazing shyly at Dean. Dean tries to shrug off the question again, but fails, shaking his head in admission.
” Dean asks, voice lowered, once the waitress walks off.
What Castiel had failed to tell Dean was that the reason why his father had never beaten him was that he could pay someone to do it for him.
“So, uh, I was… it was satisfying?” Cas looks at him hopefully.
“Guess I might as well tell you,” Dean groans, and Cas again wonders why it seems that Dean
"Are you alright, sugar?" Missouri asks kindly. Dean shakes his head, a tear betraying him, dripping down his cheek.
“Don’t need your sympathy,” Dean says coldly. Castiel swallows the lump in his throat. “Why are you here?”
, like
He remembers the gravel digging into his knees through the holes in his jeans, how he gagged so hard his eyes watered and the guy laughed at him. He remembers fighting the urge to bite the guy as filthy words about him poured out of the guy’s mouth, words regarding what a pretty slut he is, how nice he’d look with a dick in his ass. He remembers how it felt to have a stranger’s fingers tangled in his short hair, burning his scalp as his grip tightened.
“Uh, it’s me. Is everything okay?” Castiel asks hesitantly.
“Hey, kid,” the officer at the wheel said to him after a while. Dean was startled, but also confused by her kind tone. “I know you’re probably scared shitless right now, but you’re young; you’ve still got plenty of time to turn this shit around.” He didn’t know what to say so he just sniffed and wiped his nose on his sleeve, his face burning with shame under the gaze of the officer in the rear view mirror.
“‘M so sorry,” Dean murmurs again. “You deserve so much better than this.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asks irritably. Sam indicates his cheek. “Oh, goddamnit,” Dean groans, peeling the bandaid off his cheek as if it had deeply insulted him, revealing a small abrasion underneath.
"'Cause they're sending me to a place that does that." Castiel sounds broken, and Dean wants to punch something.
“Yeah, I guess. Sort of like writing ‘Dean was here’ on a truck stop bathroom wall,” Dean jokes. Cas stares at him, confused.
. It’s too humiliating, too revealing, his vulnerability on stark display.
“A little research.”
“Wouldn’t hold my breath,” Dean murmurs. “Don’t think he wants me back.” Missouri just shakes her head.
Dean smiles to himself as he senses Cas drifting to sleep on his chest. That he can give the boy any semblance of peace imbues him with a deep contentment, as if maybe, just
“Vicodin?” Dean questions as he hands them over.
“Sounds good,” Dean says, taking another drink of coffee.
“Honestly, I kinda can’t believe I said all that; I hadn’t really even said it to myself before now.” Billie smiles knowingly at him.
Soon, Dean can feel Cas’s hard cock pressing against his thigh again.
“Common misconception, actually,” Castiel states matter-of-factly.
"Cas, jeez, if that's really possible, it would solve
"Well, I'll try to keep her from harassing you," Missouri replies sympathetically.
“I didn’t have a plan. I… I don’t know. Dean, ever since I woke up in that hospital bed, I’ve been having feelings I don’t understand. I don’t understand my body, and I don’t understand the way my brain works.”
"There's coffee available in the waiting area. If you want
“Dude, what are you talking about? You’re not gay, you just have sex with men? You hear yourself, right?” Sam says, shaking his head.
At breakfast, Castiel takes the same seat he always does, and Dean, it appears, has chosen the same spot as the day before as well. It would be so easy to get up and go talk to him, that is, if it weren’t for the fact that Castiel is painfully shy, and that feeling is only compounded by how incredibly attractive he finds Dean. So Castiel eats robotically, doing his best not to stare, trying to focus on the drawing in front of him, but he really can’t concentrate. Once, he glances up and Dean’s pretty eyes are fixed on him. Cas averts his gaze quickly, but he can feel his cheeks burning, cursing himself for how obvious he must be.
“Honestly?” Dean answers calmly, “our dad’s gone a lot. It’s usually just me and Sam at home. I’m the one that looks out for him. Please, Missouri, I just want to know he’s okay so I won’t worry about him all day.” Missouri sighs.
Castiel struggles to keep his hand steady on Dean's shoulder, hoping his palm doesn't sweat through Dean's shirt.
Dean would be hard-pressed to admit it aloud, but they’re
“Put the gun away?” Cas blushes, embarrassed by how nervous its presence makes him. Dean nods, tucking it into the back of the waistband of his jeans. It’s not precisely what Cas had in mind, but at least it’s out of sight. “Is it, um, real?” Cas asks next.
“What place are we burning down?” Sam asks, returning to the table. He grabs an empty chair and pulls up next to Charlie.
"Fine," Dean whispers. This is all too much. He wishes Cas were here. Dean draws his knees up to his chest, wrapping his arms around them and resting his throbbing forehead on them. He tries desperately to calm himself, tries to control his breathing, but his heart hammers away in his chest as a feeling of panic pricks at his skin. He wants to scream and shout and sob, but instead, he weeps silently, curling into himself as tightly as he can as Yellow Eyes laughs softly at him from a short distance away.
ready. And Dean has to shove that thought aside for a minute. It’s just
“Good news, Cas,” Dean says happily as he slides into the driver’s seat. “Sounds like they didn’t find any signs of infection with all those tests they did.”
to corrupt your virgin ears,” Dean jokes, winking suggestively.
“We?”
“As if I’d give you
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, hoping Sam will move on but knowing he won’t.
“Okay, Dean,” Sam agrees warily.
“Am I busy?” Cas snorts, “busy with what? Hiding in my bedroom from my god-awful family? Seriously, Dean, it’s been awful. I can’t get out of here soon enough.” The brutal honesty in Cas’s voice pulls painfully at something in Dean’s chest.
"Nevertheless, James and I are eternally grateful for your efforts as, I am sure, is Castiel." When his mother finally turns to look at him, taking a seat in the chair, though much further from him than Zachariah had sat, her gaze is cold.
"Good," John huffed, collapsing on the couch and cracking open another beer as his son scurried from the room.
“Everything alright guys?” It’s Cas, sitting up, yawning and stretching.
to the boy. What do you have to say for yourself?"
“Cool, what are we watching?” Dean asks, watching the popcorn pop.
must be what a dad is supposed to be, and that just starts the goddamn waterworks.
“How did you think they’d numb your hand?”
"I... I don't know," Castiel stammers. He hates how he can never seem to find the right words in any given situation.
This time Dean really does spit his beer across the table.
“Really, dude, after one beer?” Dean chuckles softly.
"Me too. Do you have a car?" Dean asks, and Cas's cheeks flush a little pink as he shakes his head.
“Not gonna happen; like you said, you’re doing fine,” Dean says, pulling Cas up from the bed. “And I’ll make it up to you. Promise,” he adds, wrapping his arms around the man. “But we gotta hurry. Only got an hour!”
To Castiel’s relief, it seems that Dean
“Where have I heard that?” Dean groans, grinning over at Cas.
“Really? You don’t recognize that name?” he asks hopefully.
“Couldn’t sleep. Couldn’t take it anymore.”
“I’m sorry,” Dean chokes out.
“Oh. Yeah, I’m fine,” Cas lies, “just enjoying the scenery.” But then, something inside him throws caution to the cool, misty wind, and Cas is turning, wrapping both arms around Dean, not kissing him, but burying his face in Dean’s shoulder instead. He can feel Dean tense, but then relax into the embrace (probably once Dean realizes no one is paying attention to them). After a minute or two, Dean clears his throat gently.
“No, it’s not that, I just... I dunno. I think he’ll be really surprised. I just want to figure out the best way to tell him,” Dean says unsteadily.
“Let’s do it,” Cas says with resolve after a moment of contemplation.
He's gonna wake up." But Sam can tell Dean doesn't believe his own words.
“Are you awake?”
“Jeez, Cas. Don’t worry about it, alright? And I’ll try not to be such a dick. Sam hasn’t been much help. Sometimes he can drive me nuts. Brothers, right?”
"What do you mean?" Dean asks. "I'm sure you've seen people skewered on all kinds of stuff." Sam raises his eyebrows and shoots his brother a look that says "
"I'm... I'm glad you like what you see," Castiel murmurs, eyes averted.
“We could tell one of the nurses here the truth.”
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says quietly after a moment. Dean may have many shortcomings, but disloyalty is not one of them, and for that, Cas is sincerely grateful.
"Well, that's one way to remember it," Dean says as he finally gets himself under control.
“I was just wondering if I could put some new music on my iPod,” Castiel says softly.
“Fuck, Cas, I love you
“Come with you,” Cas says quickly, still unable to bear the thought of being left alone for any period of time. He sits up, wincing, on the edge of the bed after pulling on his underwear under cover of the blankets. Dean kneels in front of him then and carefully wraps his ankle before handing him the rest of his clothes.
“Are you calling me immature?” Dean gasps, feigning offense. Cas just shrugs his shoulders, quirking his head to the side.
me if I needed help, but I guess this is easier for my dad than having to look at me at home.” Dean raises his voice more than he means to, and the nurse seems a little uneasy. She quickly finishes up and excuses herself from the room, leaving him alone to change out of his hospital gown and into a pair of the dark green scrubs worn by psychiatric inpatients. He isn’t used to wearing short sleeves; he would usually wear a long-sleeved flannel over his tee-shirt, effectively hiding the collection of scars he has accumulated over the years. Now, the worst of them are covered by the bandages, but there are visible scars on the insides of his biceps, which make him uncomfortable. He has some tattoos that are visible now, too: different occult wards and sigils that most people assume are related to “devil worship.” Those assumptions couldn’t be farther from the truth.
“Me too, believe me.” Together, they sit on the couch. Dean sits cross legged with his back against an arm of the couch, and Sam copies him.
“Not another goddamn word from you,” Dean growls. “We will
you’re fuckin’ sexy when you’re jealous,” Dean breathes against Castiel’s neck.
“No can do, Dean,” a familiar yet simultaneously unfamiliar voice taunts. “I mean, I hate to say ‘I told you so,’ but... Nah, that’s not true. I love it; I’ll admit it. I told you so.” Dean won’t look up; he can’t. He clings to his baby brother, unable to take his gaze from Sammy’s sheet-white face. Then there is a hand at his chin, forcing his body to comply, to look at the figure addressing him.
“Not of Cas, that’s for damn sure,” Sam replies, shoving a beer at Dean, and then a second, more gently, at Cas.
what I see." He draws Cas in for another kiss. "Wish we'd started this a long time ago." Cas can see a glimmer of regret in Dean's perfect eyes, but smiles and kisses him again.
put this on me, boy,” John growls, standing from his spot on the couch, and Sam knows he’s in for it this time. “I didn’t make Dean do shit! Dean’s weakness has nothing to do with me!”
“Pamela, darling,” a voice croons from the corner, startling Sam, who takes a swift step backward, colliding with Cas. Pam laughs warmly.
what Cas will be doing in there.
“Cas, you sure about that?” Dean asks, still dumbfounded. Castiel’s brow furrows and he looks confused.
bring it up again. You hear me, boy?" John spat, releasing Dean roughly from his grip.
“Yes,” Castiel answers, a weak smile on his lips, “I think I would like that, thank you.”
“I... what if I’m not tough enough?” Sam questions shakily.
“What are you, 12?” Dean groans.
Dean is shaking, and he is suddenly gasping for breath. He feels like he needs to run. He needs to be
“Th-thanks,” Sam stutters, looking a little shell-shocked. He lifts the pouch to his nose, making what Dean would call a “bitch face.”
“I know,” Dean smiles to himself. “Listen, man, I’m sorry; this isn’t the way I wanted you to find out.” Sam takes a deep breath, blowing it out slowly.
“I dunno… I just always figured it must have been
“Oh my god,” Cas gasps, “what happened?”
“I did this,” Dean says finally, “you got nothing to be ashamed of.” Cas’s eyes are wide when they lock on Dean’s.
“Alright then,” Dean says, and they begin the assent. The path is paved and easy to navigate, but it is much steeper than anything Cas has attempted since his release from the hospital. He is breathing heavily almost immediately, but declines Dean’s offer to turn back. Dean can sense his determination then and quits his questioning, resolving instead to make sure Cas gets there. Their progress is slow. Dean offers Cas his arm and can feel Cas leaning into him a little harder with each step they take. About halfway up, Cas relents, agreeing to take a short break on a bench at the side of the trail.
“What are you talking about?” Dean asks with a furrowed brow.
he asks in his head.
“Was... Was the guy okay after that?” Cas asks tentatively.
“Yes, Dean; I would enjoy that,” he says with a wide smile.
, Cas?” Castiel opens his mouth to reply, but he is struck speechless.
Castiel returns his phone to its hiding place, running his conversation with Dean over and over again in his head.
When he can finally see the source of the bleeding, Dean breathes a sigh of relief.
The forecast for this chapter: fluffy with a chance of smut 🙂
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas asks gently. Dean doesn’t answer.
Ok so this is completely unrelated to this story, but I just watched the latest episode(15), and OMG, I would totally watch a spin-off that was just Cas and Jack solving murders. Like
"Fuck," Cas swears, "how old were you?"
done to people. I’m sure you can come up with more.”
"So we can't sue you if he gets sick, right?" Dean says dryly.
“What, are you my therapist now?” Dean snarks.
“Who’s Ruby?” Cas chimes in after a moment.
"Okay. Yeah, thanks." Dean stands slowly and follows the nurse down a hallway, and then another and another. The place is huge. He doubts he'll remember how to get anywhere. As they walk Emily points out where he can get something to eat or drink, where the restrooms are, where to get decent cell reception, and so on.
"Uh, Dean, your hand's bleeding," Castiel says suddenly.
“At least you’re healing fast I guess,” Dean sighs. “I can’t say I’ll miss hanging out in this place.”
he thinks. He can’t remember the last time he’d said the “L word” to a romantic partner. But it’s true; he does
“Okay,” Sam says, hiccuping, “I- I will.”
“Oh, Cas,” he sighs, kissing Castiel’s unruly hair.
In some ways Cas reminds Dean of Sam: Cas has an air of innocence about him. He seems sweet and honest and accepting like Sam. But there’s something else about him too, something that is very unlike Sam, something in those blue, blue eyes that draws him in. Castiel is so
“Nevertheless,” Dean goes on after a pause, “I wanna do better, Cas.” Cas smiles against Dean’s chest.
"Castiel, I thought we were making so much progress," Zachariah sighs, "but your father told me what happened, how that boy put his arms around you, and you allowed it or, rather, encouraged it. To hear your father tell it, you
Dean laughs again. “Yeah, I hear that’ll happen.”
“Uh, Ruby,” Sam says nervously, “this is Dean and his... and Cas.”
“I thought I’d be okay on my own, but I started to get really nervous, and I didn’t want to interfere with your clinic visit or time with Sam, so I decided to take a walk. I ended up at the bar we went to last night, and Charlie recognized me, and we started talking. When her shift was over, she offered to come stay with me until you got back.”
"It is breathtaking," Castiel says so quietly Dean isn't sure he said anything at first.
“Do you?” Cas asks again. “I don’t understand why you kiss and hold me and then act like you regret it all afterward.” And with that, Cas breaks down, tears leaking down his face, and Dean wants to reach out and hold him again, but fear paralyzes him.
“You saw how they are, Dean,” Cas says quietly. “That’s how they always are. Threats, ordering me around, telling me what a fuck-up I am. I just can’t take it anymore.”
“Didn’t exactly have time to shower,” Dean shoots back, “‘sides, thought you were comin’ back tomorrow.”
“Cas,” Sam says, handing him the other plate, “most grown adults swallow their food before speaking.”
Cas quickly gathers his things, though forgetting his iPod, and storms off toward his room, leaving a shellshocked Dean in his wake.
"Thanks, Sammy. And, listen... I'm sorry... for everything."
“Yes, of course, Dean,” she assures him.
“I, uh...” Castiel stutters, devoid of any intelligent thought.
"Nothin' to be sorry for," Dean says before taking a deep breath and blowing it out slowly. "Cas," he says next, looking up into those deep blue eyes, "I see demons."
Child physical abuse (well actually teen abuse), implied/referenced sexual abuse, homophobia, manipulative psychological abuse
” she says, rolling her eyes, “but I can tell.”
“It’s never been this bad before,” Sam confides, failing to conceal his terror.
Squeezing his eyes closed, he collapses on top of Cas, his ears ringing, breaths coming hard and ragged, his consciousness narrowing to a world that contains him and Cas and nothing else. When he raises his head again, eyes fluttering open, Cas is smiling softly, his eyes gently closed, slowly regaining control of his breath. He traces Castiel’s lips with his fingers, admiring the grace of the man’s face before kissing him again slowly. He licks the come from Cas’s chin; it’s salty and bitter, but it’s
When Sam arrives, his beaming face is enough to melt Dean’s heart. Coming home to find his big brother there, alive and well, clearly means the world to Sam, and he conveys it by squeezing Dean around the middle and refusing to let go until he sees fit. Dean can’t complain, though; after all he has put Sam through, he aims to give his little brother anything he wants.
“Gross, Dean. What are you, twelve?” Sam says, nose all wrinkled up, “chew and swallow, dude.”
Outside, Dean climbs into Bobby’s truck, and almost can’t believe it’s real, he’s
"I don't know about that..."
“Yeah. It’s not like I love being here, but I don’t mind it so much, really,” Cas says.
“Dean!” Pamela exclaims when he and Cas traipse inside, “you’re a sight for sore eyes.” She tugs him into an unyielding embrace. Cas glances around, examining his surroundings. “Witchy” is the adjective he would elect if he had to describe it. The place abounds with animal skulls, occult symbols, drying herbs, and crystals. What appears to be some sort of altar adorns the back wall. He likes it, in some measure, because he knows how much his family would abhor it.
“People have always had their priorities straight…” Dean muses.
and still sees something worthwhile in him.
“Dean,” Castiel gasps. He is beginning to hyperventilate. “Dean, I can’t breathe,” he continues, panicked.
“Adolescent psychiatric unit, how can I help you?” a female voice answers the call.
“Ten thousand dollars,” Cas answers.
“How old are you really, boy?” Dean cringed at that.
“Oh, uh s-sorry, what?” he stammers.
“I know that,” Cas replies, “and that’s good because ten grand is all I’ll ever have of my family’s fortune.”
“So you
“Meg, leave that poor boy alone,” Missouri’s voice comes from down the hall. “You run along to your session now,” she adds. “How are you doing, dear?” she asks Castiel as she pauses at his door.
“I can’t talk about this right now,” Dean says suddenly, flipping on the light and jumping out of bed.
“Yeah. And you know, Gabe’s the only one who’s right about you, right? I don’t think it matters whether you’re into guys or girls, or both.”
“S’gonna be okay,” Dean whispers instead, “promise.” Castiel wishes he could believe him. He begins to shake his head, but then Dean’s lips are at his temple, his cheekbone, his jaw. Gentle kisses, barely there, brushing lightly against his skin. Castiel’s heart races; he doesn’t want this to stop, but he’s sure Dean will realize what he’s doing soon enough and end it again before it goes any further.
“Dean,” Castiel nearly begs at last,
“Of course, Dean,” she says with a wide smile, “you take care of yourself now, you hear me? And tell Cas the same.” Dean can feel his cheeks reddening again as he nods, promising he will.
“No, I don’t think so,” Dean says, “just sounds like you’re gonna be miserable for a while.”
"No choice in what?" Castiel asks quietly, nervously watching his uncle rise and walk to the door. To his utter surprise, his mother is waiting on the other side. She gingerly steps into the room, dressed in a pressed pantsuit and heels, looking altogether like she is stepping into something filthy though the place is pristine.
"Pretty soon. He's in recovery now, but he'll be transferred to intensive care soon, and you'll be able to see him there."
“And of course, angels don’t have orgasms,” Cas adds plainly, and Dean snorts a laugh.
“Oh! I almost forgot,” Sam says suddenly, pulling a Sharpie out of his pocket, “you wanna sign it?” he says to Dean, proffering the marker and his casted arm.
“Why? Just cuz you got in trouble for stealing?” Dean thanks a god he isn’t sure exists that Sam wasn’t told the truth about what he’d done. “I don’t understand. Dad steals stuff all the time!”
“He’s getting better though, right?” Sam asks eventually.
“Huh,” is all Cas can think of.
“Touché.”
finds himself hoping Dean will talk to him again. Every time the door opens, he looks up hopefully, but each time, he is disappointed. Eventually, dinner ends without Dean’s ever making an appearance, and Castiel finds himself worrying a little. They aren’t usually allowed to skip meals; it must have been something serious that happened.
Dean is cuddling him right the fuck back. And there Sam is with his fucking phone out, laughing as he snaps a picture.
“‘Cause I’m a fuckin’ embarrassment,” Cas snaps without meaning to. Dean raises his hands in surrender, and Cas apologizes before adding, “you wanna know why? So you can pick on me like everyone else?”
“I’m so sorry,” the nurse says as she peeks her head into the room. “Dean?”
“Shit,” Dean says quietly.
is the one staring now when the boy glances up, making eye contact with him. Dean immediately looks back down at his plate, but not before noting how strikingly blue those eyes were.
“Okay. Feels better now that it’s fixed,” Sam answers, holding out the arm with a cast. Sam had chosen neon green for the color.
"Hello, Dean," Castiel says dryly, "please help yourself to my food."
"Dean, this is serious," Missouri says calmly.
" he groans. "She was trying to tell me he didn't exist. Now I feel like an idiot."
"'Hard to describe' good, or 'hard to describe' bad?" Dean asks, concerned.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean confirms. “I think that’s part of why it’s so complicated. I really don’t wanna fuck things up with him. I’ve never had a really close friend, and I... the thought of... it sucks, thinking something could happen and I wouldn’t see him again.”
“Why?” Cas asks quietly, his voice more a low growl than anything.
"We should go find a room. I know I could use some sleep too." Dean doesn't respond. "Dean?"
“Hey man, you okay?” Sam asks, getting up and following Dean to the door.
“Ha!” Castiel laughs, “my dad’s a total fucking hypocrite. My mom’s hooked on pills, Lucifer is basically a felon waiting to be caught, Michael is a conceited douchebag and pathological liar, Gabe is a kleptomaniac who enjoys coke and hookers, and Anael is a total narcissistic slut, and I may be losing track, but I think she’s had like three abortions. But yeah,
“Really?” Cas asks, openly fascinated, “you’ve seen them do magic and stuff?”
“You wouldn’t mind?” Sam replies, straightening up with his book in hand.
“Definitely.”
But Castiel can’t forget about it. He does, however, jam his earbuds into his ears and pull out his sketchbook. He sketches through
"Well, thank you. Thanks for taking care of him."
“We name lots of stuff after the devil too,” Dean replies as
“It means a lot to hear you say that,” Cas admits. “I never thought I’d tell any of this to anyone. I always assumed if I told someone, they’d just tell me I should have done something about it, that I should have gone for help after the first time it happened. I still tell myself that all the time, even though I know better.”
“That felt great,” Dean says groggily, “almost forgot sleep could be that nice.”
"Uh, yeah, I know; we've met."
“I am too, Dean. You have no idea,” Cas says, reaching for the hand Dean has resting on the table. Dean has to fight very valiantly to keep his eyes from darting around to see who’s watching, but he is victorious, unconsciously biting his lip as he allows Cas to hold his hand. Just as he does, the waitress approaches, and Dean can feel his face burning. She is young and pretty, and Dean thinks he can almost see a look of disappointment flit across her face as her eyes take in their hands and probably the love-sick look on Cas’s face, but she smiles and goes through her spiel, listing the day’s specials and handing them menus. Accepting his menu gives Dean an excuse to reclaim his hand from Cas. When she asks if they would like to order drinks, Dean jumps at the opportunity, ordering whatever “fancy-ass Scotch” they have, neat, which elicits a flirty laugh from the waitress. Cas, however, looks at a loss.
“I’m not trying to accuse anyone of anything, but we do have to consider all possibilities,” Lisa replies.
"Oh!" Dean says, surprised, looking anywhere now but at Castiel's naked form. "Uh, here..." Dean holds the clothes out and Cas takes them, dressing rather awkwardly.
“Sure, Dean,” Castiel replies half-heartedly. His mind has been in a negative, downward spiral the whole drive back.
Castiel can’t recall a time when he felt more content. Curled up in Dean’s strong arms, he feels safe, secure,
“I don’t know about that. Honestly, though? I don’t really mind being here. Better than being home,” Castiel says lightly.
something, or at least he hopes it does. It does for him. It means
“Yeah, yeah,” Sam chokes, “I’m here. I uh, I think he took a bunch of Oxy with alcohol.”
“Fuck yeah,” Dean says, “food porn!” And he flops down on the bed.  Cas’s bed. They sit quietly beside each other and whatever tension was in the air between them dissipates a little. There is A LOT that needs to be said, but Cas agrees with Dean; it can wait til the headache and nausea eases up a bit. As they watch one goofy show after another, the distance between the two shrinks slowly until Cas is nodding off again, slumped against Dean’s shoulder. As Cas succumbs to sleep, he drops the burrito wrapper in his lap. Dean reaches for it, wanting to avoid a cheesy, salsa-y mess, waking Castiel in the process.
“Come on, just give it a try! It’s funny,” Cas cajoles.
“Hmph.”
"Oh, oh fuck, baby," Dean breathes, kneading Cas's thigh with his good hand. "How does that feel, Cas?" he asks, gazing up into Castiel's eyes. "Cas?" he repeats after it's been a moment and Cas has yet to respond.
“Hey, Cas, listen to me,” Dean murmurs against his neck, “Cas, I love you, okay? My feelings haven’t changed any from earlier this morning. I’m not ashamed to be with you or anything like that, I’m just nervous. I dunno, it’s probably stupid, but this is
Castiel hears Missouri chat with Dean briefly, asking if he’s alright, before entering his own room and closing the door.
"Oh my gosh!" she gasps, slapping a hand over her mouth, "you're right! I'm sorry! I mean, it's okay if you do do it! I tried it once."
“Cas, breathe with me,” Dean murmurs, panicked but refusing to show it.
“What do you have in mind?”
a bitch,” Sam teases, “maybe we shoulda brought Cas, ’cause I’m not holding your hand in there...”
“Okay. What does it have to do with?”
“Yeah,” Cas says, seeming to calm when his eyes fall on Dean. “Must have passed out for a minute.”
“Isn’t he a little young?” Cas suggests softly, coming to Sam’s rescue, aware of the look of fear in Sam’s expression.
“Well, I dunno, I guess I didn’t really think…” Cas says sheepishly. “Didn’t think much past getting away from… that situation.”
"Cas!" Dean calls frantically. Cas freezes before quickly turning toward him. Cas's face is somber, but Dean can see a longing in his eyes. Throwing all caution to the wind, Dean rushes down the hallway, and before Missouri can even register what is happening, Dean is wrapping his arms fiercely around Cas, who seems to melt into him, burying his face in Dean's chest. Castiel’s hair is soft against Dean’s cheek, his body warm in Dean’s arms, and Dean doesn’t want to let go. He doesn’t want to be alone again.
“Jesus fucking Christ!” It’s Sam, frozen in horror in the doorframe, keys in his hand, other hand pressed firmly over his eyes. Quickly, he turns away, slamming the door shut behind him.
Dean figures they’d probably be suspicious. Maybe it’s for the best, but he had promised Sam…
“Thank you, Dean,” Castiel says, sniffing and wiping his nose on the sleeve of his sweatshirt. “Your car
Castiel can’t remember the last time he felt so relaxed and simply happy. He leans over a tide pool on his hands and knees, watching happily as tiny fish dart away from his shadow. It’s amazing; there is so much life in this small pool of water, all of it completely oblivious to the world outside of the cubic foot of the universe that it occupies. The flora and fauna of the pool, perfectly balanced, depend on each other for survival; without one link, the chain would be broken. Cas scoops what appears to be an empty shell out of the pool, holding it out for Dean to see. After a moment, however, tiny legs and two eyes on stalks sprout from the shell’s opening, and the little hermit crab scuttles across Cas’s palm and over the edge, plopping back into the pool below. Cas laughs happily at the look of surprise on Dean’s face.
“Cas?” Dean whispers after a while.
As Castiel lies back down, Dean gingerly begins to unbutton his blood-soaked shirt, the dark red blood in stark contrast with the light blue hue of the shirt. Dean is afraid of what he will find underneath. His brow furrows and his face hardens as he tosses Castiel’s shirt aside. It is as bad as he had feared. Castiel’s chest rises and falls quickly as he draws shallow breathes. Dean surveys the angel’s wounds and is sure that had Castiel been a regular human being, he would be long dead by now.
"Castiel, there is no need to worry," Zachariah says in an oily attempt to sound soothing, sitting next to Cas on the bed, snaking an arm around Cas's shoulders. Castiel wants to scream, but remains quiet, cowed as always, even when his uncle's touch brings bile to the back of his throat. "This is all in your best interest. These programs have cured many young men like yourself." Castiel squeezes his eyes shut, suddenly trembling with anger. He tries to remember what Missouri told him, what Dean told him:
“It still feels so strange,” Cas says then, “having a human body, but being with you… I am enjoying the experience with you, learning what it’s like… what physical contact with another human is like… what physical pleasure is like.” Dean kisses him again, gently, cradling his face in his hands like Castiel is something delicate.
After a while, Castiel thinks he can feel the pain killers kicking in. He still hurts, but it is dulled, and he feels warm and sleepy. Eventually he falls into a deep sleep.
“This has been a big day for you, Cas,” Dean murmurs between kisses, “first tattoo, first time driving... first time gettin’ head,” he finishes with a smirk.
“I know,” Cas says, “she warned me, but it hasn’t yet. I feel great... Dean, come here.”
“Physically? Much better, actually,” Cas answers without withdrawing from Dean’s side.
“Quiet Sam!” John barked. Dean wanted to shout at him, ask him where he gets off talking to Sammy like that, tell him this is all his damn fault for being such a shit father, but he didn’t say anything.
” Cas says in response to the horrified look on Dean’s face. This does little to assuage it.
“Where should I start?” he asks, looking up at Dean.
.” Dean sees red.
“It makes a person feel rather small, doesn’t it?” Castiel asks, “how vast the world is.” He rests his folded forearms against the short stone barrier surrounding the point as he gazes east.
“Listen, I’ve got to try…I can’t sit here and do nothing.” Dean splashes some of the alcohol over the angel’s wounds. Castiel lets out a cry and bites his lip in pain. Dean can see his neck and face tightening as Castiel squeezes his eyes shut. The attempt to clean the wound seems futile, but Dean progresses. He attempts to stem the flow of blood with the towel before pulling out a lighter and a needle and thread. “Cas, how are you doing?” The angel makes a sound that doesn’t resemble words. “Cas, stay with me.”
this will constitute some sort of atonement for his sins.
"Well you gotta be one of the two," John growled at him. "If you ain't lying to me, you're a fucking lunatic, and you know I don't got the time or money to deal with that."
Cas’s hands seem shy, almost, unsure of where they should be, what they should be doing. His breathing is irregular. His heart feels like it’s going to wear a hole in his chest wall. Dean moves carefully, straddling Castiel’s hips and pulling his own shirt off over his head, giving Cas a show. Cas can’t look away. Dean is perfect; he is lithe, has the slim body of a seventeen-year-old, but his chest is defined, muscles built naturally by heavy lifting and hard work. Cas feels inadequate in comparison, a part of him wanting to shut this whole thing down before Dean can remove his clothing and discover the disappointment that lies beneath; but Cas remembers that Dean has already seen his body, the worst of it, and
“When do I get to go home?” he questions, ignoring the plate set before him.
"Yeah," Dean confirms with a shrug as they begin walking down the hallway.
real, Dean has to pry himself from Cas’s grip, sitting up and rubbing his face, shaking off whatever feeling he was feeling. When Dean sits up, Cas wakes.
“What’s irritating?” Dean asks.
“Uh, yeah, you too Cas.” Dean says stiffly.
“Ah, that’s amazing,” Cas breathes softly, “please don’t stop.” Dean sucks at the space beneath his jaw, sending shivers through Castiel’s body, before tugging at the hem of his shirt, prompting Cas to sit up and help Dean remove it. They settle back in, and Dean presses his tongue flat against Cas’s chest, dragging it slowly up his sternum as Cas moans softly.
“No,” Cas says reassuringly, “I really don’t mind listening. I’m just sorry I don’t have much insight to give.” Dean smiles wistfully at him.
would that be?” Dean asks sourly.
“Oh, different things. Things like ‘help me get this stupid sweater off,’ and ‘tell him to throw the damn ball already.’ Sometimes they told me deeper things. A Labrador once told me she was afraid her person was going to kill himself.”
of hard work and break your dear mother's heart?"
“Yeah, like what?”
and everyone else does,” Cas blurts, looking down at his hands. Dean just stares at him blankly.
“Hey, why don’t you give him this? I feel like a dumbass for not thinking of it earlier,” Sam says as he tosses on older model iPhone at Dean, followed by a pair of headphones. “There’s no phone plan on it, but he could use the hospital WiFi.”
“Fuck you, Dean,” Cas says, half joking, and half actually angry. Dean looks surprised, to say the least. “Don’t act like I’m somehow ‘better’ than you because my shitty family has money or ‘connections’ or whatever. I’m sick of being treated like my family somehow reflects on who
“This will help. Wear it around your neck, and don’t take it off. Come back in a few years, and we can tattoo the permanent solution.”
“Sorry,” Cas replies.
“Yeah, I guess. It still doesn’t make much sense,” Cas answers, “but I suppose I still have a lot to learn.”
And then there was Dean’s reaction… No. He can’t think about that right now. He can’t think about the way Cas had kissed him, how endearingly naive it was, like a first kiss after a fucking school dance. Shit. It probably
“Uh, yeah,” Cas answers, turning toward the voice. It’s Dean, and he looks so sincere that Castiel feels suddenly like he has forgotten how to breathe.
“I’m sorry, I’m not sure,” the nurse answers.
When meal time is over, Castiel finds himself disappointed, unready to end the time with Dean.
“No, Dean,” Cas says emphatically, shaking his head, “it’s not your fault. This probably sounds stupid, but that hug really meant a lot to me.”
"Wow," Dean remarks, "you really got cold out there. You really need to be more careful. Come on." Dean leads Castiel to the bed and pulls the covers back. "Get in." Cas does as he's told, sitting up with the blankets pulled up to his chest. Dean takes another blanket and drapes it around Cas's shoulders. "You should feel better soon," he says. Cas stares up at him, his blue eyes lacking the spark they once had.
“You got a point there,” Dean agrees.
Sam asks with his eyebrows raised. “Is ‘pretty sure’ good enough for you when it comes to Cas?”
“He said it would teach me how evil my desires are,” Cas murmurs.
” Dean moans again as Castiel swallows him down, the muscles of his throat contracting around his cock. “You are so fuckin’
a psycho or he's an asshole, OR they get along well and Castiel ends up in the “friend zone.” All paths lead to a broken heart. Dude probably isn’t even gay. All that aside, meeting some guy is pretty much the opposite outcome Castiel’s parents sent him here to achieve in the first place.
“I don’t-” Cas continues to demure, but Dean isn’t having any of it.
would have been perhaps too perfect, a perfect way to piss off his parents. “I thought you had to be eighteen to get tattoos,” Castiel says, curious.
“Thanks,” Cas says softly before working up the nerve to ask what he’s been dying to know. “So, uh, you never did answer Meg’s question:
“Yes, mijo, who did this to you?” Cas just shakes his head.
“Lights out boys!” she says cheerily even though technically, Dean’s light is already out. If Castiel didn’t know any better, he’d say Dean actually looked disappointed to see him go. As Castiel is leaving he hears Dean speak up.
“Great. Oh, and Dean, is there anything else we should know?”
"Yeah, uh, sorry," the boy says, taking a small step into the room. "It's just, it's getting kinda late. Didn't think you'd wanna miss breakfast." Cas's cheeks flush pink as he speaks.
usual spot. Or maybe ‘hi.’ Or ‘hey.’ Yeah, ‘hey’ sounds nice and casual. His heart is racing, and his palms are sweaty, and in a minute, he can already tell he’s probably gonna lose the nerve and just sit there silently after all.
“Listen dude, back off. I’m not fuckin’ interested in whatever it is you’re sellin,” Dean spits as he moves again to leave.
” Castiel questions, “what does that mean?”
“Anyway, as I was saying before Meg crashed our table, you should really give Zeppelin a listen, and Sabbath.” Cas smiles gratefully at him, looking relieved that Dean didn’t bring up any of what Meg had actually said. “And maybe you can share some music with me. I know the Beatles, of course, but not real well.”
“Dean!” Sam says, sounding confusingly happy.
“Hi,” Cas says simply.
-The Beatles
“What’s wrong?” Dean whispers, his voice laced with concern. “You wanna stop?” Cas allows his eyes to fall closed as he takes a steadying breath.
“Holy hell, Cas,” Dean laughs as he gazes at his reflection, “you coulda told me I look like shit!” But Cas can’t bring himself to smile; the horror he’d felt watching helplessly as his boyfriend was strangled in front of him is too fresh in his mind. “C’mere,” Dean says softly when he notes the lingering fear in Castiel’s eyes. He wraps Cas in a firm embrace, kissing his forehead. Castiel clings to him as though his life depends on it, tears again in his eyes. Dean ignores the strangers who come and go, the stares and the raised eyebrows, letting Cas cry as long as he needs to.
“That’s great to hear,” Billie says sincerely.
Later, when Sam is in the shower, Castiel turns to Dean.
“What?” Dean asks incredulously, lying down beside Cas to look him hard in the eyes. “Don’t be crazy,” he says, “you’re perfect. You got scars; so do I. But that ain’t what I see when I look at you.” Dean leans in for a lingering kiss that leaves a shadow of a smile on Cas’s face.
“Nah, alcohol does the opposite,” Dean laughs, “I’m talking about a nice long drive. What do you say, Cas?”
bone in his body.
“Yeah,” Dean confirms.
Hours pass. The night creeps on. Dean watches through the windows as the city below begins to wake up. The freeways fill, rows of brake lights in thousands of morning commutes. To the east Dean watches the sky begin to glow a pale pink, revealing the mountain that hadn't been visible during the dark of night. The hospital buzzes like a beehive as hundreds of employees, students, patients, and family members arrive, coffee in hand, most struggling still to fully wake up.
let The Beatles into the house. You know, the
John stands with his back to him, silently seething until he suddenly whirls around, violently crushing Dean up against the wall of the shed, hands fisted in the front of Dean’s shirt. It knocks the wind out of him, but he glares defiantly into his father’s eyes.
“Are you sure we can trust him?” Cas questions, “you don’t think he’ll hand me over to the cops?”
“Oh.” And then Dean breaks down again, burying his face in his hands.
“C’mon,” Dean says quietly, helping Castiel to his feet. The pair walk to the bathroom, Dean’s arm around Cas who leans into the warmth. Dean turns the show on hot and helps steady Cas as he steps in. The water washes over Castiel with the comfort of a warm quilt, and he can’t help but smile. Dean smiles too as the water pushes Cas’s hair down into his eyes.
“Woah, nice ride,” the aide says as Dean steps out of the Impala.
“Jesus, Cas, what was that?”
“Here Cas,” Dean says gently, handing him the hot mug, “it’s probably not great, but it’ll help you warm up.” Castiel accepts the drink silently, eyes downcast. Dean sits across from him.
because mom was 42 when he was born, and I’m pretty sure they think God ‘sent’ him as a replacement for me, since, you know, I’m a ‘failure’ in their eyes.”
did; how is that your fault?” Dean could see truly that there was no accusation or anger in Castiel’s eyes, only sorrow and fear: very human fear.
“Oh, just this girl from my history class,” Sam answers shyly.
As he awakens more fully, Castiel becomes aware of how hard his cock is. He doesn't really want to wake Dean, but he does desperately wish that Dean would wake up. Cas begins gently rolling his hips, enjoying the feeling of the sheets sliding against his erection. He gradually becomes bolder, running his hand lightly down Dean's side, and over the curve of his hip. Cas slides his hand lower, excited to find that Dean is hard too. Cas reaches his hand under the sheet then, gently gripping Dean's erection. Dean stirs slightly, making a little sound in his sleep.
“Yeah, I’m great,” Dean says quietly, and then a little more confidently, “Cas, I’m
, right?” Dean struggles to string words together.
"You know that's a load of bullshit, right Cas?" he asks softly.
“You nervous, Cas?” Dean asks in a rough whisper. Cas licks his lips, contemplating his answer. He is, but he doesn’t want to tell Dean that. A part of him worries that they’ll do this, and afterward Dean will realize that he’s made a mistake, that he doesn’t want a sexual relationship with him after all.
“Oh, um, hand me my jeans?” She does.
"I wanna tell you something." John groaned, but turned the volume down, fixing weary eyes on his young son.
“I shouldn’t have yelled at dad,” Sam says quietly. “It was my fault.”
just happened... I think she may be scarier than Meg," Dean says to him, and Cas nods in agreement, his panic subsiding a little.
given Cas when he’d needed it most, but Dean hadn’t, and now he has to live with that.
“What in fuck’s name is wrong with you, boy?” John shouts, inches from Dean’s face. “Huh? What do you got to say for yourself?” Dean is frozen, silent. “Fucking answer me when I speak to you!”
“What have you done, Dean?” the voice taunts, “I think you know.” A cold laugh tears through his body, making his ribs ache. “Sent your
“Well, excuse me for not being a hipster douchebag.”
“Talking to yourself, huh? That’s never good!” a familiar voice says behind him.
“It’s so warm in here,” Cas states, “why am I still shivering?”
"Hit the road? Dean, what are you talking about?" Cas looks utterly confused. "I am
“It is, isn’t it?” Dean agrees. For a while they stand quietly, listening to the roar of the water crashing into the pool below them, feeling the spray on their faces and arms. Without saying anything, Dean wraps an arm around Cas’s back, inviting Cas to lean further into him.
“So, lemme get this straight,” Dean says, “you’re into dudes, your parents want you not to be, and they sent you here to fix that? Dude, I don’t know, but I’m pretty sure that’s not how it works.” Castiel grins.
“A little,” he breathes.
“Oh, uh, hey, walk much?” Dean says awkwardly, unable to retain his casual air.
“I assume you mean we should have sex,” Castiel says, matter of fact.
“Pfft,
“Yeah, that’s mankind for you,” Dean says, leaning back in his chair. “Speaking of exhausting, how’s your PT going? They say when you’re coming home yet?”
her psycho way of helping him out; he never really can tell with her.
” Cas says defeatedly.
“I like it. And you have actual records?” Cas says in awe.
“Mmm, yeah, Cas?” Dean asks in his post-orgasm daze.
“Why did you kiss me like you did last night if you don’t want to be with me?” Cas asks quietly.
“Last name?”
"What?" Dean asks, "where to?"
“I…” Cas begins, and falters, before beginning again. “I want you to lay me down on that bed… and make me feel things I’ve never felt before.” Dean’s eyes widen a bit.
“Means you don’t have to drink much to feel drunk. In other words, you’re a cheap date,” Dean jokes, winking. And damnit if that doesn’t make Cas blush.
“He just told me he fell.”
"No, maybe a half hour?" Cas replies.
Dean sighs helplessly, tears beginning to roll down his own cheeks. “You’re safe now, Cas,” he assures softly, wishing he could take the hurt away.
“Yes, I suppose so. Some angels form close bonds with each other. We were all brothers, but some of us became friends.” Castiel sounds wistful as Dean realizes Cas is speaking in the past tense.
"And you have saved my life in return. My vessel would have died without you; I would have died." Dean seems to further tighten his grip on Cas.
," Dean curses, "I’m sorry. Didn’t mean to push you too far. It’s okay if you don’t wanna.” Cas shakes his head, still unable to look Dean in the eyes.
And that is an extreme simplification…” Dean just laughs, shaking his head. “Why is that funny?” Castiel asks, “the diffences in structure between a plant cell and an animal cell are enormous.”
Please don’t hate me! It’s always darkest before the dawn, I promise! ❤️
Until the whole “Cas jerking off in the shower” incident that they have not discussed any further, Dean hadn’t even thought Cas had sexual urges. He never seemed to before, but that has clearly changed. I mean, Cas had been ready to go, like
“Just try to relax…I’ll try to be quick,” Dean speaks in as calm a tone as he can muster before pressing the needle to the angel’s skin and beginning his work. At first Castiel takes in a sharp breath with each pierce of the needle, but after a while his eyes glaze over and he lies quietly, staring at the ceiling.
“Fine,” Dean almost shouts, rising from the bed. “Fine, but I don’t like this at all!” In Dean’s mind, Castiel is dying and there is nothing he can do about it. He hurries out of the room, down to the parking lot, and begins rummaging through the trunk of the Impala. From under the assortment of weapons, he pulls a rudimentary first-aid kit and slams the trunk lid shut again before rushing back to his room. He finds Castiel’s gaze fixed on the ceiling.
What lasted minutes seemed like an eternity. When the dude finished without warning in Dean’s mouth, he relinquished his hold on Dean’s hair, caressing his cheek briefly, which made Dean recoil immediately. The guy laughed and he did up his pants. Dean remained on the ground, sitting back on his feet in shock at what he’d just done. A vile, bitter taste lingered on his tongue; he felt there wasn’t enough mouthwash in the world to undo it.
“Lucifer is also an angel, Dean,” Cas says seriously.
The next day Dean enters the ICU and finds Cas sitting in a chair in front of the window in his room.
more call. Then you get yourself ready for breakfast.” She looks up the number, dials it, and again hands the phone over to Dean.
“He’s the one that found me. He saved me, and now he’s gonna be all fucked up by the whole thing,” he cries, wiping furiously at his eyes. “You’re a shrink; you think there’s any chance he’ll be okay?”
“You take care of yourself, Sammy,” Dean says finally, giving Sam a firm hug goodbye.
“I wanna suck you off,” Dean murmurs against Castiel’s ear, and Cas feels he might lose consciousness right then and there. “That alright?”
clearly hasn't been working!" his mother shouts, quick to lose her temper. "We should have known better than to send you to a Godless, state-run facility. Fortunately, we have recognized our error. I only hope it is not too late."
Dean relaxes, gradually letting the weight of his body blanket Cas, wrapping him in his arms tightly, and kissing him like he’s never tasted something so good in his life. And he begins to move, nice and slow to start, a gradual push and pull of their bodies together.
“Yeah, baby, me too, god, you’re so damn hot, Cas,” Dean murmurs against Cas’s sweaty skin. He grips Castiel’s cock firmly, strokes it a few times, and then Cas is spurting between their chests. Dean drags his tongue up Cas’s sternum, lapping up the mess Cas has made, fucking him through his orgasm until Cas is limp, completely sated in his arms. With a final thrust, Dean buries himself in Cas, groaning long and low, grinding in even deeper as he climaxes.
“Yeah,” Dean confirms. Cas swallows hard, and they return to packing. It doesn’t take long. The only actual items of importance to Dean are his record collection and turntable, which they manage to fit into the trunk of the car along with their clothes. Dean grabs some old camping gear as well, having no idea where they are going to end up. He packs a bag for Sam, intending to find a safe place for him to stay as well; there’s no way he’s letting Sam stay with their dad on his own. Lastly, Dean grabs an old cooler and throws everything from the fridge into it. He paid for all of it, and he’ll be damned if he leaves his dad even a slice of white bread. Before an hour has passed, Dean is making a final sweep of the house, checking for any last items they may need. He spots the drawings Cas had given him and tucks them safely in with his favorite Zeppelin album. They hide their cash away in the passenger side footwell of the car, in a spot where the carpet has come loose, and then they are climbing into the Impala themselves and heading for the highway.
“You, uh, have a nice shower, Cas?” he asks, staring into his coffee cup.
"Yeah, you too," Dean replies before she continues on her way.
“Well, it sounds like you really care about this friend either way,” Billie says softly.
“Yes,” Castiel answers honestly.
“I don’t think I understand what is going on,” Castiel says, looking from Sam to Dean.
"Angel language," Castiel recalls, and Dean nods. "What does it say?" Cas asks after a moment, tracing the characters again with his fingers.
"Dean," she says warningly, shaking her head.
“Oh,” Sam says, suddenly remembering something, “we need to pack more salt rounds; I sorta used them all. Ghost was pretty aggressive.”
His mind raced, panicked, thoughts of Sammy and what story he could possibly come up with that wouldn’t end them both up in the foster system, separated. That was when he started to cry. He cursed himself for being a pathetic, weak-ass pussy, crying in the back of a cop car like some dumbass you’d see on
“Um yeah, actually, would you mind handing me the biology textbook that’s on the bottom shelf over there?” María side-eyes him.
“Don’t you worry about it; it’s no trouble. When do you need the ride?”
"Nah, I'm okay, really," Dean replies before adding, "besides, you look tired as hell yourself." She laughs softly.
, Dean thinks. He’d been too caught up in everything to realize that Cas would have to take his shirt off and how uncomfortable that would make him.
“Sure,” Dean says with a crooked grin.
"Yeah," Dean admits, swallowing the lump in his throat, "it was."
"Why am I cute?"
“I’m not going to talk about that with you,” Dean says shaking his head, “in case you haven’t noticed, I don’t trust you.”
"Yeah, of course," Cas smiles, "it's no problem."
“Dunno,” Dean shrugs. “Probably just doesn’t feel like returning the call. Again, I’m real sorry to bother you with this.”
“Sammy’s smart. He knows how important school is, and he’s only in the seventh grade. And it gives him something to focus on, you know? While everything else is falling apart.” Cas nods. “You know what he told me though?” Dean asks, looking up into Castiel’s eyes, and Cas can see the pain in Dean’s gaze, clear as day.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean says gently, “we should, uh, probably be getting back to the car before you get too cold or tired.” Dean pats Castiel on the back as Cas’s grip on him loosens. Cas is relieved to see a smile on Deans face when he dares to look back up at him.
"Oh, uh, what you saw... me and Cas? It wasn't... I'm not, like, gay or whatever." The words pour out of Dean's mouth in a torrent, tripping over one another as they do.
“But you look so sweet!” Sam laughs, backing away.
“Oh my god, Dean!” Cas shouts suddenly before Dean has even finished laying out bread slices.
“I’m gonna need another beer,” Dean says, signaling to the waitress. She brings it, and he orders a shot of whiskey too, for good measure.
