“It is,” Tony agreed. “Look at you, Little Miss Ellie. It’s almost as beautiful as you are.”
“Guess you will,” Tony replied. He turned and began to walk away, when Pym’s voice called out and stopped him short.
“Your witness, Ms Hogarth.”
The progress bar inched across far too slowly for his liking. Steve itched to do something. He didn’t do well with inaction, which really should’ve been his first clue that something wasn’t right when he moved to LA.
is a good look for you.”
She loved this idiot.
“Fair enough,” Bucky nodded. “And hey, that means I get to see my boyfriend so, uh, no complaints from me.”
Tony wriggled, shifting onto his back, and Steve fought to hold back a giggle.
“Clint,” he began. “Wow, hey, what are you doing?” he exclaimed, spotting the wire cutters in Clint’s hands.
“Only if you say please,” Tony smirked.
“Hey Cap,” Tony greeted.
“So tonight’s the night you make your move?” Tony asked. His fingers drew small circles in Steve’s hip.
For a minute he thought he was imagining things, as though thinking of her was enough to hear her voice. But then he realised that no, it really was her voice. He spun around, his jaw falling at a little.
“Uh, I have some things. From my SHIELD place,” he said.
“Now, because you are fifteen, I need to call a parent or guardian,” Sharon continued.
“I fucking hate you all,” Clint moaned. “Why did you have to dare me to quit?”
“She asleep?” he asked quietly and for a second Steve allowed himself to imagine that this was real, that Tony was waiting for him because he lived here and that Steve could sit down next to him, pressing their sides together and tipping his head onto Tony’s shoulder and scenting him.
“As the person who cleaned you up three days ago, I beg to differ,” Tony interrupted.
,” she echoed. “Hi. Pepper.”
“Fucking Hank. Fucking budgets,” Clint muttered.
“Okay…” Sharon frowned. “Uh, we’re going for Thai food. Do you wanna come?”
“Very good,” Steve translated.
“You know I still don’t know how to dance,” Steve reminded him when they were facing each other.
“Really?” Tony frowned. The wound wasn’t deep, not much more than a surface wound really. It wasn’t near any major arteries or organs. There was no reason for Wilson to be in as much pain as he appeared to be. Unless there was something he was missing. “Alright, I’ll get you some morphine for the pain, okay?”
“You? Nice?”
His resolve lasted all of ten seconds before he hurried after her, calling, “Hey, Bobbi?”
“That was Daniel. He’s taken the girls home,” Steve replied. “They said goodbye and thanks for the ice cream.”
“I’m a big boy, I think I’ll live,” Tony grinned.
“I should go,” Tony murmured, but instead of moving away, he leaned in and kissed Steve again. Not that Steve was complaining about the kissing. Since the new term started two weeks ago, his job had seriously encroached on the time he could spend with Tony or texting Tony, or even just thinking about Tony. So no, the kissing was good. Great even.
“There’s enough ice-cream for everyone,” Tony added. “But only if you eat your vegetables, and don’t fight with your sisters.” He grinned at Steve, “That’s the right thing to say, isn’t it?”
A moment later, a rap on the door announced Sharon’s arrival and Rhodey crossed the room to let her in. Out the corner of his eye, Steve saw them kiss each other hello and smiled to himself.
“I promise, Steve,” Tony said instantly. He didn’t even need to think about it. “I promise, I will always do everything I can to come back to you.”
“Definitely,” Steve agreed, blinking like the cutest baby owl.
“But then it won’t be a surprise, will it?”
“You better have a good fucking explanation for this, Rogers,” Tony growled. “Actually, screw that. I don’t care what your explanation is: I’m going to fucking kill you.”
One hundred times hotter.
“You really need to cut down on caffeine.”
“Come on, asshole,” Bucky declared, none-too-gently hauling Nefaria out of the jet. “I know a lotta people who’re gonna be really interested in talking to you.”
“But you don’t think you’re wrong. Do you?”
“Maybe you should listen then,” Steve said.
Steve was standing on the landing. He was dressed in a tux, one hand in his pocket. He stared out across the ballroom.
“Thanks, Tony. I really appreciate it.”
like this guy, so I wanna look hot,” Steve explained with patience he didn’t know he had.
“You missed a spot,” Tony called.
“Oh no,” Steve shook his head. “I’m calling him right now.”
“Hey,” Tony nudged Steve with his elbow. “You okay?”
“Molto bene,” Tony grinned.
“What are you, uh, what are you doing here?”
He wasn’t the flowery speech kind of guy, not when it came to talking about his relationships publicly. Tony knew how he felt, that was all that mattered.
“Well,” Tony began. “Time to go, I guess.”
“Home.”
him. Steve wasn’t Sunset or Ty or Stane. He wasn’t Hammer or Killian.
“Come on, lie down,” Steve urged. “You won’t get anymore sleep like this.”
What the hell did Tony have to flinch about? He was the one who stabbed Steve. Steve was just trying to help.
Indeed he was, Peter Stark sat on a leather couch in a two piece suit, his jacked casually thrown beside him. God he was young. And he looked exactly like Tony. Everyone in the tower had come to see.
Life for Tony also eases up, Peter stays with him often now and that helps Tony sleep better at night, he improved Rhodey’s leg brace to such an extent that it seemed like the man had never been paralyzed in the first place. Tony also has the comfort of having less frequent nightmares, turns out therapy helps.
“I can’t go.”
_____________________
And when he returned to the Malibu house Tony treaded with careful steps . “Jarvis, where’s Peter?”
“You have panthers?” Ned asks hesitantly
Buried deep in his sub conscious Tony see’s Steve as a threat.
Tony finds his son fiddling around with a prehistoric looking desktop “Where did you get that garbage?”
What Peter hated when adults kept something from him. Something that they thought was irrelevant, like currently his dad did. Peter’s day had started normally until May told him during breakfast that the Avengers were pardoned and had set sail for America, HE WAS GOING TO MURDER SOMEONE!
He still stayed with May but it was less frequent, this was because Tony had bought a small building for himself and in Queens
Tony notices a change in his son’s posture. His slumped up body is now rigid, back ramrod straight. His face becomes a blank mask.
“Oh buzz of Rhodes.” Rhodey gave a hearty chuckle and pressed a kiss on top of Peter’s head. As Peter’s godfather, Rhodey made sure to visit when he was off duty and this meant spoiling the boy rotten with gifts.   Peter adored Rhodey.
“You need to build relations in the team and what better way than to share sharing living space, besides I wanna see what school is like,” Peter explained “Real school dad, not homeschooling… don’t give me that face." Tony pouted, he has no idea where the years have gone, it seemed like it was just yesterday he had a wriggling baby in his arms.
“So its Peter Stark? Parker an alibi?” was the first thing MJ asked him as he entered the library for decathlon training.
*Time Stamp Peter is 14 going on 15*
“Peter do not speak in that tone!” Tony said and then with a sigh he continued “They choose their path, that doesn’t mean their families have to suffer, Scott and Barton’s kids don’t deserve that.”
“So what are you doing with it?”
Recovery is a hard thing, Peter discovered. His Uncle Rhodey still had difficulty walking with the braces dad made him. Rhodey still gets angry at tasks that he can’t perform which he previously could. The braces are bulky and heavy, still a prototype and it looks so foreign on Rhodey.
(Peter heard all of this but he never spoke of it)
________________________
Laura understands why Tony had done what he had done. He told her why he did it when he came to apologize for sending Clint into hiding, his shirt trying to hide the white bandages on his chest.
“I’d never leave you buddy, not willingly.” Peter rubbed his face against Tony’s chest a habit he had since he was a baby, Tony thought fondly
“Yeah. Let’s go, we’ll be late for our reservations.”
*          *          *
Hey guys! Here's the second chapter. I know that it's kind of long, but I only fit in about ten minutes of the movie, so this seems like it'll be a long fic. Hopefully no one minds. Drop me a comment if you have the time because they make my day when I see them. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed it!
Loki slings an arm over Tony’s shoulders, guiding him down the street and through an inky alleyway. Jarvis trails closely behind them.
He scoops out a spoonful of the soup and lifts it to his mouth. It’s missing a little something. He picks up some hot sauce and drips in a few drops. He tastes it again. Perfect. He deals out one more spoonful and lifts it to his dad’s mouth, where he contemplates the taste with a furrowed brow. Steve stares up at him in anticipation.
His dad’s frown deepens, and Steve knows that the gumbo isn’t as good as it usually is if his dad doesn’t like it. Before he gets too down on himself for his less-than-superior cooking skills, his dad smiles down at him.
A pair of green snakes with blazing red eyes wrap themselves around his body, productively keeping him glued to the chair.
Steve halted when Tony stopped speaking, but he didn’t turn around.
He really doesn’t need to go out that bad anyway.
That effectively stopped Steve in his tracks.
Loki sits down in front of them, pulling out an odd deck of cards that Tony is sure he’s never seen before. And really, that’s saying something, because Tony is a certified genius. He knows everything.
“But isn’t it just polite for the one that asked to drive? I don’t want to be rude or anything.”
“Oh, jazz music, Jarvis. It was born here. Have you ever heard something as astonishing as this before?” Tony asks his butler - or, as he calls him secretly, keen protector - as Jarvis nears. “Dance with me, J!”
“Yeah, well, vacation’s over,” he said dismissively before heading toward the standardized black car parked a few yards away.
Natasha allows him to push her over and she settles on the floor in front of him.
After they buy their things, they go sit on a parking barrier in the empty lot. Tony’s on the verge of sobering up but, for the first time in a long time, he doesn’t feel the need to go remedy that immediately. Steve’s enough to fill that void.
They make their way to the bar and Tony’s only spilled one person’s drink so far, and they didn’t even care because of who he is. It’s a blessing and a curse. When they finally reach the counter, Tony sprawls against it and finally takes a good look around. There’s something off about the crowd but he can’t quite put his finger on it, probably because he’s having trouble seeing straight.
“No.”
When there was once again no reply, Tony reached for his seatbelt and clicked the button to release him. He fell about a foot to the ground, landing on splintered pieces of glass. It was enough to snap him fully back into reality, the world becoming clear once again.
He arrives at work a little later than he usually does, which makes his boss more than a little unhappy. He serves the food with all the smile and charm he can muster, keeping the picture of the restaurant in his mind. The more tips he gets, the faster he can get out of there and get his own restaurant.
“I- I’m sorry, Tony. I didn’t know,” uttered Steve.
Steve looked shocked for a few seconds before his face morphed into anger.
“Hey, wait!” the same voice calls from behind him. “This might not really be your… scene.”
“Your restaurant,” Bucky cuts him off exasperatedly, rolling his eyes. “Working is all you ever do nowadays. Come on out and have fun for once. Maybe we could even meet some nice girls…” he trails off, wiggling an eyebrow.
“Let me take you on a date tonight,” Steve said spontaneously.
“Hey, Boss,” he greets. “Good show tonight. You ready to head out?”
Steve laughs good-naturedly and sets down some freshly baked pastries in front of him. It’s his usual. Mr. Romanoff tells him to keep them coming until he passes out when Natasha comes bursting through the door.
Many thigs happened after that.
“I’m glad.”
Tips and criticism are welcome
As Happy drove the car away Tony hoped with all his heart that the kid had a normal school year.
Avengers Tower is still owned by Tony Stark, Steve knows this because Hill told him. Tony had willingly given the Tower to the Avengers and he still funds them too. He sometimes wonders what happened to the phone that Steve had sent to Tony, does he still have it or did Tony destroy it?
The boy gave Tony an inquisitive look “What’d you mean? Are you going on another business trip?”
“It’s not too late, the Avengers can stay at the Tower we can stay at one of the mansions.”
The training continued on as usual. (And if he kept looking superiorly at Flash, it was nobody’s business but his)
Tony reached out and pulled off Peter’s (“Don’t worry,” Tony Said when Peter resisted) and tipped his son’s head back, blood slowly trickling down his nose.
Tony cursed and ran towards the Kitchen.
Tony made sure that Peter didn’t find out about Tony’s new project.
Later when Tony made the new Arc Reactor core and beat Justin Hammer’s sorry ass, he was glad that he kept Peter with him. May had seen how Peter reacted being away from Tony and she conceded only asking Peter to visit her frequently.
__________________________
When Peter noticed the reactor in his chest he traced it with his finger, curious. “What’s this?”
“I missed you too Tones,” Rhodey said an sat down on a stool. He was wearing civilian clothes so he must have come from his mother’s house, Tony deduced.
Peter flinched “I was going to tell you but you seemed so busy these past few weeks.”
“Peter’s sick. I came upstairs from the lab, the new prototype is done by the way, and the nanny is missing and he has a high fever, and you’re the only woman I can call since women know these things right?! He’s pale and… and…”
__________
“How have you been?”
“I don’t want to stay with her dad, please,” Peter begged, as tears wouldn’t stop rolling down his baby soft cheeks.
____________________
Once he finished talking to Pepper, Tony stood in the middle of the room with gently rocking Peter, humming Hey Jude under his breath. The boy would nuzzle his nose roughly into Tony’s wife beater, most likely due to a congested nose and every now and then the babe’s whimper would turn into a wail.
“Can we not,” Tony said softly. The wound that Steve had given him may have healed but the pain of the fight and betrayal still lingered. The sharp taste of iron and the thud of the metal still haunts him. The fear of not seeing his boy again has Tony reaching out for Peter unconsciously.
spoiler for black panther in the story
“I’m going to the Oscorp labs for a field trip,” his son said offhandedly.
------------
Finally the whimpers subside enough for Tony to place Peter on the center of the crib. He fetched soft flannel cloth with lukewarm water and for five hours he stood vigilant near his son, his son! and later when he found out that he was close to losing Peter to pneumonia something just changed in Tony.
“I was scared,” whispered Peter sounding every bit as exhausted as Tony felt, Peter wrapped his arms around Tony as tightly as his hands could. “I thought I’d never see you again.”
“I don’t want to go! Leave me!”
He built his Peter the world’s best suit; based on Tony’s knowledge on Spiderman , he upgraded the suit until he was sure Peter would be safe.
“You’re hovering dad,” Peter said “I’ll be fine.”
“Come to spoil my kid again”
The biggest highlight was Peter being proven wrong that he was nothing without the suit. (Happiest moment of the year)
After realizing the truth of Peter, Tony knew he won’t be able to change Peter’s mind, his son had the tendency to be a stubborn mule when he wanted to do something, so Tony did the second best thing.
And when Rhodey found him in the dessert all he thought was “I’m coming Peter.”
________________
Then shit happened.
“I can give you the custom made parts?” Tony said, his words coming out like a question.
“I thought that was impossible.”
Life becomes mellow, Peter goes to school, has decathlon training and finally manages to persuade Ned in to forgiving him. After he’s forgiven, Peter takes Ned to his personal lab at the new Stark building and they proceed to blow up stuff until Tony yells at them to stop before the neighbors complain (it was 12 am). Peter and Ned also form a blooming friendship with MJ, who still looks at them like they are the biggest idiots she has ever seen.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe.”
“That doesn’t mean the rest don’t deserve a second chance,” Tony firmly stated.
“…lax honestly you’d think he’d feed you to the panthers.”
____________________
Peter smiled and reached for a hug, nose rubbing against Tony’s suit jacket, “I know dad but sometimes I wanna help you too.”
“I will.”
Multitasking is dangerous, Peter learns that by almost being shot off a building by a princess. He wasn’t even doing anything wrong, just hanging upside down from a building that was undergoing reconstruction, how was he supposed to know that a foreign princess would see him as a threat.
Peter sat in a taxi and thought, thank god for Spider senses.
Pepper gave them a brief summary, on what his name when he was born and how Mary had passed away.
His week had been odd, expected, but still odd. People who never graced his presence suddenly wanted to get to know him, even teachers greeted him differently. It came to show how many people actually cared about him, like Ned who got pissed at him for not telling and MJ who still treated him with casual indifference.
Recovery is hard but they get better. Those memories might still be fresh but they don’t control his family and for that Peter is grateful.
“You okay?” Tony softly said. Since the first time Rhodes came back from Afghanistan, with haunted eyes and blood on his hand, Tony always asks the same question. He knows that people do not ask soldiers this question, fearing the repercussion, but Tony knows that sometimes you just got to ask.
“Now the quicker I start teaching you the better. Let’s start with Newton’s first law,” said Tony to his 15 month old son. Peter was sitting in his high chair wearing a pink onesie, sucking on his fist while Tony made breakfast.
_____________
When Tony went to drop Peter at May’s he sent Happy out to fetch Peter’s bags. Peter asked him when the next mission was and got this as a reply,
“Dad!”
“I know you’re going after the Captain, so I want you to be safe.”
“By the road,” Peter replied as if it was the most normal thing there is.
Steve gave a weary smile and walked away. He will win back Tony’s trust but in the meantime he would respect Tony’s wishes. And although Tony thinks he hides it well, Steve could see his hands shaking. As soon as he is out of sight, Steve clutches his chest as the knife sharp feeling of guilt slices through his chest in quick short bursts.
“What is that thing Tony,” Shuri demanded and she took of her blasters and poked Peters webbing.
________________
“Stark, you’re freaking me out man!” Clint shouted as he entered the kitchen.
NOTE: This is the longer version of chapter 5 if need be skip the first few paragraphs and there is a spoiler from Black Panther
“Oh, he’s my son,” Tony said absentmindedly and checked if the super solider healing had kicked in.
“Are you sure May?” Tony asked, nervously toying with her horrid fruit cake.
___________________
After his visit to the Avengers Peter and his father have a fall out again but luckily May straightens their act and Peter and Tony settle down.
“Yeah ha-ha dad,” Peter grumbled and went back to his work.
He walked towards the bathroom sink and clutched the counter till his knuckles were white he could feel a headache coming on but he had to push through, his chest hurt and even though the shrapnel has stopped he could still feel them digging into his flesh.
It was not a normal school year.
“Hello Your highness,” Peter greets the king and then turns to Steve, saying in frankly scary manner,
So when Peter told him that he would rather keep Spider-man for the little guy and wants the world to know he was a Stark, Tony was speechless. Pepper looked smug, nonetheless she quickly dressed her favorite nephew in a suit and hid all his acne.
Tony once told May that if Mary had told him before, he would have made an honest woman out of her.
Tony did not agree with the responsibility. So he did what he deemed logical at that time, he threw money at the child. He got a nanny from the most finest establishment and  handed the responsibility to the nanny, before going back to his eccentric lifestyle.
“Will you stop that!”
“Don’t you dare do that dad,” Peter said as he snatched his math’s book from Tony’s hand. They were in the lab, Tony was tinkering while Peter was doing homework and talking about his day.
“Hey buddy, what wrong?” reaching down to kiss Peter’s forehead. He has fever, a high fever. In panic Tony called Pepper.
_____________________
Caved in chest cavity. That’s what caused his father to go into cardiac arrest.
------------------------
“What second chance? They choose their path already!”
“Okay first, I could hear your air quotes and second it doesn’t matter.”
“I need parts for the science fair.”
He hates bullies but why does he suddenly feel like one. Recovery takes time, but will Steve survive this guilt.
“Look at you being so mature.”
“Fine except that jerk Flash is in it now.”
“I have no interest in coming to see you, but circumstances have led me here,” The boy replied with even more hostility.
“Well at least it’s not Hammer.”
(And if he had sent Pepper after Oscorp, it was nobody’s business but his and Peppers)
“Your son looks just like you Stark,” she says. Her eyes are shining as she looks at Peter. “You have raised him well.” She continues and leads him towards the throne room.
“Dad…”
“Captain.”
“I’m sorry buddy,” was the first thing Tony said to the lump on the center of the bed. Tony gave the kid a few minutes and changed into something comfortable, all the while trying not to focus on the blue glow in the center of his chest that had a network of scars, Tony doesn’t think he can ever look at a car battery the same way again. Once he was changed, Tony slowly got on the bed and toed the lump which snarled in response and then sat up.
T’Challa had put his trust in Tony, the king had asked Tony to be one of the leading player in introducing Wakanda’s vast technology to the world and that meant that Tony had approval to learn everything tech in the kingdom, which was awesome, but on the Downside Tony knew he would have to face Steve sooner rather than never.
Phantom pains echoed in his chest but Tony replied “Steve.”
“What the hell are you!” the girl yelled at him while still shooting him with…something.
As Happy drove the car away Tony hoped with all his heart that the kid had a normal school year.
Steve thinks that being unpredictable runs in the Stark blood. It hadn’t been two minutes since he heard about the Stark heir that Hill told him Peter Stark was in the living room.
Tony’s heart clenched, where had his small boy had gone and when did this young man arrive.
Peter sat up, eyes red rimmed and face pale. Tony carefully pulled him into a hug, humming some nameless tune under his breath. “You okay Buddy?”
He did remember that it was thanksgiving and Laura Barton, bless her heart, had invited them for dinner. Clint’s wife had taken a shining to Tony, he highly suspected that she saw him as one of her unruly children. For most of the part Tony would love to go to the Barton’s home but this time he couldn’t.
----------------------
“Hey Peter, you’ll be okay without me right?”
“Who has plans,” Steve asked as he entered the kitchen looking oh so godly.
Before he was to leave and go after Steve and Barnes, Tony stopped and had words with Peter in the hotel suit he was staying in.
“Fatherhood suits you Stark.”
Really! Thank god for spider senses.
Then T’Challa wants to introduce the world to Wakanda.
__________________
“Well your daddy’s a genius,” he said to which Peter rolled his eyes. He should really stop Pepper from teaching these things to Peter.
“Why not?”
May Parker was a blessing of sorts. She was the widow of Benjamin Parker the brother Mary Parker. Mary had been estranged by her family when they found out she was pregnant with Peter. Ben had maintained contact with his sister for some time before Mary severed all contact. Before Ben had died he had asked his wife to find his sister and take care of her.
Peter also knows that Tony misses Vision dearly. After all Tony did create him.
Peter was eager to be an Avenger (Tony heard every single one of his voicemails). He had a fight with Peter over the Spider-man suit. Tony went suit shopping with Peter and laughed his butt off at May’s failed attempt to teach his awkward son how to dance; Spider powers or not Peter was still lanky and clumsy.
Peter sighed. That could have gone better.
To say the media was wild was an understatement, for the first time in his life Tony was grateful that he mostly wore shades because the camera flashes didn’t stop. So many questions were asked.
“Tony, you know that Peter is perfectly welcome to stay with me and continue with his studies,” she said giving Tony the look which was vaguely like the look Pepper gave him when he was being stupid. He should have never introduced them.
Tony nods in the affirmative and polishes off the rest of his beer before he stands and follows Happy through the venue and out to the car. The world is a bit of a blur, shapes melding into one another and swaying gently. Tony’s well versed in handling a spinning world, though, and the coke’s sharpening his senses a bit. He slides into the back seat of the car and eagerly scoops up the mostly-drunk bottle of vodka that’s sprawled on the floor. He polishes that off, too, and marvels at the way the car feels more like a boat with the way it’s dipping and weaving in his vision. If he closes his eyes, he can practically smell the sharpness of the salt lingering in the air, like it would smell by the sea. He giggles at the thought, even though it’s really not funny at all.
“Fair enough. Let’s dance again, J!”
“You’re Stark, ain’tcha,” he says, garbled. Tony nods and smiles and tries to play it off placatingly, but the guy keeps going. “Ya know, my ex-girl fuckin’ loved ya, for whatever fuckin’ reason,” he hiccups. “Mind if I send her a picture so I can show her how much of a fuckin’ loser you are in person?”
*          *          *
The last card that Loki hands Jarvis isn’t facing Tony, so he can’t see it. He does notice the way that Jarvis’s eyes widen comically at the sight of it, but he doesn’t flash Tony the card’s face for even just a split second.
“Where’s my mom?” he settled for instead.
“Okay. If you’re willing to wait, I’ll come.” He smiles brightly again. Tony thinks he could get used to that smile.
“You’re… You’re Tony Stark,” a voice says, incredulous. Tony’s used to it, though. The sky’s blue and grass is green and Tony Stark is a rock star, known to everyone in the nation.
Her father grunts in agreement. “What do you think, Sarah? Can you do it?”
“Take three cards and I’ll look into your future,” he tells them. His eyes contain a crazed look and Tony’s sure that if he doesn’t oblige, something bad will happen to him. He smiles at the man, the most authentic smile he can muster, and takes three cards. He’s learned from an early age that angering the crazy people isn’t a good decision (Howard’s fist’s against his small body). He shakes the thought away and takes three cards, gesturing for Jarvis to do the same. Jarvis is his top priority as of right now, he needs to make sure that he’ll be all right.
And, shit, Tony could feel his heart flutter, finally realizing that Steve was talking to him. He knew his eyes widened in surprise, so he forced himself to relax.
Steve looked like he was prepared to say something but thought otherwise.
“Sir, Miss Potts is calling. Would you like me to put her through?” Jarvis asked through the lab speakers.
“Come on, please? You can just tell me when to turn and I can turn. It’ll be just as much of a surprise either way.”
He’s still kind of drunk and he’s hoping he’s not entirely making a fool of himself by being so straight-forward, but Steve’s already shaking his head.
He explains what his plan is - where the kitchen is going to go, where he’s going to place the tables, and points to the ceiling where a giant chandelier will go - while he strides around confidently.
A calloused hand is placed on Steve’s head, stroking his blond hair lovingly. “You can achieve anything you set your mind to, my boy. You never, ever lose sight of what’s important to you. Never forget that.”
Besides, he still couldn’t believe that this was happening and there was a fairly good chance that Steve was just messing with him. Tony hoped that wasn’t the case.
“Hey, any place with drinks is my scene, don’t ya worry,” he tells the guy. His words are a little slow leaving his mouth but he thinks they make sense. The little smile the guy gives him encourages him.
He starts to take a phone from his back pocket to snap a picture, but Tony’s not having it. He’s drunk himself and this guy is riling him up and he’s about to say some vicious things that he knows he wouldn’t want Steve to hear right after meeting him, but he’s saved by a fist connecting with the guy’s face. Tony jerks in shock and turns to the right to find the owner of said fist to be none other than Steve. Sweet, polite Steve. Tony laughs up at him, delightfully surprised by the turn of events and entirely forgetting the scathing remarks that hung on the tip of his tongue. Steve just looks angry, though, and he’s shaking his hand like it hurts.
“Steve, Steve, Stevie, Stevie!” she cries when she enters. “You won’t believe it!” She plops down beside her father. “Tell him, daddy, tell him.”
“You just want to be free, but you’re unable to do anything without any money. I see a whole lot of green in your future.”
Tony turns toward the stage and watches as a blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauty steps into the spotlight. He’s dressed in a colorful, gaudy outfit and he’s wearing makeup that would be astoundingly corny on anyone else. The way he’s moving shows that he’s confident in himself, though, which makes him even sexier. Tony’s instantly drawn to him.
“Mommy?” Tony Stark called. “Mommy, where am I?”
Steve gazes at his dad, wondering how he’d gotten all that knowledge in his big head of his. He smiles and nods confidently at him, knowing exactly what he means.
After a few seconds of waiting for a response and receiving none, Tony started to wriggle from the awkward position he was in. It took him a few moments to realize that he was hanging upside down and another minute to realize that it was because he was buckled into the back seat of his father’s Mercedes. And it was upside down.
Again, no response.
“It’s okay. Do you think we can just go now?”
“I swear that I will never, ever, ever kiss a frog,” he says. “I mean never, ever, ever, never will kiss a frog in this whole wide world. It’s just gross.”
“Will you two stop terrorizing this poor cat?” she mutters, snagging the cat from the air.
Soon enough, the performance is over and the man disappears behind the stage curtain, but not before a hearty round of applause from the audience.
A young guy whom Tony’s never seen before stumbles up to them with a feral grin on his face.
Tony stood and left the communal living room before Steve could catch him blushing.
“All in the past now, but I still like to check up on him when I get a chance. Like to make sure he’s still buried deep in the ground.”
“I’d be honored to,” he says eventually, though, after all the laughter and jokes die down.
“Huh?” Tony asked, purely confused.
Just then, Natasha’s father walks in. Natasha rushes up to him to show him her new dress that Sarah had just sewed up for her. She chants ‘daddy, daddy’, and asks him how he likes the new dress.
“Boss, are you okay?” Happy questioned from the front seat.
“We went to see Arnie today.”
“No. Why are you looking at me like that?” Steve frowned. He was used to people slut-shaming him when they found out he slept around, but there was something about it coming from Tony that twisted him up inside.
“And there’s no one else who can take care of him?”
Steve swallowed, hoping it didn’t look like he was floundering. “You told me to get a hobby.”
Cables everywhere.
, Steve thought to himself.
Tony turned to mock-glower at him. “I’m sorry, I thought you didn’t want to be late.”
“I could eat nachos.”
“Great,” he muttered. He’d have to go by the ER to get Steve’s keys before he came home.
Tony smiled, brushing his lips against Steve’s jaw. “I’ll be waiting in the car to pick up the pieces when you’re ready.”
Tony watched him with blown pupils, some sort of reverence in his expression. It would’ve made Steve squirm with discomfort if it wasn’t for the wonder and disbelief in there too. Instead, Tony’s eyes held him captive.
Steve hated Tony’s motorbike.
“On it,” Sharon nodded, running after the gurney.
If he was very, very lucky, maybe they’d even be going back to the tower to their penthouse together, or even a place in Brooklyn.
Steve stared at the list. Maybe…
He watched Tony’s expression carefully; his face remained blank, but his eyes - always his eyes - flashed with pain and hatred.
“Here we go,” Dr. Stark said, pulling the door of the room closed behind them. Johnny glanced around; the room was almost identical to the one Peter was in. At Dr. Stark’s prompting, he hopped up onto the edge of the bed. “So, what are you doing here?”
Tony took a moment just to look at him, drinking in the little crease between his eyebrows that meant he was concentrating and the tick in his jaw that meant whatever it was had pissed him off. God, Tony was so relieved to see him again.
“Don’t act like you know me,” Steve snapped but he sat down, because unfortunately his dad was right. “What do you want, dad?”
It was another picture of Tony, this time giving a thumbs up.
Then Tony pressed a tiny kiss to his wrist and it was like something broke.
“You didn’t remember?” Tony echoed.
Steve laughed until his face muscles ached, watching Tony’s mock-rant and listening to JARVIS’ long-suffering replies and wondered why he was so nervous about telling Tony the truth.
Why couldn’t they just focus on Tony? He needed to know Tony was okay, needed to make sure he was alive and unharmed because…
“Casper on a road trip?”
“Anywhere. I really don’t care,” Steve replied emphatically.
“Only you,” Tony giggled, kissing Steve’s temple.
“Yeah, we blew ourselves and a fake hotel up for kicks,” Bucky snapped.
. What was wrong with him today?
Steve stuck out his tongue. “You’re the worst. I hate you. Leave.”
Tony snorted, but he didn’t say anything else, much to Steve’s relief. Finally, he managed to attach the net, smiling triumphantly.
“Steve Rogers,” Steve replied, shaking Stane’s hand and refusing to wince at his vice-like grip.
“Uh… I have no idea,” Steve admitted. “I’m making this up as I go along.”
“No,” she replied.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. “I know exactly what I’m going to do.”
“Definitely.”
“Attention,” Natasha’s voice rang out, drawing everyone’s attention. Steve scooted forward, accepting Clint’s hand to jump to his feet. “The fire department just called. There’s an accident out by Dunlay and the paramedics need a doctor on the scene. The chopper’ll be here in five minutes.”
Steve bristled. He jerked away from Tony’s hand and scowled out at the city below as it grew smaller beneath them. His eyes suddenly prickled with tears, which made no sense at all. Steve fought the urge to growl.
Tony shifted onto his side, leaning his head against his fist and frowning.
Tony snorted.
“I love you,” Steve blurted out.
Tony was alive.
“Why are you asking me?” Daniel replied. “Ask Peg or Angie, they’re better at this kind of thing.”
“No. No, Steve. You wrote me a song. That’s pretty much the best birthday gift I could ever get,” Tony smiled. “I just… I thought I understood your side before. And now I’m realising I didn’t. At all. And I’m sorry.”
He could do that, he guessed. He would have to get dressed, but he had one clean pair of jeans left and a couple of t-shirts which weren’t ready to get up and walk on their own so that was… possible.
Batroc’s eyes widened as he spotted Steve, then he started to scowl.
“Should’ve seen that coming,” he muttered, working his jaw carefully. It seemed to still be intact.
“And what was the target?” Bucky asked. “Us?”
Peter’s eyes went wide. “Oh, uh, hey Aunt May.”
“Got it,” Maria nodded. She jogged towards the fire crew. “Hey! We’re gonna need you guys to make a mini body board to fit in there. Get me blankets from the ambulance; normal blocks won’t fit so we’re gonna improvise some blocks to steady her head. And someone call the hospital and get Carol Danvers on standby, do you understand people?”
“Yeah. They’re these assholes over in Bed-Stuy who’ve been terrorising the neighbourhood,” Clint explained. “They were, uh, not impressed with me poking around so they told me to get lost.”
Steve lifted his head, looking Tony in the eye. Nerves twisted in Tony’s gut as he wondered where Steve was going with this. He wouldn’t break up with him, would he? It seemed unlikely, but Tony had been burned too many times before.
“Yes, he’s always like this,” Tony told Steve, sitting in the chair at the opposite end of the table from Bucky. Steve hesitated, wondering if they all had their own seats, before praying he wasn’t about to hideously offend someone and taking the seat on Tony’s left. A small, black blur jumped into Tony’s lap, which Steve recognised as the cat they’d chosen for Natasha.
“Where ‘m I?”
“I’m not?”
“Oh, I have a desk downstairs.”
“Not that!” Steve laughed. “I got
Then finally, finally, Steve closed the gap between them and they were kissing. Steve’s tongue teased his own and Tony used the hand on Steve’s neck to pull him closer. Meanwhile, he sped up his hand on Steve’s dick until Steve broke their kiss, dropping his head onto Tony’s shoulder with a low moan.
Natasha materialised at his side, looking stunning in her gown, the purple so dark it almost appeared black until it caught the light.
“I’m not looking at you like anything.”
Another punch.
“You love it,” Tony grinned, giving him a final peck on the lips. “Come on, let’s go.”
Steve felt his heart go out to her, and wondered who she was waiting for to return.
“Close it.”
“Please,” Steve panted, rubbing his cock against Tony’s hip. By now he was fully hard and Tony was right behind him.
“Thank you,” Tony murmured, leaning down to kiss him softly.
“Yeah, Tony’s in Norway dealing with Thor’s evil ex.”
An army of them, surrounding Tony in a circle, ready, waiting.
Bruce gaped at Dr. Pym, before hurrying after her. “Uh, Dr. Pym. Hope. Is that it? You’re not- I mean… We have to do something, right?”
“If all you’re going to do is make out, you can do that at home,” Daniel called.
“Thanks, Angie,” he replied, pulling her into a hug.
Steve nodded. “And I was saying to Scott that age gaps that big don’t work when you’re in your twenties.”
“Okay,” Steve nodded. “I was four. Small and skinny and pissed off about it.”
“Yes,” Steve smirked.
“You should be careful at parties, Warren,” Alexander continued. “It’s far too easy to do something stupid.”
“Me?” Bucky exclaimed. “I didn’t tell him, I thought you were going to tell him!”
“Okay. I’ll take a look,” Steve said, climbing to his feet. His scar twinged with the movement; the skin was healing, but it still pulled sometimes when he moved. And the rest of the time it itched constantly. It was driving him mad.
“That’s my bedroom,” Tony smirked. “And you’re not getting to see that.”
“Love you too. Now go get ‘em.”
“I’m still sorry,” Steve said, giving in to his instincts and taking Tony’s hand, locking their fingers together and giving his hand a gentle squeeze.
He’d largely been keeping to himself in the Tower, still unsure how the rest of the team would react when they found out that not only was their team leader an omega - something they all knew after New York - but that he had a pup out of bond.
“Better? You think he is
Hope flipped him off.
“Of course,” Bruce nodded, moving forward and unbuckling them. Jessica rubbed her wrists before taking Matt’s hand again, wincing as she shifted. “Are you hurt?”
Tony forced himself to turn his phone off and put it away, because mission.
Steve landed on the bed, smirking up at Tony as he lay back, his arms akimbo above his head. The image left Tony a little breathless. Resting one knee on the bed, he loomed over Steve, leaning forward to wind their fingers together.
“Fuck it,” he muttered, grabbing the phone and unlocking it.
“I met Angie when I was half asleep - and half naked - so I didn’t really have time to be nervous,” Tony pointed out. “But meeting Daniel and Peggy? Oh yeah. Terrified.”
“What do you think’s wrong with her? The screaming and the delusions, I mean?”
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Steve replied, in that same strange voice.
“Knock ‘em dead,” Bucky added.
“You cannot leave me here!” Batroc exclaimed.
“Maybe that’s how they took Steve,” Tony suggested.
“Aw, no, why?”
Bucky gagged and Steve cackled with laughter. “Thanks for that totally unnecessary image, pal. That’s gonna haunt my nightmares for weeks.”
Tony thought he knew a lot about loyalty to your boss - Pepper was a shining example after all, sticking by him through everything - but Julie Wilson took loyalty to a whole new level. If she knew what was going on, she was telling them nothing. Eventually Bucky had to drag Tony to the other end of the room to get him to cool down as his fear for Steve threatened to overwhelm him.
Steve bit his lip.
“Now, if you’ll follow me, over here we have Black Widow,” Steve explained. The girl stood tall in a jumpsuit designed to look like Natasha’s. Steve winked at Angie over her head. “AKA Jessica. Jessica has benefitted from Stark Industries’ One for One programme, where for every sale of their new laptop, they have donated another laptop to a low income family to help with education. Thanks to Stark Industries, Jessica has a bright future as a super spy ahead of her. Oh, and here comes Hawkeye!”
“We should just upload his information onto the app,” Marci pointed out. “Then it’s easier to add photos and whatever.”
“I love you too, dummy. And hey, this isn’t forever,” she added, her voice thick. “We’ll probably all be in the Caledonian in, like, three days so honestly? I don’t know why you’re making such a fuss.”
Tony rounded the island again, Hannah in his arms, bouncing her a couple times, before pretending to drop her which elicited an excited squeal from her.
“Yeah?” Steve shook himself from his reverie, dragging his attention from the screen towards his student. From the expression on her face and the rest of the class, this clearly wasn’t the first time she’d called for him.
Steve nodded, silently reiterating his promise.
“Hi,” Steve replied.
“Close call,” Steve agreed. “Hogarth doesn’t pull her punches.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, but the answer is usually yes,” Natasha teased, brushing past him to exit the jet.
“Finish the school day, and then you are on indefinite leave until we can find a way to make this work.”
But for the first time, Steve realised the cost of dating a superhero.
“We’re wearing way too much clothes,” he gasped. “We need to be naked, like, yesterday.”
Tony smiled. “Doesn’t mean it’s not true.”
Because he made a promise. And he always kept his word.
“Alright,” Hogan agreed gruffly. But when Pepper moved away, Hogan held onto her hand, giving it a lingering squeeze before releasing her reluctantly.
Steve mourned the loss of Tony’s body weight on top of him, comforting himself with the reminder that hopefully very soon, and once they were away from any potential prying eyes, he could have Tony on top of him once more.
“Uh, we met online almost exactly a year ago. June 26th. We first met in person on July 12th.” Steve smoothed his hands over his pants, hating the expressions of most of the audience in the gallery, soaking up the little details of his relationship that he and Tony had kept out of the press and the public because it was private.
your optimism.”
“Yes, Mr Stark?”
“Get him out,” Batroc spat. “I don’t want him touching me.”
“So why are you here, doc?”
Frowning, Steve noticed a knot of scar tissue on Tony’s ribcage, just below his left pectoral.
“I get to the bar - and get this - and there’s a guy sitting there, wearing a
“Oh, sweetheart… Come on, let’s go back to bed,” Tony said, slipping out of bed.
“Tony.”
“Who’s the lucky man?” Hank asked and Scott mentally thanked him because he would really like to know too.
“You can. You do. But you don’t call me sugar bear when you want to chat. Sugar bear is Tony-code for
“Well?” Arnie demanded. “Tell me.”
Ellie looked curiously at Clint’s sandwich and Steve knew that he would be coming back to a sticky pup but right now, he didn’t care.
The buzzer rang at exactly 7.01pm, and Steve’s mouth automatically curved up into a smile. He grabbed the intercom, stabbing the button with his thumb. "Hello?"
For not giving Arnie more time with their pup.
“You’re just not okay,” Bucky finished quietly. “I’m not okay, Tony, so you’re definitely not.”
The guy glowered at him but Steve refused to budge, so he had no choice but to leave the ER. Shaking his head, Steve turned back to the nurses’ station. He’d learned early on after Tony’s stint in rehab that he had to harden his heart towards the addicts who came to the ER looking for drugs or he wouldn’t be able to do this job. If it was up to Steve, he would do everything he could for them, but he was limited by the hospital, budgets, and this country’s pathetic excuse for a health service.
“You getting anything on my friends here?”
“Are you stronger than… an orangutan?”
“We can go out tomorrow,” Steve said, plastering himself against Tony’s side as they stepped into the elevator. “Tonight, I just want you.”
“Oh. Yeah. Of course.” Steve linked his fingers together, giving Bruce a boost over the wall.
?” Natasha teased.
“Steve?” a voice murmured. Tony’s voice. Steve smiled. “Honey,” Tony whispered. “I gotta go. My flight leaves in ninety minutes. I’ll see you when I get back.”
Three days later, Tony made the journey out to Red Hook to Steve’s apartment, his gift tucked safely in the pocket of his coat. Parking down the block, Tony locked the car, then negotiated the grey-slush covered sidewalk. He hit the buzzer and waited; a few seconds later, Steve’s voice came over the intercom, “Hello?”
He smiled.
“You just had your turn,” Steve objected.
“Uh yeah. Why?”
He climbed off of the bed just long enough to kick off his own jeans and boxers, ripping open the condom, and rolling it onto himself. Then he turned back to the bed, and his breath stuttered.
Steve had a freckle, just below his lower lip. He’d noticed it the first time he kissed Steve and felt a sudden urge to kiss it. And there was no reason why he couldn’t.
“You can’t do that,” he protested. “Not here. This is a hospital.”
“Lucky for me,” he said eventually. “I guess.”
Steve raised his eyebrows. “Tony, do you know how much a generator costs?” When Tony shrugged, Steve continued, “A lot. I work at Target. I’m not exactly making a lot of money. Apart from which, I’m climbing over a wall to get in here. How am I supposed to get a generator over a wall?”
“It’s true though,” Bucky’s voice shot back.
Tony raised his eyebrows.
“For you.”
“Just follow my lead,” Tony replied, holding out his hand. His heart pounded in his ears. “Trust me?”
“You’re not dying,” he assured her.
Steve smiled.
Tony guided MJ towards the door, holding it open for her once more with a sinking heart. Of course it couldn't be that easy. Once they were back on the sidewalk, he turned to MJ.
There wouldn’t be another time.
They all glanced up at the sound of helicopter blades; a few seconds later, the Medevac landed by the parking lot and a group of orderlies sprinted out into the rain with a gurney. The Medevac doors opened and a small body strapped into a board was quickly but carefully loaded onto the gurney and rushed inside.
Tony paused. Then he turned to Steve, and Steve could see the exact moment Tony decided to engage rather than just walking away. The voice in his head tried to tell him this was a bad idea.
Steve landed on the grass with a soft
“Ow. Steve, elbows,” Tony grimaced. For such a muscular guy, Steve had ridiculously boney elbows.
“Well kids, looks like it’s almost your bedtime,” Bucky announced. “Some of us still have court tomorrow.”
“Fuck, yes,” Steve groaned. “You’re a genius.”
He ducked into a cabin when he heard footsteps on the stairs, watching through the crack at the edge of the door for the crew member to pass. Leaning out slowly, Steve watched the crew member descend to a lower deck, then darted up the stairs.
“The what?”
“You wanna come over here and say that to my face, Romanoff?” Bucky growled. “That ain’t funny.”
“The Steve-Stark thing. We have to say something, right? I mean, Steve’s married. We can’t just let this go.”
Gary rolled up his sleeve and held out his arm. Clint stepped forward, peering at the outline of a man’s face. Clearly it was supposed to be recognisable, but he had no idea who it was supposed to be.
“Anyway,” Bucky retorted. “Yes. That was my plan for the night. And you know what? It’s probably my plan for tomorrow night, too. What am I supposed to do? Just sit at home waiting?”
“Bucky told me you’re a history and social studies teacher, right?”
“Don’t let it get around,” Fury warned. “Not even the Secretary of the World Security Council knows that.”
Steve snorted. “That’s a lie. You’ve never tried to please anyone in your life.” His words turned into a sharp gasp when Tony pushed a finger into him, lifting his hips in an attempt to push himself further back onto Tony’s hand.
“I think we need to talk,” Steve began, his voice rough even to his own ears. “I know you hate me. I don’t exactly like you either. But here’s the facts: you don’t have anybody else. No one knows you’re here but me. And even if they did, they’d probably want to lock you up in a tank somewhere or dissect you.”
“If he’s so great,” Hank asked, “Then why did the Army send him home early?”
“What about him?” Sharon sighed.
“No, he won’t,” he called, yanking off his jacket.
Tony launched into his story, and Steve let him go, because the last thing he wanted to do was hurt Tony. He watched Tony talk, watched the way his face lit up as he lost himself in his storytelling.
“What if I’d been naked?” he asked.
“Yes,” Steve declared.
Guess that means they had to learn how to do everything together, Steve decided.
“If you didn’t want to, you shouldn’t have done it,” Steve grinned. “Poor Fred.”
“So you’re saying there’s a generator somewhere in this house?” Steve frowned. He didn’t remember seeing anything vaguely generator-like when he explored the house.
“Hey. You okay? I know he was your friend.”
“Please. I am begging you. I will get on my knees if I have to,” he warned. “Please. Please.”
Then Tony was there in front of him again and Steve reached for him, his fingers tangling with Tony’s, and Tony pulled him out of the overhang. Steve kicked his feet, helping Tony propel them upwards - not that Tony needed the help - and finally they burst through the surface.
Steve laid out the impeller housing ‘o’ rings and shaft seals, double checking their part numbers against the instructions to ensure he’d picked up the right ones. Considering he didn’t know what a shaft seal was until recently, Steve felt it was a good idea to double check, mostly so Tony couldn’t mock him if he put the wrong part into the pump.
“I love your hair,” Frigga declared. “So vibrant.”
“Nope,” he smiled. “I’m a professional Tony Stark impersonator, but I’m off duty right now, sorry.”
“Come on, my lab’s upstairs,” Tony said, leading Steve towards the stairs.
And maybe Steve would be there too. Sitting crushed into the booth at Tony’s side, stealing the last wing from under Bucky’s fingers and grinning unrepentantly; joining Matt in teasing Bucky; complaining with Marci about asshole corporate lawyers, and listening to Foggy complain about the lack of infrastructure in Hell’s Kitchen.
“Thank you,” he murmured.
“Who wants to be civilised?” MJ muttered, but she took the tissue. “That’s boring.”
“So: we were all on a night out,” Tony explained, “Me, Bucky, Matt, our friends Foggy and Marci. Foggy and Marci are dating, so I was the only single one. So they set up my Make-a-Match profile that night.”
“Ms Walters,” the judge called. “Are you ready for the opening statements on behalf of the government?”
Steve twitched and shivered under his ministrations, burying his face in his arms when his gasps became too loud. Tony smiled to himself, reaching the bottom of his spine and sucking a mark into the skin above Steve’s ass.
“Mister Stark is currently in the communal kitchen with the other Avengers,” JARVIS reported. “Would you like me to take you there?”
“Mr Rogers, come in,” Edwards called. “Close the door.”
Steve shook his head, rolling his eyes, but he was still smiling and looking at Stark fondly and Scott was starting to wonder if maybe he’d walked into the twilight zone or the upside down instead.
“I gotta say, this is probably the weirdest encounter with an ex I’ve ever had,” Bruce grinned and oh, that was the expression that caught Steve’s interest a year ago.
Pain shot through his bicep. Tony gasped; when he turned his head, he found a two inch spike sticking out of his suit.
“But you don’t think so?” Bruce asked, reading the barely concealed frustration in Matt’s tone.
“Can it wait?” Gary replied. “This is important.”
She lifted the flashlight, checking both pupils and confirming her suspicion. God, this was too good. Natasha schooled her features, dropping the flashlight back into her pocket.
Hope bit back a smile. Of course Tony was attached. If she’d learned anything over the past six months of working together, it was that Tony became attached to most of his patients and definitely to the kids. He was such a dad, he just lacked his own child. For now. She had no doubt that sooner rather than later he and Steve would take the step to becoming parents.
Not sexy, because she was six, and he was not having that conversation with Steve’s six year old niece. Tony was pretty sure that was the road to ensuring he never had a second date with Steve. A road he definitely didn't want to travel. If Tony was lucky, a second date would be just the beginning.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“They’re the robots built by Luchino Nefaria and Marco Scarlotti,” Steve replied. “They were used to attack the Avengers in Los Angeles and then they were seen again in Washington DC and New York. We found the controls, but Luchino Nefaria was there. He told us that the controls could only be used by him, otherwise they would self-destruct. So I shot the panel.”
“Did you tell anyone about my cancer?”
He tried the garage by the house first but found it empty. Leaving the garage, he followed the gravel path down into the grounds until he found the outbuildings he’d seen when he arrived that first afternoon, but never made it out to explore them on account of the stabbing.
He was watching cell phone footage of Tony fighting with Rhodey in his Malibu mansion - before it’s destruction, obviously - on what Steve knew was Tony’s birthday, back when he was dying from palladium poisoning, when his own phone began to ring. Glancing at the phone and spotting
“Uh, that’s exactly what I do,” Bucky retorted, tossing the phone to Marci, who caught it with the precision that would’ve made Clint proud.
“I’m afraid I won’t be working with you all for the next two weeks,” Pierce explained, a smug little smile playing on his lips. “Dr. Stephen Strange has requested I come to Metro General immediately for a permanent position. You don't say no to Stephen Strange. So this is goodbye.”
“Deal,” Steve nodded.
The bell rang, shattering the shocked silence.
“Hi,” Tony stuck out his hand.
“Were you going to tell anyone that you moved out?” he asked. “Because I don’t remember receiving notification of you moving out.”
Steve fixed him with a look. “Nobody calls me Steven.”
“Good. Call Pepper. I’ll be right back.”
It wasn’t a bathroom.
Steve grabbed the headboard over Tony’s shoulder, his fingers slipping a little due to the sweat on his palm, and picked up the speed of his hand on his dick. He held Tony’s gaze, neither of them breaking eye contact because Tony was here; he was home, and Steve didn’t want to miss a single second of it. Tony’s grip on his hips grew tighter, on the good side of painful, almost as though he was afraid Steve would slip away too.
“That excuse is going to wear out eventually.”
really wasn’t a conversation he was in a hurry to have.
“You could try the camp down at I-37,” Wade mused. “You know the overpass at I-37 and Brooklyn? There. But be careful man, it’s pretty rough.”
“They’ll be fine,” Coulson said quietly. “Clint Barton will come through anything. And if terrorists in the desert couldn’t stop Tony Stark, then a bunch of thugs in tracksuits certainly won’t. He’s probably building another suit as we speak.”
“Hey.”
“Steve, take the baby.”
It was good to be home.
Steve smiled and nodded. “I’m sure. I’d like your opinion. As long as you’re prepared for the fact that I might ignore it.”
“Hey Steve,” Bucky grinned.
“Okay, I’ll get one of the nurses to give her a call, get her down here, and then we can get this show on the road. The x-ray department is backed up at the moment, I’m afraid, so you might have to wait. I’ll see about getting you that CT though.”
“It’s not your fault. There are two people in a relationship, Tony. And you’re making it work with Steve now. Besides, just because it’s not like it was before, doesn’t mean it has to be bad.”
“Oh yeah, vomit, I forgot. Well, go nurse him back to health so you can profess your undying love and give me nieces and nephews. I want three, by the way.”
thing. It’s hard, watching him fly off and knowing he could get hurt and there’s nothing I can do to protect him.”
“You always were a shit liar.”
He rapped his knuckles against the office of the CT tech, sticking his head into the room without waiting for an answer.
Steve let out a bitter laugh. “When have you ever acted like my father?” he spat. “You’ve never been anything but a fucking leech.” But he pulled out his phone and opened his banking app, preparing the transfer. “You haven’t changed your account again, have you?”
“I was just on my way out,” Rhodey explained, “But there was kind of a pasta overflow when I made dinner, so you’re welcome to the leftovers if you want them.”
“Yeah, Chloe?”
Steve pulled back, not completely, just enough to see Tony, and for a second he thought Tony’s eyes flickered towards his lips before dismissing it as wishful thinking.
And Steve felt a flutter of something, something that he hadn’t felt in a long time since he met Peggy, but he quickly quashed it down.
“Look what we found,” Bruce called.
His heart pounded in his ear for the entire flight from the Tower to the Guiletta with a constant refrain of
“Oh, fuck, honey,” Tony gasped.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. He accepted Tony’s hand to haul himself to his feet, stepping into Tony’s arms. “This has been my home for seven years.”
“Finally,” Evie Rose sighed. “Thanks for the ice cream, Tony.”
“You on your way back?” he asked, assuming it would be Tony. After all, it wouldn’t be Angie this early in the day, and Daniel and Peggy had a plethora of child-related activities on a Saturday morning which left no time for phone calls, and Bucky would just get JARVIS to relay a message or come upstairs.
“You look okay,” Tony frowned. “What’s going on?”
Holding Steve’s hips steady, Tony pressed inside. They gasped, almost in unison, and Tony used every ounce of self control he had to stay still and give Steve a chance to adjust.
“Evie Rose, right?”
“Sorry. Frog in my throat.”
“Yeah,” Steve nodded.
Finally, he made it to the house, letting himself in and pulling off his sunglasses once in the shadows of the house.
Finally the class ended and Steve sank into his chair, burying his head in his hands and feeling immensely grateful that he had a free period. His relief quickly evaporated when the internal phone rang. Steve whined, dragging himself out of his chair and praying that he wasn’t about to be asked to cover another class.
Ellie gaped at him for a moment. Then her face split into a grin and she clapped her hands together twice.
“I already told you I didn’t,” Bucky replied.
“She’s beautiful,” Tony smiled. “Can I come in?”
Tony picked up his hand and kissed his knuckles.
“Because you see, Castello Malvagio was nothing more than an expensive smokescreen and the real targets of the attack were the Avengers, ostensibly the guests of honour but in reality pawns in a trap set by one man.
“Better now,” Steve nodded.
“Coming!”
Steve grabbed his phone and his hearing aid from their chargers, double checking he had his inhaler and epipen, then picked up his keys from the bowl on his way out of the door. He jogged down the stairs to the street level, letting himself out and instantly spotting Tony leaning against a town car, his arms folded over his Ghostbuster’s costume.
“Bye Ari,” Steve called.
They all stood as instructed when the judge entered the courtroom, then Steve tightened his grip of Tony’s hand as the judge called for the defendant to be brought in. The doors opened and Luchino Nefaria was guided to the stand, somehow managing to look defiantly charming even in a prison jumpsuit and chains. His gaze swept across the gallery, his eyes lingering on Steve.
Tony looked up from his phone when Steve entered the room.
didn’t wash. Because of course Tony was a dick. Look at everything he’d been through, and Steve knew he’d only skimmed the surface.
“On the top deck, towards the bow,” JARVIS replied promptly. “I’m reading significant levels of energy and coded transmissions emanating from that point, both of which seem to indicate its use as the control centre for the Dreadnoughts.”
“Dude, leave me alone. I just said you were right,” Clint retorted, flicking a piece of cucumber at Tony.
“Tony,” Steve moaned.
He felt light-headed, watching Steve fall apart on his fingers. He scissored and twisted, fucking deep into Steve, until Steve groaned louder with every twist of Tony’s wrist, panting as his hands fisted into the sheets, a trickle of sweat rolling down his neck. Steve whined, writhing on Tony’s hand.
“Fuck you, Stark!”
“I’m going to have so much fun with this,” Marci declared.
Steve was too tired to deal with this. He wanted to go back to the apartment and curl up in his blanket nest and just… ignore the world and its grumpy assholes who threw knives at people and stabbed you in the leg. But even more than that, he wanted to go home.
“My dick is the reason you’re here,” Arnie grinned and Steve burst out laughing until he was struggling to breathe, super-soldier serum or not.
When he reopened his eyes, Steve saw Tony’s eyelids drooping. He pulled Tony under the water, running his fingers through Tony’s hair to make sure all the soap was gone before winding his arms around Tony’s waist and dropping his head onto his shoulder. Tony reached back, winding his hand into Steve’s hair.
The package was heavy and solid underneath the paper. Steve glanced at Tony, before carefully pulling the tape off and sliding the paper off of what turned out to be a set of four books. He turned the spines up so he could read the names, and that was when he stopped breathing.
“You worked with my father, this shouldn’t be news to you,” Tony called after him.
“Wait,” Tony called.
So Steve started making a kissy face instead.
MJ stopped and turned.
“I don’t want to know,” Steve interrupted. “I need some plausible deniability. What do you want from me?”
“What happens now?” she asked. “About me. Can I stay here with my dad?”
“We have no food,” Steve informed her plaintively.
“Hi,” Tony nodded, offering Daniel his hand. “Thanks for the invite.”
“You’re probably - no, definitely - the only person I’d ever consider moving to Brooklyn for,” Tony admitted, smoothing Steve’s hair back from his forehead.
“Why?”
“It’s your tone of voice. What do you want?”
(It was a lie. Steve knew he was done for the time he walked into the living room after taking a long shower - a rare treat thanks to Tony’s babysitting - and found Ellie and Tony lying nose to nose on the floor in a staring contest that ended when Ellie burst out laughing. And then Tony smiled at Steve’s pup like she was the centre of his world and Steve was gone.)
“Apparently they’re short handed. So I get to play scientist for the day,” Rumlow said.
Did Steve not know? Tony wracked his brains, flicking back through his memories. He was certain they’d talked about Matt being Daredevil before when Steve was there. They must’ve. They’d been dating for a year, Steve had to know by now.
Steve turned to Tony. “You promise not to stab him?”
If you haven't already seen it, circle back to Chapter 3 to see the AMAZING Bucky art I commissioned from Quinn.
“Alright, sit up. I made you chicken soup.”
He wasn’t going to give Steve up, because he loved Steve and if Steve loved him then they could make it work without sacrificing parts of each other. Tony was willing to compromise to find a way to be with Steve and be Iron Man and he suddenly
“No,” Steve shook his head. But his mind flashed back to that morning, hiding underwater with Tony’s hand in his, clinging to Tony when they resurfaced. To the moment when he held Tony’s hand and stared into his eyes and realised he wanted nothing more than to close the distance between them and kiss him. “There’s nobody.”
Bruce nodded. “We’ve got this. Go save Steve.”
Ellie wriggled, trying to get down off of Arnie’s knee. Steve lifted her down, pulling her toys out of the diaper bag and watching as she settled down, trying to fit the plastic shapes into the right hole. A tiny pout appeared on her face when the star wouldn’t go into the triangle, one that looked exactly like Tony’s expression when something wasn’t working in the workshop.
Tony pecked Steve on the cheek. Then he chivvied Steve out of the booth, leaving a tip on the table for Josie, and slipped his hand into Steve’s as they walked out.
“Thanks Tony,” Steve smiled.
“Sure thing, honey.”
He wasn’t afraid for himself, he realised belatedly. It was all Tony. He’d been terrified someone would see Tony, now that the water was clearer.
“Look, I know how it sounds-”
“You’re comfy.”
“Has he, I don’t know, done anything?”
“Oh yeah. I went face first onto the ground. But all of a sudden he stopped laughing, and when I looked up, he was on the ground and there was this girl
When he said he’d be right outside the door, he meant it. He leaned against the wall, listening carefully for any sounds of distress. He heard the shower burst into life and tilted his head back.
“Mr Rogers?”
“Definitely a success,” Steve agreed sleepily. “We should do that again sometime.”
Finally, Steve made his way down the main staircase into the marble-floored hall.
“Hey Cap,” Tony called as he entered the apartment and Steve winced, the volume of Tony’s voice cutting right through his sore head and making his teeth hurt. Tony’s expression morphed into one of concern when he saw Steve. “You don’t look so good.”
Steve smiled. “Better?”
“Sorry Marci, you were saying?”
Steve took his time rocking into Tony’s body, delighting in the high-pitched little moans and gasps each thrust elicited from Tony. His hands scrabbled for purchase against Steve’s shoulders, his nails scraping lightly.
SPOILERY WARNINGS: abusive parents, past and present, plus a slightly unreliable narrator in regards to said parent's shitty behaviour.
Steve whined, his hips jerking into Tony’s fist in an attempt to get himself off quicker. Tony chuckled and whispered, “Shh,” in his ear, before leaning forward and sucking Steve’s nipple. Steve cried out, dropping his forehead onto Tony’s shoulder. He shivered, his skin prickling as he inched closer to the edge.
“Shit, sorry,” Tony exclaimed, squeezing his eyes shut.
five months.
“And now he’s working with you and Tony for the next two weeks?” Clint added.
Tony snorted, patting Bucky’s shoulder as he passed him to slide into the booth next to Foggy and Marci. “It wasn’t me you had to worry about, Buckaroo.”
As they unpacked the food and waited for Sharon to arrive, Steve realised how little he actually knew about his roommate.
“Hi,” Tony called.
“I’m good.”
So he saved her details and closed the tab, feeling better in himself just knowing he’d taken that first, tentative step towards getting help.
“I don’t know. Jess was spiralling all afternoon,” he explained. “And then, I think, this guy put his hand on her - she was shouting, clearly agitated - and she snapped. She slapped him and he hit her back. She fell down and she, I don’t know, she cut herself on something. I think she thought he was trying to kill her.” Matt’s face fell, pursing his lips. “I wish I could’ve helped her.”
“It’s not my tattoo removal. I’ve never been drunk enough to get Stark’s face tattooed on my body. But… Urgh, fine. I will ask her,” Clint snapped.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, his hand running up Steve’s spine and carding in his hair. “Steve.”
“Sounds great,” Steve smiled.
According to the Institute’s website, Dr. Bruce Banner gave a talk on the local marine life at 10.30am every day, so Steve made sure to arrive just as the talk was ending, slipping into the back of the crowd and studying the man at the front of the room. He was older than Steve, but then Steve had already known that based on his graduation dates, and he looked kind. Considering the trust Steve was about to put in him, that was important.
“Can I get a hand in here?” Alexander called, poking his head out from an exam room.
“You’re hurt.”
“Hey. Don’t ignore me. Turn it over.”
Steve’s mouth went dry.
“In that case, I’ll just kill you instead,” Nefaria smirked. “Touching speech, full marks, but I was always going to kill you, Mr Stark. And now I have to kill Steven too, all because of you. I want you to remember that: if he hadn’t met you, Steven would still be alive. Instead, you’re both going to die.”
“No, wait,” Tony shook his head.
“I don’t know, you still have time,” Tony grinned, poking Steve in the side. “To grow up, I mean.”
“Best place on earth?” he suggested.
Tony glared at him.
Steve watched him pull out the chair and sit down.
“Why don’t I go get a bottle of water from the cafeteria and give you some privacy?” Pepper suggested. She kissed Happy’s forehead. “I’ll be back soon.”
“Daniel’s parents' summer house,” he said. “You know, the one we went to for the Fourth? It’s not just the place, it’s seeing my friends there. Seeing them relax and forget about their lives. Up there, we can just… be.”
“You did not just make a Bugs Bunny joke.”
“What are you up to?” he muttered to himself.
“People were having sex in the forties, Stark,” Bucky pointed out. “People were even having gay sex in the forties, despite what the history books tell you.”
Tony gave him a look full of heat, which sent a shiver running down Steve’s spine straight to his dick.
Which meant introducing them to Ellie.
“Ah, the first rescue attempt has arrived,” he crooned. “Too bad it’s going to fail. I have a special welcoming party waiting. If you’ll excuse me, I do enjoy dinner and a show. And it would be a shame to waste such an excellent show.”
Until it wasn’t.
“Look who finally decided to join us,” Tony grinned. “If you’re quick, you might manage to grab some food before Barton hogs it all.”
Daniel squeezed his shoulder in commiseration.
A knock cut through the music then Tony’s voice called, “Steve? It’s me. Can I-"
“I’m gonna find out,” Bruce promised.
Public speaking had never been his strong point. But maybe it was time to find new things to try, if he was going to be Tony’s boyfriend.
“Oh, so you have a type?” Marci smirked.
“Urgh, fine,” Clint grumbled. “But only because it’s a matter of national security. And none of you have any taste.”
Dropping the tattered pieces of the photo onto the table, Steve forced himself to turn away and continue his search for the generator. Getting angry at dead people would do nothing to help Tony now, but finding the generator would.
Were it not for the very real, very painful wound on his leg, Steve would’ve written the whole thing off as his imagination. The stress of the past year finally catching up with him and playing tricks on his brain, perhaps. But there was the cut on his leg, throbbing under the clean bandage and the shooting pain when he made the mistake of trying to lie on that side.
“Those were amazing,” Rhodey agreed, moving into the crowd. Steve followed slowly, glancing around and wondering if he’d made a mistake in coming here.
Tony placed a kiss against Steve’s hip bone. Then another, moving down. Then another, at the base of his dick. Steve whined and lifted his hips, trying to direct Tony to his dick, like, yesterday. Tony chuckled.
He found Tony’s eyes full of wonder and hope and love, God, how had he missed how much love Tony looked at him with before?
Steve nodded, still clinging to Tony. He’d come across homeless people living in abandoned buildings before. Most times, he had no problems, but there was that time he and Bucky were almost stabbed, so it was better to be safe than sorry.
“There’s music, we’re moving. It’s dancing,” Tony grinned, shimmying his shoulders and leaning in to suck a mark against Steve’s jaw.
“I thought making Pepper CEO meant I didn’t have to deal with business anymore,” Tony mused. “Guess I was wrong.” He stole one more kiss before straightening up and crossing the room to collect his jacket.
The extended delay to his heat made everything more intense than usual, to the point where Steve felt like he wanted to claw his skin off. It hurt and nothing worked on him to lessen the pain, although Bucky managed to wrangle a double shot of morphine for him just in case.
Steve settled back in Tony’s lap, biting his lip to stop himself from grinning like a lunatic.
Hogarth smiled. “Perhaps I should’ve been clearer.”
Nefaria threw his head back as he laughed. “Don’t I? He is the same as every other privileged man in America. He never had to fight for anything. Which is obvious in the way he just threw it all away.”
But then Tony’s voice floated into his head, asking him to order a pizza. Steve stopped. He could just… ignore Tony’s request and lie to him the next day. Except Tony would know, because apparently he could hear when Steve was hungry.
By the time they emerged in Hell’s Kitchen, Steve felt lighter than he had in days. The feeling - which he still couldn’t name - continued to linger, but it was less now, pushed to the back of his mind by Bucky and laughter.
Tony’s eyes darkened. “Yeah, well, you’re good at that, aren’t you?” he hissed. “Being alone? Or did you think I was that stupid? Why else would you be here? Because you have no one else.”
Shaking his head, Steve went back to work. And if he kept sneaking glances at Tony every so often, well, there was no one around to judge him for it.
Now they were talking. They'd agreed on the premise, now they just needed to work out the details.
The door opened again, and Clint wondered if it was Stark and if they were about to have an epic showdown, the kind which would be written into ER and hospital legend, told to generations of interns to come.
Tony hummed, sucking a mark into Steve’s neck as they stumbled into the bedroom. “Missed you too, sweetheart.”
“We need to figure out why it’s not working. Number one: is there power?”
“He’s it,” Tony shrugged. “For me. Steve’s it. There’s never going to be anyone else, because I don’t want anyone else.”
But it was. It was the same picture, the same profile decreeing
“So, why are we waiting? So I can go get shot again? Seems like a dumb excuse when I think about it.”
“Uh, actually I thought I’d get some for you,” Steve explained. “There’s probably enough for Sharon too, if you wanted to invite her over. But if you guys have plans, don’t worry about it. There’ll be leftovers tomorrow. Although I would not put money on there being any spring rolls left. Fair warning.”
“I’m asking you, because you’re a guy, and you’re my ex, and I
“The similarities between my client and the Avengers don’t end there. And with one Avenger in particular: Tony Stark.”
“I’m not one of your soldiers. You don’t get to order me around. That’s my boyfriend.”
“I have the very tale,” Thor grinned. “One day, Loki and I decided we wanted to go on an adventure. So we decided to sneak out of the palace, and Loki used his magic to conceal us so even Heimdall could not find us. Then, using the secret passages between worlds, we made our way to Nix. Have you ever been to Nix?”
Peggy eyed him critically.
He lifted their entwined hands and - very carefully - kissed the back of Steve’s hand.
Tony gave him a charming smile, reaching up and kissing him. “Oops?”
Steve snorted, grinning sheepishly when Barton looked indignantly at him. “Sorry.”
Part of Steve told him he should argue, insist on paying, but he swallowed his pride and pocketed his wallet.
Steve nodded. “Yeah. Big ocean out there. Lots to explore.”
But he couldn’t deny that he’d wanted it, which was why it hurt even more when he woke up and discovered that he had a pup but no one to share this with.
“Beautiful,” he whispered. “So fucking beautiful.”
“Deal,” Steve replied and hung up. He raised an eyebrow and stared at them all individually. Without looking - mostly because he couldn’t tear his gaze from Steve and Stark - Clint knew they had to all be wearing matching expressions of incredulation.
“Is she okay?” Charles asked.
“Uh, no, not exactly,” Steve replied. He wondered vaguely what Bruce meant by the mermaid guys, then decided from his expression that he really, one hundred percent did
There isn’t a holiday that Tony won’t celebrate with his son.
“I left a little something for you, wear it the next time you go out.”
“Steve, him and his group of “hero’s” are coming back!”
Even with her age she walks with an air of grace. Her white dress trails behind her as they move through the sleek looking corridor. She insists that he walk beside her. They briefly pass a room that has Barnes in it, talking to someone. Tony stiffens.
Peter laughed and went back to his drawings. Tony looked at his son fondly, Peter was already showing signs of being a genius but Tony trying to make him enjoy childhood as much as possible even though he was home schooled.
Tony sighed and then pulled himself off Peter’s bed; for the first time Peter realized how tired his dad looked.
“Yes.”
Oh god.
After all, Steve knew how long recovery can take.
________________
-----------------------
Steve doesn’t know how to respond
Captain Steven Rogers had lost all respect Peter ever had for him.
When Tony crashed the Mark I and was stranded in the dessert, the only thought that was running in his mind was, “I’ll never see my baby again.”
Things got a little messy after thanksgiving, like Tony’s lecture that led to him realizing some terrible truths. His attempts to tame the Avengers which led to Steve leaving in a huff and Zemo getting into Barnes’ coding and releasing the Winter Soldier.
What Tony didn’t know was when he fell asleep Friday picked up on something… a new Vigilante.
“Forgive me but certain events have put me on the edge.”
_________________
“Parker is my Maternal name,” Peter said with a smile, this was the first genuine question he heard after the press conference, Ned was still mad about not telling him the truth.
I found it awesome!!
“No, can’t you accept that I have a prior engagement,” Tony snapped, Natasha just raised an eyebrow.
Vision had left to see the world after the events of Civil war, Peter still receives text messages and picture of Visions travels.
Tony was going to a meeting with Ross when he came face to face with America’s National icon. He didn’t know how to react.
Tony knew the confrontation between the split Avengers was inevitable. So he scraped together his half of the Avengers and went to face Steve.
______________
And that day came quite quickly
“Next weekend, you remember we have to go  to Clint’s place right? We all agreed,” she said in a Tone that implied that Tony was slow. Tony scowled.
“About what?” muttered his father, elbows deep in a complicated looking machine.
Thanksgiving was a success. Tony, Peter and May stuffed themselves full with Turkey, potatoes and Lasagna and then further filled themselves with chocolate ice-cream. They continued the night with monopoly which ended with Tony flipping the board and sulking for half an hour until May hit him on the head and Peter started laughing till his sides hurt. The night ended with Tony crashing on the couch.
---------------------
___________________
__________________
Fear was something Tony trained out of himself when he was a child. It was illogical to have fear in him whilst living with Howard and playing with explosives on a regular basis. The absence of fear had helped him in Afghanistan, flying the nuke into space, Ultron and may other scenarios and Tony was grateful for that. This lack of fear made him a great Avenger.
“Screw you, Birdbrain.”
When the plane landed in California, Pepper was waiting for him at the platform. Everyone were pleased to see him (Ha!) but Tony had only one thing in his mind, he wanted to see his son. So he asked for a cheese burger, he knew Pepper would understand.
“Cool it lady,” Peter screeches and is promptly head-butted.
“Brat,” Tony said and then pulled Peter into a hug “be nice to May and visit me every weekend.”
May had searched far and wide and this search had led here to Peter Parker Stark. “You are willing to give me custody?” she had asked dubiously and Tony had said “I have my reason.”
“I have plans,” Tony said defensively.
After his visit to the Avengers Peter and his father have a fall out again but luckily May straightens their act and Peter and Tony settle down.
Tony for all his confidence did not expect a certain 15 year old to sling a web and steal captain America’s shield.
Tony was scared for his son. he knew it was irrational, but Tony was scared. Scared that Barnes was out there in Wakanda. He knew that Peter was more than capable in protecting himself and before Barnes can do anything, The Dora Milaje would neutralize him. But Tony was a father and irrational fear for his son is normal or that’s what Rhodey says.
“Mr. Stark where was your son all this time.”
And that proved the biggest mistake he made with Peter.
And Tony cracked like an eggshell.
“Shuri, stop scaring our guests,” Romenda snaps.
Tony made sure that Peter didn’t find out about Tony’s new project.
______________
“It’s not that bad,” Tony said with a cringe as the taste of engine oil hit his tongue “I take it back.”
Peter never felt dread and cold anger like he did that day
“DAD!”
“Did you know?” Peter said as he barged in Tony’s new workshop apartment.
“Peter it’s my job to protect you, not drag you into my fights.”
The most disturbing thing was Tony finding out the new vigilante’s identity… Peter Benjamin Stark.
(Spoiler for Black Panther)
-------------------
Absentmindedly Tony rubbed his chest, he knew there were a spider web of black scars present. The heart that saved him before is  slowly killing him. Secretly he made sure that Rhodey got War Machine, Pepper was the CEO of Stark Industries and most importantly his son had enough money and safety to last a lifetime and more.
“Hello Tony,” said Steve.
When Tony went to drop Peter at May’s he sent Happy out to fetch Peter’s bags. Peter asked him when the next mission was and got this as a reply,
“Are you sure May?” Tony asked, nervously toying with her horrid fruit cake.
Things got a little messy after thanksgiving, like Tony’s lecture that led to him realizing some terrible truths. His attempts to tame the Avengers which led to Steve leaving in a huff and Zola getting into Barnes’ coding and releasing the Winter Soldier.
“Do you have a family Stark?” Yinsen asked and Tony’s mind took him to his seven year old son. Tony was so grateful that no one did not know about Peter.
Tony realized something that day, he doesn’t know what he realized so he took on Peter’s responsibility because this boy would be the joy in his life.
Tony made a sly face and said “How is Liz?” which made him promptly fall into a fit of laughter at the way Peter’s face turned pink.
Tony didn’t know whether to kill Peter or hide him from the world.
After half an hour when he saw a mush covered Rhodes and Peter no one could blame Tony for taking a picture.
“It’s a mini arc reactor,” he said to which Peter made a confused sound.
“Why are you doing this Daddy,” Peter wailed at Tony. But Tony had his back against his son, if Peter hated him the pain of his death might lessen
Tony didn’t come back safe.
Then T’Challa wants to introduce the world to Wakanda.
“She started it,” Peter yelled and pointed at a smug looking Shuri.
________________
“An object at rest stays at rest and an object in motion stays in motion with the same speed and in the same direction unless acted upon by an unbalanced force,” Tony looked at his son questioningly to which Peter sneezed. Smiling fondly Tony ruffled the toddler’s hair. Tony doesn’t expect Peter to know all this, he’s no Howard for expecting this from his son. Tony would be content no matter how Peter turned out to be. Tony sighed and looked at the bowl of oatmeal mush in his hand, he knew a bath will be necessary after this and not just for Peter
When he is sure his father can be alone now, Peter leaves for his aunt’s home with his new suit.
“It doesn’t matter?! That man put you in Cardiac arrest!”
T’Challa had put his trust in Tony, the king had asked Tony to be one of the leading player in introducing Wakanda’s vast technology to the world and that meant that Tony had approval to learn everything tech in the kingdom, which was awesome, but on the Downside Tony knew he would have to face Steve sooner rather than never.
Life becomes mellow, Peter goes to school, has decathlon training and finally manages to persuade Ned in to forgiving him. after he’s forgiven, Peter takes Ned to his personal lab at the new Stark building and they proceed to blow up stuff until Tony yells at them to stop before the neighbors complain (it was 12 am). Peter and Ned also form a blooming friendship with MJ, who still looks at them like they are the biggest idiots she has ever seen.
“Well it’s too late to take him to a doctor so the only thing you can do is try to keep his fever down,” she explained as Tony juggles the wriggly baby.
Tony Stark was many things, as he once said, a genius, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist. But amongst all these things he was not a bad father. That’s right he, Anthony Edward Stark, was a proud father and even though Peter was a mistake, he was the best mistake that Tony ever made in his life.
__________________
“Yes.” Of course his smart boy had found out about his sickness. “May is your aunt she’ll take care of you when I’m gone.”
_______________
Tony landed on Wakandan soil for a second time this month. His first visit had him come face to face with Steve. Tony knew that the Avengers stayed in Wakanda for some time and that they are also helping T’Challa and would in no way harm him or his son but the thought of them set Tony on the edge.
Tony grimaced “Why Oscorp, Stark Industries also does field trips.”
But the one thing that’s eating up his mind was SHEILD, they’d sent a spy to watch over him (and they thought he wouldn’t notice, he’s a genius for Christ Sake) and god knows how hard he tried to hide Peter. If they did find Peter, Tony knows they’ll take him, SHEILD isn’t as clean as it seems.
Phantom pains echoed in his chest but Tony replied “Steve.”
---------------
On the day the Avengers had to leave for the Barton’s place, Tony was in the kitchen humming along an unknown song and making lasagna, from scratch.
“So why are you here?” Natasha asked, her voice neutral.
Peter presses down on his palm and clogs the mouth of the blaster with webbing causing the girl to yelp.
“Can we not,” Tony said softly. The wound that Steve had given him may have healed but the pain of the fight and betrayal still lingered.
____________________
After his visit to the Avengers Peter and his father have a fall out again but luckily May straightens their act and Peter and Tony settle down.
“I’m going to go say goodbye,” he stood up and went to Peter’s new room where he found the recently turned teenager putting away his clothes.
Steve gave a weary smile and walked away. He will win back Tony’s trust but in the meantime he would respect Tony’s wishes.
Shuri was at there to welcome them, ignoring Tony completely and immediately showing Peter and Ned a parody vine she made of her brother’s shoes. Tony leaves the cackling teenagers and goes to greet Lady Ramonda.
“I would appreciate if you didn’t do that,” Peter smiled and left them all staring at hi in shock.
“The young master is currently in your bedroom, but I do not think he is very keen on seeing you,” The AI said. Tony moved towards the master bedroom.
Before Tony can answer Shuri drags a sputtering Peter and Ned in to the room.
“Were you ever going to tell me Peter.”
“You are in so much trouble Peter Stark.”
______________________
Peter knew he had been found out when he fund his father sitting on his bed with his face devoid of emotion. “So you know”
Tony had just finished a 32 hour binge at the workshop and now seemed like the perfect time (2 am) to get some coffee. Now how can he polarize waves that are not transverse ….
“Why did you keep him a secret.”
Caved in chest cavity.
The man’s finally caught up to him and so Tony turns to take a good look at him. His long hair’s pulled into a bun and he’s shockingly attractive, though maybe it’s just because Tony’s fucked up. He oftentimes thinks people are more attractive when he’s fucked up.
“How are you gentlemen doing?” the man asks with an - what is it, english? - accent.
“I was hoping you’d say at the R&D meeting, but I think it’s safe to assume that’s not the case.”
“Dreams made real?” Tony wonders aloud.
“Mommy?” Tony murmured.
When they reached the car, Steve plucked the keys from his breast pocket and unlocked the door.
He drove the rest of the way to the burger place, gripping the wheel hard to stop his hands from shaking.
He proceeds to tell Jarvis about his past, present, and future. About how Jarvis was always pushed around for his whole life; how, if he was married, he’d be pushed around by his wife, too; and about how, in his future, he’d be able to be the man he’d always wanted to be.
“Where’s my mommy?” Tony asked anyone who would listen.
“Hey, are you ready to go?” Steve questioned as soon as he saw Tony.
“Hi, sweetheart. You’re just going to feel a little pinch and then you can go to sleep, okay?” a woman with blonde hair and green eyes told him.
Tony nodded before his eyes slipped closed. The next thing he knew, his father was pulling a chair up next to his bed.
“How about I go and get your dad? He can talk to you about your mom.”
“I’ll wait for you,” Tony interjects, cutting him off. “I’d like to wait for you, really.”
Suddenly, a puff of green smoke settles across the whole room like fog rolling over a lake. A glowing skull mask appears on Loki’s face, making his eyes reflect a putrid purple color. He laughs menacingly, pulling a palm-sized mask with fangs from mid air. Loki holds it to Tony’s finger and the mask bites him, making it well up with blood. His blood fills the clear lines of the mask and turns it a crimson red color.
Natasha smiles at him, one of those devious ones where he knows that he’s in big trouble.
As expected, Steve was waiting in the lobby by the time Tony arrived. Steve was always perfectly punctual and often was where he needed to be ahead of time. Tony couldn’t have been any more different.
None too soon, the concert comes to an end and Tony sidles away to find a drink. He’d managed to sober up during his time on stage and he’s ready for a few more shots or maybe a joint. He comes across a few beer bottles in his dressing room’s mini-fridge, and he scours up a dime bag of coke from last week in the back of a drawer that he forgot about. He cracks open the beers and snorts a few lines on his vanity in between sips. His heart flutters too weakly and too fast in his chest.
"Steve-" Tony started but got cut off by the captain's sudden hug.
"I'm so happy for you," I said simply. Steve relaxed his shoulders and smiled like a puppy. His eyes were glittering with happiness. I wished he looked at me like that.
Steve face paled and stood in shock.
"Who is it?!" Tony shouted, throwing his shirt onto the bed.
Steve watched as Tony typed and gasped when he finished.
"I love you," Tony whispered as they both pulled away. Steve smiled, hugging Tony tightly as he let his head hang on top of Tony's.
He slammed the door shut but Steve stopped it with his foot. Tony stomped back inside while Steve followed in after him.
"Teddy bears?" Tony scoffed. "That's cute but I don't know."
"And what was more important than your work then," Steve asked, chuckling slightly.
And with that, Natasha pushed the ring into Steve's chest and it fell into his shaking hands. He quickly slipped it back onto his finger and ran his fingers through his hair. He sat himself down into the couch and thrust his face into his hands in frustration.
"Tony," Steve breathed out, eyes glistening with happiness. He walked towards Tony elegantly with his arms out and hugged the shorter man's frame. Tony blushed red and quickly hid the flowers behind his back, hoping that Steve wouldn't notice.
"C-cold."
"...I'm sorry."
"Tony looks so innocent..."
"Tony! You're awake!" Natasha screamed.
"I don't know...It doesn't seem very safe," Steve responded, resting his head on top of Tony's.
"No-one," Tony reassured, "I just uhm...bought these for myself. Yes. For myself."
Steve lifted his eyebrows and sighed.
"You can't. You weren't a friend."
Silence fell upon us for a while until he spoke up. This was the first time he has asked a question since he woke up.
Tony sighed and looked at him. "Really? Steve Rogers? I know what it should be!"
Bucky nodded and gave his thanks to Tony. Both Steve and him ran off to Bucky's room, leaving Natasha and Tony once again to themselves.
Tony, responsive but unable to talk, tilted his head to look at Steve. He tried to open his mouth but Steve shook his head.
Of course it seemed easy at first but as time moved on rapidly, his confidence fell along with it.
"Bucky," Tony cried, "Steve's been up in his room for a whole day already. I seriously messed up!"
"Steve," Tony whispered, "I love you."
"Tony?" Steve asked, wanting to push an answer out of his boyfriend. A grunt of acknowledgment came through, leaving Steve frowning.
“Is it because you’re dying?” was the question Peter greeted him with.
The media had Known that a Stark heir existed, they had multiple pictures of Tony Stark with a child at various ages; but they never figured out his identity, Tony made sure of that. When Peter was very young Pepper had told him of making Peter a public knowledge, not so much as the paparazzi would hound the kid but more in the terms of making the people slightly aware of Peter.
“How have you been?”
“Why? Can’t I?” Tony snarked.
“I know, but dad come on you need all the help you can get.”
“Please ….”
Tony stopped near Peter’s room, he could hear faint whimpering coming from the room, which was odd because the kid was usually so quiet. Curiosity piqued Tony decided to investigate what was happening. He opened the door and was immediately greeted by the sight of a really pale sickly toddler. Thanking his lucky stars that he had already showered in the lab, Tony reached in the lifted the child into his arms.
“Tony, you know that Peter is perfectly welcome to stay with me and continue with his studies,” she said giving Tony the look which was vaguely like the look Pepper gave him when he was being stupid. He should have never introduced them.
“Well we’ll miss you Tony,” Steve said and smiled crookedly at Tony
“Hello Tony,” said Steve.
for those who watched Black Panther how was it ?
“It’s blasphemy,” Tony said and looked at the book with disgust, half of the things in the book were wrong. “How’s the decathlon coming along?”
“I’ll be okay,” Rhodes said with a smile “Can I feed Peter?”
She hums and nod her head and opens the door to the throne room where Steve, T’Challa and Natasha wait. With a deep breath Tony steps in.
They keep their talks strictly professional and down to the point. They go over the paper and scour over laws of different countries but they don’t mention the thick tension in the air. Hours pass by and Tony starts to fidget, wondering where Peter is what is he doing.
In the morning Tony woke with a sharp gasp, with the phantom feeling of water in his lungs. Thankfully Peter didn’t wake up.
He remembers when Pepper first brought the one year old into his office. Mary, Peter’s mother had died a few days ago and   the child had no one else in the world except for Tony.
No it wasn’t because of the girl. She and Tony had made peace over what had happened in the past. They both know that certain circumstances had caused the problems and there was no use crying over it.
She just wished Clint had thought everything through before going to fight.
__________________
______________
“What do you want?” Clint asked, hostility evident in his voice.
His father has difficulty in breathing sometimes. Phantom pains. Peter knows sometimes his father doesn’t sleep for days until he crashes, he knows because Peter is the one who carries Tony to bed when he cashes. (He was so grateful for the strength he had now). The letter that arrived for Tony was somewhat of a balm and a reminder of what happened.
“You can’t do this, it’s insane!” 9 year old Peter said as he stared in horror as his father took a sip at the milkshake that DUM-E just handed to Tony.
