"I'm done, papa. I need a towel."
(See the end of the chapter for
That's when Emma decides she's had her fill of sandwiches and curly fries and starts asking about the bug tent. Dean realizes he hasn't even started eating the tacos Sam purchased for him, and now looking down at them, he feels a bit funny stuffing his face with meat in front of Cas who's still munching on carrots. Luckily, Sam managed to finish his own food while Dean had been preoccupied with his new friend and offers to take Emma while they finish eating. Dean's just happy he didn't have to actually tell Sam he wasn't going into that bug tent, because after acting like a fool all day in front of Cas, Sam has more than enough ammunition to tease Dean for years to come.
"Sorry, kid. I didn't mean to scare you."
Cas cries out as another contraction grips him, his belly going taut and back arching off the bed.
and within moments, Emma is asleep. Cas offers to change it to a more grown-up movie, but Dean insists on watching in case Emma asks him about it tomorrow. Laughing quietly, Cas lays his arm across Dean's shoulders to pull him in closer. Sitting here like this with Dean at his side and Emma safe in their arms, it's hard to think of a more perfect day.
"This is awesome, Cas. I'm not really an artistic guy, but your photos are amazing."
the one begging to-
Dean leans in to capture his lips in a hungry kiss.
Sam lingers in the doorway listening to his brother and nephew. Dean's doing different voices for all the characters and Jack is looking at him like he hung the moon.
"Dean I...I'm sorry if I offended you, it was not my intention. I have the utmost faith in you and your ability to adapt to this new development. I also hope you grow to appreciate the beauty that I see when looking at your wings."
"I'm going to miss you. So will Emma."
Alrighty enjoy and thank you for reading!
"Hey Emma, what's wrong?" Dean walks over to the bed, which looks far too large now that Emma was actually here. It looked like she was being swallowed whole by the mound of pillows and blankets.
He was glad they were able to get through the nerves though. It felt good to have this time to connect with his mate again. Luckily, Cas' doctor had been right about his heat being mild. The younger Omega had told him about how hard his heats always were and that most likely he'd need to go back on suppressants after weaning Daisy.
At his ex-husband’s house, the housekeeper kept everything spit-spot, and the kitchen, which had been photographed several times for various magazines, was more for show than for home cooked meals. Before the kids had been born, they had dined out three or four times a week, always at some up-and-coming new restaurant that Jay had heard about from some well-to-do business associate. It was always pretentious, snobby cuisine served in multiple courses, so small they were laughable, with prices that could feed a family of four for a month.
"I don't know Sammy, we were talking and things were fine. Cas was getting hit pretty hard with contractions but he was handling it. Then the monitors started going nuts and he got really pale and just passed out.
It's slow going. Every time they unearth one of Vada's old toys or baby gear, Dean has to wrestle with the thought of giving it up. Logically, he knows it's not likely he'll have another baby, and Vada certainly doesn't need it. Sam can see he's struggling though, and after he gently suggests donating the items to a shelter, Dean finds it a lot easier to let the stuff go. It helps to think Vada's old things might be going to a family that's having as rough a start as he did.
Before he can ask who's there the door swings open and in walks Dean and an aide pushing a cart with his pup snuggled up inside.
Cas clears his throat to bring Dean back to point.
"Fuck, Dean I'm gonna-"Cas breaks off as his body starts to go rigid and his hips lose their rhythm. "Where...Dean where?"
Cas chuckled darkly and started to trail kisses down the newly exposed skin of his boyfriend's chest.
Kisses rain down on his face, and as Dean settles, his fear starts to be replaced with a joy he can feel bubbling up and out of him. He starts to laugh and can't stop, like getting off a roller coaster or realizing you made it out of a hunt alive and untouched. Relief floods through him, and he clings to the sturdy frame of his husband.
It's not long before Adler is hanging up the phone with a little more force than necessary, making Dean flinch as the older man's beady dark eyes pin him in place. Zachariah Adler was a textbook douchebag, and Dean has spent the last six years avoiding the man at all costs. Whatever is about to happen, it can't be good.
yeah, okay Cas. Gonna make me come? Gonna fill me up?"
Only twelve minutes later Ben follows his sister into the world.
"Please ignore him, he suffers from a condition."
"Sweetheart I am 100% on board with where this is going, but let's get inside first."
They ended up rutting against each other while Cas attempted to kiss and lick every inch of Dean's exposed chest, and Dean held his hips in a firm grasp as they thrust their hips desperately seeking much needed friction. Dean comes first with Cas' mouth locked onto one of his nipples and his hands buried in Cas' hair. Cas is only seconds behind him as he spills into his boxers and groans against Dean's flushed skin.
The day had been chaotic and painful and exhausting but now their babies were out in the world, with a whole family waiting to show them how much they're already loved.
Dean's expression goes soft, and he scoots closer to Cas to give him another peck on the lips.
At first, every experience had felt like a grand adventure, but it wasn't just the fancy restaurants, art museums, and spontaneous trips to private islands that was new. Castiel had been experiencing a sexual awakening as well. Even as sheltered as he'd grown up, Cas wasn't the only repressed boy at the church picnics. He'd managed a fumbling hand job or two and even a few sloppy blowjobs here and there, but it was nothing compared to the way sex was with Jay.
Cas laughs with his head thrown back and a hand resting on his stomach. "Oh my, Emma, you surprised me. I see Mr. Moose got dressed up as well."
Dean says it as a joke, with humor coloring his voice, but Cas is glad he's facing away from his husband. He doesn't think he could have kept the pinched look off his face as he feels his gut clench and his heart skip a beat.
It's never been quite clear why Meg and Gabriel get along like oil and water, but their office rivalry is legendary.
"Yeah Sammy, she was."
"Okay Papa! Don't start before I get back!" She darts down the hall before Dean can tell her not to run, and he's not going to yell it out after her with Cas standing right next to him.
"Dean, where on Earth did you find the little costume for Emma's moose?"
"Yeah, well
To be a good mom
Thank you to my beta Beatrix_Kiddo for being so awesome and helpful. She's a real peach 😍.
Big thank you to @Beatrix_Kiddo for being an awesome beta once again!
He comes to a skidding halt in the kitchen, where he finds Dean standing in front of the stove whistling the
They don't have to wait long before the nurses have Cas propped up in bed. A pillow on his stomach to keep pressure on his stitches and baby Jack cradled in his arms.
"Hmm that's nice, Cas," Dean turns in his arms, "but I think you're a little overdressed."
When he feels the base of Cas' dick start to swell with his knot, Dean's head clears a little. He's never been knotted, not even with a heat toy, since the inflatable knots were too expensive for him. He wants it like he wants air to breathe.
Dean is tired, sore, and surprisingly hungry but just looking at Ben and Emma he knows it was all worth it.
"What the hell is this thing?"
Dean holds Emma's hand as they make their way to the
Until he sat down to eat dinner only to see Lydia being walked out of a house in handcuffs while a news anchor reported she was one of the most notorious cyber criminals the Florida state police had ever encountered. They were saying she could be facing life in prison if she doesn't take a plea bargain.
"Look who's here." The aide’s quiet voice is cheerful and friendly, and Cas smiles at her brightly. She scoops up Daisy and comes to hand her over to Cas' open waiting arms.
"Unless you're some kind of angel who can snap your fingers and make the world less shitty, I doubt you could help right now."
"Dean?" All the amusment has been wiped from Sam's voice. Now it's full of concern and uncertainty.
For the most part, Eli was like any other baby. He ate, he slept, and he needed diaper changes. But he also tracked Dean from across the room with his eyes, he appeared to follow conversations... oh, and he could project his needs into others’ minds.
Dean opens his mouth to politely decline, "I'm not sure-"
"Yeah sweetheart, you can eat it. What do you say to Cas?"
uh okay Cas, I've got to get back to the grill, but drop your cookies anywhere on the food table, thank you for bringing them by the way! Grab a drink, green cooler is for adults, white cooler is water and soda, then meet me at the grill and I'll introduce you to everyone."
Dean feels hope blossom inside his chest so intensely he could cheer, but instead he gives his daughter a small smile and a shrug.
"You listen here, Dean Winchester. You don't ‘mess’ things up. You do the best with the hand you're dealt, and you do it with love and compassion. You're a good man, and it follows that you'll be a great father. Not because you're perfect, because lord knows you're not, but because you love that girl and you're willing to try your damndest. Things will work out in due time but until then, I don't want to hear another word out of you about messing things up or not being good enough. Do I make myself clear?"
So Sam would hang out and catch up on his reading while Cas stayed locked away in his room attempting to shoot Alpha come far enough up his ass to catch.
Castiel gives him an incredulous look.
Another loud cheer fills the kitchen. With Castiel working and the kids in school, family time became even more important to the single father. He found that letting his kids help with meal time had the benefit of more time together, but also they were much happier and willing to try new foods. Plus it was just fun, something Castiel had too little of these days.
Castiel was so focused on what he was going to say to Dean that it took him a minute to notice the woman sitting in Dean's chair.
"Everything all right, Cas?" The blue-eyed man can only groan at the fucked-out sound of Dean's voice and nod his head.
Dean nuzzles into Cas' thigh and tries to hide his disappointment. As much as he wishes he'd stay, Dean won't ask that of the other man. He never wants to put Cas into the position of choosing between him and his children, and asking Cas to stay would be doing just that.
Even in the midst of dealing with a meltdown, Dean shudders at the thought of the big ass tarantulas housed in the bug tent. Sam was just going to have to take one for the team, because no way was Dean going in there. Emma is crying hard enough to draw stares from the parents around them, and Dean's face heats up but he stays calm and softly swipes his thumbs over Emma's hands still cradled in his own.
"Hey, hey buddy, it's ok. There was just a mix up somewhere, and your dad or Anna will be here soon." Dean's not sure who he's trying to reassure more, the kids or himself.
. He thought he'd taught Adam better than that. It was the number one rule: never talk about what happens at home, with
The silence coming from Cas is more telling than any kind of excuse he could have given Dean. He raises one eyebrow as he stares his husband down.
He's just picking the cooing infant up again when his mate walks through the bedroom door. His scent is almost overwhelming to Cas' heat sensitive nose, but he keeps a tight hold on his arousal. No need to traumatize the children further.
Dean just sits quietly in shock, and Adler's frown deepens.
"Look at me, Cas."
As they're making their way out to the track, he feels a tug on his sleeve. He turns to see Castiel giving him a small smile.
The moment Castiel had set eyes on the beautiful man, he'd immediately felt the pull in his gut of attraction. It had been years since just the sight of a man could pull that kind of feeling from him, and instantly he'd had his guard up.
Cas positively beams at him, and Dean thinks he could go the whole rest of his life without the sun as long as he had Cas around to shine his light on him.
"I might not have a partner, but I'm not single. I'm a package deal, and there is nothing on this earth that means more to me than my children. So, I can't just think about what I want. I have to also think about what would be best for them. So, if you really want to date me, you need to understand that I can't do casual. Even if we don't stay together forever, I need to know there is at least the possibility of a future before I allow myself or my kids to get any more attached than we already are. Also, you're the boys' teacher, and they are flourishing in school, in no small part thanks to you. If we don't work out, I can't have that affecting them. We've been through a lot and I know it sounds crazy and it's probably way too much pressure just for a date, but I need you to know what you would be getting yourself into. Because Dean, I'm not going to lie, I really like you, and the children like you, and I can see us being something really special, but if you're just looking to have some fun or if you're only interested in..." -- Cas' eyes flick down to stare at Dean's mouth -- "...sex, then just let me know now, because as much as I would enjoy that, I don't think it would be possible for me to have an intimate realationship with you and not get attached. So yes, I would like to go out with you, but I can't do casual."
about this man and his daughter like they invented sunshine and puppies. So
Dean opens the door quietly. They've been home for a week now and Cas hardly leaves the bedroom. The doctor had told him he could move around his home and that bedrest didn't mean being confined to his bed but for him to take it easy and put his feet up. But Cas just didn't move. Didn't talk to anyone except Dean and Matty and even then it was mostly just Matty.
The distraught Omega sticks his nose in the crook of his mate’s neck, sucking in lungfuls of Dean's scent. It's changed since they mated, his spiced orange now mixed with the dark earth tones of Cas' own scent. It helps him focus, but Cas can tell his body isn't going to cooperate.
"Hey Emma, I know it's confusing right now, but I'm so happy to have you here with me. I've got your room all set up and lots of fun things planned for the week."
"Well then you might want to see what you can do to get him to settle down. His blood pressure is dangerously high, and the pup is going into distress."
"No. Don't even think about it, Dean Winchester. If you come even one step closer, I don't think I'll be able to hold back. You can't touch me until the pups are on the road to Bobby's house."
Just for fun here are the outfits all 3 were wearing at Castiel's photo exhibit.
They start to sway together in the quiet of the room, and it's so peaceful that Castiel thinks he may fall asleep right where he's standing.
"Yeah, well Novaks do, so let’s get you cleaned up and back into bed."
"Letting a stranger use my hole (raw)"
Cas looks so small. He knows what's coming he's just waiting for Dean to confirm it.
They hadn't wasted time after that getting tested so they could explore each other with greater ease. They may not have found the right moment for penetrative sex, but they had certainly found ways of exploring each other in the limited time they were able to eke out.
Dean sweats.
As much as these feelings and the vastness of them scare him, Cas knows now that he's more than ready to open his heart.
He tries to roll away from Cas' touch but the odd weight on his back throws him off balance and he ends up on the floor instead. He finds the cold press of the concrete against his bare torso oddly grounding.
The aide bustles around, propping pillows up under his arms and against the stitches in his sore abdomen, showing him how to hold Daisy and bring her in to get the best latch. It takes a few tries, but they get it fast enough and Daisy takes to it quickly, sucking down milk greedily as her eyes roll up a little, happy to finally be eating.
Dean frowns a little bit. "Oh, did she?"
Dean watches as his mate walks over to open the back door and close the screen. They've got every window and door open to air out the house before Bobby gets there with the pups. The old Beta’s nose might not be as sensitive as an Alpha’s or Omega’s, but he'd be hard pressed to miss the stench of sex and Omega heat that lingered in the house.
Just as he's smoothing out the comforter, Emma walks in with her clothes twisted and stuck to her still damp skin and her hair dripping wet, dragging her towel behind her. Dean's lips tick up in a smile and is again reminded of his little brother. He gestures her closer and squats down to help straighten her clothes and use the towel to ruffle her hair dry. Tossing the towel out into the hall Dean has now reached the extent of his game plan. Emma stands looking at him expectantly, and despite the early hour, it seems they won't be going back to bed.
"That's great, Vada. I think that's a new record for you."
Cas herds them over so Dean can give each one of them a tight hug and a big kiss with tears in his eyes.
"Are you sure?"
It makes Dean a little sick to his stomach to see how easily the boys slip into this new life. How quickly and completely they grow used to regular meals and hot showers and leisure time. Now that school's out for the summer, Sammy spends most of his time with a couple of friends riding his bike (a gift from Cas) around town. Adam has summer day camp and playdates and a backyard with a swingset to pass the time. Dean's not sure they'd be willing to leave this new normal if he needed to run.
When they break apart panting against each other's lips, Cas looks into Dean's darkening eyes and swallows down his nerves. He knows what he wants. He just has to ask.
Also for those interested there is a picture of Dog the moose at the end of the chapter 😂
"Hm, sounds kind of lonely, like you could use some company."
Emma uses both hands to reach out and bring her cup of juice up to her mouth for a gasping gulp before acknowledging Dean.
He smiles softly at the confused look on his Omega's face. He strokes dark strands of hair gently to tuck behind Cas' ears before placing a kiss to the middle of his forehead.
He shuffles out of his office and heads for the kitchen in search of a few Tylenol and a glass of water.
"No problem, Cas. I just want you to be happy, man. You deserve it." Sam's voice was warm with affection, and it brought the first real smile to Castiel's face all day.
"No way Cas. Winchesters never get sick."
"Hey Taylor, what's this ‘Custom Calendar’ thing?"
They broke up that same day.
"I'm here Cas. I love you so much. You're doing great, baby." Dean presses kisses all over his face since that's about all he can reach.
Cas appears to be seriously considering the offer, before he shakes his head.
Emma's easy acceptance will make Bobby happy, and Dean would never begrudge him that.
"Oh yes, Dean. This is a lot of fun, I wasn't really expecting all this from a public school to be honest."
Castiel still had the majority of his powers, including his ability to heal, but if Dean was to die, Cas would be unable to follow his love. The angel would be left to walk the Earth for all his remaining life while Dean's soul resided out of reach in a place he had once called home.
Finally Cas calls for everyone to settle down with an amused voice.
"Okay Emma, it's time to eat and I'm going to give you your options, and you tell me what you want, okay?"
"Ok, so how much time are we talking here?"
"What are you thinking so hard about, love?" Cas relaxes against his chest and places his hand on top of Dean's.
Ok how are we feeling?
"Pretty well. He's still behind with his verbal communication but his comprehension is through the roof. He'll get it. He just needs a little time."
Sam figures he'd probably be the same way if the dude
"Hey Cas," Dean loses his train of thought momentarily when he finds himself looking into deep blue eyes. "Uh I...thanks man for doing that. It was really cool of you."
Dean steps into Cas' room and has to fight hard not to break down again.
Enjoy! Also this chapter is NSFW
"Dean you are doing so well sweetheart. You are going to be fine and so will the babies. The Doctor said there was no reason to believe anything will go wrong. Just try and breathe we'll be there soon."
When Castiel brought it up to Dean, the angel seemed just as stumped. The only explanation they've come up with is Eli's voice is too big to use. Cas can still remember when he'd first crawled out of his grave after Hell, the old gas station where Dean had first tried to talk to him and the busted windows.
"Daddy! Daddy! Look what I made!" Bea is bouncing around him in circles and waving a paper above her head. On her third pass, Cas scoops her up into his arms and she squeals with laughter.
Not wanting to push his luck after so many Alpha encounters, Dean beats a hasty retreat to his car as soon as he has the receipt in his hands. He dumps the bags unceremoniously into the trunk and sets a course for home. Sammy and Adam both take the bus back to the house after school, so Dean still has a few hours to make sure the house is in order and to get dinner started.
"I love you, Cas."
"Yeah hey, hold on a sec." As quickly and quietly as possible, Dean opens his door, wondering if they've always been that obnoxiously squeaky or if that was new, and steps away from the car so he wouldn't wake Emma.
"I love you Cas, always."
Pouring himself a glass of wine and throwing a bowl of leftovers into the microwave, Cas flops down on the couch with a sigh. Mr. Rogers appears from wherever he was hiding to crawl up Castiel's chest and butt his head against Cas' chin, looking for attention.
Dean scoffs and pushes himself up so he's hovering over Cas. His stomach gives a roll but he's able to keep from upchucking all over his boyfriend's fucking beautiful face.
"Ok Mr. Novak, I need you to listen carefully to what I'm about to say. Your blood pressure is not responding to the medication that was administered in the ambulance. At this point, you are at risk of a stroke. Your pup is also showing signs of distress. It is my medical opinion that you are now deemed at risk and will require an emergency cesarean. Do you understand?"
"Well then, we'll just have to make it up as we go along, won't we?"
"Yeah Cas?"
When the day of Cas' ultrasound appointment comes he wakes with intense morning sickness. He hasn't had much trouble with it since he started eating regular meals but it pops up every now and then.
"Yes Papa. I'm gonna be ta best brother ever!"
"He's going to be heartbroken Sammy. He always wanted this crazy big family, and
"Oh yeah, let me show you what I set up."
Thinking back over the last few weeks, Castiel realized he's never heard Eli cry, not even at night. The people around Eli just seemed to know when he was hungry or wet or needed a cuddle.
He plops down on the bed and looks up definitively at the Alpha still standing by the doorway.
"I'd be happy to, Omega, but you haven't told me what it is yet."
Lenore is 3.5
Castiel's eyes search his face, his nose scrunching up slightly as he takes in Dean's scent, no doubt looking for any clue that Dean's lying. The Alpha stands still and lets his Omega look his fill.
The whole scene stops Cas in his tracks. It's like he's looking at a glimpse of their future: Dean here in their home, helping with the kids, waking up every day knowing that he'd be there, like they were a real family. Cas feels tears prick his eyes, and he steps back through the doorway into the dining room to take a moment to compose himself. He takes a few deep breaths and wipes his eyes. Once he feels like he's not going to make a fool of himself, he walks back into the kitchen with a smile he feels down to his soul.
For the most part, Dean's role doesn't change much. He takes care of the house, cooks the meals, helps the boys with their schoolwork, though luckily Sam didn't need much help. The kid had already far surpassed Dean's skill level. In the evenings after the boys are tucked away in bed and Dean is left alone with Castiel, his role changes.
Looking pretty proud of himself, Dean shoots him finger guns over the top of the car.
Cas gives him a confused look. "I told you I had a cat, Dean."
"Here are the specimen cups. Don't take them out of the package until you're ready to use them, please. Also this is sperm friendly lube-"
Emma only makes it about halfway through the movie before she passes out against Dean's side, but he doesn't even think about stopping the movie. When it's over and there are no more excuses to keep him there, Dean reluctantly gets up to put Emma to bed. Tucking her in gently and pressing a kiss to the top of her head, Dean slips out of the room and remembering at the last minute grabs Castiel's shirt from the dryer.
"Mr. Winchester? I can take you to see your husband now."
Mrs. Butters lets out a small gasp, her hands flying to her mouth.
"Dean, this is it now, no turning back after this point. Are you sure this is what you want?"
Enjoy and thank you for all your awesome comments!
When Dean tells her it's time to make a final decision, Emma settles on a black dress with a knee length skirt and long sleeves. It's covered in bright colored stars, hearts, rainbows, and unicorns, the best part, and the thing that caught Emma's eye in the first place is the attached hood, lined with rainbow stripes on the inside and topped with rainbow dragon spikes down the center of the hood and along the back of the dress all the way to the end of the skirt like a tail. She pairs it with lime green stretchy pants and translucent blue glitter rain boots. Emma makes a point to show Dean how her boots light up when she stomps her feet, making them both laugh.
"Is everything alright, Dean?" Cas is looking at him with concern, a baby carrot forgotten halfway to his mouth.
And just like that, Dean's alone. He taps his fingers against the edge of the table. Can he do this? Is he making the right choice?
"Dean, didn't you know? I already got my dream."
The look of confusion and the faint hint of distress that had been filtering into the Omega’s scent clears up and is soon replaced by the bright bloom of happiness.
Feel free to come find me on
His daughter looks up at him with wide pleading eyes. She's certainly mastered the sad puppy look, though he has no idea where she learned it.
"So is that ‘Grampy’ Bobby I've heard so much about?"
what would happen when the bonding was done between an angel and a human. The only thing he did know for sure was that it would affect their lifespans. Dean's aging would slow and Castiel would begin to age with Dean to create a more balanced life expectancy. The bond also carried into the afterlife, securing Castiel's place in Dean's Heaven.
"Knees up, sweetheart."
"Sure thing kiddo, all the Spongebob you could want."
Jamie perks up a little at that. "I did spend a really long time on it."
"Cas I'm scared."
"Yeah, I've, uh, given it a lot of thought and honestly I've never been interested in having kids. I'm more of a dog person," Sam says with a little tick of his lips like he's fighting a smile. "I want to be there for you and help you during your pregnancy, but after the pup's born, I'm happy to take a step back and just be ‘Cool Uncle Sam.’ I don't have any actual nieces or nephews, so I'd love it if your pup filled that roll."
It was eerily quiet this morning.
Dean clears his throat and tries to wipe his face clean of tears.
Sliding off the couch with reluctance, Emma follows Dean to the island where he has to hoist her up onto one of the three bar stools to sit. She barely reaches over the counter, and Dean makes a mental note to look into a booster seat. He does have a kitchen table, but he eats at the Island more often than not.
She says it so seriously, it surprises a laugh out of both men. As soon as they settle down, Cas starts leading the way to a table covered in light finger foods and glasses of champagne. He keeps his flowers cradled in the crook of his arm as they walk. A few people stop to praise Castiel's work and offer congratulations on his first show.
A smile curls up the Alpha's face, and Dean shivers. What has he gotten himself into?
Cas smiles so wide, it forms small crinkles at the corners of his eyes. Dean wants to trace them with his fingertips.
"What?"
"Wha-oh yeah he's cool with it. Enjoy your free time while it lasts bitch, ‘cause you're not gettin' rid of me that easily."
But right now Cas wants to focus on Jack and Dean is more than on board with that.
As always a huge thank you to
He imagines the weight of his son or daughter in his arms. He imagines tucking them in at night with bedtime stories and forehead kisses, bandaging scraps, watching school plays, and late nights spent making last minute cupcakes for bake sales.
As far as Dean is concerned, Vada is perfect. But at school, the kids are wary of the things that make her different: no mom, thick glasses that make her green eyes look big and round like a bug, and of course her shy and quiet nature. Vada has struggled to make friends since starting school, and it absolutely breaks Dean's heart.
, Papa! I need to burn some rubber."
"Did I just hear you say you're a shark?"
Cas just nods and ducks in to press a soft kiss to the side of Dean's mouth.
Then there were all these people rushing in and...and...there was blood, so much blood. And then the doctor was there, Sam, and he was saying something about a hemorrhage."
"Sorry if my mouth is rank, you woke me up, didn't have a chance to brush my teeth yet."
"Wild horses couldn't drag me away. I'll see you after work."
Castiel's face splits in a blinding smile, and Dean's heart swells with pride. There was once a time when his angel didn't smile, and every one Dean is able to pull from his husband feels like a hard won victory.
Dean makes a broken sound as he fucks Cas through his release. Once Cas is spent, he reaches up with his clean hand to cup Dean's cheek, drawing his thumb under one eye softly.
scroll across the tv screen. Dean carefully scoops her up as she grumbles in her sleep. She lifts her head off his shoulder and looks around with droopy eyes.
"Dean, Dean, please fuck wanna feel you. Want you to come inside me."
Dean's cheeks flush a pretty pink, but he manages to keep his hand from rising to the back of his neck. The thought of meeting Dean's family sends a bolt of panic through Castiel's gut, but the possibility of spending more time with Dean and Emma sparks enough excitement to outweigh any misgivings.
Dean scoffs and leans back against the kitchen island with his arms crossed in front of his chest.
The sound of Dean's laughter distracts Cas from the serious look on his daughter's face.
"Well alright, I'm gonna get this rebuild out of the way, and I'll see you at 6:00. Just text me your address."
No smile for Cas this time. Instead, she folds her skinny arms in front of her chest and grumps at him. Cas can't help it, he laughs, but the sound sticks in his throat when, who he presumes is the girl's father, rounds the corner as well. At the park, the man had been too far away for Castiel to pick out any real detail. But now... now Cas could see he was tall with the same stunning green eyes as his daughter, a day-old scruff on a sharp jaw and his mouth twisted into a bashful smile as he rubs the back of his neck with one hand and reaches out with the other for a handshake.
Old habits die hard though, and Castiel has been hunting since he was knee high to a grasshopper and his mother placed a shotgun in his hands. It was in his blood, and being out of commission during the busiest weekend of supernatural activity he's seen in the last decade has proven to be more of a downer than he was expecting.
"Okay great, I'll pass that along. Unless there's anything you wanted to talk about, that was all I needed." Her voice is warm and friendly, and Dean feels his hackles slowly going down.
Cas stays draped over Dean's back as he starts up a slow drag out of the tight slick heat of the omega's body only to snap his hips forward hard. It's slow but deep, and Dean thinks if he rested his hand on his stomach, he'd be able to feel the outline of his Alpha's cock deep in his guts. Every time Cas pulls back, it feels like Dean's being turned inside out, and his body sways under the Alpha with each powerful thrust.
"Yes you are."
He lets his family engulf him with their arms for a few minutes, trying to commit the moment to memory.
"You're doing fine, Dean, let me help you." Cas' soft laughter is warm and way closer than Dean is expecting, and then easy as anything, Cas is slotting himself against Dean's back, strong arms coming around him and rough palms settling on top of his hands, guiding him gently.
Cas huffs out a laugh and pulls Dean a little closer against him. Dean is more than happy to get some post-sex snuggles without having to ask, and within moments they're both fast asleep.
Cas sucks in a sharp breath and stiffens suddenly.
"Very good, thank you. Alright, and I see you're listed as a single Omega, age 18, no pups - yet. Are there any adult Alphas at this time that have a current claim to you or the minors in your care?"
Cas scoffs at him as he continues to wipe his face gently with the cool washcloth.
"If I agree to this, to give us another chance, then you have to be sure this is what you want. Because I never want to go through another month like the last one again. Not ever Alpha, do you understand?"
He thinks about Cas.
The sound of harsh panting fills the room. Cas' thighs shake from strain and sweat's rolling down his back but he keeps his hips moving in their steady rhythm. He lets his head lull back and moans low.
"Don't get too comfortable, Dean. We're going to need to shower and get dressed before we can fall asleep. Trust me, morning comes very early with kids in the house."
"I give up. What are you?"
Dean looks down at his smiling son who is chewing all over his slobbery hands. At four months old, Levi isn't the most attentive sous chef, but he is the happiest. Adjusting the babycarrier he wears Levi in a bit, Dean glaces at the clock and pulls out the ready-whip. Cas and Emma should be walking in any minute now, and he wants to have something nice and warm for them to drink after being out in the snow.
"Me, too."
Reaching out, Cas gets a hold of Dean's tie and uses it to reel him. At the first press of warm soft lips against his own, Cas is lost. He loses track of how long they stand there sharing sweet kisses and shy smiles, but it doesn't feel like nearly long enough when Dean pulls away to tell him they need to hustle if they want to get to the concert on time.
He hasn't let go of Cas' hand and he wonders if he's squeezing to hard.
Dean nods along as Taylor pulls out his prints and spreads them out in front of him. The Super Saver package meant he got a single pose in the 3 different sizes he'd chosen, and already he can tell it wasn't going to be enough. The pictures were perfect. Emma sitting on the little prop bench, hands at her sides curling around the edge of her seat, button nose covered in freckles and scrunched up as she laughed, flyaway baby hairs and sloppy pigtails lit up like she was the actual sun, and her eyes sparkling with happiness.
Cas had been very patient and now he looked fit to burst.
Once both their arms were free of bags, Karen quickly stepped up to wrap Dean in a warm hug. He's towered over her since he hit his last growth spurt at 17, but Dean has always felt small and vulnerable and protected in her embrace.
than me."
It's hard to see her now and not think of that person he knew before. She looks good, hair a little shorter and a few more lines on her face, but still beautiful as ever. She certainly didn't look like any criminal Dean had ever met. If anything, she looked like a hot soccer mom.
Dean pulls away and wipes at his eyes quickly.
"Hey Cas, these are for you," Dean tries to hand the flowers over without making a big deal of it, but the touched look on Castiel's face makes him blush.
When he comes back, he passes the recliner in favor of dropping to his knees in front of Emma. His own eyes prick with unshed tears and he has to take a moment to clear his throat.
It's hard to walk away, hard not to feel like she'll disappear the moment he turns around, but Dean pulls himself together and quietly goes back to the living room. He sits staring at the envelope for a long time before taking a deep breath and breaking the seal.
Claire has been Dean's shadow for weeks now. Ever since his husband went on paternity leave Claire has been following him around. Offering to get him water or helping to pick stuff up that Dean couldn't bend to reach.
He can feel Dean's come starting to leak from his puffy hole and finally he collapses to the bed. Careful not to land on Dean's vulnerable midsection.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah Cas, fuck, let me hear you sweetheart."
Dean takes the card carefully and slides it into the pocket of his jeans for safe keeping.
Thank you to all of those who've been following along and for the lovely comments! I love reading every single one!
"Need some help?" He quips.
and what was good and right for his daughter. As far as Emma is concerned, Lydia is just like any other mother, and she misses her. Dean wonders what he would have given to talk to his mother again. Of course Dean's mom died, she didn't decide to live a life of crime that ultimately landed her in jail. Still, he remembers Emma's little tear-streaked face and her sad wobbly voice saying she wanted her momma, and he relents.
This was so fun to write and I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed reading all your lovely comments!
"Okay kiddo, there's corndogs, tacos, or burgers. Plus, no matter what, they have curly fries."
"Thanks Mrs. B., really, but we'll be fine. I have enough saved up to get us by for a few months, and I'm sure I'll have a new job in no time."
Despite all of the meditation, strength exercises, and patience on Cas' part, it had still taken almost a year for Dean to be able to shift his wings so that they were no longer visible.
in that moment that they're about to kiss for the first time. His eyes flutter shut as Cas' plush lips press against his, and it's everything Dean had hoped it would be.
He remembers a lot of late nights, before they moved in with Bobby, where Dean would read him to sleep.
Not that Sam would know what that was like because he was 100% single.
"Don't you fucking dare."
Dean lets out a loud moan at Cas' words and pushes back hard on his own fingers.
"Uh, well, why don't I take a look and see if I can figure this computer out for ya?"
That's fair and, in hindsight, Dean recognizes that insulting the guy's cat wasn't winning him any points.
The excited pup dashes down the hall while Cas gets his sleepy daughter settled on the changing table for a fresh diaper.
Cas is not even pretending to give Dean privacy, openly staring at him with raised brows as he talks on the phone. Suddenly, Dean pulls his phone away from his ear and smashes his finger against the mute button before turning to Cas.
He gets a load of laundry going and pulls out fresh linens to remake Emma's bed. There's only the one set of princess sheets, so he goes with the simple maroon set he normally has on the guest bed and hopes Emma at least likes this color better than the last ones.
And a big huge special thank you to Beatrix_Kiddo for being so awesome with editing and cheerleading. I couldn't do it with out her 🥰
Because Dean can remember every word he blabbed to Cas early this morning, but even more importantly, he can remember that Cas didn't say it back.
Emma stares down at her feet stubbornly, and Cas mentally gears up for a hard shoot. He's never met a kid he couldn't crack though, so he's not too worried. He looks back at Dean who's looking down at Emma with a little frown.
"It's beautiful, Dean. I must confess I'm not much of a cook, but I've always wanted to advance my culinary skills."
Howdy y'all here we are at the end of our little story, well technically the end as chapter 10 is the epilogue but(!) It's a a full chapter length epilogue. I'm sorry I'm behind on responding to comments we've had some family health issues. Just know that I read every one of them and they mean the world to me ❤.
"Want to tell me what's bugging you, sweetheart?"
Dean darts his eyes toward the back of the studio. He'd been hoping Castiel would happen to walk out without Dean having to ask about him, but so far there's been no sign of the dark-haired man. Licking his lips and trying to sound casual, Dean clears his throat again to get Taylor's attention.
And Cas isn't stupid. He knows there's more going on between him and Dean than regular friendship, but Cas refuses to push and Dean hasn't said anything.
I hope you enjoy todays chapter and as always a big thank you to Beatrix_Kiddo for editing 💗.
Cas closed his eyes in ecstasy the moment he got that first hit of salty musk flavor on his tongue. God, it's been so long since he's done this, and he's always been partial to giving head. Just the weight of a cock in his mouth again has his dick perking back up in interest. The fact that it's
Dean's belly rumbled and protested, and the Omega quickly chugged the glass of water sitting next to him. He had skipped dinner after Adam had looked at him with his big sky eyes and told Dean he was still hungry after eating his Lunchable. The Omega has yet to learn how to say no to one of his pups. They've got about $30 to their names, but Dean can stretch that out for a few weeks if he makes soup and stocks up on dried beans and rice.
could this get any worse?
Cas stands for a moment taking it all in when he's roughly jostled from behind. Turning around in surprise, Cas finds himself face to face with an older man in a beat-up trucker hat, a greying ginger beard, and a stern look on his face. It was the foot rests of the man's wheelchair that had jammed into the backs of Castiel's legs.
What the fuck?
Bobby had done his best, and Dean loved the man for it. The old grump had given up a lot of years to raise two kids that shouldn't have been his problem, and the thought of crashing into his life again made Dean's gut twist with guilt. So Bobby would have to be a last resort.
They stumble into the house trying to stay close but tripping over Dean's crutches. Dean takes a moment to cast his eyes around the room to make sure Half-Face didn't sneak out the door while he was focused on Cas. He sees her curled up in her new favorite sleeping spot at the top of the cat tree and breathes a sigh of relief. So far, she hasn't appeared very interested in trying to get out of the house, but Dean doesn't want to take a chance of losing her.
"There were complications though Sammy. They couldn't stop the bleeding. They...they had to do a hysterectomy. I had to,
They sit like that until Mrs. Butters finds them to tell them dinner is ready. Vada goes easy when Mrs. Butters holds out her hand, but Dean stays on the couch for a few minutes watching them walk away. Days like this never got easier. He has no idea what he's doing half the time, and yeah, his mom was dead too, but at least he could remember her. Dean had gotten 12 whole years with his mom before the fire that ate up his childhood home tore his family apart.
"Apologies, Dean. My appetite has fluctuated quite a bit over the last month. This morning I was too sick to eat, and now I feel like I haven't eaten for days."
"Yeah, and how's that working out for you, Lydia?"
"It's ok, Dean. I'm just happy to be here, in this moment, with you. Morning breath and all."
Cas pauses from where he's placing kisses down Dean's chest, making his way towards his tempting nipples.
Before he can talk himself out of it, Cas punches in the numbers and hits send. It rings three times before a deep rich voice floods Castiel's ear, and he's suddenly reminded why this is such a bad idea.
gets sick, and it's a good thing, too, because they've already got four teachers out on sick leave.
TW: Pregnant person in distress and young child in distress. Some disturbing comments about violence to a pregnant person. No actual harm comes to either.
⚠️Trigger Warning⚠️
Over the next few months, things had shifted slowly. One day while watching a movie with Cas, bantering back and forth about how it wasn't important for the action to be realistic, just badass, Dean realizes they'd had the whole conversation in their heads. The first side effect of the bond had set in. A telepathic link between Dean and Cas. After testing it out, an overly excited Sam bouncing around asking questions every three minutes, they found there was no apparent limit to the link. Across space and time, Dean could always hear Cas and Cas could always hear Dean. It was really handy on hunts and for when Dean decided to send Cas lewd suggestions while the angel was talking to Sam, just to see him get flustered.
His dick gives a little interested twitch as he studies the images playing out in front of his face.
He looks over at Victoria with desperate eyes, overwhelmed with the knowledge that in a few short moments, this woman was going to walk out the door, and Dean would be alone.
Huge thank you to Beatrix_Kiddo for being so awesome with editing!
When they had made the decision to add to their family, Emma had taken her big sister role very seriously, asking their friend Bess to teach her all about babies so she could help when her brother arrived. When they brought Levi home from the hospital and Dean watched Castiel place the sleeping boy into his sister's arms, her eyes shiny with tears as she leaned in to kiss his dark curls, Dean knew their family was complete.
Castiel's eyes grew wider with each word from Dean's mouth. Now they are bright with unshed tears and his chin trembles slightly, but his back is still ramrod straight and his hands balled into fists.
There is a brief, hot flash of anger inside Dean's chest, but it's immediately doused when Emma's face crumples into tears. She doesn't wait around to find out if she's in trouble. Instead, she jumps from the couch, abandoning her blanket and shark but snatching up Dog, and she runs to her room. Dean flinches when he hears the door slam shut.
"Dean? What the hell, you scared me."
Dean locks up and Cas can feel his channel fill with the wet heat of Dean's pleasure.
Despite Sam's apparent dislike of the holiday, they have fun spending the early evening doing safe Halloween downtown. Emma's trick or treat bag fills up quickly much to her delight, and all the adults coo over her and Dog's matching costumes. Dean pouts because no one recognizes his character, while Cas is getting stopped in the street by teenagers wanting pictures. Dean's grumpy face is adorable, and Cas wishes more than anything that he could kiss him.
What the ever loving
After what feels like hours but is closer to minutes, Dean rolls to Cas' side.
"Sam! It's so good to see you," Cas pulls him in for a hug and a harty back slap.
Cas shrugs and tosses back the last few swallows of his beer, grimacing slightly at the bitter aftertaste.
She eyed the food for another minute before her little hands reached out to grab the half burger on her plate. "I like beans," she said as she took a small tentative bite and chewed slowly before looking up at Dean with a bright smile. "I like it, papa!"
The corner of Cas' mouth ticks up a smidge as he listens to Sam ramble. The Alpha's instincts are flaring under the assault of Castiel's pheromones telling him to provide and care for Cas' Omega.
Sam is shocked to say the least.
"So, what were you hoping to do today? Family pictures? Just Emma? Anything specific you wanted?" It isn't lost on Castiel that Taylor didn't walk back with the pair to bridge the introduction gap.
A blush blooms across Dean's cheeks and Cas marvels that he can still affect his husband in such a way.
A shadow falls across them, and the scent of dark earth and leather tickle his nose. Dean looks up into the concerned face of Castiel.
"Just like that?" Adler seems startled that Dean is upset, and he leans back again, this time frowning.
"Cas," is all Dean gets out before he drives in deep enough for Cas to feel his heavy balls resting against the cleft of his ass, and Dean lets go. Wet heat floods Cas' insides, and he draws his boyfriend down to kiss Dean through the shudders that rack his body as he fills Cas up.
"Good morning, Mr. Winchester. I just wanted to check in and see how the first morning is going for you two."
"Hey, Sunshine. How are my two favorite people? And why are you standing around wet and naked? You're gonna catch a cold."
"Dean."
Cas doesn't mention Dean's slip up with referring to his house as home, but it does send a little thrill down his spine. He settles into his seat and smiles to himself thinking of just what they'll be able to get up to with the whole night ahead of them.
that just won't do. Dean opens the windows a crack to let in a bit of spring air before stripping the sheets and remaking the beds and starting a load of laundry. Then, he tackles the kitchen.
Jack's been deemed perfectly healthy and can finish his stay in Cas' recovery room until it's time to head home.
Castiel rushes forward to scoop Honey into his arms, the boys both jumping up to cling to his sides. The distraught man leans down to drop kisses onto the boys’ heads. He's a mess, old sweats, a ratty t-shirt with no jacket, thick framed glasses perched on his nose and his hair sticking up in wild tangles like he'd just rolled out of bed. Which, on second thought, might be exactly what happened.
"I love you Cas. I can't believe you did this three times." Dean looks at his husband as he laughs quietly.
Sam's voice pulls him back from his rambling thoughts.
Castiel hadn't used his Alpha voice, but it was like the Omega couldn't deny him if he'd wanted to. So, on his knees in the dirt, with Adam now heavy with sleep in his arms, Dean talks. He just word-vomits his whole life story, like all he'd been waiting for was someone who cared enough to ask.
"Dad's in his room. He told us to watch tv while he took a break. He threw up a bunch of times after lunch. It was
baby. Now, with Lydia facing life in prison, child welfare had contacted Dean.
"It's bacon. You don't know what bacon is?"
Cas shuffles across the room with a firm grip on his damp towel. Sam stands in the doorway, his clothes rumpled and a plastic specimen cup in hand with a concerned look on his face. His pupils dilate sharply and then blow wide as the increased scent of Omega heat hits him, but other than that he doesn't react to Cas beyond his soft expression and furrowed brow.
has a cautious excitement churning in his chest. Dean doesn't answer though, just shakes his head. If he opens his eyes, Dean can't be sure he won't break the hold he has on his wings.
he didn't like guys. If he hadn't been with a guy before, how did he
The sky was slowly turning purple as the evening crept to night, and Cas made his way back to his car to head home. All in all, it was a good day, and Cas was ready to eat and call it a night.
Please enjoy!
Cas scoffs incredulously
Emma beams up at him as she starts scrolling through the pictures in her camera. They're pretty, mostly pictures of the snow covered trees and viewscape, and sure enough there are about a dozen photos of a jackrabbit darting between the underbrush. Cas joins them with a sleepy looking Levi, and Dean listens to the two of them talk about their hike.
"I want my mommy," Emma cries against his shoulder, and Dean's heart breaks all over again.
He gets a clean wet cloth from the bathroom and he gently cleans Cas' face.
Sam had insisted on coming to help as soon as Dean told him what was happening. Vada was beyond excited to have her Uncle Sammy home for a visit. The two of them had a nerd bond that Dean didn't fully understand, but he loved that his daughter and brother got on so well.
The old woman clicks her tongue as she sees them file in. Mrs Perkins is very sweet, but she has a low tolerance for people who don't follow the rules, including tardy guardians. The kids stand in a huddle looking out the big window facing the front of the school where the pick up line starts with anxious eyes. They've been suspiciously quiet since it became obvious Anna was later than usual.
Cas had been bugging him for a week to tell him what was wrong, and for a week Dean had stubbornly avoided him, firm in his decision
"Cas, would you, uh, maybe want to spend the night?"
"Go ahead Cas, you tell them."
"Meg, you
First thing Castiel decides is that they need to up the amount of times he inseminates himself each day. All the blogs might say once is best, but that's for mated couples experiencing a complete knotting. With his little cup and syringe method, Castiel isn't coming close to the same hormonal response. If they space it out to a morning, afternoon, and evening deposit, then it could also help even out the rest of the side effects he'd been experiencing since introducing his body to Alpha semen.
"Emma," Dean tries not to sound as devastated as he is. "Don't cry sweetheart, please. We can change your room however you want."
He's sobbing as he tries desperately to find some kind of relief when suddenly the room explodes with the scent of Alpha, his Alpha. Dean whimpers and pulls out his fingers with a soft squelching noise to reach blindly for Cas.
@@@@@@@@@
"I'm not mad, Dean. Honestly I'm worried you aren't going to remember telling me that or that you'll regret it when the meds wear off."
Marvin's smile goes tight and his eyes hard.
Emma scoffs, offended. "Sharks don't smile, papa, they bite!"
Cas sits in bed and watches Dean sleep. He was supposed to be reading over the edits his publisher had sent back to him but he found his mind wandering.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thank you, papa," green eyes look up at him, and Dean swallows against the lump in his throat.
They choose
"I wanna help cook!"
Dean sucks in a breath and nods his head while biting his lip to keep from letting out any noise.
"When I got your text and saw how tired you were I just couldn't stay away any longer. It was killing me Cas. I know you don't want to get me sick and I know you've been taking care of things on your own for a while now but just because you
Luckily Emma's clothes seem to have taken the biggest hit and the mattress is completely dry. Taking the bedding down to the washer and stopping to scoop up Emma's soiled clothes, Dean feels a small smile tug at his lips when he hears Emma splashing around and humming.
They lay together for long minutes, just breathing each other in and running fingertips along sweaty skin, come cooling between them and seeping from Cas once Dean gingerly pulls out.
the man's thighs...
It's scary and exhilarating and way too fucking soon.
The sun beats down on Castiel's bare shoulders as he pushes the mower across the lawn. He lost his shirt almost an hour ago; it wasn't even full summer yet, and he was tired of the heat already. Even with an early start, it was close to noon by the time Cas finished with the yard. At least the plants all had a drip system in place, so he didn't have to water them.
"When the boyfriends away the Twink will play"
Dean licks his lips and can't meet his husband's eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not gonna lie Mrs. B. I
"If it makes you feel better, I used to watch him too, but as a teenager, and I had a major crush on him."
"Cas, sweetheart, it's time to wake up."
And now he's here, outside the mall, red-faced and sweaty, because he can't keep his shit together for more than two minutes at a time.
Not even for pie.
Dean damn near swallows his tongue as miles of tan skin moves over tight muscle with the motion of Cas' arms. His eyes trail from the sharp dip of hip bones, over the light trail of hair around Cas' belly button up and over his broad chest, across his strong shoulders and finally up to the other man's face where he's staring at Dean with one eyebrow raised and a hand out for the shirt Dean has completely forgotten about.
Slick is pooling under him, he's leaking so hard, and all he wants is to feel his mate’s body against his own.
good with his hands. Just ask his ex-boyfriend."
you feel so good. I'm not...not gonna last. Too much...
The kids stare at him blankly.
"Uh, ya know, about as well as to be expected. We had a pretty early morning, so Emma is already down for a nap."
The little girl looks at him a moment longer before saying a quiet goodbye and turning to walk towards the man calling to her. Cas looks up and waves to let the poor guy know everything is fine, but he's not paying attention, too busy scooping up the little girl and hugging her tight. Poor guy, Cas thinks, must be the first time she's wandered off. Working at the mall means Cas has seen his fair share of lost kids or desperate parents. He watches the pair walk away towards a sleek black car and feels glad they made it back to each other safely.
"I told you he has a daughter."
Sorry for any mistakes and I hope you enjoy!
"Don't fret, Cas, I'm only sore because I was feelin' sorry for myself and decided sleeping in front of the tv was a better choice than getting my lazy ass up and into bed."
He hangs up the old Motorola flip phone labeled "Fish and Wildlife" and lets out a frustrated huff. A flutter and roll in his gut jolts Cas out of his grumbling, and he looks down at his protruding midsection with a fond smile. One big hand comes up to rub loving circles right in the spot he'd just been kicked from the inside.
Here, Cas turns to hide his face against Dean's chest.
don't have to do that."
Cas stands back to watch Teddy approach Dean with his gift. He can't hear their exchange, but he can see the soft smile Dean gives his son as he squats down to look him in the eye. They exchange a few words before Teddy hands over the flowers, and Dean gives him one of those side hugs all teachers are trained to give. Dean is careful to treat the boys the same at school as he does all his other students, even though on any given night of the week you could find him on Cas’ couch with the children in what can only be described as a puppy pile while they watched cartoons or Dean read them a bedtime story.
He remembers learning they were having a son.
"What the fuck happened, Cas? I feel like shit."
Dean just bites his lip and shakes his head, and Cas sighs in resignation. Let Dean have his fun, Cas thinks. After all, he enjoys watching his boyfriend's excitement over surprising him almost more than being surprised. So he figures it doesn't hurt to play along.
Face bursting into flames, Dean drops his eyes and hands over the clean t-shirt without a word.
"Cas! Cas! Look at me! Guess what I am, guess!"
was the one to tell Dean then maybe they could work things out. Go to couples therapy or whatever you did when your boyfriend was addicted to sex.
"Okay kiddo, show me whatcha got."
He stands and Sam doesn't even slow down just slams into him and wraps his brother in the tightest hug he can manage. As if he could keep him from shattering with his arms alone.
Dean stretches out alongside Castiel and breaks the kiss with a happy little sigh. Cas is guided to his side so Dean can plaster against his back, bringing one arm around his waist to support the weight of his belly.
Cas takes one step back as if to leave, and Dean finally manages to shake off his shock to speak.
Not today, though. While normally watching Cas flying through the air with his wings spread wide in flight would send a thrill down the hunter’s spine, today the sight had a much different effect on Dean. Standing alone, he watched Cas with a sick feeling in his stomach and sweaty palms at his side.
"Of course," Cas grunts, not even looking up from the papers.
"Six, sir."
"Wouldn't dream of it. Now scoot out of my way so I can get a beer and show your boy where he can put his cookies."
"Run and use the toilet please Matty, then find your shoes. I've already packed your bag."
Dean keeps brushing his fingers along Cas' forehead then along his cheeks. His thumb brushes his bottom lip then he starts back at the top.
feel them and they
Large hands stroke softly along the taut skin of Castiel's stomach, stirring their baby into a flurry of tumbles and kicks that have Dean chuckling into Castiel's shoulder. All the movement from the baby triggers a few braxton hicks that have Castiel wincing as he cramps up. Immediately, he can feel the tingle of Dean's grace flowing into him and calming the ache. He hums appreciatively and melts back into Dean's solid form.
Emma finds them there not long after still kissing, and she talks them into a walk around the neighborhood that turns into Emma riding her bike while Castiel and Dean hold hands and trail behind her. Dean bumps his shoulder into Cas lightly.
Castiel throws his head back with laughter, his own smile so big it shows most of the gums along his top teeth. Dean's heart swells with affection. He can't believe that this beautiful creature in front of him exists and that he gets to be the lucky son of a bitch that gets to keep him.
, the little Beta had been plagued with nightmares and would wake up crying and eventually end up in his parents' bed. Cas would feel guilty that Daisy was all alone, so she would join them too in a moses basket. After a couple of months when Daisy was sleeping for longer stretches and Matty was having less nightmares, they moved both pups back to their own beds. It was Dean's idea to put the crib in with Matty. He didn't feel so alone at night, and Cas was able to check on him during night time feedings.
. Realizing he's just been staring, Cas drops Dean's hand like he's been burnt.
"Well, I'm sorry you feel that way Dean. I'm sorry you didn't actually want to mate me and that I wasn't enough to make you stay, but you're going to have to step up now because…"
⚠️ Just a heads up I'm doing away with the Wednesday schedule. I'm struggling to maintain it with everything going on right now. The last few chapters will still come out in a timely matter though so no worries!
It takes almost 20 minutes, but Castiel feels confident that he's got the sequence down and will be able to replicate it once he's home. He tells Charlie thank you and turns to head out to his car, looking down to make sure he has all his things on him.
arise, just give me a call, okay? Anytime." Dean gives him a wink that roots Cas to the spot, and he watches the man walk away in a daze.
"Well, don't worry little snake. I already ate breakfast, so I'll leave your eggs alone...for now."
what I'm supposed to think."
The day drags on while the remaining kids all take turns claiming to be sick in an effort to go home early. Little sharks, all of them. By the time lunch rolls around, Dean is more than ready for a break. He flops into the first empty chair in the Teachers’ Lounge and is just about to take a bite of the sandwich he brought when his phone vibrates in his pocket.
It was Cas that had started with the grinding. The sounds of Dean moaning as Cas pressed down against his rapidly filling cock sent heat straight to Cas' own swollen member. Suddenly, Cas was desperate to hear Dean falling apart under him. He wanted to see this beautiful man come undone knowing
Cas zeroes in on the nurse in front of him, but he can't concentrate for long. The pain is overwhelming, and his mind is jumping around. He's worried about Matty and Dean and Claire. They never got through to Dean. What if the Alpha did something to him first before he showed up at the house? Dean could be lying in a ditch hurt or dead somewhere, and Cas doesn't know.
and is drinking water okay. I mean I couldn't get you to eat much more than pizza and pie for almost the entire first month you boys came to stay."
if you want you can come a little closer and let me rub up against you for a bit."
" Yes of course Cas, of course. But Cas, baby listen."
"Ah yes, and what a lovely giraffe you make." Castiel chuckles and finally his eyes shift from Emma, landing heavy on Dean, making him swallow hard.
A slow smile crawls across her face, and Cas quickly snaps a few shots before she starts nodding her head enthusiastically. They spend a few moments making "shark" faces before Emma starts to break down into real smiles and giggles and even lets Cas pose her a bit. Once she cracks, she's surprisingly easy to work with, and it doesn't take long for Cas to get a number of good shots to choose from.
"I'm sorry, Cas. I was trying to be romantic, waking you up with kisses, but you were being stubborn."
He doesn't even wait until he gets home to call Sam and let the Alpha know they were a go for his next heat. It would be his last chance for the year, and Castiel suddenly had a good feeling that this would be the one to stick. With a clear goal in mind, Castiel headed home to do what he did best: research. He'd scour the internet until he found every available tip, trick, and snake oil that would help his chances of getting his pup.
reacted to an Alpha like this. Even John's scent put him off after Dean had presented, but one whiff or touch from Castiel and Dean's ready to bare his neck and present his ass. Maybe he should go with his instincts on this one and try to trust the Alpha. At the very least, he can hear the guy out. After all, he did just save their asses.
"Most lubricants outside of natural Omega slick have spermicide in them even if they aren't labeled as such. This is sperm
Nothing was going to change tonight, so Dean heaves himself up from the table, his legs tingling harshly from sitting for so long, and drops in a heap onto their lumpy couch. The house only has two bedrooms, and while John's bed is now up for dibs, Dean doesn't even think about using it before he can buy new sheets. The Omega shuts his eyes and tries to quiet his mind.
He glances around trying to spot his brother. Ever since Dean had called to invite him to the party and casually mentioned they'd be announcing the baby's gender, Sam has been teasing him mercilessly about having a "gender reveal" party.
He ends up on his knees leaning against the vanity and staring horrified at the mess he's spewed all over Cas' clean floor. He's still in the process of working up the energy to stand and clean up when a cool hand cups his flushed face and his chin is tipped up. A cold damp cloth brushes along his mouth and Cas' concerned face comes swimming into view.
. The Alpha is dressed in tight blue jeans, a faded maroon band tee, and a black leather jacket that has saliva pooling in Dean's mouth. In short, the guy was sex on two legs, and Dean thought that
Also this chapter is from Castiel's POV and is a bit heavier as we learn some important things about his backstory.
"Well get on with it, then. I don't have all day."
Hope you enjoy!
: Castiel
When the call finally comes, it's early in the day and Dean is surprised by the anxiety that pierces through his gut. He thought he'd gotten a handle on himself, on his anger, on the feeling of betrayal, and the devastating knowledge that he'd never know what it was like to hold his daughter when she was tiny and so very new. All that went out the window though when he heard an automated voice asking him if he'd accept a collect call from the Florida prison Lydia was being held at.
Cas bites his lip and shrugs. "It's been a while for me but I'm open to whatever you had in mind."
Castiel gives him a small smile and gestures him through the door.
"What's up, kiddo?"
Cas swallows thickly and licks his lips. "Um, I'm looking for Dean?"
"Okay, now pay attention to Papa, ‘cause this is the most important part. After you stir in the chocolate, you need to put the marshmallows in
Claire is the first to get it. She jumps up and squeals as she throws her arms around her Dad.
"Holy shit Cas, that was insane." Dean looks boneless and sated, but Cas is once again hard as a rock.
It may be a bit of a mood killer, but they probably
"Can I give you a hug goodbye?"
If you're interested in any of the wildlife mention in todays chapter here are some youtube videos you can check out!
"You lost, son?"
"Oh honey, of course Dean will love your card, especially because you spent time drawing it yourself. It shows you put a lot of time and effort into making something special just for him that no one else will have."
Fumbling the lube open, Dean first drizzles a little over Cas' cock where he's still lightly stroking himself. He gasps as the cool liquid hits his overheated skin. The added slick makes a delicious slide against the rough calluses of his hands.
The house itself was small and not overly cluttered, but the detached single car garage was a whole other story. Dean had years of crap stored in there: Vada's baby things, some of Elizabeth's things, stuff Dean kept over the years in case he might find a use for it again and save some money, and of course all of John's boxes that were sent to Dean after his father died.
Dean is floating in a wave of mated bliss, his ass throbbing in time with his heartbeat around his Alpha's knot in the most delicious way. Cas easily maneuvers them onto their sides so he can continue to stroke Dean's belly and lap at his mating bite.
She looks up and bites her lip.
Their divorce had been a long time coming, but Castiel can still remember the sucker punch of shock when Jay had offered a monetary settlement in exchange for severing his parental rights. His ex had been distant after Bea had joined their family, but Castiel had never even entertained the thought that Jay would abandon the children. As much as he had wanted to tell his ex-husband to take his settlement money and shove it where the sun doesn't shine, Castiel would have been left with almost nothing and three babies to care for.
"There was a coffee house across the street, Dean. I was across the fucking street. I didn't think I'd be gone long enough to need a note."
"Dean, you know I don't understand that reference."
His angel has never gone into details of exactly what had happened, but Castiel sometimes suspects it wasn't quite as easy as Dean made it out to be. Cas' eyes slip over to where Dean is stretched out beside him, arms folded behind his head and feet crossed at the ankles. Anyone would think he was sleeping, except angels don't sleep.
Before he can say anything else though Dean keeps talking.
Dean just shakes his head fondly.
Dean barks out a surprised laugh and shakes his head.
For the last three days now Dean's felt his heat coming on. His skin was more sensitive, his poor nipples were pebbling up with every slight breeze or brush of cotton, and he was waking up each morning with Cas plastered to his back and scenting deep at the crook of his neck.
"I'm adopted."
"Yeah Cas he is. Takes after his papa."
Dean gets the distinct feeling Adler is expecting a thank you, but instead Dean stands up from the uncomfortable chair.
Cas tosses the rag towards their hamper and lets out a long breath.
Mindful of the large gash in Cas' abdomen where they pulled his son from his husband's body.
"Yeah, like Cas said, wash up and leave Dog in your room. The poor thing needs a bath."
"I love you too Dean. It was odd being the coach this time but it was amazing watching you. You are so beautiful Love, so strong."
First off thank you for your lovely comments on chapter one! They always bring a big smile to my face!
Dean looks up and he looks totally wrecked.
"Dean...it would appear you weren't quite done adjusting to the bond. I don't want to alarm you but your body has gone through some changes."
Omega and the sweet undertones that Castiel's pregnancy produces. It's intoxicating and Dean wants to bathe in it until it's embedded into his skin. It's the scent of mate and family and home, all rolled up in one breath.
"You're welcome, sweetheart. Now give me a kiss and take this baby so I can go see our girl's pictures."
"No, it wasn't a very busy night. I'll just freshen up real quick and change in the bathroom. Thank you, Dean."
He thought about calling Bobby. When Dean's mom died and his father had checked out, it had been Bobby who stepped up to take care of Dean and Sam. He wasn't blood, but he was family all the same, and even though Bobby was John's friend, he didn't hesitate to rip Dean's old man a new one when he found out what was going on.
They were both fucked.
"Goodnight, Dean."
"My Omega, so good, my perfect Omega."
"I'm sorry, mama. Don't be mad please, I'm sorry."
(Also this chapter is NSFW 🔥)
"Well lucky you, Mr. Rogers is hypoallergenic." Cas actually looks smug at that, making Dean huff out a laugh and shake his head.
Suddenly there is a nurse in green scrubs standing next to them.
Today was a bad day, but tomorrow would be better. There was totally no reason to panic.
"Please Alpha, it hurts."
The rumble of Dean's Impala rips Cas from his thoughts, and he quickly checks himself over one more time in the mirror. The kids are already out with Anna for the evening at a local pizza place that has an attached arcade, leaving Cas to wait impatiently for Dean.
When the tears stop and Cas has nothing left in him Dean sits up.
"Yes, of course Alpha." Marvin starts sliding over papers. "Here is the form stating you are claiming responsibility for the two minors, this is your Intent To Mate form, and here is the actual mate form. That last one will need to be filled out after you've officially claimed Mr. Winchester, and you'll need to attach a doctor's confirmation of the mating scar. You'll have sixty days to turn it in at the office downtown. Until then, you can expect at least two unscheduled visits to check on the minors and to make sure your arrangements haven't changed. You do plan to mate within the next 60 days, correct?"
Dean watches his family and thinks about life changing phone calls and chance meetings, about growing up and thinking he'd never have this kind of ending. After all, since when do guys like him, broken bad-boys with daddy issues, get the happy ending?
He ducks down as his mind races through his options. The guy can't just let himself in, right? If he just sits here and pretends not to be home, then it could buy them enough time to pack their shit and go. A shadow falls across the window and Dean curses himself for not tacking a blanket up at least. He presses harder against the wall and does his best to will the guy away. The dude starts knocking on the window instead.
😃😃😃 How are we feeling? I promise everything gets resolved in the next chapter so don't come for my head lol.
for the hunter. But it would mean that while Dean got many more years with Cas, he would outlive all his friends and family. It was ultimately the thought of Cas spending eternity alone after he died that was the deciding factor in Dean saying yes.
"I could buy you something else. Uh food that is, I could buy you something to eat if you'd like."
"Look Cas, if you need a break, take one. But I think it's way too early to be talking suppressants."
Enjoy Chapter 5!
The sun is starting to sink, and it bathes the park in a soft golden light. There's only one other person sitting down at this part of the river, and Cas doesn't pay her much attention. He squats down, the ground covered in too much bird poop for him to get really comfortable, and opens the coffee can. Taking a large handful, Cas tosses it up into the air, letting the sound of it hitting the ground attract the attention of the birds. Within moments, he's surrounded by large Canadian geese, mallards, and pigeons.
you'd like help with. I can assure you, you're in good hands with me."
"A bear? A rabbit? Maybe a baby mouse?"
"You don't have to apologize for wanting to be safe, Cas. Besides, I'm more than happy to touch you, anyway you'd like." Dean emphasizes his words by running his hands firmly down Cas' sides to settle on his hips and closing the gap between them once again in a kiss.
Groaning, Cas tries to roll away. "But sleep Dean, we could sleep so hard right now. Doesn't that sound nicer?"
Line breaks are scene or time changes and there is one scene broken up by hearts that is simply a jump from Dean's pov to Cas'
"No, you don't get to do that, Lydia. You don't get to play the victim. You chose to take that money-"
He knows Cas hasn't really processed everything that's happened. He knows it will take time, a lot of time, for them to recover from this.
Dean slumps in his ,unable to meet Mrs. Butters’ eyes. "Yeah but why is it always you taking care of us? What have we ever done for you?"
The need that had been building inside him is cooled dramatically by the Alpha come inside of him, and it leaves Castiel a little lost in his thoughts. He'd always preferred to spend his heats alone, and normally that meant days of sweating, aching, need clawing through his veins with brief reprieves when he was able to come on an inflatable knot.
Marvin sits back with suspicion written clear on his sweaty face.
"Oh…" Emma trails off, and Dean can see by the curved set of her shoulders and the scowl on her face he's lost her again. He sighs but doesn't push, and they finish their breakfast in silence.
"Ok Love, breathe, that's it. You're doing so well."
"Oh god Cas, I forgot. So much happened. Yes we won. Complete custody and the restraining order. Which didn't really do much but it will count against him for his sentencing."
"Cas, babe, is everything ok?"
And that was true. Dean knew he was going to need all the help he could get, but he also remembers what it was like to be a kid and feel like he'd lost everything. No amount of good intentions had been able to curb his anger until he was good and ready. So, Dean puts in for FMLA at the office and gets to work on his house.
Dean nods and opens his mouth just in time for Cas to spill onto his waiting tongue. Pink lips wrap around just the tip to suckle on his cock as Cas works through his second orgasm of the evening. Dean licks and slurps and kisses him clean until he becomes too sensitive and even the lightest touch is overwhelming. With a sigh, he flops down next to Dean on the bed feeling wrung out as he floats on post climax endorphins.
wanted it to be a one night thing."
Cas looks down at his feet biting his lip hard. Dean crowds in close to cup his face.
The smile he receives is blinding, and Dean can feel it deep down inside every part of himself that this is right. That this is what he was meant for, to love this being, this angel, for all his remaining days.
Cas also starts sleeping, which may be Dean's favorite new development since the bond. He may not need as much sleep as the average human, but now instead of lying with Dean until the hunter fell asleep only to slip out to do whatever angels do at night, Cas spends at
He pushes the call button and soon a nurse is in the room. Checking Cas' vitals and talking to him about recovery time and what to expect going forward.
"I was scared Dean, my mom was a drug addict that cared more about her next fix than her daughters. She died of an overdose well before I ever met you, and my sisters...my sisters were lost to the system. I don't even know if they're still alive. I was
"Don't you think it's a little early in our relationship to be stealing clothes?"
He takes a deep breath.
2. Tags have been updated to reflect the remaining chapters.
He knows it comes off as accusatory, but a part of him doesn't care. He certainly hadn't felt like laughing while his Omega was missing.
Cas has given up correcting Sharon when it comes to his relationship with Dean, so he just waves her off with a smile. It was time to get dressed. After a quick shower where Cas spent almost as much time debating whether or not he should take a little more "me time" than actually washing, he carefully lays out his costume. First, he slathers on some natural deodorant that reeked of patchouli for an added layer of authenticity, then he wiggled into a snug pair of blue jeans with a slight flare at the bottom, light blue dress shirt with the top buttons left open and the sleeves rolled to his elbows which he carefully tucks into his pants before sliding on a black belt. He had debated with himself over the wig for the last week, but it really did make the look, so Cas slicks back his own dark hair and pins the wig in place. By the time the sound of Dean's car could be heard coming down the driveway, all Cas had left to do was grab his palette and brush and he was ready to go.
One big plus they had discovered during their extensive training was that Dean could now see a manifestation of Cas' wings without his eyes melting out of his head. And they were absolutely beautiful. A dark inky black with an iridescent shine to them that reflected the light as he moved. Dean was quite taken with them.
With the holidays coming up soon and his brother planning his annual party, which usually had more business associates in attendance than family, Castiel had stopped by to lend a hand to Hester, Michael's mate. As awkward as Castiel tended to be at most social functions, he was rather good at planning for them. He enjoyed the process, like a riddle that could be solved with good organization and precise planning.
"Cas, sweetheart? Are you with me baby?"
"Like I said Marvin, I have an Alpha."
"Make love to me?"
Just a reminder that this story is alternating POV so don't get confused 😅.
She scrambles up to his side, her puffy jacket so big and stiff she can barely snuggle into him. Dean drapes his arm over her shoulders to give a little squeeze. A moment later the boys are also on the bench, Teddy under Dean's other arm and Jamie under Teddy's. It was a somber snuggle pile as they all sat in silence waiting for word of Anna.
It had been nerve-wracking taking Emma to meet Bobby and Karen not knowing if she'd feel overwhelmed or if she'd act out or if his aunt and uncle would take one look at them and realize right away Dean wasn't cut out for this. But Emma had behaved surprisingly well.
Dean pretends to get choked up and fans at his eyes, his wrists the only part he can move under Cas' hold. "That's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me."
Ok y'all here is the Epilogue I promised!
"What, Papa?"
"Sweetie, I would love to see your beetles. Bring them to Grandma Butters, and let me have a look."
Sharon laughs at his good-natured grumbling but declines another round. Instead, she cradles her lemonade in one hand and leans back in her chair with a smile.
He just can't figure out what he was doing wrong.
As he moves through the house, he sees what looks like a mountain of laundry spilling from the laundry room, and when he finally reaches the family room he finds an explosion of blankets, empty cups, stuffed animals, and DVDs scattered on the floor. And right smack in the middle of it all are the three Novak children, barely visible under their blankets as they stare glassy eyed at cartoons playing on the tv.
It takes two days for Dean to work up the nerve to go pick up his pictures. Sam was due to arrive in just a couple of days, and Dean wasn't sure who was more excited, Emma or his brother. Even though they haven't met, Sam has talked to Emma on the phone several times, and the fact Sam was the one to provide her with Dog seems to have endeared the man to his niece, sight unseen.
Dean is holding in a laugh, his chest shaking where he's pressed against Castiel's back.
Happy Tuesday y'all!
"I'm glad too." Cas slips his arm around Dean's back, but with the way they're standing and the slight height advantage Dean has, Castiel's hand ends up resting closer to his hip. They stay like that, goofy smiles and blushing cheeks, until an arch of water shoots in their direction and one of Benny's girls goes shrieking away.
He's still working his hand furiously and it only takes Dean suckiling gently to bring Cas hurtling over the edge. His come is filling Dean's mouth and seeping out of the corners of his lips.
Charlie sighs.
Dean assumes Sam is trying to be quiet, but his whisper might as well be a shout in the quiet of the garage.
Dean's brow furrows. There it was again. Castiel claiming Dean left him.
Anna laughs softly and stands up to gather her purse and jacket.
"You're welcome, sweetheart."
Everything was abso-fucking-lutley not fine.
Cas was cheating on Dean? Cas who looked at Dean like he hung the moon and invented sliced bread. Who laughed at all of his brother's stupid jokes and encouraged him to apply for school, even though Dean didn't think he was good enough. Who put up with Dean's shit and also called him out when he needed it.
"Thank you but that won't be necessary, Dean. Jamie would love to stay out all night but Teddy scares easily and my Honey Bea turns into a bit of a monster past her bedtime, so we'll just be going around our block before turning in for the night. What about you? Any wild after school parties in your near future?"
It rings three times before It's picked up.
"Well if you aren't sleeping with him, you sure wish you were."
"Cas, can you get the back door?"
"Uh...yeah, yes, of course Benny. Happy to help. I'll uh...I'll call you later Dean."
Dean takes Cas' hand in his once again, steering his mate around the house. For the first time he doesn't feel foolish for having designed his home around the hope of one day having a mate and pups. Instead, he's able to proudly show off the open floor plan, the family room with its overstuffed couches, a recliner just right for rocking pups to sleep, and the big fenced-in backyard with a deck big enough to grill on and have family bbqs in the summer. Cas takes it all in with big eyes and a soft smile, his scent flooding the air around them with Omega contentment.
tied to you."
Charlie's eyes go big and soft, and she's looking at him like he's a giant teddy bear or a particularly sad fluffy puppy.
"Not until next month, so I've got a few weeks still."
Cas scoffs but looks over at the hutch containing his teacup collection. It had started with a souvenir from his brief summer in England after high school. Then, his mother found a few delicate antique cups at a yard sale and, before he knew it, Castiel was known for collecting cups, and he gets at least one at every gift-giving holiday. Would Dean find it weird that a grown man had a cupboard full of teacups? Oh well, Cas thinks, in for a penny, in for a pound and all that.
