“Instead, why don’t you just try and donate money to some good, reputable wildlife conservation funds,” Cas suggests drily. Which, he would. The guy works for a non-profit, of course he goes for the practical suggestion.
Jack returns from his stay at Jody’s with Claire in tow. The two have become thick as thieves in a way that Dean isn’t sure is an entirely positive force for the universe. That becomes directly apparent when, after Cas shares his drunken experience on the hunt, Claire’s eyes light up and she turns to Jack. They whisper together for a minute and then both turn to Cas in unison. Jack’s eyes aren’t the exact same shade as Cas and Claire’s but it’s close enough to give Dean horror flashbacks to
Standing in the threshold of a motel room in Rexford, Idaho, the feeling comes back to Dean. Stronger now, so much stronger it turns his stomach. Cas is standing at the foot of the bed, all bad posture and gazing into the cut on his palm like he could divine something from his blood.
Sam sighs (because Dean is right and without the prospect of playing matchmaker, the rest of the day seems bleak) and hunkers down to finish the grant he and Cas combed through.
A stretch of silence lingers. Dean swallows, tries to focus on getting them across the parking lot to their motel. Cas's eyes are still on him, muddled from all that whiskey but still a searing blue (Dean had half-thought that the pigment would fade out when Cas dropped to full human, with no grace behind it. But no, it turned out that really was just the color of his eyes.)
If Cas is surprised to hear from him this early, he doesn’t say so. Dean doesn’t want to talk, not right away, and so instead he asks and asks. Prompts Cas. Listens as Cas recounts a dream that Claire had and about the book they read that morning. Cas talks about the work he has to get done and the decrease in donations their foundation has gotten lately. Cas talks about the fourth episode of Tiger King that they had watched the other night, using some app that synced their Netflix screens so they could watch together, texting reactions throughout. Cas talks about the research-hole he had fallen down, about exotic animal legislation and then Oklahoma itself. He talks about his brother, Gabriel, offering to do grocery shopping for him and then he thanks Dean, again, profusely, for the emergency diaper-and-chalk delivery.
“Don’t you think?” Dean asked Sam as he unloaded burritos while Cas was showering, after the reaper, after they finally found him again but before Dean learned that he would have to turn him away once more. “It’s like...when the newspaper prints wrong and the words get blurry or something.”
Dean feels the bottom of his stomach open up, feels all the swell of emotion rising again. He’s not sure that he’ll be able to do it, to leave Cas, to drive away without him. His breath stutters.
Cas sits up enough that his weight is fully held on his knees, spread wide to straddle Dean, and he wrestles the Dean’s shirt up and over his head. And then they’re kissing again, deep and full, and Cas slowly bows his body down, settles himself into the pocket of Dean’s chest and Dean’s arms come up and around.
Mary Catherine gave us all the biggest eyes when she told us about the look on Dean’s face when he gave the name. “First time I saw him smile,” she said solemnly, like she was recounting prophecy about our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Dean didn’t know the East coast had fields like this. He didn’t know Jersey had...anything like this. He had only really been in the state that once, with the Turducken thing. Aside from the dense Pineys, he had thought it was all Jersey shore tans and choked off New York mimicry.
Dean rolls his eyes before scrubbing a hand down his face. “Obviously, Sammy. I meant the music. The theme song.”
“Get away from him!” Dean yells and he’s staggering forward. Sam let his guard down, so Dean is up in God’s face in a second.
Dean rolls his eyes and shoves off to collapse on the couch further in the living room. “Whatever. You still have three hours on the clock,” he taunts.
The movie Sam chose is Jurassic Park but it definitely doesn’t matter. He and Claire are playing a drinking game (drink every time a dinosaur is named, every time Dr. Sattler is sassy, every time you’re inexplicably attracted to Jeff Goldblum) but no one else is paying attention. Certainly not Dean, because about five minutes in, Cas canted a little to the side and leaned full into Dean’s arm. So, yeah, Dean kind of stopped paying attention to the movie, or the drinking game, or anything else happening in the room.
Jessica nods. “Happens all the time. More in cats, I think, but if she still has her appetite and it’s the physical act of eating that’s the problem? Usually teeth. But hey, she’s here and we’ll get her all checked out and whatever the problem is, we’ll find it, okay?”
Jack drops to the floor, burying his face into Dean’s shoulder and letting out his own grief. Through it all, Sam sits and holds his brother, puts his hand to the back of their kid’s head and tries to keep them all together.
Plus, they've been back on the Human Lessons kick. So far, Cas has only had beer and never more than two at a time.
Dean would counter that the drinks which got Cas drunk in the first place were supposed to be the celebration, but Sam is already ducking out of the kitchen and yelling that he’ll queue up some good movies.
“What are we doing here?” Jack asks, but his words are content, like whatever the answer is will be fine.
Sam passes him a look that clearly voices his answer. He was already in bed, in pajamas, with his laptop open. Dean can tell from the way he's scrolling, though, that he's on reddit, not trolling for a new case so at least he's relaxing. Cas, though, tilts his chin at the suggestion. He had tugged on jeans, a tee shirt and a flannel after his shower so Dean would bet he's in.
Dean inhales deep through his nose because he sometimes forgets to do that when he’s kissing Cas. Cas takes the time to bump their noses together and Dean takes a half-step back if only so he can catch his breath. Between them, though, he lets his last two fingers just bend around Cas’s first finger. Not quite hand-holding but somehow more intimate in its delicateness.
The next minute Lauren ushers them to the empty exam room and we all lean past the counter to watch them go. Lauren is looking over her shoulder, mouthing, “Oh my god?!” to us and Miracle seems ecstatic, bouncing between the two men and yipping gleefully. But we’re all more or less focused on Cas’s hand, coming up to rest easily on the small of Dean’s back. Dean sways into Cas’s space like it’s where he was meant to be and then the door closes behind them.
It’s definitely worth it when they’re eating dinner (stir fry and mashed potatoes and ravioli, because they’re going through left-overs and freezer food before hitting the store again) and every few minutes, Dean peers at his phone, grins, and taps out a response.
Sam watches as Dean realizes it in degrees. He straightens his shoulders back and wipes a hand down his face. He looks to Jack and, so tenderly, reaches out to clear away his tears too. And then, Sam watches as his brother smiles. “Hell yes, we’re gonna get him back.” Dean watches Jack until the kid tries for a smile and then he turns to Sam and he sees there’s a smile already there.
“Thanks,” he says, sighing. “For being so patient with him. He’s…” There’s a long look on his face then and Jessica doesn’t think he really sees her for a moment. “He lost someone. A little while ago. We all did, but he was Dean’s… Anyway. He’s still having a hard time with it.”
There’s a cruel twist to Chuck’s grin as he looks up from the husk of Castiel to Dean. “I created so many worlds,” he says, his tone one of wonder, “so many universes. And in all of them -- every one of them, Dean -- he loved you.”
“Rowing,” he says, signing with his full range of motion, shoulders moving against the grass. “Stanford had a team. They practice crazy early in the morning.” Eileen’s camera is on his chest, Eileen herself sitting cross-legged next to him. Her face is tipped up to the pre-dawn breeze, hair shifting. Jack is sitting next to her, positioned exactly the same as her.
When Cas stands upright, he looks marginally better than before. Eyes a little clearer and mouth not so slack. He only leans against Dean some as they head for their motel room. “You’re a champ, man,” Dean tells him with only half-affected pride, shouldering the door open.
“I’m glad it can be an escape for you,” Cas says. His voice is low and close and warm and Dean faintly aches to be near him, next to him.
Cas shakes his head and closes his eyes. “No, I mean - Dean.” Suddenly he looks up. “You’ve broken many bones, haven’t you?”
And Cas is looking at him all sincere and sweet and Dean can’t think of much beyond the press of Cas’s body against his as he helped him across the parking lot, the press of Cas’s body against his as they shared the motel bed, the press of Cas’s body against his as they sat together in the diner the next morning.
“Some part of you must have,” Chuck is saying but he’s mostly white noise to Dean. Everything else is white noise, except Cas. “He wasn’t exactly subtle about it, was he?”
It isn’t until Sam finds him, on his knees, and is asking what happened that Dean realizes he’s sobbing. He clutches hard at his brother’s shoulders and buries his face and cries in a way he hadn’t been able to in those lost moments, or when Jack waved and set off, or when Jody and Claire visited with condolences. Sam runs a hand through his hair and sighs like he’s been waiting for this. He lets Dean rock into the cradle of his arms and gasp out, “Fuck,” and “Goddamnit” and “It’s Cas, it’s him.”
“All right, well, I’ll do that too. But I still wanna beat up Joe Exotic. And that other guy. The cult guy, in South Carolina.”
“Yeah, no shit,” Dean exhales because he’s realized, with the impact of a semi-truck, just how stupid they’ve been. Mostly him, but Cas isn’t getting completely off the hook either.
The trip itself was Dean’s idea. The balance restored, no God or Darkness, all doors to Earth and humans closed off meant their jobs were finished, in a way they never had been before. He won’t admit it, but it’s a way to find where he wants to settle. The bunker was great for the purpose it served but they don’t need a batcave anymore. They need a home.
They’re just outside the door to Dean’s bedroom when he whirls Cas around, gets his back pinned against the wall and stands so their chests are pressed together, their noses brushing.
“No. I mean. Isn’t it better, always, when there’s a clean break? When the bone is fully separated? Completely and utterly in two?”
Then Claire shouts, “We’ll make the popcorn!” and suddenly it’s just Cas and Dean sitting at the table.
“This feels weird, man,” Dean comments and, for the fifth time, paces from the kitchen back to the living room. There, Sam is sitting, engrossed in his phone, and Jo is helping herself to their beer and thumbing through their Netflix.
Dean cocks his head a little at that, isn’t quite sure what he’s saying. “If you’re gonna be a pansy about it I can just take the floor.”
“Great. Now get the fuck out of here.” Jo launches a pillow at him for good measure. He catches it, tosses it back and then makes for the door before she can retaliate.
“If she’s getting anything from Bob Ross, I’m sure she’ll make a masterpiece,” Dean says and Sam can practically see the hearts in his eyes. He scrubs at his face then and stifles a yawn and makes some excuse about showering, about letting Sam and Cas get back to work.
“Because it is.” Cas voice shakes and shatters and he leans into Dean’s touch. He presses one hand, palm bloody, to Dean’s shoulder and cups it there. “I love you,” he says, and it’s sure and strong. They’re called love confessions but this feels more like an absolution, like a benediction.
Cas smiles back and for a moment it’s just that, them smiling at one another. “No, I’m sorry. She did ask about whether you might be a pirate, though.”
Dean exchanges “hello”s and smiles with Jody and then crouches a little, facing Claire. The little girl peers up at Dean with faint recognition and that universal toddler uncertainty.
So they split up and comb through separate lists, and it’s not long before they collect back together, in the middle. Dean sorts his spoils from his basket into the cart and Sam makes a noise when he realizes that one of the items Dean has is a package of diapers.
People in town know him as a widower with some kind of tragic past and that’s fine - it keeps people from asking too many questions. But they know him: Pam at the library and Stella at the county municipal building and Rob at the diner and Frank at the hardware store. They know him, they know the friendly giant that is his brother and Eileen and little Joanna (who happily tells anyone who will listen that she’s going to be a big sister soon) and their dog, Sender. They quickly get accustomed to the mutt who becomes his shadow (Dean names the thing Bunker as a joke but then it kind of sticks and Sam still laughs at the fact that he has a dog called Bunk).
“Yeah?” Dean asks and his chest is fizzing with the implication and he’s blushing from nose to ears and back again.
“Looks like Bob Ross worked, huh?” And Sam’s loud, obnoxious, big, big brother has his voice pitched soft, so as not to disturb the drowsy little girl.
One of his hands moves to cradle the back of Cas’s head, fingers in that fucking hair of his and when Cas breaks the kiss, Dean holds him there, keeps him close. Their noses bump, foreheads brush, and Dean doesn’t know if he’s crying or if it’s just Cas’s tears on his face. “Don’t do this, Cas,” he says and it’s begging.
“Cas Carter,” Dean replies. “He’s my husband.” And then he rattles off a cell phone number and the same Lebanon address as his own and Mary, admirable, gets it all entered on the first try.
Dean doesn’t rise to the bait, instead slings a smile across the couch. “Yeah, I guess it does. Worse people to be stuck with then my pain-in-the-ass little brother.”
“I’m not above bribery,” Dean quips. His smile is soft, matching Cas’s. It takes him a minute to realize that they’re just doing that -- just standing there, smiling at each other and, okay, maybe a portion of that Facetime call that Sam mentioned earlier was spent similarly. Just Dean looking into the screen of his phone and Cas looking back and, like then, this doesn’t feel weird or awkward or off-balance. There’s a certain tension to it, but it’s a tension loaded with promise and interest and something hopeful, eager, slips through Dean's chest. Maybe, too, it wouldn't take a false-start for them to get to being themselves. Maybe it would just be as easy as this.
“I hear ya, buddy,” Dean says, concealing his laugh not quite as well as he might hope. They're probably four or five rounds in and if they hadn't been pacing themselves, if there hadn't been the orders of fries in between, he's not sure that either of them would be conscious. As it is, they're just...very drunk. Which, Dean has been very drunk before. He's been more than very drunk, he can handle himself. Which means that Cas can just let loose and experience the new sensation. Dean's enjoying watching that.
Mostly, though, the hunts are thinning out. There are less and less news reports that catch on their feelers and more than enough other hunters to clear out the cobwebs.
The bed falls out from under him and Dean is landing on hands and knees and there’s just bluegrass and ash under his fingers. “No, no, no,” he’s chanting. He can feel his stomach turning and he can’t breathe.
Before he can get to it, Castiel puts the Bible aside and lays his hand to Dean’s shoulder. It takes a few seconds. Dean can feel, sixth sense, the lingering shadow of Cas’s hand above him, the pause, and then the determination, the press of his uninjured palm cupping the joint.
Cas cocks his head and then frowns down at the camera in his hand. “I do not think Ansel Adams used a Polaroid instant camera.”
Cas turns and gives him a smile and Dean returns it, as easy as breathing. The angel is still learning
“We should make it a whole night,” the traitor formerly known as Dean’s brother says at the doorway. “You know, movie, popcorn, drinks. Celebrating the successful hunt.”
They meet in the middle, Dean holding Cas at his waist and the collar of his trench coat and kissing him like he needs it to breath. He can feel the shudder-shock of Cas’s breath in the kiss, shaky inhale to clipped exhale. There are tears on Cas’s cheeks pressing into his own and Dean, stupidly, thinks, I’ve never seen him cry. He’s seen Cas’s blue eyes go glassy and red, but he doesn’t think he’s ever seen them spill over.
“It’s very strange,” Cas says intensely, as if working out the intricacies of an ancient spell. “Because pickle juice is not enjoyable on its own.”
The thing that Chuck doesn’t understand, that the Empty can’t understand, is everything the Winchesters have ever done, has been family. And it’s been for love. So taking these cosmic entities out with
“It’s the Empty,” Sam rushes to explain. “We know how it works. We know what it wants. We know exactly where Cas is and how to get there.”
The sigh that Castiel releases is less like pleasure and more like relief. Dean feels cracked open at it, like he’s the one being breached, like he was the one that douchewheel angel had monologued at.
“Well, it’s just me and Claire,” Castiel is saying as Sam finally pulls his attention from the frankly terrifying dog that Meg is making kissy-faces at. They all more or less abandoned the pretense of getting into real clothes for these Zoom meetings days ago, but Castiel’s bedhead is truly a sight -- Sam thought it was bad in the office, but Castiel’s home look is something else.
The dog barks and tugs on her leash, eager to get to a friend. Lauren ends up on her knees in front of the dog, petting her and receiving lots of kisses for her trouble. “Hi, baby! Hi, sweet baby! It’s so good to see you!” And when Lauren looks up to greet Dean she finds...not Dean. Her almost-comical shocked reaction is still plastered on her face when the door opens again and Dean finally does appear.
Between one blink and the next, Cas is dead on the ground, his tarnished wings spreading ash across tallgrass and dandelions.
Before he can stop himself, Dean is saying, “You do. I mean, this does.” It’s one of the sappier things he’s said but he can’t find any space to regret it. Especially not since it’s true.
Claire lets out an excited howl and then raises what appears to be a pinecone, hanging from a string. It’s covered in bird-seed. “Bird feeders!” Claire declares happily.
They rock together, an ebb and flow, and Dean fits his forehead to Cas’s. His eyes are open. “I…” Dean works his throat, struggles against the rising crest of pleasure. “I don’t want you to be in pain. I don’t want you suffering.” He’s thinking of that angel, the certainty in his voice when he told Cas he would take the pain away.
“Yes,” Cas says, eyebrows up. “Arts and crafts and the bubble machine can only hold her attention for so long, I’m afraid.”
Picture quality isn’t great over these video calls but Sam is pretty sure a delicate blush falls over Cas’s cheeks.
Lauren agrees, “Like, when he first came in? I thought that he was kinda clinging to her? And now it seems like maybe Miracle picked up on that? And is sticking close for his sake?”
Jessica smiles and nods, confident again. “Absolutely. I’ve seen this more than a few times. Dr. Meyer’ll do an x-ray to confirm, a quick surgery to yank the yucky tooth, and Miracle will be back to her old self.
Dean blinks, a little like coming awake, and then shoots his brother a look. “What?” he asks, defensive already. “Why are you looking at me like that?”
It’s nice. They’re not exactly flirting, but there’s this understanding of attraction woven beneath their conversations. An unspoken
Dean, not just at him. Cas pulls him in and the kiss is messy and sloppy and if his need was expressed in rambling, trailing promises then Cas’s is in this kiss. In the way his teeth skim along Dean’s bottom lip, and the way his head cants to the side, and the way his fingers twist into Dean’s hair.
Sam’s heart grows nine sizes as he watches Castiel’s face soften into a smile and then Claire is in his lap. Her blonde curls are gone wild, not unlike Castiel’s wreck of hair. She squints suspiciously at the computer a minute before turning her face into Cas’s chest and going slack. “Hey, man, if you gotta put her down or whatever, I can finish up. We’re basically done here.”
“Well, regardless,” Jessica cuts in, not looking up from her data entry. “I think Matthew would have a better chance with him than you.”
They’re in Pennsylvania when they camp out, right in the middle of the state. Jack is enraptured by the whole of the experience -- likely because it includes fishing. He chatters happily, explaining to Cas that Dean took him fishing once. Cas smiles and says that he had been fishing with Dean a few times as well. When Dean passes him a questioning look, Cas explains ruefully, “Well. You were dreaming at the time.”
Then his pillow shifts and laughs a little and something in Castiel goes alert. His hand curves along what is, of course, an arm and the rest of reality settles in. Right next to the headache. Pickle juice. He was spectacularly drunk last night and he, among other things, told Dean he liked his face. At least it wasn't a lie.
And yeah, Sammy and Eileen and Jack will all always be welcome in that home, of course. But Jack has been talking about striking out on his own a little. And he and Sam have lived in each other’s pockets for going on 15 years now so maybe it’s time for some distance. Not too much, but well. Sam and Eileen are really making a go of it.
It’s in a room of mostly mid-tone wood and there’s sunlight coming in from a window, casting lines across the bed.
But it doesn’t come, Death. Chuck puts his fingers to Dean’s forehead and it hits him like lightning. Knowledge… It takes him a minute to realize what exactly he’s seeing: those other universes. All the ways Cas has loved him.
But it would have been selfish, it would have been too much to ask. So Dean mumbled something about having to do it himself and stepped back, stepped up to Sammy, made himself not look back at the angel. (That much was true, at least, what he asked of Cas, to be there for Sam. His brother would’ve needed someone and it meant that Cas wouldn’t do anything stupid either.)
Dean laughs, appreciates the effort. Pitch Perfect is his go-to, feel-good pick-me-up movie, though he doesn’t often admit it outloud. “No, that’s okay.”
Cas nods and Dean figures that means that he has to use the bathroom so he trails out to let him. He means to change in the brief privacy, tug out of his jacket and shirts and jeans and pull on one of the softer, worn tees. He gets as far as shuffling out of the jacket and over-shirt when the thought that Cas probably doesn’t have any pajamas with him catches at his mind. Should he pull out an extra pair for him?
And when Dean Carter first came in, we all assumed he was in the latter category. He was also certified movie star handsome so we all straightened a little at our tasks and watched out of the corner of our eye as Mary Catherine welcomed him with her sunny, corn-fed sincerity and asked how they could help him.
And then, one Saturday morning a call comes through from CARTER, DEAN. Jessica, who usually hates doing phones work, picked up so fast it barely got to the second ring.
“Sam,” Cas says after a moment, sounding calm but insistent. He flops a little on the bed, toward Sam's bed.
“I got a flashlight. We won’t go far.” Dean smiles and he can feel the curve of it against Cas’s top lip. “It’s a full moon. I hear the stars are really bright out here.”
Lauren had also been able to tell him the good news as soon as he arrived: They were as sure as they could be that Miracle had already been spayed. Dean’s whole had deflated with relief, even as she explained there was a chance they were wrong and so he should be on the lookout for a heat cycle and shouldn’t let her wander around outside.
There’s talk of heading for New Orleans but something catches in Dean’s throat at the thought. (Something that has a Cajun accent and fangs and smells like seawater.) He claims that he doesn’t want to run in with any lingering ghosts and they turn their nose more properly east. Cas takes his hand without saying anything and Dean is grateful for the solid press of Cas’s palm against his own.
Ash falling in their hair at a graveyard and the whole of their ragtag crew around them, Cas offered to go with him. Cas tipped his head back from the embrace enough to catch Dean’s gaze and offered to do what he always offered to do: walk beside Dean into almost certain death.
Eileen finds a Polaroid instant-print camera at one of the second-hand shops they roll through -- oldschool, with the flash that flips up. A specialty store a few towns over has some of the film and the first picture she takes is of Sam, eyes dazed from the flash but still smiling a little because, well, he’s usually smiling when he’s looking at Eileen.
, man. Their lips end up parting and their hips are matched and Dean can taste the beer on Cas’s tongue. Dean’s hand gets into Cas’s hair and Cas’s hand gets under Dean’s tee shirt.
, something in Dean gutters out, and the memory of an even softer, glow-light Castiel sing-songing that he was “always happy to bleed for the Winchesters” hits him at center mass.
And he and Cas… Yeah, he guesses that’s what he and Cas are doing, too. Making a go of it, with this thing that has been growing steadily for years, has only just come to blossom.
They lay out in a far-flung span of green near a lake in Princeton, New Jersey. It’s so early it’s still dark, maybe four or five in the morning. There’s a few voices, nearby but echoing, shouting and he tenses at first until Sam explains that it’s the crew team.
“Hey, thanks,” Dean intones quietly, only just captured by Sam’s mic. His hand is gentle at Sam’s shoulder and Sam expects his brother to slip away -- shower and fall into bed like he usually does after the overnights. But he stays a minute, crouched down to peer into the screen.
Claire immediately lights up and reaches for the gift, shaking it gleefully. “Bubbles!” she shouts, giggling. “Thank you!” And then she’s dancing around Jody’s feet, asking if they can play with the bubbles before bedtime, please, please, Aunt Jody, please.
“Dean…” Cas speaks softly, so softly that Dean wonders if it isn’t a prayer and when he opens his eyes, Cas is looking at him.
Sitting up to drink the water in a series of gulping swallows, Cas takes stock of their room. Sam’s bed is empty, covers haphazardly tugged up, and his laptop is closed on the table. Dean's phone is laying near his hip on the bed so Cas assumes he’s been up for some time, entertaining himself...while Cas sleep alongside him. Judging by the absolutely infernal light coming in from the window, it’s the middle of the morning. Not late by their standards, especially since all they have to do today is head home.
“Dean,” he says softly, once they’re all sitting together with steaming mugs. “You gotta tell us what happened.” And he knows, he understands. He remembers just yesterday -
Dean has an angry retort half-way out of his mouth before he thinks better of it. He breathes deep, twice, and then scrubs at his face. “Sorry,” he mutters. “Overheard one of those...fucking press conferences and I just…” He can’t put into words the anger that’s been roiling at the pit of his stomach. The fear that slops under it, like a living thing, and the need to
“Right,” Cas says, clearing his throat. He kisses a distracted Claire on the top of the head, reminds her to be good for her Aunt Jody and then looks back to Dean.
Cas makes a noise that, were Dean less charitable, he would call a whine. It’s more adorable than it has any right to be. There’s the huff of a sigh and then, “I suppose you’re right.”
Cas cants closer but it’s only to bump their foreheads together. “Tomorrow morning,” he trails. “After we kiss again?”
“Hey, if you guys are gonna end up having Skype sex, just let me know in advance so I can order some noise-canceling headphones.”
“Yeah, it’s basically a rite of passage,” Claire says. And, no it isn't, but now Dean has their creepy-stares and Cas’s guileless, pleading smile on him. If only Sam would back him up on what a bad idea this is, but Sam is just moving to put his mug in the sink.
. As a human, Cas has found that he liked having facial hair. His hand trails up from his jaw to the bridge of his nose, the cartilage there.
When he trails out of the shower, Dean still feels unsettled in his own skin. He pulls on boxers and a tshirt without looking at Cas and then, when he does, he finds that Cas has dug through and claimed a tshirt of Dean’s for pajamas. He has the Bible from the side table drawer out, and is sitting on the edge of the bed, paging through it absently.
There’s a long pause at that, the only sound in the apartment the electronic clicking of Jo swiping from one show to the next on Netflix.
Without missing a beat, she ushered him over to a pair of chairs across the lobby. They sat, and she fawned over the long-haired mutt of a thing that Dean brought in with him. Eventually, she pieced together that he had found the dog seemingly abandoned and wanted to make sure that no one was looking for him, “missing him,” he had said. He explained that he was so friendly and well-behaved, he assumed that he already belonged to someone.
They say their goodbyes and hang up and when Dean flicks his light off, he finds himself drowsy and relaxed. Before passing out, he opens his text conversation with Cas and taps out a quick “Hey man, thanks.”
There’s a beat of uncertainty but through it, Dean steps forward. He walks towards Cas. This is an angel of the Lord who followed him from Hell, who came when he called and betrayed his trust and earned it back. An angel who gave up an army, a Host, his Grace, the favor of his brothers and sisters, all for Dean. So Dean steps forward and hesitantly puts a hand to Cas’s waist. “Why does this sound like a goodbye?” he asks.
Dean looks up, blinks thoughtfully, and then answers, “No. It’s Cas, actually.” He kicks out one leg and it catches Sam’s legs, sprawled between them on the couch. “Turns out I can figure out how to flirt on my own.”
“I can’t believe I didn’t think of it before,” Chuck says, as if he’s just solved an insect infestation. “It was always Castiel, wasn’t it? What did Naomi call him -- the famous spanner in the works?” Chuck laughs, almost fondly. Crouching, he leans close to Cas’s face.
As Mary put in his information, we all read over her shoulder, eager for the gossip of someone new and handsome. Dean Carter was 41, which was older than any of us would have assumed, and gave an address just outside of Lebanon (“I didn’t know people still lived out that way,” Jessica had commented with a wrinkled nose.). The dog, which turned out to be a female actually, was named Miracle.
Dean manages not to completely freeze up, but it’s near thing. “Hi,” he says, very dumbly. His eyes are set on the man in front of him. It’s a face he’s become more than familiar with, across Facetime calls, peeking in the corner of pictures of Claire, from the rare, self-conscious selfie that he’s sent as well. But to see him in person, barely two feet away… The only thing Dean can think, brilliantly, is that he
He goes out in the morning and drinks tea in the Adirondack chair he built and puts his bare feet up against the railing of his front porch and watches the sunrise. Later, Sam and Eileen and Jo and Sender are coming over -- he has to remember to get marshmallows because he promised his niece he would show her how to roast them. At his side, Bunker lets out a contented sigh, long muzzle pillowed on his paws.
Cas’s eyes are on his and the pupils are blown in the dark. There’s a flush high over his cheeks and along the bridge of his nose and all Dean can think about is how adorable he’s going to look tomorrow morning, hungover to Hell with his hair in a million directions and the collar of his tee shirt all soft and rumpled.
His days are quiet and easy and he’s been thinking more and more about how that one bartender smiles at him sometimes. His mom has bees too, apparently, so he actually contributes when Dean gets chatty about his own hive. His eyes are pale hazel, shifting between grey and brown depending on the light, and sometimes Dean thinks that maybe you could even call them honey-colored.
Dean hears the click and wind of Eileen’s camera, but he ignores it. Maybe is happy to hear it. He’d like a relic of this moment.
) and Dean reaches out to stop Cas. The angel stalls up and looks at him and even that, just Cas’s eyes on his with his head canting to the side is something Dean didn’t think he would get to have again.
Cas tells him that it is a goodbye and Dean shakes his head, hard. “No,” he counters, “No. This isn’t happening.” And he puts himself in Cas’s space, curves his hand around the back of his neck. He holds him there and meets his eyes, like he had with Jack, just a few months ago. “You’re family, Cas. We don’t give up on family, even if looks like there’s nothing left.”
“That may be true," Dean reasons, "but it’s not something you should look to emulate, buddy. C’mon. You’ll learn the rapturous joy of a bed when you’re smashed, okay.” He stands up and helps Cas do the same, waving a hand over his shoulder to the bartender. He had settled up when he ordered the last pair of picklebacks for them, maybe ten minutes ago.
Rowena is talking about frontline workers, lines that have become standard if no less heartfelt over the past month and a half, but Sam watches as Dean’s attention drifts. He sees two pairs of big blue eyes riveted on Dean, it seems, and then sees Dean cross his eyes and blow out his cheeks. Rowena’s words are cut off by a screeching laugh from Claire, her hands clapping excitedly. Sam can’t help but smile and shake his head. But he doesn’t miss the grin that passes over Castiel’s face.
“Is it too tight or something? Can you move all your fingers?” He looks down to find Cas doing just that, pulling his fingers into his palm, making a loose fist, unfolding them again.
“I can assure you, Dean, that I will want to kiss you in the morning.” Dean tilts his chin up, just enough so he can see Cas’s eyes. He’s smiling; they both are. “I want to kiss you tonight. I… I always want to kiss you. I have for a long time.”
The next morning, Dean makes hangover-breakfast sandwiches and coffee for all and pretends not to notice when Claire and Jack high-five across the table. Cas stands behind him at the stove the whole time, pressed into his back and muttering about the evils of whiskey.
Cas doesn’t say anything for some distance but his hand is a solid weight. The hem of Dean’s tee shirt starts to ride up a little which means that Cas’s fingers are rough and right up against the bare skin of Dean’s hip. The motion of his walking means that Cas’s pinkie ends up dipping into the waistband of his jeans and that’s a lot for Dean’s whiskey-and-beer soaked nerves.
Their conversation meanders from there. Dean asks about Claire and hears about their escapades making mug cakes in the microwave. Cas asks about Sam and Dean tells him that some ex-girlfriend from Sam’s college days had reached out to “see how he was doing” and they’ve been texting non-stop since. (When he teased Sam about it, his brother had rolled his eyes and pointedly asked how Cas was doing which effectively shut Dean up.)
At first, Dean is pretty sure it’s just the novelty of talking to someone new. This strange new world they’ve all found themselves in mostly means monotony. His job, once his pride and joy, has become tight and choked over with stress, with the added weight of the whole damn country calling them heroes and the people he treats look less like people and more like patients every day.
Dean whines, drags out the syllables on a “No” so that the full scope of his petulance is heard. When he blinks open his eyes, intent on giving Cas an unimpressed glare, he finds Cas smiling down at him, extending a hand.
“Okay,” Dean says after a sigh. “Okay, we’re a little bit dating.” Sam and Jo laugh and high-five each other without looking. Dean glares again. “Why are you even here, Joanna Beth?”
Cas reaches out with just one finger, stroking carefully along the fan of Dean’s eyelashes. “The eyes are incredibly intricate organs. And yours are so unique.” Cas straightens up a little at that, and Dean can feel the blush on his cheeks spreading to his ears. “Did you know that only two percent of the world’s population has green eyes?”
Picture quality isn’t great over these video calls but he’s pretty sure a delicate blush falls over Cas’s cheeks. Before Sam has time to congratulate himself, Dean is appearing in the frame. He’s been knocking around between the kitchen and his bedroom while Sam and Cas worked, doing a good job of staying out of the way. There's a small band-aid above his right eyebrow -- apparently his PPE finally broke the skin after all. But the smile he has for Cas is uninhibited, eyes crinkling up.
The bee -- it’s one of the fuzzy kinds which he’s pretty sure means it doesn’t sting but still, there’s an instinctual kind of fear there -- just kind of dizzily floats near him for another moment before drifting off. Dean glares after it and Sam watches him do it and then they’re back to talking about how they’re gonna track the thing.
He can remember a roadside fast-food shack. A last ditch prayer with desolation crowding in on his chest. He can remember, forever, the silence in answer.
Cas gives him a look like his heart is breaking. “Don’t thank me. I - The one thing you asked of me, Dean, and I failed. I lost Sam, within minutes of losing you.”
“Bring the wee one up then!” Rowena insists, clapping her hands. Her teenage son has long-since rolled his eyes and abandoned the frame.
Sam waits and, once it’s clear his brother isn’t going to go any further, adds, “Yeah. Cas is a good guy too.”
He trades positions with God. Chuck rises to his feet as Dean drops to knees. He reaches out, strokes at the sweaty fringe that falls over Cas’s forehead.
“Can she talk yet?” Donna asks, looking like she wants to reach through the screen and steal the baby away.
“C’mon, Sam,” he says. He shrugs one arm up, wiping at the raw-red of his eyes. He worries his bottom lip with his tongue and then, more to himself than anyone else, murmurs, “We got work to do.”
When the episode ends, Dean is drowsy and halfway to falling asleep. Cas’s voice is hushed to not wake Claire and it only lulls Dean closer to sleep.
Dean has his eyes just tilting to Cas, so he doesn’t miss the smile when it comes. Watching Cas smile is still something close to religious ecstasy, Dean thinks. He can still remember, memory caught in amber, sitting on a park bench in October and thinking it odd that an angel smiled, that he made an angel smile.
Instead of responding to that (because, really, what is he supposed to respond to that) Dean says, “Come home with me, please.”
“How’s your stomach feel?” Dean asks as Cas finishes the water. They’re both sitting against the headboard, legs hovering close.
Dean smiles across and holds his hand out in the space between them. Cas doesn’t hesitate, he slides his hand into Dean’s and it’s a shudder-start, to be touching someone after so long of uncertainty and fear and boundaries. It’s an electric pulse to be touching Cas after so long of wanting it.
Jessica, for all that she doesn’t love grunt work, is a pro and interrupts seamlessly. “The good news is, I think your brother is probably right, Dean.” She tucks a hand under Miracle’s ear, scritching fondly and then, brings her hand lower to probe near her jaw. The dog whines and jerks back.
Castiel has his head down, smiling at his daughter and most of the others on the call are laughing because Dean is charming, even if Sam hates to admit it.
Castiel’s smile hitches up several watts and Sam can see that Dean is basking in it. “Sidewalk chalk…” Cas says with a little nod. “There’s some buried in some closet. I’ll be sure to try that with Claire tomorrow.”
And Dean… Dean thinks about that voice on the other end of the phone, the way his heart Pavlov’d into an uplift when his text tone chimed, the quiet intention in Cas’s voice when he said
Monday morning, she breaks the news to the rest of us with the empathy of someone who has already married the love of her life. “He’s in mourning. His brother said he lost someone and it was pretty clear that it was someone he’s in love with. Obviously he’s not handling it well.”
“What d’you mean, get them right?” Dean is thinking about sketchbooks, about Cas curled up in the library with a pencil in his hand, drawing him.
“Not at all,” Castiel replies and he’s still smiling but he has his face tilted down and yes, Sam is an
“I’m amenable,” Cas says and he’s smiling that huge smile, the one that Dean has only really started seeing in the last year or so, since he went full mortal.
And it’s nice. Dean won’t admit it because he has a reputation to maintain, but, God, is it nice to be able to do this again. To see the people he cares about, up close and in person. And it’s very, very nice that he gets to leave his apartment and drive to Cas’s house and take the guy out on a date.
“We didn’t,” Cas offers and Dean shoves him away because it’s been eight years and he knows when Cas is being an asshole. The confirmation come in a bright laugh from Cas and Dean marks another tally of things he thought he would never get to have again.
, so when he slides his first two fingers into Dean’s front pocket, Dean doesn’t say anything. Maybe that would be their version of holding hands or something.
The water in their kitchen sink runs (handwashing before “hello”s in this new normal) and a minute later Dean comes into frame, all dark blue uniform and quizzical look on his face. His hair is mussed -- too long, and sent every which way from the straps of his PPE. That isn’t the only mark of the gear. Like always, Sam has to swallow back a cringe at the red, irritated skin along Dean’s forehead, nose and cheeks. The line along his forehead looks angrier than usual and Sam thinks it might have broken the skin finally.
and huffed out something that was not, by the strictest definition, a laugh. “Maybe it’s just the beard,” he joked and Dean laughed and then Cas was back with wet hair, looking soft and rumpled and Dean had to look away.
“I’d like to lick his face like that,” Lauren says. The rest of us exchange looks that subtly agree she’s cut off for the night.
"Yeah, that happens sometimes," Sam says. He pats Cas on the shoulder once and then slips under the covers of his own bed.
Before Sam can say anything, the tinny sound of Castiel laughing over their connections cuts through. “It is, yes. He enthralls Claire, luckily.”
“What are you, the fun police?” Claire cuts in. Once more, Jack giggles and Dean adds more bullet points under the “Negative” column of this sudden partnership.
“I don’t want you thinkin’ that way. I don’t want you hitching all your hope to my wagon, you know.”
Dean blinks a minute and raises a hand to the back of his head, feeling off-balance. “I - Yes? Your hand isn’t broken, buddy, I -”
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, and it’s so sincere you’d think Dean just swore fealty to the guy instead of just agreed to make a hangover breakfast.
Cas nods and Dean ignores the smirks and overly-cheerful “Good night!”s howled from Claire, Jack, and Sam. They trail out of the Dean Cave and into the network of halls and it’s deja vu all over again, the other night when he and Cas were leaning against each other to get across the parking lot.
Cas kisses back and Dean doesn’t think of Meg, or Daphne, or April, or that Gas ‘n Sip manager from Idaho. He just thinks
When the Empty reaches out, when it takes Cas, Dean isn’t ready. He screams and dives for the eddying mass of nothing but you can’t put your hands on something that isn’t. The wall closes back to its industrial brick and Dean is alone, pounding until his knuckles split.
Sitting in the car, Dean taps out a response to Cas, thanking him for sending the picture and asking him to thank Claire for thinking of him. Before he can even put his phone away and start the car, a response from Cas comes through.
The trees are still in full green but the weather is turning its thoughts toward fall. “We’re gonna need a blanket at the next stop,” Dean mumbles into Cas’s neck.
“She won’t eat anything,” Dean tells her and Jessica is a little taken aback to notice he’s near tears. “I’ve tried all different kinds of dog food and even given her, like, hamburger which she usually begs like crazy for.”
“Hey,” he lilts and thank god he’s working on two hours of sleep in as many days because  it makes his voice rough and firm instead of the uncertain waver he expected. “Lemme take a look at that.” He walks forward, hands out, but stops when Cas tucks the hand into his chest, like an animal protecting itself.
There’s a park and there are children running happily. There’s sun, so much sun, and there’s Jack and Sam laughing as they chase some toddler and there’s Cas looking at Dean, who’s watching the mismatched game of tag. And there’s Dean, looking back and finding Cas’s eyes and smiling. Dean reaches back and his hand is open and waiting, for Cas. All for Cas.
Cas is certainly blushing and so is Dean and when they meet eyes they both laugh, sheepish, at themselves, and then they step outside.
The other man, the new man, passes a look to Dean that could only be described as fond tolerance. Dean meets it with a broad grin and then he leans in and, before God and country, kisses him on the mouth. At least three hearts break in our office in that moment.
Dean sighs out something shuddery and bows his head. He's faintly aware of Cas’s lips brushing along the line where his forehead meets his hair. “Okay.” Dean says, eyes on the worn collar of the tee shirt that Cas is wearing. “Here’s what’s going to happen. We’re going to go into my room and we’re going to drink some water and take some advil and drink some more water. And then we’re going to go to sleep.” He feels the rustle of Cas’s nod but just plows ahead, “And then, in the morning, if… If it’s something that you’d want.. If it’s something that you’re interested in, once you’re sober, then I’m going to kiss you, okay?”
He doesn’t think about the bee until after they bunk up somewhere in Wyoming on the way back to the bunker. It’s an idle thought that enters his mind as he’s trying to sleep, wondering about the hibernation thing again. With sudden clarity so sharp it hurts, he thinks that Cas would have known. Cas would have known whether bees hibernate, what kind of bee that one was, why it might’ve been freezing its stinger off in Montana in January.
“Lemme guess,” Jessica says with a soft smile, “He found Miracle right around the time he lost that someone?”
They’re kissing and it’s different -- or maybe it isn’t, maybe it’s just different in the way that every time before was different as well. Cas’s hips track down along his and Dean exhales smooth and slow through his nose. His hands trace the cotton of Cas’s shirt before reaching for the hem, passing it over his shoulders and head.
“Nah. I think I’m just gonna...grab a nap, actually.” Dean scuffs his hair up and then sideways. Sam offers a thin smile and nods and it’s not long before Dean is showered, pajama-ed and in bed. After tossing and turning a bit he admits he’s too wired to sleep. After thirty seconds of browsing through Netflix, he tosses the laptop aside and goes for his phone.
Dean glances and stares stupidly for a moment. A deep blush rises to his face as he directs them toward one of the least catastrophic check-out lines. “Cas mentioned that he was running low on diapers for Claire.”
“Dude. Shut up,” is Dean’s brilliant retort. “He sent a picture, too, look.” Dean holds out his phone and Sam can see a beaming Claire on hands in knees in what appears to be a pavement driveway. There are bright patches of color all around her, broken up by bold block letters spelling out CLAIRE and DADDY. There’s a drawing of a bee and one of a frog that are a bit too well done to have been the work of an almost-three-year-old.
Dean is too tired to be bashful. He has his face tucked into Cas’s neck, an arm over his chest, a leg just starting to crane over one of Cas’s. Cas has one hand softly petting through Dean’s hair and that...doesn’t suck.
“Indeed,” Cas comments. He shifts and that’s enough to stir Claire. She looks up at her father and whines again, then passes a look to the computer. Her eyes snap open wider and she gives a subdued little giggle. Pointing to the screen, she puffs her cheeks out wide -- just as Dean had that morning.
There’s something rising up in Dean and it might be bile, it might be tears. It might be that hollow, choking feeling that has followed every defeat they’ve found their way into, every unforced error, every blockade that’s risen from the snowmelt of every almost-success. All that comes out, though, is a strangled out cry.
A part of him, that screaming, squalling part, wanted to do this at the cemetery. To know what it was like before kicking it. But something else folded up that impulse, told him it would be selfish, that Cas didn’t want it and if he did that was even worse, to kiss him, finally, and then go off and die.
There's something ratcheting high in his chest, but Dean's smile is easy. He puts a hand to Cas's shoulder. “Thanks, Cas. I like your face too.”
“Dude.” Sam is leveling him with quite the unimpressed look. “Last week, the two of you were on Facetime for almost three hours. It’s gonna be awkward and silly and then you’re gonna get back to being yourselves and it’ll be fine.”
It’s not until their turn at the check-out that Sam sees Dean has also added a pack of sidewalk chalk to their groceries. He’s barely opened his mouth before Dean demands, “
"You said that last night," Cas says, with the same level of confusion he met the comment with the night before. Making a face, Cas slips out bed. He didn't feel like a "champ" last night and he certainly doesn't feel like one now. The cool air out of the bed feels better, at least, but it also alerts him to the uncomfortable sensation of dried sweat on his skin. “I’m going to…brush my teeth.”
Cas is at the kitchen table when Dean accepts the Facetime request, Claire in his lap. The girl has a dab of what appears to be peanut butter on her cheek.
He’s not alone when he arrives, hefting the dog close to his chest and face half-buried in her fur. The man with him is taller than any reasonable human and, Mary Catherine says with a giggle later, does share a passing resemblance to a sheepdog with his shaggy hair. The man explains that he’s Sam, Dean’s brother and they take a seat while Amanda clears out one of the exam rooms.
Dean has always been good at metaphors so he shakes his head. “Listen. That’s some bullshit that girls tell themselves when they’re going through a break-up or whatever. That’s not...this.” Us. “This isn’t permanent, I promise. Okay. You can --”
And then that thought, all thoughts, is shoved off-line because Cas smiles. Wide and sunny and not made of nothing more than pixels and light. “Hello, Dean,” Cas replies and he opens the door a little wider. “Would you like to come in for a minute? I’m just saying goodbye to Claire.”
Dean’s shoulders catch at that, but he still doesn’t respond. “So we have to swing by Cas’s place to leave it on the porch."
“Catalan sheepdog,” the other man replies easily. His eyes are on Lauren who is still a little stunned and is only just rising back to her feet.
Sam nods and lets his brother take that in a moment. How long has it been since Dean had a real date, let alone a relationship? Had there even been anyone since Benny? Sam tracks back, before Benny was Lisa, and then Cassie, but that was when Dean was a kid. And it’s been… Has it really been five years since Dean and Benny split?
“Of course,” Cas responds placidly. In the background there’s a call of “Daddy!” and he gives Dean a wry smile. “I suppose that’s my cue to go.”
There’s a world shot through with grayscale and Cas has a soldier’s set to his shoulders and hair that’s so neat it almost looks messy again. He’s standing in some barren wasteland and his eyes are to the sky. He’s staring and staring and staring and Dean can remember his Cas staring at a motel’s ceiling, cursing his deadbeat dad.
Dean finds little clusters of brown and yellow bodies gathered at the door of bunker when he goes out on a supply run. While Sam researchers elemental witches and bee deities, Dean starts clicking around on DIY sites for any specs on how to build beehives. There’s a lot of advice on how to harvest or collect or buy your first hive, but Dean doesn’t suspect he’ll need any help there.
Sam lets them have a moment, let’s them mourn and revel in the mourning, but then he dips his head and says, “Dean, this is good.”
“I know, bud,” Dean soothes with a smile, hand reaching around to pat Cas gently, low on his back. Cas burrows his face further into Dean’s neck.
A dizzy sort of relief hurtles through Dean. He was waiting for him to say something - else. “Yeah. Well, that’s what happens when it’s been broken over and over, you know. Monsters got no respect for the money-maker.”
Dean smiles broadly at that, easily remembering all the times Sam’s imagination ran wild. “And did you find any?”
Dean huffs out a laugh and shakes his head. The bee dislodges, twirls, alights on his nose. Dean laughs again, keeps laughing. Bends at the waist and throws an arm out against his car to hold himself steady because he can’t stop laughing, he can’t stop seeing Cas’s face, that easy smile, the serenity, when he talked about watching the bees.
“Dean,” he stutters out and something in Dean would have expected his voice to shift, as a human, but it hasn’t. It’s that same deep, rough rasp and he’s helpless to do anything but lick it out of Cas’s mouth. “Please,” he mumbled between them.
“Besides,” Amanda said, “Dr. Meyer doesn’t think that she’s ever had puppies and, at her age, that means she’s probably already been spayed.”
Sam’s smile softens and he bends to lean his elbows against the cart handle. “That makes sense,” he says and any hint of teasing is gone from his voice.
In the evening, Sam, Eileen and Jack find a dog in one of the neighboring sites. They’re laughing with the dog’s owners, tossing a tennis ball, relaxing. Jack is playing with Eileen’s camera -- he’s still learning the mechanics of it -- lining up a shot of the dog as it leaps, or of Sam winding his arm back to throw. Eileen is standing by his side, adjusting and smiling.
Cas smiles, beatific, and Dean can’t help but think that he’s beautiful, incandescent. An angel of the Lord, here with him. “I love you too, Dean,” he says and he’s smiling, the tone in his voice is almost laughter. “Please remember that. I’ve loved you, all this time.” He presses his hand to Dean’s shoulder and Dean remembers, for a brief moment, Hell. He remembers Cas reaching down and pulling him out.
“C’mon. Let’s get to bed.” Dean leans over and opens his door, maneuvering them into the room with mildly clumsiness.
“Heya, Claire-bear.” Dean has a big smile for the girl who returns it, if somewhat shyly. Claire keeps one hand fisted around her green crayon, but the other offers a wave to Dean. “Got something for ya.” That gets Claire’s attention and drops the crayon, turning toward Dean fully. He reaches into his pocket and withdraws a bottle of bubble solution, bright yellow.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that so he just treks back a few paces to stand closer to Cas. The polaroid takes a little while to develop, but neither of them seem to mind. They stand together, hands still clasped, and watch as the ghost of Dean’s frame comes into view, the edges of grass, flickers of fireflies, Cas’s hand in Dean’s, the edge of the trench coat. The both of them moving forward, into some future.
“Right!” Dean snaps his fingers. “She’s part otterhound, and part Catalan sheepdog, with some bearded collie thrown in there too.” At that, he looks down at Miracle and gives her a pat on the side. “Aren’t you, beautiful girl? Isn’t that right?”
Dean lets his hands drift from Cas’s arms to over his shoulders and he pulls him into more of an embrace and Cas’s hands tighten over Dean’s hips and, just like that, they’re kissing. Like it's always been that simple. Dean means to keep it G-rated, he really does, just the press of lips but, well,
“I wanted to bring her right away,” Dean says and he shoots a dark look to Sam, “but he said to wait and see what happened.”
Dean is crying and he slides his fingers into Cas’s hair. He snuffles at the touch and stirs and his smile goes even wider. Dean cries harder, full sobs that wrack through his chest but Castiel doesn’t seem to notice.
“Wait!” Jack says, and then he reaches for the bottle of whiskey and all the warmth Dean started to feel toward the twosome fades. “Wait, I have a toast I wanna make. We have to go again.”
Dean laughs softly at the request and that’s close enough to satisfy, apparently, because Cas lowers his hand again. And then he tucks his head and kisses Dean soundly, as if it’s something they do every day. He still tastes like toothpaste, a little, but mostly just - like, human. Like heat and wet and skin.
Cas eyes brighten and he lets out a dreamy sigh. “Coffee.” He can brave the cursed sun if it means coffee.
Dean didn’t tell Sam, word for word, what Cas said but Sam has always known that his brother operates from love. He was the kid, after all, who Dean raised. Dean wiped his tears and kissed his skinned knees and proofread his essays and taught him about cars and girls and drinking and their father. Sam is alive and the person he is today because of Dean’s love.
A laugh comes over the line. “Yes, I heard you. But you sound less...worn down than you did this morning.”
“And if not…” The man sort of trailed off, squinting out the bay windows of the front lobby. “If not, I guess I wanted to keep him.” The whole time, he kept one hand firmly on the dog, like he was reminding himself that it was still there.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greets calmly, with a soft smile. Dean feels something warm swell just beneath his chest. “Claire, would you like to show Dean what you made?”
It takes a minute, but Dean gets his feet under him, tumbles both of them back onto the bed in a better position - Cas against the pillows and Dean crouched over him. They kiss, slow and metered, and Dean lets that set the pace. So they finish undressing each other slow and with plenty of touch. Dean catalogues the juts of Cas’s hipbones, the well of his collarbone, the angle of his thighs. Cas is happy just to rest his hands over Dean’s shoulders, to hold him there, feel him there. And when Dean’s exploration brings him to the hot line of Cas’s cock, that grip on his shoulders go white-knuckled.
It’s not until after dinner, when they’re idly making their way through Indiana Jones (Raiders, for at least the ninth time), that Sam brings it up. “Is that Jo?” he asks as Dean writes out another text -- he’s well aware it’s not his brother’s partner. (For one, Jo is the mythical millennial who prefers talking on the phone to texting. For another, Sam has heard her say, very seriously, “I spend forty-eight hours straight with your ass, Winchester. I don’t need to talk to you on our hours off.”)
“I have frequently watched you drink to excess,” Cas reasons, still squinting. The collar of his flannel is tweaked and he has one sleeve rolled up his arm, the other flopping, cuff open, around his wrist. He's a former bad ass of the Lord so it feels a little weird to think of his as adorable but, well, it's not the first time.
There’s a moment, just a minute, as they’re heading for the garage, when Mary is ahead of them (that’s still a head trip, his
Dean shudders through inhales, is shaking, has his head pitched down so that that tip of his nose is along the bridge of Cas’s.
Sam laughs at that for longer than Dean thinks is warranted. Instead of any annoyance, though, he just feels that same comfortable, familiar warm spread through his chest.
He’s all but silent, no soft huffing exhales, no stretching keens. Eyes closed, hands gripping at Dean. Dean kisses him. He kisses the soft shadows under each eye, he kisses the furrow in his brow, he kisses the slick part of his mouth and then, as gently as he can, he works himself home into Castiel.
“I think Miracle here just has a toothache,” Jessica explains with a smile. Dean looks warily between her and his dog, tightening his embrace a little. “We’ll have to do some tests, of course, maybe get an x-ray, but what you’re describing is pretty textbook.”
“It’s just that…” Dean sighs and passes a hand through his hair. “I’m not a hero or whatever, and I don’t mean that to be modest, like…” He swallows, a little shakily. His door is closed, he knows that, and Sammy is probably engrossed in his work, but he still double-checks. Still doesn’t want to be overheard admitting this. “I’m just doing my job and it’s not right that it’s like this. I don’t want it to be like this. I want to go back to my job, before. No one in the buses or the ERs or wherever, we’re not calling ourselves heroes. We’re fucking...being martyred.”
Before he knows what’s happening, cold air rushes to fill the space that was once Cas. Dean sees just the edges of the Empty’s tendrils, black and shimmering and all-consuming. He turns on the balls of his feet just in time to watch the rift against the wall close up.
He watches at Dean turns back to his phone, some stupid little smile on his face. His brother turns like he’s heading for the kitchen but stops after a few paces. “I… What should I write back?”
“No,” he says, pointing. “Whatever those smiles mean, no.” Jack and Claire’s identical grins don’t even flinch.
“Total friend of Dorothy,” Jessica confirms with a nod. “Sam, the brother, said that the person Dean’s missing is a
It seems Dean has forgotten that conversation, a decade gone. “So," he says, still smiling. "My nose is crooked, huh?”
Cas wanders a little further out into the field that casts out on the side of the road. It’s just dusk, so there are still colors in the sky, brilliant pinks and oranges and purple. Dean moves to stand next to him -- it’s nice to do that without pretending to have something to say, making up some reason for the closeness. It’s nice to just lean into Cas’s space.
Dean lifts his head a little more and he’s looking down at Cas through his lashes now, he’s looking at Cas’s lips. “Okay. Quick revision to the plan. I’m going...to kiss you now. And then the water, et cetera. And then, in the morning, when we’re sober, we kiss again.”
"I...would like to have drinks with you," Cas answers, which isn't a yes but it functions enough like one.
Dean laughs, shoulders loose, and messes up Sam’s hair. “I’ll let you all get back to work. Gonna catch a couple hours of sleep.” Sam nods and Dean shoots a salute and a smile off to the webcam before disappearing into the apartment.
Dean clears his throat and, because he’s an asshole, says, “Yeah, I don’t think it counts when it comes from rose thorns.”
Dean’s thumb is caught up against the shoulder seam of Cas’s coat, under the flap of the collar. He’s letting it run side-to-side and you could probably call it a caress, if you were writing that kind of story.
Sam likes his boss, generally. Rowena is smart and sarcastic and always seems to go to bat for them with the higher-ups. Except she’s a bit of a gossip, which means she’s gone full-speed on all the dumb “team building during quarantine” initiatives that the company has been suggesting. So this morning’s huddle finds Sam reciting “hello”s and “nice to meet you”s to all of his team’s family members, or roommates, or dogs, or cats (or, in Kevin’s case, lizard). Because this morning is Meet Who I’m Quarantined With.
Tonight, there’s something on Dean’s mind. Sam can tell by the way he keeps picking at the label of his beer, the way he drifts in and out of paying attention to the line-up of Gourmet Makes videos they have queued up (Dean threatens once a week to quit his job and apply for the BA Test Kitchen and Sam would roll his eyes if he didn’t think they would definitely hire his brother).
“You more than deserve one,” comes Cas’s immediate encouragement. “And you’re allowed to say that, to feel that.” The rush of a sigh rustles through their connection. “I wish there were some way I could help.”
When he put a hand to Dean’s cheek and told him not to worry, that it was okay, that he was ready and Dean would be fine, it would all be fine and then he was flickering away and there was nothing but the cool emptiness of the space where he had been. Nothing but a gaping void that loomed and buzzed through Dean’s chest.
Since blowing out the big bad, a lot of their cases are clean-ups -- lingering ghosts and ghouls or ancient things that have been walking the Earth since long before there were ever Winchesters or Campbells. There’s the rakshaka in Montana, wendigo in Minnesota and North Dakota, a slew of ghosts along the east coast and across Texas. At all their stopovers: bees. Through the snowy afternoons in the midwest and the dawning spring in the South, bees. They’re not dicks about it; they’re not, like, bees. For all that they seem to be following him or something, he doesn’t get stung once. They never dart or dive at him, just hum in close, to the crown of his head.
And finally, Cas asks, “Did you wanna talk about what’s wrong, or not?” His tone is gentle, earnest. He’s genuine asking and Dean has the feeling that if he said that he didn’t, that would be the end of it.
He seemed distraught about that last part. Amanda was at the desk then, scheduling his appointment and he had asked, eyes bright and earnest, “Does it hurt? I mean the— When they get spayed, will it hurt her?”
It comes out in halting spirals, in between whining breaths and deep shudders. More than once, Dean trails toward guilt, toward shame, toward
“Fine,” Cas answers, after considering a moment. And then, with horrifying clarity, he remembers puking next to motel. “I vomited last night.”
When Dean finishes, tells them that the Empty took Cas and Billie disappeared, he folds his arms on the table and buries his head. Jack, sitting next to him, puts a hand to his arm and fits his face into Dean’s shoulder. Sam watches as, slowly, Dean shifts one hand to cover Jack’s.
They pull apart at the sound of a clearing throat. Mary is there and Dean is about two decades too old to be getting caught making out with dudes by his mother. She’s grinning though, like she gets the humor of it all too, and has a hand on her hip. “I guess we kiss angels in the future?” she says, eyebrow raised.
Dean smothers the gasp that rises through his chest into his pillow and forces himself to name prime numbers until he falls asleep.
Dean pulls off, rises with another searing kiss and pads to his duffel, shifts clothes around until he finds a wrinkled packet of lube. When he turns back, he’s caught by the sight of Cas: sprawled back, blue eyes so wide and legs still open to hold the shape of Dean between them. They meet sightlines and Cas tilts his head. His eyes are soft and his mouth is a little slack and Dean’s chest feels like it might cave in from want, from longing. Cas is right there in front of him and Dean misses him so badly it’s like he’s got his own Holy Wound, lanced beneath his heart.
“But drinking it directly after the whiskey is very enjoyable.” Cas is turning the little fluted shot glass, holding up to the light, and examining the few dregs of pickle juice still clinging. Cas squints at the glass, then, decisively, he sets it down and turns on Dean. “I would like another, please.”
Dean does laugh then, a little exhale, and drops his hand to Cas’s shoulder. “I dunno about that, Cas. I think you’ve had enough.” Dean remembers, ten years back now, Cas going shot-for-shot with Ellen and not even flinching. He remembers, a year before that, Cas staggering to them coming off a bender because there was no God. This is different, either way. He's not despairing, hands between knees, asking Dean what to do. He's smiling and his shoulders are dropped and easy and he hasn't looked away from Dean more than a few times in the past hour.
