Fury spared him a keen side-glance that almost seemed amused. “It is a talent,” he said.
"Do you think he has a wife?"
"Do I have a
Tony tightened his grip on the side of the carriage. Best not to fall again; he'd never live it down. "Oh?' he heard himself ask as if from a distance.
"When you die, your tombstone's going to read, here lies James Rhodes, Tony
She grabbed his finger and then his whole hand. For a long moment, she searched his face, squeezing his hand. Then, finally, she sighed and released him.
He’d avoided those thoughts for six years, he reminded himself. Every time he’d seen his name in the newspaper, he’d put it aside immediately. Every time he’d had a thought or a memory of their time together, he’d found something to distract himself. He’d put it behind him as entirely as he was able. For Tony's brain, which caught ideas and ran them into submission, it was an impressive amount of self-control.
He tried taking a step forward and his leg almost buckled. Tony gritted his teeth. Barely two weeks back and he was already more injured than he'd ever been during his time at Cambridge. Was this area cursed or something?
"Well," Fury said. "Since you
Tony forced himself to consider the problem through a distant and academic lens, ignoring the cold churn of his stomach at the thought of Barnes getting tortured. If he had lost his memories, it explained a lot. But memory loss was such a tricky thing. So few people knew enough about the brain to even begin to address it.
Tony's head snapped to look at Captain Rogers but he was still looking at Harley. He wasn't smiling but some of the icy indifference in his face had faded away. Tony's breath shortened.
Tony grinned at her. “Someone’s got to keep you from being a stick in the mud, Miss Potts.”
Tony had returned for the funeral, of course. He had half-expected his father to demand for him to stay. But his father had been wan and silent, utterly at sea. He hadn’t even seemed to recognize Tony. He didn't said a single thing when Tony left only a week later, and he hadn’t sent any letters even though Tony had graduated his course nearly two years ago and had decided to stay on for his master’s with only a note to Obie to let anyone know what he was doing.
Yinsen's nostrils flared. Tony hadn't been confident about approaching the doctor about it, to be honest - he still got the impression Yinsen didn't think much of him. But he was still one of the townspeople Tony had talked to the most since coming back and didn't have any old, awkward connections to bumble over. He'd been direct in all their conversations before - Tony trusted him to be so now.
"No mischief," Tony protested. Fury snorted. "Hardly any! I just—Peter Parker came to see me and he was nearly in tears because that Toomes character was going to cut off the boy's hand for stealing some loaves of bread." Tony frowned at Fury. "Is that what the going rate is for petty thievery nowadays?"
you plan to deal with this newborn baby entirely on your own?”
"And what am I?" he asked with faux outrage. "Chopped lamb's liver?"
Peter was red-faced and smiling when Tony looked over. "I said I would!"
said no? Tones, what the hell—"
She didn't look like she believed him. "I remember your little gang. I don't think I ever saw you go anywhere without Captain Rogers right at your elbow."
Tony hated it. He hated even more that there was nothing,
Captain Rogers stepped hastily back, almost tripping over his own feet. He cleared his throat.
"What
“Is that forgiveness I hear?”
“I did hear a rumor about that,” Fury said. “Heard another one that the new tenant is a local boy. Bucky Barnes?”
"Not this one," Tony said. "It's for automobiles."
"Rude. Just for that, I'm going to tell him whose idea it was to let all of the horses out of the stables—"
"It's nearly two miles through the woods, at least."
“There weren’t any professors there up to the task.”
think are needed for settling down?"
“Before you start yelling, I’m sorry,” he said rapidly. Her face was going blotchy already, not a good sign. “I know I was an ass the last time we were together and I should have written you much sooner to apologize. I thought it was something I should do in person. You were right to hit me and,” he glanced down and his entire speech, the one he’d been working on the whole ride over, fell straight out of his head, “holy mother of God, you’re
It took several long moments before he heard footsteps. Tony used them to compose himself, to fix his face into something appropriate. If Pepper didn’t want to see him, he’d leave. He’d used her very badly and he was the one at fault for their falling out—all he wanted to do was apologize. If he was lucky, she might consider being his friend again.
"What on earth's gotten into Captain Rogers?" she wondered aloud. She turned back and surveyed them. For some reason, when she looked at Tony, her stern expression lightened into something closer to amusement. "Hm," she said. "Perhaps it doesn't matter. Shall we all go inside, then?"
Yinsen closed his bag with a snap. “We’ll have to travel back quickly,” he said. “Let me get my horse.”
"—for our birthdays." Captain Rogers shook his head, mouth softening. "I completely forgot about that. He made me this little dog - I had it on my windowsill for years." He held up the helmets, smiling down at the little star still visible on the forehead of the blue one. "He made this when we were—gosh, I don't even know. Ten, maybe?"
"What's your excuse then, hm?"
," he ground out.
Tony’s body felt three sizes too small. He forced himself to breathe easily and regularly, counting in and out, until the tightness lessened. God. He could forget, sometimes, how easy everything had been between them, how close and affectionate they had been for so many years. For a time, there had been no one dearer to him than Captain Rogers, not even Rhodey or Pepper. They had shared a mind and a confidence; Captain Rogers was still the only one outside of Cambridge who knew of Tony’s true dreams, the machines that he hoped to build instead of following in his father’s footsteps.
It wasn’t written by Barnes, Tony could tell that at once. Barnes had always had nearly illegible chicken scratch. This letter was full of elegant penmanship, clear and beautiful. Tony skimmed the introductions, the initial offer to dinner, until he came upon the paragraph that mentioned him.
"I'm glad to hear you say so!" Peggy sounded shy too. "More than one man has been put off by my strong opinions."
Sousa shook his head. "Spoken like a man with no feeling for poetry," he said. He considered the request seriously nonetheless and, eventually, recited a few lines from Blake. "
It helped. Tony's dark mood, the one that had driven him out of the house and into the forest to begin with, began to fade away along with the bruise on his shoulder. Fury had been melodramatic about the whole thing, of course, but Tony had managed to largely misdirect Sharon and Peggy's concern with a few jokes. He didn't think either of them suspected just how uncomfortable he really was or the reason for it.
Tony didn't flinch, but just barely. He didn't look at Captain Rogers.
Sharon's expression remained sweet and easy, despite her cross flush, but Peggy tensed. Tony glanced at her, surprised to see that most of the mischief had fled from her expression.
"Oh?" he asked. "What've they done, then?"
"This is already over my head," Dugan said. "Let me see it."
"Tones." Rhodey pulled at his hands until Tony knelt back down on the floor, tugging him into a ferocious hug. "Christ, man. All those letters and you didn't say a thing."
Peggy's eyes widened at his tone and she leaned forward as well, obviously willing to hear him out. "I've been told the design isn't efficient enough for long-distance travel," she said. "Though I admit, I'm not entirely sure how the entire machine works. Would you be willing to explain it to me?"
"You wound me, madam!" Tony kept his voice light and cheerful. "Weren't you telling me only yesterday how empty the house felt?"
Tony didn't roll his eyes out of sheer self-control. How many times had he heard someone at Cambridge run their mouth because they didn't know what they were talking about? He leaned forward, elbows on the table, and pointed a stern finger at Peggy.
He pulled away. Tony was free. He could have turned and demanded to know exactly what the Captain meant, asked him to explain himself and his odd questions. He could have chased that thread, forced a confrontation that would air out everything between them.
Pepper frowned. “Will you rent rooms?”
much bigger than me! I would have figured it out eventually if
Tony wanted to ask what exactly
Tony straightened. “I heard that as well,” he said. “How bad is it?”
"No one really believed them when they said they were friends with the little Lord Stark. I didn't really either until we showed up at your manor and you came for dinner. Not that Steve's really the type to make that kind of thing up. Bucky, either."
"Mr. Toomes," he said. "I'd like to speak to the boy privately."
- Fury had given him a hard look when Tony had started stammering out some excuses about having work to do that evening. So he'd bundled into the carriage with everyone else and gloomily figured that at least it was a big place. He probably could avoid Captain Rogers most of the night.
Nothing else. Tony didn't let his unease show; it was strange for Barnes, who Tony remembered as a chatty, outgoing little wise-cracker, to be so close-mouthed. He'd half-expected a tongue-lashing for how things had gone with Captain Rogers; Barnes was his closest friend next to Tony and doubtless they'd only grown closer during their time in the Navy. But perhaps Barnes had changed in more ways than just his appearance. War could shake even the firmest of characters, let alone a deadly injury. Tony couldn't stop from checking Barnes' left side - the arm really was gone. The sleeve of his shirt was pinned neatly away.
They could, of course. Anything was possible. But Tony could already see how the evening would go, as clearly as if he were Kassandra herself. He would joke too much and be too loud in an effort to cover up his own distress, coping methods he had long since recognized and come to terms with; Captain Rogers would retreat and make pointed, passive-aggressive remarks. Tony would get louder and meaner in response and everything would quickly go to hell in a handbasket.
"Then you agree that he needs to be punished—"
"She probably just wants to make sure she isn't sinking her fortune into a house that's falling apart," Tony said, taking a wild guess.
Yinsen gave him a narrow-eyed stare. "I don't suppose this would have anything to do with Lieutenant Barnes?"
Tony eyed him. "And the reason you're coming to me instead of the magistrate is...?"
Parker's gaze slid guiltily away from Tony. He must know about the rumors about the Starks being involved, then. At least, Tony thought a little wryly, he could count on the kid not being able to hide a lie from him. He wore everything on his face.
Tony blinked. Yinsen pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.
Tony considered her bright, hopeful face. "I guess one visit wouldn't be so bad," he said.
"He has phantom pains?"
That made Sharon perk up in her chair. She turned to Tony with wide, interested eyes. "Are you already engaged? Lord Stark, you never said!"
"Don't worry about it. Just know that you can call on us if you ever need anything, ma'am."
"Oh, that," Tony said. "Well, we'll see, won't we? If Pepper's baby comes sooner, I might be in London by next week."
Tony didn't know what to say to that. He had been born to his position and he'd always known that the lands surrounding Stark Manor - the tenants and the town - were under his family's protection. But it had never been put to the test before; it had largely been a ceremonial thing. Tony looked at the book in Yinsen's hand and back at his face.
Tony frowned. "Well." He shrugged, uncomfortable with the odd way Captain Rogers was saying all of these innocuous things. "She just puts up with me, really. I think she's keeps inventing things for me to fix just to keep me out of her hair." She'd insisted he work on her thermometer the other day.
Tony sighed. He circled his room several times, trying to force himself to say it. Jarvis let him without speaking; he knew that sometimes Tony had to work himself up to things he found unpleasant, and he found nothing more unpleasant than discussing his
Tony stifled a laugh. He had a feeling it would be a little hysterical.
"Shut
Her sidelong glance should have been mischievous or annoyed, but she still had that strange stillness in her features. Tony remembered Barnes' unexpected stoicism and wondered how exactly their courtship had even proceeded.
"They're fine lines," Farnsworth admitted. "He does know how to turn a phrase, that one."
me frantically trying to figure out how trains work in the 1800s: oh my god oh my god o h my god
His mind was still on Pepper as he strode through Shield Manor's foyer; she'd seemed better but she definitely wasn't moving very well. Deciding to have Harley work for her had been a whim at the time, but now he was glad he did it; she was chafing at being restricted and she probably would overextend herself without extra help. He'd tried to keep her off her feet as much as possible once the children were gone and amused her for most of the afternoon by reading a few passages from one of her gothic romances, using spooky voices for the villain and a high and dramatic tenor for the protagonist. It had mostly worked, but he would have to figure something else out for the rest of the week.
Jarvis’s mouth firmed. “Lord Stark.”
"It was because of
Tony had never seen Barnes fold so swiftly for someone who wasn't Steve. His head lowered and he let out a long, annoyed sigh.
, sir."
"Proposing!" Tony shook his head. "Pepper spends her days scolding me for sorting the vegetables wrong and threatening me with those weapons she calls knitting needles and people think I'm
The gears were intricate and complicated inside, but not so much that Tony couldn’t get the hang of it rather quickly. The mechanism was bent, that was all, deep within the guts of the clock—it had prevented the gears from turning smoothly and stuck the hands. Tony straightened it out and replaced the gears he’d had to take out to find it, putting everything back in its proper place. It was only as he was fixing the last of the gears that he heard someone clear his throat from above him.
Fury made a grumbling sound under his breath. "Yes," he said with heavy irony. "She was keen to integrate herself with us."
"Oh," Tony managed to get out.
Tony let out the breath he hadn't realized he was holding. "You don't think it was the war alone that made him that way?"
"Oh, hell," he said as the tears began to overflow. "I'm sorry. Look, kid, I want to help you. If you can give me something,
"Reconsidering your feelings on poetry?"
"Pepper," Tony said, flapping his hand, "you must let me have my dreams."
"He's a little street rat if you don't mind me saying. If we listen to his sob stories and let him go, he'll be out there with his grimy paws in the baker's wares tomorrow before sundown. I'd bet my house on it."
Tony paused in the doorway. When he looked back, Jarvis was watching him, implacable and focused.
Tony scowled. "It wasn't
Tony forced himself to smile. "Just a headache," he said. "My punishment for too many late nights and too few candles."
." She made raised her eyebrows, making significant eyes at him. "At least, not
stay with Lord Stark," Sharon said.
Pepper and Rhodey exchanged one of their speaking looks, the kind they'd developed to say things about Tony that Tony couldn't understand. Tony scowled at them.
"No, you don't." Rhodey was too nice to hate anyone. "Rhodey, come on. You used to back him up against those townie kids."
Tony barked out a laugh and stood up. Better start getting packed, he thought.
"He might have met someone during his leave," he said. "Maybe he's already married."
Tony watched until they disappeared behind the tree line before he allowed himself to sink to the ground, uncaring of the way the grass was sure to stain his pants. His ankle throbbed.
Tony winked at her. "Perhaps I will become one of them if you don't come back to rescue me, Miss Carter."
They turned another corner and, reminding Tony that if God did exist he had a horrific sense of humor, almost ran into Peggy and Captain Rogers. For a moment, everyone was so startled they stared at each other in silence. Peggy had her hand on Captain Rogers' broad forearm, tucked in close to his side. Tony gritted his teeth against the swoop in his stomach. If Captain Rogers was finally happy and stable again, he reminded himself savagely, it didn't matter who had caused it.
"I didn't think he'd talk about them to anyone else," he said at last. "They were just—ideas. Fancies of mine."
Peggy was young and beautiful. She had a good family and a solid dowry and she was witty and kind. She would make anyone an excellent wife. Steve could choose no one better to court.
Tony had made his way to his old bedroom first.
"You know I think I spent half my childhood in here?" He moved away from her to the opposite side of the room, where the row of bookcases were interrupted by a door. A storage closet, Tony remembered. It had always smelled like the lemon polish Jarvis liked to use on the wooden floors. "Maybe more. Strange the things you forget when you get older, isn't it?"
"For your impending marriage." Captain Rogers' nostrils flared. "I've heard the rumors. Everyone says you're going to propose any second."
Tony paused in the middle of turning away. The words were what they should be but something about Captain Rogers' tone made the simple inquiry about a mutual acquaintance feel barbed, somehow.
"She was always trying to get me to act like an earl. You'd think she'd give up the goose after that time I set her dress on fire."
"Well, he wasn't a captain then." Sousa smiled. "We served together before the war. On a ship you might know.
"Fossils?" Miss Wilson asked, obviously perplexed. "Whatever for?"
. "Captain Rogers."
Tony stared at her. “You aren’t still—”
"I suppose not. Your father will be happy to see you."
Sharon bent down to offer her hand, anxiously scanning his face.
The moon provided just enough light to catch the flash of the woman's teeth as she smiled. She knelt down. Close up, it was easier to make out more of her features. She couldn't be that much older than Tony but he didn't recognize her at all. Was she from town?
Tony made sure his shrug was flippant. "I just needed some night air, that's all. It's a bit cozier in this house than I'm used to."
"Rhodey, can't you just let it go? It was years ago."
She laughed. "Please accept my deepest apologies," she said. "Peggy, perhaps if you help—"
"Lord Stark—"
"Natasha?" Tony froze in place. "Miss Carter said she saw you come up here."
Fury glowered at him. "Your charges are already causing mischief, Stark," he said.
"I think I can manage to direct a carriage." Tony made sure to make his voice as waspish as he could. It was going to be embarrassing enough to reveal he'd ridden so recklessly he'd been thrown from his horse in the middle of the night; the last thing he wanted was to be driven to Fury's door like a coddled child. "Thank you for your assistance, but I can take it from here."
? Sir, he's hardly worth—"
"Do you
"Mr. Wilson and I are
"Urgent matters?" Bella asked with alarm.
"Well, it didn't work out," he said. "That's it, nothing else to say."
beauty. Poetry sees a version of the world and says: hey, this is beautiful and let me tell you why you should believe me." Chuckles broke out at his little imitation of a poet's voice. "But mathematics sees the truth of the world and that's where the beauty comes from."
"Anthony Stark."
"We're always glad to join our friends around the dinner table," Bella said. "We'd be happy for you to stay, of course, but now that we're apparently taking in strays—"
"What are you—?"
thanks for all the kind comments and kudos! next chapter might be up sooner but I make no promises.
"Firmness of character," Steve said. "Strength of principles. A willingness to commit."
"That was to keep everyone safe," Peggy demurred.
Baronet Fury crossed his arms over his chest. “For what reason?”
He sat in the open space between her and Peggy. "My apologies," he said with a wink. "I should know better than to deprive you of my company. No one should only have to deal with your uncle at the breakfast table."
Barnes had been the only one of them who hadn't cried when he'd broken a bone as a child. Captain Rogers had sniffled and Tony, he wasn't ashamed to say, had bawled like a baby. He'd been the biggest of them aside from Rhodey, the one who would step in when Captain Rogers started a fight with a bully or Tony ran his mouth at the town kids. Tony had more than one memory of relief at hearing Barnes' low drawl in the middle of a sticky situation.
“Ah, that.” Fury examined her. “Well, you seem accomplished enough even without that school, so I would say our goal has been reached. Stark, you’ve settled in all right?”
They both stared at him. Tony gently put Pepper back in her chair and tried to ignore the way his skin felt like it was two sizes too small. God, he didn't want to talk about this.
Pepper sighed and gently stroked her swollen belly. "Me too," she admitted. "Dr. Yinsen says it should be soon." She smiled sadly at Tony. "Will you ever come back here again? After you finish at Cambridge, I mean."
, Pepper. It's my secret to keep, okay? He's moving on, he's happy. I'm not going to ruin that by bringing up something that should just be left in the past. Please,
"I expect these back in pristine condition, Lord Stark," he said.
Pepper grimaced. Tony flattened his smile immediately, contrite. It was so easy for them to fall back into old habits, he’d completely forgotten why Pepper might find it uncomfortable.
“Be reasonable? I just found you bleeding on the floor, Pepper!” She hunched. “What
"Trust me, kid, he's human." Tony imagined Captain Rogers in a room with Parker and bit down on his smile. "He'll listen to you if I'm not around."
“Now, now,” he said. “Dr. Yinsen said it was important not to overwork yourself, buttercup!’
i did some light research about the criminal justice system and then remembered why I hate research. most of that is handwaved, so sorry if anyone is super knowledge about 1800s criminal justice. also that quote near the end is a direct pull from persuasion - it's one of my favorites from the book, so I couldn't resist adding it in. ms austen invented yearning and I do not accept criticism about that fact.
That was what he wanted, wasn’t it? To forget?
"Stark!"
"It's been empty for a long time." He ran a hand over the book spines. "How are you and Barnes liking it here? No complaints about the creaky floorboards or drafty windows?"
Pepper’s expression flickered. “Rhodey didn’t tell you?”
The mindless fury of the action helped a little. He breathed against the heavy brocade pillowcase for several long minutes and forcibly convinced his eyes that they were
That made her relax and laugh. She examined him one more time and then turned back to the men. Peggy lingered for a moment.
"But surely you think he will as much as I do! He's been to visit nearly every day."
Tony’s heart began to  sink even as he offered a smile. “Oh?”
"I'm sure it's just twisted—"
"I'll be back as soon as I'm able," he swore.
“Was that a threat? That sounded like a threat. Pepper, I’m no medical man, but I do think murdering me is
"Oh, it's—" Parker fumbled around in his jacket and pulled out a little envelope. "Can you give this to Harley for me? I know he's staying up at Shield Hall."
"You've done well for yourself," Tony said. He kept his voice bright and polite. Not a hint of any intimacy. "How
"We'll have to have another dinner with them again so you can tell her yourself, Lord Stark!" Sharon said brightly. "I wouldn't mind at all - it really was the most
She gave him a sharp look. “Aren’t you?” she asked.
“Not an earl yet,” he murmured and bent his head to the letter.
the type to recklessly endanger
Tony remembered being nine and running around these very woods waving his sword with Captain Rogers at his side. What did they fight together? What
“Go  away!”
"Captain Rogers," Peggy said. Tony's stomach dropped at her blush. "He says if he has to marry us off, he's going to make sure it's to him."
, sir.”
It couldn't last.
"I don't know," he said. "Miss Carter's the one who has to listen to Dan try to talk about trees. I'm not sure who has it worse."
"So?" he asked Sousa with a hint of a grin to make the joke clear. "Am I dropping out of Cambridge?"
"Lord Stark, you look positively grim!"
he wanted to shout.
“When he comes to visit, will you be all right?”
"You see? There's nothing more to it." Peggy surely thought so, but Tony wasn't so convinced. Captain Rogers looked a little too red around the ears for this to be a simple walk. "In fact, would you like to come along?" Captain Rogers' eyes widened a little and Tony's stomach swooped. Peggy didn't seem to notice. "I'm sure you'd be able to tell the Captain more about the area
"No." Tony snapped his fingers. "No, that's yours, we've already decided."
Harley sounded a little worried. Tony tried to smile at him.
! I was trying to find
"Is this because he still doesn't know you pulled up the petunias? I told you, he probably guessed—"
Tony only caught a glimpse of a pale stare through the boy's fringe. He kept his approach casual and friendly. There was no reason to spook the boy further, but Tony remembered being that age; treating him like spun glass would hardly endear him to Tony either.
Tony was pretty sure he was having a heart attack. He scrambled to his feet and fell back to one knee as his body protested the sudden movement. He ignored it, scanning the woods for whoever had spoken, heart jumping so quickly in his chest he was honestly surprised he hadn't swooned like a young child.
Harley's grip tightened on his wrist. "I know."
Captain Rogers recoiled as Tony had known he would. But he still soldiered on, squaring his shoulders and taking another step forward. He loomed over Tony now, almost as close as he had been when he'd lifted Tony onto the carriage last week. Tony took shallow breaths and kept his expression forcibly casual.
bad of a sprain," he complained, marching away down the path. Captain Rogers, curse his freakishly long legs, kept up without trouble. "I can walk just fine, thanks."
"Do you know how long you will be staying?"
Tony made a low sound in his throat. He didn't think it sounded pleasant, but Bella clearly took it as an agreement and she chatted on about the prospect of a summer wedding for the rest of the ride home.
Tony couldn't talk about that. "Do you remember when they went to sea for the first time? We were all about eleven."
His hair was much longer, tied back in a neat queue. The face - smoky eyes, scowling mouth, unfair cheekbones - was largely the same as well, aside from being weathered by the elements and sharpened by age. The last time they'd seen each other face-to-face, Barnes had given him a smacking kiss on the cheek in farewell and warning to answer their letters or
Pepper softened. “I said some pretty terrible things myself,” she said. “And I could have chosen a better time.”
"More than you'd think. Here."
The little doctor’s clinic was still in the same place it had sat through all of Tony’s childhood. He’d never gone to visit Dr. Falcombe that often--despite his rough-and-tumble childhood, he’d been remarkably sturdy—but Tony remembered suffering through a fever when he was nine and the spritely elderly man who gave him pills and came to check on his condition for the months that followed. He only hoped the fellow could help Pepper now.
He opened his mouth, closed it again. "I do
"That night." Captain Rogers' voice lowered, scraped raw. Tony couldn't stop his little shocked inhale - he hadn't expected the Captain to ever bring up their past and especially not the night where everything had broken apart. "You told me why we couldn't—why you didn't want—" Captain Rogers breathed in and out several times. "I always thought you'd say. If there was someone else."
"Those are the Keener children," Fury said. "What mischief have you been working down in town, Stark? Cooper would only say that you'd been called away."
“You don’t want to stay,” Pepper said. “You hate this place now.”
him, he isn’t advertising himself. Maybe you won’t have to see him at all.”
"I'm sure you remember where the carriages are." Mrs. Barnes was easier to see out of the cover of the trees. He could make out the deep auburn of her hair and more details of her face. Very pretty, he thought. No wonder Sharon and Peggy had been so awestruck. "Your horse here can handle one of the smaller ones by himself. You can return it any time you like later this week."
"Mrs. Barnes
. We suffer our humiliations in manly dignity."
That had to be Barnes. His voice was much lower and rougher than Tony remembered, but still familiar.
The Manor had been the seat of the Starks since their founding, a sprawling mansion out in the country of Somerset. For as long as Tony could remember, Howard had been immensely proud of the place. The rare times he and Tony’s mother had returned during Tony’s childhood had been in a group of other peers of the realm or even gentry, to whom Howard would spend the entire trip extolling the virtues and history of the Stark line and the family home. Tony would believe in Howard giving up his title before he believed in Howard giving up that mansion.
"Yes." Captain Rogers sounded a little sad. "I knew her quite well when I lived here as a boy."
“Pleasure to meet you all,” he said, adding in a wink and delighting in the way it made both of the young ladies blush. “I promise I won’t get in your way
"Tony. I saw you afterward. If you are seriously trying to tell me you were unaffected, you're a much worse liar than I thought you were." Pepper's mouth softened and she reached out to pat Tony's arm. "Regardless of which of you actually ended things, you were hurt and quite badly. Otherwise I can't imagine you'd still find this painful so many years later."
"What?" Barnes said when he noticed Tony looking. "I remember the way he used to shout at you whenever he caught you in their garden stealing flowers."
The ride back was swift and quiet. The carriage they took was only really suitable for one driver, but despite Barnes' new bulk, it was easy enough to fit both of them. Goose and Jocasta, from the Stark stables, pulled them along without any trouble. Tony wanted to close his eyes and relax a little, catalog his various bruises, but it was difficult to let his guard down with Barnes right at his elbow.
The Wilsons had been warned of Tony's less than stellar condition, but they were still visibly surprised to see him so bedraggled. They welcomed him inside and urged him to get off of his feet. Miss Wilson was a lovely woman only a few years younger than Tony himself and Mr. Wilson was only a little older. They were both well-dressed and attractive and their little house was tidy and pleasing. Tony could see why the Carters liked to come to visit.
Tony held up his hand. Peter stopped speaking with an abrupt swallow. Tony considered his flushed, upset face. Normally, he wouldn't stop to interfere with the workings of local law, but Peter seemed desperate. And it didn't hurt that this would doubtless free him from the obligation of going to dinner. Two birds, one stone.
"What?" he asked, trying to sound nonchalant. "Why would I care about that? Rogers is pretty to court whoever he likes."
could you mean?"
. But more alive, more focused."
He realized too late that he'd said it to Captain Rogers, and in such a casual aside that it edged into the territory of familiarity. He slouched, trying to look like he'd meant to do it. Captain Rogers, straight-backed and tall, tilted his head, something around his eyes softening just a little.
Tony flinched before he could stop himself. He tried to cover up the instinctive reaction with bluster. He scoffed loudly.
He shrugged, a little uncomfortable. "That should be everyone's first thought."
feeling."
"That's hogwash," he said.
"Tony?" He didn't look at her, keeping his eyes focused on Rhodey's back. He felt her gentle touch ghosting over his cheek. "I'm sorry. I really am."
That woke Tony up quicker than a bucket of ice water. He scrambled to his feet and ignored the way they almost didn't hold him. "What? What happened, what—?"
Pepper looked down at him. She gave a watery smile. "You're going to bully your way into helping out around the place too, aren't you?"
"I think you just gave me the perfect excuse to get out of dinner."
Tony wavered on his feet, black dots multiplying at the corner of his vision until he was truly concerned he would pass out. He kept himself upright just barely.
Tony relaxed in his chair, some of the tension he'd been carrying with him since they'd left Shield Hall sloughing away. Small talk, meeting new people, his messy relationship with Captain Rogers, watching Peggy fall in love with the only man he'd ever cared for - all of it was either confusing or painful. Explaining advanced geometrical equations, on the other hand, he could do in his sleep.
be a shame."
It had been made up, fresh sheets on the bed and all the furniture uncovered. Tony hovered in the doorway, stomach twisting. It was as if he’d never even been away—there were still torn-out book pages tacked to the wall, hasty underlines scratched under the interesting bits. The mangled stuffed griffin Jarvis had given for him on his fifth birthday sat on the trunk at the foot of the bed. All of his books were lined up on their shelves. Tony had never used a filing system for his books, always ordering them by how interested he was in them at any given time. Tony smiled a little. His friends had always hated that, especially—
Strong hands cupped Tony's elbows. "I've got him," Captain Rogers said.
"Oh, yeah?" Rhodey raised his eyebrows. "That's not how Pepper tells it."
"Natasha?"
"Hush."
“Hello?” he called.
choices while we wait."
he could do but endure it.
, Tony.”
your work?" Peggy asked. "Uncle says you attended Cambridge."
Toomes turned a thunderous face onto Peter. "I told you that it was none of your affair, boy."
“Good news, Mr. Coulson?” Tony asked as he shed his cravat and gloves at the door.
Tony laughed, glad that it didn't come out strangled. "How enterprising," he said. "Fury's missed his calling as an overbearing season mama, I see. Next thing you know he'll be marrying one of you off to me."
“By the end of the month, if all goes well.”
Bella offered it to him with a kind smile. “He’s very polite, isn’t he?” she asked. “An upstanding young man. You would never guess that he used to steal our tulips and harass our geese.”
"Neuroscience is light reading?"
Tony sighed, rubbing the back of his neck and trying to straighten out the knot collecting between his shoulder blades. Pepper had told him repeatedly that he didn't need to actually look at the water pump right then and there, but he was hardly going to ignore it after she'd brought up the way the water was hardly dispensing. In the end, it had been a simple matter of tightening some loose screws, but he'd roughed up his clothes and his hands were filthy from mud and grease. He'd need a bath to be anywhere approaching presentable for dinner.
"Did she?"
"Foolish of him. Your cousin is lucky to have someone like you beside her." Captain Roger's voice was warm and intimate. "She is a sweet girl, but I've seen that yours is the character of firmness. If you love her, you'll give her as much of that as you can." Captain Rogers' warmth became a little shy. "My first wish for anyone I'm—interested in is that they should be firm. If you keep that presence of mind, you'll be as happy as an old woman as you are now."
"It's nothing," Tony said, already knowing he was fighting a losing battle. "Just some childhood knick-knacks. Worthless, really."
"Lord Stark." Yinsen crossed his arms over his chest, mouth thinning. "Is there a point you're trying to make?"
"Passing notes, are we?" he asked. "You're throwing over Miss Toomes so easily?"
"Your lord father know about that?"
Tony turned with a scowl to Mrs. Barnes. "I
Tony closed his mouth with a sharp click before he could finish. Barnes' eyes narrowed.
Tony almost laughed. Would he be
"Maybe I'll get lucky and he'll find some reason not to attend."
Tony took his hand. It was small but heavily callused already. They shook three times.
"Travel on them!" Peggy had two spots of color on her cheeks, eyes bright; obviously excited instead of nervous. "You really think that will be something anyone can do?"
Better lighten the mood. He didn't mind people knowing he was a genius but exposing the depth of his own feelings -about anything - was highly uncomfortable. He probably wouldn't have said a word if Sousa hadn't challenged him on a subject he felt so strongly about.
and Harley wasn't going to be the one to help him get around the house. He sat on Tony's bed and told him about Pepper's day and then about his mother, who he'd gone to visit before returning to Shield Hall.
That got a much different reaction than he'd expected - Harley's face crumpled. He bit his lip fiercely but it didn't stop his eyes from welling with tears. Tony told himself sternly that he wasn't allowed to panic because he'd made a child cry. He had to remain calm and cool and in control—
! I’m not a child, Tony. I can take care of myself and this baby. I don’t need you or Rhodey to swoop in and save me.”
Tony almost screamed with frustration. He’d forgotten, in his haste, that he and Sir Fury had never quite gotten along. One little theft of his potatoes made a man bitter for life, it would seem.
Tony stiffened. In his excitement, he'd completely forgotten the others were still with him. He tried to turn, pull away from Rhodey, suddenly embarrassed by the puppyish enthusiasm, but Rhodey pulled him in instead, slinging an arm over Tony's shoulder and tucking him into Rhodey's warm side just like he always had when they were children.
Tony's mouth dropped open, pure outrage overtaking any awkward feelings he might have had around Barnes after their recent encounter.
Tony started to peel his egg. He kept his head down, eyes focused on his task, and hoped he looked calmer than he felt. "Oh? You had a good time, then?"
"You stepped in a rabbit's hole," Peggy observed. "Look, it's well hidden in the grass. We'll all have to be careful moving forward." She leaned down too. "Can you move your ankle? It's firmly wedged."
Tony's smile felt odd and waxen. "I was getting a bit of alone time," he said. "As charming as I am, everyone wants a piece of me - frankly, it's exhausting. But I'm all better now, so I'll leave you two—"
"You can call me Tony, kid," he said. "And It's nothing. Sorry, just—a little tired. Old men like me have early bed-times, you know."
"Mr. Sousa!" Sousa's mouth snapped shut and his eyebrows rose. "Where did you hear all of that?"
Tony reached out and took it from him. It was a small leather-bound thing but it felt much heavier. He resisted the urge to shove it back at Yinsen and run out of the shop before any more talk of responsibility could come his way.
Bella laughed and swatted Tony's shoulder. "
Jarvis’s sharp inhale was as good as a swear. Tony looked down at his hands.
the wine."
Tony blinked. His head was still a little foggy. “Oh,” he said.
He held her wet eyes without blinking. Her mouth narrowed, jaw clenching, but eventually she nodded with one sharp jerk of her chin.
“Sorry,” he said.
That made Captain Rogers blink and some of the bristling tension sloughed off of him. He didn't relax but he did step forward into Tony's space. Tony shivered, a little too aware of the Captain's warmth and breadth. He wished he'd rolled down his sleeves or put on his boots again. He was too damned vulnerable with so many of his layers missing.
i know very little about math but euler's identity came up a lot when i was researching equations for that dinner scene - it describes a way to map out geometrical space, i'm pretty sure. i'm firmly of the opinion that no one becomes tony's friend without learning at least a little bit of science/math.
Tony snorted. "Who
No, he needed a place close by that wouldn’t cause any scandal should he deign to stay there. An idea occurred to him and Tony groaned quietly to himself.
"You're
"Oh, Lord Stark!" Sharon laughed. "Of course
Fuck.
"What are you doing here."
because I did do some basic research, please listen to my infodump: trevithick is one of the early inventors of the steam powered vehicles in Britain - probably most famous for the catch me who can train built in 1808. persuasion is set around this time but I'm giving tony a lot of the ideas and improvements that were made on steam engines much later in the 1800s. also automobiles were largely useless at this time but they WERE something that existed. i like the idea of tony designing faster cars - he's got to get that collection somehow.
The spell broke. Tony looked away, trying to keep his breathing even and his expression indifferent and polite. Bella's eyebrows were raised, which was never a good sign. She wasn't quite as all-knowing as her husband, but she had a nose for secrets that rivaled his. Tony hoped he wasn't blushing as he coughed a little.
Parker blinked. "Um. Yes?"
"You're never going to find someone better than Steve," he said at last. "He deserved more from you, Stark."
“Yet, last I heard you had planned to spend another year at Cambridge.”
"Tones." Rhodey nuzzled his shoulder. "Why can't you just hate him? I do."
“Fury—”
His nervous babble died out as Barnes looked down at him, pale eyes colorless in the moonlight. Tony shivered.
Tony smiled. "Well, then! Let's make it fair. Got any poetry on hand, Sousa? Any line will do."
Pepper considered it. "I won't be able to stay up very late," she warned. "Actually, I might just fall asleep in the middle of everything."
the silly,
The hand patted his back once and then withdrew. Tony felt twenty years older than he actually was as he straightened and looked into Jarvis’s placid face. The sheer stoicism of his expression was almost enough to make Tony smile despite the ache in his gut and the beginning of a headache behind his eyes. Jarvis never had known how to respond to Tony’s emotional outbursts—every time Tony remembered crying as a child, it had been accompanied by Jarvis’s warm hands and utter solemnity.
“You do that,” Tony said. He began to make his way for the stairs, then paused. “You know, I don't think you ever told me their name. The couple, I mean."
As the carriage bumped down the main road to the house, Tony closed his eyes. For a moment, he felt like he was nineteen again, burning with so much grief and rage it felt like he would implode from within. Then he opened his eyes and he was himself again, a man grown, settled into his life and his skin. Tony let out a long breath and resolved silently to conclude this business with the house as quickly as possible. He didn’t like the memories it stirred up.
"Peter!" she cried, only to stop wide-eyed when she saw Tony. "You really brought him!"
Wilson made a little sound. "That's pretty cute, Stark," he said with a hint of a real smile. It softened his face immensely. Tony could understand Sharon's attraction. "Did you ever find any?"
Tony's throat thickened. They'd never learned anything more than basic arithmetic at the spindly little public school they'd had in town. Tony'd had tutors, of course, but he remembered laughing and helping Captain Rogers and the others with their long division.
"It's been a long time, James." Captain Rogers extended his hand. "Sounds like you've done well for yourself."
But Sousa didn't need to hear that and it wasn't his fault, anyway. It was Tony's fault - always had been.
That made Sousa pause. To his credit, he thought it over carefully. "The composition of the line," he said.
"Tony!" Bella said, seeing him over the shoulders of her guests. "Young Mr. Keener tells me you're to blame for our unexpected house guests."
He whisked her away before anyone could protest, beyond relieved to have that confusing conversation with Captain Rogers interrupted. As they got closer, it was easier to make out more details - the handsome, unfamiliar coach parked in Fury's walkway, the bags piled up by the front door, Fury and Bella both out and speaking with—
"Mr. Stark!"
"Perhaps they'll get married now," Peggy said. She sounded thoughtful, a little pleased. "He's been so good to her and her baby. Don't you agree?"
Tony held up his hands. "Just making small talk." He considered Harley's sharp face and proud eyes and shrugged. Well. Honesty wasn't usually his tactic, but if it would make the kid trust him enough to tell him what was going on, he'd use it. "Trying to get you to relax so you'll talk to me."
Sharon colored. "That's not true!" she said. "Mr. Wilson was just kind enough to recommend some books to me, that's all. He knows a great deal of poetry," she added to Tony. "He's very learned! They both are, really."
A man came around the corner. He wasn’t Dr. Falcombe, who had been in his late eighties the last time Tony had seen him—no, this man was much younger and slimmer, dressed in a tidy if patchwork suit, with slicked back dark hair and tiny spectacles clinging to the tip of his nose. His eyebrows rose when he saw Tony.
“If it’s that bad, I’m glad they’ve decided to take on the Manor,” he said. “It will be comfortable for them. And Barnes always did love that master bedroom.”
Sousa's mouth quirked. "A man of science, then," he said. "I guess it's not surprising given your studies. It's a useful subject. But..."
Clearly, he wasn't going to get more out of Barnes. There was nothing else for it - he could hardly ignore Captain Rogers. He forced himself to turn, to look up. Not enough to look into those blue eyes, though; he didn't think he could survive that. Instead, he kept his gaze firmly on Captain Rogers' throat, covered by a neatly tied cravat. He couldn't stop himself from noticing that he was as broad as the gossip implied; someone had been feeding him well on those Navy ships.
“The reason he has an offer at all. The daughter of a spice trader, whose dowry has given him great wealth and deep pockets.”
Bella thumped her husband on the shoulder. "We went and ate in town for lunch," she said. "We'd be happy to give you a ride back, but we've only got room for one or two on the back." She noticed Tony as he limped up to the group and her eyes narrowed. "Anthony Stark, what have you done to yourself this time?"
"Tones," he said in Tony's ear, voice deep and warm and so familiar. Tony buried his face in Rhodey's neck. "It's been too damn long."
him?"
Coulson frowned. “I believe his given name is James, yes. How did you know?”
“I can’t help you,” Tony said with no little frustration. “If this was a train engine, I could fix it in two seconds flat, but babies? Those are outside my expertise. Please let me go get a doctor.”
attendees at the dinner party: sousa, the original howling commandos, the furys, the carters, tony, steve, and the barneses. a full house! the quoted poem is blake's "auguries of innocence" which... was not yet published at the time i'm setting this story (it came out in 1863 but this story, like persuasion is set in 1814/15). that said, i'm not a fan of romantic poets and it was the only poem i liked enough to actually use.
The carriage came to a stop. Tony ducked out before the driver could get the door, freezing when he realized the entire household had gathered to greet him. They were, all of them, entirely new to him except—
Rhodey looked between them and, proving why he was Tony's favorite, visibly decided to follow the change in subject. "Sure, Tones. Let's do Pepper a favor and get rid of it for her, yeah?"
Tony couldn't take it anymore. He scrambled out of Rhodey's hug, ignoring his dizziness as he hurried to his feet. Rhodey just watched. Pepper tried to rise up with him but she had trouble getting in and out of chairs nowadays. She grumbled under her breath, sinking back into her chair.
Tony didn't know what to think about that. Happy had been one of the fixtures of his teen years, a large, grumpy smithy who had let Tony experiment in his smith and given him some more hands-on practice with building things. He'd always thought Happy had been annoyed by the way Tony had continually invaded his smithy to ask a lot of questions, tease him about his crush on the tailor across the street, and generally make a mess of his equipment to build something outrageous.
"Only the tragedies," Mrs. Barnes said. Somehow Tony wasn't surprised to hear it. He put the copy of
Tony rubbed his face. He spent most of the time sitting there trying to convince himself that his heart wasn't beating any faster at all because of Captain Rogers' concern or his warm, warm hands.
Tony’s stomach did something strange. A leap or a drop, some swooping motion that made him quite nauseous.
Tony swallowed. He could feel Barnes and Captain Rogers both watching him. "Well—"
"I'll be happy when your baby comes," Tony said.
Captain Rogers had ducked his head. Blushed a little. “I mean—if it looks like him, you’ll think of him when you see it,” he’d said.
to. It's not like I asked for your wife to wander into the woods and force me to accept a ride back. I would've been fine. I mean, I'd probably still be limping back, but I would've made it. Probably."
“I felt bad for you. You’d lost so many times already—”
But. He chanced a glance at Captain Rogers' face, still and withdrawn and pained. His heart constricted. It had been a long time since he'd thought about the Captain in the aftermath of his mother's death, still a child and grieving so intensely that Tony had feared for a time that he would follow her to the grave. It had taken all of them to help him recover even a little and that pain had still never fully healed. Tony could see it even now.
," Sharon said, obviously unhappy about it. "But you
Harley came to his rescue. He was going to end up owing that kid all kinds of favors if this kept up.
"Euler's identity."
"How did you even know, anyway?" he muttered as she started to wrap the linen around his torso. It wasn't strictly necessary - he was sure he hadn't broken anything - but Bella had insisted on taking extra precautions, citing Tony's extraordinary susceptibility to any ailment known to man. "It's barely seven o'clock."
"You tell him, lad! I've never been one for the maths myself, but I like a good bet."
Parker's eyes widened. "Keep an ear to the ground?
Pepper had always been so clever. "A few hours." He looked away from her. "I don't think I can say sorry enough for what I said, Pepper. I wasn't—my head wasn't on quite straight. Not an excuse. You deserved better from me than that."
"You are." Fury's glare deepened. "And I don't suppose your decision to handle this sudden emergency immediately had anything to do with the dinner you were supposed to be attending?"
"She lives on the edge of town," Peggy said from Tony's other side. "She's one of the only young women in the area, so we've all become fast friends." Her mouth quirked, eyes twinkling. "But are you sure you want to see
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well," Tony said as he began to untether Goose from the carriage. "I should probably thank you." Barnes said nothing. Tony flexed his fingers on Goose's reins. "Not that I
“What’s wrong?” he asked. “What’s happened, are you all right?”
Tony raised his eyebrows. "But?"
“Tony.”
“Pepper?” Peggy asked, brow furrowing. “Do you mean Mrs. Killian? Has something happened to her?”
He stood and stretched, getting refills. Pepper sighed.
"I'd bow, but I think I might fall over," he said, trying to regain his equilibrium. "But I think I can
Something stole over her face, too fleeting to get any more than a faint impression of a deep sadness. Once again, Tony wasn't sure how much of it was true and how much projected for his benefit. She carefully touched one of the books with her fingertip and sighed.
"Oh, but Lord Stark—"
"That's right," Tony said, a little taken aback. He expected to hear his father's name at Cambridge, among noble sons - not so much in this drawing room filled with Navy men. "Have you met him?"
Captain Rogers stared at him, mouth a thin line. Tony winced. Damn, damn, and damn again.
Tony wanted to reel the words back in the moment he said them. It would have been one thing if he'd been able to say them with the appropriate indifferent disbelief, but the hurt cracked right through, too close to the surface to ignore. Heat flooded his neck and he whirled around before the Captain could answer. His mind, usually dependable, abandoned him in his panic and he was left only with the most primitive directives: escape, run, flee.
. What beauty in an equation! Imagine being so blind.
"He didn't crush my heart."
Tony didn’t remember making it to his room—one second he was on the stairs, hearing the name James Barnes for the first time in six years and the next he was sinking onto his bed, struggling to breathe. He gasped on every inhale, chest tightening to the point of pain. His mind was white noise, full of everything and nothing, pulsating with panic.
The door opened. Tony held up the flower in Pepper’s startled face.
He nearly gave the letter back, when he caught the last line before the signature.
“Yes,” the man said. “That would be me. Dr. Yinsen, at your service.”
"About?"
“Stark!”
“Mrs. Killian is asking for you,” Yinsen said.
Tony glanced over his shoulder at the line of waiting servants. “Later,” he said. “For now, introduce me.”
? I don't think—I mean, he's a
, he says." Tony deepened his voice to sound like Rhodey and grinned when it made Rhodey scoff. "Since when do you call me Lord Stark?"
Eventually, he gave up trying to fight it. He made his way soundlessly down the stairs, slipping past the butler with a nod, to the stables. There were plenty of horses tied up inside their stalls, nickering softly as Tony passed them, but he made his way directly for Goose. He needed speed.
Sousa smiled. "I meant no offense, Lord Stark.'
He clicked his tongue and started out down the drive without waiting for Tony's reply. Tony watched until he was lost in the shadows of the trees and rubbed his face, pressing his fingers into his eyes until he saw stars.
Tony couldn't think back on those short, sweet months without his stomach hollowing out. It had been one of the happiest times of his life.
Crossing to the other side of the room, Yinsen began going through his bookshelves. "Then why the sudden interest?"
Tony rubbed hard at his eyes. He took one more look around the library and sighed. Today, he would move into Shield Hall. His effects were already there, saving a trunk he would take with him that had his favorite greatcoat and all of his current projects stashed inside. Bucky and his wife weren’t supposed to arrive until that afternoon. It would only be a matter of hours until Stark Manor was theirs in body as well as legality.
"Suffering," Tony said, glib, and then relented at Mrs. Barnes' pointed silence. "She'll be relieved when the baby's born."
in there. Cheeky little sod. By that little smirk on his face, he knew it, too. Tony scowled at him and crossed his arms over his chest. If Harley didn't believe that he knew what he was talking about, it wouldn't be for long.
Fury made a grumpy sound. "He won't be happy about this fixation you have on engines. Neither will Mr. Stane."
"All my brainpower is being used for something more useful than insulting you," Tony said. He stretched, arms over his head, and sighed with satisfaction at the sharp pop of his joints. His wrist was cramped and throbbing still, but what else was new. Not for the first time, Tony wished for a way to work on schematics that would eliminate the need for paper altogether. "I'm building an engine."
That was an understatement. Tony could count on one hand how many conversations he had with his father before he turned fifteen. Still, curiosity overcame his resentment. What had Barnes told her of his childhood?
"Suck-up," Tony muttered into a pretend cough.
"The dinner being held in the house he's staying?"
Tony grinned and Peggy winked at him, dimpling with a smile.
Tony winced. “The tenants move in tomorrow,” he said.
Tony had just reached the edge of town when he heard the shouting. He turned and offered a little wave to Mr. Parker. The poor boy was flushed, clothes hanging off of him in a wrinkled wreck. He blew his bangs out of his face and beamed at Tony.
Tony could hear the unspoken
“Me? Upset? Why would you think such a thing?”
She laughed. "Cheeky," she said.
After Dr. Yinsen had been summoned and taken a look at Tony's foot (with raised eyebrows over his little eyeglasses, as if wondering how Tony had stayed alive this long) and promptly pronounced him the proud owner of a sprained ankle, Tony had been ushered up to his bedroom to begin his sentence of three days of bed-rest and light walking only for the following week. The Furys hustled around him for a time and Sharon and Peggy came to visit and exclaim over him; he entertained them with his impression of Dr. Yinsen and they chatted about the Wilsons. Harley crept in and scowled down at him, telling him he was an idiot for getting himself hurt
"Deadly so." Sousa's eyes brightened. Tony recognized the look of an enthusiast and braced himself. "Poets express the beauty and sensuality of life. They paint the world around us full of color and meaning - even a blade of grass or a flower can be raised up in verse to something grand and beautiful." Sousa shook his head. "What beauty can be found in an equation, no matter how useful?"
Pepper's own family was long gone, of course; her mother had died when she was a child and it had only been her father and her for years.
"Don't—"
“You,” Fury said, pointing a finger in Tony’s face, “are
“Yes?” Tony was sure his flinch at the name hadn’t been obvious. Not that it would need to be under Jarvis' knowing stare. “And?”
The house was in a flurry of activity as the servants realized they would have some actual tenants for the first time in six years. There was a rush of dusting and mopping and shopping for foodstuffs. Tony organized the setting up of the master bedroom and ignored the pang of nostalgia he felt when his parents' wide, four-poster bed was revealed. He remembered playing hide-and-seek under that bed, jumping on it with his playmates, sleeping in it when the weather turned bad and storms raged through the countryside. Memories seemed to be everywhere in this house—Tony could hardly turn around without running into one.
“Of course I’ll come,” he said. His voice was genial, but he made sure to send an ice cold stare to Fury to let him know how unhappy he was about being maneuvered. Fury tipped his head. “I wouldn’t dream of missing it.”
"He was looking at
"Oh!" Thank God for Peggy, Tony thought as he hurried forward before Captain Rogers could finish whatever he was planning to say. "Look, someone's come to Shield Hall!"
Captain Rogers turned his head. Tony could just see his profile; the sharp nose and curled mouth and sloping brow.
"Please don't."
, I can try to talk Toomes out of this."
"If I wasn't a lady, I'd call that exactly what it deserves to be called."
Pepper’s look told him it was far from over, but she allowed him to distract her. “I’ve told you, Tony, there’s no one. I’ll be fine. The baby’s due soon.”
He reached out and brushed his fingers over the little charm pinned to the top of the box. He’d utterly forgotten about it. Carefully, he unsecured it and held it in his palm. It was a small leaping horse made entirely of silver metal attached to a hoop. Tony was fairly sure it was a necklace charm or something like that, but he hadn’t laughed when Captain Rogers had given it to him so many years ago.
Yes, that wasn’t Barnes at all. He’d always griped about flowery turns of speech and Tony doubted that had changed with his years in the Navy. Probably the wife, then, though why she wanted to pass it off as a letter from her husband was anyone’s guess.
"What is it, Mr. Keener?"
"Stark Manor is right around the corner. We have carriages. You should know that, it used to be your home."
His throat began to clog. He tried to choke the oncoming tears back. He would not cry about this, not again. He'd wasted so many tears already.
"It's good to see you too, Mr. Parker," Tony said, deciding to give the kid a break. "Did you need something?"
“Call it what you want, it amounts to the same thing,” she said. “What are you even
Tony grinned. "You came up to get me, though."
Not that he'd tell the Captain, of course. He'd built up the wall between them for a reason.
“Were you even listening to me?”
"Well, if it means Pepper stops yelling at me for walking too loud or touching her precious crochet—"
"The choice of words more than the image," Farnsworth offered, propping his chin in his hand. "An ugly image can be made beautiful thanks to how a poet describes it, yes?"
and you just noticed. What are you making?"
. Finally, he came to a stop in front of Jarvis, though he kept his eyes focused on the floor.
"Tony. What conditions?"
, Tony."
It didn't truly help, though. Tony urged Goose to run faster. Nothing seemed to help, nothing seemed to purge Captain Rogers from his mind the way Tony wanted. He gritted his teeth against the surge of clenched, unhappy emotion that crushed his chest and Goose entered a full-on gallop. If Rhodey were here, he'd curse Tony for a reckless fool, but Tony didn't care. He needed the wind in his hair, the rush of the trees around him. To feel like he could outrun his turbulent emotions, even if it was only temporarily.
"Wasn't this just a cleaning—" Tony stiffened as Captain Rogers caught sight of the little bundle in the corner. "Oh."
"We'll take our leave." They all turned to look at Captain Rogers at that. Peggy and Sousa were frowning and Tony could see why - the Captain had said it so abruptly it came out pained. "Good night."
"Stark."
“I see! Well, if you knew them so well, surely you must have some stories you can share. Sharon and I have been avid for their tales—no one else in the Navy seems to do anything quite so exciting as those two!’
stealthy."
Tony didn't look but he could see Captain Rogers' head turn out of the corner of his eye. His eyebrows were low and thunderous.
"It's not that far."
Tony frowned at her. “If you live alone, you’re going to over-exert yourself,” he pointed out.
"And?" Tony couldn't look at Sousa, so he kept his eyes on the trees. "Are you still worried?"
next chapter we get to meet even more characters... and maybe even steve. thanks for the comments & kudos so far!
"No, I
"In here, Steve," Mrs. Barnes called out, ignoring Tony's hiss.
“Captain now, J,” Tony forced himself to say as casually as he could. “They both did well for themselves in the war. It’s a wonder—" God this hurt, why did this hurt so much? "A wonder he’s not married already as well.”
“No one’s been hurt so far,” Pepper had said. “But a lot of the travelers going through town are being accosted. The shop owners are starting to worry that the thieves will turn their eyes on the town next.”
Tony smiled back her. “
He stood outside, watching the moon and the dark trees. It was only when he felt like he could breathe again that he took Goose into the stables and set out for the house.
Tony jumped. Mrs. Barnes only turned. Her hand was already coming up to touch her husband's cheek as he seemingly melted out of the shadows. Had Barnes always been capable of creeping around like that? Tony doubted it was something they taught in the Navy.
“You and Captain Rogers—”
That made the Captain turn to look at him head-on. Tony took in his narrowed eyes and straight mouth with confusion. He hadn't exactly expected the Captain to praise him for helping Pepper, but he also hadn't expected this strange—Well. He didn't even know what to call it. He shifted uneasily under the Captain's hard stare.
With an unnerving swiftness, she reached with her free hand and jabbed him in the ribs, precisely over his newly emerging bruise. Tony hissed, curling in on himself as pain blossomed all down his side. How did she even know where to do that?
Tony did not want to talk about this. He stood, shaking his hands and turning away from Jarvis' keen eyes.
"Tony—"
"A strong, steady rhythm, I say." Dugan tapped the table in imitation. "When you can recite it and feel it as you do." At Farnsworth surprised side-eye, he scowled. "I do know
Pepper had refrained from drinking - something about wanting to keep her head clear just in case - but Rhodey nodded seriously, leaning against Tony to try and keep from sliding down onto the floor entirely. Pepper laughed at them.
"He wants to take a hand, Mr. Keener."
"I'm not making any promises," he said.
Tony swallowed. "That long already, huh?" His voice was hoarse and strange. He swallowed again and caught Captain Rogers following the motion, eyes narrowing with a strange intensity. "Well. Um."
"Well—"
"Your father is the magistrate?" Tony asked her.
Parker's nose wrinkled. "I don't feed
“Politeness towards staff is a sign of good character,” Jarvis said. “But you are not simply polite, Master Stark—you are
Jarvis’s expression firmed. “You and Captain Rogers were once very close, Lord Stark.”
“Oh!” Coulson smiled a little. “Beg my pardon, my lord. The family name is Barnes, I believe. Lieutenant Barnes and his wife Natasha.”
Captain Rogers' brow furrowed. "About dinner," he said again. "I wanted to—that is..." He swallowed. "The sword."
Tony took his time getting to his feet again and making his slow, limping way down the forest road. It was a quiet walk and if it wasn't for the pain in his ankle, he might have enjoyed it immensely. When he was a child, he had always escaped to the forest to be alone with his thoughts, taking refuge along the river or amongst the trees. It had always been a private place to him, a kingdom all his own.
"Are you suffering from memory loss?"
"We've been happy to have you come over to the manor to visit," Captain Rogers said. His voice was gentle, a little shy. Tony flinched. "In fact, Natasha was saying just yesterday that she wished you visited more often."
Tony slid down from his horse and dusted off the dirt from the ride from his clothes. He doubted the current magistrate was the same one that had been around when he'd been a child getting into mischief; Tony remembered a sweet-tempered old gentleman who had been more prone to gentle reprimands for any children who got into trouble under his watchful eye. If this new magistrate was hard-tempered enough to bring such a harsh punishment for a petty theft, Tony would have to play up the nobility angle. He made a quick face before he re-schooled his expression; he hated playing the nobility angle.
you!” Tony protested. “Help you!”
"Still skinny." That disapproval was familiar too. Tony had to smile. "What're they feeding you at Cambridge? Coffee and books?"
"Lord Stark—"
?" Harley tried to get himself to stop crying, his voice fierce and furious. He scrubbed his face, scowling. "You're just some lord I've never met. Why do you care if he takes my hand?"
"This must be your family home, then," Sousa continued. "It's a lovely place. You must miss it."
Tony frowned at Fury. "They're interesting," he said. "And streamlining the engine will improve trains for the entire country and make it that much easier for anyone to travel on them. You can call it a service to my country if you like."
They both laughed at that. Tony needed to go, to hide, but he couldn't run now; in just a moment, they would turn and see him. He couldn't bear it if the first time Captain Rogers saw him in six years, he was staring like an idiot, mouth agape and trembling. So, with everything in him, he reached deep for every scrap of the mask he'd perfected over years and years being forced to entertain his parents' friends and then again at university. He pushed every vulnerability below that mask, keeping it well-hidden. He could do this. He
—blow into the handkerchief, there you go—and I had to find out from
“Turns out he went and got himself married,” Tony said. “To a spice trader heiress, no less.” He snorted, allowing himself a little humor. He could remember Bucky always talking about his rich future wife. Prophecy fulfilled. “He would. He was always the pretty one.”
“Don’t flatter yourself, Stark.” They both turned to  find Fury coming down the stairs, glowering and intimidating as ever. Why the man couldn’t invest in some color was beyond Tony; he seemed to live in black. “I’ve only spoken of you to warn my wards off of you. The last thing they need in their life is a menace like you.”
“What?”
"I'm sorry madam," Tony managed to wheeze out. Gods, his side felt like it was on fire. "I don't know you."
Rhodey pinched Tony's neck. "Shut up."
content to turn a blind eye to the suffering of the people here."
"Didn't help
(See the end of the chapter for
"Lord Stark, you must settle a bet for us!"
“Lord Stark?”
Pepper, still humongous and obviously feeling some emotional strain about waiting for the birth, burst into tears when she saw them standing on her doorstep. It put a little damper on the stern talking-to Rhodey had planned to give her and Tony watched, leaning against the kitchen door, as Rhodey hovered over Pepper and tried to comfort her and scold her at the same time.
"Well," Rhodey said. "We can't all be famous naval captains, but I make do." He nodded to the others. "Pleasure to meet you all, but I have something I need to discuss with Lord Stark."
Tony glanced at her, startled out of his complaining. There had been a sly knowing in her voice, at odds with the indifference she'd maintained until now. Tony had really only taken one spectacular fall from a horse before when he was a boy. This whole situation felt a little like that, actually; the fight of the fall, the unexpected rescuer showing up afterward. It was how he'd met Captain Rogers and his mother and, eventually, Barnes himself.
Tony could add two and two to get four. "You think he's being paid to look the other way."
Bella gave him a wry smile. "I'm sure I said the opposite."
"How cruel of you to add insult to injury, Miss Carter," Tony said.
"My goodness," Sharon said, laughing a little. Tony broke off, blinking a little at having his train of thought derailed. "I guess I can believe this is your one true love, Lord Stark! I've never seen you so engaged in conversation before."
"Automobiles!" Harley sounded impressed for the first time. "You know how to make one?"
A firm hand forced his head between his knees. The sudden change in equilibrium made him to gasp and suddenly air could find its way through his lungs again. For several long moments, all he could do was focus on the weave of the carpet below his feet and breathe in and out; too fast at first, and then more steadily. The hand between his shoulder blades didn’t move and its warmth and steadiness allowed Tony to focus his thoughts into something other than the a hurricane of emotion.
make sure to reach us within the hour or we will come back looking for you!" She patted his shoulder. "I would hate for you to be spirited away by roguish thieves!"
He started and winced as pain radiated down his side. "I
"Peggy is pleasant company."
Jarvis inclined his head. “Two housemaids, our cook, and our housekeeper,” he said. “I’m afraid we can’t keep any more considering the house has stood empty for so many years.”
Tony had long resigned himself to being shorter than most men around him. He still huffed, glad to release some of the growing tension in the air.
Tony stretched out in his chair, propping up his leg on the table.
"You wound me," Tony said, affecting a blow through his heart. Peggy laughed. "Is this Mr. Wilson planning to court her anyway? She seems invested."
Peggy flushed. "Oh, well. Captain Rogers just dropped by to see if I wanted to go on a walk," she said. "It's such a beautiful day. We're just waiting for Aunt Bella to fetch her cloak."
He could feel Mrs. Barnes glance at him as he turned quiet, but he hoped the dark hid most of his expression. She was already unnervingly prescient.
The thought of it made Tony’s relief disappear into icy panic. His grip on Pepper’s hand tightened. “You shouldn’t live alone anymore,” he said. “At least until the baby comes.”
"Yeah? And what about today, then? You tensed up like a rabbit the minute you remembered he was there." Rhodey poked Tony hard in his stomach. "Years ago doesn't matter if the hurt's deep enough."
For a moment, he didn't think Toomes would allow it. But then, despite his harsh frown and narrowed eyes, he stepped aside.
when he offered, Peggy!"
“I’m just saying—”
She was quiet for a long time. She took out a book - Tony could tell from the worn cover that it was a treatise on natural sciences, probably one he'd properly demolished during his studies as a child. She put it back without opening it. Tony watched her neat, economical movements, wondering if he'd pushed too far. Barnes wasn't his friend anymore. Tony wasn't owed any explanations about the horrors in his past.
Tony cut him a look. “Last you heard? Heard from
"It's good to see you, sir! I mean, I've seen you before, of course, because you've—Not that I'm following you around or anything!" Parker's face flushed a deeper red and Tony began to smile. "I just mean, you're very noticeable! And you've been in town pretty often, so I've seen you around. Before. Sometimes." Parker's shoulders were nearly to his red ears. "Um."
for!”
"I can't imagine Steve Rogers ignoring you," Pepper said. "He never could when we were children."
Silence. He looked around - understanding was dawning on some of them. Tony smiled.
"Yes?" he asked.
Tony's chest tightened. His body felt too small or the room felt too large. He needed to get out of there, recover himself.
"Oh? Why's that?" Tony wiggled his fingers. "My winning personality and charm?"
"Can't," he said. "Sorry to drop my things and dash, but there are some urgent matters that we need to attend to."
"I don't know what I'll say to him," he said at last. He snorted, a little bitter. "If he'll even want to hear anything I say. I wouldn't blame him if he didn't."
Peggy’s eyes danced with laughter. “That finishing school you tried to send me to insisted that it’s bad manners to ignore someone just because your uncle doesn’t like him.”
Peggy smiled. Tony did not like that knowing glint in her dark eyes, but she did him the courtesy of not saying anything further. Instead, with a gentle pat on his arm, she too turned back to the others.
and his mouth twisted. If only Steve knew.
Bella laughed. "Don't be absurd," she said. "Our bet about which of our lovely nieces will get proposed to first!"
Pepper snorted. "It is good to have a dream," she told him with mock condescension. Tony made a face at her and she laughed, sitting back in her chair. “If it
"I'm pretty sure—"
“So that’s it, then,” Tony said. “I can stay?”
Tony jerked. "No one said I couldn't ride Jericho!" The words were so route he said them without thinking, without pausing to consider it had been some years since he'd had this exact argument with Barnes. "He was my father's horse, why wouldn't I be able to ride him? And he wasn't
Jarvis paused, obviously thinking over his words. “With Mr. Barnes living here, it is almost a surety that Mr.—excuse me,
He gestured and Toomes followed him back into the room, taking in Harley's miserable face with an annoyed grimace. Tony didn't sit and, after a speculative glance, neither did Toomes. They lingered on either side of the table, staring each other down.
Harley shrugged. Tony waited, but that was all the answer he got. Tony considered his bent head and the heavy hand still on the boy's shoulder.
want me to find out about the robbers, Lord Stark? I thought—I mean, everyone's saying—uh—"
said you didn't speak much with him when you were all children."
"Very well," he said. "Lead the way. I'll be back here, trying to find a stick I can escort so I feel a little less left out."
"Why don't you drive Lord Stark home, James?"
Tony gritted his teeth. "I hurt him."
“What’s that? I don’t like the sound of that!”
Tony managed to make it through to the dinner bell with small talk about school and his studies. Sousa offered some of his own anecdotes about his work in the city, where he and the government were trying to instate a centralized law enforcement. It was, at least, engaging enough conversation - Tony was almost disappointed to have to filter into the dining room.
Rhodey kept him close, holding him by the elbows and examining him up and down. "Look at you, all grown up. Never thought I'd see the day."
“Hm.”
Tony's breakfast sat unhappily in his stomach. He carefully drank some more coffee, but it didn't help the sudden nausea.
"It wasn't so much your inventions, marvelous as they were." Sousa braced himself on his cane, examining Tony from the corner of his eye. "He was keen to speak of you any chance he got, that's all."
"Has he been able to recover any of the memories?" he asked, chewing on his lip "Even a few are better than nothing - that's a start to get the rest of them, too. The unconscious is still so new to us, but maybe some of the more radical doctors could—" He stopped, noticing her small smile. "What?"
Tony was heading upstairs with dread curling in his stomach, just about to get himself presentable for the dinner, when Fury's old butler stopped him, face stern.
"If you've room for one, I guess that'd better be me," he said finally with a sigh. "As brave and heroic as I am, this walk back has become too much for even me to handle."
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter nodded so vigorously his hair fell into his eyes. He blew it out of his face impatiently.
A hand caught his elbow before he could make it two steps. The touch was light, easy to break out of, but Tony froze. He didn't look back.
"Did they?" Tony gestured to the lane. "Walk with me. Are you heading for Stark Manor?"
Tony didn't flush out of years of long practice. He'd been told, by more than one person, that he had a tendency to ramble when it came to his passion projects. Carefully, he straightened in his chair.
"What?" he asked, hardly able to hear his own voice over the rush of blood in his ears.
“Maria just said a big blond man,” she said. “I can hardly believe it can be Steve. He was shorter than me for our entire childhood.”
"All set back here, Fury," he said and turned away.
Tony cleared his throat. "As beautiful as this all is, I'm breaking out in hives," he said. "You know I can't do sincere emotion. Have a little sympathy."
“Mr. Coulson,” he said, making an educated guess. He offered his hand, which Coulson took. His eyebrows rose and Tony belatedly remembered he wasn’t wearing gloves—Coulson could probably feel the calluses on his palms. Tony had gotten out of the habit of trying to hide them. “Jarvis said you had business in town?”
Without pausing for breath, Tony went into the usual spiel about the construction of his engine, which would allow more power and take more weight, and how he planned to include a more streamlined combustion engine. He'd spent enough time having this kind of discussion with his peers at Cambridge that it was almost soothing to give the lecture, even if Harley clearly had very little idea of what he was talking about.
,” Pepper said menacingly.
Tony scrambled to his feet, irritation set aside for now. “Is she all right? What happened?”
“I don’t
Peggy's flush deepened. "Lord Stark!" she said. "Nothing like that. The Captain is just curious about how this area has changed since he was last here. Isn't that right?"
"Oh, but you didn't say what you found in the closet." Tony didn't trust Mrs. Barnes' sweet, girlish tone for a second. He didn't think Captain Rogers did either from the quick, furrowed look he gave her. "Lord Stark seemed surprised to find it. I'm quite curious now."
"I've been told more than once I'm terrible at being an earl's son," Tonya assured her, smiling. "Besides, the water pump put up a mighty fight. Clearly it knew I shouldn't be sticking my noble nose where it doesn't belong."
Dinner was, for the most part, lively and cheerful. Tony, sequestered at the far end of the table between Sousa and the mustached man (who had introduced himself as Mr. Dugan and then insisted that Tony call him Dum Dum) had mostly listened as the others exchanged news about various Navy acquaintances and entertained the table with increasingly tall tales about their exploits on the sea.
"I suppose you'd better come with us," Bella said. "Lord, child, how do you do these things to yourself? We'll have to send for Dr. Yinsen to look at that ankle."
I could hate you!”
"You really worried him, I think."
Pepper sighed. “That’s the rumor, anyway. I don’t know if I can trust it. I haven’t seen Captain Rogers since before he went off to sea as a child.”
Tony was going to faint.
"I don't think that will fit either," Mrs. Barnes said, nodding at the little helmet. "Which color were you?"
, in fact, trying to escape seeing your old friends, you'll be happy to hear that Lieutenant Barnes and Captain Rogers decided to accompany us back home after dinner."
"It doesn't." Barnes didn't even twitch. "He's over all of
Tony thought it over. The mere thought of leaving Pepper on her own, with no one around who really cared about her to check on her was enough to make anxiety spiral up and down his body, tightening his stomach and making his chest flutter. Jarvis could check in on her, of course, but with a new tenant, Jarvis was going to be uncommonly busy for the foreseeable future. He would hardly have the time to come by regularly to make sure Pepper hadn’t collapsed again.
"Oh, I see Tony all the time." Tony had to smile at her dismissive little wave in his direction. "I'm much more interested in what you've got to say, Mr. Sousa. Now, tell me, what is
"I would be
He prepared himself to bluster through the evening, but the first man they spoke to - a Colonel Daniel Sousa, sitting in one of the armchairs with a cane over his knees - only looked mildly curious as he stood and shook Tony's hand.
"I don't think I ever learned it," Dugan added. "My tutor learned quick to stop at adding and subtracting."
“Don’t pretend you don’t know it’s being lent,” Tony snapped. “You’ve got your eyes and ears in every corner of this area, you probably knew before I did.”
Fury snorted. “Not this again,” he said.
Pepper and Captain Rogers had once had a three-day-long argument about the outcome of a cricket match; they had always been the ones who'd actually liked the nasty teas Jarvis used to force on all of them; Captain Rogers had gotten into more than one fight with a town boy who had pulled on Pepper's braid and called her a nasty name. Strange how a friendship like that could be swept away by time.
"Well." Sousa shrugged, smiling a little. "I've yet to see as much beauty in, say, mathematics as I have in any single line of Byron."
"Sure, kid," he said. "That's exactly it."
"An excellent time," Peggy confirmed with quiet satisfaction. "Mrs. Barnes was the perfect host."
"Okay," she said. "I won't tell him. But I still think you should."
Tony had no idea what Barnes thought of him anymore, but if Captain Rogers was going to be there, his presence would doubtless only put a damper on things.
Tony knew that his father wasn't likely to approve of any of Tony's plans. That just made him all the more determined to find a way to carry them out.
"I'll take a quick rest," he said. "I can meet you later down the road."
"What is it?"
The Barnes of old would have rolled his eyes, maybe given Tony a bit of ribbing for the weak joke. This new Barnes just continued to stare, unreadable as stone.
“Surely you can tell me if she’s recovered, though!”
A shadow in front of him. Tony turned and nearly stumbled as he met Captain Rogers' blue eyes.
“That was a justifiable concern,” Tony said, loud to cover up the awkward silence. “I am
Her honest insult would have ordinarily made him laugh - it was always a breath of fresh air to find people who didn't simper just because Tony was an earl's son - but considering the things he'd overhead over the past few weeks it actually landed a blow.
"I'm not the hero type, doctor," he said helplessly. "You're trusting the wrong guy."
Captain Rogers' voice was curiously flat. Tony strained to see more but it wasn't really possible.
Sousa's eyebrows rose. "Cambridge? What do you study there?"
"I see." Tony knew he sounded sharp, but he couldn't quite keep it from his voice. The price for that amount of food was something he wouldn't have even noticed spending - to condemn a boy so young for it was grotesque. "Mr. Keener. Peter tells me your mother is ill."
asked him not—” Tony stopped. His heart squeezed and he felt like the smallest man alive. “You really hate me that much?” he asked quietly.
She knew. She had to. Why else would she zero in so quickly on what Tony was most afraid of? Either Barnes or Captain Rogers had told her. Or she had amazing intuition.
Tony froze, a little startled by the size of the group. While the invitation had mentioned there would be others there, he hadn't know it would be this large a party. Fury, sequestered near the door, clapped him on the shoulder.
for no real reason, had rejected him on the most superficial of grounds. Why should he harbor any positive ideas of Tony's character, knowing its flaws as intimately as he did?
Tony made a mental note to look into hiring more servants. Stark Manor was large—depending on the tenants, they could probably use a full household. He inclined his head to the ones standing by the door; two young women, a scruffy man, and an elderly woman who had to be the housekeeper.
"You are the
Mrs. Barnes patted his forearm and left to go to her husband's side. Barnes spoke to a man in a raggedy coat with a full moustache. Several more men, some accompanied by their wives, were scattered throughout the room, all of them with the rough look of Navy seamen.
to keep running into him? Please. If he keeps out of my way, I'll keep out of his."
Rhodey reached out and took Tony's hand between his warm, callused palms. "Tony?"
"We'll have to have dinner again soon since Tony missed this one."
and everyone could tell that his tendre for Captain Rogers would ignite into a flame at any given moment, with even the slightest hope. He felt stupid and ridiculous and angry - at Captain Rogers, for choosing to flaunt his new courtship right under Tony's nose, at Barnes for telling him to butt out when Tony was doing everything he could to do so regardless, and, most of all, at himself.
Of course not, Tony wanted to tell him. Even though it hurt, even though he knew it would never change anything between them, there was always going to be a part of him that desperately wanted to be around Captain Rogers. But Barnes would just go and tell him that and the last thing Tony wanted to reveal just how deeply he'd taken the blow of their fractured relationship. Better if Captain Rogers thought he was also indifferent than to show any weaknesses that might be used against him.
"Knave," Captain Rogers shot back, but he smiled. He turned to them, still carefully keeping his eyes on Peggy. "We'd be happy to join you. He lives in town?"
"Actually—" Dr. Yinsen sighed and Tony grinned. He
"Why not?"
Peter looked wide-eyed and horrified and Tony tipped him a wink behind Toomes back. Peter blinked but relaxed a little as Toomes led him out and closed the door behind them.
"Depends on the magistrate," Fury said, unmoved. "So you intervened. Of course."
"And what is that, exactly?" Peggy asked.
"Euler pushed some fundamental math concepts together - that should never have worked. It should have been meaningless gibberish. But it
Tony woke to the taste of death in his mouth and Rhodey pulling urgently at his shoulder. "Tones. Tony!"
There was no path other than what had been made by the constant flow of visiting feet. Most of the headstones were covered in moss, the names slowly being chipped away by the elements. Tony passed a few names he recognized but  didn't stop until he reached the far left corner, where a plain headstone, newer than the others, rested under the shadow of a great oak.
Tony threw himself into his work and Pepper for the next several days. He always left Shield Hall early in the morning for Pepper's little cottage and she indulged him, letting him basically move in. Harley came with him most afternoons and did the chores around the house without complaint. If he finished early, he nagged constantly at Tony to tell him stories from Cambridge or explain more about his engines or show him how to do this or that. Tony didn't mind indulging the boy, no matter how many amused looks Pepper gave him and they spent more than one long afternoon with their heads bent together over a little bit of petty machinery.
"Tony!"
originally i was going to trundle steve and bucky off to the naval academy, but further research revealed that it was looked down on by the navy during its time. the more you know! steve and bucky both were not likely to get on a ship without someone to speak for them - howard filled that role and got them a berth on a good ship.
“What—?” He gaped at her. “I know we didn’t part the best of friends, but surely you could have mentioned you were with child! Damn Rhodey, why didn’t he say anything?”
She wasn't at all what he'd expected from Barnes' wife. And why was she out in the forest by herself after dark?
Tony felt like he was in a glass cage that was steadily getting smaller and smaller. He felt like he was walking around like the town idiot with a sign around his neck saying
Tony had wondered if his father had just forgotten he’d had a son. It had certainly felt like that during Tony’s childhood, when his parents were in London more often than not, with Tony left behind in the country house. It was only when Tony turned sixteen that his father had begun to pay him any attention, and considering how that had all turned out, Tony had been almost relieved to have lost it again.
"Oh!" Peggy looked between them. "I'm so sorry! We didn't see you at all."
"Captain," he said, glad that it came out evenly. "It's been a while. I hear you're the terror of the seas nowadays."
The hedge was thick and healthy, but there were some porous spots where the light shone through. Tony inched forward, pressing an eye to one such opening. It wasn't easy to see, but he could make out part of Peggy's dress and Captain Roger's back.
Parker stared. Tony raised his eyebrows, a little unnerved by the kid's bright eyes.
Tony smiled through the throb of pain. “That’s him,” he said. “Got himself married to a wealthy heiress, lucky sod.”
"Lord Stark!" She took his arm as he came through the gate, steadying him. "We were all wondering if you were dead in a ditch somewhere."
Jarvis’s sigh was deep and long-suffering. Tony was surprised at how nostalgic it made him feel. “I find that university has not given you any respect for propriety, Master Stark.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Lord Stark? Mr. Coulson said—Lord Stark!”
"Out for a morning stroll?"
He managed to keep up a stream of chatter for the better part of a half-hour. Most of it was shop-talk; it wasn't like he had a personal life nowadays. He carefully skirted his feelings about Captain Rogers and their falling out.
Barnes blinked. "I—"
It was only after getting Lucy and Harley settled, safely tucked away in his own bedroom, that Tony allowed himself to press his face into his pillow and yell.
Tony bit the inside of his cheek. "You didn't answer my question, you know."
writing a period-appropriate nat was both fun and challenging. i didn't actually expect this chapter to keep growing on me like it did. i promise we won't be doing all angst all the time, though I do enjoy torturing tony.
"It was always your ideas to go into the petunia bushes and pick some!" Imagine accusing Tony of his own crimes! The fiend. "He wanted to hand them out to the pretty girls in town," he confided to the Wilsons in a low voice, throwing in a wink. "A charmer at any age, our Mr. Barnes."
Decided, he nodded to himself and increased his pace, changing direction slightly. He deliberately forced himself to think only of the next step forward and not of Pepper, still in pain and waiting for him.
Tony blinked innocently. He could see Peggy stifling a smile out of the corner of her eye, ducking her head so that her expression was hidden behind her gently curled hair.
Stark Manor came into sight after only five minutes. Tony hadn't realized he'd crossed so far in the woods; his manor stood on the opposite end of the forest than Fury's. He must have been out for much longer than he'd thought; it had to be approaching ten o'clock, at least, if not later.
"You're baiting the tiger, Mrs. Barnes." He wagged a finger at her. She drank with a hint of a smile, clearly unrepentant. Tony turned to where he knew the staff waited in the wings, ready to step in and found Jarvis, already watching him with a solemn mouth and amused eyes. "Quill and paper, Jarvis?"
"He's very nice."
"My lord, it really is not—"
"Good morning," Captain Rogers said to Peggy. He didn't look at Tony. "Natasha sent us to see if you'd be interested in tea at the manor, but it sounds like you're already planning a visit elsewhere."
If he was lucky, that would be their only real interaction. He would escape without seeing him again and he could put this whole thing behind him at last. But Tony's luck had never been particularly good.
"Hello, Fury!" Tony gave a frivolous wave and delighted in the way it made Fury's eye twitch. "I've found you some more house guests! Shield Hall will be filled to the bursting by the time I'm through with it."
"I heard the most awful rumors about Mr. Killian, even though Pepper never said a word against him," Peggy continued. "Lord Stark's a little odd, but he's been so kind to Sharon and me. He's going to make someone a good husband."
And yet, how was it, Tony thought a little hopelessly, a name still had so much power over him after six years? How was it just the mere thought could be enough to reduce him to this quivering wreck? How long would it take for Tony to face his memory with indifference?
Tony scowled. He both admired and disliked the Captain's direct boldness. It left him with no wiggle room, nothing he could do to avoid this whole conversation. Damn him.
Fury snorted.
"Excellent! There's no time to lose!"
Sousa looked flustered for the first time. "Oh. Well." He threw Tony a slightly desperate look. "Wouldn't Lord Stark be more suited—"
His father would be horrified, Tony thought. A lowly Navy man, not even an Admiral, and the daughter of a tradesman, no matter how wealthy? He’d go out of his mind to know such people lived in the ancestral home of the Starks. Tony smiled at the thought of it. Well, if his father couldn’t be bothered to come out to the manor to oversee this himself, he deserved what he got. And there were worse people to hand over his childhood home to.
Captain Rogers' brow furrowed. He'd heard Tony complain enough about botany to recognize how unlikely it was that he would ever spend his free time explaining tree breeds to someone - or even know enough about them to have anything to say on the subject in the first place. But he didn't call out Sousa's lie, only gave him a sharp look. Peggy, clearly noticing something even if she didn't know the specifics, looked between all three of them with steadily rising eyebrows. Her mouth firmed.
“Excuse  me?”
His stomach chose then to gurgle, thankfully. Tony could have written odes to it. Who needed a brain when you had a stomach to get you out of awkward situations?
"The rumors that your father was working with the robbers."
“His brother?” Peggy asked.
"Um. Not really, I guess? Harley thinks they're living in the woods but
"I don't think I even remember what an imaginary number is," Sousa said wryly.
"If you see any eligible ones, point them out to me, will you?"
like to have a little get-together," she said. "Tony visits all the time but he never talks about anything interesting."
"He wasn't wrong." Tony swallowed, looking down at where Rhodey had his hand instead of at their faces. "Obie, I mean. He said Captain Rogers would go off to war and there was no guarantee he would come back. He could go out there and—and." He gritted his teeth. "Obie said Howard never would fund Cambridge if I married against his wishes. I could never afford it without him."
"I can drive him or you can," she told her husband without a hint of regret at further hurting a wounded man. "Which would you prefer?"
They both looked at Mrs. Barnes. She smiled, but it wasn't particularly sweet.
above it. The captain was saying something, but the letters are all jumbled together and make no sense. Tony had guessed then, and had it confirmed, that it was Steve’s best guess at the spelling for the Chinese word for hello.
"Your father and Mr. Toomes will not help. I can collect evidence, support the victims of their greed, but no one will listen to me."
"—very pleasant, isn't he?"
Tony's walk back to Shield Hall was quiet, contemplative. He stopped near the river for a little while to rest his ankle - mostly better, but too tender to walk the three or so miles back without a break - and took a look at the books Yinsen gave him. Some were excellent overviews, others complete hogwash. Tony didn't even really know what he'd do with them but he'd always found it settling to tackle a subject he knew nothing about. The journal, he ignored. He would check that later.
"It's a pretty little equation." Tony spoke up to distract everyone's attention. No reason for them to learn the real place Captain Rogers learned advanced geometrical equations from. "The basis is that
He knocked again. His concern worsened when he heard a thump from inside and a pained noise. He opened the door before he could stop to think why it might be a bad idea, rushing into the house. There was a single candle lit on the dining room table, with dishes half laid out. Tony frowned at them—it looked as if Pepper had stopped in the middle of preparing for her own breakfast. Another thump sent him to the back rooms of the house.
you, I can
Pepper shot Tony a betrayed glare over Rhodey's shoulder. Tony held up his hands in surrender.
Rhodey's grip tightened, his expression mutinous. "I can call him what I want.
Even the thought of the Navy was enough to send a pang of hurt through Tony’s belly. Gods, could he never be free, even during idle conversations?
“—coddling, busybody nonsense—”
"That's kind of you."
wouldn’t be far behind. If he arrived before Pepper’s baby was due, they were bound to run into each other, perhaps even be forced to socialize. Could Tony stay, knowing that awaited him?
"Yes."
That evening, he distracted himself with work. His professors had all but cried at hearing he was taking a semester off, but Tony had no intention of falling behind on his studies or his projects. He’d taken as many books and papers as he could pack, as well as the current drafts of his latest invention. Being able to pull it out and sink into the focus of designing machinery was a blessing after  the past few days. By the time he realized the candle had almost burned itself out, Tony had managed to put aside the little voice whispering in the back of his ear about Barnes and Steve Rogers.
Pepper’s mouth firmed. “London? But—”
curious," she said. "What's in there?"
The ladies laughed at him. Barnes scowled, but that seemed to be his modus operandi these days. Tony didn't look at Captain Rogers.
"Under your protest, Uncle," Sharon said.
They'd probably be more shocked about where he was going. It had been a long time since he'd visited the county cemetery, but he still remembered the way. It was barely ten minutes from town in a wide, green space protected on one side by the forest and the other by a low stone wall. Tony parked outside of the gates and carefully climbed out of the carriage, ignoring the throb in his still tender ankle.
Captain Rogers and Peggy. Tony was obscured from them by the hedges, but he could hear them quite clearly. He knew he should call out and let them know he was there, but he froze instead. His ankle throbbed, but he didn't dare shift for fear of them hearing him.
"He used to pick up after me whenever I got into scrapes as a child. Instinct must have taken over."
"Well," he said to the headstone. "It's been a while, but not much's changed. I never did grow those last few inches you insisted I would and my hair is as wild as ever." He thought. What else would she like to know? "I'm doing well at Cambridge. Top grades of my year. Beat out that little pissant Justin Hammer - you'd have hated him, he's got that weaselly look. If he's not in the papers for murdering his wife in cold blood, I'll throw away my fortune and live on the streets. But that's not—" He sighed and leaned back, resting his weight on his hands. He normally didn't have much trouble finding things to say. "One of my professors is very interested in the new kind of steam engine I'm working on, but there's a lot of work to be done on the design. I'm having some trouble with the rotating pistons—"
