, Steve decided, the shadows of his doubts and fears chased off in the light of this glittering world. Tonight he would tell Tony the words he had only ever implied. Tonight, if Tony would let him, he would move his pillow to the same end of the bed, and lie cheek to cheek with him. He would kiss him, and let the world be damned.
'What?' Steve asked. He noticed Tony was shivering, and struggled to his feet to fetch his coat from where it was draped over the rail of the steps. Tony got cold easily these days.
'For seeing Peter. He was really pleased.' Steve's gaze was fixed on his lap, where his hands were balled into fists. Tony hesitated.
'It's weak, Shield will get it. Don't worry.' Steve brushed his hair aside, trying to see the cut. Peter kept struggling.
‘I did, but it was just dinner. I won’t be seeing him again.’
Tony shook his head, getting loose from Steve's hand and burying his face into his knees again. 'Don't want him,' he said. 'I just want you.'
said it, when he had been texting Peter about brain chemistry. Then Peter realised he maybe shouldn't have said that, because it probably wasn't very nice to tell someone someone else had called them a hack. Mr Osborn just looked like Peter had told a great joke.
It reached his chin, his mouth, his eyes and ears, swallowed him up, and then Tony understood.
'One result, sir,' Jarvis said, pulling it up on a holographic display near Tony's elbow. Tony looked at it, eyes widening. He'd just struck gold.
‘I think you’re overestimating the complexity of what you can say with flowers,’ Steve said. He desperately wanted to ask exactly what Tony had done to this car, but it seemed rude to. It was stereotypical of him, but Steve couldn’t visualise Tony working on cars at all. He always imagined mechanics looking like, well, his friend Bucky; who was working in a garage that summer. Tony looked like the sort of guy who should be lazing by the pool, or designing interiors, or something. Still, Steve stored this little nugget of information away like a dragon jealously guarding his hoard. He wanted to know everything about Tony. He just didn’t know how to ask.
laboriously written out by hand, with different coloured felt tips used for the speech of different characters, because Peter thought he was probably bored. Tony read the whole thing.
'I'm sorry, it's just this bird, it keeps trying to go back there, I think the other one must be it's mate or something, I'm just trying to get it far enough away!'
As far as Steve was concerned, though, he still had two arms, one good and one serviceable, and that was one more than the surgeon would have left him with. It was all thanks to Tony, and Steve loved him all the more for it, even if, on occasion, he'd catch Tony eyeing it with heavy guilt. The man was a perfectionist. He couldn't see that it was only thanks to him that Steve had an arm at all. He only saw it's shortcomings. Tony wore that expression now.
The words needed to be said. Stark looked downright furious. Steve could see the tendrils of the strange, almost-lifelike flightsuit beginning to roll up Stark's neck again, coming up above the line of his shirt.
he promised someone in his head. Maybe Tony Stark.
'I've done nothing,' Stone said, furious. 'Your friend here is just throwing his weight around, trying to impress the girl.'
'I thank you,' Thor beamed back. 'And how was yours, Sheriff? Another avalanche of ne'er-do-wells, bandits and thieves to defeat and bring to justice?'
'But what if it hurts someone?!'
'Peter.' He sounded exasperated, but pleased and definitely not mad.
'...but we aren't at a wedding.'
The doorbell rang. Steve hauled himself off the couch and slowly dragged his disobedient body to answer the door.
The spiral of pleasant, panicky thoughts was stopped abruptly when Stark breezed in, looking, as usual, as if he owned the place. The discomposure that Steve had seen in him last night seemed impossible to imagine now, as he strolled in, obviously completely certain that Peter would be fine, calmly carrying a balloon in the shape of Lightning McQueen.
'Are you really? Bisexual?' Tony asked, after a second.
Howard hadn't cared when Tony had told him, but Jarvis had been proud and even a little impressed. The school took boys aged 8 to 18, and as it was so small groups were decided on ability rather than age. Tony had joined the school aged 9, and been placed in science with a group that was mostly 11-13 year olds. Within a week he'd been put in the top set with the brightest of the graduating 18 year olds and a scattered handful of younger high-fliers, and after a few months he had been put into what they told his dad was 'self-study'. It basically meant that Tony alone of all the boys in the school was allowed to use the lab unsupervised and for his own research. It was his favourite place on earth. He was never allowed to use the lab at home, but here he had free reign. He had Meredith to thank for that, too.
‘Yeah, and then you smashed my window so you owe me for that,’ Stark shrugged, settling himself onto the couch to wait. ‘Anyway, this is for your benefit. Have you even left the house since you brought Pete home? You need to get out, so does he. He’s not dead yet.’
(Definitely suitable for tonight.)
He had never been so glad to see the blue of the summer sky, the green of the grass, that meant this was Earth. More than that, it was a place he knew; a park not far from the site of their original HQ. The ship must have advanced cloaking devices to hide somewhere so central.
At the bottom of the card was the pressed head of a red rose – for love, Steve remembered, definitely love – and on each of the petals, in delicate ink, was the digit of a phone number.
Steve frowned. 'Really? Do people often use their homes for villainous kidnappings?'
Peter hesitated, and then his head twitched ever so slightly, the closest thing to a nod he could manage. Tony started unhooking Peter from the various machines and IVs, leaving only the breathing tube. He didn't want anything else getting pumped into Peter's system at the same time as the cure when he wasn't sure how they would mix.
. Peter's tummy, which was still tingly, now felt all queasy as well. People had died here.
Tony sighed deeply, and allowed himself to slither off the step completely. 'You're going to be the death of me, Margaret Carter.'
'Steve...'
'So retire,' Tony had said, completely unsympathetic when Steve had voiced the feeling to him one lunchtime. Tony came by most days now around one, to share in coffee and whatever vittals they had going. Seeing how much better he looked, how much more relaxed he was, made everything else worth it. Steve would have born anything to keep him this near to carefree, with the blue ribbon on his lapel now tattered and frayed, not changed once since Thor had arrived. 'Come on, Sheriff,' he said, wheedling. 'We'll get a couple of chickens to keep you busy, go grey together drinking coffee on the porch. Doesn't that sound better than staying here to be constantly upstaged by Deputy Handsome?'
(Steve had to be careful not to slur his speech when he was sleepy or ill, or if he did, to make sure he moved his arms. Just to reassure Tony everything was fine.)
He had explained it all to Peter. How Mr Stark had made some new medicine for him, and it seemed to have made his lungs and heart stronger and work properly, but because nobody else had ever had the medicine before they needed to make sure it hadn't done anything it wasn't supposed to. Peter asked where Mr Stark had gone, and his dad had given one of the non-answers adults gave when they thought things were too hard for kids to understand, and had changed the subject. Peter just hoped Mr Stark was okay. He had saved Peter's life. And his dad used to say Iron Man wasn't a hero.
'Where's Steve?!'
'Good. Is there anything you'd like to talk about today?'
'So, am I free to go?' Stark had asked, that night.
'So, sometimes it can happen the other way round, too. It can look like someone is doing something good when really it's something bad. The medicine Mr Stark injected you with is really dangerous. Why don't you let me show you?'
'That is never going to happen,' Steve said, continuing with his work.
'Whatever you want,' Steve said, in the most authoritative voice he could, 'We aren't doing anything until you let Stark go.'
'If it helps,' Steve added, looking at the glinting jewellery on Tony's finger. 'I really did buy you that ring.'
'It's Rhodes,' Steve said, looking at the caller ID and holding it out to him with apologetic eyes. 'You told them only to call if it was an end-of-the-world scenario.'
Those nights when Steve had been forced to throw him in a cell, they talked and talked, and oftentimes it didn't even make any sense, but it was enough to intrigue him. Something about Tony had drawn him in, convinced him that there was more to the soak than everyone thought. Gradually, they began to talk the morning after too. Then Steve got to know his habits a bit better and started being able to track him down before he got drunk enough to turn criminal. He'd drag Tony out of whatever saloon he'd found him in, walk him home or back to Steve's little room, and they'd play chess or checkers until Tony either sobered up or fell asleep at the table.
'I've told you before,' Ty took one hand off Steve's collar to shove Barnaby away. 'I don't care what you say, you're mine.'
'Yeah, but, come on, there must be something else we can-'
Bucky looked at him in bemusement, then pointed back at the curtain where The Diva could just be seen ushering a group of female patrons inside. Steve felt his mouth fall open. All the years they'd been coming here, he'd never connected the fabulous African-American lady on the door with the quiet, studious boy that used to sit behind him in home room. If they'd taken a vote for
'What's the last thing you remember?'
'It's...' Peter trailed off, worried, and Tony's brain began to throw out various panicky explanations.
They'd wound up in a late night diner. It was the opposite situation to the bar; here Barnaby was the regular and Steve was the first timer. Barnaby had barely stopped talking, a nervous babbling that Steve found adorable. He waxed lyrical about the pancakes, the waffles, the hot dogs, but especially
Stark said nothing, watching Steve with an incredulous expression. Steve took this as a sign that he ought to continue.
and how Steve
. Yes.
Peter knew he had to stay on the bed, but all his toys and birthday presents were in the locker across from his bed. He lay down on the very edge and stretched as far as he could across the room. He didn't get anywhere near.
Some part of him, some part that hadn't been totally overwhelmed by Venom, must have known it was wrong to turn Jarvis' personality off in the first place, because he hadn't deleted it or removed it altogether. It was still there, just waiting to be turned back on. Tony did so. Silence reigned.
The restraints were starting to budge.
'You look terrible,' Steve continued. 'What happened?'
'I didn't really think about it,' Tony shrugged. 'You?'
'Okay, maybe that's enough wine,' Steve said, going to take the glasses. He was probably right, but the phrase reminded Tony of an anecdote, which made him laugh again, and then he had to explain about the time at MIT when he had been trying to impress a girl by 'dyeing' the carpet of his room with red wine. The worst part was he had been almost entirely sober as he poured out bottle after bottle, complaining about how the wine didn't seem to obey the laws of fluid mechanics because it didn't spread properly, and just pooled strangely in the corners.
'Ah,' Thor said, sounding genuinely disappointed. 'Still, festivities are equally important as justice. And, um, licenses are a kind of justice, if you... if you think about it..' he cleared his throat, clearly no more convinced by this than anyone else.
ran a yearly special on it. He always had a theme and went all out to turn his home into a festive retreat; sometimes classy, sometimes gaudy, elegant, tacky, retro, modern, real, synthetic, he had done it all. One thing he did not do, however, was
Steve’s heart was hammering so hard it was stopping him from thinking straight. He took a deep, shaky breath. If he freaked out Peter was going to get scared, or think he was in trouble. Steve tried his best to keep his voice steady.
Steve looked round at his friends, feeling a warm appreciation settling in his stomach. Bucky, Sam, Natasha and Clint were all there, even though Clint had never been in school early enough for a pre-class hang out ever before. Peggy wasn't there, of course. Her exchange trip had finished at the end of last semester and she was back in England. He'd seen pictures of the going away party they had thrown her and thought he almost remembered it, but it didn't seem quite real. He half expected her to be there, tutting at him and upbraiding him for being so dramatic. Peggy, he figured, was the reason he kept finding himself looking for someone else even as his friends started to fill him in on all the gossip he'd missed. Steve did his best to listen.
'Great, if that's all it is. But, you know, it's always been Thor and Dr Foster. It's kind of hard to picture him with anyone else.'
was cleaning up after you all the time?'
'I'm not telling you anything!' He roared. Mr Osborn growled in frustration and went to stamp on him like a bug, but Peter rolled out of the way. And even though his stomach hurt and his shoulder hurt and he felt sick, Peter got to his feet and was running for the door before Mr Osborn even turned around. He grabbed the handle and wrenched as hard as he could, and the door
Feeling emboldened, Steve asked, 'Uh... well, you probably guessed these aren't for me. And I've never done this before. Does she need anything else?'
Steve sucked in his cheek. 'You remember I was in hospital last July?'
'I just don't get why you're so tied to this, especially if his family is so awful,' he said. 'There has to be another way.'
'Nope,' Tony agreed, because while he liked the aesthetic of them, he imagined that would soon wear off when dealing with feeding, and poop, and trying to keep that magnificent plumage clean. 'So, did it at any point in this process occur to you that maybe I'd like some time to enjoy being engaged? That maybe I'd like to have a role in planning my own wedding?'
He fell to his knees beside Barnaby –
‘Really?’ Tony said. ‘You’d think they’re a bit, you know, too pretty for that.’
Steve wasn't sure how long it had taken, or, indeed, exactly what had happened. Tony had removed the bullets, and repaired the shattered bones and ligaments with metal rods and wires and hinges before sewing him shut again. No-one had been sure if it would work, especially when Steve had spent the next month fighting fever and infection. He didn't remember much about that time, except for the sound of Tony singing on that first night.
was the one who had gotten caught up in his work and forgotten.
Steve scowled. Bucky was right, of course, he was on multiple medications that did not mix well with alcohol; but at this point how much sicker could he really get?
'Follow me,' Steve said, and, holding his shield up in front of him, barrelled through, knocking anyone foolish enough to approach away like skittles. Tony followed, awestruck, firing off the odd blast here and there where the enemy tried to close in behind. It was sort of fun, this hero thing.
yell out your tactics for your opponents to hear. He was more glad of it than ever, though, when it meant he got to bear witness to the moment, mid battle, when after long years of courting, Tony Stark finally proposed to the Captain.
"One more question, Mr Stark, there has been a lot of concern about you and your husband adopting. Such young children, when your line of work isn’t the safest, aren’t you worried by having these children in your care, you and your husband are putting a target on their back?" The room goes deadly silent after that.
“yes.” from his neck. Rhones burst into laughter.
Making her what social workers call a
“So, this is the little princess you been telling me about.” His voice is warm, eyes soft has, he looks at the small little blonde girl hiding from him. Tony grins,
Guiding peters hand to grab onto his blazer instead of his hair. Gently tucking peters head under his chin has he lefts the boy up into his arms.
"Tony, where did you get to." A deeper stronger voice calls. Mr Starks head immediately turns in response.
"We will talk about this later...when we have both calm down..." he keeps his voice low. He Leans up for a kiss.
As the week went on Tony got more and more frustrated, feeling like he had no Control over the situation. Or what people were saying about his family. He ended up telling Steve he was calling a press conference to end it once and for all.
“I’m sure all parents worry about their children safety. It comes with being a parent! Also, me and my husband have spoken about this many times and it’s something we both take very seriously" his voice is deadly.
“who might date my children – don’t forget who their fathers are. Or that I have a great head shot.” still grinning cockily.
Peters pulls at his sleeve hard just nodding back. The two men find peters shyness adorable, giving them a change from the kids they had just meet who were less well-mannered and or rude and demanding more than anything.
Tony had just been so on edge after the other kids, he was so taken back by how lovely Peter seemed to be, that the first sign of something he thought was nastiness set him off. Now he had gone and made a mess out of everything. The first child he actually can’t take his eyes off and he makes him cry within minutes.
Pulling at his sleeve nervously he looks down to his feet and back up to the now sweetly smiley man in front of him. He’s about to open his mouth.
But still goes and pulls her coat on, Tony smiles walking out he slips his own shoes and a jacket. Getting his Phone out sending a text to Rhodey. “I’m popping around with Leila see ya in 10 Rhodes” He doesn’t bother reading his response because whether Rhodes likes it or not. Tony is coming around with his baby.
But peter seems to be wrapped up tightly in his own world of pain. Not taking anything in.
“So then, how’s it being an iron-dad?” He jokes, giving Tony a little punch on the arm.
“Friday, take us to garage floor,” Tony mumbles to Friday, to busy watching Leila struggle to get her hood off now the doors are close. He holds his breath trying not to laugh at how adorable she looks getting frustrated with her own coat.
. Completely bewildered by what is happening.
Peter can't believe his stupid luck! Smacking into on other than tony stark himself! The person he has admired for has long has he can remember. What on earth is he doing here of all places? He tries desperately think of what to say has a billion things run through his head all at once.
"It's okay ... please don't cry." desperation in his voice. Has he tries to think of what to say to this now crying child.
Peter feels his cheeks burning. Knowing he must be a dark shade of red now.
Smiling at her now messy hair. Gently smoothing it down with his hand.
“Don’t worry she is a little shy.” Tony insures him with a pat to the shoulder, walking past his friend into the living room.
He takes in peters small appearance. Smooth peach skin, curly chestnut hair and those big brown eyes that could melt anyone's heart.
"I-I'm s...sorry hic..." He cries, struggling against Tony's hands when trying to reach for his hair again.
“Don’t twist my words or this press conference will be over!” He deadly threatens. They can go to hell if they think the next big thing in the papers is going to be…
"Shut it! Steve!"
Oh… yes, he definitely likes the sound of that.
His lips pull into amused smile “Peter Stark” He hums, grinning widely now.
"Peter...I'm sorry, it's okay open your eyes please."
“Well…To all the boys or… girls” He pauses and corrects with another smirk
He sighs guilty, letting his anger take over for a second and now he has scared both his babies to the bone. For the love of god! He promises himself he wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t be like his own father scaring and hurting his children for no good reason. Slowly he walks over to Peter leaning down in front of the sniffling boy.
It didn’t surprise Tony that she wasn’t warming up to them has fast has Peter did. She is a smart girl and after losing her parents and what happened with her auntie and uncle. She more hesitant to trust people.
Tony, walks through with ease and confidence on full show. Owning the room has everyone goes quiet. Watching has he makes his away to the podium and takes his place behind it, flashing Rhodes, a thankful smile for being here today with him.
Everything that Tony wants to do with ever one he loves. But with extra bonuses he doesn’t have to worry about them ever leaving…well not for many years yet. And he can bond and love his two babies like nothing he has ever done before. Rhone’s smiles taking the two fall cups of coffee’s back into the living room settling them down on the table before settling back down himself.
Looking to Steve for help who looks just has lost has him. Peter keeps pulling at his hair.
"Peter! Are you list..." she is interrupted by tony who looks more furious then Steve had seen in a long time.
But has Tony looks down at the small bundle in his arms still gently running his fingers through his hair, smiley softy has Peter eyes close to the feeling of it.
“Papa can be a little much sometimes, but its only because he cares so much.” Tony chuckles.
"Th-that's n-not..." trying to talk through his now sobbing voice.
"Don't pull your hair...it's okay. I'm sorry I shouldn't have snapped at you like that...don't hurt yourself " He just to insure the boy everything is okay.
Especially after what the social workers tried to do, when Peter and Leila, first went into care. They tried to separate the two of them, they thought Peter would have a better chance of getting adopted without his sister. So, when Tony and Steven decided to meet Peter, they didn’t even mention he had a twin sister. If it wasn’t for Peter, asking where Leila was at the last second, they would have done something terrible and adopted him without her.
Tony knows it's not just the whole media thing upsetting Steve. But also, how hard it's been to concentrate. On Leila and Peter while all this is happening and work stuff has just been topping up by the minute. Leila hasn't warmed up to them at all, which is really hitting hard. They have had her for nearly over three weeks now. Tony has been barely able to hold her hand let anole cuddle and love her like they do with Peter. And its killing Steve… all he wants is to give kisses and cuddles to his little girl. He’s basically turned into a big mama bear.
"Peter..." his voice filled with sympathy for him.
The boy is adorable on the outside there is no doubt about that.
“Sweetie, don’t bite at your fingers.” Leila jumps pulling her hands away instantly face filled with worry she done something wrong.
Peter can't believe what he is seeing has captain America. Strolls towards them with a confused smile on his face.
Tony and Steve noticed this very early on after adopting her and decided it would be a good idea to have Bruce test her mental maturity. And they yes assumed right, she may still think like a five year old in some places but in a lot of ways. She knows what's going on with more adult situations. This made it so she understood there was a huge possibility when they got put into care after their uncle and aunt died that they could be separated. Also, she is dealing with a lot of trauma still from the night her auntie died.
"Well first of all. My babies are twins, they are 5 years old. So yes they are young, so of course, it's crossed my mind. That someone might be targeted them to get to us…” He pauses, to take a breath the thought of that happening, sends him into a terror like on other.
. In all of this, he had never got the man's number. It was probably for the best, though. Clear boundaries were obviously essential with the man.
. He wasn't going to be held back any more.
'I... I...' he got no further, falling into sobs so severe that it was better described as a wail of pain, hurt so deep that the sound of it broke Peggy's heart. She steered him onto the settee, holding him close, trying to hold him together. She had never seen him like this.
'No. Tell me now.'
The door handle did nothing. It was locked.
He looked round the shop, the buckets and boxes of cut flowers and bouquets, the trays of seedlings and shelves of houseplants, the ceiling trellis full of heavy wisteria flowers that Mr Flynn had been gradually growing since they opened almost forty years ago, but he didn’t see any of it. He felt completely dazed. Like he’d just skipped over a line between ‘before’ and ‘after’ that was always going to divide his life.
'Can you not use my name in your sex games?!' Bucky yelled after them. They pretended not to hear as they walked away hand in hand.
'He isn't here.'
Peggy was woken by the sudden jolting of the mattress as next to her Steve flung himself upright. It wasn't quite as unusual a happening as she would have liked, but she supposed this was the price they paid for the things they had seen and done during the war.
'Yeah, no, I wasn't.'
until you started saying you never actually loved me!'
A tense morning followed. Peter played alone in his bedroom, Steve looking in on him every so often to make sure he was alright.
Tony blinked, trying to get his breath back and generally remember where he was. That was not how he had expected that scene to end. Steve handed him a glass of juice, grinning in satisfaction. Tony kicked him lightly in the shin.
'Thor's sister,' Steve said. 'I guess it would stop the gossip. If you loved a woman.'
'And Tony, let me tell you an even less known fact about Steve Rogers, he is also clearly a bisexual! Evidence for this includes his
'For goodness' sake. This is getting ridiculous. Anyway, Tony, how could you not know who Ron was?'
He and Norman went way back, and Tony had never yet managed to deal a finishing blow in return for what Norman had done to him.
Another eternal pause. How long did it take to breathe? Tony hadn't breathed at all for at least five minutes.
and brought out the dessert, some sort of fruit soufflé topped with ice cream in a flavour he could not identify.
work, Stark, it was
'You alright there, buddy? You, uh, you got an inhaler?'
it,' Stark grinned over his shoulder, and on that disturbing note they found the staircase and barrelled up it, to another long landing. Steve thought he saw a door hastily click shut, and headed towards it, but Stark ignored it, going straight for the door at the end and
Peter looked to Tony, who nodded and waved him away. Spiderman sulkily took up his position on the lamppost again, and the two Avengers headed down the road.
Steve blinked at him. 'What?' He said, though from the blush creeping up his neck he knew exactly what Tony meant.
'What about the plane?'
'It'd be a bit of a coincidence if it didn't,' Tony shrugged. 'Though how voices through a rift turned into an audio file on the internet I don't know. Look, Steve, about earlier-'
Jarvis began to search without another word. He had not approved of Tony's choices in the last few years, and so Tony had turned off most of the Artificial Intelligence aspects of the system, effectively stripping it of any personality or opinions. Tony didn't know what he had been thinking in the first place, letting a computer program run so much of his household. He didn't miss it. He didn't need it.
'Go to your room, Harry.'
but he suspected Cap was probably right. And the thick hoodie wouldn't be helping matters. Beneath it, Tony was acutely aware that his shirt would probably have to be removed with a chisel.
'Then confess,' Tony said. 'They don't believe me! Tell them it was you!'
'Alright, Peter, just one more time, okay?'
'You are going to be so bad for my health,' Steve informed him, when he could speak again.
'Okay, right, the forties sucked. Another good point.'
Steve shook his head. He was used to it if nothing else.
A few minutes later Katherine's hair was as neat as it was ever going to be (not very), and Steve had chased Enoch and Edward back out, and they'd found Jane in the bedroom and persuaded her to put down her book and put on her shoes, and eventually had waved the whole gaggle of them off, ignoring the tuts and huffs of the other parents on the street. So the Barnes kids weren't the best turned out, and yes, maybe brushing Katherine's hair in the front garden had been a little odd even for them, but they were loved, and they were good and kind, and Bucky wouldn't have changed a thing about any of them.
Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough.
'What do you want?' Tony spat, eyes narrowed.
Tony could almost hear the awful snap. He shook his head, vigorously, and pushed the thoughts aside. They were through the door, inside the building, running blindly down a set of stairs and into a corridor, filled with doors leading to unknown rooms. He had to save the bloodlust for later, save it for Osborn. Right now he had to focus on Peter.
'He was quite handsome,' his mom had said. 'Brown hair, lovely brown eyes. One of those little beards that just goes round, you know?'
'No,' Peter said, taking the cup and drinking from it. He didn't spill any, either. He wasn't a baby. 'Who are you?'
'That doesn't work in a crowd.'
‘Mr Stark showed me a YouTube video,’ Peter said, tentatively.
The duties were easy enough, too, comprising everything from mopping floors and wiping down tables to setting up chairs and tables for meetings and putting them away again. Nothing too difficult, but enough to keep him busy, keep him out of his room and, more importantly out of his head for a few hours a day. That was all Steve wanted for now.
He felt the cold, tentacle-like touch climbing up his ankle and looked down to see a puddle of thick looking liquid, darker than the darkness, like melted rubber or pure tar, pooling out beneath and around and over him. His blind panic, the manic swipes he made at it made no difference. It was spreading up his body, over his clothes, and when he tried to pull it away, it flowed around his hands like water. His breath was coming in horrified gasps now, because this was worse even than when he had woken up with a car battery attached to his chest; because he could feel the tar adhering to his bare skin, creeping in around his clothes, becoming part of him.
Steve stopped dead. Tony looked so happy that for a moment Steve had the irrational desire to just turn around and leave, let someone who was obviously better at the relationship thing than he was give Tony the life he deserved. Except, of course, it wouldn't last. Once Tony had fixed up their machine to give them proper access to the multiverse, this 'Steve' would kill him without blinking.
Tony rocked on the balls of his feet, his expression uncertain. Steve hated that that look was because of him. From now on, he was going to do everything he could until there was no trace of that uncertainness left.
'Also the season for mistletoe,' Bucky said from the doorway, pointing above their heads to where there was indeed a sprig of mistletoe hanging over the sink, exactly where Steve was standing. It had not been part of the decorations Tony had had prepared.
Oops.
Steve obliged.
'What is this about?' He shouted, trying to distract the creature. 'You want to talk to me? Turn round and talk!'
. Of course it was. Hadn't he known that, the moment he had laid eyes on him? Hadn't something inside him looked and Barnaby and said,
'Of course. Do you have a therapist? It may be something worth discussing with them.'
'Okay,' he nodded. 'Bye, Steve.'
Steve looked. Just ahead was an old fashioned open sleigh, painted white, decorated with tinsel and holly. Two horses were harnessed to it, and the driver sat in the front, wearing a Victorian style tail coat and a top hat with another sprig of holly tucked into the ribbon round the band.
Peter pouted and flopped back onto the bed. He'd been feeling better for
'Two weeks?! I was out for two weeks?!'
'Right,' Steve said, and suddenly swung round in his seat, leaning back so far that his head was practically in Stark's lap, who looked down on him in delight, immediately twining his fingers into his hair.
'So basically,' Steve said. 'He's too smart for you. Please don't tell him that.'
'Well then, let me show you my research and you can decide for yourself if this was bad, or good.'
'Yep. And you should. The rest of that list too.'
'Except you have done quite enough for this family, James Barnes,' Sarah interrupted firmly. 'We're incredibly grateful, but I will find a way to support my own son-'
'Why would you ever spend that much money on wine?'
'So,' he said once he was finished, having been completely distracted by the food. 'Was that why you shut it all down? You were making enough off the patents?'
Things continued that way for six or seven weeks. Steve would go to his appointments, Richard would ask him how he was doing, Steve would say fine, and they would go on their way. And between appointments, they'd have lunch, or a chat in the corridor, or he'd go over for dinner, watch a little TV, play a game or two. Fury still wouldn't clear him for active duty, or to live anywhere but on the base. Mary said it was because Steve still wasn't talking about what had happened. Steve said he didn't want to. Richard said that was fine.
'Assuming you don't want to
'I'm not safe,' Steve croaked without thinking, but speaking was enough to ground him, make the world around him more tangible, the competing voices in his head a little quieter. He looked at her.
'No, Tony, listen. I know you have your heart set on MIT and I have no doubt you'll end up there at some point, but right now you are an eleven year old with an unquantifiable IQ fortunate enough to have extremely wealthy parents and to go to school just down the road from one of the best Science and Engineering Universities in the country. Don't pull that face, you know it's true. So I've spoken to them, shown them some of your papers, and they've said while you are too young to live in dorms-'
'Steve! Not in front of the baby!'
'Oh, we got the right Avenger.' The Skrull sneered. 'Normally our smallest infant could absorb one of your kind's tiny monkey brains with ease, but Stark is... different. He is an aberration. His thought pattern is totally erratic, unpredictable. We would not risk one of our kind trying to take his thoughts and memories in.'
The world lurched unpleasantly, blacking out his vision for a second and releasing a wave of nausea so violent Steve had to cling to the table, jaw locked shut, to keep himself upright and vomit-free.
'I really liked him,' Steve muttered, bringing up a hand to wipe his mouth. The vomit had changed to acid and empty retches, so he thought the episode was over. Maybe.
‘Oh, is it white roses?’ Tony asked.
And somehow, Tony knew, Steve wasn't just talking about debriefing the Avengers any more.
Later, when his Mom had gotten home from work, and questioned Bucky about his trip, and Steve had convinced them both,
Steve shrugged. 'I'll be awful too, so they divorce me and I can take half their money with me.'
Tony leant back on the counter. The kitchen still smelled of mulled wine, sweet and spicy, and somehow created an atmosphere which made it hard to have a serious conversation; but Tony wouldn't let it stop him if Steve needed to talk, he couldn't. 'I'm guessing you're the one Barnes gave bad advice to.'
'Mr Osborn was very clear of what we needed to do if ever this building was uncovered,' he said. 'Destroy everything. So we have EMPs planted everywhere. Getting rid of your little suit too, that's just a bonus.'
Steve wrenched free, eyeing the other man incredulously. 'Owe you?' he repeated. 'If this about the window, I told you to let me out. You didn't, you lost a window.'
In terms of food, Steve felt it went both ways. Normal military rations barely seemed to touch the sides, but when food was in such short supply it had seemed wrong to complain he was constantly hungry. He noticed the hunger didn't make him as cranky as it used to, though, and then, out in the Russian tundra with the commandos, they worked out he could go eight full days without eating before he started to struggle with fatigue. He still didn't know how long he could survive without it, but didn't feel like testing it.
'What was that?' Steve asked, after a moment's pause. 'That... thing you shocked him with?'
'Tony, I'll be two minutes. I'm not leaving you.' Steve tilted Tony's face downwards again, and left. Tony drank his bubble tea, and when he was done, he finished Steve's. He did not switch the straws.
Eventually, he started to get control of himself, whispering apologies between shaking breaths. Peggy's already broken heart shattered again.
Two days into her captivity, she had got her first period. She had been groggy then, still reeling with the effects of the newly-installed magnet in her chest, but not so groggy she didn't try to demand tampons. They beat her so badly it was days before she could stand for more than a couple of minutes.
'It totally is, it's filled right to the top with lots of lovely vegetables and I'm going to make you eat them all.'
‘Okay, go sit down.’
'You should have introduced him,' Tony said.
Tony pulled up outside Steve's building at around 8.30, fearing for his life – or certainly for his car. This neighbourhood was not one he usually frequented. It was practically a
Tony was still gesticulating, talking about the innovations, but Steve brought him up short, grabbing one of the waving hands, intertwining their fingers and squeezing, just briefly, before he had to let go. Tony smiled.
Tony had been wrong. This shouldn't have happened. Steve should have been on ice, not home.
He was bad at this.
Shield scientists and researchers came and explained the Venom symbiote and the effect they believed it would have on someone. Tony wondered why they were being so unusually forthcoming, but the only person he could ask was Steve, who didn't understand the question, quite happy to believe that Shield had no ulterior motive other than helping. Tony, however, knew this was valuable intel, and that normally they would have been quite happy to leave him in a deep dark pit in order to keep their secrets. Unfortunately, there was no way to know what they were up to, so he filed the question in the back of his mind and tried to just focus on what was going on in the trial.
Steve was focused on Tony, not Pepper. He looked shocked. He didn't say anything. Wait, was Steve homophobic? He had never
Back in their MIT days, and right up until Afghanistan, Rhodey had basically got a running commentary of her periods. It was his lot as her best friend. If she had to put up with them, he had to hear about them so they could suffer together. He said he should have noticed sooner that it had stopped.
'No. No, just, I thought the same thing. About forgetting.'
'I know,' the Skrull said. 'It's flawed. That's why we need the Avengers. With Richards dead, the next best authority on the multiverse is your Tony Stark. We need the machine fixed. Then, once we can freely travel the multiverse, our empire will truly know no bounds.'
'A super solider would fall under
He was too busy trying to stay upright to watch Stark's expression, but he saw the scrap of ribbon drop to the floor, skittering in the dust. He looked up, annoyed that Stark wanted to make him pick up after him, but Stark's expression was stone cold.
to tackle your
Almost as soon as Jarvis finished the sentence, there was a soft knock at the door.
'I'm Thor,' Thor said, as if that illuminated anything. 'Thor Odinson.' Then he seemed to remember himself and added, 'At your service, sir.'
Of course, she doesn’t trust them, in her mind Tony and Steve are the bad men who tried to take her brother away from her, her last family member. So, they know it’s going to take time and they don’t mind that. But first things first, Tony wants his own say in his family. He needs shut up all these stupid articles and news reports about his children.
“TONY!” He shouts clearly not very happy, with the annoyance of the over use of the bell.
Tony still feels awful about it…
Apologizing," oh, I'm sor.." cutting off quickly when he meets the eyes of tony stark himself.
They hardly even remember he lived here half the time. Unless he came out from his room for food. That's why it didn't surprise him when all the children were called to see the new potential parents to adopt and his name wasn't mentioned.
"Honestly sweetheart everything is fine. Your papa and I were just being silly. But it's nothing you or Peter have done.” He tries to insure her, gently stroking a hand through her hair. Quickly removing it when she jumps from him looking like a frightened lamb.
“We don’t all like to live in a tower big enough to fit your ego pal.” He teases back. Tony smirks “I have no idea what you’re on about.” He sarcastically hums.
Ever other child would burst out in tears when he said that. Which hurt tony and Steve but it was the truth and it would easier on the kids then getting lying to them.
“Children are not pieces of meat to pick for the best one..." Steve is also about to lose it at the Woman. Who looks taken aback by the two heroes reaction to her. Tony who is happy and proud to let his husband handle this.
“Leila, you don’t think daddy has a big ego, right?” Tony asks, giving her a little squeeze to encourage her to talk. hearing a muffled
Which, was something Tony, really wanted… He still couldn’t wrap his head around it. He was a dad now, and that terrified him more than anything else in his life.
“Daddy has to go see a friend and you have to come to, okay?" He asks, reaching out to her again. But stops when she goes to pull away more. He sighs, but smiles sweetly at her. She doesn’t return it. "Let me help with your shoes." Before she has a chance to stand or get away. He pulls her into his arms.
"Tony! I told you not to do that Press conference. It's been two weeks since then and things have only gotten worse! We have paparazzi outside our doors of the tower every minute of the day!" Steve only half shouted trying to keep his voice down. Not wanting to shout with Peter and Leila only in the other room. Tony was thankful for that.
“STARKS, KIDS NOT HAPPY AT THEIR NEW HOME!”
“Okay well, I’ll say one last thing before I get out of here, and back to my family,” leaving no room for argument in his voice.
“Leila, come on baby.” He calls from the elevator. Smiling at peter who comes running up to him arms up in the air wanting to be picked up. Tony swings him into the air making him giggle. “Daddy I want to come.” He says looking a little disappointed.
"Mmm...fine." Steve voice low but still very tense. Steve doesn’t lean back towards Tony's kiss.
"No!" She fights pulling from him with little luck of actually moving anywhere. Picking up her small pink trainers he settles them down on the bed, has he sits down pulling her into his lap.
"Tony! Look what you did! making him cry like that! He just a little boy you can't go snapping on him like that because you're upset by what the other kids said!" Steve hisses at his husband. Watching peter trying not to sob into his hands.
Steve following close on his heels. Grabbing at his arm to try stop him and pull him back from bursting into the living room. But his attempts end in failure has Tony slams open the door. Causing both their babies to harshly jump on the sofa. Moving in closer to each other out of shock and fear.
Tony sighed, has he drunk morning coffee at the kitchen table, he just stayed quiet, while Steve went off on one. He had given up at arguing back at this point.
Tony takes a deep breath in thankful that peter has finally started to relax...or just cried himself to exhaustion.
He doesn’t look up just hugs Leila closer to him protectively. His eyes looking down at the small girl in his arms full of love and warmth.
“What do you have to say to all the future boys who will want to date your daughter!” A question that makes everyone laugh, lighting the mood again. Tony swears he even saw Rhody, let a smile slip.
Easily walking through the room has the cameras flashed away and recorders are being push into his face. Has they tried desperately try to get more info out of him, Rhody is right by his side helping get him out the room with out to much trouble.
Within hours it had spread across the Internet like wildfire. With all these ridiculous Rumours going around.  About Steve having a Secret family - with children and a wife. Or that Tony had Secret love children – which Steve said didn’t sound so ridiculous with Tony, past love life. Or the most infuriating ones, is that they are grooming the children to become the next Iron Man and Captain America.
He Looks at all the horrified faces in front of him, with a hint of amusement... Well he did just threaten all of them with their jobs.
Leila starts to breathe heavy, but still moves running from the living to her bedroom. "Tony! Please we are scaring them." Steve pleased Looking at a teary-eyed Peter. Tony also locks eyes with his terrified son. lips trembling clearly fighting the urge to cry.
“Good now slowly breath out.” She lets out a shaky breath
"Don't!" Grabbing at peters hands. Stopping him from ripping out more his hair.
“Good girl, you’re doing great.” Tony now happily satisfied, starting the car again
He just sighed heavily when he heard the other children start to laugh and play obviously enjoying. The attention from the new couple who had come to take them home to a loving family.
Happy, drives him home and on the way, he can’t really think of anything else but his kids, it’s around dinner time. So, no doubt will they have been fed, and picking a movie to watch with nap time. Peter, will always pick a Disney movie.
Clearly hurting himself.
He pulls him closer and closer until peter pressed against his chest.
She runs to Peter giving him a big hug. Which he returns, before then getting into the elevator with Tony.
But it didn’t matter what Tony wanted… because the social media, wanted different.
"Are we not good enough for you? Or is that you don't like idea of having two dads! Gonna kid, spit it out what's the problem!" Raising his voice so loud the other children most of heard him.
“Where are the children’s birth parents.” Someone shouts out, now people getting a little more desperate for answers to give them some sort of dirt to write about.
"Now Mr. Stark, has prepared a statement. For, the events that have transpired around him and his husband, Steve Rogers this last week. He will only be taking questions if people are respectful, and quiet while he is talking" Rhodes, finishes with a sharp tone. The doors open giving a slow reveal,
He knows that no one, was going to adopted him. why would they? Who would want a cursed child anyway? Everyone that loved him had died. His parents his uncle and auntie. There wasn't any other way to explain it he must be cursed like the other kids and social workers told him he was.
“Does anyone really think that we would let anything, close enough to even touch our children let alone harm them?” He jokes quite, sarcastically and aggressive.
"I love you to." He whispers back giving in, leaning into a quick kiss. Knowing Peter is in the room.
Tony crutches down beside peter to see the boy has his eyes tightly squeezed shut. Big wet tears leaking out of them. His cheeks now puffy with a hint of pinkness to them.Has he lets out a little hiccups every time he breaths in.
"Shut your dame mouth!" Tony snarls at her with a deadly gaze.
“Sweetie don’t worry. Uncle Rhones is really nice you’re really going to like him. And I guarantee he is going to love you to bits.” He assures her, the driver to Rhones was quiet, not that Tony expected anything else, Leila was cealry very nervous biting at her fingers with anxiety.
"Peter! What have I told you about upsetting our guests! You should have stayed in your room! I didn't call your name to meet them! We have much more finer children to match this couple!" She beings to yell at peter to the surprise of Steve and tony who look horrified at each other.
"I-I hic...d-idn't mean to ...hic ... to upset you" his voice dry from crying small hiccups interrupting him. Has he tries desperately to explain.
Not knowing If that was too harsh or not.
“Tony.” Steve’s says has pulling his attention to him.
Suddenly the room quieted down. Tony, realised Rhodes, was getting to the last part of his speech and was ready getting to bring Tony out. He took a deep breath, shaking off any last nerves he had, he couldn’t back out of this now! This was his idea… take the power away from the media, announce the adoption. Own it. This is for his babies… he could do this!
“see ya later,” Tony smiles softy to Peter and Steve has the elevator doors close.
“Their five years old!” Tony shouts back frustrated slamming his hand down. These people are just vultures looking for their next meal to rip apart. Like hell was Tony, going to let them anywhere near his babies.
“We don’t want that. Do we?” Tony asks with a smile.
"Tony! You can't just take Leila out! Where are you even going to go! Peter and Leila don't like to be apart..." Steve tries to make his point guilt running through him has the two of them looked scared and confused.
Still with a warm amused smile on his lips.
He is such a selfish dick head who doesn’t deserve a boy like Peter… and Peter doesn’t deserve to have to put up with a dad like him.
Taking a deep breath…
"Mr. stark, what do you have to say to the people who think you shouldn't be trusted to raise children." her voice is stuck up, with just a hint of slyness, making herself clearly one of those people.
Babies… he still can’t believe it. he, took a breath another deep breath.
, has a nice ring to it, doesn’t it?” He asked looking down to Peter,his grin going into a soft smile has he looks down to the now sleeping boy in his arms. Stroking a finger over Peter cheek gently wiping away old tears he leans down kissing the boy’s forehead.
“But where are you taking Leila?” His voice filled with worry, gripping Tony tightly.
Tony just hums nodding his head. Not really paying any attention to his friend, but instead smiling down at Leila in his arms. Keeping her close with a little squeeze. Rhodes can’t help his smirk at the two. He could never really imagine Tony being a father. That’s why it shocked him so much when his closest friend, was adopting a little boy. Tony being a father to one kid seemed unbelievable. But then he and Steve also came back with a shy little girl in Tony arms.
He just looks so much more relax now wearing his old boyish grin again and eyes alive with purpose. Tony, would never admit it but he likes to be needed, wants people to care and look after. It was all good when the avengers starting up because he was the TEC guy for them. They needed it he would build it. But that whole splitting up of the team happened and even through Tony and Steve have got pass that now.
“I’ll just take that has a
Has he eyes laid on Tony and Peter "Just making a new friend" Mr starks graze turning back to the small Chesnutt haired boy in front of him.
He can’t really blame them. He has given them nothing at all but the simple fact that he and Steve have adopted. Peter and Leila are five years old and twins. They don’t need to know any more than that. At the moment, not that he doesn’t think they will soon.
“Now let’s keep doing that nice deep breath in then out.” Tony watches for a little while has her breathing slows to normal, her hands still shaking a little bit.
Peter had lost all hope of being saved long before he was brought to the orphanage.
Relief goes through great! The social workers will know how to Comfort peter.
Even got married, but things never really back to the same for Tony, he’s the type of guy who can forgive…but never forget and because of that he has kept his team and even Steve sometimes at arm’s length when it comes to getting close to him. But having children seems to be doing Tony great. But now thinking on it Tony would be a great dad. Children need to be protected, loved and taken care of.
'Am not. I just want to know how loud you can be.'
'You know where he lives. On 4
'Yeah, fine, except your arm
And Peter's eyes, when Steve turned back to him, were about the size of dinner plates. He clutched reflexly to Steve's sleeve.
So here we are at the final chapter! A huge thank you to everyone who has read, and especially everyone who has commented. You helped keep me motivated so I could see this fic right through to the end.
He was about ten or fifteen feet up when Jarvis spoke to him again. 'You are intruding. Please desist or action will be taken.'
'Stark?' Steve said, and he almost sounded concerned. 'What is it?'
'And I will always be grateful for that,' Steve said. 'But, Stark – Tony – I'm
He placed the bag of presents onto Peter's bed and watched as the young boy excitedly unzipped it and took out each of the brightly-wrapped parcels, laying them out on his bed before starting to open them. He looked at each one carefully and gratefully, even whilst eyeing up the next. They were all exciting, they were all appreciated. Steve was glad Peter didn't notice that only one of the toys was brand new, still in the packaging. The rest he had found in charity shops. He hated that he had spent less than $25 on Peter's birthday, but it had been all he could spare. Caring for Peter meant he could only work ad-hoc for Shield, and then strictly only as a consultant. He got some money from his old WW2 service pension, but by the time he'd paid rent and tax and food bills and Peter's sky-high medical insurance, it just didn't stretch very far.
'Twenty-two next month.'
'Shit,' Tony said, 'How many casualties?'
. Tony sank back into his work, and didn't resurface until Jarvis said, 'Captain Rogers is requesting access.'
With that, it was gone, powering away from him again. Steve gave chase unthinkingly, because there was nothing else he could do. He would follow this thing as far as he had to to find a way to stop it. He was going to take Venom down, and get Stark back.
'Electricity 11% functionality,' Jarvis told no-one in particular. Peter carried on climbing, hoping to get to the top before his luck ran out. He was nearly there.
couldn’t attempt to flirt. Not that he was really planning to. His mouth was totally dry, his tongue dead and useless. The beautiful guy was blinking at
They were woken by the sounds of banging from next door, Thor moaning with pleasure. Tony stirred reluctantly, groaned, and threw his pillow at the wall.
He barely paused, rolling to his feet and carrying on chasing after Venom. The further he got ahead, the more of an advantage he would have.
'Hold up there,' he said, his voice soft. 'You want to be done? You've got to give me what you owe me.'
'I thought,' the Captain said, his jaw as tight as Tony had ever seen it, 'You said there weren't going to be any side effects.'
'Cap? Steve? Anyone got eyes on Cap?' It was Tony's voice, of course. He didn't sound too concerned. It was only some Skrulls.
Somewhere in the back of her mind, she knew she was being ridiculous. She had done this every four weeks since the age of thirteen, and it had never bothered her before Afghanistan. What happened to her in that cave was disgusting, yes, but it was no reason to go to pieces. She was being ridiculous.
'I'm fine, Steve,' she reassured him, letting go with one hand to pick up the box of tampons and shaking it in his face. 'Look, no tears.'
‘But I want to go!’
'We need to talk about how you're going to thank me,' he said. 'Let's see, you came to dinner with me just because I spent five minutes with Peter on his birthday. So now I've spent days in the lab, broken into some top-security bases of research, used some highly confidential material and saved your kid's life. So, if dinner is equal to five minutes of my time, I would say that little piece of work definitely entitles me to...' He paused, delicately, greedily eyeing Steve up and down before choosing his next word. '...
(No matter what Bucky said.)
in the margins. Neither of them corrected him. 'Of course, if you really want to sell yourself then.... Sorry, Mrs Rogers, close your eyes.' He wrote one more thing at the end of the list. Steve read it and immediately felt himself going bright red.
had to be what was defining the 21
‘Resilient. Strong.’
'Geez,' Bucky yelled into his ear. 'Talk about
'You just had breakfast.'
'It's not just the bird,' Peter said, shaking his head. 'That's just what's easiest to see. There's all sorts of crazy-pants stuff going on over there. Not just time loops, all sorts of time disruptions. Things getting old and rotting and coming back again. Time moving faster or slower. And... more stuff is coming through.'
He didn't pick up the Hershey's like the other man had. He got chocolate raisins, because he was pretty sure he had seen Natasha with a bag of them once. As he got towards the counter, though, he started to doubt himself. Surely chocolate was chocolate, and the man would have said if only Hershey's would work, but... well, until fifteen minutes ago he'd thought tampons were condoms. He was in way over his head. Steve went back to the shelf of confectionery and grabbed the same bar the man had got too. Just in case.
Thrown by this abrupt change in topic, it took Steve a second to register what he was being asked. Then he wondered how much he ought to say. Whatever Stark said about 'being good', he had made his interest and intentions pretty obvious from the beginning, and Steve didn't want to give him anything to latch onto, to claim they had a 'connection'. Nor had he failed to realise that Stark's 'digging' into his background undoubtedly meant that he had illegally accessed Shield's top secret files. This man was dangerous.
It was ridiculous. She knew it was ridiculous. Every other element of her life, she'd gotten back on track. She'd completely rebranded and refocused her company and it was a bigger success than ever. The Iron Woman was a hero on a national and international scale. She'd helped found the Avengers, bring them together, and built a sweet tower for them all to live in. No-one could say that Natasha Stark had not survived and thrived since the kidnapping.
'He's gone,' Steve said, not stopping. 'He's gone.' He slammed something into Tony's chest, and kept walking. Tony looked down at the piece of card in his hands. It was small, and stiff, a typical business card but for the handwritten note on it.
Which was a joke, because they had only worked together a handful of times and she barely knew him; the guy was so far in his shell that no amount of pecking was ever going to get him out. And she herself was hardly known for her openness and ability to make friends. In any case, she had the pleasure of being the one asked to report to Fury when Cap finally took up the shield again, before going out to join Iron Man, who had just disabled a whole team of agents in a matter of seconds, and flying away unchallenged.
He would never be able to describe how dancing with Barnaby felt. They kept it clean, and decent, and yet every brushing touch made Steve feel like he was lighting up, burning from the inside. He couldn't dance, he knew he couldn't, he knew he was making a mess of it this time too, and yet it felt as if they were moving in perfect synch. It was like his senses were widening, seeing the world for the first time, and yet simultaneously narrowing down so there was nothing but him and this gorgeous stranger. It was like he had swallowed a dozen compasses, and each and every one of them was pulling him towards Barnaby.
'But we didn't have dessert,' Stark said, almost pouting. 'You owe me dessert. So when I saw you heading to the park, I thought, hey, let's get ice cream.' He tried to lean around Steve, to see the pushchair behind him. 'You want ice cream, right, Pete?'
Bucky arrived then, still in his grease-stained jeans and shirt from his job. ‘We really must stop meeting like this, Steve,’ he deadpanned, and settled into the seat beside Steve’s mom. ‘Especially when you missed movie night.’ Steve had been out for almost twenty four hours.
'Not on purpose,' he said. 'It was just buried in the junk.'
'In a bit, I'm starving.' Tony said, going over to the toaster. It was almost a metre long and could do up to twelve slices at once. 'Want some toast?'
Steve had stared at him in confusion, then with mounting horror as he had realised what Tony was saying. He thought this was – he thought this was because Steve had
‘Steve?’ Tony said again, and hadn’t Steve wanted to ask him something? This was probably their last afternoon together in the shop.
And that was it. The sight of seeing Steve there, actually comfortable and relaxed instead of rigid and upright, seeing his socks pressed up against the arm of the couch – somehow, that was the moment Tony had realised he loved him. And not in the 'this-is-my-current-partner-aren't-they-great' way, in the 'love-story-for-the-ages, Drew-Barrymore-movie' sort of way. The 'Only-you-forever' sort of way. The 'If-I-mess-this-up-my-life-is-over' way.
'That Captain America has been compromised. We knew from the very first psych profile Dr Parker did that it was a possibility. If he became disillusioned with the world as it is now he may become hostile. Especially with the added strain of Peter's condition.'
'Well Cap, it clings in
‘He’s been calling you?’
Tony groaned. 'Cheat! You can't say the same thing.'
'Bet if you'd known how it would turn out you would never have moved in with them.'
Steve said nothing. He didn’t see how this was any of Shield’s business.
Steve knew what was coming and went limp, readying himself, because he was pretty sure Venom would be dropping him any second.
? What is this, Stark? Borrowed Daddy's notes so you can become the next Captain America?'
Peter looked genuinely startled and sat bolt upright, watching as Iron Man landed outside and strode towards the fire escape that would let him into Peter's room. Peter cast around wildly, as though lost, then turned to Steve.
Then, one day, he was sitting in their lounge having just finished loading the dishwasher after dinner, arguing that it took just as long to load and unload as it would to just wash things by hand, when something on the news made him pause. It was just a small local-news bulletin, showing some derelict old buildings being demolished. But Steve realised he knew the street, or had known it, once. The buildings they were knocking down weren't even the ones he had known, they were ones that had replaced those he was thinking of. And as he watched the report, Steve found himself starting to cry.
to say these things to a woman, a specific woman, that meant something even worse. Tony wanted to run, he wanted to head straight for the nearest bar and drink until things made sense again, but he didn't. He didn't even run out to his private jet and head somewhere far away where Steve – and the argument they were going to have to have – couldn't find him. He stayed put. To talk about it, like an adult.
'Fine,' Tony whispered back, trying to choke back a sob. He had to be. He had to be fine. He couldn't bear to disappoint Steve.
'We don't understand your powers yet, and I don't have time to argue. You stay here.' Steve reached into his pocket and pulled out Peter's precious phone. He'd picked it up almost on reflex before they left the hospital room, and now returned it to its owner. 'You put your playlist on, okay? I'll be back soon.'
'You're getting your suit. I'm getting mine.'
The man was a stranger. Taller even than Steve himself was, with his fair hair worn long between his wide-brimmed hat and dark cloak. More than that, he was almost as wide as he was tall, built solid as a wall, muscles clear even from this distance. He turned at the sound of Steve's approach and smiled widely, holding a hand out to greet him.
'Hi, you must be Steve. I'm Richard, welcome. Have a seat.'
'No, thank you,' Steve had replied, gently moving Tony's hands away and fastening the link himself. 'I'll leave the schmoozing to you.'
'What the fuck do you think you're doing?' It was the evil ex, of course. Steve had forgotten he was even there. Before Steve could get his treacherous bones arranged to get back on his feet, the guy had hauled him upright. 'You're going after him, right in front of me?'
It suddenly hit Natasha how stupid she was being, how ridiculous. It wasn't just her and Jarvis any more, she lived in a tower full of Avengers; any of whom could make the journey to the all-night store on the corner. There was a slight chink of light in the darkness.
'Not long.' Dr Moore said. 'I'm sorry. You need to think about what you want to do next. He can stay here at the hospital, we'll give him the best care, but... I need you to understand. At this point, we would just be prolonging the inevitable.'
Steve nodded curtly and headed for the door to the elevator. When he reached it, he turned back to look at Tony. 'Don't push yourself that far again, Tony.'
'Fine.' Steve sighed. 'I didn't want to be Captain America again because-'
implied that Tony intended to keep this acquaintance going. It was nothing, less than a scrap, a bread crumb of affection – but Steve treasured it anyway. He couldn’t help it.
But Tony Stark had never backed down from a challenge. He'd never left a puzzle unsolved. Somehow, he would figure it out.
some rational, kinder voice inside him said.
On the front of Tony's fridge, half obscuring a child's drawing, was a neatly bullet-pointed plan of action, held up by thick electrical tape.
It didn't take long to find him. He was in one of the outermost common rooms, known as 'The Hunting Lodge', after the style of the décor. In somewhat bad taste, the log fire was still burning in the grate. Osborn looked up and away from it, startled, when Tony burst in.
'Wait,' Stark said. 'Hold up there, blue-eyes. I never said I wouldn't do it.'
will-‘
'Two weeks.' Tony's face fell. 'We've been looking everywhere for you, pretending this loser had us all fooled so we could try to find the base. Sorry you kind of beat us to the rescue. Were we close?'
Steve jutted his chin up. 'I wasn't going to pretend something was right if it was wrong.'
and Steve had gotten straight on a plane home before anyone could corner him for a debrief.
'Steve?' Natasha's uncertain voice came through the door. She sounded like she was still crying, or about to start again. When she had asked for his help, it had sounded like she was forcing the words out against all odds. He had seen her fighting for her life, for the fate of the world, but he had never seen her - well, heard her - in such a state. She needed his help.
'2...'
Steve nodded self-consciously, fingers instinctively going to the back of his neck, just about able to feel the bumps and whorls of the blemish there. It was still grey and cold, and now, it would stay that way the rest of his life.
'Damn,' he said, looking him up and down. The girls giggled. 'Be my guest.' He gestured benevolently at the chair on the opposite side of the table as if he owned the place. Steve did not like his expression one bit, but he sat anyway. He just had to get straight down to business.
The next day he received three things: a standard-issue Shield uniform, a rota of 'light duties' and an invitation to play chess with Richard that evening. He was grateful for the uniform, because he was pretty tired of standing out as the only one in civilian clothing. It might be made from a strange future material, and an even stranger cut, but a uniform was a uniform. As soon as he put it on, he felt better. He felt part of something that made some sort of sense. Things felt more manageable.
But Osborn just looked at him. He looked lost, frightened. He didn't say anything.
'Morning,' Steve nodded. 'Okay, Mr Stark, stay out of trouble now, you hear? Keep that ribbon.' It was a flimsy cover, but as Tony said, his reputation as a drunk ought to be good for
Tony shrugged. ‘I don’t think a flower should get called a weed just because it’s better at being a plant than other plants.’
'It's fine.'
Steve was already striding away, towards the hitching post and his horse. Of all the stupid things the boy could have done to earn an extra dollar, this was probably the worst. The gold mine nearest town had been abandoned for a reason; two reasons in fact. The first was that had been picked clean, the gold vein a small one. The second, of less importance to the owners but even greater to the miners, was that the whole place had been structurally unsound ever since the river had been rerouted to run barely forty yards from it.
‘You need to leave,’ he told Stark. ‘We had dinner. We’re even. You aren’t welcome here.’
'No reason, it's just, he spoke to me this morning... he'd noticed I was gone.'
'What are you saying?' Tony looked startled, like a deer caught in headlights.
It was a picture of Peter's drawing, the one Steve had shown him at the bar. It was taped to a gleaming chrome fridge.
'I'll get this round,' Bucky said. 'What do you want?'
Except something was obviously on Tony's mind. They'd both gotten clingy, spending their first few minutes back together gently checking the other for injuries, reassuring themselves that the last few weeks hadn't caused any permanent damage, before spending the following hours sticking close to one another, getting used to being back in one another's space. They were always the same after a separation. And yet, even as they sat nestled together, Steve running his hand gently through Tony's hair, he couldn't get him to relax. Tony was restless, seemingly unable to get comfortable, repeatedly glancing at the clock.
'Home,' Tony said. He was the smartest man in the world. He was going to fix this.
'Well, here's one for the maybe pile,' Sarah said, scrolling down what looked to be a comparatively substantial message. 'This one is actually written by the parent. He wants a match for his heir, to keep the wealth in the family and safeguard against hostile corporate takeover, improve their reputation as a family firm committed to charity, blah blah – oh.
,' she turned to Steve. 'I'm sick of this.'
'I am the Jarvis system,' the voice agreed robotically.
'No,' Tony held up a hand to stop him. 'I put a gun in my mouth, Steve, did Thor tell you that? The same night. Didn't want to see a sunrise without you.' He swiped his hand over his eyes. Steve said nothing, couldn't say anything, wished he could reach out- 'But I thought about how upset you looked that day at the forge. How scared you looked. It stopped me pulling the trigger.'
'I figured that out from how you hid under the table,' Steve replied, downing more of the beer. He needed to go slow, he knew that, but it was so nice to be doing this; flirting over drinks with a stranger who actually seemed to be interested. It was so
For someone who had insisted that he wanted to lie low, Tony Stark- Iron Man- was certainly making an entrance; flying down at speed surrounded by an impressive array of fireworks.
'Steve,' Tony said, eventually, and opened his hand to show Steve his find. As comprehension dawned, all colour drained from Steve's face. His expression was one of absolute horror. He said nothing, just buried his face in his hands.
Natasha finally caught on. She rolled over and buried her face in a cushion, mortified. 'Oh, no, Steve, no, stop, just stop,' she groaned. 'You
'That is not what I said! This is exactly what I mean!'
his neck and a red head on the other, idly stroking his chest as she watched Steve without any interest. Steve felt his mouth dry out. Were they high? This was a bad idea.
'Iron Man,' Steve said, pointing back at the bird. Reluctantly he turned back and saw the same bird flying across the street – from the same point it had started from before. As he watched, he saw what Peter had meant. The bird, some sort of seagull, was flying no more than a few yards before it would suddenly reach a certain point in the sky and disappear, only to reappear back where it had begun and repeat the process. Over and over again.
Except it
But it was Peter's voice that answered, calling from inside. 'Steve!
Peter was crying in earnest now, which meant he had enough breath to do it. Steve went back to the lounge so he wouldn’t have to see it. He had never made Peter cry before.
Steve nodded, pulled it out of his pocket, and obediently took a few deep intakes from it. Then he went right back to Tony.
'I can see that,' Steve said. 'Can you lift your head up? How much have you had?'
'Peter,' Tony said, in the most authoritative tone he could. 'Gotta give me something to go on, here, kid.'
Steve looked down at him in surprise. 'Bye? Are you tired? Do you want me to go?'
The contents of the cupboard were strewn across the bathroom floor.
Tony huffed in amusement. 'I'd like to see them try to put you in jail.'
Okay, they could deal with that. Steve always got a little grumpy when they had to work through a media circus, but unless he was saying
For a moment there was silence. Steve sighed, conceding the point, and Tony risked a smile. It was a mistake. His grin was met only with a stony glare.
Stark didn't seem to care, pulling out Steve's seat for him and patting it invitingly before moving round the table to sit down himself. There was a bottle of red wine already on the table, and Stark waved away the waiter who was hurrying over and started to pour it himself.
'Go away, Stark.'
It wasn't even a lie. He stepped forward towards the doors, but Steve caught his arm.
'Sure,' the man said, looking around nervously. Keeping an eye out for his ex, Steve assumed. 'It's, um, it's... Bar.'
No. No, Steve couldn't accept that.
'No! Steve, we can't let it get away!'
'You've fit between my legs plenty of times before,' Steve commented mildly. Scandalised, Tony swooped down and swept Peter up into his arms protectively.
Steve was hearing the same hat and coat as he always did. 'I need to be recognisable.' He shrugged.
'You never bring a bag to the hospital except when there's presents!'
'I am, I guess,' Bucky said. 'I'm just worried about you, stupid punk. What if he's some horrible controlling guy who won't even let us hang out?'
'What search terms should I use?' Jarvis enquired.
'I still want to be able to walk tomorrow, Rogers.'
Tony had also said
The remark startled a laugh out of Tony, cut off short by a roar of pleasure from Hulk next door. Thor was doing well today.
It had been a struggle, getting Peter. They'd already been trying to go through the process for adoption when they had found him, still alive and hidden under a pile of clothes after a super villain had decided to use his family's front room as a headquarters, slaughtering everyone who got in the way. Peter had been crying, but he had calmed down when he caught sight of the Iron Man armour, interest overtaking his fear of the strange noises. He'd been barely two months old then, so the birth certificate they found later said. Steve had carried him to safety cradled against his chest. On some level, they'd known then, Tony thought; but it was only when they found out he had no other living family that either of them had said it out loud:
Immediately, she tried to wipe them away with her hand. Steve looked downright alarmed and rocketed up from his chair, and then seemed to be unsure of what to do next, and hovered awkwardly, which just made her feel more embarrassed, because she was making such a fool of herself -
'If it helps, I promise to always lie to you,' Steve said.
with each other. I thought it was an elegant solution.'
Steve set his chin determinedly, ready to argue his case, but then Barnaby smiled and everything else disappeared from his mind. He only just remembered to text Bucky as they headed down the street together.
Two hours later, Tony was sitting on the ancient settee in the lounge of the cabin, feeling distinctly giggly. It wasn't fair – he was the only one drunk, as the other two had been too effected by the experimentation that had been done on them. And he shouldn't even have
happen happened, if they kissed right now, he might actually pass out. Which would be super embarrassing. He inched forward all the same, just a little. Tony inched forward too.
'Not well enough! What happens the next time Fisk, or someone exactly like him, comes calling?! Because they will come, Steve, and if you can't defend yourself then-!' He cut himself off, smashing the hammer viciously down onto the now-cooling metal, the sound reverberating around them. He looked Steve dead in the eyes, defiant. 'I can't go through that again. I
Steve was silent for a minute, then, in a small, horrified voice, he said, 'But... I mean, they cured
Hesitating wasn't going to do any good. He kicked off his shoes so he could get a better grip, pressed his stinging hands against the wall and started to climb. The glass was smooth, and it made it harder for him to hold on, but he could do it. He was going to climb all the way to the top, find his dad, and get him to let him in through a window so they could save Mr Stark together.
documentary – where it had said that all the army guys had said no to him, but he had wanted to help anyway. And now Peter had to do the same. Mr Stark was Iron Man, and now his dad was Captain America, and they helped people all the time. Well now Peter had to help them.
Steve barely had time to flinch before Thor had reached through the bars and lifted Stone by the shirt collar.
Steve,' he said, trying to keep the teasing delight out of his tone. 'Are you trying to tell me this list is about
But none of them were lowering their guns. Beside him, he heard a slithering sound, and realised the tentacles were coiling out from Stark's flight suit again, tensed and ready to strike. Now a voice called out to them over the assembled crowd.
'I bet we could drown them out,' Steve suggested, coming to wrap his arms around Tony's waist. Tony scoffed, but Steve could feel him squirming, pressing onto tip toe, trying to get himself into a better position against Steve's body. Delighted that his suggestion was being well received, Steve bent to kiss the back of his neck.
later, Tony was at the front and the barista (?) was eyeing him slightly suspiciously. Tony tried to smile reassuringly. The barista (?) did not seem reassured.
Bucky was pacing. It wasn't helping Steve's nerves.
Stark didn't answer him. Steve noticed the flight suit was spreading at his wrists as well, the strange tentacles tumbling down over one another, covering his watch, his wrists, his hands, spreading over his fingers. He laid his hand, now as black and slick as if it had been coated with tar, over Peter's chest. A second later, Peter bucked and jerked as if he had been shocked. Stark did it again. Peter twitched violently. Coming back to himself, Steve shoved Stark away.
‘Everything that matters.’
'Are you okay?'
'Don't concern yourself, Sheriff,' Tony said, and Steve latched onto the voice, the world swinging back to rights. Steve felt the lurch and the impact of it, like falling from a horse and hitting the ground. His head ached. 'Your dirty little secret knows to leave out the back.'
'I didn't even realise she had gone until Rhodey was behind me,' Tony said, 'And he was like-'
‘Kind of ugly.’
'If you hurt him, you'll be meeting the business end of my stilettos.'
But she wouldn't. Not until the last possible moment, because there might be blood.
Tony did. It was a contract for how his hours of service were to be completed and the conditions of his custody. These conditions basically boiled down to Steve being his live-in babysitter and having to approve all his comings and goings. Embarrassing, but it could definitely be worse. And it meant Steve and Peter would stay. Tony allowed himself a moment of happiness, before reading on to see what they actually wanted him to do.
. Now you're shovelling it down so fast I doubt it's even going to hit the sides.'
'Of course, I'll come right now. Just tell me where you are.'
'That's the impression he gave me, sir.'
, I am not going to tell you again! Sit still.'
, but if the soufflé was as good as the rest of the meal had been...
'Harry?'
A doctor had come back in and was talking to his dad in the corner. Peter strained to hear but all he caught was that they were talking about 'inexplicable anomalies' in his blood. Peter shook his head.
She fell silent, turning white.
Startled, Steve drew back from her; but she was right. He'd said he would paint a piece as a gift, in return for the ring. For the marriage he was giving Barnaby up for. Of course Stark needed to have this painting, own Steve's memories of that night. If Steve kept them himself, it would destroy him.
'I want you to meet my friends,' Peggy had said, when they sat out in on the back step of the Jarvis' cottage one afternoon. It was almost the end of summer, the sort of time where the heat was most intense at sunset, when Tony's skin Italian skin had tanned so brown that he
Partly this was because while the monster that had been Stark simply barrelled through, tossing aside anything in his way, Steve had to dodge flying cars, collapsing walls, and any other debris. Of course, he also had to try and catch the cars, hold up the walls and get civilians safely away, which held him up further.
It wasn't fine. Once Peter had gone to wait for Steve in the lounge, Tony couldn't resist. He went to Twitter, and sure enough Captain America was trending. Everyone was saying how it was
Looking horrified, Steve turned pale. He
'I'm not making weapons for you, Fury,' he said. 'I don't do that any more. And I'm not doing any studies with Venom that involve re-infecting me or anyone else. If you try to make me I'm going back to the cops and doing the twenty-five years.'
He felt so stupid.
Well, he had enough experience. He had kept the ledger ever since he was a child, planning the hypothetical wedding of everyone he knew, in every possible combination. It had somewhat bewildered his parents, but as he, unlike his brother, could not be kept quiet and still with any other kind of bookish activity, he had been encouraged in the pursuit. Eventually Odin had realised Thor was also the god of weddings, which explained everything, and definitely wasn't a made up title to legitimise his embarrassing fixation like Loki always said it was. In any case, when he had met the Avengers, they too had been added to the book in every combination. It had been fun, learning about Midgardian wedding traditions, and there were so many magazines from which he could cut pictures that would best represent his vision for the occasion. When he had come to think of Stark and the Captain, the ideas had flown easily to his brain and on into the book, even though they had not yet been courting at this time. Thor liked to think that meant he had predicted the relationship. It did not.
'Steve, it's literally you asking Santa for a list of stuff. Santa is your sugar daddy.'
Peter was still looking at the gun. He didn't think it would be much help against the big black squirmy thing that had taken Mr Stark. The monster had just laughed off bullets before.
Steve squeezed his shoulder. 'Go home, Tony,' he said, kindly. 'Clean up and get some sleep. We'll come talk through your results tomorrow.' He smiled, turned away, and Tony realised in a panic that Steve was going to leave him stranded here.
'That's right,' she said, encouragingly. 'I'm here. You're safe at home.'
He'd laughed when he'd seen Tony for once lost for words and added,
But no, this was the long game. And Tony had other things to do.
'We've been over and over this,' Steve said. He needed to stop touching the back of his neck, he was only drawing attention to it, but his fingers just kept finding a way back there. The bond mark was always comfortingly warm. 'We can't get any more medical charity. My mom's insurance won't cover me any more. No-one who would employ me would insure me, and no-one who would insure me would employ me. Even if they did, it wouldn't cover the debt, and that's getting interest every day, plus whatever stupid disease I go down with next. We need a bottomless money pit, and luckily, there's one willing to have me.'
The third point was simply a crudely drawn and rather explicit doodle, with the legendary Captain America shield in a strategic location.
'Alright then, baby doll,' Steve murmured, and to his credit he only blushed a little. 'I'll keep reminding you you're gorgeous.'
'Tony,' Steve huffed, but without any real irritation. 'We've been over this. You don't need to 'deserve' it. I love you. You don't need to earn that.'
'I need to come in,' Peter insisted, tugging at the door again. The handles turned burning hot, making him yelp and jump back.
'I've seen plenty like you,' Steve said, and threw the shield.
Steve said nothing. His hands clenched tighter. Tony suddenly wondered what he was doing. Yes, he had decided a long time ago that he was his own top priority, but this was starting to feel like it bordered on evil.
'Get me?'
'I'm scanning you for any remaining traces of the symbiote,' Jarvis said, fussily.
No. There wouldn't be blood. It had only been twenty-two days, right? Twenty-three, max. Then again, she had been working a lot on a project lately, and the days tended to blur into one, but it couldn't be that time again, it was too soon-
Steve hauled him upright, putting Tony's arm round his neck and holding him round the waist, moving fast. They made it to the bathroom just in time for Tony to puke like he hadn't since freshman year. Damn. So much for dignity. But the gentle, firm hand on the back of his neck, keeping him in position over the toilet, was sort of nice in a weird way. And at least Steve kept his gaze firmly fixed on the ceiling until it was all out and the two of them sat together on the bathroom floor.
He stayed there, on his knees on his bedroom carpet, trying to get his breath back and waiting for the swinging nausea to pass. All he could think was that he needed to get it cleaned up before his mom got home from work, or there was no way she'd let him back to school tomorrow. He was probably being stupid, reckless with his health, but he didn't want to miss any more time, make people worry even more. So, as soon as he could move again, he fetched water and soap and carpet cleaner and scrubbed until the smell of vomit was gone. Then his mom got home, and they had dinner, and by the time they were done it would be past midnight for Peggy. Steve didn't bother to open their chat again.
'We cleared out the whole place! Do you know how much time we've wasted?! What they could have done to him?!'
. I'm happy Dale's doing so well for himself, but if this keeps up he's going to need to move to bigger premises.'
'You don't look like Stark.'
'Glad you enjoyed it, kid.' Stark looked at him warily. He hadn't gone back to sit on the bed. Steve hadn't had chance to look at his face during the attack, but he knew it must have unnerved the other man. It often took people that way. No-one, however bad they were, liked to be faced with a child suffering. 'Oh, here.' Stark took his phone out of the front pocket of the jacket –
'I'm sorry.'
Tony looked at the bowed neck in front of him, one thin sliver of skin showing between the cowl and the collar of the uniform. It was thin, but not so thin a tendril of his flight suit couldn't reach out, wrap around it and pull back, pull back until even that big strong neck snapped, squeeze and twist the life away -
band onto his arm, followed by a pink. She winked.
The incident with the photograph had killed any lingering inclination for Steve to have a good time. He just wanted to eat and get out of here, work out what he was going to do with and for Peter. The main course arrived and he set to it at once.
'Put it on speaker,' Tony urged, his heart going cold. Clint nodded and did so.
Time was suspended. He lay in bed, knowing he could never leave it, because all that was out there was a world without Steve. While he stayed in bed, it wasn't real. Not yet. Time had stopped.
'What do you think I did before the army?'
'It's been
Steve had no idea what the thing on his plate was. It had a green, circular base and was topped with an array of aesthetically pleasing plants. Some were vegetables, some were probably herbs, and there was something in the middle he had no idea of at all. It almost didn't look like food at all, it looked more like
Silence fell. He was waiting for Tony to react, to say something. Tony was waiting too. For the words to sink in, to be replaced with disbelief or anger, conviction that his dad was lying,
'I wouldn't have minded.'
And once she had said that, it was easier to say other things too, especially as Steve worked most of it out for himself.
No-one would soon forget the tragedy of the night the Maximoff house had burnt down. Steve and Tony had both been there along with everyone else; Steve arranging the townsfolk to make supply lines for the buckets, Tony turning up with a high power hose he'd managed to rig together for the purpose, but it had been too late. Steve and Bucky had got the kids out, but hadn't been able to get to the parents in time. Wanda Maximoff and her twin brother Pietro had been just ten at the time, and the town had come together to give them lessons and errands to earn their keep, to keep them from stealing or prostitution. Last summer they'd turned fourteen, Pietro had been apprenticed at the apothecary's, and to Steve's utter contempt, some of the men had started to pay Miss Maximoff completely inappropriate attentions. The same men who would have been happy to find her in a brothel would accept carrying her off as a reluctant bride. It didn't bear thinking about. She was still a child.
'Some nights I don't sleep until
Now he was just confused, and she was in serious danger of being completely distracted by the cute little furrow in his brow. 'I would?'
Steve remained silent.
'Alcohol doesn't work on me. Not since the serum.'
'Great, but that doesn't tell me what it
'No, I'll come with you for a bit,' he gabbled. 'I want to see what Captain America buys for dinner. Is it all just apple pies and burgers? The world needs to know.'
And then Venom was looking into his memories instead, pulling them out of him, everything that had happened to him that Tony hadn't been able to stop or control or do anything about. And it told him, it promised him what Tony wanted more than anything in the world:
Steve was unpacking the groceries on the kitchen counter, and put down a box of tampons in his 'bathroom' pile without giving them a second glance. Natasha couldn't help but smile at her husband when she saw them. A lot had changed since the first time she had sent him out to buy them. For one thing, he knew what brand to get her now. He always brought pads, too, for night time. These days she didn't even have to ask. A few months after her breakdown, and a few months after they had started dating, he had asked her if she'd thought about other forms of contraception, and it had turned out he'd been reading up about them. Without any embarrassment at all, they'd talked through the different options and the pros and cons, but she was still finding her period a bit difficult to handle at that point, and sticking with what she knew had seemed easiest; even if Steve was usually the one reminding her to take it. She'd come a long way since then, too. It was time for the next step.
for goodness' sake, you couldn't just send him out to buy tampons. He'd probably faint.
'Tell the truth!' Tony roared, and launched himself at Osborn, thinking wildly that he could
It always happened quite suddenly, this snap back to reality after he'd finished a project. It was also usually quite jarring, and was probably why he spent so long tinkering in the final stages, getting everything perfect before admitting something was finished. After days of working non-stop, totally focused, barely eating or sleeping, fuelling himself with work, and coffee, and ideas, after days of successfully not noticing anyone or anything, reality always liked to show back up with a vengeance. The moment he put down the last tool or finished the last scan, it would be waiting there to reassert itself.
like his asshole of a father, and this was doing
have been able to do something like that.
With so much time to think, Tony was uncomfortably aware that while the Venom-inspired impulse to kill Steve had completely vanished, the rest of his feelings had not. If anything, they had grown. With Venom, he had just wanted to get Steve to bed. Now he pretty much just wanted to get into Steve's bed, stay there, wake up there every morning for the rest of his life. These were feelings that, given the circumstances, kind of sucked.
'I... I made a mistake,' Steve said, his voice thick with fresh tears, but he suddenly pulled away from Peggy, sitting upright and away from her at the far end of the couch. 'And now I've ruined everything. I've lost someone and I'll never see them again.'
, and Steve was laughing and saying
'How about you finish that and come dance with me?' Barnaby asked.
Pepper got up one day and testified fiercely about the changes in Tony's character after he got infected, and wouldn't give the prosecution any ground when they tried to imply it was hardly a change at all. And then Steve got up there, in full Captain America uniform, in front of the eyes of the world, to testify about what he had seen, and about the fight.
Maybe he wasn't as okay as he thought.
There was that word again, and about his mother. Tony obviously just used it as his adjective for everyone. Steve swallowed his disappointment and forced himself to focus, trying to remember which flowers he had already used. Tony would definitely notice if he doubled up on meanings.
. Give them
‘Alright,’ Steve said, ‘I think that’s enough. We’re not going anywhere today. I’ll tell Mr Stark some other time.’
‘Seems to me you’re only really mad about what
all you like.'
His hand pressed into something cold, and viscous, and definitely not stone. He might have thought it was algae or fungus, except that as soon as he touched it, it ran away. His hand was left pressed against stone, just like on the right.
'It isn't fun,' Steve replied, unable to keep from smiling as Tony followed him to lean against the post just at the corner of the dance floor, by the band. 'And people will talk.'
Tony nearly choked in his panic. 'Why? Where are you – don't, don't leave me.'
'I need you to stay in bed just a little longer, buddy, alright? They just need to make sure you're really better.'
'I can't stand music,' Stark said, his teeth gritted, his eyes narrowing. 'I told them no music. I told them.'
Except he wasn't really thinking about Mr Stark, or only a little bit. There was only one person he really wanted to see right now. He wanted his dad.
Floundering for a lie, Steve was saved by the office door finally opening; a good half hour after their appointed time. Steve scrambled to his feet, feeling Howard Stark's dark, glowering eyes on him, looking him up and down. He turned on his heel and went back into the room, jerking his head to make Steve follow him.
'I'm glad you agree,' he purred.
'No,' Steve said, simply. For a long moment, there was silence, in which Tony fought the urge to vomit, or to cry. Then Steve added, 'It's nice to meet you, Tony.'
'Mom?'
Venom was coping with it much worse than he was. It screeched in displeasure, and some of the extra tentacles spread up to cover where it's ears should have been. It's grip slackened enough that Steve could take a deep breath, filling his lungs.
'I need to see him!' The voice was strained, thick with tears. Slurred. Steve knew that voice, too.
All Tony wanted to do was sleep. Unfortunately, Pepper was really,
For a second Stark looked startled, then he obeyed, undoing the straps and lying Peter down on the ground as Steve got the tank out, opened the valves, pressed the mask to Peter's face.
, about his time as Captain America. But on the other hand, he was
'But I love him. I love him. I love him.'
, and if he just explained maybe Stark would understand, would reciprocate – but Steve knew he wouldn't. The bottom line was, he loved Tony more than Tony loved him. It wasn't exactly news.
. Tony had noticed before, with some delight, how rarely Steve had to shave his face; but he hardly ever had to get a haircut either. It seemed like some side effect of the serum was that hair didn't really grow on Steve, which was
'From high school.'
Tony had a state-appointed lawyer, a capable middle-aged woman, who he met with every day. He liked her. She understood his desire not to 'get off', but to get to the truth. She also liked puzzles, and brought him a new one every day to try and keep him occupied. True, he solved most of them in less than five seconds, but it was a kind thought.
'Should be somewhere here,' Tony said, and as they reached the brow of the slight incline the footpath had taken them up, he said, 'Aha! There. Merry Christmas, Steve.'
'Yes sir Dad, I'll put it down just in like one more block. Oh, sir?! Sir, Ma'am?! You can't go that way! Ma'am! Stop!'
'I don't know,' Tony said, getting to his feet. 'I'd hate to see them go to waste.'
'...I didn't know you knew that about me.'
. It didn't come in time. Howard continued.
'Stark. It's just dinner.'
'You'd better hope he is, Steven,' Sarah said grimly. 'Because at the moment our best candidate is only interested if you turn into a woman.' Biting her lip in determination, she started clearing out the rest of the messages.
Steve couldn't pull him close, but he could still speak. 'I love you,' he said, quietly.
'Here's the situation,' The man said. 'My evil ex is over there, your eleven o'clock – don't look! - He's coming this way and I'd really rather not see him, so,' the stranger paused for breath. Steve felt his heart begin to hammer. He'd seen this trope in countless romcoms; but surely people didn't actually go around asking total strangers to pretend to be their date in real life? Especially not hot people with amazing eyes and, now that Steve was looking, a great body. 'I'm just gonna hide under your table,' he finished, and promptly disappeared beneath the table, the long cloth barely rippling.
Something inside Tony broke then. Only Steve. Only Steve could not only survive being blown up and buried in desert sand, and expect everybody to
'Huh?'
First to go, it is alleged, is Miss Pepper Potts, personal assistant to Mr Stark, who was instrumental in sustaining the company during Mr Stark's absence. Although she was not included in the original list of higher level executives included in the blanket firing, witnesses report that she was seen arguing with Mr Stark after the conference and was told to clear out her office.
'Don't cry,' he said, and his voice sounded so panicked and yet commanding that it came out sounding exactly the same as his orders in the middle of a battle when everything had gone wrong and he was trying to salvage the situation. Natasha laughed in a watery sort of way. She knew she ought to be even more ashamed of herself, clinging onto Steve like this, but he was so big his arms went right round her. Steve was on every side of her, holding her so close that he was almost enclosing her. She felt safe. She felt like maybe she wasn't disgusting.
'Fine. Other possibilities?'
'Groceries,' Steve said, holding up his plastic shopping bag-for-life in illustration, because of course he was such an old man that he took his own bags to the store. Tony was so dehydrated at this point that he found it endearing.
'Tony-' He said, but that was all he had time to say.
It was actually more like 1938, but Steve decided not to say that. Or anything else.
There it was. All Tony needed to get him through this.
Even that first time, the idea had been soul-destroying, heart-shattering. Steve had been determined it wouldn't happen again, except that Stark kept getting drunk, and then he would practically throw himself at Steve; and Steve would always wait until he sobered up, thinking he would change his mind, but Stark never did. And so they ended up in bed together, over and over again, night after night, and the shame and the sadness ate away at him, and he promised himself he would stop, but it was always Tony that initiated it, and Steve couldn't say no – he loved him. Pathetic as it was, he loved this man who didn't love him, and he would do anything to be near him. Even if he knew he was abusing his position, his power, even if everything about it was
'Good. Need someone to put him on the straight and narrow. We have a family history of alcoholism.' He downed the glass and poured another, impervious to Steve's harsh look. 'So,' he said, wiping his mouth. 'Stuart. Let's talk about you.'
'Eh, who even missed you?' Bucky said, giving him a friendly shove in the shoulder. Steve suspected Bucky was the one behind all this. They lived in the same apartment block and it had been Bucky that gave him a ride in this morning. He'd made Steve wait in the car whilst he sent a text message, and now Steve had a good guess as to why.
Steve gaped at him stupidly for a moment, then drew his jaw tightly closed, locking his knees so he wouldn't just get up and walk out of there. This man was intolerable. But he hadn't even asked his question yet, and Peter this so badly.
. He told himself firmly.
'No, it's not. I'm meant to be... I...' he trailed off, making a miserable noise somewhere between a sigh, a hiccup and a sob. Steve stroked his back.
'Well,' Steve said, smiling up at him, squeezing his hand tighter. 'I've got to make sure you get your money's worth.'
'Oh, trust me, blue-eyes, I can do
As his mom and the doctors explained what had happened - a transient ischaemic attack, TIA, or mini-stroke caused by his heart conditions, blah blah blah, as if Steve hadn’t been through this at least three times before – Steve’s mind was already racing ahead. Tony hadn’t left a number and his mom hadn’t thought to ask, but Steve knew where Tony would be in September. He would just have to cut his last class of the day, or maybe skip the whole first day of school, and get the bus over to Tony’s school and wait by the gates until Tony appeared and then, and then - everything.
‘They’ve made you a permanent exhibit.’ Stark pulled a tightly-folded museum leaflet from his pocket, unfolded it and started to read. ‘Due to popular demand, we’re happy to announce that this summer’s exhibit,
But neither of them moved. Peter wasn't tired, and he
'So you don't need to eat any vegetables right now.'
'Really? Not 'How are you still alive, you were born in 1918' or 'Where have you been for 70 years?''
Tony was frozen on the stairs, looking at him. There were dark circles under his eyes and his hair and clothes were dishevelled with sleep and the lingering effects of alcohol, but the shock on his face was slowly turning into a small smile. It was an
'It's more than that,' Steve insisted. 'It's his whole outlook.'
‘Oh,’ Steve said, ‘Well, that’s good. Now eat your toast.’
'Tony? Tony, sit down.' Steve's arm was under his, steering him over to a bench. Tony was surprised to find he more sort of fell onto it than sat on it. 'You can't keep that thing on,' Steve said, and a second later he had pulled the hood down off Tony's head, replacing it with his own baseball cap. Tony looked up at him, wondering if Steve wasn't worried about his own cover being blown, but no, he still had the flipflops. Tony pulled the zip down on his jacket and shrugged it off. The relief was immediate. It was still too hot, but it wasn't quite as unbearable as it had been.
Tony laughed. Meredith was the best. He turned to go back to his experiment, but she waved a hand for his attention.
'Watch where you're going,' Tony said, but he was grinning back, and something in that smile overwhelmed Steve. This wouldn't be Tony's scene, he knew, nothing
Steve knew he ought to say no. Every ounce of pride and sense he had was telling him to say no. This was a bad idea. He needed to say no.
Silence reigned for a few seconds, and Tony had just opened his mouth to say – something – to apologise, to – when Jarvis interrupted them.
'Oh,' Bucky grinned. 'Let me guess. Hmm. A medical charity? Pay for everyone's health care?'
'No, Steve, listen.' Sarah said, firmly. 'He was very impressed with your painting. He talked about it a lot, apparently he's already hung it in the hall of his apartment. And he said, if you didn't want to go through with the marriage but let him keep the painting anyway, he'd let us keep the ring.'
'It's okay.'
'It will be the end of the world if I don't get my just-engaged sex,' Tony grumbled, but reluctantly got off him and sat up, answering the phone. 'What?'
'Oh no,' Steve said, kissing Peter's hair. 'Look, you woke up Daddy. That's why you need to tell me quieter, bud.'
crush on Clarke Gable and the fact he looks at you like you're the damn
'You're pretty,' Tony rushed to reassure him. 'You're stunning.'
She didn't need to say anything else. They sat, and she held her hot water bottle and ate her chocolate, and Steve put his arm round her, and they watched a movie. If she was tense with remembering, they didn't say anything. If his hands kept clenching in anger over what had happened to her, she pretended not to notice. For now, it was fine to just sit in the warm, and not think.
Three days later, Fury finally cleared him. Steve was free to live the life he chose. If he had wanted to, he could have left Shield altogether. He'd been seriously tempted. But he hadn't know what to do instead, and Richard and Mary were his friends, and so he agreed to stay on. He would be re-trained, to make sure he was up-to-date with current procedures, and then he would be going out on active missions again. Not leading them though, not yet. Steve wasn't sure he ever wanted to do that again, not after Bucky. Richard told him to give it time.
'Go to sleep,' he said, shaking his head. It wasn't exactly the first time their paths had crossed like this.
‘Is it okay if I look?’
'No, no, come on, let's get to the bottom of this. Steven Grant Rogers, were you thinking about my ass?'
And hadn't stopped thinking about him since. It had been an agonising torture not to use the number in his phone, but he'd decided he couldn't until he was totally free. Which meant he needed to wait here for Tony Stark to show, no matter how long it took.
but no. She wasn't going to think about that. She was just going to focus on breathing in time with the steady count Jarvis was giving her, keep her heart rate down.
'Birthday?' Thor repeated. 'Is the fourth your birthday, Sheriff?'
His friends looked at each other, shrugged, shook their heads.
'I paid $5 for it, I'm not wasting it,' Steve declared, pulling a face. 'Does it just get worse as you drink more of it? That's revolting.' He sipped again.
'Nicer, huh?' Steve repeated, and he was starting to smile again. 'Okay, I can do nice.'
anything?
'Hey buddy,' he said. 'Are you okay?'
'I require a blood sample,' Jarvis said, nonchalantly.
'Two more bites,' Steve said.
Getting to Osborn's house took a while, longer than Steve wanted, but with the armour gone they had to 'borrow' a car, and no matter how recklessly you were willing to drive navigating city traffic was always going to slow you down. Then, once they arrived at the house, they had to scale the fence; easy enough for Steve, but Stark had been on another level, practically leaping over it, and as he passed Steve had seen his eyes, and there wasn't much sense left in them. He had really started to worry, then, but his priority was, as always, Peter.
'Forget about it,' Tony said, because something about the crisp air, and the beautiful view, and the way the stars turned to crystal in the water beneath made it impossible to even think about being mad. 'I've had plenty of fancy dinners. Besides, this is kind of nice too.'
. The thought struck him as strange. He could hear it being said, in Tony's voice. But it was the wrong way round. He loved Tony. Tony didn't love him. Tony wouldn't say those words to him.
Tony looked delighted and started rambling about coloured glass and hidden mirrors and generators and fuses and a whole bunch of other stuff Steve didn't understand, but he could have listened all day. Tony was gesticulating widely as he talked, thoughts so quick and large that he was unable to express himself with his words alone, the beautiful lights reflecting in his eyes.
'Look,' Steve said, trying not to lose his patience. 'He's only a kid. It would mean the world to him if you could just put in an appearance.'
'Excuse me,' he said, trying not to sound nervous or sleazy. 'I need, um, I need tampons. For my friend.'
'Steve, come on, I wasn't thinking straight when I came out of the lab but – he said
‘You read the messages?’ Stark interrupted, his voice icy cold.
'But I
The blemish was never warm.
'Still, I get it if you're pissed-'
. But there was no way she was barging past Cap to get to the bathroom, not with him standing there looking so...
'Of course,' he said, without any hesitation. He came over and took her hands, full of concern. 'Is everything alright? Are you coping okay?'
'Okay, so only small explosions.'
'Excuse me?'
‘So,’ Lily guy said, inspecting his name tag. ‘Steve. I’m Tony. And now we know each other, do you have any flowers that say
Tony wished he hadn't asked, and closed his eyes again, taking a deep breath. His guilt wouldn't bring back the dead.
Tony considered this. He felt weird, lighter, somehow, but bereft. Unsure what to say, he hugged his arms over his chest and realised what he had subconsciously already known: that his flight suit was gone, that Venom was gone.
Bucky raised his eyebrows. 'You really want to go down that route with me, Stark?'
Steve must have felt her body tensing, because he said, sounding considerably mortified, 'You know, up until you asked for them I thought tampons were condoms for ladies.'
,' Tony complained, burying his face into Steve's chest now that his pillow had gone. 'But don't they know people are trying to sleep?'
'Peter!' He said, racing forward, not even thinking about what he was going to do, so desperate was he to get Peter away, away from anything that could hurt him, he was on Venom's
Peter didn't remember too well what had happened. He thought he had woken up in the middle of the night, and Mr Stark had turned his playlist off because
They made it work. Peter grew loving, and intelligent, and bore with the limitations of his condition with great patience for a young child. If it weren't for the bed time battles over the oxygen tank (pre-paint job) that would keep him alive through the night and the strange obsession with Iron Man, he would have been perfect. Then again, to Steve, he was perfect anyway.
. The stupid, stupid
'Weeks. Maybe two months, if you keep him here. Less, probably, at home. But... you should consider his quality of life, too. He may be happier at home, with you.'
Tony was right in front of him. It was his laugh that drew Steve's attention. He was sitting on a bench with Steve's doppleganger, sharing an ice cream cone along with the joke. There was a ring on his finger.
'You're a blacksmith!'
Tony rolled his eyes. Ever since Steve had moved in after marrying Tony four months ago, he and Jarvis were becoming more and more alike. A united front, behaving like his parents.
Bucky snorted. 'Sure, Mr Pride with a side of Morals. I'll believe that when I see it.'
'Perfect,' Tony said. He'd planted a bug on Steve for this exact purpose, so that Jarvis could listen in on the meeting. He'd remove it the moment his husband (and he still loved saying that,
, again. Steve tried to smile, and quietly succumbed to unconsciousness.
'Nope, no problem,' Stark said. 'Not a care in the world, Cap.' With that, he rounded the corner out of sight.
. The song had been Tony's choice of drunken serenade the first night Steve had stayed here. The nickname, though significantly less scandalous than some of the ones Tony used when they were alone, never failed to make Steve blush.
He looked confused, and then, suddenly, it clicked. Natasha could tell he had finally got it because of how awkward he suddenly looked. 'Oh, you mean... women's... sorry. Can I help?'
That, at last, stopped Steve in his tracks. 'Tony...'
Steve smacked at it with the shield, but it didn't seem to make any difference, the thing only laughed, squeezed tighter.
'Hey,' Tony said, eventually, his turn to smirk now. 'Which shoes was it, anyway?' And he laughed as Steve blushed all over again.
Something inside Tony melted, and it was some time before they had the breath to speak again.
'I congratulate you on a most romantic proposal,' Thor said to him, though he himself would have added a little more in the way of declarations of love. He reached for a drink all the same, ready to celebrate the occasion. 'A simple promise, given in the heart of danger, to be committed to one another forever! What else is a marriage meant to be? I wish you every happiness and I will ensure your nuptials are the most blessed in the Nine Realms.'
'Steve...'
'I'm fine, Tony.' Steve let his arms drop. He'd forgotten they were fighting. 'How long was I gone?'
, thinking of the ludicrously flashy engagement ring still sitting on his dresser. But he hadn't sent a return gift yet, hadn't even started painting it, so he wasn't technically off the market just yet. He slipped the pink band on next to the blue. The Diva cooed sympathetically.
, and none of the things he should have been able to say,
‘Mr Stark!’ Peter hadn’t wanted to get up again that day, but now he was peering round the door to his room, and once he saw who it was, he beamed and ran across the room, throwing his arms round Stark’s waist. Steve had never seen him greet anyone like that, except himself.
But it was fine, Tony told himself. It was easy. Save the kid, and the Captain would be so grateful he would tumble into bed with him without crying all over his covers.
' He giggled wheezily, and Steve suddenly realised that Osborn was insane.'I just wanted to see how it was done, how you'd done it. It was
‘Just someone from work.’
'Thank you. Mr Stark, my name is Captain Rogers, I was wondering if I could-'
'Tomorrow,' Steve said, nodding to a young couple just passing by. Right. No confidential information to be discussed on a public bench. 'You need to take better care of yourself, Tony. I know you like your work, but you're a grown man. You can't run yourself into the ground like this. It's irresponsible.'
? Urrgh. You poor thing.'
'What were you going to do if I said no?' Tony asked.
! Things have changed a little since then, Cap! Women can have jobs and everything!'
Blissfully unaware that anything was wrong, Peter was burbling happily, patting Tony's beard with his tiny hands. The sun was falling against his side, warming him. He hadn't realised how cold he had been. He felt his eyes begin to water.
. There was no other way to describe it.
, even though he was never nice about anything else, and told him it was
It had been hard enough even finding the correct aisle. Women's deodorants were not next to men's deodorants, but at the other end of the store, and Steve had walked past it three times because he didn't think deodorant would fall under the 'Health and Beauty' sign hanging over the aisle itself. Natasha had told him to hurry- she had been so upset- and he had wasted so much time.
'Superstitious nonsense,' Tony said, without thinking, because if Steve listened to him, it was going to have the exact opposite effect to the one he wanted. He stepped forward slightly, gripping Steve's hand tighter, and hastily added, 'But I'd hate to break a tradition. Uh, assuming you don't want to.'
Steve nodded. 'Thanks,' he said, and headed for the door. Peggy climbed to her feet too, catching his wrist.
'Steve!' He said, lighting up with delight and relief, dropping the ice cream cone on the floor. 'There you are! Guess I'm finally done with this guy.'
Maybe Tony felt it too. Maybe he was here to ask for his number. Steve’s heart started to hammer again.
After a moment, he woke up enough to realise that he had been woken by the sound of Peter crying over the baby monitor, and swung his legs out of bed. Then, across the crackle of the monitor, came another voice.
Peter was trying so hard to sound strong and heroic, but the way his voice creaked at the end made Tony's heart ache for him. And then start to pound, because if this rift was capable of something like this
'We're grateful for your work, Tony, but-'
Their generation had been slightly more open about the situation. Before war came, when the main priorities in life were getting a job and getting a girl, Steve and Bucky had both been turned down on more than one occasion because the girl had
Of course, there was a chance this was a trap, that someone at the hospital would snap a photo or swear to a statement telling the police he was Iron Man and that the Captain would try to arrest him at dinner. He was confident he could, as usual, quickly deal with any such a someone and situation, but there was no point in taking unnecessary risks.
But what? Tony himself had put the privacy protocol in place, so that Jarvis wouldn't rat him out if there was something he'd rather Steve didn't know, usually when he was working on something reckless or over-ambitious.
