“Are you so eager for a return to war that you’ve forgotten what the last one was like?” He snapped, drawing the wary eyes of the women. “Or that the Captain is one of those men whose lives you’re so willing to throw at all your imagined enemies?”
Tony knelt, hoisting the small boy into his arms with a grunt. Artur thankfully did not lash out this time and when he wrapped his thin arms around Tony’s neck and clung -burying his tear stained face into his shirt and just wept - Tony shuddered, holding him all the tighter.
“Didn't think you’d be up this early Stark,” Bucky growled just as Stefen chimed in with, “how did it go?”
“For anything you…” Stefen motioned over Stark’s body with a pained grimace. “Might have experienced.”
Steve understood the subtle warning and swallowed down his ire, attempting to look more like he was enjoying himself.
"Anya! Anya you must stop. I won't hurt you." Tony tried, but the girl kept on kicking and thrashing as if she hadn't heard him at all.  And then a thought came to him. "Wanda! Wanda Lehnsherr stop this instant!"
Péter was tempted to yank his hand away just to check but that would only draw attention to it if there was. He forced himself to hold still, as if nothing at all could possibly be wrong.
Growing up, Tony had loved to irritate his father. He made no secret of that, but his choice to embrace his Italian heritage in favor of everything else, in truth, had always had more to do with his mother than Hughard.
don't.” Tony whispered against his shoulder, hot breath penetrating through Steve’s shirt. Leaning back and smoothing out the wrinkles he’d made, Tony looked up at him.
Some of the buildings had been gutted for more modern apartments and shops, but many of them still bore their medieval foundations. The smoke blackened brick at the base of a butchers shop still told the story of when Albert "the Magnanimous" Duke of Austria, had ordered all the Jews arrested back in the fifteenth century. Some had gone into the mix of a collection of two hundred who were publicly burned, while the rest had been deported from the city.
"This is a problem," he chuckled breathlessly, easing Steve back into the pillows despite himself, allowing him to draw Tony down over him with his insistent grip.
“Yes, Herr Stark, what is it?” Stefen asked in a clipped tone, and Tony twitched. He wrapped his arms behind his back to give his hands something to do besides ball into fists.
This shouldn’t have happened! He always slept nearest the door so he could defend the others when trouble came and always known when any of the others got up in the middle of the night. Steve reached for his shoes, and though he tried to move quickly and quietly, the door, when he reached it, opened with a creak and woke Tony.
“We’ll be famous either way. That’s not really in question,” Staff Sergeant Kroger said from his place on the floor adjacent to Private Johans. He was in the processes of cleaning his rifle for the third time.
"Yes, it's good for you to laugh. You won't have to listen to Herr Hammer going on for hours about the disrespect we've shown the Reichland by serving overly browned toast."
’ gypsies. He had only a hunch, but he would put money on it that the true culprits had nothing to do with the unlucky people who had picked the wrong city to camp outside of.
"Yes.” Stefen admitted, low and eerily calm. Tony closed his eyes with a shudder and Stefen’s thumbs stroked over the back of Tony’s arms. Then he was twisting his arms out of Tony’s grasp and pulling away. “But not tonight. They'll want a show and that will buy the resistance time. Bucky will know what to do."
"You want to help." Steve repeated, sounding dull witted despite the electric pulse in his veins. He didn’t know what to do with that revelation. Had hardly dared to hope that such an outcome was possible since meeting with Coulson.
“I'll bring a plate of apfelstrudel” Kurt announced brightly walking away with a pep in his step. So it was the celebrity then and not his company, that had brightened Kurt’s day. While Kurt had tolerated Steve as his commanding officer he'd never gotten on well with Bucky.
Despite the fear she’d shown on the dock Maria was not the most difficult child to teach the fine sport of swimming. That dubious honor (unexpectedly) went to Sara.
He did not know what to think about any of it as Sam nodded farewell and climbed into the waiting vehicle.
The first day he’d been awake enough to wash himself she had watched him, shaking and shivering in his nakedness underneath his blankets. She had stared at him for a long time, all wariness and trepidation bleeding away until her expression was blank. She’d left without a word as she usually did, only to come back a few minutes late and toss a pair of trousers at him.
Hammer’s sympathies with the Nazi Party were not a secret, and had certainly put a strain on their relationship over the past year; but Steve had resisted letting him go on those grounds alone.  The butler had served his family diligently and faithfully all these years, and took an uncanny amount of pride in his position. Hammer had talked so proudly of the long line of fine butlers in his family when Steve had first hired him. In truth he and Peggy had few options, after the scandal of her pregnancy and her engagement to a nobody from nowhere had made her the black sheep of Austrian high society. Hammer had been one of the only men they’d interviewed who didn’t seem bothered by Steve’s low social standing.
“A baby, or stupid, or too young to know things. We know.” Natacha cut him off churlishly and Tony sighed. Yes, organizing space in the loft was the first order of business, if only because he was sure that if all seven of the Rogers children were forced to occupy the same room any longer there would inevitably be bloodshed.
Natacha answered promptly, voice as level and as emotionless as Tony had ever heard it. Polite as anything.
“I’ll see to that children, it’s outside until dinner.” She turned to Tony even as she began herding the reluctant children towards the door.
That high in the alps with the clouds hanging low it was easy to see where the house had gotten its name. The story in the family was that her Grandfather Abel Vontrapp had built it as a wedding present for his swiss bride, the incomparably beautiful Henriette Seyler. Whose fortune they say had saved the family from the mismanagement of Abel’s father. A man whose love for gambling and expensive women was well documented.
Tony waggled his eyebrows suggestively and Stefen smiled, though it still seemed sad around the edges. His thoughts were still clearly on the lonely boy Tony had been, and maybe in a similar fashion, the lonely Romani boy that still lived somewhere inside of him.
They were all smitten with her, but Natacha in particular seemed in awe, the two of them giggling and whispering together as Susann took her measurements in such a feminine way that it made Steve itch uncomfortably. He was used to Natacha being so reserved and, well, sensible. He didn’t think he liked the secretive giggling and sly looks they kept giving him. He kept having to stifle the urge to make sure his shirt wasn’t untucked.
“This is about your company," the captain stated after a long moment. Damn his eyes. Tony tried not to clench up, refuting.
The men seemed eager to leave, and Tony couldn’t blame them in the face of Stefen’s dangerous glower. Tony saw them to the door and shut it firmly in their wake, but he could only really breathe again when he walked back through the doors of the sitting room and Stefen, who was kneeling next to the lounge that Natacha had been set in, looked up at him, the threat of violence still a ghost in his eyes, balanced on a precarious edge.
“Long ago, there was a young woman whose name was Sara. She was born into a roma tribe called the Lăutari
Péter ran off to the fireplace and Ian followed him, an eager gleam in his eye. Their boisterous energy seemed to spill over onto Artur who began to bounce on his feet in anticipation. They’d even drawn James’ curious eyes, though the younger boy kept his usual scowl firmly in place.
Tony couldn’t help but still at her words, thinking of the mouse Artur had caught awhile back and how he’d teased his younger sisters with it before Tony had intervened. All he could see was Natacha taking notes in her journal, watching Tony try and choral the circus Artur and his latest little friend had created with a smirk on her face.
“Indeed that’s likely.” Vonkov sneered in reply and Göring’s wife who was sitting on Steve’s left, quickly took a sip of her wine to cover her grin. Though Steve couldn’t have been more uncomfortable Tony seemed unfazed either by the looks or the spectacle he and Vonkov were providing for Göring and his guests. He sipped the wine in his cup delicately with a deeply thoughtful expression, like he was weighing something heavy in his mind.
“Hold on a minute. Firstly, yes in theory it is possible to create elements. But we’re no closer to simply creating what we need than we are from pulling them from nature, and while I am all in favor of not letting the fact that no one has done it before stop us, you seem to have forgotten that I receive a small salary which is hardly going to cover the expense of the materials, so money is in fact a huge deterrent.”
Captain Altera had been nothing more than a god damned bully, whose own smallness of mind and prejudice made it possible for him to frame those he saw as less than himself for crimes they had not committed. She was not to blame!
Tony sucked in a harsh breath, his heart aching. Promise number one: never lie to them. He’d made the children very few promises but he remembered that one.
As Péter left the library that afternoon and looked toward the center of the square where his brothers and sisters waited by the fountain, he was struck by all the differences a few months could make.
He’d put up with one visit from a doctor upon first arriving, but as soon as he had confirmation that his injuries were healing and that he’d heal with more time and rest, Stefen had promptly begun his campaign to break his body back into shape. Given the nature of the injuries he was still healing from, Tony could only imagine that pushing himself daily that way was an agony, but Tony did not get up at god-awful in the morning to sit out here in the cold for nothing. He did it to watch for signs of blood and bruises because Stefen didn’t even feel it sometimes, when he started to bleed.  It was like Grig had said, Stefen had turned to wood. He took whatever pain or pleasure came his way, weathering it all from the same distance.
Stark would take care of the children. He believed that much. He’d never admit to such out loud, but in that way, Steve had chosen his unclean lover well. Whatever else the man’s faults, Bucky was certain he’d never leave the children. And if there was anyone smart enough to find a way out of the reach of the Reich it was probably going to be Antony Stark.
They finally stopped at a building in the center of the quarter. Sandwiched between two square buildings it had a white stone façade, with detailed stone columns on either side of the doorway. The rose window over the entrance would have given it away as a place of worship, even if not for the gold plaque by the doors that declared it to be the ‘Synagogue of Nice’.
Unbeknown to the rest of the world a scout watched the odd pair enter the church from the upstairs window adjacent to the steeple. He took note of the color of the woman's lips, relaxing marginally as he turned from the window and gestured to the other men occupying the storage room. It was an old office, perhaps used by the priest once upon a time before the addition of the new sanctuary. It was used now to store odd pieces of furniture and other odds and ends. And for the last month it had been the primary headquarters for the resistance effort to rescue Major Rogers.
Tony paused outside the captain’s study, unsure why his heart had begun a steady pounding in his chest. He wiped his sticky (not sweaty mind you) palms on his trousers and shook off the uncharacteristic bout of nerves (because if the likes of Frauline Werner didn't make him sweat, neither should Stefen Rogers) and rapped smartly on the study door.
“Scare her? She’s not some poor woman with a Slavic brute breathing down her neck, what’s she got to be scared of?” Hammer laughed, wiping the residue of his breakfast away in a ridiculously fastidious way considering his earlier chewing like cattle.
He shook his head against the nagging that kept buzzing at the back of his skull. What did it matter if he wasn't privy to Fischer’s orders. The man was acting on orders from men higher than Dvorak and that was that. Nothing he could do. Nothing he wanted to do for that matter.  Rogers was a thorn, and a fool, and Dvorak made a point never to be either where the Reich was concerned. He didn't have a death wish, unlike his insufferable comrade.
Beyond that, it's fairly simple. It's an incredibly beautiful song with a haunting and soul felt message that reaches across languages and continents. There have been many translations over the years, and while each is unique, the heart of the song still manages to transport its listeners to a place of love and longing, we believe, perfectly capturing the fear of the encroaching darkness that our characters experience, and the way they hold onto love for the strength to find their way. Time to Say Goodbye is a beautiful love song because at its heart, it's about saying goodbye to fear (together).
He was considering kicking the damned thing down when the noise inside abruptly cut and a moment later Tony swung the door open, his mouth set in an irritated scowl and his tone snapping with impatience as he glowered, “What! Stefen I’-”
"I am not German!" Wanda hissed, yanking violently on a fist full of grass until she tore it from the ground and Péter flinched away. She began muttering fiercely in that language that Péter didn't understand, but he got the feeling she wasn't saying anything positive.
When Ian cycled back to them asking loudly about all the different shops and Tony realized that a month ago he would have been blessed to hear a full paragraph from the child, he had the thought that however it had begun, and however the trip ended, he would count it as a success.
"Does that surprise you?" Tony asked with a sardonic lift of his brow, though he hardly needed Bruce to answer. Nobody in their right mind would place their bets on Antony Stark making a great tutor, least of all Tony.
It sounded rehearsed even to Tony but that didn’t matter. They just had to keep saying it over and over until the Germans believed.
"Brava!" Tony cheered along with the others as the pair finished with a flourish. There was an altogether too appealing flush of pink in Stefen's cheeks as he lowered the instrument, not quite willing to catch anyone's eye. But his eyes did flick toward Péter, who was smiling broadly and clapping along with everyone else and Stefen struggled and lost the fight to keep a smile off his face.
“James, buddy, let it go. That’s no way to speak to your Da.” And before Stefen could open his mouth to add his two cents, he snapped in the captain’s direction.  “And any time you want to quit arguing with an eight-year-old, Charlotte’s waiting on us.”
“With my life.” Kirk replied with immediate conviction and Bucky could only let it go in the face of that kind of certainty. “Now what is it you want Bakhuizen? Another run?”
"Péter, your face!" Artur gasped, halting the game of skipping rocks he'd been playing with James when he caught sight of his older brother.
He took a breath and reached for his daughter’s arm, doing his best to gentle his voice and wincing at how raw it still sounded.
The bitter thought sat heavy in Tony's stomach and he grimaced. To be fair (and why did it always feel so important to be fair) Tony didn't have the first clue how to help them either. What did you even say after the things that they had witnessed. It's alright? It wasn’t. It won't happen again? It would. You'll be fine? Maybe they wouldn’t be.
There was something unsavory indeed about a woman walking alone in the dark. She wasn’t dressed like a woman out to catch a John and the furtive glances she kept casting over her shoulder made it clear she was anxious not to be seen. Perhaps not a whore but an unfaithful wife, he mused to himself watching her, mouth curling in distaste. Off to meet her lover in the dark no doubt.
By the woman's own admission, the doctor had not treated anyone in over half a year. So surely any fool could reason he was not responsible for whatever illness had struck down the major?
He panted for breath, trying to work open the button on Stefen’s slacks without the vantage of sight, but Stefen was making it difficult with the way he was kissing him and pressing his palm against Tony’s cock.
A few moments later thirst got the better of him and he made his way to the kitchen, stepping over the men sleeping on the floor.
It was no wonder to him anyway why he’d become a man of music and Stevie had stayed a man of war. Steve had never been allowed to put the captain at rest. He’d been needed too much and God knew that Steve would always come through when needed. It was a mercy really that Peggy had come along.
Discarding the thought to the growing pile reserved for ‘irrelevant day dreams’ Tony picked up the photo, flipped the frame over to read the inscription:
No one could be trusted. No one was to really know how organized or how wide spread the resistance was. No one but Niklas himself, Tony didn’t doubt.
“Ach, the Germans can’t force us to forget we are Italian. That will never change for us.” Antonia wiped his cheek with her thumb as if he had a smudge of dirt there. Considering that every knock on the door sent him down to the dirt cellar it wasn’t impossible.
They seemed to think that Rogers was important to people, that they had to be careful in how they handled his removal. Ha. The man put on airs just because he had the stupidity to go and get shot at and survive, but he was just polish trash. Little better than a beast of the field when it came down to it, rutting with whatever would hold still long enough.  He was not better than Jürgen, an honest hardworking German, just luckier. That’s what he’d do as soon as they handed over the estate to him, he’d find himself a pretty little thing with money. Give her a nice ride or two, and before you know it they’ll be calling him Sir Hammer.
"A pain in the ass, sir?" Lt. Becker suggested good naturally. Dvořák laughed. That was right. Becker enjoyed the good Captain. Thought of him fondly like, some irritating sibling.
Down below him the work-band began its warbled morning tune. Rising high in the air and bouncing off of the stone walls, it was no less beautiful for how weary it sounded. Even with Fiedor’s endless stare pinning him to his rack it was that sound, that tune, that raised the hair on the back of Steve’s neck. Steve shifted on his rack, his restraint rubbing against raw skin as he rolled onto his side. He sucked in a pain filled breath as the stitches from the incisions pulled at his side.
“No, they won’t. I won’t let them. Tony stop. Look at me!” Tony stilled beneath his hands, eyes fixing on Steve like he was the only thing solid in the room, his breathes coming in hitched gulps.
“He never talks about her.” Ian denied with a shake of his head and a startlingly contemptuous expression. “He forgot all about her, and mother.”
While Cameron scurried off to report to Hammer, Tony showed the remaining Klein’s to the spare room he’d spent most the evening emptying.
A rabid dog must be put down, but its service should not be forgotten. He was unsure whether the General felt the same, but he would do what he could.
Stefen didn’t sound as if he could finish, but Tony wasn’t going to let him regardless. He didn’t need to know where those words could have lead if he’d managed to get his tongue around them. Tony knew what he wanted, and what the damn concrete floor beneath their feet said about what Stefen wanted and he didn't want to spend another moment thinking about their fears!
Cigar smoke and expensive cologne filled Tony’s nose and for a moment, he was transported years in the past. He was small again, looking up at this man with so much trust and admiration, so much gratefulness when he would drop down to Tony’s eye level to impart an encouragement or a soothing word after one of Hughard’s tirades. From that vantage point it was nearly impossible to believe that Farkas was right in his suspicions. His uncle Obi, his very own godfather, organizing the murder of his parents? Tony’s murder if Hughard hadn’t been one step ahead.
"But so you know, I have nothing at all against getting married when I am finished with my schooling. And if it is my womanly duty to find only the best, well then I am determined to do exactly that."
The man at the door just blinked at him, giving no sign whatsoever that he'd understood before he's slid the metal slate back in place with a firm thud.
He wrapped a hand around himself, and jolted in surprise unable to cut off his whimper. He hadn't even been aware he'd slid his hand down his stomach to palm at himself, but now that he'd started he couldn't seem to stop.
Carefully they made their way toward the residential side of the city. The focus that had wrapped itself around Steve steadying his heartbeat and numbing him to anything that wasn’t keeping them moving and taking down anything (or anyone) that got in their way.
“They’re facilitating a cleanup, James” Péter explained. “It doesn’t look good, all that junk littering the streets.”
Stefen’s face sagged with relief as Tony pressed his point firmly, glaring at Coulson all the while. “You take that cursed thing with you when you leave. You hand it off yourself to whatever poor bastard agrees to take it.”
Schmidt reached for his plate again and took a bite. Again came the soft wet sounds of mastication, teeth ripping thin layers of bread, pummeling them, then the obscene sound of Schmidt swallowing almost thunderous in the silence.
That was the trouble really. Steve wanted to see Tony boneless and dazed with pleasure and not just the once, but always. Tony should always be so happy. Then he wouldn’t talk about cages and spying on the Nazis when there was no reason at all for him to put himself in danger. He would go with the children to Switzerland and wait for Steve, until either they’d successfully assassinated Hitler or Britain invaded. Whichever came first.
Dvořák turned as the door creaked open again and one of their new Staff Sergeants entered, clutching two trays. His stomach instantly rumbled at the smell of nickel bread and fish. Ah, it was far past time for a meal.
But Tony wasn’t a soldier. He didn’t have to see the horrors or face all the horrible parts of himself that war would bring out, and Steve didn’t
Stefen stared back at him for a moment, fondness creeping into his tone as he murmured that he’d never doubted it for a second; but it couldn’t completely smooth away the worry in his eyes. Best to assist him with that, Tony decided. He’d read often that good deeds must be rewarded, and the Captain had been nothing if not good to him these last few days.
Steve still remembered back to his first day of training camp. How he’d had tried to make himself blend in with the others, but Phillips had taken one look at him and known he was too young to be there.
Tony’s throat constricted, and he lowered his head, unable to finish the thought. It was still so hard, after all these years, to think about his parents. He jerked slightly in surprise as Stefen’s hand cupped one side of his neck, the unexpected touch drawing his gaze back up until their eyes met again – Stefen's clear and bright, as well as firm in their conviction.
Accepting Stefen’s proposal was the most sensible thing for her to do, but in all truthfulness Charlotte had never been the sort of woman to sacrifice for practicalities sake alone. She and Margrit had always had that in common. No matter how practical it was, she never would have sat there listening to Captain Rogers earnest but ultimately insulting proposition if she did not love him. While she had certainly not cared for him much in that particular moment, they’d shared enough previous ones to keep a flame kindled within her heart. It was not as easy as she would like, forgetting the first moment she’d ached for him. That night long ago when he’d been lost and alone in that ballroom, waiting for the crowd to part and some ray of light to return to him. She’d thought even then that she could save him, if fate would allow.
The metal under his fingers shook with heavy footsteps before a gruff voice called out, “Stark!” Tony let go of the platform with shock, stumbling backward and nearly losing his balance. He looked up just in time to see Bucky standing in the doorway, dragging James who was struggling with all his might against Bucky’s grip.
Tony did his best to keep them occupied with lessons and to keep their mind off of worry, but as the days stretched with no sign or word from Stefen it grew harder and harder to keep up appearances.  He was forced to begin making arrangements for Péter’s passage to Switzerland, even though the thought of sending Péter off without knowing what had happened to his father kept him up at night. Péter’s excitement had dimmed with each passing day, and Tony knew that it was weighing heavily on him. Tony worried the boy would decide not to go, and that he might have the horrible task of forcing him to for his own good.
"Leave us alone." The boy warned edging his sister backward until their were pressed up against the edge of the bed. "We won't go back."
Artur, closest to the window, was studiously watching a fly buzz about as he mouthed along with his siblings. Tony imagined they could have started denouncing god right in the middle of the classroom and the boy might not have noticed. James was in danger of nodding off and Sara had actually fallen asleep curled up in her chair, sucking on one tiny balled fist.
Steve grasped her hand and she pulled him up and out of the crate he’d come to believe would be his coffin. He set his feet down on soft soil, covered in a thin layer of retreating show, the air crisp and cool around him. Behind them, down in the valley, the lights of Shillersee burned brightly in the windows of sleepy houses, and the lake stretched out like a soft velvet blanket.
there. And since he was where Steve was not, Bucky used his time antagonizing and playing hide-and-seek with the SS who came through the area, leaving signs of vagrancy at a few local farms, and even once letting a woman who was setting her table catch a glimpse of him sneaking into her barn.
“You were alright, “Tony belatedly answered James’ earlier question, slowly wading closer to the captain and Ian. “He probably thought you were being silly.” And then just for good measure.
.  He was sure it was curses now, as his back bowed, and he managed to pull back in time for when that burning ball of pleasure burst inside in one shattering climax.
“And since we’ve all had enough heavy thoughts for a lifetime we’re going learn a bit more about music now and be grateful that we’re together, happy, and that I’m beautiful.”
"Oi. Can you believe this about the Major?" The gentlemen in the cap grunted drawing Deiter's attention with a snap of the paper he held in his hands. Lt. Steven's shifted, uncomfortable with discussing the majors arrest with a virtual stranger. The whole thing was a tragedy as far as he was concerned.
Days without word. It was beginning to wreak havoc on Tony's equilibrium. He knew that there had not been enough time for Stefen to have gotten his letters and replied to them, but he could not help his anxiousness. The last broadcast from British Intelligence had not struck him as favorable. What did it mean that Wendy was home alone? It could mean anything, but Tony could not shake the cold feeling of dread that lay heavy in his stomach or the foreboding sense that something had gone terribly wrong.
It was silent in the room for a long horribly tense moment as he stared at it, and then finally he lifted his eyes to look at Tony once more.
“Of course, they left without me anyway. I was so mad at them and so upset, until James found me.” Somehow, Tony knew that Natacha was not speaking about her brother but about Bucky.  James would have been old enough to walk then, but even so, there was something in the way she said Bukhuzien’s name that set it apart from all the rest. There had always been for as long as Tony had known her.
But if Steve were honest, the distance had started before then. Peggy's death had changed Steve… and he knew not for the better. It had been hard on Bucky too, and hard on top of that to try and prop Steve up only to be pushed away at every turn. Steve had insisted on grieving alone and Bucky had left shortly after that for Hungry. He knew logically that Bucky had his family still to support, but somehow he'd not quite comprehended that Bucky would leave and then truly be gone.
“This won’t last very long.” Natacha remarked, holding the small wrinkled bar they found in her palm and looking up at Tony with worry. Working with Bruce in the abbey infirmary had taught Tony well the importance of hygiene for good health. They’d need to keep things clean, or else sickness would set in.
He needed a drink, which was perfect because somehow, he’d made his way toward the beer barrels he realized as the kitchen girl Hortense shoved a full foaming mug into his hands with a bright smile.
Tony swallowed back the violent urge to protest. She'd made her point, she was not a child any longer, but that very fact only made Tony want to howl with outrage and beat at strangers.
Steve leaned back and heaved a long heavy breath. He had no regrets about keeping his family safe, but for the first time in a long while he’d had the pleasure of making Péter happy and he was very, very pleased.
It was actually two rooms, a richly furnished private suite connected to a smaller room which provided an additional bedroom and bath. They were led into the presidential suite through a spacious entry hall decorated in bright colors and fine old furnishings. Beyond it was an equally spacious sitting room with three doors – one on the right leading into the conjoining suite, and the two on the left leading to the master bedroom (its crowning feature a truly enormous canopy bed with silk curtains) and a small guest room. The sitting room opened up to an elegant dining room just large enough by Tony’s reckoning to host them all.
But even as he thought it Bucky went stiff, and where Stefen would have taken the bait and continued to argue with him, Bucky just stared at him, his eyes glittering dangerously, like he was considering slitting his throat.
Maria looked at him from under her lashes and muttered something that could have been German. Maybe. Tony highly doubted it.
Steve would have to go to St. Péter’s and speak with the abbot. If Tony had ever made it to Engzell Abbey Farkas was the only one who might know.
She dropped her keys into Hogan’s outstretched palm without further acknowledging his existence as Hammer stepped forward with chest puffed out and arm raised in salute.
“We went all over,” Péter reminisced. “She wanted us to see all the places she’d been in Austria. I don’t know why.”
“Well we’ve already got a varnish; paint is just a colored coating. Show me your tongue,” Tony instructed, and James opened his mouth wide perfunctorily before closing it just as quick to ask, “How do we get it to turn red? How do you make dye?”
feel better. Tony still shuddered to think of how close they’d come to losing it all. How close they still were.
“I’m not sure,” he finally mumbled, dropping his eyes into his cup of chocolate. “Everything really looks the same up here and usually I’m with da. We were following the road up, but I lost it.”
Tony paled as he saw a flash of movement in the rearview. Behind him, Clint popped up from the back of the truck. With pistol pointed he let loose two rapid shots before dropping back down, quick as a mole back into its hole, blonde hair flashing and cheeks ruddy with exertion.
Any shame he had about losing his shirt to wounds had long since fled but she was familiar in a way that very little was anymore. That held its own embarrassment, as well as danger. Somehow he felt more exposed with his shirt open than he had that morning practically naked in the washroom.
Stevie would never choose his own life over anyone else's, and Bucky had sworn long ago that he’d do the choosing for him.
Stefen closed his eyes as Tony claimed his mouth tilting his head to grant him better access, and Tony wished with every frantic beat of his heart that it was possible to live inside a kiss.
Still, when Tony furtively got his attention with a hand on his arm and a questioning glance, Steve gave him a small private smile. The fleeting little thing was meant to tell him he was okay, but Tony resolved himself to keep a close eye and intervene if his energy lagged much further.
Tony disappeared towards the front doors determined to find James and the others now that he had an idea where he might find them (down by the lake), judging by the water on those pants. He'd told them to go play not start a civil war!
As Artur scrambled to show him all the parts of the completed little boat and describe the litany of colors he was going to paint it, Steve listened. The sun shone down on them and the breeze tickled Artur’s blond hair; and slowly the energy that had wound Steve up tight after meeting with Franz began to leak out of him. In its wake was something quiet and still, but for once the quiet did not unnerve him.
Festivities, Tony? Maria questioned, standing up on the tip of her toes to watch along with the others while Tony began to lay the pine cones on the large flat stone that Péter had brought back.
Tony’s eyes darted to Stefen to see that the captain had frozen and was watching Bucky with his hands clenched tightly at his sides.  Janneke and Bucky made the rounds, weaving their way through the crowded ballroom to make their hellos with the host. Thankfully everyone was too busy watching Fraulein Van Dyne to pay attention to the captain’s tortured expression, or to notice that his hands had started to shake before he shoved them behind his back and stiffened his spine.
"Why are these people here?" Tony asked, pausing before a cell that contained a group of frightened individuals with dirty faces, including a young man cradling a girl in a bloodied nightgown.
There was no one there. The room was empty with no sign of life. Boxed up and sterile as if it were just waiting for its master to return, and not at all as if it had been home to his family for months.
Still, Péter had held mixed feelings about joining the other boys in the program. Harry talked it up, but then again Harry was excited about training for the army.
“He’s not cut like they are.” The older man announced after a long moment, getting up from where he knelt by the stove as if what had just happened were commonplace. He sounded bored even, and Ian was struck with a strange surge of fury, completely at odds with the way he began to cry as he scrambled to pull up his pants.
“Well then we’ll have to make the time. Won’t we?” he announced, to the cheers of all except Maria who looked extremely worried by this.
them something!” Charlotte cried as Father turned away from her, his uncombed hair falling in front of his eyes. Natacha had the wild thought that he should cut it or he wouldn’t meet army regulations.
It was still in the sitting room a moment while she contemplated his proposal, fumbling and awkward as it had been. There was a sad look in her eyes that burned through him. She didn’t deserve this, he thought bitterly, but despite the look in her eyes she began to smile.
“You promised!” Tony shouted and Steve backed up a few steps and jolted forward, jumping for the sill as Tony reached down for him. For one horrible lurching moment he imagined that he was simply going to drag Tony back inside with him, head first, but then there were hands grabbing at his arms and back. With a strength Steve wasn’t prepared for, Tony grunted and heaved, holding onto him tight as he yanked him up.
Tony cleared his throat to make his presence known before he resumed climbing the stairs; because he’d long ago learned the thing about lurking around eavesdropping on conversations was that the longer you lingered the greater your chances were of getting caught.
Steve stood there trembling, his heart beating wildly and lungs heaving, while Magda stared at her brother’s still form, her face drained of blood and expression. Without a word she bent down and touched a hand to his mouth. Her shoulders sagged with relief when she felt his breath ghosting over her fingertips.
The editor seemed to appreciate their enthusiasm and got into the spirit of things, so that the hours had flown by before either of them really realized it; but by the end, the three of them were in the dark room with their shirt sleeves up, Péter's pictures drying on the line.
The challenge was to create an antenna powerful enough to broadcast waves at high enough frequency to reach London, but on a miniature scale. Funnily enough it was the miniature part that was the most challenging aspect of the whole ordeal. That and he could only work at night after most of the staff had gone and the children put to bed, so he was stuck with working under lamp light and straining his eyes.
“Everything we do together is supposed to be dirty Stefen,” Tony pointed out, opening his eyes when he felt he had control of himself.
“How old were you?” Tony asked, sympathy lacing his tone and Ian hunched further in on himself until he was almost hugging his knees. He didn’t answer.
Artur’s company had been nice, made his stomach less wibbly, but then Artur had fallen asleep, his face buried in Ian’s shoulder. Ian let out a shaky breath. His thoughts inevitably turning once more to his father leaving.
Happy New Year! Moving into the two year anniversary of this story we just wanted to take a moment to thank each of you for supporting us. When we started brainstorming we quickly realized this story was going to be a war-time epic, but we had no real idea how long of a journey that was going to be. We appreciate uniquely those of you who continue to take the time to leave your feedback.  As readers we know the many varied reasons why that doesn't always happen, but as writers there is nothing so encouraging or as affirming as hearing a response from your audience. You continue to give us the push we need to see this labor of love through to its conclusion and naturally beg you not to stop. :D
“It’s probably Hogan, with the car,” Tony reminded them both over the pounding of blood in his eardrums.
Sieger kept up his pacing. Kept looking toward the door like he expected Stefen to come back kicking it down. He wasn't sure why he said it, but the words were coming out of his mouth before he had a chance to think.
Several afternoons later found Tony and the children down by the lake trudging through the tall summer grass in search of bugs. Following morning lessons and lunch Tony had made good on his promise to Artur to teach them all about the local bug life. Following his lecture on the habits and patterns of such winged creatures as honeybees, butterflies, and moths, Tony had wrangled his motley crew once more into their play clothes, handed each a handcrafted net, allowed Artur to keep track of their glass jar for collection, and marched them out to the grounds to make an afternoon of it.
“If they are loyal they’ll want the bastards weeded out and executed.” Göring  insisted with a growl.
“If there was a chance you were alive, this is where you’d come. This was always where you wanted to be wasn’t it? Galivanting with your negro boy.” Obi smiled coldly, like the snake Tony had once been too blind to see that he was. “Though from what I’ve heard, your tastes have gotten a lot more refined. A real shame how the Major and his family turned out isn’t it?”
He watched Sam's retreating back.  After tomorrow he wasn't sure he'd ever see the man again. He hoped...well he hoped a lot of things and there was only so much of it to go around.
“Your father will see to Péter's punishment and it's nothing for you to worry about bambina,” Tony quickly reassured her, laying his free hand over her small one. Catching the captain’s eye he added, “Unlike many of the wicked child minders we have read about, your father is a fair and just man who loves you all very dearly. Even when you are in the wrong.”
“These aren’t all for me Tony, some are for Father.” She was informing him sweetly when a door down the hall burst open and Artur appeared with an armful of brightly colored Knick-knacks, the handle of what appeared to be a tennis racket jutting out from beneath his elbow like an extra limb.
Tony blinked at the five-year-old girl, remembering the book she’d been sounding her way through during his lesson. She’d actually been trying to read it. She clearly comprehended enough to know what French was at least. Clever girl.
Sam hesitated, aware that he'd overstepped an invisible line. It was a line neither of them normally bothered to toe but normal wasn't the usual so much anymore.
“Good. I thought you might,” Stefen began again with some uncertainty.  “You have a far better head for the sciences than I do.”
had high ideas about culture and all the arts. To this day I can still dance a tarantella with my eyes closed.”
Tony almost dropped her he held her at arm's length so fast, wrinkling his face. She sneezed again only this time he could hear a distinct giggle in the gurgling. She was grinning, or so he thought. It was hard to tell with her stringy wet curls obstructing her face.
It was little hardship to assure her that they were doing everything they could for Major Rogers. How capable and sure they were and that she didn’t need to worry her pretty head about anything. He would never grow tired of the way his uniform, and he in it, inspired belief in the people. The awe never grew old and it was better than any high, better than any cocktail of downers and uppers. Better than -
Thank god. The thought repeated itself over and over in his head. The shock of actually holding Péter in his arms might have kept him glued there babbling thanks to a god he didn't believe in for far longer, if not for the sharp blast of a whistle near his left ear and an aggravated bark from an officer to move along. Tony might still not have pulled himself together if not for Bruce, who carefully inserted himself between Tony, Péter, and the advancing security, guiding them both gently but insistently forward.
They were a picture. With their faces so close it was hard not for Tony to map out their similarities, brain putting angles and distances in categories.
“Fair point.” Tony sighed, shutting the door with a quiet click behind him. “Though I’d be remiss if I didn’t point out the fatal flaw in your logic.”
"What did you tell them?" She heard the cook ask, sounding fretful, and a chair scraped loudly over the floor and almost drowned out Hammer's reply.
Steve disagreed. He couldn’t split himself into three persons to be in three separate rooms so obviously they were not safe! If there was an attack it would be harder to escape from the second floor. They should stay where they were. The sitting room was a more defensible position. His face must have spoken for him, because before he could grind out some sort of reply Virginia had clapped her hands together for the children’s attention and was gathering up a crying Maria and Artur, suggesting cheerfully that they all sleep in the music room as a compromise.
“Cate Becci. Not the best student, but she’s got eyes like an eagle. She can flick a paper wad and hit a target from any seat in the room.” Tony answered with a grin, ignoring the peevish look Stefen shot him in response. “She’s a local if that makes you feel better.”
All he had to do was grumble about patrol duty as he passed the pair of boys guarding the main street, and once he was zipping down the side streets none of the people he passed with the bright yellow stars stitched to their clothes dared to so much as catch his eye, let alone question him.
Tony glanced into the back of the truck where he could just barely make out Péter’s wool cap bobbing among the water barrels with the heat lamp, while the rest of his siblings remained hidden inside the empty barrels under burlap sacks for warmth. Péter kept watch on the road behind them, legs up to his chin one arm wrapped around the barrel that held James. Tony imagined that it must be very dark and damp in there. Frightening for anyone, let alone a small boy of eight. Péter looked very still, as if he had not moved for hours, but Tony noticed the slight movement coming from his hand tapping out a little tune on the side of the barrel.
“Stubborn brat,” Tony cursed under his breath hurrying toward the boy’s shivering shape. There was ice gathered in his lashes and his lips were blue tinged, but there was a heat an embarrassed heat to James cheeks as he slowly blinked up at them, working his jaw stubbornly as if he were contemplating telling them to piss off. Not for the first time Tony was torn between wanting to strangle him and hold him close. God the poor thing looked wretched. How would he explain this to Stefen?
“Péter? What the devil are you doing?!” Tony demanded as he hauled the boy inside, ignoring the cold and wet that seeped through his nightclothes.
“Sometimes I wonder why you bother with balls and gay parties at all Stefen. You seem so bored by them.”
“These are the men I was telling you about.” he explained to the girl, flicking his eyes around the room at the dozen or so bodies scattered around it. Harrison waved when her eyes landed briefly on him before going back to Bucky. Vis continued on, “This gentleman here will be leading you. His codename is Winter.”
The wind blew sharply down the narrow alley in front of St. Péter's abbey, but Péter barely felt the chill. Pepper must have grabbed one of his father’s coats because it swam on Péter, and even if it hadn’t his whole body was thrumming with anticipation. He could tell Tony was too by the way he kept aggressively jabbing the buzzer next to the door. Distantly Péter heard the clanging of the bell, so he knew that the monks had to hear it too. But the hour was late, and it was some time before a dark clad monk with a jangling set of keys appeared in front of the door.
So Steve just did that, and Bucky really just did that. Question, why do Steve's loved ones drink so much? (Is it him?) Do you think Tony notices that he's a kept man? Why was Harry so upset and what kind of trouble has Peter gotten himself into now? Do you think Bucky is going to regret outing Steve to Charlotte in the morning? I mean really though... she had to know right?
“Did you find –“James began to ask, lifting himself up off the floor, but Steve cut him off, his eyes snapping to Grig as he demanded to know where Péter and Natacha were.
“James? Tony do you have him?! Tony?” Ian was crouched now on the very edge of the bank, biting his lip anxiously as Tony cut through the water towards where James was thrashing, unwittingly propelling himself deeper and deeper out.
He scratched at the lid of the crate until his nailbeds went slick with blood, but the wind drowned out the sound of it, and every whimpered moan that leaked from his throat.
Stefen swallowed, throat tight. He wondered if the freckles were still there. He wondered why he didn’t know.
“Don’t bother yourself about it James. Nele knew you weren’t the staying kind when she took up with you. She cried for a day or two and then when all the soldiers came in spring she was in fine color. She got married this summer to an officer.
And all the while he was carrying this secret that would have made him very unpopular in Austria at that time, and later would have seen you all possibly sent to the camps.
And coincidently, it might even be supposed that with some careful investment it was even enough for a young couple and all seven of their children to make a new start.
"But they said you were going away." She flicked her eyes toward the policeman again, who was watching them with a strange expression. But Tony wasn't acting as if he was worried about being understood.
Unfortunately, Tony's stomach chose that moment to growl loud enough to inform even the dead how hungry he was and Ian narrowed his eyes at the sound, mouth tensing with worry.
Steve had never liked bullies much and as the dinner rolled on it became very clear that Anton Vonkov was that and much more besides.
“Tony,” Stefen’s voice was quiet but it was enough to halt Tony’s verbal diarrhea in its tracks. He glanced anxiously in the captain’s direction, relieved when he saw that he didn’t appear to be angry. If anything there was almost something fond about the small smile tugging at his lips.
Stefen’s breath tickled over Tony’s skin, his voice little louder than a murmur. Tony cracked open one eye, to find soft blue ones staring steadily down at him.
“Funny that.” Bucky spat with a dark glower. “What’s the matter Stark, they not paying you enough at the intelligence office? Figured you’d play both ends?”
“The one on the floor is the ugliest.” One of the officers smirked from the end of the table, because dinner and a show never went out of style, but he sobered up and quickly went back to his meal at the sight of the baleful glare their lieutenant gave him and his comrade.
“Captain, so long as Norway is free and I her Prince, we are behind you and your cause,” Thor promised ardently, extending his hand once more for Steve to shake. The simple and yet profoundly meaningful gesture no less surreal the second time. “I only ask that you remember the friendship between us. We may yet need you, far more than you need us.”
They both stared in horror at the body laying between them, Steve’s body beginning to rattle once more though this time more from the loss of adrenaline than from the strain he kept putting it under. He’d hit Franz hard. Maybe too hard. He was too still.
He shouldn’t leave them unprotected. The thought came, and Steve tore his eyes away from them and forced himself to rise. He had to find Tony. He wouldn’t be gone long because Tony was just in his room and Steve would bring him back and they would all be where they needed to be.
Ian had already turned away. It was too hot and he didn't want to see what was left of the little book. He didn't want to look at his idiotic selfish little brother either.
The motor on that thing sounded terrible. There had to be a better model out there, or better yet, better to design their own. Tony could get it running smoother. Strengthen the hoist and maybe -
James turned toward the loft, where the voices of his siblings drifted down from above already back at work varnishing the deck of the sled. Péter had figured out a way to make a varnish from their pine sap. It smelled awful to James, but that was only because Tony made him drinks smelly tea every morning and take a spoonful of syrup before he would let him do anything fun.
The hours crawled by, but night eventually came again, putting another day between themselves and the horror. It didn’t help. Bedtime came and Steve found himself facing the prospect of sending them all off to their separate bedrooms and he just –
“Should have seen how the silly girl fell all over this one. Completely ignored the fact that I was there.” Zimmerman grumbled good naturedly.
“Governess really.” Tony drawled shaking the woman’s hand. Susann barked a startled laugh even as the grey haired woman still standing at the counter, watching them unabashedly made a shocked noise. Steve glanced at her and she paled when their eyes met, flinching and looking away. He frowned, realizing that she looked frightened.
It was small but Steve didn’t miss the flicker of hurt in Charlotte's gaze. She took a sip of her wine, far longer than she needed to. She sat it down quietly and tucked neatly into her soup, the silence weighing heavy at the table.
Magda grabbed Steve’s flailing arms and he blinked into the too bright light, trying to bring her looming face into focus. She looked ill, white as a sheet and terrified.
“You’re not going back. I promise.” He new he shouldn’t make promises like that, but he couldn’t seem to help it. It was the truth. If the twins were found, Tony knew only that he wouldn’t be able to watch them dragged away, and he doubted Stefen would either.
He’d remembered the nightcap Tony had brought to him a few nights before and suddenly longed for the soothing comfort of liquor and Bucky had agreed, ringing Virginia for a bottle.
"There's a lot in the book about gods and monsters, Antony. I’ve seen enough to know the monsters are real. Why not the gods?” Nik replied with a sort of nonchalance that didn’t suggest he was a holy abbot, confessing he had any sort of doubts about the existence of god. “I believe that there is a force of good that rises up to fight the battles that we can't fight on our own. That belief, that hope… men need that. Even men like you Stark.”
Bucky grit his teeth, thinking sadly that he didn’t have to imagine anymore. He was no more sure of how to help draw Steve out of that dark place than he’d been back then.
They wanted people to believe in the Reich, to believe that the heart of Austria was untouched and that every citizen should be proud to give their lives for their new German masters. It said too much if the Rogers family did not play the part.
He disappeared back into the house and Bucky relaxed a fraction, fingers still tight over the girl’s face.
– that desolation punched through his chest, hot tears stinging the corners of his eyes. Whimpering desperately, he tried to push himself up and follow.
There was no way to know if either Tony or Bucky had escaped the crash and made it to the boat. It might have just been found by someone else. Bucky wouldn't have a way of getting into contact until he reached Budapest, and even then, he wouldn't risk a call. He'd probably make it back to Salzburg on foot long before word managed to circulate down the network. As for Tony, there was no way of knowing if he would have headed toward Engzell as planned in that sort of situation. Maybe he’d have gone toward Salzburg. Maybe he’d have avoided the house out of fear of bringing trouble. In that case there was only one place he would go.
Steve’s heart pounded heavy in his chest like the traitor it was. He swallowed with difficulty and asked again, desperately, "Why are you still here, Stark?"
The idea of making snowmen went off like a rocket, and then Péter roped Tony into attempting to sculpt a literal snow rocket, so Stefen was left to walk Artur through the boring basics of people design. But then Artur wanted Ian to build his snow person a house, and Stefen started teaching the boys how to build up a structure with compact snow, and Tony and Péter abandoned their rocket sculpture to stick their noses in. The captain turned out to have very strong opinions on how to build snow structures, which naturally started a contest on who could build a better fortress.
"Major Rogers. Don’t force us to remove you," warned the stern-faced officer, a lieutenant judging by the stripes on his jacket. His eyes flicked down to Artur who was clutching tight to Stefen's middle, shaking with sobs, and for a surprising moment Tony saw pity flash through them.
Steve laid his hand over hers. She wouldn’t say it, but he suspected that deep down she was torn over whether she’d made the right choice, throwing her lot in with him. The women in Charlotte’s family had a reputation for strong wills. May Parker notwithstanding.
It had not surprised Péter a bit after meeting General Schmidt at the officer’s ball during their trip to Vienna, that when they got home a letter had all but been waiting for them demanding that all children ten and older in the household were to report to their local youth chapters.
“Don’t!” he snarled, violently knocking Khalmmer’s hand from his shoulder. The group went suddenly quiet in a way that rang in his ears like a shout.
“What else would you call this? Either you’re too drunk to know yourself Stark or you’re too childish to be grateful that I’m trying to protect you from dangerous men!”
“Your da needs me now.” he said, taking in a quick breath, the rattle in it barely perceptible, and then he looked over the rest of them, the light from the fire tossing shadows over his face but providing just enough illumination to reveal that his eyes were red.
“You need this, then we will come up with a plan” Steve grit out, hands tightening where he held Tony despite the words that promised letting go. “But don’t talk about not coming back. You have to. I can’t –I can’t handle it if you don’t.”
Or, Steve highly suspected, it could be a healthy mix of both. Either way something would have to be done. Steve couldn’t lead the coup if the Germans had him on another propaganda tour.
“Stefen!” Steve jerked his head around to find Tony looking at him, his expression one of exasperation. “We don’t endear ourselves to the locals when you scare off their customers, looming like a gothic gargoyle.”
She liked music and would like to learn to sing. Tony's mind instantly went back to his first day, how she’d hidden in the music room and how she’d calmed during the storm when he’d taught them all how to yodel.
"He's been taking an arsenical tonic." He replied, choosing in the moment to keep Natacha's involvement out of it. Harold's eyebrows shot up, his brow furrowed in confusion that might have been comical at any other moment.
“I’ve heard they’re being terribly mistreated.” The toady butler went on with vigor around a mouthful of cheese, making the words sound muffled and wet. Tony made a face, disgusted.
Stefen’s eyes glittered with amusement, mouth turning toward a smirk but he must have seen that Tony was determined because when he did finally speak, it was at least somewhere in the general vein of what they needed to discuss.
“Without you.” Tony pointed out, refusing to let the unspoken go unspoken. Stefen should be with them. Tony didn’t know how many more ways he could say it or beg it.
Stefen turned and left the room, but not before his eyes caught Tony’s once more. The monk felt a shiver go down his spine.
Stefen kept the movement of his hand languid and unhurried despite Tony’s obvious desperation. But the bruising kisses and the forceful marks he left across Tony’s neck betrayed his own urgency. Stefen sucked and licked at the heated flesh he left in his wake urging Tony over and over again to
Accepting his inevitable decent into madness, Tony stood up strait with a quiet groan. He’d banged himself rather good on one of his tumbles, and the steady pain he’d felt in his chest ever since spoke of bruised ribs. Relenting to the inevitable he gestured for Natacha to come help. Her face washed with relief she slid under his arm, careful where she held him as she helped him walk to the door.
“Truly?” Charlotte murmured guileless surprise. “Your mother is so admirably stalwart. I can’t imagine a complaint has ever passed her lips.”
That was an idea, now that they had a better grasp on how much to use before it started to upset the body. The trouble was he just didn’t know. He was flying blind. James was ill and needed a doctor. That was Tony’s fault.
Natacha stared at him long and hard, until Frau Carboni reached over and patted her with a wrinkled hand.
“Come on then.” Tony nodded toward the cabin, his arms laden with the supplies, and the children followed him inside trailing behind in a somber line.
Natacha stood up, like a phoenix rising from the ashes of all their broken hopes, her gaze distant as she gazed out the window into a world white with snow.
“Know what became of me?” Tony finished for him with false levity. “That’s what happens when you decide to devout your life behind abbey walls.”
“An operative will bring them to your residence where they will need to stay until the boat leaves from Belgium. When the boat is in dock we’ll come and get them. This money is for their upkeep, and for you to make arrangements for transport to London for yourself and Frank.” Steve waved one of the envelopes and slipped it across the table. “When we pull Ret and the others out of Dachu you’ll need to be gone before the police come looking here. A number is in there to get in contact with the professor. You know what code to give him.”
Tony heard the loud click followed by the mechanical shifting of a camera's shutter, and he wondered what sort of moron of a tourist thought this was the ideal moment for a photograph. He was so wrapped up in his thoughts he wouldn't have heard it at all, if the man behind him hadn't bumped into his back impatiently, pressing him rudely up against the woman in front of him who glared, and shuffled up against the slender back of the young man in front of him who had paused and was holding up the line. The station was grey with grime and muddy footprints, and packed with tired miserable people. Hardly a memory worth preserving.
Niklas nodded. His smugness was in his wording and not so much his tone as he replied, “Not a Nazi. Not yet anyhow.”
“I’m going down there. All of you are to stay here.” Stefen instructed quietly, gaze locked on Tony. “Lock the doors and let no one inside until I return. When he wakes, tell Bucky I need him here.”
Tony nodded jerkily and she rose, quietly folding the letter into a cream colored envelope and scribbling an address on the front in her delicate handwriting. She crossed the room in a cloud of soft perfume to hand it to him and Tony took it wordlessly.
With a sigh he knelt down, resting his weight on his heels and considered the mess of a man before him. He’d never understood how Stefen could trust someone like Dvorak, who openly hated them, whose views were closer in line with the Nazi’s than with their own.
“For a child? Yes, of course.” Tony snapped back. Making a child responsible for the bad choices of an adult was just stupid.
“It is a niche magazine but it has a strong following. I can have Pip take down your information if you’d like to be put on the waiting list for when subscriptions open up?”
The only thing that kept Steve from launching into yelling was how Stark had clearly kept the smaller children down at his end of the table, occupied with the menial tasks of smoothing, turning the handle on the drill, and fishing out nails from the multitude of little boxes strewn about whenever Stark called for them.
He didn’t have to say it but everyone knew what he meant. Before Tony, the Rogers children had rarely dared to step a foot out of line or so much as speak above a whisper in their own home for fear of inciting one of the captain’s black moods.
He watched one stop a man walking with a small boy wearing a white tag and he knew. They were here, looking for them.
There were five families of note staying at the berghof that weekend including her own: Funk, Göring, Zemo, Fennhoff, Rogers. There were also the families of the SS. Officers stationed at the headquarters next door as well as those who occupied The Kehlsteinhaus, but they were just wrapping paper.  They came to fill the hall for the speeches and the dinners, to dazzle the eye with the might and the size of the Führer’s growing mountain fortress; but it was these five families who had been personally invited to sleep within the sanctum of his home. To eat at his table, smoke in his parlor and take in the view from the terrace with his partner Eva.
Sara had what looked like half her meal on her face for no apparent reason other than she was enjoying making Tony work for each bite that made it to her mouth.
Tony had been left with the children and Bakhuizen who had seemed happy to mostly ignore him all night when he wasn’t sending him glares that could peel the skin off an onion. Their temporary housekeeper Mathilde seemed to be under the impression that Tony was a footman with a penchant for stealing the house silver because she was always about too, watching Tony with blatant suspicion and dislike when he wasn’t busy with some chore she’d come up with for him to do.
"You saved his life Tacha,” Bucky murmured, his lips pressing against her hair, hot breath and the slow trickle of tears sinking into the crown of her hair. “You saved all of us. I know you never meant it to go so far. I’m so grateful for you
Damn it, dinner, of course. He’d told the monk he wouldn't need to watch them at diner and yet he seemed to have forgotten all about it. How long must the children have been waiting?
He swallowed letting his head thunk back against the car’s steering wheel. He squeezed his eyes shut, reciting a prayer he’d learned in his youth. Prayer came to him in moments like this, ageless and familiar like equations and scientific law, comforting in the way of a lifelong companion.
That first night in the cabin with the children had not been the worst, the way Tony had expected it to be. There had been some tears and fussing after Bucky had left of course, but once Tony had gotten them out of their wet clothes and wrapped up in wool blankets – thank god there were an ample amount of them in the trunk by the bed – the children had been so exhausted and worn from the day’s ordeal that they’d fallen asleep within minutes. The following nights had proceeded along the same lines, with less wet clothing involved and a harder time for each of them drifting off when there was little to wear them out during the day.
“Take this. Your mother, God rest her soul, would roll in her grave if she knew I let you get into this state.” She waved a plate of seabass with olives and lemon and flat bread with fig jam under his nose until he took it from her.
He shrugged out of his own wet clothes, down to his drawers, and ignored Tony’s pensive stare as he laid them out.
Bucky, astute as ever, stepped closer to him, laying a hand on his shoulder and regarding him with a sobering seriousness.
“Yes, pray tell Herr Stark. What is this mission?” Rogers followed with another tired drawl. Tony ignored him.
“I don’t like that game Tony. It’s dark in there and it smells bad.” Sara drew his attention back with a pout, sticking out her plump lower lip. Chuckling dryly, Tony kissed her nose. “You’re so good at it, bambina. But we won’t have to play again for a while.”
Tony struggled to breathe, until he felt a hand fall warm and steady on his back, pushing the air out with firm pressure and rubbing gently with each struggle to inhale. For an unbearable moment, it was almost easy to imagine that Stefen was there, that it was his hands and his low voice reminding him to breathe.
As Tony walked them back toward the bank, water lapping at their shoulders, James shivered against his chest.
“I don’t want to leave you like this,” the woman said after a long moment of just standing there, watching his shoulders shake and the water leak from his eyes as he swayed, a gust away from falling over again. As if he were no danger to her at all and as if she cared. She didn’t. But maybe if he begged?
Stupid man. Stupid wonderful man, Tony thought with an unbidden smile tugging at his mouth. He tucked the letter back in its envelope and frowned at the second letter, noting again the Naval seal and trying to ignore the apprehension prickling his skin as he tore it open and read.
Steve did as asked, though in truth he’d have preferred to stand. This was too close to a battle and he liked to feel ready. But he didn’t want to insult the prince’s sincere offer of friendship. Especially when he needed it.
That day, Tony had some business of his own to do so when he announced that he was giving them an hour of freedom before lunch Péter finally saw his chance. Only when Péter got up to leave the music room with the others Tony asked him to stay behind for a moment.
No one could render Tony so wrong footed so quickly. Well no one outside of his father, but that was an entirely different sort of wrong footed.
And then they’re on the couch. Tony reads with his head in Steve’s lap, his hand tapping out a beat on the cover of his book.
“I think with your children is a good choice.” Tony offered gently. “What you gave them today is priceless Stefen.” Tony wanted to say so much more than that, but he couldn’t. He hoped Stefen understood.
“What is it you want then?” Stefen asked, brow burrowing heavily in confusion, a bite of aggravation in his tone as he snipped. “Name it, Tony and you’ll have it. I don’t understand why you’re talking about boxes and cages when you could have the damn world for all I cared.”
“Don’t you?” Stefen whispered against his temple, nose buried in his hair and Tony smiled, albeit sadly.
Tony gave him a loose two fingered salute and a grin to rival the Cheshire cat’s, jauntily wishing him farewell with an, “
“Have you thought any on getting closer to that dozen? You’re not far off, darling, and not nearly as old as you like to play. Still a young man, still a young father by any stretch of the imagination.”
Except… Tony’s brow furrowed as the puzzle pieced together sluggishly in his mind. It was October, and the birds had already migrated for the season.
Tony jerked away from the stranger, returning his frown with a peeved expression of his own and continued on his way without so much as a word of remorse or thanks. It was rude of him. But if Tony were honest, he’d found something really unsettling about the gentlemen.
“Stefen, my god, stop moving.” Tony was back and wiping at his face with a damp cloth. Or maybe the cloth was dry and it was Steve’s face that had been wet. He could feel his eyes burning, maybe -
Shock rocketed through Steve at Tony’s cavalier attitude. Vonkov had beaten him? A rap or two across the knuckles in the school room was expected, but to make a child bleed?
Artur was like a puppy, quick emotions and easily forgiven slights, but he was still a child, still a little boy who’d not had a father for quite a while. Even though Tony knew it wasn’t true, it was as if the children had completely forgotten the man from this morning. The distant man who couldn’t be bothered to pay them any mind let alone notice when they were hurting.
Tony had sat up most of the night planning that days lesson. The events they’d witnessed at the market could not go unaddressed and Tony could not leave them so. In this endeavor he had to step carefully but step he must. He’d stood still and watched too many times already for his soul to bear.
“We’re not Austrian anymore. We’re German.” Natacha reminded him. “And last night you said what Johann and Bobby did was wrong, that it was cruel and cowardly. You said we shouldn’t let that sort of thing happen again. Did you mean that too?”
The Chief doctor gestured sharply toward the door which was opening once more as more injured trickled in, quickly sinking the medical ward into true chaos. Chaos that was meant to give them time to slink away unnoticed.
“Transmission received.” An unfamiliar man spoke, his voice low and deep with urgency, but blessedly and undeniably British. “Stand fast.”
Lastly see the notes at the end for a little helpful translation and some background on Steve and Bucky.
“You’re fucking crazy Bakhuizen.” Stark’s fingers bunched in the fabric of his white shirt, like he was grabbing something, and Bucky realized with a small jolt of shock that Tony wasn’t grabbing his chest because he was in pain. Bucky’s Ma used to do clutch at her coins like that anytime he and Stevie gave her a scare, calling out for the strength to deal with such naughty children.
"What's wrong?" He asked without preamble and Bucky withdrew a folded letter from the envelop and tossed it on top of the drawing that Steve was working on.
Steve looked for Tony in the crowd and found him already partnered with the two youngest girls, the three of them looking like a wobbly four-legged beast.
He couldn't shake the feeling that he’d missed something important. It stayed with him through the ride, nagged at the back of his mind as they approached Rogers home in the country. The anxious feeling blossomed into blaring red lights as soon as they were greeted. Rogers Butler, Herr Hammer answered the door, and he seemed far too at ease with their presence as he begun to escort them inside.
Steve frowned at him, wondering at his strange nonchalance. The man was not a fool and too good a policeman not to know how crazy it was to simply wait for the situation to escalate.
Tony blinked, taken off guard by the sudden change in subject. He’d all but forgotten about the Baroness, but he hadn’t forgotten the gossip that the maids had shared about her. Rumor had it she and Stefen had something of an understanding.
Péter wondered about her reticence but let it go. It wasn't like it was unusual for Tacha to hold back or get quiet. Trying to force her to talk about it wouldn't do anything. But it was discomforting to realize that he used to be certain she'd talk to him when she was ready. Now he wasn't so sure. It felt like years since they'd really talked, even though he knew it had only been October, before he left. He'd never realized how much could change in just a matter of weeks. Months he realized. Almost two of them.
“You’re sure he was present?” Tony’s irritation withered away at the pang of guilt at the desperation in Bucky's voice. Stefen had been hallucinating people who weren’t there for days, often holding conversations with some Tony and Bucky only he could see.
“Hughard was a wealthy man with national connections and plenty of clout. He could have sent you anywhere with anyone and he sent you to Salzburg, with a Jewish professor for protection. You never wondered why?”
Natacha wasn't saying anything and it was setting Péter's teeth on edge waiting for it. He shot a glance at her out of the corner of his eye and rolled them when he saw that she was practicing her knitting with the needles and yarn Frau Hogan gifted her for Christmas. Honestly women were so weird, and his sister the weirdest of them all.
The children relaxed a smidgen and Tony watched the captain’s retreating back. A flood of hate inexplicably welled in his chest. Whistles and commands. Barely coded insults. Who the hell did this man think he was? What did he think any of them were, that he would behave so coldly, so unfeelingly? Imagine, appearing drunk on the day he was to hand his children into the care of a stranger and having the nerve to look down on
Stefen Rogers leaned against the door of his office for support. What a sense of humor Father Farkas was turning out to have. What a waste of his time and energies (energy he had too precious little of at present). Surely the Abbot had not meant to send that man in answer to his request, unless it was in jest. Herr Stark was not fit to watch a cat let alone a child!
He didn’t even know if Bakhuizen had made it off the damn mountain in the first place, and now Stefen had days to live and there was nothing, not a damn thing Tony could do to help him. Damn. Damn it! Damn them, damn them, damn them!
Even from Tony's vantage point he could see the small smile playing at the captain's mouth as he spoke to his longtime friend. It wasn’t the first one Tony had caught but it was still strange seeing the man smile.
“Alright, alright hold still now or we won’t be able to tie ya.  Oi, I’ve not seen you wiggle this much since your christening.”
Ian had asked, some of that awe bleeding away to distress, and Artur had whimpered like a big baby until Tony had picked him up and answered,
Without any warning he went striding past them, stepping off the bank into the water with an exclamation at the temperature, not even bothering to strip to his underthings.
"That's just how Stefen is.” Bucky vehemently snarled, fingers digging into Tony's arm. “Now, where the hell did you get that key?!”
It certainly didn’t stop her being anxious as the vehicles carrying Stefen and his children pulled up the drive. It was not every day you met the children of the man you intended to marry.
Bucky loved the kid, but could admit that on his best days he was stubborn and manipulative and to manipulate others required knowledge of them, perception, insight, and sound strategy.
It had never added up. Send him to Austria and imprison him in a monastery fine, but why sneak him out of Pola with Yinsen of all people?
“This can’t go on,” Fil murmured under his breath once the younger monk was gone. “Germany is tightening its grip on Austria every day. He takes far too many risks.”
But he couldn't fix that one anytime soon and the other he was working on, so in the meanwhile there were letters to be written. Tony resettled himself in his seat and flipped on the radio, using up the fountain pen ink just to be a brat and concentrated on detailing the mundane existence of the Rogers household for his two overly demanding masters.
“A week.” Tony almost jerked in surprise at the sound of his voice. Stefen blinked and he was looking at Tony again, rather than through. “A week Tony. If we can’t find another way out before then…” he trailed off and Tony jumped to fill in with a smile of relief.
"Heaven forbid." His eyes dropped to Stefen's full plate and his mouth pulled back into a slight frown. "Wouldn't want you to starve either Cap."
She peered at him, trying to reconcile the dirty clothes he wore with the prison uniforms. She’d seen them working in the fields before the snows. They came by train, in striped uniforms, with tiny bracelets around their wrists. She’d seen one up close once. The identification number had been long and roughly carved into the metal.
But with the Maximoff (or perhaps it was truly Lehnsherr) twins gone why had Farkas felt the need to break his silence in order to warn Tony about their true identity? Thoughts of the cryptic message had plagued Tony over dinner and into the night, keeping him from sleep.
It snowed again near the end of February, for two days straight without end. It snowed so much that it piled high around the doors until they couldn’t open them again without digging themselves out.
Willamina nodded, attention absorbed by clucking over Sara as Stefen quietly closed the back door and walked into the garden.  Tony watched him from the window until he was around the shed and out of sight, worry tightening in his gut.
“It’s just that… what if we’re not here and I never get them back? They’re just pictures, I know they don’t replace the real thing but…” Péter trailed off. “They’re important to you.” Tony filled in and the boy nodded.
Steve watched her like a hawk as she set down a steaming mug of black coffee before him. Maybe she’d seen, but she wasn’t acting as if she had. He would just have to hope that her regard for Jarvis’ memory was stronger than any disgust she was feeling if she had.
“You’re not taking. I’m giving. That’s what they’re for Tony. To be given.” Stefen insisted, his eyes soft and pleading as they gazed into Tony’s. Asking him for acceptance. Searching for understanding. “I want you to have them because I want you to know.”
“I immediately asked brother Bruce for his sobering draught because I thought, my god, if a boy with arms the size of toothpicks and shriveled lungs could do that… then I could sober up and face another day. It offends me now to see how they greatly exaggerated your skinniness. I have yet to determine about the shriveled lungs.”
Bucky’s laugh was cut short with a grunt of breath as he grabbed Steve around the middle, sending them tumbling back into the dirt. Steve hit the ground with an umfh, breath driving from his chest.
And it was revenge, Tony thought privately. Swift brutal revenge in the form of thermal waves and fragments of glass.
“I think you’d better show me how this is done,” he suggested with an overly somber expression and Stefen rolled his eyes, grabbing the hand that held the knife and moving in close to guide it as he explained. “The scales are big, but you need to apply a bit of pressure, until they pop up. Like this.” Tony tried not to think too hard about the way he could feel Stefen’s body heat in the places where their skin touched, his long muscular body pressed up against Tony’s, or the fact that he still smelled of pine and snow from the hours they’d spent outdoors. The man’s fiancé was an elbow away, and even Tony’s loose moral compass couldn’t see its way to dealing with an erection in front of the man’s children on Christmas Eve.
“That’s what they said in the paper but if you want the truth they were executed by a mob.” At Bucky’s look of surprise Kirk explained further. “With the war on there was a lot of unrest.  Austria was calling for more ships, more weapons. the Navy had Stark working his people to the bone. Any idiot could see it was a recipe for disaster.
“They weren’t followed or nothing, I was half a block behind the whole way and didn’t see nobody.” the boy Clinton assured, as he dug around inside his trouser pockets for the correspondence Coulson had given him to deliver. Steve handed him the coded report he’d scrawled on a scrap of paper and it quickly disappeared inside the boy’s jacket.
He knew it wasn't. They both knew it wasn't. His anger made him lash out, made him want to see that impenetrable mask of calm that had settled over the girls face in the passing weeks, crack and crumble; but the girl was unshaken. If anything there was a glimmer of pity in her eyes when she replied.
“James needs an example” he said gently this time, as he stepped behind the boy and wrapped his hands around Ian's, moving much smaller fingers over the body of the weapon. “I’ll help you.”
“Alright, quit yammering and listen.” Bucky demanded as he slid inside the driver’s seat and yanked the door shut behind him. He popped open the glove compartment and fished around, finally drawing out an increasingly familiar set of hand drawn pistols.
“It’s a lot of worry over nothing. I went to the work house myself. Full of children, you know, the half gypsies? They were running around Mulfingan happy as can be.  I don’t know what they plan to do with them in the long term. Perhaps dump them in Poland.” Zimmerman speculated wryly and a few of the men laughed. Steve blinked slowly, coming out of the dark thoughts in his head at the sound of Bucky’s slow exhale close to his ear. Glancing at him, someone might mistake the look on his face for calm but they didn’t know him like Steve knew him. Bucky was close to doing something he’d regret, and Steve wasn’t much better off.
Artur was a dead weight but Tony held him tight, picking up where Stefen had left off and shushing him quiet with shaking breaths, even though his own chest was constricted so tight he didn't know where he got the strength to breathe. He did it for Artur, he was convinced it was the sole reason.
Stillness descended once more over the lodge. There was a long painful stretch of silence before Tony quietly got up and risked a peek out the window. The truck was gone, but that might be a trick. Someone might be waiting in the trees nearby, watching unseen but Tony couldn’t know that for sure. Next, he went over to the door, releasing the latch with a hesitant breath before lifting the door and wincing as it creaked. He stuck his head down through the hole and peered into the room below, confirming it was truly empty before he sat back up.
Tony quickly moved to follow, with Charlotte behind - her brow puckered in an expression of deep concern. He thought he saw Bakhuizen step in front of Hammer but he did not spare the butler a second more of thought, confident that if he was about to go running to the police Bucky would make him think twice about it.  He followed Stefen into the kitchen where they found Pepper, Willamina and Hortense hard at work, along with two young women that Tony had never seen before.
She gazed at him and Péter didn't recognize the look in her eyes. It was hard and guarded and made him feel uneasy in his own room.
Neither Artur nor any of the other children dared to answer. Everyone, including Rogers, was watching Tony like he’d just grown a second head and declared himself pope. Until over in Péter’s arms Sara, around gummy fingers once again stuck in her mouth, piped up with a solitary “No missing anybody!”
And the truth was, he didn't know if Stefen wouldn't change his tone if it suited him. Stefen had shown himself to be the sort of man who didn't go back on his word but Tony couldn’t afford to be a fool. A man would do most anything for the sake of his children.
But when Ian’s gaze finally found him, rising from his seat, he was grim and silent. A muscle in his cheek bone twitched, making him look as if he was trying not to be sick. He seemed to not notice Ian at all as he approached father, eyes sharp and fierce like he intended to shout at father. But his voice was almost too low to be heard when he did speak in a calm and measured tone.
He heard movement at the other end of the hall and shifted his glance just in time to catch Charlotte’s lady’s maid watching him. Caught the woman sniffed loudly, as if she’d caught a bad smell in her nose and turned away, disappearing into Charlottes room.
There weren't many visitors besides the milk man and the boy from the post who made the journey this far out from the city proper, and being that it was Saturday evening and the milk man had already been round that morning, Tony was fully expecting to find the boy from the Post Office with a telegram.
The kitchen maid Hortense was always the first up, in order to prepare the kitchen for Willamina’s arrival. After the nights where she went home to her grandfather she and Cameron often walked in from the village of Hof-Bei together, getting up at four each morning to make the hour trip. By the time Willamina got dropped off by her husband the old stove would be heated up, pans pulled from the icebox and the flour and the potatoes already begun their peeling.
“Now you’re the one wasting time.” Tony answered, clipped, drawing her attention back. “Apologize or leave this classroom.” As he’d thought she might, Natacha stood up from her seat and walked out without so much as a glance behind her. Though Tony hadn’t expected anything else, he still had to suppress the urge to follow her. Here in this room, she was not his only charge and he would not play favorites.
He couldn’t quite remember how he’d gotten there. He’d been in the garden? Or had he been back in the study? He’d woken up with a headache. Natacha had brought him coffee and cake again. He’d gone outside to patrol the ground’s but then what? All he could remember was the dull throbbing pain in his head getting worse and worse. Waves of heavy terror engulfing his body like he was sinking in black water. And then he was here, clinging to the sink for dear life, his chauffeur's concerned face filling his vision.
“So they're following you and now, by proxy, me.” Bucky nodded, far too calm for the news. “Damn it, Steve! Always gotta bite the big dogs.”
Tony had set out early enough in the day that he should have concluded his business at the mill and returned to the monastery between first mass and breakfast. Word had come from Jakob Friets a fortnight before of a broken generator at the mill that was soon to be replaced and might find its way into Antony’s possession for the right amount of coin. And since, as a monk, Tony was supposed to have neither personal funds nor personal time to go about procuring odd materials for his even odder inventions, it was safe to say that today’s exchange having taken much longer than expected, was going to result in way more trouble than he’d bargained for.
The abbot’s words had not left Tony as he left St Péter's abbey. The sun was just beginning to disappear behind the mountains, the streets were not as clogged as they usually were at this time of day. It could have been the empty shops and apartments looking like old men with sunken eyes, but it could just as easily have been the cold weather.  There were more cars than people, zipping through the streets as they carried men home to their dinners. Only a few brave souls had ventured out on foot it seemed, and Tony was one of them.
“Who cares? We aren’t having brunch with him.” James, who was hugging a stripped vest to his chest, responded with a shrug. “Can we have brunch with Baroness Schrader on a boat?”
“Yes, of course, there are pupils who show promise; but it must be remembered that they’re the product of German blood as well as Zigeuner. They can be thankful for that.” Dr. Ehrhandt's voice reached him once more and he turned his head slightly to see her sharing a piteous look with her colleague as she sighed. “But it is horribly unfair to them, that they should have some of our skills and none of our mental fortitude.”
Magda walked within reach, her own gaze just as resolute, her bare hand extended towards him as if they were meeting for the first time. She knew he realized. She knew he had everything to lose and no reason to trust, but she offered him her name and came to him with her hand extended.
Here was the Riviera Hotel, where Tony’s pseudo cousin Signora Santiago used to work as a maid. Though it had been two decades since then, it was a good place to start looking if they hoped to track her down. She may have left a forwarding address with her new employer.
Steve surged through the doors and into the parlor, nearly knocking over a footman in his progress.  The man managed to jump out of the way without upsetting the tray in his hands but his face was slack with shock as Steve swept by. He had to find a place, anyplace, for a moment alone, had to get
Artur popped his hand out of his mouth with a groan of aggravation as if Tony were being particularly dense and making things difficult on purpose.
“Thank you, Captain. Still I must insist intelligence work suits me better.” His smile was filled with teeth as he held Steve’s gaze, barely acknowledging the others in the room. “I commend you on sending your boy to university Stefen. We must all know our strengths and weakness.”
The structure wasn’t lit but even so, Tony could make out the sharp point of the snow laden roof, and a small shuttered square window just below it in the loft. The cabin was rectangle and short, nearly square in shape, but for a small section jutting out just five feet or so to the right of the door. There was a stone chimney on that end of the structure, but the snow had piled up so high it looked as if half of the lodge were climbing out of a snowbank. The windows below the loft were slightly bigger, but shuttered up tight against the winter elements.
The artists that Bucky had signed were like his children in a way, in the fact that he’d helped them birth careers and had diligently fostered them over the years. He took care of them and they took care of him in return and it was just one more bitter taste on his tongue having to cut them loose. Some of them didn’t have much to go back to.
Unfortunately, the solution wasn’t picky about which ions in which metals it bound to, so it was important that they race to replenish the healthy ones he might also be losing such as iron and magnesium. Harder said than done when the man’s digestive system was shot to hell and he was too weak to so much as chew. Bucky’s instance on feeding the man tomato soup actually proved to be a boon in that area.
First he unwrapped one of the small chocolates on the tray and placed it at the bottom of his cup, then he covered it with a thin layer of milk from the small pitcher before filling the cup to the brim with coffee. Stirred twice and it was perfection.
Lilah Boehringer hardly blinked, tilting her head in stoic ambivalence as she helped her mother serve up supper. Steve might have believed her show of indifference if it were it not for blush creeping up her neck that even the low lighting couldn’t hide.
A private who was dog faced and huffing forward with a determined look on his face, passed him and Becker jerked out of his thoughts, lengthening his stride.
“I'll leave with you. Countries that I’ve never seen or shared, with you now I’ll go. On ships over seas, that I’ll now know. But they don’t exist anymore, and would I have to brave them alone? Without true light of my own. I’ll leave with you, my love, I’ll leave with you...”
He was more worried about the captain’s enemies, one very dangerous one in particular, who wanted Stefen out of the way and would have no qualms about murdering his household and shifting the blame to an innocent party. Wasn’t that why the Baroness had scuttled out of there as quickly as she could? Tony thought uncharitably. Vulnerable elderly aunt indeed.
“I keep telling Father I should like us to get a house in Vienna. Have you been Ingrid? It’s wonderful. Father’s friend the Baroness, the woman I told you about, she knows the most wonderful people.” Natacha knew very well that Ingrid had never been to Vienna but that was not the point. “Oh, well… never mind. I suppose you haven’t since your father is so busy at the railroad.”
“Do you need-” Ian started, half raising in his seat looking panicked and Bucky swore under his breath, holding out a hand to stop him. “I’m fine, Chavo. I promise. Just, everyone be quieter.”
It wasn't often Ian felt like grown-ups told him the truth. Tony tried the most and Virginia never out right lied to him but rarely did grown-ups try to tell him the whole truth. He wasn't sure he much liked it now.
"That's Yonas, the priest from Lenze. " Bruce muttered, completely abandoning all thoughts of escape as he rushed toward the man, only pausing long enough to carefully shift Lucas' weight onto Leshnerr. Richter started when the other doctor jabbed him rudely with his elbow, prompting him to lend a shoulder to help carry the big man.
"I won't go." Her voice had been reduced to a shrill hiss with fright, her garbled German almost intelligible. "
“Poor woman.” Karlina murmured bustling over to the kitchen. She was still muttering to herself as she began to search through her cabinets. “Yes, I think I still have some left over from when you caught bronchitis last year Dagmar. Ah yes! Here it is.”
Steve was sure he was going to break something in his jaw. He would not be made to look a fool at his own table. Blue eyes met brown and Steve took a long sip of his drink. He refused to be a child about this.
“Given your need to be away from them, I know it must pain you to learn the children were so frightened by the storm. They likely forgot Frau Hogan was so close, and it’s a good thing isn’t it that they came to me? They were terrified and now they are not. This of course eases your spirit?”
After unexpectedly losing Bucky, Steve and the family are left with the pieces. And then what they've all feared finally happens: the world is at war.
"Experience would have us believe that, Artur.” Tony agreed with a small smile. “We will fill everyone with lots of sweets and wine, fill the halls with song, and I don’t think anyone will have room to feel bad. And long after the snows have melted and we're tucked away in our swiss chalet, they'll remember how wonderful the night was and how you all sang so beautifully."
The night his parents had been killed had started like any other. He’d gone with his parents to the shipyard where Hughard was to give a special presentation to a bunch of high ranking military officials. Stark ships were the best ships in the world and Hughard had wanted to assure the Austrians and the Germans that their navies would be the best outfitted and best gunned in the world. It was an unpopular move with the workers. Italy had sided with the allies and too many of the men and women who called Pola home remembered the days when Pola had been part of it and did not think themselves Austrian.
Tony would have Stefen hurt by nothing, ever again, if he could help it. It was an unbearably vulnerable way to feel but Tony was far past being able to help it. Lucky for him, Stefen didn’t seem to want him to. The captain’s mouth had curled in a slow almost sleepy smile that Tony wanted to kiss but the intensity of his gaze held him in place as Stefen cupped his face between his big hands and slowly stroked the side of his jaw with his thumbs.
“What do you think happened back there Tony?” Stefen asked innocently with a cock of his head but Tony wasn’t fooled. And the bastard had no right to look as fine as he did, leaning there against the door.
Relief rushed through him, and Steve sagged, his hands beginning to shake. He became aware he was still holding the gun and lifted it, staring at it with disbelief as if it had grown an extra muzzle, his heart still pounding madly.
Sara didn’t look as if she wanted to go, but she also knew better than to argue. When the door had shut behind the woman and child Stefen’s eyes flicked to Péter, but Péter noticed and shot him a stubborn look that seemed to dare him to try and make him leave. Stefen either agreed or just didn’t have the energy for the argument because he turned back to Cameron and began cleaning the cut on his cheek with the washcloth Pepper had left him.
Herr Coulson had asked to meet with him in two days’ time, hinting that the intelligence office would like to discuss a potential assignment with him. The question was of course whether or not Stefen believed them. This could of course be some sort of trap. Likely was. There were at least a dozen very good reasons for the Abwehr to take an interest in Stefen’s activities and every last one of them would see him and Bucky both meeting a firing squad. The conundrum was, that if the Abwehr had evidence already he and Bucky would have already been arrested, but if this was an attempt to collect evidence Stefen couldn’t turn the meeting down without drawing further suspicion.
Warmth had flooded through him as he’d plucked the green and gold book down from the little shelf just above his bed. A little American authored book. His favorite even though it was one of the ones Virginia and father told him he had to keep hidden. He had a few like that, that father had brought home and some Virginia had gotten from her father before they had been banned.
“Except she’s right, I don’t really know the steps Tony.” Natacha hissed quietly so that none of the nearby dancers might overhear and Tony winked in reply, mouthing for her to follow his lead. If Natacha was anything, she was quick and graceful. It wasn’t a complicated dance. Tony was sure she’d pick it up, and she did. A smile slowly entered her eyes as they danced together and she followed the movements of the other women on the floor, gaining confidence with every step. Seeing her enjoy herself that way was enough to distract Tony from his worries for a few moments. Even when a turn brought them close to where her father was dancing with Charlotte, Tony only thought wistfully of what it might have been like to be able to dance with him. Maybe one day, in private. After a few lessons. Good god Charlotte’s poor feet!
Unable to bear it a moment longer Steve started for the door, almost knocking an elderly man over on his way out. He swore under his breath as his bruised ribs flared in protest, making a grab at the man's shoulders before the man could tumble to the floor. The man, stooped with a broad work darkened face, grunted in pain and snapped at him in accented German.
Pavlok handed Tony a small card with script on it, with the name and address and phone number for a ‘Mister Matthew Murdock’.
“Don’t say that.” Tony snapped. Péter’s words sliced into him like knives, reminding him of a feeling he’d hoped never to revisit again – the agony of a child loved and lost – causing him to grab the younger man by the shoulders. Tony just barely stopped himself from shaking him. “Don’t
Briefly, Tony imagined being stuck there all day and how he would manage James who was sure to break his silence eventually. The ghastliest thing about it was, Tony estimated they had a few hours in them yet before that happened, because James had experience now going without.
“That's what I ought to have done. Threaten death.” He heard Bucky mutter, watching Stark with Sara.
The butler tilted his head and glared down at Ian. “She's busy now with the mess left in the young Master Rogers room.” For Ian's part he stood his ground but his shoulders hunched and the boy didn't correct the butler, eyes seemingly fixated on the polish of his shoes.
Stefen’s voice had begun to shake. It was slight, hardly noticeable, but in that moment, he couldn’t have twitched without Tony’s notice.
When he had enough air and presence of mind for it he stumbled into the washroom to splash water on his face. He stood over the sink, staring into his reflection as the vestiges of the dream faded.
“That’s what they wanted to talk to me about.” Tony explained. The anger had disappeared, replaced by pride and a beautiful tremulous sort of hope that left Steve floundering.
woken by Magda’s shout. It was still a moment before his brain left the nightmare and he recognized his surroundings. The sun was setting, casting a pale peaceful glow over the walls of the barn. A peacefulness that was disturbed by the sound of raised voices and stomping. Two sets of stomping.
“When I was not much older than Péter, my parents were murdered...” he began and Stefen’s eyes rounded in shock. The official story had said that Hughard and Maria had accidently been trampled to death during the riot because it was prettier than being executed by their own workers.
Of course. Literature was closely watched by the Germans but was still one of the easiest ways to communicate across great distances. The Nazi’s wouldn’t pay much attention to a rag of this sort clearly meant for the entertainment of children and house wives. What better way to share news and ideas than through a publication?
“Let me know if he says anything about Ginger!” he called over his shoulder and without looking up Steve called back, “She hates when you call her that. And you shouldn’t encourage her. Dancing isn’t a proper profession.”
“Go back upstairs.” Frau Hogan said quickly, turning the little girl from them and pushing her shoulder gently but firmly towards the stairs.
Steve could see the appeal in the architecture but he found how it shouted to be looked at edging toward stupid. No thank you. He’d take the house he’d built with Peggy in Salzburg any day.
Tony wouldn’t deny them the forgiving nature of youth but privately, he wished he could afford the same luxury.
Artur coughed once more before he dejectedly stuffed the rest of his partially bitten cone into his mouth. His face screwed up in misery he stuck his arms out in a request to be carried and Tony chuckled, despite himself.
“I asked Ian to keep an eye on you, and this is what I come home to find.” Stefen muttered with a clench of his jaw as Tony bucked, toppling out of his arms onto the floor. He didn’t even have time to feel the sting of landing before Stefen’s shoulder was coming down and he was hoisting Tony over it like a sack of grain. The bastard was quick and had arms like a gorilla.
One anxious eye went back to the long black train coming stopped now at the station, it's tail of cars stretching about half the distance between it and the work site. They’d be there. They had to be there. Gritting his chattering teeth Tony turned and waved for the Forman's attention, signaling that his barrels were empty.
Grabbing him by the back of the neck Tony pulled him down into a kiss, halting Stefen’s stuttered speech as he crushed their mouths together, swallowing the gasp of surprised breath Stefen took.
“You're right.” Magda’s voice filtered in through the thin barrier of the blanket, flat and firm.  “It's very different, philosophizing and handing out paper.” Steve couldn’t see the look on her face, but it must have been something because when the man spoke again his voice had taken on the same flat, rigid tone.
“It's boring when you complain James.” Péter called back over his shoulder with a roll of his eyes. “You're too little. You can't carry Artur, the supplies, and keep up.”
Göring, hands unsteady, gave up at finding his cigarettes with a loud huff. He looked at Steve, blinking owlishly and his gaze narrowed on the drink in his hand
He had a fever again. Today wasn't a blood day, where they took their needles and their tubes and sucked him dry. Where they left bruises the size of coins on his arms and wrists. No, today was another test day. It always started the same way. Dragged from bed at dawn, and injected with another strange cocktail. The doctors gave it time to settle in before doing a final check on the subjects. They examined his pupils, tugged at Steve’s arms and wrote down their findings. Whatever they were putting inside him always burned through his veins and stung his eyes like acid.
“I would hear it from Brother Banner. A free man and a man of God.”  Tony returned staunchly, holding the man’s stare.
It was only when he realized that the stretching sensation on his face was a dazed smile that Steve really understood.
"When he said the rest of his family had moved on. Was this recent?” Tony asked, though the pieces were already coming together in his mind. “Because I was under the impression that you had to be a citizen for your travel papers to be valid."
Well, really Ian looked at his chest because his father looked impossible tall up there, but now that they were closer Ian could see that even though Da was standing at attention, his eyes were dead set on them, looking right at Ian.
"Stefen?" Charlotte's voice came from behind them, followed by the woman herself as she ran up to the bed, nearly knocking into Virginia who had sensibly snatched the washing tub from the vanity and was running back with it. Charlotte paled at the sight of Steve crumpled over the side of the bed, heaving and gasping for all he was worth.
"There's nothing you can do immediately. Besides, I've hired a tutor to look out for them, yeah. Heard he's not too bad."
“Billy makes his living these days penning adventure stories.” Stefen revealed, and it came together suddenly in Tony’s mind. Captain Adventure. Discovering that Stefen was the artist had been enough for Tony to suspect that the publication was used somehow to trade messages among members of his network. Tony was certain that half the reason the rag hadn’t come under suspicion was the loving detail with which it was created.
The sun was just beginning to set when Steve caught sight of Péter cycling up the drive. He’d not expected Péter to be home from the Osborne’s so early. He'd expected the boy to take any chance he had to spend hard won time with his friend. Apparently, Henry had returned from Vienna for the last spell of summer and Péter had asked at breakfast to spend the afternoon over at the Osbornes and Steve, feeling like his insides were boiling at the mention of Norman Osborne's son, had surprised even himself by agreeing to it. One day wouldn't hurt him.
“What happened?” Bucky asked, eyes roving over her, noticing how she was now clutching one side as if it pained her. “You’re hurt.”
They both heard the sound of the door to the attic stairs opening, but Steve was loath to turn away from the machine for even the second it took to answer Bucky's shout for his whereabouts.
"Artur's right though." James bleated, to Steve’s right and he turned his head to meet his son’s familiar pouting expression. " We should have had it up already so the christkind could leave us our presents. What if she's passed our house already?"
“Herr Stanislov is correct.” Tony said with a regretful sigh that he drugged up from somewhere. It was a pity he’d never taken to the stage. “I was expelled from the university when I was seventeen. I never properly finished my schooling.”
Steve had just finished his morning meeting and had a few hours before Charlotte's train was due to arrive. There were any number of tasks he had to perform that could fill the time meantime… but Steve followed his instincts and found himself making a detour to visit an old friend.
Tony bristled, not because he had any particular issue being described as common, but because of the way this brittle old hag – who apparently hadn’t gotten the message that the era where being a part of the aristocracy made you better than everyone else was
Stefen snorted, recalling many occasions when the children had been young when his slip of a girl had delighted in making Harry eat those very same words.  He missed those days more and more.
“So he asked his mother to borrow 100 coins so that he could purchase a lamb. He would raise it, breed it and one day become as great a shepherd as his father. At first his mother did not like this idea, she did not wish to go into debt, but the boy pleaded and pleaded until finally she relented and borrowed the money they needed.
“Come on, Greta. How many today?” she sang a little to herself as she shooed away the hen, collecting the eggs she found in the nest beneath her. Magda’s back ached as she carried the basket. It was hard on days like this, when mother and father left and it was only her and Ona. They wouldn’t have Franz until the summer when he came home from university. The German Labor Force had assigned a pair of workers to come help at Father’s request, but they wouldn’t come until the snows had thawed. Once the chickens were done, she would have to head into the field to help Ona.
“What’s so funny?” Stefen asked at the chuckle that erupted from Tony’s chest and Tony shook his head slowly, still grinning at the ridiculousness of it all.
The thin man moved showed Steve to his usual spot, in the back near the east facing the windows. Even though it had been years since he’d occupied it something in Steve was relieved to see it unchanged. Kurt clasped his hands in front of him, leaning on the balls of his feet as if ready to take flight and asked with a painted smile if Herr Bakhuizen was to join him. The smile didn’t falter, when Steve gave a curt nod.
Stefen fell quiet with a swallow, gaze shifting away from Tony’s once more as he wrestled with the emotions telling the story behind the coins had brought up. Tony’s heart ached for him, and this time he was the one to offer his thanks, in the form of leaning close to press his lips against the soft skin at Stefen’s temple. He knew how difficult it was for the captain to talk about the people he’d loved and lost, and he couldn’t fathom what these little gold discs must mean to him. Which was honestly why the gift still boggled him. Why? Why on earth would Stefen part with something so meaningful?
Well not that unfathomable, obviously. Clearly not as he stooped in a cramped toilet with his hand around his cock, remembering the things he’d asked for in the dream. Begged for.
“I’m too old to be on the road and sneaking about my boy; and what would Nonno and Nonna do? We will take care of each other. It’s you who I will worry for, wandering without your people and not even a promised land to look forward to.” She cradled his cheek tenderly in her hand and just gazed at him, as if she were memorizing the features of his face. “I’d beg you to stay here where you belong… but you belong somewhere else now. Don’t you?”
“Father, may I be excused?” Péter interrupted.Steve eyed him, for the rudeness, but in truth he couldn’t blame the boy for making his escape. He only wished he could do the same.
“When she was dying…I think she knew that Peggy would catch the fever after her. I don’t know where she found the strength, but she said she didn’t want me to walk alone, and then she cut the coins from her neck and made me take them.”
"What is this?"  he asked Bruce, who was standing over the bucket, and consequently over him, with an all too familiar sort of expression that Tony's twenty years at St. Péter's had taught him precluded some sort of chore.
“Yeah? What is it they wouldn’t do exactly?” Steve growled, irritated at the man’s blind stubbornness. Zimmerman was a soldier for god’s sake! The way the laws stood the Wehrmacht could give the order for them to put a bullet in each other’s heads and they would be obligated to obey. Nobody would do a damn thing to stop them!
His son stared back at him sullenly, shoulders squared, but beneath that sullen expression there was a wealth of vulnerability he couldn't hide, and a burning question in his eyes. One that only Steve had the answer to. Though it hurt to think his own son might despise him, Steve knew that he had not given Péter many reasons not to. He'd withheld the truth for his own safety, but without it what was Péter to think?
Madame Curie could have done so much more if people had cared less about stupid things that clearly didn’t make the difference they thought they did. The science journals decried Einstein for being a Jew but they were just as wrong about him. They were wrong about so much, but there was nothing Péter could do about it. If his father, a respected commander in the army, was too scared stand up against them then what could Péter do?
“Yes, next time choose some wiser materials than sticks if you’re going to be building frog houses,” Tony drawled. “But listen, come here
Despite every effort on his part to hurry the meeting along his morning in parliament had dragged. There wasn’t much he could do to keep the meeting from dragging once Vice President Volstag broached the subject ofGauleiter Globocnik’s war against the church and the responding criticism coming from the Vatican as well as the English government.
Sam stayed silent through the emigration line and only seemed to start back to life when the officer at the desk demanded his papers with a pointed jab.
“Natacha!” He admonished, glaring at the girl who had appeared from nowhere to loom over the desk like a phantom in a magazine. “A little warning. I nearly lost a finger.”
“Yes, yes. All these years Antony, all these years I have prayed and today God has answered my prayers.” She cried into his ear and Tony felt moisture slide down his cheeks. “That man, that wicked man told us you had gone away and wanted nothing to do with us. He is a devil. He would not even let me stand at my baby’s grave.”
Rarely did Steve have to compete for tallest in the room. The prince however stood at least a head taller than most of the guests. Thorson Axel of house Odinburg was a beast of a man, his form suited for battle rather than the refined life of a prince. His midnight blue uniform stood out in sharp relief next to the gray, black and lighter blue of the German officers.
He’d entrusted Steve with a drawn map of the castle, detailed with a secret way out that supposedly only himself, the king and his brother were aware of. Steve had memorized it, drawing it over and over again until he could draw it in his sleep. He'd burned everything, not wanting to risk it or Thor’s family if something should happen to him before he needed to use the map. A good thing in retrospect. But if Jann was mentioning it now, then Thor must have reached out to the network. Things must look grim for the future if he was asking Steve if he still remembered his promise.
Tony, Ian and Natacha collapsed like bowling pins around him, panting heavily, as Sara fell against him, laying her body over him like a shield and squeezing her arms around him tight. Steve struggled to catch his breath. The alley behind the building was dark, the smell of dirt and wet stone mixing with the smoke heavy in the air making his stomach roll.
Even Steve wasn’t holed up in his room as Bucky would once have expected. Though, he wasn’t sure if that had more to do with the danger they were stepping in to or the cajoling of that mad little monk Bucky couldn’t know for sure.
He yanked the case toward himself and fumbled for the secret knob, popping open the secret compartment as quickly as he could. He reached inside for one of the twin silver grenades. He hadn't wanted to use these, as they were designed with significantly less delay time than the bomb and therefor carried a much higher chance of blowing them all sky high if his engineering was even the slightest bit off - but since he was pretty sure that their driver had just been shot and they were about to crash in a fiery wreck (if they didn’t get shot through like swiss cheese before they crashed) well, here goes nothing.
“The hitlerjugend has never flourished like it has underneath your leadership,” Khalmmer pointed out and Striker’s smile widened.
Tony sighed after a long moment and turned back towards the house, resolved once more to let what would be, simply be.
"I don't have time to argue with you Charlotte." Father snapped in reply, brusquely shaking her off and Charlotte's eyes narrowed on him dangerously for a moment, her expression going rigid.
“I wasn’t too fast with you last evening, was I?” Tony inquired, wincing as he offered the only weak excuse available to him.
“Look after each other.” he finished gruffly, and then he looked over at Tony once more and said, “look after the familia. Ashen Devlesa, Romale.” The quiet words were still landing in Tony’s ears when Bucky broke away from the children and turned to go.
"You only know what that is because of Tony." Péter teased and Steve laughed, caught off guard but relieved. He could tell that Péter was relenting.
“Doesn’t it?” he asked with a quiet sigh and Stefen blinked at him in surprise, his mouth twitching upwards. They both understood. From the looks of the world blood was about the only thing that had ever mattered.
“Dvorak-” Rogers shocked him even further with the note of pleading strangling his voice as he turned toward him with earnest eyes and weekly reaching hands.  But he aborted the motion halfway through with a wet cough that rattled his whole body. He tried to bend double as he dry heaved but clearly didn’t have the strength.
All of the promotional photos published of the man after the Great War had been serious, elegant, things. Designed to inspire, and soldiers certainly didn't smile for press photos, so maybe with how he’d been held up in front of the public eye smiles had just stopped coming naturally to him.
Charlotte trailed off, because she was watching same as Tony was, so she didn’t miss the moment when Stefen finally noticed the décor of the hall, his eyes locking on the giant red banner hanging in front of the ballroom doors.
The hour of midnight finally arrived. There was no knock on the back door, so Tony clutching the letter he’d prepared in hand, opened it and stepped out into the back garden. Looking out over the expansive grounds and the iron fence wrapping around the side of the house, it all looked as still and beautiful in the moonlight as ever, but of course there was nobody in sight.
are we here?” There was enough moonlight to see Tony’s face just barely in the dark, but no one would be able to see much of them, should they look this way.
The heaviness of that kind of wait was too much for a child to bear in silence. Tony knew because it was too much for
"Good luck soldier. You're going to need it," Tony shot back over his shoulder as he got into the car.
Shock slammed into him and he swayed, nearly falling on top of another body laying not inches from him. The soldier was still warm, the bullet that had killed him passing cleanly through his chest.
At one-point Maria had tugged on his sleeve and at the sight of her round apprehensive eyes he’d leaned down and she’d whispered in his ear.
Before the car had even landed on its back Lang and the other ground troops were rushing out of the trees on all sides, firing at the line of vehicles that had swerved and abandoned the road to avoid a similar collision.
“Sound carries out here. Don’t forget.” Tony jumped. Bucky had reappeared by his side from seemingly nowhere. James stared up at the taller man with tear filled eyes and Bucky scooped him up, hauling him out of the truck bed with ease as if he weighed nothing. Péter undid Natacha’s barrel next – his sister slowly rising from its confines with stiff achy movements, pausing to look around her with the wariness of a feline until she spotted Tony and Bucky standing below and her shoulders slumped with relief.
Tony ignored the shake in his hands to reach for one of the apple slices that Professor Sieger had set out. Even in at a time like this, manners prevailed. He supposed there was a kind of comfort in that. Maybe Tony needed that right now as much as Sieger did.
“Yes.” His voice was deep and rough like he might start crying too and that terrified her. “I grew up different. I grew up rough and poor and not well treated. I didn’t want that for you. And your mother’s family… they wouldn’t have accepted the marriage if they knew. Your mother was against it, you should know that, but I didn’t want to take her family away. We agreed it was easier for me to just leave that life behind. And now, now it would be very dangerous to tell the truth and I’m sorry. If I had been a better man perhaps we’d be somewhere else, somewhere you would not need to lie or to be afraid. I’m ashamed of that. Not of you. I hope you can forgive me.”
"No! Leave him alone!" Artur shoved and darted around Ian, who had opened the door just enough to peek out at the commotion in the hall. The little boy bolted in between his father and what was clearly the braver of the two officers, who had one hand on his firearm and the other holding a pair of metal restraints.
“Don’t you ever sleep?” He grumbled taking the empty seat beside Steve and pulling the one across the table close enough to prop his feet up. “You’re going to lose your eyesight drawing in the dark.”
Steve took a chance that Farkas would not have just anyone answering his doors. It was an old code. One they'd used for the coupe, but it would be recognized.
They’d done something, Stefen realized. His children were doing their best impressions of rocks, all while turning various shades of pink.
“I want you all to be able to stay here and continue on just as you are. Bucky will be leaving for a little bit but he’ll be in and out to check on you all. Herr Stark has agreed to be responsible for the children. I’ll be leaving word with the magistrate so there should be no issue, but he will need assistance from all of you.”
“He blamed them because of me. All those people…” Her voice trembled, cheek moving against his chest with every word she spoke. There was a glimmer of tears in her eyes. “They were just dirt to him.”
Stevie was missing out on something special, Bucky thought as he cleared his mind of his dark musings, allowing himself to enjoy the moment for what it was as he listened to Steve’s children sing, Stark directing them.
“You know, I haven't’ decided if it should be considered a crime or not.” At his curious expression she waved her glass of champagne to indicate the room. “All these lovely women eyeing you, and here you are looking at the chandelier. Darling it's quite unfair.”
. In that moment he had, and he didn’t know how to keep breathing with the weight of guilt filling up his chest.
The pair was moving now, heading towards Tony and Ian and Tony couldn't help the feeling that he was being prowled upon as Stefen’s gaze fixed upon him.
“Well then, would you mind keeping us company until she is done?” The child looked wary, but her eyes sparked with interest as Tony pulled several coins from his purse. “I’m sure I don’t have enough to do an artist such as yourself justice, but would this be enough for a concert?”
The crunching of the leaves under his feet made a pleasant accompaniment to the hum of his thoughts as he walked back to the kitchen with loaded arms. He trudged across the floor toward the glow of warmth emitting from the stove and lingered next to it even after he’d stacked the wood neatly beside it. The warmth was a welcome reminder that it was too late in the year to be trouncing around outside without a jacket.
“We should call it ‘The Soldier’, and I want to paint a star on it. Red! Red is the best color.” James suggested eagerly, thinking of the sled Tony had taught them to build. It had taken time to get all the right materials and to prepare the wood. They could have just made the whole thing from wood, but iron was more resilient and went faster downhill because it was heavier.
"Yes." It was easy to admit it out loud somehow, far simpler than he’d ever imagined, and contrary to all of his built-up fears, the children seemed to take it in stride. The younger ones took their que from the oldest two. Péter sat calmly through it and Natacha might as well have been a stone staring at her plate.
"Who did you write?" Péter frowned at him, stomach lurching at the word 'international' and confused why Tony would write any school about him. Péter never thought he'd be happy to leave Austria but now... now the thought of being any place else almost seemed too good to be true.
“Some of you have dreaded this day.” he announced with the aplomb bordering on Shakespearian. It should have been ridiculous, but no one dared to smile. They stood there as frozen statues; a chill not caused by the cold winter air seeping into their bones.  “But take this as a warning. Justice finds every man.”
“You’ve gained weight Hogan. Look at you all happy and round, marriage suits you. I ought to try it.” Bucky sassed and Harold rolled his eyes.
“Tony.” Steve groaned, defying Tony’s attempt at gentleness by clasping onto his hips and dragging him back down, stealing Tony’s breath again with every electric slide of friction. “Please.”
None of the children looked at him, instead they stared straight ahead, chests out, arms rim rod straight at their sides. The Captain slowly walked down the line of his children inspecting his recruits with a quick eye. They seemed to know on some ethereal plane what he wanted. A quick adjustment to the collar of a shirt and fixed fly away hairs were all communicated with a look. It might have been something to wonder at if it didn't give Tony the chills.
“Stark!” Niklas exclaimed, exasperated but Tony refused to let up. This plan – no this idea of his – was simply preposterous.
He wasn't sure if that was a hundred percent true, if the country he had loved and bled for was still unchanged in its heart, but he still hoped. What else was there to do?
Steve frowned, stomach fighting with nerves as it always did when Tony was brought out to be examined. “I told you, he was a layman at St. Péter’s.” He said with what he hoped was nonchalance. It didn't seem to appease her, but Charlotte had always been shrewd.
"Woah there," he slurred happily, setting Tony to rights. "See I'm not the only one who has got two left feet Ginny."
was by right a Jew, but with the filter of youth it had seemed a wonderful game; how nice to have something just their own, how nice to have wonderful secrets to keep from Hughard.
But the minute Tony came stumbling through the doors and drew their attention Harry dropped Péter’s arms and stepped back, his face flushed with what Tony recognized as anger.
He sighed, just about ready to give up on pretending to read the physics journal he’d bought in Berlin (or rather that Stefen had bought him) when a soft hesitant knock sounded at his bedroom door.
The fun of it helped clear away some of the cobwebs in Tony’s head, the frustrated exhaustion that had begun to cloud his mind. Eventually however they were forced to slow, the children not used to such exertion. He felt a stab of regret watching James struggling in the back. He was only eight, his legs considerably shorter than Péter's. Even with Péter's questionably weak heart, James still had to carry thirteen or so kilos of excitable little boy behind him.
Over half of the invitations that came included the children, people eager to foster friendships between their own children and his, eager to say they’d had the Rogers children sing at this party or that party, and with more and more frequency, people eager to discuss setting his older children on the right path with prosperous and politically appropriate matches.
“You think you have impunity Rogers? You’re a soldier, disposable on the best days and these are not our best days.”
Captain Steven Grant was just another soldier who took lives to protect the ones closest to himself and preserve his own.
But genius and sanity weren’t the same thing and Tony wasn’t always sure the later was all it was cracked up to be.
The choir room was dark, the only light source a single window spilling moonlight over the worn top of the old Bechstien piano that Brother Hanes had plucked away on every Saturday morning for the last thirty years. Tony didn’t bother lighting the oil lamps before claiming a seat on the bench. Without any dedicated thought or purpose he set his fingers to the keys-he didn’t need to see well for this, the memory of the right notes and the right placement coming to him like second nature- and began to play.
Devastating life interruptions aside, the children had a leg up in their studies.  Surely, the professors who taught their maths and sciences would have noted the brightness of Tony’s young pupils, but it was unsure whether they would have the time or the resources to focus on the specific needs of any one student. That was the situation all of the educators were facing.
Something in Steve lurched, an unnamed fear awakening in his chest and he stumbled in surprise, swearing under his breath. Sam could not possibly know what Steve really was. He’d kept it close and locked away. He’d done everything, he was sure of it, to hide his difference.
“No.” Steve bit out, harder then he’d intended. Her eyes flickered to him and she hunched her shoulders slightly but didn’t move away.
“The hell I can’t!” He didn’t give a damn about the tour or any of the rest of it. He was going to find his son. But Charlotte’s grip on him was firm, unwavering in her confidence to hold him despite her smaller size.
At some point Stefen shifted underneath him and Tony immediately sat up, lessening the weight on his back, but Stefen only turned so that his back lay against the couch and reached for Tony’s hand to tug him back down. He went all too willingly and Stefen wrapped his arms around Tony, cradling the smaller man to his chest like an overgrown child with a stuffed bear.
“Tony.” Stefen gritted out between his teeth, hands clenching the sheets nervously and Tony took pity on him. With a smile he lifted the lid of the little white box and set it aside. Inside, sitting in a velvet bed was not pearls, or a garter, or even the fancy watch that he’d truly been expecting, but a necklace. It was strung beautifully with vibrant red beads and a line of heavy gold coins that tinkled together when Tony slowly lifted it from its velvet bed.
“We’re leaving,” he snapped scooping Sara up. The child clung to him tightly, pressing her face close to his chest. Tony began to march away, resolutely turning his back on the ugly scene, on eyes so much like Yinsen’s beseeching him.
There was no actor in the world who could have come off as earnest as Captain Rogers in that moment, preemptively grieving the millions of people who were going to lose their lives thanks to Tony’s cold calculations and shrewdness.
Natacha’s favorite room in the house really, used to be the music room. But they hadn’t been allowed in there after her mother died. She liked her father’s study now. It was quiet and it smelled like him.
He lay on the floor of his cell, body twitching and wracked with shivers. The spasms were the worst. So strong they convulsed through his body from head to toe, leaving a great gnawing ache of hunger burning in his center that no meal could quench. Not that food ever materialized. They’d dumped him here and shut the door and it would stay shut until they came to take him to his death.
Tony could remember few times before this moment when he’d ever been so halcyon. But no sooner had the realization settled upon him, it was followed by guilt twisting through his belly, Frau Neumann’s frightened face filling his mind.
“We’ll be fine.” Steve reassured him in what he hoped was a soft tone. It must have been close because Tony didn’t bristle or try to argue with him for once.
Through it all Charlotte was a charming presence on his arm. Her hand stayed clamped in Steve’s as if she were afraid he would disappear, but she was too good to let any of her anxiety show on her face. Indeed, anybody who spoke about her after this would only remember how her noble venetian heritage was on proud yet tasteful display in her best dress and the small bits of jewelry she’d meticulously chosen to adorn it. Baroness Charlotte Schrader was a flame walking through the room, drawing eyes and wistful sighs for an Austria that was quickly becoming a distant memory.
The baroness was not lingering nearby as he’d expected. She must have left the confrontation behind her earlier than he'd thought. Because instead of an anxious fiancé he was greeted by the housekeeper's daughter again, the waif of a girl rising slowly from where she'd sat outside the door as soon as he strode out, her blue and white dress wrinkled and a run in her stockings.
Oh yes, Tony was well aware that Stefen thought he was unaware of the likelihood of MI9 altering the terms of the deal once the mission in Norway could no longer be used as leverage. But Tony wasn’t born yesterday and he didn’t need to be told that the Lion of Austria was more useful to the war effort than Stefen Rogers was as a free man. Stefen’s problem was he was relying on the strengths of the bonds he’d made with other soldiers, on the tenants of honor and loyalty.
“I picked up on that.” Tony chuckled, but the sound aborted into a gasp as Steve’s fingers brushed against a nipple. It was different than Steve was used to, he thought, as he touched there again, rolled the nub gently between his fingers, but that shivery gasp coming out of Tony’s mouth was the same where it mattered. He liked the difference he decided. He wanted to know what else would be different and suddenly couldn’t wait a moment more to see all of Tony.
forbade her from acknowledging her kin at all. If I snuck away to visit, we’d have to play indoors because I couldn’t be seen in public with my own family.” He seethed, unable to keep his hands from clenching into fists in his lap. “Every winter my mother would bring me down from Hill House, whatever day wasn't already taken with holiday parties and social calls, and no matter what day it actually was we would all pretend like it was the first day of Chanukah and our birthdays rolled into one. It was ridiculous.”
Every word they said to him seemed like a prelude to a trap. One wrong answer, one wrong look and they were ready to pounce, the Führer himself looming like a judge at the end of the table. Sweat collected on the back of Steve’s neck, and he caught himself thinking far too often that he never should have let Tony leave. Tony could match wits with these sharks. Steve was all left feet. Not schooled enough to know what half of their fancy words meant or how to spot the hidden nooses in the ways they spun them.
Later that night Tony found himself in the kitchen attempting to make a nightcap (and having about as much success as one could expect in a home kitchen) with Willamina’s help when the back door burst open. He jumped, spilling and scalding himself on the hot milk Willimina had beat into foam, cursing his own jumpiness.
Tony tried to get his fill as best he could, but when the garden walls and the house behind it came into view, his heart fell in disappointment. It was nowhere near enough.
“That’s what you said last night.” Tony reminded him. “You lied to me. You promised you wouldn’t let me fall asleep.”
“Oh is it?” Stefen made a thoughtful sound as the little girl nodded, expression turning devastated as she said, “That means he’s sick!”
Despite his fears Tony did not find Natacha and the others entangled in some mischief. Outside it was a gorgeous day- and had it been Tony he’d have found some way into mountains of trouble by now- but the five little bodies all drifting aimlessly through the courtyard were such a despondent sight that any irritation Tony had felt marching to find them, quickly dissipated.
Péter swallowed back the sting of guilt her words left behind them. He knew how important appearances were to the Nazis.
He didn’t turn around. His sister lay over him, her arms coming around him, her cheek pressed against his temple and her red hair spilling around him like a curtain.  And though his eyes blurred with fresh tears James didn’t say anything to her at all.
“Natacha!” Steve snapped, demanding an answer and she flinched. Charlotte jumped, shocked at his loud bark and Ian felt the eyes of the other children all turning to them, the tension palpable in the room.
Now that the baroness was on her way to pick them up and take them to their new life it was time for Tony to go. Artur and Maria got some silly idea about hiding, as if grownups cared enough about how children felt not to leave exactly when they meant to. They’d been found of course, just in time for his escort from the naval office to arrive to come and whisk Tony away.
He told himself to breathe and remember where he was. He was in Vienna, attempting to hail a cab for him and Charlotte and this was not Peggy.
“Your name was kept out of it Antony but legally I could only demand the accounts for titles and assets pertinent to you.” Pavlok answered with a hint of apology and Tony sighed. Well, there was nothing to do about it now.  He’d have preferred to keep Stanislov in the dark but realistically he did not expect the man to do anything drastic so long as Tony kept to himself and didn’t interfere with the business.
"We could have left.” Tony reminded him. There was no censure in it, not anymore. He’d wanted to go. Begged to go a few times. He realized now that it had been rooted in cowardice. “But you… you look out there and you see people you need to protect. Well, there are people I need to protect too.”
“We’re going to need more food than this, but we’ll still need to travel light.” Péter mused, a shaky plan forming quickly within his mind. He was prepared for it when Daniel and Cameron exchanged shocked looks, eyebrows arching in surprise and When Natacha turned toward him sharply and flashed the beam of her torch in his face.
Finally, Khalmmer turned, long fingers wrapped around the glass which he held out to Steve. He had unusually delicate hands, Steve thought hazily. Kind and mercurial in their touch, like an artist.
“What are they doing?” he heard Artur ask curiously behind him and that feeling of tightness in his chest just got tighter.
Natacha glanced at Tony for a moment and then looked back at him, her tone perfectly placid as she whispered back, "Tony has several different glares for you. This one means he's worried about you. Probably because you aren't eating."
"Uh, I think we are out staying our welcome with the good brothers. The Germans can't be far behind us." Leshnner growled irritably, obviously anxious to be on their way once more and Tony grimaced. The monks huddled on the dock were indeed looking more on the wilted end and hunched over from the cold now that the excitement of making it to their destination had passed.
She hummed, looking at him from under her lashes in a way she and Steve both knew drove nearly every man from here to berlin mad and murmured with a secretive little smile, “Yes, but whom I wonder?”
“Well Anton, I am a Stark. I’m not sure humility is in my blood.” Tony replied with a lazy grin and a titter went through the crowd in response. Tony’s arrogance had a unique way of charming people even though they should want to hit him. Steve should know.  Vonkov’s mouth puckered like he’d sucked on a lemon and there was such a gleam of rage in his eyes, that Stefen knew without a doubt he was one of the rare few who fell on the side of wanted to hurt rather than wanting to laugh.
“You’re a heathen, do you know that? And all of you just let him get away with it. Shame on you, and on the birth of the Christ child.” Stark prattled to the children’s delight and Bucky hunched protectively over his coffee as if Stark was going to snatch it right out from under him. Ian scooted over making a space for him as he greeted Stark.
Steve turned in a fumbling circle, his footsteps echoing in the empty room. Answering him with every dragging step.
It was impossible not to feel see through, open and hollow all at once, and an impotent anger smoldered in the pit of his stomach as he squeezed his cup.
Tony arched an eyebrow waiting for Stefen to get to whatever was so urgent he’d felt the need to drag him up the stairs.
The children looked particularly giddy about the chocolate bars, not that Tony could blame them, but he sternly withheld them until after salted mystery meat and chalky bread were valiantly consumed. Hunger ensured that the children got on with it without much complaint, but only Stefen had the audacity to look as if he were actually enjoying himself. He was the last to start eating and the first to finish.
“I keep thinking my daughters going to need a new dress come the end of the year. She’s growing like a weed.”
It was too dangerous to discuss the operation over the line, so Steve was left with nothing but second-hand information.  For the length of the journey he did his best to turn off the howling in his head that had driven him from Charlotte and the children. Natacha's face and the words she'd last spoken to him haunted him in place of his fears that Bucky and Tony had perished in the rescue attempt.
“Have you tried telephoning your-“ he started again. Tony cut him off unable to keep the weariness and irritation out of his voice.
“Clinton. Clinton Francis Barton,” Clinton extended one dirtied palm which Natacha stared coolly at while the boy prattled on. “You must have eyes on the back of your head. I waited till you’d passed me ta hop the fence. You’ve got killer aim too. Be more impressed when my skull aint splitting though.”
“An excellent suggestion, Stefano, my dearest of friends,” Tony chirped as they settled, leaning up against the stone house. Steve shot him an annoyed glance but Tony just grinned winsomely up at him and whispered lowly in Italian, “I can’t use your real name can I, my captain? What if she’s a spy?”
Immigration was not inexpensive. Tony had already summarized that Stefen must have had a hand in Weiss' late exit from the country. But an entire family?
Deep down Stefen Rogers still believed that people were going to wake up, and that this war would be won by good men standing in the way of evil, but Tony knew he was wrong.
Stefen had sent Bucky? That had to mean he was still alright, for the moment, and maybe it wasn’t too late to stop the assassination attempt.
, where are we going?” Tony demanded as Steve lead them beneath an arch and into shadow, and halted.
"But if for some reason we can't, you need to know the truth. It has become too dangerous for us to stay. We must get out of the reach of the Germans, by whatever means necessary."
There wasn't much, at least of a political nature. There hadn’t been anything suspicious or noteworthy in any of the rooms he'd been in thus far. He was certain anything of value or importance would be kept in the captain's office, locked, or in his bedroom, also locked, and since Tony had no reason to be in either of those spaces if he were seen he’d have to wait for a more opportune time to pick the locks.
"You poor lambs. To be betrayed by a parent - the very person whose duty it is to lead by example and protect you from the treachery of the world - it's dreadful."
Of course Steve had not wanted to keep them locked up in his attic. But damn it all he was doing his best! But it seemed that every time he turned around there was Antony Stark, demanding better.
"The priests are to be overseen by the chaplain until further word is given.” Wolfe repeated doggedly. “Those are our orders. You will obey them Herr Doctor or answer to the Commandment. Now where is the chaplain?"
Yes, he could see now that perhaps stocking up on his own much needed tools and supplies had been over ambitious when cycling with four children under the age of nine.
“Alright, go on then. Eat, drink yourself into oblivion” Steve stopped him with a hand on his shoulder “but first thing in the morning, be ready.”
To think that despite all his mockery and best efforts, after all these years the rituals of faith (if not the belief) could be so calming. It was almost funny. Bruce would have been proud.
Dvorak snorted, shuffling the newspaper on his lap. There was a voice in the back of his mind whispering caution. One did not live as long or rise as high as Dvorak had by not heeding such voices; but one also didn’t get very far without taking risks. The trouble was knowing when and where to take them.
Tony turned his head and kissed the wrinkled palm of her hand in answer. She smiled quite sadly at him in return, her thumb back to stroking his cheek.
The sun was setting by the time the pot had reached a steady boil. Tony tossed the spiced meat and vegetables into its roiling depths and closed the lid confident that if not the fanciest of fare it would do the trick.
He hadn't been sure if he should be horrified or impressed. The two emotions had warred for dominance within him as Bucky had leaned over his shoulder to get a look at what had him so engrossed.
Someone called at his back but Steve had already wrenching the door open. He could hear Khalmmer calling after him still, trying to manage his charge, their
She was in love, and Tony wished her the best of luck with it, but war changed everything and touched everyone. Didn’t he know it.
“Shut up,” a soldier grunted, kicking Steve’s leg with his boot. It folded beneath him and Steve tipped with a cry, the only thing preventing him from crumbling to the ground the restraints shackled to a bar above his head.  His weight pulling on his wrists, straining his ribs, was excruciating enough to bring dancing spots in front of his eyes and a rush of dizziness, and then not for the first time Steve lost consciousness.
While the man's scrutiny and frosty reception where Tony himself was concerned wasn't always pleasant, Bakhuizen cared so deeply about Stefen it was evident in almost everything he did.
Tony froze. Something about the faint voice tickled through the back of his mind like cold winter wind, the fine hair on his skin standing up with near sentient awareness as his heart began to race, terrible hope ballooning in the center of his chest.
He let the conversation flow over him, chiming in with platitudes when it felt like he was supposed to answer. He took another warm swallow of wine and then breathed in and out, slow and deep.
They shared a certain familiarity, what with Charlotte’s grandmother being a Von Trap. She’d maid a fantastic marriage into a noble family (rich in title but hurting in purse) and even though the title was obsolete now, Charlotte had never been allowed to forget that she was related to emperors and princes (however distantly) though she didn’t care so much about that.
“I’m an ass?!” Stefen barked, but mercifully Tony could hear a telltale warble in his voice, and as if in confirmation his eyes had softened, taken on a wounded roundness that hurt to see but was nevertheless necessary to get through to him. “That’s rich coming from you. You barge in here throwing around insults.”
With nothing more to discover within the room Tony’s eyes turned to the side doors and hallways that led to god only knew where. He paused as one of the doors caught his eye. It was slightly ajar, pale yellow wallpaper just visible, teasing with sights as yet undiscovered. Never let it be said that Tony wasn’t a precocious being by nature, as that was more than enough of an invitation for the man to find himself quietly pushing the door of the room open.
