“I have but two questions for him”, Sherlock said with a smile. “Thank you, sir. You have been extremely helpful.”
The Adventure Of Ariel's Mirror
The Adventure Of Flora MacDonald
“He is one of those loud generals who is always sounding off about the Dreadful Decline In Standards These Days”, he said in a mock military tone that made me smile. “He has five sons and three daughters; I know of them because one daughter, Iris, married my old colleague Owen Pardew's grandson, another Owen, and like him she has nearly finished training in our profession. All five boys are in the Army; the youngest Scott has I believe just joined his father's regiment.”
We had been there about twenty minutes – the cake slices had not made it past ten! – when one of the servants crossed the room and struck the huge gong so hard that our ears rang. The huge doors at the other end of the room swung open and I recognized Bill and Ben, dressed in their normal clothes and each carrying a tall if scrawny fellow in an implacable grip. The Baddesley brothers, both unprepossessing fellows in their mid- to late teens. The eunuchs threw their charges to the floor in front of the throne, bowed to the sheikh then withdraw but not before each taking out their own scimitar and resting it point-down before them.
“The journalists there owed me a favour”, Mr. Holmes said. “That and inventing this mysterious gang of killers out to murder me more than pays their debt, I would say.”
“Maybe just a short visit to my mother-in-law?” he admitted ruefully.
The sheikh sighed heavily.
“I see”, I said. “Well, since you are John’s friend I will do what I can with the case in my remaining few days in the capital. But do not hope for miracles, sir.”
“We both work there”, he said confusing me still further. “You will not tell his mother? The poor lady would be mortified!”
“It would serve him right if you did nothing”, John said.
“He is an Austrian by birth”, Mr. Benson said, “but he has lived here since he was twelve. I believe that he is estranged from his father who still lives in Vienna.”
“Granny Rose is failing”, he told Sherlock.
“She has been openly seeing a Hungarian businessman”, Sherlock said slowly, “which is why she had drawn my brother’s attention. I am sorry John, but it has been going on for some little time. It may be even that the child she is now carrying…..”
“His main effort is to get me bloody pregnant!” my nephew had muttered when I had told him about it. “Some fellows are downright insatiable!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Parisian Peregrination
The molly-house business's Home Delivery Service
I have to admit that I had been surprised when our utterly useless prime minister Mr. Neville Chamberlain had finally if belatedly made a stand against the rapacious Herr Hitler of Germany, the scum who had gobbled up the Rhineland, his native Austria, the Sudetenland and the rump Czechoslovakia unopposed, and was now threatening Poland. I suspected (cynically, Anne said, but accurately) that Chamberlain had only acted in the belief that Berlin would never attack Warsaw because of the threat from Soviet Russia beyond it. But if the rumours coming out of eastern Europe about a deal between the rival vermin were to be believed, that theory was about to go up in smoke along with the all too brief peace after what should have been the war to end all wars - and which had so nearly ended me.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“With sex on the beach”, he said cheekily. And as I struggled for breath, he added, “wearing only our new sweaters!”
Fur And Away
“I still love it when you pout!” he whispered as we walked to the end of the quiet street, to presumably find a cab.
“The lady is psychic”, Mr. Gable said. “What is so surprising?”
“He and Rachael are very happy up in Wells”, I said. I had recently assisted the couple in securing them a house on the North Norfolk coast where they were very happy together.
She looked surprised at the question but nodded.
Mr. Percy Gable knew my name of course, but when I stated that I had met his lawyer, his face darkened.
The boy’s face darkened.
“My client is Miss Elizabeth Woodhouse”, Sherlock explained, “who saw your half-brother in a picture and had somewhat strong feelings as a result. Her formidable and excessively loud friend Miss Holston Radley-Barnham was the lady who spoke
“Heaven does not leave quite everything to chance, brother”, he smiled. “Someone who was set to do as much good as you for Mankind – we decided to give you your own guardian angel, a wise precaution given your tendency to endanger both you and your beloved at every opportunity.“
of the time!' Nor did I attend the first-ever Ideal Home Exhibition in the capital that same year. My home was ideal enough provided it had a Sherlock in it.
I may have been seventy-five years old, but at least my mind was still on the right track.
I looked at him in surprise but clearly he was going to say no more.
The Tragedy Of The Atkinson Brothers
“It was your son who appeared to have the most to lose”, I went on. “His house is full of expensive items, and even allowing for his wife’s wealth he strikes me as the sort of person who would always spend more than whatever his current income is. But then there was the curious case of Mrs. Bollinger anticipating your son’s protest against her.”
I decided that I needed to speak with the unseen Mr. Jukes and, given the delicacy of the matter, it might for once be better if I did so alone. Fortunately John was perfectly understanding when I explained that to him the following morning.
“One of the first ladies that I, uh, attended to had a son that she named Khalid”, our visitor explained. “One of over twenty of the things; they do not do originality when it comes to naming boys there! He was born back in 1902; unfortunately for that part of the world he recently decided to marry a Jewess. They chose to leave and to come to England; Cal did say that he would stand by them but they thought it for the best.”
“Why?” the grub asked looking confusedly around the room before I pointedly lifted the tea-cosy and pulled out his precious barley-sugars from the 'perfectly safe place' that he had left them in.
I could hear the capitals. Sherlock sat back and smiled.
items, they will conclude that all three are of considerable worth. Your grandfather has his last joke – and when your cousins find out, I am sure that they will be
He rose sharply to his feet.
“Why the name?” I asked over dinner. “Is it American?”
1929. Someone is made to see sense (even if it likely the last thing that they will see for a while) and John gets a surprise on Sherlock's birthday.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Theft Of The Bruce-Partington Plans
My son flushed bright red, muttered his thanks and almost ran into the house. Sherlock chuckled and clicked the reins, driving me home for a prolonged session of manly embracing. Definitely nothing else.
I had absolutely no doubt that one day, he would
I smiled as we finally drew up outside the cottage. The old nameplate with the utterly unimaginative 'Hill Cottage' had been replaced by a new one. Our new home was now 'Elementary' (my choice, and I had scowled mightily at someone when he had suggested in turn 'Pant-y-pink', 'The Bed-Breakers', 'Sherlock's Home', 'Doctor's Orders', 'Makin' Bacon' and, to cap it all, 'Dundetecting'!).
“I see”, Sherlock said. “I suppose that your artists run true to form and will not be in until later this morning?”
The Adventure At St. Oswald's End
not here then?” the giant asked.
“This is about your certain ruination if you keep interrupting me!” Sherlock snapped, which was quite unlike him. “My time is my own and I am putting myself at risk by coming here today. Now listen!”
Disowned after his vile acid attack on Sherlock, this former family member still kept on keeping on. After a rousing speech against the women's suffrage movement he had a six-course meal, and the final course proved one too many.
“Oh dear”, I said managing about as much sincerity as I could manage (approximately none) and not at all gripping the chair arms to prevent myself from dancing around the room in glee. “How sad. What happened?”
My love suddenly realized something.
I was not surprised. At least not at that.
1905. Sherlock finally gets his bees, John catches up with his writings, a lot of things needs testing, and a postman is suddenly very busy.
“I shall definitely make some inquiries”, I covered. “Are you holding any training sessions before the match, may I ask?”
Mr. Blackwater was asleep again before we left. Only briefly though, judging from the pleasured moan that we heard through the hotel door!
An terminally ill elderly lady who unexpectedly inherited the family wealth, and spent the lot on a year being cared for by the Selkirk twins and some high living. That included them doing the housework naked and stripping for bed in front of the fire every evening while she watched. One evening it finally proved too much, but at least she went out with a smile on her face!
The Adventure Of The Regent's Canal
of course) to cosmopolitan Brighton because some bastard had said that there was an art exhibition that he wanted to see. I had not suspected anything until we were stood in front of the statue of two masked men who were both quite well-known to us, Mr. Ettore West and Mr. Galahad LeStrade. Leaning against each other and with with little more than a bed-sheet that did next to nothing to hide... you know what.
That the three 'gentlemen' were rugby players was more than a little obvious when we met them outside a tavern on the seafront. The brothers William and James Forthright and my half-nephew Mr. Brencis Bassett-Evans were all huge men in their mid-twenties, not particularly tall (they were above average height but shorter than both John and I), and would surely have made good players for their bulk alone. In particular my half-nephew had the largest arms that I had ever seen on a fellow man; I wondered how he found a kit to contain them. He was absolutely nothing like me, which was perhaps a good thing.
“Why do you call him 'Trey' rather than 'Lord Trelawney'?” I asked innocently.
→→→→→1.1.1.2.1: Christian Holmes III (1983-) = Elaine Watson, great-great-great-grand-daughter of John Watson
There was something not quite right about his answers. I paused and decided to change tack.
“Not until tomorrow”, he said cheerily. “I thought however that you might not like that confection so I brought you some chocolate cake from the bakery.”
“A Mr. Lionel Delaware.”
Mention of attempted suicide.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Mr. Pym again”, he sighed. “One of those so-called journalists who is always targetting people that he disapproves of, yet somehow he never manages to live his own life to the same high standards. Strange, that.”
hoped that they were just slightly squashed meatballs and not what they looked like which was making John cross his legs again.
“He came with his brothers but they only stayed one night before travelling on to some business they had in Kent”, she said. “He was with me on Saturday after my performance – I am an actress and it was my first weekend at the 'Gaumont' in Shaftesbury Avenue – and when I got back to my dressing-room he was crawling all over the floor. It was most shocking but he refused to allow me to call a doctor, and after a night’s rest he seemed to have fully recovered. I would hazard that you might be thinking alcohol, gentlemen, but he has an extremely low tolerance for the stuff and always prefers water or lemonade. Besides, I too do not drink and did not have any alcohol in my room at the time.”
, I thought. I blamed John for my becoming so catty in my middle years.
“I do not wish to see the earth from more than six feet away, thank you very much”, I said not at all frostily. “If God had meant for man to fly then he would have given him wings.”
“Deduction”, Sherlock said crisply. “He knew of us and our connection to his grandfather, so he would have known that the doctor in particular could have helped him achieve his aims more easily. Yet he chose not to take up that option. I take it that he is.... around the back?”
As it happened St. James's Church was the scene of our next little local adventure. A tiny building that was Saxon in parts, the vicar had long cherished hopes of extending it but it had a graveyard that curved around it on three sides so that left only the land on the north side. Unfortunately said land was owned by the one person that the village could well have done without, Miss Virginia Hastings-Ryland (the only woman in the place not to have simpered at Sherlock, which I suppose proves that miracles do happen!). Her family had once owned the manor house that had lain between the village and neighbouring Alciston, but bad investments and poor judgement had combined to force them to sell up and move elsewhere – except for the one family member that, unfortunately but understandably, they had left behind (sadly not under the ruins of their former home!). Mr. Torrin, the owner of The Majestic Duck and a gentleman of some consequence in the village had tried to buy her field for the church, but the unpleasant Miss Hastings-Ryland had refused to sell.
“I sprained my shoulder last weekend”, I said. “Embarrassingly it was because I picked up Henry the wrong way; Sarah is still laughing at me for being so clumsy. I have the gun but it is useless.”
The Adventure Of The French Letters
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“They will not”, she said with an absolute certainty. “Anyway I must go now. My card. You will inform me of your progress in this matter.”
“No, their nephew who goes by the unusual name of Mr. Day Penmarrick”, I said, suppressing a smile at his reaction. “He works as a fisherman in the Cornish port of Mousehole some miles south of Penzance, and people there are concerned that the new Great Western omnibus service linking Newlyn to the town might be extended to them.”
“The good doctor told me”, I smiled. “He reminded me that Americans operate on different time zones to we English, with New York being five hours behind and San Francisco on the Pacific coast a full eight hours.”
Likely murderer of his grandfather Lord Harold, he came to London to secure his inheritance by dispatching his elder brother Sulien who had become a beggar. Having tried to kill him he earned the Most Grave Displeasure of Queen Molly (see under the quickest ways to end your existence), who sent a warning through Sherlock that if the villain tried to avoid a long sentence he would not do well. Ethelred tried successfully to avoid a long sentence and served only a year for his crimes; he was killed less than twenty-four hours after leaving prison when he fell into the river. Four times, from his injuries.
“Sherlock?” he asked, clearly confused. “What is wrong?”
“I would wager”, I said with a smile, “that when you have those experts back and show them
“My brother will not be bullied by such behaviour”, the prince said firmly, “and has instructed me to inform all nations that we shall do whatever it takes to maintain our independence.”
“Perhaps”, Mr. Jukes conceded. “It would have been very like him. The will went on to say that I was entitled to at least ten per cent of the rest of the estate and that each of my cousins now had a choice; they could take one of the items or draw lots if two or more of them went for that option, they could have thirty quid‡ hard cash, or they could take thirty per cent of the estate. I would get any bits of the estate that they did not want, which I thought generous at first until the lawyer gave them a valuation of the estate as it stood at my father's death – pretty much nothing!”
failings.
I smiled at his gentle teasing of his mostly silent stepfather, and brother to John's lest favourite Cornish ex-fisherman of all time. Then our visitor's expression changed slightly.
A lawyer he was prepared to try to drive his father Judge Methusaleh Abrahams insane by poisoning his tea until he agreed to sell his large property. Unfortunately a neighbour nearly got poisoned instead; Jeroboam rushed round to finish the job but his father swapped their teacups and the son met a painful end.
I allowed myself a manly sniff.
that a certain blue-eyed genius is muttering something about wiseacres as I write this!). Votes for women would come just as the last century had brought three great acts that had led to about sixty per cent of men (mainly those with property, including myself at last) having a vote, but this sort of direct action served only to antagonize people and press criticism was particularly fierce. The suffragette movement did however claim one early casualty; the disgraced Mr. Torver Holmes followed up a major speech at an anti-suffragette rally with a six-course meal and promptly dropped dead of a heart-attack!
“Not to me!” she said firmly and I bit back a smile. My friend's famous charms would not work on this female, of that I was sure. “My dear friend Elizabeth wants to find a man.”
“Because he wanted to fly the plane into the king's garden-party”, the boy said, as if it were somehow obvious. “He is a German agent, after all.”
The Saint Lubbock's Day Case
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Prejudiced Professor
And down.
a pout). He chuckled and took my arm, which mollified me slightly.
“You really do know him”, Mr. West said.
We both stared at him incredulously.
“Who?” I asked, wishing for another muffin to at least distract me a little. He handed me one and I started on it eagerly. He let me finish before telling me who it was, and I nodded.
We did not make it nine days.
entente
“He's wrong in the eyes of God”, said someone who stole from the pantry when he could. “He's a sinner, dad. We all know that Grandfather Fraser fucks him like a girl.”
“How did you come to choose him as the young doctor?” Sherlock asked. “He is not as renowned as Mr. Cumberbatch.”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“Divas!” I muttered. He smiled at me.
The subject of our conversation came in from the garden at that moment, holding what looked like a display plaque. Then he turned it around – and I so, so wished to be a thousand miles away!
“American?” I asked stupidly, as if I did not know.
I could see Sherlock's surprise when I returned a few days later with Lord Harry and his twins, although he made them all welcome and asked after their health. He must have known from their guarded responses that something was amiss, and I sighed as I prepared to explain that his second family had just got even closer to him. I had contacted Mr. Tudor at Swordland's over the past few days on the off-chance that somehow all this was a horrible mistake, but he had been able to confirm that the worst as ever was true. It really would have been nice to have been proven wrong for once.
“Mr. Ollerton said in a statement that he saw Sergeant Whitefeather standing just across the road”, he said, “and that he ran off rather than come to help. He gave a pretty damn good description and all.”
The Adventure Of The Ugley Truth
Our unpleasant visitor reddened even further, then reached into his jacket pocket and extracted a small booklet which he passed over to me.
“Sadly no”, my nephew said. “The venture was funded by a rich fellow called Mr. Daniel Baddesley whose sons are the miscreants in question. The young men have set up a rota for manning the place in an attempt to ruin my business, and in that they are slowly but surely succeeding.”
And now, instead of the sultry warmth of the Mediterranean coast, we had just alighted from a cab outside 'Rensselaer', the bed and breakfast establishment of our former landlady and her husband. Bloody Eastbourne of all places, and with a wind blowing in that seemed to have come straight from the icy Arctic! This was not the South of France!
“The 'Times' newspaper would”, I said. “There are many scandal magazines who would pay a king's ransom for these, or for the testimony of the gentleman next to you holding that celery stick. Then there is Lady Soper, who might not be best pleased at the pictures of the female with her husband and those other 'ladies of negotiable affection'. Not of course forgetting your own clients who might be more than a little interested....”
that I was dead; it is called artistic licence!). John, my beloved John, as young as that fateful first day when he and I had met in Stamford's room at Oxford over six decades ago, a John whose soul shone brighter than the brightest star. My life, my love, my all.
“Not more than a few days”, his brother said firmly. “The old battle-axe wants a visit, not for us to stand around waiting for her to peg out!”
1906. Sherlock is horrified – what on earth is John trying to do to him?
I thought that a rather curious thing way to put things.
“I was wondering if you knew, sir, that you had perpetrated a criminal offence?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“That was mean!” I said sulkily. “You knew and you made me suffer!”
The only bad thing about this place was those cold, bare wooden benches!
For some reason they both blushed.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Set in a London brothel, starring Benji
“First place I lived at in London; the owner came from that town in the American Mid-West”, he said gruffly. “He did food almost as good as Vi's.”
He was still trying to kill me through sex! Praise the Lord!
“Then it is to the sergeant that we must address ourselves”, Sherlock said. “Mr. Delaware, may I ask you a somewhat impertinent question to finish? You do not of course have to answer.”
The Adventure Of Towton Field
“Another of the clues was that both you and your half-brother inherited the aquiline nose from a common ancestor”, Sherlock said. “Your grandfather judging from the portrait in the entrance-hall.”
Thankfully the new husband had had the foresight to have had a second smaller wedding-cake to hand which had been almost completely made of chocolate. The remains of which John was allowed to take away with him afterwards, and over which he did not coo with happiness as he carried it back to our cottage and would I kindly cut with the smirking?
“Friday”, his brother said.
“Am I supposed to deduce something from this?” he asked.
by Mr. Lucifer Garrick, Esquire
wearing the frilly white panties which I felt ridiculous in at my age but so what?). We also had some of those new Crunchie bars which he would always eat in an obscene manner that would make me hard in..... come on, I was in my late seventies!
A lot of orgies in Ancient Rome
I was torn. The doctor still in me had always followed the tenet of 'first do no harm' up to and including the act of saving that villain Moriarty's on a London dockside. Even though I had come to regret that, I could not willingly hurt someone unless my own or Sherlock's life was threatened.
“That was when Mr. Briggs smiled at Tan 'the wrong way'”, he snapped. “Not the same at all; Trey only got banned because he went and knocked the fool fellow clean out. Not because he has relatives who were caught going at it
“Why aim for the president?” I asked.
“That bastard Whitefeather's going for promotion!”
Memories, you know.
“Well, I doubt that even
“Great!” he beamed.
What was left of my nephew limped over to his chair and smiled gratefully at his sort-of relative who helped lower him, even if he did yelp once he was down. He glazed unfocussedly at me before pulling himself together.
I had to repair to the gentlemen's lavatory for a Moment.
I honestly feared that she was about to start crying. We seemed to have gone from one end of the female spectrum to the other. Men were far more emotionally steady, thank the Lord.
I did! Thankfully!
The receptionist at the front desk was according to her name-plate a “Miss Q. Hanrahan”, and apparently her being not yet thirty years of age did not stop her simpering at my man. I did not growl at her, and a certain someone's smugness at my pointed cough was not appreciated either. As we thankfully left the hussy behind I remembered something that my friend had said back at the house.
“Apparently he committed some new
“Damnation!” I hissed.
Out On A Limb
Poetic Justice
Then again, this was not quite the same.
Sherlock smiled and I felt my spirits rising again. He knew something!
“Oh yes”, he said, taking out a key. “Silly me. The
A shade too firmly. I had been right again, not that there had been anything unusual about that of course. It was lucky that I was such a supremely modest fellow (as I was always telling Watson) or such a thing may well have gone to my head.
“'Marseilles'!” I groaned. “You are one mean consulting detective!”
I was disappointed because this was one of our favourite spots for Sherlock to paint, for me to watch him until he looked at me, smiled that smile and..... well, what else were roadside barns for?
Lord Backwater's Downfall
Sherlock, after five years in Cramer Street, two in Montague Street and those few short weeks in Dorset Street. All had in turn been my home even if rented, and now we were going to a place of our own at last.
jealous. They did not make hotel beds like they used to, and  after seeing Mr. Benjamin Jackson-Giles whom some annoying blue-eyed person still called 'Benji', we had gone to the hotel and... well, I had not strutted at 'someone' needing two cushions the following morning.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
This was so embarrassing. I did not think anything could make it worse, until Sherlock suddenly got out of bed and went across to his dressing-table, returning with a large glass cologne bottle. He sprayed a little on his hand and offered it to me.
“So if I suggested sex in one of these, you would be against the idea?” he said slyly.
“Of course”, I said firmly. “I bought him a whole box of chocolate squares all for himself.”
Inspired by the tale of Samson (Mr. Colgrevance Hamlin)
And to think that some people had the nerve to call
Rather curiously as we were being driven up Baker Street I chanced to look across at the passing traffic and was almost sure that I saw Mr. Galahad LeStrade in a cab going the other way. Great! Now I was not only old but delusional to boot!
The Adventure Of The Thieving Son
“On Thursday Miss Ockham visits Mr. Leeds at the works and he mentions that they have achieved a technological breakthrough”, Sherlock went on. “She knows that now is the time to strike. Doubtless like too many young bucks Mr. Leeds assumes that the technological spiel that he inflicts on his lady-friend goes clear over her head, but although she may not fully grasp the technical details, his report of the breakthrough is what causes her to set her own plans in motion. He must have previously told her – or rather boasted to her – that a breakthrough was imminent, so she was prepared.”
“Because your grandfather most cleverly misled you”, I smiled, “or at least he misled your cousins. You see, by 'my door' he was referring to the
“Given the influence that the current American ambassador has with his president, I very much doubt that Mr. Magnum would get much in the way of justice”, I said dryly. “No, I think that other methods are called for.”
It was one of those odd coincidences that this case happened just after I had received a note from my friend Brendon, the former molly-man who had gone to the Far North of Scotland to oversee the estates of his half-nephew Edmund Duke of Cromartyshire. That had resulted in establishing a relationship between Brendon and Aedh Campbell, the twin brother of the now-duchess, and the two men had marked the twentieth anniversary of their first, rather stormy meeting (a year before I had met them in Scotland) by having two weeks in the Lake District at the Selkirk twins’ guest-house. I was sure that Brendon was just boasting when he mentioned some of the things that they had done there both on their own and with the boys and their guests Mr. Baker and Mr. Poncherello, but still, I decided that I had better make sure that they had not been just boasting by testing out as many as I could on John.
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
Sherlock nodded, and thought for some little time.
did not mean that I was whipped thank you very much!). Although there had been the paddle two nights back....
“When you went to Scotland”, I said. “I kept going by sleeping with one of your shirts out of the laundry-basket. This time I took that woollen monstrosity knowing that you sweat when wearing it. It… kept me going. You know.”
I coughed pointedly.
I just glared at him.
“What?” I asked.
“This is really most vexatious”, the lawyer said, taking off and polishing his wire-rimmed spectacles. “I had so hoped that John would help me enlist your aid, although I should have remembered that he does occasionally visit his brother. I suppose that I ought to have telegraphed ahead, but I considered the matter most urgent.”
I rolled my eyes at him.
“Not really”, he said. “These National Socialists have destroyed all opposition so it is a dictatorship in all but name. Once there is no-one to hold a government to account, things can go very wrong very quickly. I have sold everything I had over there and I would advise others to do the same.”
But that victory had so nearly proven to be a terrible personal cost to me, and I had Sherlock to thank for avoiding a tragedy. My son Ivan had been court-martialed for desertion and would have been shot as was common practice at the time had not a colleague of his, a Lieutenant Christian Carton-Jones, had the kindness to send a warning telegram to Ivan's wife Anne and she had in turn had had the good sense to contact me (although to her I was only her son's godfather and husband's patron). The full weight of the Holmes machine was immediately thrown into action and Ivan was now being shipped back, having been honourably discharged.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
See under Master Stuart MacInnes. These young villains would not be the last to think that diplomatic immunity would protect them. They too were mistaken.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Most definitely”, the manager said. “He works in the gentlemen's accessories department close by the front door. That is useful as even here we occasionally get 'difficult' customers. He has assisted them to leave on more than one occasion.”
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“My friend is always very discreet about any case he undertakes”, John said reassuringly. “And we never allow anything to be published that would affect innocent people.”
1903. Poor John Watson. Trust history to repeat itself in the worst way possible as he and Sherlock travel back to Cornwall and go beyond the end of the line.
“That must be the place where Mr. Jukes’s grandfather lives then”, my love said. “I read about it in the ‘Times’ only the other week. With the growth of Newcastle and the other towns nearby they are building a new line to Seaton Sluice, and Brierdene was on the map as the one intermediate station.”
“You certainly made us wait long enough!” my brother snipped, making my beloved blush fiercely. I may also have turned very slightly red and someone could stop looking so damn knowing!
“The landlady, ever eager to save a penny here and a ha'penny there, picks many mushrooms”, Sherlock said, “and begins to use her supply over the next few days. Almost immediately she notices a change in all her guests, notably in the loudest and most unpleasant of them. Being a lady of
Maybe he was getting laid, or even doing some laying. Very soon!
“Anyhow”, Mrs. Malone continued, “I thought it odd at first that she would not be staying with her fellow diggers as I know they have some sort of hostel place up there, but believe you me it did not take long to figure that one out! Most likely because they would have felt the urge to bury her rather than dig around in space dust!”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Only while we do it”, he grinned. “I want to make you come all over one of her bedrooms, as many times as possible. Then the ring goes back on and we will go and talk to her, you knowing all the time what we have just done in her own house!”
I thought bitterly.
The Adventure Of The Avenging Angel
“That is the area around a small house owned by Mr. Creighton Dallas, the dead man's brother”, Lord Fleet said. “Now the only bit of property around here that we do not own; he can only access it by a road that goes under the railway and then doubles back by the station. I would presume that his brother was on his way to visit him when he was killed.”
The huge doors creaked open as Bill and Ben suddenly materialized next to the cringing men, each grabbing one and dragging them away. Brilliant!
I did not let out a girly shriek. It was a manly expression of surprise.
It was almost dark on that cold November day and John moved instinctively closer to me.
he was shot”, Sherlock said.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“How will she be able to both get her lawyer and keep track of them once we reach London?” John asked.
“I wonder how
The Adventure Of The Berwickshire Terrier
“I did not see her”, I said, trying not to show my relief. The two washerwomen had clearly conspired to get my friend’s jumper back and spare me whatever embarrassment they thought I was due, and while I could probably never look either of them in the face ever again at least I was in the clear with Sherlock. He examined the item of clothing as if it were a clue to some terrible murder but then just smiled and took it away upstairs. I waited until he was gone before heaving a huge sigh of relief.
So I'd arranged for Ned to come round and 'talk' to me. I'd a feeling that this would be one of the most difficult conversations of my young life, so I'd decided to help things along a bit by opening the door to him wearing my kit.
Mr. Hereward Buckingham, whose brother Lion we had saved from himself back in 1903, had gone to live in the United States where he had become an engineer for one of the railroad companies over there. I was not sure about his preference for the new-fangled diesel and electric locomotives over reliable steam ones, but his well-designed trains had proven very popular and his promotion was surely deserved. His brother had become an accountant at a major company in London and after just a few short years had already secured his first promotion.
Inspired by Mr. Guilford Holmes's marriage to Miss Petra Shepherd
I wrinkled my nose in distaste.
“I am making you pay for that later!” I grumbled. He grinned.
I winced. I did not wish to leave London on a sour note nor to have my friend's reputation marred in that way. The Edwardian attitude towards homosexuality was much the same as the Victorian one; fine provided that everyone can pretend not to know about it. Indeed the King-Emperor himself had put it most excellently when he had remarked that he did not mind what people did behind closed doors 'provided that it did not frighten the horses'! Mr. Mycroft Holmes broadcasting his accusations across London in some society rag could damage us greatly.
I was so bad to him. But it was not as if I had
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I do not think I have ever loved her more. I kissed her then almost managed to fall over the coat-stand in my eagerness to get through the door, choosing to forgive her chuckle at my clumsiness (all right, I was thinking of her gun collection as well!). The ride to King’s Cross was eerily beautiful, through foggy gas-lit streets almost totally devoid of life. At the station I had just enough wit left to telegraph ahead that I was coming and would be there just after midday.
On arriving at Penzance we went out onto the station forecourt to find two horse-drawn 'buses waiting for us. Steam-powered road vehicles were coming into use at that time but they were still slow and unreliable, and doubtless the Great Western Railway was waiting to see if the route paid enough before indulging in that sort of expenditure. We got on board the Newlyn omnibus which was almost empty; the Marazion one was about one-quarter full.
“And you always will”, he whispered.
How those twelve-foot high Titans 'used' Greek heroes
“I do hope that neither you nor anyone in authority is unwise enough to try to circumvent my plans, Randall”, I said. “You may inform your political masters that my displeasure would start with the cabinet minister whose wife makes rather irregular use of his valet....”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“She was with her lover, an American businessman”, Sherlock said carefully, clearly watching for any reaction from me. “A fellow called Mr. Walter Clinton. She had claimed that he was merely escorting her on a trip to see a friend, but…..”
The lawyer looked surprised.
I blushed for some reason. So I sometimes graciously allowed Sherlock to hold me in a manly embrace on our own couch because he liked that sort of thing. And?
We both looked hard at him, and he flinched.
1915. John's son Ivan is off to war and the best that the doctor can do for him is to have him sent somewhere slightly less dangerous. Sherlock also has concerns over his other family the Hawkes, which lead to strange men in Wiltshire.
On a happier note, that summer also saw Sherlock get his beloved bees. Only a small hive but it made him happy, and that was what was important. As I said, I would have put up with pet elephants in the backyard if he had wanted them; I could refuse my man nothing. And nothing was pretty much what I had left afterwards. We really should have named the place 'Bee-Gone, Manliness'!
“McCullough, who is in the same barracks as my son”, the general sneered. “Saw him one time the rat; the family is Irish which figures. Disgusting filth! I sent their sergeant-major a letter demanding to know what the hell was going on and saying that I was coming to see him pretty damn quick, and he wrote back to say that the rat denied it was him and by the way my son had run off when he had mentioned my coming. I want my boy dragged back to his regiment and made a man; you can go sort it out for me and I will be there this weekend to see your findings. My card.”
Ah. He was looking at the mounted St. George's Flag panties (remnants thereof) with the plaque below stating 'Mount Watson, Conquered New Year's Day 1907'. Oops!
“What is that?” he asked.
Oh come on! Please tell me that you did not believe that!
1913. John is horrified by something in the newspaper (not of course in the social pages, which he never looks at). The dynamic duo's godsons are doing well for themselves while those young gentlemen's father Valiant LeStrade has his twentieth – TWENTIETH! – and last child. And someone chooses between the devil and the deep blue sea.
“I am sorry for all this”, I said soothingly, “but it is important that you know the truth. It was your extreme good fortune that your lawyer is a friend to my colleague Doctor Watson, which was how I became involved in the case. I very much fear for your grandson’s future if he carries on the way he is, but perhaps allowing the uncle he hates to manage his affairs for a further five years might go some way towards punishing him.”
“I am sure that I can cobble together some sort of explanation as to her son's 'great wealth'”, Sherlock smiled. “It would not be the first time that I have spared a mother's blushes at a son's unusual career choice; indeed the gentleman whom I helped in that case was helpful to me in more than one subsequent investigation. We shall allow ourselves the pleasure of seeing the man himself and then this 'case' will be closed.”
; I wondered idly if he might go up in flames if he stood too near the fire. One 'accidental' trip.....
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He opened the door and picked up his bag.
A knight changes worlds along with twelve squires under him
Mr. Jukes nodded, sighed and turned to us. Despite their similar heights he looked much smaller with the giant’s huge bulk behind and beneath him. He carefully pulled his lover’s arms around him eliciting another fierce blush (and something that sounded suspiciously like a contented sigh) before he began his tale.
“Greetings, gentlemen”, the prince smiled. “My brother wished that he too could come to England but with the political situation as it is just now he cannot leave our island home.”
One extremely annoyed great-nephew stormed into the cottage in a very obviously unhappy mood. Although to be fair he may have had some cause.
“The estate also has some interests in the West Country”, Lady Bradstock said, “and this March my father-in-law decided to pay them a visit. You may remember that it was unseasonably damp around that time and he returned with a chill which he was unable to shake off for some weeks. I should not speak ill of the man who has been so kind to me, but I am afraid dear Nathaniel does tend towards prevarication, avoiding matters which are better dealt with sooner rather than later. Though we do not know for sure it seems that he has not made any decision upon the succession as of yet, which would mean that the bulk of the estate would be divided equally amongst his three sons upon his death.”
My great-nephew whined in protest and Sherlock made sure to keep the two apart as we all went inside. Ah, to be young and in love, happy and....
a sex-maniac! Harrumph!
Two horny New York cops, a stakeout and an unexpected sex potion
We had to leave the cottage briefly that November as we had had a call for help from an old friend of ours. Inspector Macdonald's ten-year-old grandson Fraser was taken seriously ill, and he and his lover Chatton Smith sent urgently asking for my help as their current local doctor seemed to have pretty much given up on the boy. It turned out to be an extremely rare form of winter flu (in autumn!) and thankfully I was able to cure him. Sherlock did so much good in the world even in his retirement; I enjoyed being able to contribute my bit.
“The doctor has just realized what I found out from Mr. Tudor”, my nephew said gravely. “Trey's foul father-in-law recently purchased a controlling interest in the 'Clarion', that weekly rag that calls itself a newspaper. His daughter will use that connection to make any divorce as unpleasant and costly as possible.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
It was two days after our return to Baker Street that John suddenly asked me something.
“I made it clear that fifty was as far as I was prepared to go”, Sherlock said firmly. “Apart from two small familiar matters and, of course, a certain affair involving laundry items, I have kept to that.”
Typically the weather now decided to frustrate my plans, the squally December rains continuing all day which meant that it would take a long time for the jumper to dry properly. I spent some time in the village tavern but when I returned to Mrs. Smith, she told me that it would not be dry until the following day. So I had to return without it.
1904. Doctor John Hamish Watson would like it put on record that he is not at all jealous when handsome, charismatic and powerful men come into his life. Especially when Sherlock is asked to break the law to help them. So there!
1906. John's writings finally catch up with the stories fit to be published, and the dynamic duo take a trip that will take in another beach-hut and a room with a view (sex in both, as if you have to ask!). Plus there is more fun with costumes and a long-promised battleship.
“It looks like the United States Constitution is incorrect”, Sherlock muttered. “All men are
“What about the gun?” I asked.
“Of course”, Sherlock agreed. “How can we help?”
“I would have expected little better from cretins who think that standing in the street and yelling at people somehow constitutes a living”, he said dryly. “If you had any sense in those thick skulls of yours, gentlemen, you would know that this is
“No”, he said, “Mr. Cumberbatch. The police van taking him to the station was held up by a dozen armed men and he was dragged out and shot. There were only three officers and all unarmed, so they could not stop them. They were lucky that they did not get shot too.”
The Adventure Of Mr. Wolf's Gold
Throughout that year there was one date that loomed particularly large in my mind, namely September the twenty-third. My son Ivan's birthday, and this year would be his twenty-first when his mother had promised to reveal his true parentage to him whatever her husband said. I had been both dreading and looking forward to it, although of course a large part of me was wondering just what was going to go wrong this time to wreck everything.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Lucifer's first time, with Balin and Balan
“Go on”, I said.
“Don't you start with the 'leaving out things'. Mr. Holmes sir”, he said reprovingly. “One look at the skew-whiff rug over there tells me he got rather more than the odd chocolate square!”
Nursery rhymes for adults – if they're brave enough!
“That is odd”, I said, “because when the police came to arrest her this morning, her psychic powers had apparently failed to forewarn her of such a development. Rather bad timing on their part as it means that she is now behind bars.”
“This is from our friend Ginger up in London”, he said. “It seems that among the passengers on the ship was a lady travelling second-class with a 'friend'. Her name was Mrs. Emma-Jane Watson.”
The Adventure Of The Airborne Assassin
The town of Edgeware was quite small and had only one ladies’ outfitters. The lady at the counter seemed at first mortified that a
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Lion should have hated me.
“Mrs. Zeuson and Harry”, Sherlock said, smiling slightly for some reason. “Sherrinford asked me to warn them both that there would be some flooding incident along the east coast and that their little bed and breakfast establishment might be vulnerable. They wisely took his advice and laid in extra sandbags, so were protected from the flooding in their village. Their house is fine.”
I smiled. I was beginning to see how this had been done. The late Mr. William Jukes had been a smart man indeed.
“It was injected by syringe”, Sherlock explained. “Which brings me to the less pleasant part of my visit. I am sorry to say that a few nights ago while you were all sleeping I employed the professional burglary services of one of the top men in his profession in London. He or rather his superior owed me a favour, and I cashed it in.”
“Please tell us about the field with the Mazarin Stone in it”, Sherlock said.
“He is preparing to take his own life!”
Samson's Hair-Raising Adventure
“It is very bad”, he said. “I do not like to say, it but I can see no way that Mr. Leeds cannot be guilty despite what he says. However I have read the doctor's books and I know of your ability to produce miracles from time to time. One is certainly needed now!”
“I see that you drove up this morning”, she said. “It is good that you have the car, what with us living in such a rural area.”
The vicar beamed.
“Because he will be expecting us to change to the Metropolitan at Liverpool Street where the connection is better”, I said, “so he will use the next station to just change carriages and get round our obstacle. But we can change there as well. We shall have to wait until the train is about to leave and make a run for it. Let us go to the front of the train to give us as much distance as possible.”
For what I am about to receive, may the Lord let me survive it!
I may have left out one small – well, medium-sized – detail in the story in that I spoke privately to Sergeant-Major Jones and he and his wife agreed to come to London with his camera and reproduce her famous 'Sir Come-Scribe' work for me. Except the figure draped stark naked over a pommel-horse was not a young soldier but a deeply blushing English country doctor. What with that, the Reigate photograph and Mrs. Callington's drawing, I could probably open an art exhibition devoted to my love.....
“Our car is apparently not only female but also named after an electrical term”, Sherlock said glumly, sounding like he was the most put-upon fellow in the history of ever (hah!). “I wanted to eat a packet of crisps as we were driving here but your uncle insisted that we pull over so that I would not soil 'her’.”
The tug-of-war team with the ropes tied... there
“I have therefore most generously decided to grant you
because of that!
Again the clock was very loud. Sherlock rose slowly to his feet.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Love?” I managed at last. I sounded like I was on helium!
I continued to just stare at him, speechless, although I was dimly aware that the dark clouds behind him were swiftly clearing.
“What?” I asked, confused.
The Adventure Of The Rubber-Ducks
“I do not like that at all!” he said forcibly.
1934. Sometimes John just feels like a trophy husband. But he also has bad days....
“Fray” he said ominously, “I think that you need to be somewhere else.”
“Back to Mr. Aeneas who was, I believe the saying is, ‘the apple of his father's eye’. He was charismatic, outgoing and popular with all who knew him. He even took part in competitive athletic events when younger. He married well, but sadly there were no children. It was a great tragedy when he caught a particularly virulent strain of influenza while visiting with a friend in France and died this past January. His father was of course heart-broken.”
A son of the family who virtually owned Kincardineshire and had both the local police and the judges in their pocket. This encouraged him to rape a local girl, thinking that there would be no repercussions. There were repercussions; he was ambushed by the locals, raped himself by the smith (the largest man in the village) and then murdered, his body being thrown down the castle well at Kincardine near to where his cottage was.
1903. A difficult parting.
The Adventure Of The Tired Captain
“No”, I said. “He just likes one of you.”
“What?”
“Thank you, sirs.”
“I do not know if five days will be enough”, he said. “It is all rather bizarre, almost supernatural, although I myself fear that more earthly forces are behind it all.”
The Adventure Of Bernicia Cottage
desperate. Randall sent me a telegram yesterday from the Balkans and his worst fears look set to come true. The Austrians have made a whole host of demands on the Serbs after the assassination and the Russians have made it clear that this time they will come to the aid of their fellow Slavs. The war that we have been dodging for the past few decades looks like it is finally going to happen.”
A man marks turning 30 by striving for 30 orgasms a day for 30 days
The three men exchanged looks. They were all clearly wary in front of a stranger.
He had time to jump up and down in an attempt to trigger the mechanism before the policemen were on him. At that moment the conductor of the orchestra belatedly came to his senses and led his orchestra into 'La Marseillaise' and followed it up with the National Anthem. Mr. Cumberbatch had by then long been dragged from the stage. And to the astonishment of the audience, Sherlock – the real one; I would never be fooled by any copy – came on wearing the same clothes as Mr. Cumberbatch and joined the cast in singing both songs lustily and loudly.
I wondered at the hesitation. Why should he be ashamed of his 'friend' working at such an illustrious department store?
The Fury Of The Woman Scorned
The Adventure Of The Sticky Wicket
“I must doff my hat to your most brilliant late grandfather”, I said. “He told you all where he had hidden his wealth, yet in such a way that none of you heard it.”
“We must go at once!” I said.
prove them.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“How did I end up with someone who uses the word 'progeny'?” I sighed, ruffling his untidy hair. It was unfair that he was still in his sixties while I was seventy-one, but when I had mentioned that fact last night he had dug out the purple panties and... well, it was going to be another order from the London shop again. And another smirking postman who did
He smiled.
I complained.
“What did you mean, 'you knew he would'?” the sergeant asked. Sherlock looked at him gravely.
The Adventure Of The Whistle-blower
“Please tell us about the circumstances of the crime”, Sherlock said.
Come Friday morning it 'just chanced' that Mr. Day Penmarrick called by – seriously, could he have found a skimpier set of vest and shorts? – and was visibly eager to come into the house to check up on us. Just as John was visibly determined to block his way, even if he had to lean on the doorpost throughout their conversation. When I remarked how 'handsome' and 'fit' the
There was no visible reaction in the sergeant-major's appearance and yet I knew that he had tensed up.
I looked at him in surprise but said nothing. Fortunately the landlady was too alarmed by his words to notice.
“I do not!” he shot back.
While we were in Stornoway, Sherlock managed to persuade a boatman there to take us out to St. Kilda, the most western outpost of civilization. I was a little nervous because of course there was a war on and the evil German U-boats had sunk many ships off Britain's western coasts, but we made it safely to the tiny island†. We were able to stand there knowing that there was nothing but several thousand miles of ocean between ourselves and the New World.
“That was the Rubens sold at auction a few months back”, he said. “Purchased by a mystery buyer for an unknown amount but rumoured to be worth well into the thousands.”
The summer of 1905 saw the Moroccan (or Tangiers) Crisis, the first of three scares that could have precipitated a global conflict when the German Kaiser made an attempt to split the now official
old! – gentlemen, one of whom had done so much good in the world. We deserved our retirement.
“Miss Ockham goes to Mr. Leeds's house, leaves the money where it can easily be found – something that no normal person would have done – and dresses herself in his clothes”, Sherlock said. “She has already dyed her hair blonde and concealed it under a hat and now she unfurls it – but in so doing she unwittingly makes her first mistake. Mr. Leeds had had his hair cut the day before, but in pretending to be him she assumes that he still has a full lion's mane and heads to the railway station under a fulsome set of locks. If she is spotted and remembered, it will make Mr. Leeds's claims over the attack look suspect to say the least. Unfortunately for her she is not, at least not on the station itself.”
“Fill me up with that monster of yours!” John groaned. “Come on Sherlock!”
I knew that there had to be more to it than that.
“We are going to need to call in the services of Randall on this”, Sherlock said once we were in the cab headed back to Baker Street, his not-smirk as annoying as ever. “I need to see that photograph in order to make any progress and I feel sure that Lieutenant Anderson would not co-operate if approached.”
“Of course, sir”, the sergeant said.
He looked at me suspiciously.
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
Sequel to Deal Or No Deal, and apparently even worse
She had however reckoned without my man, who most annoyingly still got simpering looks from all the other ladies in the village (what was I, chopped liver?). The ghastly woman took great pleasure in telling the vicar very loudly one Sunday that she had sold the land to a small religious sect whose leader wanted to built 'The True House Of The Lord' next to the 'false' one (i.e. his). I remarked to Sherlock that what with that land only having limited access from a footpath around the back I would have doubted that any new building would be possible. He just grinned at me. And when I suggested that it was a very unchristian thing to so delude a woman even if it was Miss Hastings-Ryland, he took me home and showed me something even more unchristian! Oh my poor broken (but wonderfully sated) body!
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
My love had purchased an honest-to-goodness picnic set, complete with a gingham blanket that we were resting on. He had however insisted on buying as much food as possible from the village.
“But it was paid for solely by funds from
Remember, Remember
been what I had had in mind.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I have not”, he said huffily, “but I was reading in the library yesterday when she came in. I was in one of those nooks so she did not see me. She had three very rough-looking men with her, and they were talking.”
“I could do with a bed-warmer”, I grinned.
An eight-part Dark Ages Dungeons & Dragons saga
Sherlock's nephew who lost the lottery of life in that he took after his useless father Mycroft. When seventeen the boy was specifically told not to play on the Volk's Electric Railway in Brighton so he did, and went out with a bang!
I looked back up at the small Park Lane flat from which I had just come, and felt the bulge of the documents that I had just been given in my coat pocket. My poor, poor Sherlock.
My thoughts were interrupted by the bell announcing the advent of visitors. This was not that surprising; it was Saturday and at weekends we always had a late breakfast after sleeping in and…. and I was thinking of It again! Fortunately Sherlock was distracted by ringing back for a fifteen-minute delay while we finished our meal which allowed me to drag my mind out of the gutter that it seemed so fond of whenever the blue-eyed genius was in the vicinity. Although the knowing smirk on his return suggested that there would definitely be some Very Happy Times in the not too distant future.
“The man playing me is a Mr. Benedict Cumberbatch”, Sherlock whispered, “one of the top actors of his generation. He is rather good I must say. Yours is a young fellow called Mr. Martin Freeman. His portrayal of you is.... interesting.”
On Sunday John carried me up and down the stairs while impaling me on his cock, and we spent virtually the whole day with him inside of me. It was wonderful being able to make him come by applying pressure to certain sensitive areas of his that I knew so well, but I did not abuse that knowledge. Well, not too much.
“Is the photograph still on display in the window?” Sherlock asked, smiling for some reason. She shook her head.
“But it may not be safe from us!” he said. “Do you know that new nurse, Miss Almira Weston?”
“One child exhausted me”, Mrs. Rockland sighed. “Having six of the little blighters here at once…. It makes me really feel my age.”
We returned (raced back) to the house on a Tuesday; I had provisionally reserved a first-class compartment back to London a week thence. I was sure that we might find some way to fill the time – and that first Tuesday John filled me repeatedly! One of the things he did when he was jealous (and that I loved) was to sleep with his bulkier if slightly shorter form on top of mine, as if he was afraid that I might disappear in some way. As if I would ever want to do such a thing!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“What about Mr. Magnum?” I asked.
Sherlock smiled as he opened his second letter. I winced; I know that I had agreed to his idea for marking the new family member, but I was getting too old for this!
“Damn perverted Eye-ties!” he grumbled.
“Maybe not all the way”, Mr. Dayne admitted, also blushing for reasons I could well guess. “Bronn, love?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Stories marked # were rated as particularly fearsome, even by Lady Aelfrida Holmes's 'standards'!
he exclaimed in a suddenly high voice.
Boys, please take out the rubbish.”
“Do you have keys to the house?” I asked.
“I can see the appeal”, Sherlock mused. “Would you object to me going up in.....”
related just because his brother married my sister. As if!
"Please sir, you can't tell anyone!" he said desperately. "The team accept me for one of their own; they'd drop me like a stone if they thought I was a nob!"
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Alright, maybe a little lower than the hand. My twin shook his head at us.
“The only 'casualty' was the carpet outside, victim of rather too much fake blood”, Doctor Watson grinned. “We shall be owing Mrs. Rockland a box of apology chocolates for that.”
There were no more articles about either myself or Bren during the rest of our stay in the capital. I may or may not have strutted when I had to help him out of the train at Belford – if he would wear those tight shorts of his, he should damn well be prepared to face the consequences! – but I kept a straight face when he looked suspiciously at me. Even when his eyes watered on the short walk back to our house, and in front of the smirking servants when I had to help him up the front steps. He would not be up to much for some time.
He was standing there completely naked. As usual I drooled.
The earl raised his eyebrows but did not interrupt.
I almost moved from my place when I saw the predatory look on her face but Sherlock shook his head at her. Even though she was not looking in my direction I glared evilly at her.
“Could they not have been more discreet?” I wondered. “I know they have masks on and all, but do they have to... you know.”
Chuffingden lay as I have said before on a minor road running from the main Lewes to Eastbourne road southwards across the beautiful Downs. Our road saw precious little traffic; it was winding with several blind corners and did not really go anywhere, there being a superior road to its eventual destination of Seaford that ran straight there from Lewes. There were also two fords, the Blind Reach in the village and a second one about a mile to the south. This latter place was one of Sherlock's favourite spots to do his new hobby of painting.
I frowned.
The Adventure Of The Displeased Duke
“Seventy years”, Sherlock grinned. “Just think; they started it when you were but four years old, and I was only two.”
Sherlock made some notes about the ticket markings in a notebook.
“They are four men in the King's army”, I said disappointedly. “It does not show much.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Neptune's trident was not the only thing of his with three.... yes
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
The Adventure Of The Golf Widow
“Gad has always wanted to become a doctor”, he said. “In between, um, work, he studies in here of an evening. His own room at the back is poorly lit, you see.”
“You bad boy, doctor”, he said reprovingly. “I was looking forward to opening you up. Now I shall have to find that pleasure some other way.”
I clung to Benji's muscular body, thankful that his strong arms held me in place as I was impaled on the Banjax. Seriously, this was my life?
The Isle of Harris to the north of South Uist is of course famous for its woollens, which was my main reason for agreeing to the visit as Sherlock had purchased one in London one time and had loved it. So we had come here to where they were made so that he could order a slew of the things, and I had not said yes solely because he had promised to fuck me wearing each one in turn and nothing else.
“This does concern the fourth soldier in that photograph though not for any good reason”, Sherlock said, nodding slightly for some reason. “Certainly not to do with that dratted American female whose involvement in the case is a complication that we could well have done without. The sooner she goes back to her homeland the better as far as I am concerned, let alone my ear-drums could benefit from the extra peace and quiet. Now, as a photographer you would have had to stand close to these people to put them into the correct positions before taking the photograph. When you took this particular picture, did you notice anything unusual about that fourth soldier?”
Sequel to Dai Another Day
“I wish that you could come with me”, he smiled. “But Trelawney is your grandson and a most excellent young man. You have to be there for him.”
Some time later when I could walk again we took a train down to Southampton where we had planned to take the 'Celtic' to our new life in the United States. I had fears that we might not make it as that winter there had been a coal strike in England, and I knew that many ships were laid up so there was likely a huge backlog of passengers and freight. The strike had finished two days before we left London but it would surely take some days for coal stocks to be built up again, and I very much feared that a smaller ship like the 'Celtic' would be one of the casualties.
“Not forgetting the cakes for Miss St. Leger for the hire of several of her most menacing and terrifying trained killers”, Mr. Holmes smiled. “Your brother now feels truly valued, sir, and we must endeavour to keep it that way.”
I sighed to myself. It was not always pleasant being right.
The Adventure Of The Stuffed Shirt
“The discussions at Versailles have not gone as I might have hoped”, Sherlock said, “but I find it incredulous that some in Germany seem to think that despite having caused this whole mess, they should not pay for it. One does not commit a crime and expect to get away with it 'because'.”
This was also the year that the militant suffragette movement began to make its presence felt and as I had predicted the public reaction was hostile (I just
“Lord alone knows”, Mr. Malone said. “Pete Sunderland, the local constable, told me that the man was definitely not drunk – with the people in this place, he would surely have known! – and it was sheer good luck that he went off the land end and into one of those beach-tent thingies. Injured but he is all right; the poor lady who was halfway through changing when he 'dropped in' probably suffered more as she sprained her ankle making a run for it! The strange thing was Pete said that he had most of the symptoms of being drunk except for his breath, which was clear.”
Summer arrived and my son Ivan's wife Anne gave birth to a daughter, named after her mother and making me an unrecognised grandfather for a third time. Sigh. But at least I had a lot of manly embracing, if only because Sherlock likes that sort of thing.
The Adventure Of The Andover Asses
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“I know the fundamentals”, he said. “All that really needs clearing up is whether the actions involved were deliberate, accidental or a mixture of the two.”
; the teenager had taken up with a German lady called Angela something-or-other, some six years his senior and a distant relative of King Otto of Bavaria let alone at a time when war with Germany looked more and more certain. Doing something as foolish as that was – poor Stevie had totally flipped! He had rightly disinherited the lad who had appealed to his mother in the certain knowledge that she would side with him, only find that he had been very wrong. The whole affair left a bitter taste in my mouth as I felt that I had all but lost one of my three (official) nephews.
of the time.”
I could see how torn John was. Part of him wanted to see his brother and his family but part did not want to be separated from me. When it became clear that I would have to remain ‘on call’ for much of the last month of the year I finally snapped and had a blazing row with Randall, during which much was said that should not have been said. He accused me of putting my own interests first and I reminded him of the many times that I had helped him out at my own expense and often at danger to my own person. It ended with me forcibly removing him from Baker Street and telling him not to show his face there ever again no matter what. I do not think that I have ever been so angry with him, and given his dreadful track record that said a lot!
“With luck we may be able to prove Mr. Leeds's innocence from that ticket alone”, he said. “That being the case we have four other suspects in the case; Mr. Major, his two fellow employees and his lady-friend who alerted the police when he failed to show for their date on Sunday.”
He gulped and spoke appreciably faster.
He was still gasping for breath, and giving us both a look of utter hatred. But he knew that he had been defeated, and stormed from the room slamming the door behind him.
Sherlock nodded at me.
it when someone read my mind!).
“Of course”, I said warily. “It has not hurt you, has it?”
Every Loser Wins
“We are too late!” I cried.
He knelt at the end of the bed and reached for my entrance, then grinned. The base of the vibrator was there.
Three musketeers pretend to be road repair-men, and lay more than a road
“May we see this aeroplane?” I asked.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Sorry”, he said. “I get carried away with my history sometimes. The point is that the stone is almost exactly in the middle of the field that Mr. Fleet purchased recently, and the path across the field goes right up to it, then around it before continuing. It used to be the village common before it was enclosed so the people feel, rightly or wrongly, that it is theirs by right. Of course they can no longer access the lower parts of the river – at least not without a long walk round Mr. Fleet's lands.”
We were not in the Victorian Age any more!
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Into my bedroom next, and Sherlock all but threw me into the bed, my now tired cock flagging at all the effort. At least I was still loose enough to take him without any further preparation and he thrust in easily, reaching round and gently massaging my cock without trying to force another orgasm out of me. Yet despite my tiredness, I still managed a few feeble spurts as he drove hard inside me and this time he did come, grabbing me hard as he rode through a sudden orgasm.
his Italian stallion lovers down to see us in the cottage! I had had to fuck him long and hard for the best part of a whole day in order to talk him out of it.
The celebrations for these things were going to be the death of me, though!
“A little”, I confessed. “What is going on here?”
I had not been
I was not pouting. I was not!
“I wonder why he has come all the way from the far reaches of Mercia?” I mused.
All right, apart from an evening of manly embracing.
“The play is called 'Before 221B'”, he said. “It is all about the two of you meeting in London three years before Bargate and solving the theft of the Crown Jewels. I know, I know; I feel much the same about some of your so-called 'fans' as you do, but our prisons and asylums are full enough as it is! The French president is an ardent fan of 'Johnlock' – I loathe that word as much as I know both of you do – and he has asked if he might meet you. Of course the King-Emperor cannot command your attendance, but the country needs it.”
“There is also a very exclusive
“The lads call the two of us Beauty and the Beast”, he admitted ruefully. “Ned.... he's class even though he roughs it with the rest of us. I can see why me might go for Bill or Jay; they're the only ones in the team anything like as good-looking as he is. Thing is I don't think he's the sort – but I did think that if I saw it then perhaps someone else did.”
“I do not think that there is much danger of this service being extended on to Mousehole if they can only get four passengers including us off the London express”, I said, “But we have some time here to monitor things, so we shall see if the numbers improve.”
“Your mother?” I asked curiously.
He looked absolutely horrified, as well he might. All those stories, just a few steps away! Hah!
A week passed and yet Sherlock did not seem to actually
I was grateful that Sherlock still had The Voice even if he only ever used it on me. Mr. Irons shook himself, gave one lustful look at my great-nephew and nodded.
And for the rest of my life I did just that.
The one thing about Lion that I
Vich Ian Vor
fingerprints on that syringe.”
If Miss Holston Radley-Barnham made a less than favourable impression, then the same could not be said of her friend upon whom we waited the following day. Miss Elizabeth Woodhouse was clearly mortified when she understood why we were there, and it took all of Sherlock's persuasive abilities to calm her down.
“Sorry, Low”, the newcomer said, leering most shamefully even for someone who was wearing what seemed to be about ten per cent of a gentleman's bathing-costume. “Didn't know you had visitors.”
“This is serious”, Sherlock said. “We will sanction the release of the body to Miss Dallas but I think we might be better finding lodgings in Kirkcudbright and coming here to resume our investigations tomorrow. We will not divulge your findings as such save to say that we know that he was shot at a distance.”
For once I let myself do just that.
The road, less than a hundred yards long, is named after the famous violinist Wilhelm Cramer (1746-1799), and is a north-south thoroughfare that runs parallel to and just west of Marylebone High Street. It connects Moxon Street in the north and St. Vincent Street in the south; their house 'Laurel Cottage' was on the eastern side towards the top end of the street but a fire subsequently destroyed it. The house was exactly one mile from the Bloomsbury Surgery. Moxon Street leads to Paddington Street Gardens, the other side of which was Dorset Street. Today Cramer Street has been sealed off at its southern end, and most unusually for central London the area across from where the house was is still unbuilt on and in use as a car-park.
1903. Fulfilling those social obligations
When he finally emerged I stared in shock. Even the unflappable Sherlock standing close behind me let out a gasp. The photograph had totally underplayed his appearance. Even more than back in that Alresford bookshop he was a younger version of me, perhaps a tad taller and with shorter hair but there was no doubt about it. He was my son.
I stared dubiously at the large box before me.
“Keep your mind on the subject, John”, he growled, applying a cock-ring – the unmovable one, damn the fellow! – before rubbing the feather gently up and down my cock. “The jumper?”
If my man as much as smiled at the annoyance.... damnation, Sherlock would pay for that later!
The Adventure Of Heath Row
I was very pointedly not smirking, despite the extreme provocation of my beloved pouting his displeasure. Although this time he had more than one cause.
“Ivan has invited us to his and Anne's wedding”, John sighed sadly. “I do not want to go.”
“Who is this man?” I asked. Sherlock turned to me.
“How did you know that?” John asked. Mr. Wolf sighed.
“But?” I pressed. Any police officer who behaved like that, friends in high places or no friends in high places, would have been drubbed out of the force in short order unless there was something else. Ginger nodded.
I think that that is a very wise decision”, I said. “I have taken the presumption to arrange for Mr. Ireland to call here this afternoon, should you wish to put certain arrangements in place. Thank you for seeing me, sir. Good day.”
Of course John said yes. Because he was so wonderful.
There was also something of my beloved in Mr. Bassett-Evans, for surely no man could have blushed more when we met Mr. Jukes at Brierdene House and he kissed his lover at once. For the best part of a whole minute! Mr. Bassett-Evans looked set to bolt but somehow his lover was able to place him on the couch and then position himself on the larger man's lap. My half-nephew was still blushing but he looked more than happy with the arrangement.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The following day we had Mr. Magnum and Captain Higgins back to our room. The young man looked hopefully at me and had clearly not noticed the slight smile on his room-mate's face. I was impressed that he was restricting himself so well; he had to be ecstatic inside.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Fellow at my club says that you can find things”, he said bluntly. “My boy Scott has gone missing.”
I gently removed the plug and placed it on the seat before pushing quickly inside of him. It felt so good, especially as I had been deprived of this for ten long, cold days. Of course we did not couple every night but not being able to do so made this so much more fulfilling.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“That would be difficult”, I said heavily.
1903. The truth, they say, is black and white – but in this case it was the shades between that led to an attempted cover-up which Sherlock, despite a frankly terrible client, managed to expose.
The villain across the table was silent. He clearly knew that the game was up.
It had been a nervy examination, with Miss Dallas and a fellow I had learned was one Mr. Alexander Heston, a runt of a fellow who was both the estate manager and a distant cousin of hers, waiting outside presumably in case I started issuing tickets or something! Their lack of faith had been irritating but I was a professional and I did my job. Once I had finished I went to find Sherlock.
” she said scornfully. “There is no reasoning with someone when that happens and believe me, I have
He pulled me into a slow dance and began to undo my shirt. I grinned.
The Adventure Of The Purbeck Killing
It very nearly did. Had he not had a family to support I think that my nephew may have totally despaired of life. Stevie was just as hard hit having effectively lost his second son with Henry’s ‘Germanification’ barely a month before and now seen his eldest son cuckolded and left a widower. At least young Stephen was growing up well; his school reports were outstanding and Hetty had feared that he was so polite and well-behaved, Sherlock had had to have Swordland's look into him to make sure.
Mr. Edward Jukes was something of a surprise, even given what I had been told about him by my half-nephew. He was blond and strikingly handsome, slender of build but with a commanding presence that stood out; his powerfully muscled thighs were almost the size of those of our three clients. I thought instinctively of a picture John had once shown me of the famous Hotspur who, if this fellow was indeed Lady Eleanor Percy's offspring, was therefore an ancestor of this fellow. I liked the direct way in which he held my gaze; I had in my time had far too many people who could not look me in the eye whilst spouting what were at best half-truths. I could also see that he had made some effort to cover up his recent assault, which I supposed was understandable.
I pouted and they all laughed. But Sherlock arranged a box of chocolate muffins for me to take so I forgave him.
“Yes”, he said seemingly just as shattered. “Wow. Uh, Stevie is picking us up from the station so perhaps we had better try tor make ourselves sort of presentable?”
much.
The Adventure Of The Green-Eyed Monster
Lord Thomas blushed.
I glared at the clock on the wall which I was sure had stopped. Danny, my insanely sex-mad lover, had insisted that we had to stay at this ghastly charity ball at least until ten, and only then could we go home and he might –
“I would like to ask something at this point”, I said. “Why did Private McCall choose to disappear so near to his father's home? Was it because of the general's discovery of the photograph?”
We made the train to Paddington in good time and fortunately the woman did not try to get closer to her quarry.
it. I reminded Sherlock of the first time that I had taken him outside the light-house on Futility Island, and since this place was so isolated we decided to re-enact that memorable and happy scene (my love's lock-picking skills were as good as ever, thankfully). We had a good time in Eastbourne (even if we got knowing looks from our former landlady and her husband on our arrival; they knew us well!), and took the same route back. With the same stop.
“I am investigating a possible crime, madam”, he said. “A poisoning.”
The answer when it came was startling. Suddenly a black shadow appeared in the distance, and then night quite literally passed over us. I could see the still blue sky out to see but that too rapidly darkened, and then it was pitch dark except for the lights of people below us.
He really was terrible. I did not know why I put up with him at times!
Born in 1862, the natural son of Lord Tobias Hawke II but ostensibly that of Mary Hawke so entitled to succeed (although his 'half-uncle' Sherlock had to help ensure that). A quiet but well-meaning fellow, he steered the estate through the First World Wars and the increasingly punitive taxes levied on his lands. In 1892 he married his first cousin Alice Smith (Sherlock's illegitimate daughter; she somehow 'forgot' to mention her origins to him but they came out upon her death in 1909).
“I swear that I shall not, sir!” the farmer said firmly.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Somehow I managed to retain enough sense to quickly open him up, my cock already leaking in anticipation at being inside him where it belonged. I tried to ease in gently but even at fifty-two he was as flexible as ever and he scooted down the bed, impaling himself on me and letting out a satisfied groan as I yelped in surprise. We usually took our time when coupling but this was raw sex and I was blinded with lust, racing towards my climax and coming far sooner than I would have wished. I came violently, yelping in agonized relief before falling onto my hands and trying not to crush him.
“You see, sir”, he said awkwardly, “Bill and Jay are both married.”
“Ugh!” he muttered. “What time is it?”
I was surprised however to find just who the pest was sharing his house with, namely the Italian Palazzi brothers who worked alongside him at the molly-houses. Salerio was I knew married, yet he was very obviously living there full-time.
“I only said that I would not
“Harrumph!” she said looking disapprovingly first at Sherlock and then at me. “I have no time for men in general but I suppose that I have seen worse. You will do.”
“The doctor has found certain irregularities concerning the death of your brother”, he said. “Naturally we have not made these public as yet given people's propensity to gossip, but as his close kin we feel that you should be apprised of them. It appears that he was shot at some distance, yet there are also indications that he was shot close at hand. Apart from yourself and his daughter is there anyone else he would allow to get close to him, or for that matter who might have had motive to do such a thing?”
by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire
arguments! Especially when he fucked me afterwards while wearing his 'Bee Prepared!' sweater – and only the sweater!
“Because I am not going to be taken for a fool, Mr. Holmes!” she said sharply. “Back home in the great state of Texas I am a school-teacher, and I have been lied to by the best. I have had boys who have stared at me unblinking and denied hitting someone, then did not even have the decency to blush when I told them that I had actually seen them do it! That man was hiding something, and I want Elizabeth to know the truth. I told her what the idiot said but I made it quite clear that I did not believe a word of it!”
“What do you think?” he asked.
The Adventure Of Black Peter
What a mess!
I was sure that the manufacturers of this vehicle back in the United States could have seen my blush. But this thing was
I have never been good with people and I was fortunate that dear Sarah made up for my failings in that area. She pointed out (several times) that although I thought myself and Lion equal in almost every way, to outsiders I was very much the superior brother and he the whelp. I was the one who had married a rich and beautiful lady (if not a modest one, I thought but did not say for obvious reasons!) and was now possessed of a healthy baby boy named after my father. I was also tall, blond and muscular, very much the atypical handsome Anglo-Saxon, while my adoptive brother was of average height, dark-haired and while not exactly ugly was plain and, several people had told her, worth considering as a husband only because of his future inheritance. I was saddened and shocked at such an attitude but when I asked around I found her to be right about that too.
I had got him going all right.
The sergeant looked at the constable and hesitated.
“The disease can”, he said. “The social ramifications are something else; poor Harry will be blown away. He and his late wife had drifted apart – none of their children had liked her if truth be told – but this takes the whole damn biscuit factory!”
“There at least we have been fortunate”, he said. “Sergeant Richards is a good man; he was very firm with Mr. Major when he tried to tell him how to pursue the investigation, asking him if he would be equally prepared for a local constable to start telling him how to design his vehicles! I am sure that he will wait for facts rather than seek out only those that support a certain viewpoint. My poor client needs all the help he can get.”
“Possibly”, Sherlock smiled. “Now, I think that I have gone for long enough without your delicious body so come over here and try my lance-a-lot!”
What strange language was he was talking?
He stopped and I could well see why. Rather than some pastoral village or seaside resort, the artist had gone for what looked very like a view across Chuffingden from our cottage – except that the skies above the village were blood red and dark, giving the painting an ominous air. Only a single beam of light shone through to land on a strangely empty patch of land directly in front of the painter, which looked quite like the area around our front gate. The picture disturbed us both, let alone the strange sub-title 'The Eve Of The War', and we left quickly.
It seemed bizarre to see all that naval power rendered almost to naught, ship after ship either sunk down in the shallow waters or rolled completely over. I supposed that with time many of them would be recovered (and the German Empire would be footing the bill no matter how much they complained) but it just seemed a waste. Even if those ships had been of the enemy they were still things of beauty that could have been put to better uses. I felt depressed at the fact that they were gone.
On the other hand, everyone deserves some cultural appreciation.
“I shall start with the photograph”, I told our obnoxious visitor. “I am afraid that it is not of Private McCullough at all, and had you charged into the barracks and accused him it would certainly have ended very badly for you.”
“Does Mrs. Zeuson have cast-iron proof of this?” I asked hopefully.
Looking back, my first thought when it happened was that I had abjectly failed as a brother. Whatever anyone said, I should have seen the warning signs. Thank the Lord that things turned out the way they did or I would have found it difficult to have lived with myself over such dreadful behaviour.
by Inspector Tristram Gregson II
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The next day we visited Mazarin Hall, the home of Malcolm, Lord Fleet who was pleased to welcome us. He was about fifty years of age, and I could see at once why someone had applied that wig to the scarecrow. It had almost been as bad as the 'thing' that was apparently squatting on the top of the nobleman's head. I wondered whether if I waved a biscuit in its direction it might sit up and beg. Here boy....
The following day saw us take the Special Scotch Express (it would not become the Flying Scotsman until 1924) from King's Cross to Newcastle where we could get a local train to Whitley Bay, from where my half-nephew would collect us. Poor John was in very bad shape; even the padded seats of first-class gave his sorely-abused backside little rest. But then if he would boast like that....
King Athelstan, twenty handsome Viking captives, and a lot of shafting
At this time Mr. Frensberg was about thirty-five years of age and looked every inch the respectable London tailor. His shop was only a short distance away, just around the corner in Park Road where it was highly and deservedly regarded as one of the best in the capital. John, I knew, felt a little less warmly towards the fellow after he had recently suggested that some of my love's clothes 'maybe needed adjusting', and had slouched back home grumbling that he should not be putting on any weight bearing in mind all that he went through with me. I had very fairly not smirked at all, at least until he had had to go out later, but had most considerately made a note to increase the frequency of his 'workouts'.
“Yes, he has”, he said. “That his former wife and her new husband were presented to the King-Emperor seems to have driven him to do something extremely foolish, even by his low standards. He has done an interview for a weekly magazine called 'Tatler'. A society magazine.”
This time there was no mistaking it. My father rose slowly to his feet.
Sherlock nodded.
The young fellow sat in the famous fireside chair at 221B was my nephew, Mr. Aaron Frensberg. A Jewish gentleman, he had married Mycroft's third daughter Elizabeth back in 1893 and they had since had three sons. Of her sisters only Charlotte, now divorced from Mr. Leonard and apparently increasingly desperate for any man, was still in contact with her disgraced father while the others had all happily accepted the silent and brilliant Mr. Blaze Trevelyan as their new stepfather. John, being John, had quipped that Charlotte was only maintaining her relationship with her father for money (he had treated her the one time, during the terrible Veiled Lodger case in 1896). He was as bad as ever.
Sherlock leaned forward.
“Damn coward ran away from his regiment when it was stationed at Clun, not far from the house”, he said. “No backbone the young generation, although  my other four boys are all right.”
He stopped, belatedly catching my horrified expression. He was besides me in a trice, wrapping two strong arms around me and pulling me close until I had stopped shivering.
1904. The end is nigh but the cases keep coming, and Sherlock is asked to help out a family member whose business is being targeted because of his religion. Fortunately he is able to 'sheikh' things up for the evildoers, who find themselves facing the unkindest cut of all.
[Narration by Mr. Sherlock Holmes, Esquire]
I waited. I knew that there had to be more. He nodded.
“I feel a bit odd having to ask you this”, he said, folding his muscular bulk into the famous fireside chair. “I could make inquiries of my own but as you know the service frowns on such things. It may be something or nothing.”
way, then I only hope you have fathered plenty of sons by that time –
“Jo has been taking good care of you?” she asked.
Hence my position today, standing outside the late Lady Hawke's London flat with a sheaf of notes from her companion Miss Eleanor Clerihew. The lady had been quiet but determined, and had explained that as per usual my worst fears were indeed one hundred per cent accurate. She had been handed the documents by the late Lady Alice but had been ordered not to hand them over or even reveal their existence until she herself was assured of a new place. Fortunately when I mentioned my link to Sherlock the lady softened her opposition and agreed to let me have the documents.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
His Last Bow
“Go to your room, wait five minutes, then come out naked, with the item you will find on the bed”, he said.
“He owed her so much”, I said. “We all knew she wasn't really happy with the Arrangement, but then this isn't a perfect world. Not by a long chalk.”
What really happened under the Round Table
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I had hoped that we might have been able to use this trip back to Bernicia to enable John to call in on his brother Stephen, but unfortunately the latter had gone to Amsterdam as part of a major case that he was working on and had taken his family with him. So it was just the two of us on the sea-front at Bamburgh, the town near Belford where we had arranged to meet my half-nephew who as well as working on the North Eastern Railway played for the rugby team here.
The Adventure Of The Cricklewood Brewery
I had been unusually bereft of ideas as to what to get the man I loved as a present for this particular milestone, but as usual he had forestalled me by telling me that his greatest wish was that, when we returned to the cottage I would grant his one request. Naturally that had me feeling highly-strung for the entirety of the picnic not helped by frequent touches and knowing looks (yes, I
“You need to be worked open”, I grumbled, cross at the delay. He smirked.
“We'd likely have won the title if Ned had moved here at the start rather than halfway through the season”, Mr. James Forthright continued, inadvertently answering one of my questions. “We came second though, our best in a while. When we started this season everything was fine – until that match last week against Alnwick.”
Behind me John gasped.
“That is good”, he said. “Hopefully the good citizens of Lewes will not hear your screams when I fuck you on this blanket.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
1911. A scheduling clash only adds to John's problems, as he has to put on a brave face and hide his inner turmoil.
He looked at me for support.
“Mrs. Whitlow has not called”, I said kissing him tenderly on the forehead. He nestled closer to me and nibbled at my neck.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
He took a deep breath.
And thereafter I received regular letters from my new grandsons as to how they were doing in school, which may have made even me sniff. Though not as manfully as John, of course.
that is the key – a person could imbibe either with little if any effect, but as you have seen, together they lead to what your poor husband has been suffering as of late. Which brings me to the matter in hand. I would assume that your brothers-in-law would want to administer it away from your eyes to be on the safe side, so one presumes it would be done when the gentlemen adjourn after dinner. You said that your husband does not like alcohol, so what does he take when the gentlemen retire after dinner?”
A keen assistant to Doctor Nebuchadnezzar Adams, he unwisely chose to try to use his employer's absence to smuggle his lady-friend Miss Alice Salton into his workplace. While he was in the water-closet she dosed herself with 'Nightmare', the love-potion his employer was testing; when he returned the sudden lust overloaded his senses and he died from a heart-attack.
I scowled (it was so not a pout) and took the keys off of him, easing myself behind the wheel and breathing in the gorgeous smell of new leather and Sherlock. God but I was one lucky man at times!
The Adventure Of Mr. Fairdale Hobbs
“Father had had an affair with an Indian woman about two years after I was born”, he said. “George and Tom – the other men in the picture – they knew and managed things for him so that I would not find out. He had been named Hector. partly because of the half-brother thing and partly because my father loved Ancient Greek tales, and he had had the best education that money could buy. When Father died I had to be told.”
Murder On The Waverley
“That is good, is it not?” I asked thinking that a day in bed might have its upsides. Provided that I did not have to do anything complicated like moving.
I smiled innocently.
The Adventure Of The Male Model
The Adventure Of The Blue Carbuncle
“Lion will not want to mar such an event”, Mr. Holmes said, “and before it happens he is going to have a rather curious little adventure of his own. I will also need your help.....”
There was no sign of the ruffians when we returned to the station that evening but I was glad that we dropped in on the police-station on the way there and even gladder when Sergeant Richards said that he would accompany us. At the station we met the station-master again, who told us he had wired ahead for us and that Mr. Cowper would alight from the train to talk with us provided that the conversation was kept brief. In fact Sherlock spoke with the fellow for barely thirty seconds, then thanked him and paid him for his time.
“You are saying that he would force an examination?” she exclaimed. “That is vile!”
All right, the long session of manly embracing did make up for it a little. And Sherlock bought me a new type of nougat-confection called 'Toblerone' whose delicious little triangles I may have had more than a few off – I was testing them out, and I was sure that there had not been six blocks of the things as Sherlock had claimed. So we manfully embraced and he very loudly did not say The Word That Started With The Third Letter Of The Alphabet And Rhymed With Huddling.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
“Have mercy!” he begged.
The Adventure Of The Odd-Job-Man
The lieutenant looked terrified at that prospect. I silently thought that he would probably rather return to India and face some of the fiercer native tribes there. Come to that, so would I!
He shuddered and visibly steeled himself.
He all but ran from the room. I looked at Sherlock sharply.
“Guilford?” I whined.
“How did you know?” Lieutenant Anderson asked.
An eighteen-year-old newspaper-boy who delivered more than just papers
Mr. Marcus Crowley's other favour, I remembered.
I stared at him incredulously. My brother had died nearly three years ago, just after the terrible Abdication Crisis that had spared us from the vile King Edward the Eighth; I remembered the telegram saying that he and Victor had been found holding each other on a mountainside and the letter left for me, telling me that he would....”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
Twelfth son of the Archduke of Hartland, brunet and irredeemably stupid. In 1899 he believed that his sister had been raped by Flynn Rider while she had been visiting England (she had not) and rather than check the facts poisoned the fellow's shaving-cream so that his face would be badly scarred. Sherlock demanded he abandon his diplomatic immunity and face trial but, when he refused, the prince was stopped on his way to his ship by twelve armed and very angry molly-men. Raped and beaten, he made it back to his Baltic homeland but did not change his ways and the local molly-men there too had to have 'words' with him. Finally he abused one of his own palace guards such that the fellow broke his jaw and killed him. Rather oddly none of the other guards saw this until the killer had fled the country.....
opinion on the subject, Miss Woodhouse?”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
We had arrived at Baker Street by this time and to our surprise we saw Chief-Inspector Baldur coming down the steps.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I looked across the table in surprise.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
The Adventure Of The Soul Singer
The Adventure Of The Field-Bazaar
She still looked fearful but nodded her assent. I went to get ready.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
No, apart from that!
“I am wearing your favourite panties!” he whispered in my ear.
“One of the men asked that and she said that he had put away her brother”, Lion said, twisting his hands around each other (he always did that when he was anxious). “Herry, what can we
“The plans?” Sherlock asked, somehow managing to edge closer to me without seemingly moving.
“I used my abilities, such as they are, rather than any psychic powers”, I said. “I began by looking for motive because criminals are, mercifully, not prone to do their evil deeds without reason. The arrival of Mrs. Bollinger upset four people; your son, grandson, and the two gentlemen administering your estate. I decided that your blood had more to gain so I focussed on them.”
He hesitated before continuing.
He went upstairs to search there and I let out a ragged breath. This was seriously embarrassing. Though I loved being scented by my man I still felt embarrassed at my having been reduced to holding my mate's dirty clothes at night to stop me from crying. I would have to take the damn jumper to be washed somewhere else and get it back without his noticing.
Someone was in severe danger of sleeping alone tonight...
Though Sherlock and I had solved many murders in our time I was seriously considering adding one of my own to the list – the ending of whoever had written this
What Lies Beneath
“The cause of death was a bullet to the heart”, I said. “But there is something strange.”
Which was even better.
“A few weeks back, I had word that my grandfather had died”, he said. “He was.... a strange fellow, all things told. The thing about him was that he loved practical jokes, and that all but cut him off from his two sons as well as making his wife up and leave him after just a few years of marriage. He did not seem to mind though, and he was liked enough in this area. I visited on occasion and we got on well enough, although I always had to endure his terrible pranks and jokes.  But they made him happy, so I did.”
“That has to be one of the most elaborate set-ups in the history of set-ups”, I said later as I sat with Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson. “It is even in the 'Times' as to how the brave English Lion saved his brother's life.”
Born in 1778, the second son of the excellent Tobias Hawke and alas! another rake. He became heir after his elder brother's death at Waterloo; it was fortunate that Harry married well to one Miss Charlotte Pensford who ruled him with a rod of iron and limited the damage that he might otherwise have done to the estate. Harry's daughter, another Charlotte, married his business acquaintance Mr. George Buckingham thus forging the link between the two families.
“I will wait”, he called up. “Please, can you and Uncle John make yourselves decent
“What is it?” I asked anxiously.
The Brierdene Mystery
by Mr. Hereward Buckingham, Esquire
“A fitting end”, I said.
“Carl is sixty-two years old so deserves some peace and quiet”, I said. “He cannot have that if you are going to make fun of the fact that he pulled a muscle trying to keep up with a lover still in his thirties.”
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I handed Sherlock Lady Alice Hawke's death certificate and he looked at me in confusion.
His not-smirk. Still as annoying as ever!
“I suppose that that is understandable”, the giant (in both senses!) said. “Please sir, you cannot tell her!”
I stared at it in shock.
“I am rather afraid that they were driven by the works manager and Mr. Leeds's superior, a Mr. Major”, the lawyer said, a look of distaste on his face. “One of those upstart fellows who thinks that he has to be a Man of Action to be respected; I am sure that you have often encountered his sort. The actual works owner Mr. Samuel Primrose has been helpfulness itself in what few inquiries that I have been able to make thus far, but Mr. Major is convinced of his employee's guilt.”
It was a couple of weeks after that when it happened. I was pottering around the garden when I heard a cry from inside the house. I raced – all right, hurried – inside and found my love staring at the morning mail in shock. He did not seem to be in pain but he was crying as he pointed wordlessly to the small framed item that he had dropped, thankfully onto the couch. I stared at it, turned it the right side up then gulped.
All right, maybe I had missed him just a tiny little bit.....
by Doctor John Watson, M.D.
“Then I suggest that you slowly reduce the dose to zero over that time by mixing in more and more normal mushrooms”, I said, silently thinking that I was somewhat stretching my maxim of 'first do no harm'. Then again, a sudden withdrawal of the 'poisons' could indeed be more dangerous than a clean break, and I was sure that Mrs. Malone and Mr. Malone would thank me for the continued peace and quiet. “That way, her body will be able to more easily adapt to the lack of suppressant and there should still be enough in her system to ensure... er.....”
I do not remember much of that November, except that the fireworks definitely did not end on Guy Fawkes's Night!
Sherlock nodded.
A group of stranded and very horny cowboys
My readers may remember a few years back the case of Sergeant Josiah Templar, so foully forced out of the Lancashire Constabulary and whom Sherlock had subsequently helped and been helped by (The Adventure Of Josiah's Jumbo). I knew that he had kept a weather eye on that excuse for a police force thereafter, and I was sure although he never said anything that his recent communications with our old police friends LeStrade and Inspector Macdonald in neighbouring Cumberland had been behind the dreadful 'Hornby Castle Affair', which had erupted in the newspapers a few months back. Fraud and corruption were far from the worst things to be revealed, and the upper ranks of both the Lancashire and Cumberland & Westmorland Constabularies had been decimated.
ϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙϙ
I knew the unspoken truth behind what he was saying. The likelihood that there would soon be Watson grandsons running around – except unlike my own they would never know their grandfather, while my grandson's wedding might soon produce great-grandsons for me. Life was unfair at times.
“I told Lowen that I would give a letter from him to his nephew”, I said. “He works on a boat here so we shall have to ask which one.”
“The shot from distance must have been fired with considerable accuracy”, Sherlock said. “Without wishing to cast aspersions, who is the best marksman in the area?”
“I thought that you would both find retirement a lot more difficult”, Mr. Malone observed. “Get yourself dragged back every time there was a suspicious death or a political crisis in the offing.”
Not long after the epidemic had passed we got to go up to Cranleigh in Surrey to see Jack and Toni for the day. They had had five children by this time, two boys and three girls, and one reason for our visit was to confirm that Toni was expecting number six. She had wanted to go for a check-up with her local doctor but he had been away at a funeral in Scotland, and she had little confidence in his locum.
The Adventure Of The Jewish Jeweller
And nothing else! Six foot of gloriously naked man, all mine!
She glared at me again but signed without even reading the papers. The lawyer looked as if he might object but a look from me stopped him, and he slunk out after his horrible client.
The Adventure Of The Copper Beeches
For some reason Sherlock checked the small calendar on the table next to where he was sat.
“Well, she does own some property under her maiden name....”
A private who discovered by chance that he was a cousin of the evil Moriarty. He went straight round to the professor to offer his services. Carlyon Holmes and Lucifer Garrick contrived a chance for him to shoot at Sherlock before the fellow was dispatched to Ireland, but when he entered Carlyon's room it ended with his commanding officer killing him.
“I would like to ask you about a certain lady called Mrs. Bollinger”, I said. “I understand that she is visiting your grandfather then
That was no idle threat. Last year there had been a horrendous family affair arranged by Lady Holmes to which I had been quite glad not to have been invited – until a grumpy Sherlock had gone there and discovered that his eldest brother Mycroft had been in charge of the invitations and had 'forgotten' to post mine. My beloved had arrived at the family home to find everyone else’s spouse or partner was in attendance. He had immediately turned round and had come straight home despite his family’s efforts to get him to change his mind. I knew also that he had not spoken to his eldest brother since, although as I have said previously there was little love lost between them especially after Sherlock's involvement in the latter's divorce. Mycroft Holmes only kept his disapproval of our relationship under wraps because as Sherlock wryly put it, 'the arm of the law is long, but the arm of Mother is longer'.
He hesitated but nodded.
“When is your next match?” I asked, having a horrible feeling that I knew what would form part of the answer.
1914. The penultimate case of the dynamic duo and Sherlock's sort-of nephew wants him to break up his actual grandson's marriage. As you do.
That surprised me. I knew nothing about what went on between men in bed – for one thing this was the bog end of Northumberland, and for another as I said, I just didn't consider it a possibility as far as I was concerned – but he sounded like he was being honest.
