He looks up, finally, and tries to school his expression into something less hopeful and more nonchalant - though he’s pretty sure he left his devil-may-care persona back on earth.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “You’ve been over the mountain?” He tries to picture her with a bindle in place of an iPhone and hiking boots in lieu of her Converse, but comes up short.
It’s a ridiculous question, somehow loaded and stupid at the same time. He’s not seen Cas in forty -
Finally, Kevin gives a solemn nod and picks up his pen. He turns back to his notebook and jots something down. Dean thinks he sees a tiny smile around his mouth.
He stops short at the sight of another little dot, this one in a soft, glowing white. It’s across the bridge on the other side of the forest, in what looks like a sprawling botanical garden.
She’d had Dean supine across the foot of the squeaky queen, sitting astride him and working some kind of magic. She’d settled his hands on her slim waist, tugged at his hair, bitten his lips; he’d had nary a moment to want something before she gave it - the craving coming on the heels of the having.
He turns around to shut the door - quite a different door than the one he opened, knotty pine and regular sized. Dean feels the weight of the amulet in his pocket and gives an involuntary shiver; this magic shit always gives him the willies.
Dean hunches forward and crosses his arms on the bar. His beer’s gone flat - par for the course with El Sol; it’s usually sat on the same shelf as Natty Ice, after all. He remembers a time when he was fifteen or so, and Bobby had cracked one open for him after Sammy had conked out. Dean had held in his grimace as long as he could, but the dregs had been skunky and tepid, flat as Sam’s Ovaltine. Bobby had rolled his eyes, grumbling ‘Well, drink faster, boy!’
He’s heard that one a few times, but it never quite rings true. They’d said the same thing about Hell, too; but Dean had felt every torturous second there, remembers them all in high-def technicolor, just as he remembers every bleak, desperate moment of his human life, just as he remembers the endless drive across Heaven, waiting for Sam to meet him at the bridge, sitting on his bench at the end of the pier, casting his line and never
“I never gave it up entirely,” Sam murmurs. “If someone needed help, I’d-. I’d figure something out. But...” He hunches forward, settling his elbows on his knees. “I realized one day that... happiness isn’t given. It’s
Cas hunches forward, palms settling flat against the tabletop. He peers straight ahead, giving Dean a flat, unobstructed profile. The bags under his eyes are pronounced - more so than usual. The line of his cheekbone cuts a deep groove nearly parallel to the straight nose. He doesn’t have laugh lines, and his brow sags low.
Cas’ eyes flick open, and he blinks once, frowning in bemusement. He shakes his head, but doesn’t speak, and his jaw clenches taut.
Kevin looks up at him - face blank, eyes opaque. He stares at Dean for a long moment, and whatever he sees on Dean’s face has his eyebrows rising.
He doesn’t miss the earth - not really. He’d never say as much out loud, but he’d lived far longer than he’d ever wanted to - ever meant to. He was tired when he asked Sam to stay with him, to finally let him go, and even here, on the other side of the pearly gates, that weariness hasn’t faded.
Dean’s stomach clenches taut, even as a smile comes unbidden. He remembers Sam peering over his shoulder as they’d stood on the bridge, his mouth slack and eyes liquid. Dean had known without looking who stood behind him. Sam had gone to her on shaky legs that crumbled beneath him as he reached her. Dean’s vision had gone blurry, and he’d turned away from them, eyes squinting out at the sunlit mountain.
Cas had been destroyed, too: his atoms dispersed at the snap of an archangel’s fingers, blood blackened by wretched souls. His very mind had been broken, colonized, infiltrated - his own happiness weaponized against him.
There’s a shifting movement at the far end of the room, and Dean’s eyes snap to it. The man standing there - no, not a man, something else,
Lost for words, Dean casts his eyes about the study. Now that the door through which he entered is gone, there don’t seem to be any doors at all. He sighs and peers around at the walls; maybe there’s a window he can throw himself out of.
“I didn’t really,” he says eventually. “Quit, I mean. Eileen and I, we—” he tips his head side to side, “we slowed down, I guess, when we found out about Junior.” He heaves a short chuckle and hunches forward. “Those first couple years after he was born were...” He pauses for a moment, combing his fingers through his hair with a fond smile. “He was more than enough monster for both of us.”
Dean frowns, confused, and glances up at Mary. Her eyes are shiny, mouth screwed up in a tiny sad smile.
He hears the broad smile in Mary’s voice. “Coulda been the next Da Vinci,” she says, nudging his shoulder.
Dean smiles, though something is pinching in his chest. His nephew - his namesake - is still down there, crawling across the earth. Dean knows he’ll meet him one day, but there’s an ache near his heart for all the years he’s already missed.
Dismissed, Dean turns back to the latin inscription. He wracks his brain for Corinthians, but comes up empty; generally, everything he remembers from the Bible is out of Revelations, since he’d essentially lived his entire life in a state of on-again-off-again apocalypse.
Something loosens in his chest, and his fists unclench. He smiles, wan but sincere, and leans back in his seat, crossing his ankles under the table. “Coulda done without the bees though.”
“But,” Sam sighs, and Dean looks up at him. He’s staring down at his wringing fingers, hair obscuring his eyes and shoulders sagging. “I’m just...”
Dean gives a gusty exhale, shoulders sagging, and hoists himself to his feet. He leans across the bar, arms wrapping tight around her back, and he squeezes his eyes closed, pressing his nose into her hair. She smells like charred barrels and gunsmoke, sweet hops and ballistol.
Sam angles his head to stare at Dean. Dean stares back, and whatever Sam sees has him going glassy-eyed and pinch-lipped. He pulls in a shaky breath, eyes squeezing shut. “
There’s a crack and hiss in the background - a beer can opening, Dean thinks - and he can hear the snarky smile in Charlie’s voice. “Tell Kevin I say hi.”
Dean’s arm drops, flopping uselessly at his side, and his bicep aches. “Heya, Bobby,” he grunts out, forcing a smirk onto his mouth.
But of course, Cas isn’t human. Never was, really. From the moment he’d come crashing into that barn -
Bobby ushers him through the foyer - dimly lit by the tinted skylight above - and into the dining room. He circles the round mahogany table with its calla lily centerpiece, and steps into a wide archway, gesturing Dean over.
“I check the bathroom, kitchen, whole damn house, but—” John’s voice drops to a thick whisper, “—I can’t find you anywhere.” He swallows loud, and Dean sees his bob drift further out as his hands slacken on the rod. “Sammy’s still cryin’, Mary’s losin’ it, and I’m—” a bitter chuckle, “—‘bout ready to pull my hair out. Then I- I look out the kitchen window and... There you are.”
His hands clench up tight, fingernails digging into his palms. The whispering voice speaks full volume now, coming from somewhere near his heart, echoing through the hollows inside.
A shaft of sunlight pours in through an open window, bright and garish against Dean’s eyes. He shakes his head, quick and spasmodic, and glances back up at Ellen.
These days, Dean could probably down a sixer of the stuff before the bubbles went out. And with Heaven’s littering policy vanishing all his empties, it’s entirely possible he already has.
She unfolds herself from her chair and stands up slowly, as if in a dream. She walks the four paces to the wood-paneled wall, reaching out a cautious hand. Her fingers close around the frame of the thing, and she gives a soft sigh.
It’d taken barely a minute in the storeroom to find the haunted object; his EMF had directed him to an ancient clay vase - scorched at the bottom and chipped around the mouth, with a crack running down the side like a fault line.
“After,” John murmurs, and Dean looks up at him. His hazel eyes are still shining, red-rimmed, tracing over the distant skyline. “When we lost her, I... All I wanted,” his brow drops in a frown, “all I could think about was...” He trails off for a moment, chewing his lip. “Chasin’ that storm.”
Charlie rolls her eyes and skips towards the kitchen, tapping the Yoda bobble head on the bookshelf as she passes it. There are several other action figures on the shelf, and a bunch of other tchotchkes, most of which he can barely make out in the dim fluorescent light. He glances over at the windows framing the dining table; he figures Charlie’s gotta have a great view, being situated so near the lake. But the curtains - done in a deep, velvety purple that looks like some sort of magic fur - are drawn, the afternoon light pooling just around the bottom.
“The forest,” she says, smoothing a finger over the lip of her glass. “I mean, not the whole thing, just a couple trees near this, like, barn thing? They were all charred.” She tilts her head, considering. “Coulda been lightning, I guess? I dunno.”
Sam sniffs and shakes himself. “Anyway,” he says, and his voice is level, but thick. “It - hunting - it just, uh. It didn’t make me happy.” He turns toward the distant water, the revelers at the little picnic on the shore. “Eileen made me happy,” he intones with a growing smile. “Junior made me—” he shakes his head, eyes going bright, “
Sam nods and sucks in a breath, one hand coming up to tuck his hair behind his ear. Dean’s eyes soften at the gesture; for all he’d wanted to be a lawyer, or a hunter, or a freakin’ superhero, Sam had always been a Man of Letters at heart.
Dean’s head snaps up, shoulders going tense. They loosen a bit as Sam slides into the other side of the booth. He’s wearing a denim button-down that Dean’s pretty sure was one of his, and his stupid hair is extra floppy. He slides his dorky messenger bag off his shoulder, settling it at his side.
nice; every season Spring, a golden hour that lasts forever. ‘It’s the heaven you deserve,’ Bobby had said, and maybe he was right.
“But,” Ellen starts, and Dean’s eyes snap to hers. She tilts her head, considerate and a little sad. “You’re not,” she says plainly, a frown etched into her forehead.
He knows he won’t make a catch, and that the sun won’t set. He knows he won’t speak a word, and neither will John. He knows the dregs of his beer will be warm and flat. And he knows the fish in the inlet don’t know that they’re wet.
John makes a short, guttural sound, somewhere between a laugh and a sob. For a moment, Dean forgets all the reasons he didn’t want to see John’s face and finally -
Dean’s head pops up, and he finally meets Sam’s eye. Sam’s brow is raised, the puppy expression back at full volume. Dean frowns, wary. “Digging?”
Dean’s face splits in a broad smile, and his vision blurs. “Ya think?” he huffs out, fingers curling around Cas’ forearm. He brings his other hand to encircle Cas’ elbow, his thumb sinking into the hollow at the crease.
“And it’s the same reason,” Bobby says, pitching his voice above Dean’s, “you never quit huntin’.” Dean frowns at that, but doesn’t interrupt. “Same reason you—” Bobby’s jaw goes taut, tone hardening, “you died in a
She gives him a look that goes right through him - compassionate, or maybe pitying. Her mouth turns down like she can hear his thoughts, and he bites his cheek, shamefaced.
Dean licks his lip, and his hands clench and release. “Congrats on the promotion,” he grumbles, before he can think better of it.
Dean hunches forward, pressing his chest against his knees. “My point stands,” he grumbles and takes another swig.
Dean watches him disappear into the thicket, the gnarled trees painting him in shadow, swallowing him up. Dean turns away from the quiet chimes, the buzzing hive, the creaking branch, and backtracks his route along the tortuous path.
Dean sighs and scrubs a hand over his face. He glances down at his legs, flannel-clad and half buried under sweat-damp sheets. He squints down at the covers; baby blue and low thread count - they’re definitely his. He presses his hand against the mattress, watching the imprint stick and then fade - memory foam.
. This is...” He breathes out a little sound that might be a laugh. “This is happiness bedrock, Dean.”
Cas shakes his head, frowning mouth working soundlessly. The wind kicks up, scattering the little bees, and one lands on Cas’ throat before fluttering its tiny wings and buzzing away.
Sam turns toward him, eyebrows raised. He gives a circumspect nod and sets his beer on a protruding tree root. “‘Course.”
Dean eyes the bottle and the wrinkled hand offering it, then he follows the line of the leather-clad arm to John’s face. He’s looking away, squinted eyes watching the play of ripples in the water. His brow is a straight smooth line, his mouth soft. He looks calm and at ease, spine curved and shoulders loose.
,” Sam says, hands forming vague finger quotes, “is...” He trails off for a short beat, and his eyebrows pop up. “Good,” he finishes, and huffs out an incredulous laugh.
He takes a shallow breath and tries again. “I don’t need you to say—” he licks his lip, head shaking, “—whatever it is you came out here to say.”
She looks just as she did the day he met her - jaw rounded and taut, mouth a straight line, a no-nonsense brow over slitted dark eyes. Her auburn hair frames her face, its golden tips brushing over her wide shoulders.
Sam hangs his head, hair fluttering into his face, and he looks so much like the kid Dean raised that his eyes go a little misty.
“If you’re lookin’ for rain,” Sam starts, and Dean’s eyes fall shut against the too-bright sun. He feels Sam’s shoulder nudge his own when he says simply, “...that’s where I’d go.”
A bell chimes, soft and tinkling in the barn’s thick air. Dean doesn’t look toward the sound, eyes stuck to Cas’ lined face by a gravity he can’t explain.
- years. Not since its owner had bitten out a raspy ‘Don’t miss,’ and then burned alive in propane fire.
Dean holds his gaze for barely a second, then looks down at his feet. His boots are scuffed, layered in fine dust. He glances at the floor - pristine white marble shot through with gold rivulets - and wonders if he’s tracked dirt onto it. He figures he must’ve done. It’s sort of his M.O., after all. Messing things up.
. The whole place is designed to keep people happy; everything - from the bucolic landscape, to the picket-fenced houses, to the cloudless blue sky - all of it exists to preserve the joy, the peace, the contentment of the souls here.
Dean stares at him, noting the faraway tone and the loose shoulders, the new laugh-line etching itself at the corner of Cas’ mouth.
Dean had spent most of his life digging his own grave - and digging some more, and digging some more. Finding bedrock should be a victory, should feel like a reward, and yet—
Dean holds his gaze, and holds, and holds. His stomach still feels heavy, his chest hollow, temples throbbing with his erratic pulse, the ever-present headache a sharp point in the center of his forehead.
), like an interloper (which he also is, in an almost too literal sense). He sucks his teeth and saunters over to one of the long tables, running his fingers over the polished surface.
Cas’ shoulders sag on a sigh, and he glances back up at the tree. There’s a large beehive hanging from a crooked branch overhead.
The implication hangs in the air between them, and Dean gives an imperceptible nod. Dean’s no Dr. Phil, but he knows himself well enough to acknowledge this particular truth. And Sam had pulled enough armchair psychiatry on him over the years to nearly convince him there was no shame in it.
That could be any number of people. Eileen, Jo, Ellen. His parents, Bobby. Even Charlie has offered a hand here and there.
Kevin gives a crooked half smile and nods toward the map. “Your little forest,” he says. “Where is it?”
Back then, Dean had told him to pull the comic from his site and go the hell outside. Now, Dean feels mild envy for him and Charlie both.
John clocks it though, as he always did when Dean got snarky. Punishment was usually swift, the degree of severity proportionate to the count of John’s empties. More often than not, it was a stern look or a barked reprimand - a cuff about the ears, if John was really in his cups.
Dean’s mouth moves before his brain does, stuttering out, “I just—” before he bites his tongue and turns his face from Sam’s view. He’s not sure what he was going to say next, not really sure of anything these days. His pulse beats in his ears.
- only to frown down at the flat dregs. She shifts as if to stand, then her face lights up, and she smiles over at Dean. “Hey, check this out,” she says, and the childlike excitement in her voice has Dean leaning forward. She raises the
The teddy bear had blown a hole through its own head, stuffing falling like snow, and the pearl had been crushed to sparkling dust, fine as John’s windswept ashes.
“You know,” Mary begins, and Dean’s eyes flick to her hands, still resting on the table. “He’s not going anywhere,” she says, and Dean’s eye twitches in a wince. “You know that, right?”
He steps around the bench and lowers himself gingerly onto the seat. A familiar ache climbs from the backs of his thighs to the small of his back, and he smiles at the low burn.
Bobby heaves a sigh, more resigned than frustrated now. “‘Course ya don’t,” he grumbles and reaches for the dusty bottle. “Fish doesn’t know it’s in the water.”
Dean nods his head, pursing his lips. “Funny,” he murmurs, and Kevin’s eyes flick to his for an instant, squinted and wry.
Dean follows suit. As the lager touches his tongue, he’s tempted to make a face - just on principle - but he can’t quite bring himself to do it. The flavor is mild, the bubbles fine and buoyant, and it cools his throat against the warm spring air.
Dean chews on his tongue and gives a twitchy nod. “Good for you, man,” he grunts out, peering down at his flexing hands. “I’m, uh,” he nods again, more like a shiver. “I’m happy for ya.”
He sits down on the end of the nearest table, twiddling his thumbs. From this distance, he can barely hear the pen scratching over the paper, and the interminable silence grows oppressive.
“You’re a good kid,” he says, and the sincerity in his voice has Dean’s shoulders going tense, “but...” He trails off, jaw working like he’s chewing his tongue. After a moment he continues. “There’s a reason you ain’t seen hide nor feather of your angel in half a damn century.”
Dean swings his leg over the stool, resting his elbows on the tabletop as Bobby settles in opposite him. “Karen home?” he asks as Bobby slides him his glass.
Ellen is silent for half a moment, then gives a pensive hum. He sees her hand slide along the bar toward the whisky bottle, a forgotten MacGuffin sitting half empty.
“Look, Dean,” Kevin says, sotto voce. “It’s...” he shakes his head, thumping his pen against his palm. “It’s nice to see you and all—”
him, and he feels like he had just after Mary had burned - like he’s standing on a snowy slope in the imminence of an avalanche, like the softest spoken word will bury him in debris.
, and they could carry on as ever, as always. They’d stare down at the picnic a while, til Sam got up to go join them. Dean would head home to sit alone on the ratty couch in his bunker, or sit alone at his little inlet, never catching any fish, or sit alone in his car parked outside the forest in the field - unable to enter, unable to turn away.
In the half-light, the hills and valleys of his face are shadowed, his eyes a murky ocean blue. He’s got that look he gets sometimes: sad but...
he? He can’t think of a single moment in his life - or his afterlife, for that matter - where nothing hurt, where nothing stung, where the ache in his chest didn’t prod at him with cold, blunt fingers.
Dean follows him through, boots clicking against the stone tile flooring. It’s a rustic sort of kitchen, country style, with butcher block countertops and a farmhouse sink done in etched porcelain. There’s a pretty pink apron draped over a cabinet door, and matching handtowels on the copper oven handle.
Ellen makes a sound like ‘hoo-ey’, and Dean looks up at her through watery eyes. Her face is screwed up, tongue running over her teeth, and Dean huffs a laugh that feels like smoke in his lungs.
Dean’s jaw goes taut, mouth pulling into a rictus of a smile. He breathes out another brittle laugh and shakes his head. “...Nope.”
“It wasn’t an expectation,” Mary says, then gives a little shrug. “He just... I think he figured all the—” she shakes her head, as if searching for the words, “-the
Sam comes around and folds himself onto the bench, stretching his Clydesdale legs until the toes of his tennies peak over the pier end. He gives a little sigh, soft and pleased, and casts his eyes out over the turbid water.
Kevin shrugs and hunches forward, eyes settling again on his book. “Senior members of the Arch. Angels mostly.” He breathes out a little sound that might be a laugh. “Pretty sure a couple of them are just graffiti.”
He settles back into his seat and shrugs, holding his glass over his belly. “Nothin’ much,” he mutters offhand. “Bit of research for the Arch - wards mostly.” He tilts his head toward the flatlands past the lake. “Rift opened up out in the marsh. Not much pass-through - coupla small fries itchin’ to get outta Purgatory. Bill and Jo’s crew sent ‘em packin’.”
As he’d approached, he’d noticed an odd stillness in the structure - a hollow sort of silence, stilted and uncharged. A quick peek inside had confirmed what he’d already surmised:
Sam gives a slow nod. “Right,” he murmurs back, face going oddly soft. Dean frowns up at him, and Sam schools his expression back into business mode. “Right,” he repeats and licks his lip. “Problem is, Cas is just a seraph. He doesn’t have the juice to run this place. So, Jack—” He reaches across the table for the book and turns it towards himself, flipping it open to a page bookmarked with a gold ribbon. He smoothes his pointer finger over a line of text and reads, “
Dean keeps his gaze fixed on his hands, though he thinks he can feel Cas’ eyes on him. He stares hard at his fingernails, his right thumb bitten down to the quick.
“We didn’t get too close,” Sam continues. “Eileen wasn’t sure about it, and we’d been hiking all day. But...” He trails off, brows rising and a tiny smile touching his mouth.
There’s another one floating a few yards away - this one blue and dented, like it’s seen better days. It’s been dancing on the ripples in tandem with Dean’s for a while now. Dean could trace the shining line to the tip of its rod - he can just barely see it in his peripheral vision, lost in an amorphous shape at his side.
“No, I mean, me and Dean aren’t together.” He sighed. The weight of those words hit him. Why should he wait for a man who may never love him when he can have his look-alike? No… it felt wrong somehow.
Dean was still on autopilot as he went up the stairs. He waved at the Novak parents as he got to the top of the stairs. He followed Castiel to his room.
Dean slowly opened his eyes. There was a calmness in the air. A calmness he hadn’t felt in a long time. He looked over at his boyfriend who was curled up on his side sleeping peacefully. He smiled. Cas had told him he loved him. Dean had thought for a while he loved him too but now, now he knew without a doubt he did. He watched Castiel as he slept. He was adorable.
“The pride shirt in your bag,” He set the canvas down. “I didn’t mean to be nosy it just flopped open and I saw it.” He picked up a towel and cleaned himself off. “If you don’t want to go out that’s,”
Sam looked up at him and frowned. “You are way too chipper.” He huffed. “You got laid didn’t you?” He teased
“Okay, you hang tight. I’m going to make you a sandwich, okay?” Sam said as he opened the bedroom door.
Castiel started to write in an address. He chewed on his lip. He sighed scratched it out and wrote in a different address. He finished up the rest of the application until it was filled out. He handed it to Dean.
“We are looking for Gabriel… but how can Jack help? He doesn’t know how he woke me up the first time.”
Castiel agreed. He wanted to talk to him about what to do about Dean, plus it looked like Gabriel had some questions for him that he didn’t want to ask at dinner. He got in his car and followed behind Gabriel which was an easy task considering he was driving a neon yellow vehicle. Eventually, they stopped at a little coffee shop that was across the street from the sweet shop. He got out of the car. His brother was waiting for him by the door.
“When I got Kaia back… when I started to let people in… that’s what helped. Fighting against everyone, pushing them away feeling sorry for myself got me nothing.” She shrugged again as if it was nothing. “I’m going to let you finish unpacking… uh, if you need a drink we have beer in the fridge.” She left his room in a hurry closing the door behind her.
He watched Dean’s eyes got wide with lust. He watched his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed hard. “I, uh, yeah?” He phrased it like a question
“True,” Benny said with a sigh. “If it wasn’t for your daddy giving me a second chance God only knows where I would be at now.”
“Thank you. Dad picked it because of it.” He chuckled. “He always said he needed to keep an eye on me and Sammy while he cooked.”
He sighed out of aggravation. “What is the big deal, Dean? No one will know that you shared a bed with me. Plus we are supposed to be having a honeymoon. What if someone drops by don’t you think they will be suspicious if the happy couple isn’t in bed together.”
“I promise.” Which was a lie and he knew it. He was going to worry about it. He was worried about it now. He was going to lay there at night and stare at the ceiling wondering about the mysterious Dean Winchester and if there was anything there or was Dean just messing with him.
“You guess? What on Earth are you doing that’s so important? Whatever you are reading, or game you are playing will be there when you get home. I know you don’t have plans so don’t give me that crap and I will see you on Sunday.”
“You and I.” He repeated as he finished the last of the pancakes. He brought the plates over and sat down at the table. “Dean, I really appreciate all you are doing for me.”
He always ran down the street. His street made a circle, it was about a mile and a half maybe even two miles. He would follow the sidewalk as it would loop and go along the houses behind him then eventually back to his. He stuck in his headphones turning on music. His mind blank, he focused on the pumping pop music as he ran down the street. Neighbors waved, he waved back. Kids were playing in the yard, birds flew overhead, cars puttered down the street. He followed the curve along the sidewalk. It was a beautiful day and nothing could ruin this moment… until a car almost backed into him.
Castiel moved over and soon the sheets were filled with the warmth of Dean getting into bed with him. He laid there for a minute unsure of what to do. Should he cuddle him? Should he just try to go to sleep? He rolled over on his side facing Dean.
There was a pause and Castiel said. “Yes. He…” He shook his head. He clenched his fists and gritted his teeth.
“I’ll make note of that.” Dean said as he took a bit of his pie. He moaned loudly as he ate it. His tongue poked out as he licked the remnants off his lips.
“What? He hasn’t had a day off since he started here. He needs time off too.” He justified. “Kelly said Lucas is coming in today to check out the walk-in.” he added
She got up from her chair her eyes still on him. “It’s going to be fine. Unless this guy is a complete dick then I’m going to punch him in the face.”
“Let me see it.” Sam said taking it. He slipped it onto one of his fingers. “I and Dean have about the same ring size.” It fit perfectly. “I think it should fit his ring finger.” He handed it back to him.
“Yeah, no shit.” Dean huffed. He slammed his laptop shut so hard Castiel thought it might have cracked. He got up and made his way over to the stove. He got out eggs and bacon then began making breakfast. “You were an angel… do you know of anything that fits the bill? Maybe it’s something that just got out. That no one knows about.”
Castiel watched the ice melt in his glass. He was unsure why Dean was so hung up on him getting ‘laid’. He had far better things to be doing.  They were on a hunt, they were busy doing research and yet Dean insisted they come out to this bar on the hunt for women. He should have stayed home with Sam but he wanted to spend time with Dean.
Rowena shouted something in Latin startling the two of them. Standing there was a woman in a black outfit. Sam blinked wondering if she summoned a demon or what.
“I think it’s weakening,” Castiel stated. “It feels… different than before. Like one big push against the barriers and it would pop open.” He glanced down at the ground. It was Jack’s doing. He made it weaker in the Empty but… it was clear to him something was amiss. His mind kept screaming to escape. Over and over it echoed for him to run.
I hope everyone is doing well. I was worried I wouldn't get this update up as my internet was acting up again.
Castiel pulled a chair out for Dean and Dean sat down. Castiel sat beside him and Anna. Gabriel sat beside Dean. Lucas and Alfie sat across from them. Dinner was spread out before them. A roasted chicken, ham, a salad, potatoes, and two bottles of wine, that would normally make Dean’s stomach growl but he didn’t feel hungry.
“Oh, uh, I think there is some under the sink in there. If not just holler at me and I’ll give you some of mine”
He sighed. “Dean, surely you’ve noticed how’s he’s changed. He is certainly experiencing more emotions than he used to. Who’s to say he hasn’t fallen in love with you.”
Dean shook his head. His heart swelled with love and yet ached. There was no way. He wasn’t worthy of Castiel’s love. “No, you can’t I’m just some guy. I am nothing special.”
Castiel thought for a minute he might actually faint. He wasn’t expecting Dean to be affectionate in public. It made him giddy. He wanted to kiss Dean and hold him but from his understanding of humans, he couldn’t display too much affection. Plus there was always the chance he could offend the clerk and he didn’t want her to throw them out or overcharge them.
I plan on having another chapter up this Saturday. Upside to not having any internet; I didn't have anything in the way of distractions so I got a good chunk of this story done :)
He frowned. Why did Sam put so much emphasis on the word alone? He tilted his head. “Sam, why did you emphasize the word alone?”
They took the typewriter to the SUV and came back for the table. They slid it into the back. Dean dusted off his hands. “There, aren’t you glad you have me?”
He blinked and apologized. He walked up to the booth. Dean stood up and hugged him and gave him a small kiss on the cheek. “Hello, Dean.”
The ride to the hospital felt long. The ambulance seemed to found every bump in the road which lit his back on fire each time it happened. He heard one of the paramedics say something about morphine. He would gladly take it. Anything to help dull the pain. The ambulance was bright, the sounds, the bumps it was all too much. Suddenly it jerked to a stop. Dean’s adrenalin jumped up another tick. Did something happen? The doors were flung open suddenly; the smell of the night air invaded his nose.
Lucas smiled sadly. “I know but still… knowing how you were hurt like that… being homeless… it’s… not easy on me man. You’re my little brother. I’m supposed to protect you.”
He heard voices as Michael walked in with Gabriel in tow. “Cas!” Gabriel exclaimed taking him into a hug. “How have you been?”
Castiel captured his lips again. This time it was more fevered, more urgent. Dean groaned as Castiel all but pushed him into the bed. He broke the kiss causing Dean to whine. “I love you, Dean Winchester.” His lips lightly touched Dean’s as he talked. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “I love you.” He repeated into his neck.
Dean frowned. “Am I missing something here? Because she checked off what you wanted.” He stared at the road then he glanced at Castiel. “Cas, are you… are you gay? Is that what it is?”
“I…” He hesitated as he looked around. “Honestly, I’m not sure. I… made a deal with the Shadow that when I was happy he would… I would be taken. I’m not sure if I died or if…” He trailed off.
Castiel had picked the nice Italian restaurant that Dean had taken him to for his date. It was a little bit busier than usual but not as bad as it was since most people had finished all their shopping a few hours ago. They spotted Chuck and Naomi and made their way over to them.
She laughed. “I am your mother,” Then she paused and sighed. “Michael told me about the celebration. I am frankly, shocked you went.”
“Come with you? Are you sure? Maybe you should catch up with him on your own first. He is your family,”
He felt someone shaking him awake. He blinked a few times as his body slowly woke up. He sensed a presence beside him. He rolled over to see Castiel laying beside him. “Cas?” He asked his voice gruff with sleep.
“Nah, I got it.” He dug two sausage biscuits out of the freezer and put them in the microwave. They were planning an early start on the day and Dean wanted to be ready. He handed Castiel his food and sat down with his. He got a text from Sam informing him he was on his way with Benny. Garth lived off the beaten path and a fallen tree prevented him from joining. Dean hoped someone took care of the tree so Garth wouldn’t miss any work when they opened back up.
He glanced over at Dean. That worried him more than anything. He couldn’t protect Dean anymore. They were on equal footing now. If Dean got hurt he couldn’t heal him. He clenched his pants leg.
Chuck passed around the rolls and they took one. Dean felt like he was at Thanksgiving dinner. He smiled to himself. He couldn’t think of a time when he had dinner this elaborate. Growing up there was only three of them so John never made a huge meal. Not that they had a small meal necessarily. Dean licked his lips. He wondered if they ate like this all the time growing up?
The leaves crunched under him as he kept going. He looked around for any sign of the angel. “Cas!” He screamed. He knew that he was drawing attention to himself. He knew that the monsters of Purgatory could come running out any minute looking for a fight. He kept going forward. He had to get out. Sam and Eileen were in danger and neither knew they went to Purgatory to start with. If he got out and saved them maybe he could summon Michael and get him to reopen the portal so he could save Cas. He was doing a lot of hoping now.
“Then that’s what we will do.” Dean led him to the couch. They sat down and wrapped themselves around one another. They discussed what type of venue they wanted, how big they wanted, and various other topics. Dean couldn’t help but feel happy. Castiel nuzzled his head in his chest and mumbled something about an outdoor wedding as he drifted asleep. Dean held him as he slept. His heart did a flip as he looked down at Castiel’s sleeping form. He was ready to do this every day. Hell, he could go and get married tomorrow and he would be happy. He kissed his hair. They promised one another forever. Forever in love, forever a family, and forever overcoming all challenges that came their way. They could handle it all as long as they had one another. They were strong as a team. They were meant to be together forever.
The waitress thanked them as they walked out the door and to Dean’s car. They got in. “So where are we going?” Castiel asked as Dean started the car
The sadness dissipated. They may not have a normal life but he could help Dena feel normal for one day. He was going to shower Dean with the love that he craved. He smiled. He would do anything for Dean.
He didn’t like his answer. Fine. Sure. Whatever. “Still reading the same book?” Dean asked to change the conversation sensing that Castiel wasn’t interested in discussing his personal issues.
The doctor gave him a disapproving look. “Well, Dean is going to be fine. It was some sort of miracle the knife missed any major organs. I cleaned the wound and checked the stichs, I got an IV of antibiotics in just to be sure, and some fresh blood. I want to keep him overnight for observation but he should be able to go home in the morning.”
He smiled. Dean missed him even though he was with Lisa. It sent a strange tingle down his spine. He… he had to admit he felt the same way. He remembered watching Dean from afar a few times. His heart slowly breaking as he saw him with Lisa. He didn’t understand what it meant that the time. His feelings for Dean were complex and complicated. As an angel, he didn’t understand them at all. Teasing from others didn’t help. But he knew even early on in their relationship that his feelings for Dean were far more different than his feelings towards Sam. At first, he had assumed it was because he saved Dean from Hell but then he soon realized that it wasn’t just that.
Dean looked down to see the remnants of his mess on the floor. “Sorry, I’m so sorry.” He felt tears prickle his eyes. He was embarrassed and ashamed. “I’m a mess I shouldn’t,”
Dean sucked in a breath. His heart ached. He could not imagine anyone being mean to an amazing person like Castiel.
Dean leaned into the touch. Castiel smiled Dean reminded him of a cat as he all but purred to the touch. Dean’s eyes fluttered closed. “Feels so good, Cas.” He snapped his eyes back open then yawned. “How long was I out?”
Their eyes met. Dean’s heart thudded in his chest. Castiel leaned in and pressed his lips to his. The sparks flew again. He wrapped his hands around the back of his head and deepened the kiss. Dean felt like time stopped and felt nothing but the kiss. They broke apart both breathing heavily.
Dean rolled his eyes. “It’s a human thing to wear ugly sweaters for Christmas but for you, I think an ugly tie is way better.”
He licked his lips. His mind wondering how such a hard worker become homeless. He opened his mouth to speak but Castiel wasn’t done yet.
Castiel couldn’t stop himself from smiling as he walked into his office. He grinned ear to ear as he sat down at his desk.
He rolled his eyes and pulled away from Dean. His legs were still shaky. He grabbed the bottle of body wash. “I’ll wash you and then you wash me.”
“Mom is a worrier.” Castiel said as he closed his door. “I knew she was probably waiting for us to come back. Oh,” he stopped Dean. “We never did decide where to stay at.”
She vanished before his eyes. He sighed. She was pretty scary. He was glad she was on their side. Or at least he hoped she was on their side.
He stared at him licking his fingers for far longer than a sane person should. He popped one in his mouth and caught Dean staring at him as he licked them clean. He dusted off his hands on his pants. “I don’t like having my hands dirty.” He mumbled as he went back to his sub trying to ignore the tingling feeling that was going through him as Dean looked at him with wide green eyes. Did Dean set him up? Did he enjoy watching him lick his fingers? He picked up his chips and attempted to open them.
She nodded and with a wave of her hand the room spun. Dean hit the ground hard. Castiel landed on top of him in a heap. The reaper disappeared after that. Dean had a feeling she was pretty much going to keep to herself.
He frowned. “No, Jo is… me and her made a deal when we started working there that we don’t give each other's numbers to patrons, nor do we give their numbers to each other.”
Castiel stared at the food and his stomach rumbled loudly. Dean wondered if he had anything to eat since the day before. “Break?” He asked his head tilted to the side. It was so cute.
“I guess we should uh, get started then.” Dean said. He didn’t want to waste any more daylight than they had to. They had to still get to Kroger and get food too.
They turned into a parking lot of an apartment building. Dean felt his stomach drop. Now he was extremely nervous. He chewed on his lips. What awaited them inside? Would she like him? And if she didn’t would Cas bail on him? He looked over at Castiel who smiled.
Castiel reached to grab his cock. While Dean wanted this he wanted more. He needed more he needed to fill the closeness of two bodies. His being ached for it.
“Their last name is Novak. He’s got a sister though so hard telling if she’s gotten married and changed her last name. The last time he saw them they were living in Kansas City.”
Castiel frowned but nodded. The storefront was small it wouldn’t take long to clear and help out Rowena. Dean liked her for the most part. She was a small Scottish woman who wasn’t afraid to speak her mind. She had moved in the store a few months ago and usually made a killing selling overpriced floral arrangements to the funeral home up the street. There was a rumor that she dabbled in witchcraft but Dean could care less if she did or didn’t.
He thanked her as he took the beer. She raised an eyebrow at him and looked at Castiel. “Alright Clarence, who is this?”
“Sorry I….” He rubbed the back of his head as nervousness took over. Maybe he wasn’t as good at flirting as he thought. He shook his head and tried again as confidence flooded in. “I came here last week…. I wanted to…” Nope, no confidence. He felt his heart pound from nervousness as Castiel’s blue eyes locked with his. Seriously, how could one man have such deep dark blue eyes?
Cas was still panting and shaking from his orgasm. He looked into Dean’s eyes his blue eyes were wide with lust. “I have you.” He croaked. He wrapped his long fingers around Dean’s cock.
Dean and Castiel ordered their drinks and waited for them to arrive. “Do you want to tell them?” Dean asked him very quietly.
“I uh,” Dean’s face flushed. “I think that a man should get laid at least once before he dies. Given our line of work you know that might come sooner than later.”
“They lied.” He shook his head. “Angels don’t make deals with humans. Especially ones like Isaiah and if he wasn’t the one who’d killed you then a vampire or a demon would have.” He narrowed his eyes. “You don’t make deals with monsters.”
Dean felt a twinge of guilt. If they had traditional holidays like a real family Castiel would have learned about that stuff. But no, all he did was focus on the next hunt. He swallowed hard as he stole a glance at Cas. Castiel struck a strong profile with his strong jaw, long lashes, and full lips. He was gorgeous.
“It’s the least I can do.” She shrugged. “Because of me, he, if I wasn’t such a,” She cleared her throat and smiled. “Don’t worry we will get wee Cas back too.”
He was pulled out of the ambulance. The paramedic looked down at him. Light surrounded the man’s face and for a brief moment, he looked like Cas. “Cas? Cas?” He called he reached out forgetting he had been strapped onto the bed for safety reasons.
“No, Dean, you are taking a mental health vacation, remember? Plus it’s just a milk run, we’ll get it over and done with n a matter of days.”
Dean looked at Castiel and Castiel tilted his head at him. “N-no.” Dean said. He sounded embarrassed as well as he should be.
“Maybe… I just hope he can… help us. I can’t…” He rubbed his face. “Dean is so… I can’t stand to see him in so much pain.”
Naomi came back with plates for Anna and Alfie. “I wasn’t sure if you two were going to make it on time.” She handed them their plates.
“Good, Dean wants to meet up for lunch.” Nervousness washed over Castiel as the two of them got to work. He stared at the orders in front of him as his heart pounded. What if Meg didn’t like Dean? What if Dean didn’t like Meg? Those what-ifs floated through his head when he finally noticed it was almost noon and he hadn’t done any work yet. He looked at Meg who looked up at him.
“Because I don’t want to rush into this. You haven’t been human for that long and I… I want you to be sure about this.” He smiled. “You only get to have your first time once. I don’t want you to regret it.”
“I was dreaming,” Michael started “It was brief it was the worst moments of my life. Over and over, then I… something pulled me out. I vaguely remember coming here, that… thing laying its hand on me and putting me to sleep.”
“Yeah, you’ve been off hunting for the kid and dealing with heaven shit I just… and that… when you almost…”
He was at the front door now. He got up from the chair his body protesting. It was going to be a long ride back to Kansas. He heard the familiar rumble of the Impala. “My baby.” He said as the sleek black car came to a stop in front of him.
“Hmm.” Dean looked around the trees. “I don’t see anywhere it could hide though.” He started down the path.
Castiel’s eyes fell down to the dashboard and he smiled. “Your car is really nice. How did you get such a nice classic car?”
“Yeah, uh,” He chuckled. “I need advice, something that only you can help with. So the team went to a bar on Friday night to celebrate the closing of the deal, while I was there I met a guy,”
“Dean, this place is so full of bad memories. We’ve,” He sighed. “So much death has happened in these halls in the last year, I know you blame yourself for all of them.”
“Uh, no uh, reason, Cas.” He patted his shoulder and chuckled nervously. “Dean is in the garage by the way. I’ll see you later.” He said and walked down the hall
“I said no, Dean, and I mean it.” He stood up it was at that moment that Dean felt truly small before Castiel. “I am going to take care of you.”
Dean pursed his lips as he backed out of the driveway. “So… who’s your favorite band?” He asked as he aimed the car towards the restaurant.
“Cas, that was, that was,” Dean was lost for words it was the best kiss he had ever had. They stared at each other. Dean licked his lips and Castiel said.
“No, no, no!” He spread his wings and flew away. He watched as his mother and Mary became small dots. He flew out of heaven. He ran like a coward. He couldn’t handle it. He returned to Earth. He hit the ground with a thud and rolled in the grass. He laid there with his eyes closed unsure of where he landed. “No!” He punched the ground. The responsibility weighed on him. He had to keep things running, the universe was on his shoulders. He didn’t want this. He didn’t want to interfere he just wanted to help. But helping was interfering. He folded in on himself. “It’s too much for one person.”
He sighed. “I find this man to be attractive.” He said to himself. “What do you think I should do, Meg?”
“I know this little ice cream place and I was thinking,” He licked his lips. “Maybe we could go for a walk afterward.”
He sat down the bottle and sighed. “Yes…” he stared at the floor and whispered. “I miss him terribly.” He looked over at him.
Dean helped Sam get the table into his house. Afterward, he swung by the flower shop to get Cas some flowers. He walked into the flower store and the smell of flowers almost knocked him over. He hated the overpowering smell of a flower shop they always made him think of a funeral home. He put those grim thoughts behind him as he looked at the flowers. What did Cas like? He knew he liked flowers but was there a particular one he liked?
He had made a promise to himself after the prayer to Castiel to work on his anger. He nodded at his brother. “That’s good enough for me.”
He nodded. “I try.” He said and blushed again. Dean could get used to seeing Castiel blush it was cute.
Castiel woke up the next day feeling exhausted. He grumbled as he rolled over causing Sugar to fall off his chest. The white cat shot him a dirty look as she leaped on the floor and stormed out of the room her tail high and proud in the air. “Sorry.” He mumbled. He looked at the clock. It was nine in the morning. He slept in but then again he usually slept in if he was out the night before. He sat up and stretched. It was the weekend and thankfully his mother only had the business open Monday through Friday.
“It was. The floor was sticky, it smelled like piss, and the beer was impossible to drink. I think two days after the date it got shut down by the health department.” He laughed. “I ended up walking home because he was so determined to take me back to his place. Plus he hated cats. He told me only sad lonely women had cats. I stopped dating after that.”
“Nah… your love feels like… I don’t know it feels great.” He couldn’t put an exact word on how Castiel made him feel. He lacked the words for it. He knew he loved him, he knew it was love but it felt deeper more meaningful than anything he had before with anyone else.
He patted her shoulder. “Mother, it is okay. We understand that it was an important event. Drama has no place at something like that. I already talked to Claire.”
He grimaced as he grabbed a bag of chips and a soda. “Get you one too but the rest is for the road. We can’t make too many stops okay.”
He raised an eyebrow. “You want me to drive?” Dean had taught him how to drive for the most part early in his time on Earth. Castiel hadn’t been interested but Dean had argued that at some point he may need to know how to drive. It was sad that he was correct.
Dean snickered. “Here,” He got up from the chair and walked over to him. “Let me help.” He knelt to Castiel’s feet and started to lace the shoes. “Like this, Cas, you zig-zag them until you get them done up.”
He followed behind him. He didn’t mean to irate Dean. He didn’t want to it just… he didn’t understand everything yet. They walked through the library.
Sam laughed as they got in the car. Castiel let him sit up front though stating that Sam had longer legs than him. He smiled as he watched the two of them glance at each other in the mirror. He still felt a small flash of jealousy but they were cute together plus Dean was the happiest he had ever seen him. Sam was okay with it… he just hoped he never walked in on the two of them and he hoped they never decided to get freaky in the library.
Silence fell upon them, save for the music. Dean drove keeping his eyes on the road while Castiel read his book. Hours ticket by, Castiel shifted in his seat. He was getting uncomfortable. “Dean,”
Tears welled up in Castiel’s eyes. “Dean, I…” He sniffed. “I have never felt so supported before.” He clutched the typewriter as tears rolled down his face. “Thank you.”
He took that as justification and went to work on his swollen member. He stroked himself to full hardness, at the thoughts of Castiel being naked in front of him. He imaged his toned body and what was hidden under the towel. He worked his dick faster. His breathing increased. A moan tore from him as he thought about Castiel pinning him up against the shower and having his way with him. Plump lips on his neck nipping and biting him. His hands rubbing all over him. He imaged it was Castiel working his dick now. He groaned again as he chased his release. His muscles bucked as he came all over the shower wall. He felt boneless as he leaned against the shower panting as the evidence of his deeds ran down the wall and into the drain.
She raised an eyebrow. “Whatever, just watch.” She poured a big pitcher of beer and headed across the bar. She got near Cindy and Dean’s table. “Oops!” She shouted pretending to trip. The whole pitcher of beer dumped all over Cindy.
Castiel flopped back on the bed. His body wanted to sleep but he wasn’t finished yet. He slowly sat back up and looked at Dean who was still studying him. He could see his own erection tenting his pants. “Dean, you… you need to climax as well.” He stated
Naomi smiled she looked at Dean and her smile didn’t reach her eyes. “I assume you two are planning on staying a few days?”
Mary lifted up the record and the paper. “First you measure.” She laid the record on top of the paper and folded over it and it covered half. “Once you got enough you cut it.” She picked up the scissors he brought and cut the paper. “Then you do this.” She laid the folds over and taped them down. “Then fold.” She folded the sides and smoothed them down and taped them. “Then label it.” She handed it to Castiel. “See easy.”
A set of lights got his attention. He smiled as he looked at them. He actually had a reason to decorate this year. Halloween slipped past him but Christmas… he was going to decorate for Christmas. He hadn’t been much on celebrating the holidays once his dad passed. Sure he had diners with Sam and Eileen but it felt strange like something was missing. Probably because someone was missing.
“I love you too, Dean.” He said. He smiled at him feeling a warmth wash over him. He was going to lecture him about Dean being territorial but what could he say? He more than a few times felt jealous when Dean would have some random hook up.
He grimaced. He thought of his father who was obsessed with it. His father who made them live out of their car, who never let them see a home. Then he thought of how he uprooted and wrecked Lisa and Ben’s life with his nonsense. How could he leave it? It was all he knew. It was his life, it was how he was raised. “I… I honestly don’t know who I am… without it.” He confessed. “I’ve been doing it for so long it’s uh, it’s… sometimes I feel like that’s all there is. Dean Winchester is a hunter and nothing else.”
Castiel groaned and wiggled beneath him. He wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck pulling him down on top of him. Dean worked Castiel’s mouth open with his tongue deepening the kiss. He was so full of passion, want, and love. He soon felt Castiel’s hard length against his thigh. He was pulling sounds from him he had never heard before, and Dean wanted to hear more. No, he needed to hear more.
He laughed. “Yes, it does seem that way. For full clarification, I find you extremely attractive, Dean.”
Lucas hugged Castiel and Anna. He walked behind Gabriel as they headed to the door. “Cas, I’ll text you when I get home.” Lucas said. He waved good-bye to his parents
“It is, Sammy. We need to get some Christmas decorations. Maybe we can go ahead and get some stuff for Jack while we are out, oh and we need a Santa suit.” He added with a grin
“He seems okay. I mean a little lost Garth had to help him out some but it’s just dishes and that ain’t too hard.”
“Finish your burger.” He hissed as he drank his coffee. He didn’t want to hear about Dean’s interest in women. He wanted to know if he had a chance to catch Dean’s interest. His eyes were the correct color but he wasn’t a blond. Maybe he could lighten his hair. Maybe Dean would notice him then.
She smiled softly as she joined him on the bed. She pulled him into a hug. “Maybe he’ll answer later.”
“He delivers Christmas presents to good children. He and his elves make all the children in the world toys and on Christmas he goes to every kids’ place and leaves them the presents.” Sam said
Going with Castiel to see his family felt like a bigger deal than it should be. Meeting the parents was unnerving enough but meeting them after the son in question has been gone for years. That was something else. But he was going to take this journey with Castiel. He wasn’t going to let him face this alone. He needed support. Dean could see that. “Yes, Cas, I’ll go with you.”
Dean nodded as he started the car. “So how did your parents take it? I mean, I know they didn’t disown you I’m just curious.”
“Home yeah, we can’t impose on your folks for this long.” He felt guilty enough as id by getting sick during Castiel’s reunion with his family. He didn’t want to be more of a burden then what he already was.
The two of them changed into their bedclothes. Dean wasted no time turning the bed down. He was more tired than he thought. Hell, he was pretty sure he could flop on top of the covers and sleep like a rock.
They got in the car. Dean turned the car on and classic rock filled the car. “I hope you don’t mind classic rock.”
“I…” Dean looked at him. He stared into his blue eyes. “I,” He let go of his hand and walked away. He needed a moment to himself. He headed upstairs he didn’t hear any of them ask about him. He slipped into the bedroom he was sharing with Castiel and sit on the bed.
“For what? You’re my friend of course I’m going to get mad when some bitch is messing with their head.”
Jody came into the room last with a plate of bread in hand. “Alright, I see everyone found their way to the table.” She set the plate down and looked at Dean. “I added you to the chore chart, Dean, tonight you and Kaia are washing dishes.”
“No, it’s not some random hook-up, Sam; we are going to make this work. I’m tired of one night stands and random people. I want a relationship.” He unlocked his office and walked in.
“What? Oh uh, nothing.” Castiel stumbled over his words grateful to have his mind brought out of his thoughts.
“That’s all you have to say?” He scoffed. “I’ve been keeping it a secret since I was twenty and all you have to say is ‘oh, okay’?”
I hope everyone enjoys reading this as much as I loved writing it. I have another project in the works. I don't have an exact date as to when I will start posting it but I'm working on another one.
“It’s okay, Cas,” Sam reassured him over the phone. “Breathe, take a moment, and breathe. Dean is fine you’re fine. It’s okay. I’ll teach you about first aid when you get back, okay?”
He frowned. Lucas wasn’t usually that weird. He could be a little odd but nothing to that extent and why was he so interested in Cas? He looked down at the receipt. N and K repairs. He always wondered what that stood for. He stared at it. K… Kelly’s last name was Kline she usually cashed the checks that’s why he wrote it to the company or her directly. He chewed his lips as he looked over the receipt. He dropped it with a gasp. Cas had told him he had a brother named Lucas! What were the chances it was the same Lucas though? Plus he was asking about Cas and he did show up today. Did he hope to run into Cas?
He rolled his eyes. Once he hit his thirties his mother doubled down on him ‘finding a significant other’. He knew she meant well, but he was tired of hearing about it. “Is there a reason you called?”
The cleaning was more functional than sexy but Dean couldn’t complain he probably wouldn’t be rising to the occasion for a while. He felt satisfied and relaxed now.
He nodded and reached into the cabinet and got another glass. Dean watched him and made a note of where the glasses were. Castiel held out a glass to him. “Thanks.” He said as he took it.
They ate in silence. Dean finished off his first cup of coffee and poured himself another cup. He returned to the table.
“It’s a cabin or well a series of cabins at the foothills of the mountains. They all stayed there, at different times.”
“I hope so.” He smiled. “I had a wonderful time today. This was probably the best date I’ve had in a long time.”
“Bull.” Sam said. “He gave you his coat because you looked cold. He was going to do research but spent the whole time staring at you. I bet he goes to the burger place you like just for you. He loves you, Dean.”
Dean swung forward and wrapped his legs around the man. “Cas, now!” He shouted as he The Collector swung his blade around wildly as he was knocked off balance.
“Thank you, Dean. Though you didn’t have to.” He looked at the books. “I am assuming this meeting isn’t about the books though is it?”
He stared at the food before him. “Why is… why do you and Sam both think that my happiness is so tied to Cas?”
“Sorry, I just… didn’t like her talking like that to you. You shouldn’t let people talk to you like that.”
“Yes, at least I think so… I mean he wants me to meet his family so that’s a start…” He pulled his phone out of his pocket he had to call Jody about checking on Castiel’s family.
Sam went to speak when the front door opened. “What you guys doing? Come on its cold out here.” Benny shouted from outside.
Castiel had been working for Dean for weeks now. He was the ideal employee. He showed up on time, he would get cleaned up in the bathroom sink if he needed to, he would bring in his belongings and leave them in the office and take his break with his book. The crew had grown fond of Castiel during his time with them. Even Sam who at first was uncomfortable with the idea of Dean hiring some random homeless guy grew to like him. Dean, however, more than liked him. He was mesmerized by him. Dean would find himself often standing there staring at him entrapped by his good looks. His strong jaw, his deep blues, the wild black hair, and that scruff oh that scruff. Dean hoped he would never shave it off honestly although, Castiel had a few times trimmed down his beard but never shaved it all off to which Dean was glad of. Dean today was by the sink helping him dry dishes and was completely absorbed in the stories he told him of his travels while he was homeless. Dean had wondered how much of it was truth or fiction with a dash of truth, either way, he was fascinating.
The waitress came back with their drinks. Dean grinned at her like the cat who ate the canary. “So, sweetheart, when do you get off work?”
Rowena took it. “I can cut off where the handprint is… we wouldn’t need much this way we’d be able to talk to him a few times.”
He let out a loud breath. “Dean, I,” He ran his hands through his long hair as if deciding what to say next.
“I… I suck at talking about my feelings. I always have but… dude, I may not need you to fight my battles but I want you.”
Castiel stared at him. His blue eyes were bright though still red. He leaned in. Dean closed his eyes on instinct. He felt Castiel’s soft pillowy lips on his own. It was a brief chaste kiss. Dean wanted to cradle Castiel’s head in his hand to deepen the kiss but Castiel pulled away. “Sorry, I…” Castiel said.
He snickered. “Dad likes almost everyone. He’s a friendly guy. Mom isn’t so bad once you get to know her. It just takes a while.”
“Yes,” He frowned. He supposed he would never forget it. Even when Naomi dug around in his head he could still recall it. “A couple ate each other to death, we thought it was a cupid, it was famine. He was making the town want, and we all wanted. Sam wanted demon blood, and I wanted hamburgers.” He snorted. “I believe I ate over a dozen.”
He smiled. “The word you are looking for is bi. I am bi, Cas.” He chuckled. “And it feels good to admit it out loud. I’ve known for a while… I think maybe since I was a teen. I remember watching Star Wars and liking both Han and Leia and that’s when I put two and two together.”
Castiel studied the rope. He didn’t want to cut it too quickly and risk Dean breaking his neck or something else on the way down. He reached for the rope when he heard Dean scream his name. It happened so fast Castiel didn’t have time to react. He turned with his weapon raised but before he could strike he was tossed into the trees. He hit his head on a tree with a loud thud. Pain emanated from the injury. He groaned as everything went black. He heard Dean screaming his name over and over as whatever hit him cut Dean down and hauled him away. “Dean,” he pleaded weakly as he lost the battle with consciousness.
He took the pen and started to fill it out. Dean watched him as he filled it in. Name: Castiel James Novak. Dean sucked in a breath it was a strong name and made his heart flop. He had to get himself under control. If Castiel had no intention of sticking around the last thing he needed was to fall for the guy. Castiel went on down until he got to the address part. “I don’t have an address.” He sighed. He looked up at him with his deep blue eyes sad.
“I uh, oh, no, where is it?” Dean ran into the room and opened up a drawer in the china cabinet and pulled it out.
Dean stared at him like he hung the moon. Hell, the guy was old enough he probably did hang the moon. He looked at the pie and said. “Thanks, Cas.” He felt the ever-growing feeling of love blossom in his chest. Castiel really knew a way to a man’s heart. Or at least Dean’s heart in this case.
He continued his routine. He ate, he watched TV, he worked some on his novel, then he played the game he had been playing for about a month now. He checked his phone every once in a while. There was still nothing from Dean but there was a message from Meg demanding he go back to the bar and find Dean. The next thing he knew, he was agreeing to go back tonight with her. Son of a bitch. He thought. He agreed to no drinking. They would go in, see if he was there then go. He wasn’t going to be out all night. He spent the rest of the afternoon trying to decide what to wear.
They gathered around the Christmas tree and exchanged gifts, the cookies were passed around and shared by all. They were now just sitting and enjoying one another company and thanking each other for the gifts.
Dean stole a glance at Castiel. Maybe he should tell him to stay? They were his family and he had been through so much already, what right did Dean have to keep him to himself?
“Cas…” He sighed. “I feel selfish for asking but…” He looked down at the floor like a kicked dog. “Are you going to leave me?” He asked his voice barely above a whisper
The Collector let out a loud growl. “You bastard!” He screamed at Castiel. He bared his teeth. “I am going to rip you limb from limb!” He charged at Castiel
Dean spotted some apples and shrugged. “Found the apples.” He mumbled to himself. He decided to walk around. Sam was going to be here for a while so he would just get them later. He started walking maybe he would run into a hot girl or guy. He scanned the booths as he walked by. Most people he spotted were not his type. He kept walking.
“Maybe I can… open angel radio…” He closed his eyes. He focused on his grace. He reached out. He could feel the tingles, the presence of other angels. It was almost overwhelming. He shuddered his weakened grace not helping matters. He focused until he could feel the individual pulse points, he could hear muted talking. He listened, as the sounds grew and descended. Then clear as a bell.
They walked down the hall to a bedroom at the end. It had large bay windows that overlooked the backyard.
“And then I went to Chicago and decided it was too cold.” Castiel said as he finished the plate in his hand. “Put the pizza was great. I one time was outside of a pizza joint. I wanted to try their legendary pizza and this older gentleman walked out with a box in his hand and handed me a slice no questions asked he just gave it to me. One of the weirdest things that have happened to me so far… but the pizza was good.” He handed Dean the plate.
He smiled. “They didn’t seem to be bothered by me returning home with you.” He patted Dean’s face. “So I think you are in the clear here, dear.”
Dean went right off to sleep. Castiel stood there and watched him from his position at the table with the open laptop watching Dean and not actually doing research.
She sniffed rubbing her dark make-up. “Well, I don’t feel very strong.” She sniffed again. “I still feel like that weak little girl… watching my non-father walk away.”
He nodded. “You are welcome.” He knelt and laid his hand on Castiel’s face. There was a brief glow of light. “He will be fine. It may take him a bit but he will be fine.” Then Michael vanished.
He was heading to it when he spotted a sign off to the side that read ‘Dean’s Dick Paintings’ The hell? Did he really read that? He was intrigued. He glanced at the auditorium that had the strip show and certainly it was full of women screaming way too loudly. He decided to check out these paintings. Maybe they would be… titillating.
Castiel’s mouth went dry. He was fairly certain his jaw hit the floor. Who knew something so simple could be so hot? He blinked. He forgot how to talk.
He started up the car then backed out of the driveway. They started their journey early that day. The sun had just started to rise. He was planning on swinging through a drive-through and getting them some coffee and breakfast. When he took trips he liked to start early in the day when there was less traffic. He glanced over at Castiel. He looked tired. His eyes were baggier than usual, he stared out the window deep in thought.
“Oh that,” He walked up to it and opened it. “This was what I left behind when I moved out. It… pretty much my whole life is in this tot.”
“I called us a ride so we don’t end up covered in vomit.” Meg laughed. “Let that poor taxi guy deal with the drunk tank.”
He selected another book with a sigh when suddenly he realized he was not alone. He whirled around quick with his gun drawn.
“Not yet,” His voice strained. “But you are just… going through the motions. You wake up, we have breakfast, and we live but you’re not alive, Dean. You’re just there. Today, it proves my point. You tried so hard to get me to leave, to let you die, to, uh, give you permission to pass but that’s not,” He huffed his voice weakening. “That’s not… don’t put this on me, Dean.”
Dean smiled faintly. He patted Castiel’s face. “After the hunt is done. We will talk about this going on between us.” He nodded as he slipped into the bathroom.
Dean laughed. “I think you need a basket.” He located a shopping basket for Castiel. “Load up, buddy.”
Dean really did like the honey. He had it on toast nearly every morning. He put it in his tea and he rarely drank tea beforehand. The jar was slowly becoming empty now. The weekend was approaching. “Sam,” He started one morning.
“Yeah, sure if you want to.” Dean pulled on his boots and his coat. He dug in the closet until he found an old pair of winter boots and a coat for Castiel. “This isn’t the best in the world so when you get cold just go back in, okay? We don’t need you getting frostbite.”
“You are special, Dean.” He reached up and laid his hand on his face. “I just wish you would see it.” Castiel leaned in.
Castiel felt his face heat up. Dean wasn’t wrong but it was still a bit embarrassing. He opened his mouth to say something when his siblings cut him off.
“He does that again I will kill him.” Castiel droned. He remembered the first date he brought home. A nice girl named Daphne then Gabriel happened. Castiel thought he was actually going to die from embarrassment that day as his brother showed off every embarrassing picture that was in their family photo album. Of course, Gabriel’s actions didn’t chase her off. What ended that relationship was when she learned that he was bisexual. He looked at Dean he was fairly certain not even Gabriel could scare him off. At least he hoped not.
He stuck his lip out in thought. Castiel admitted he liked it when Dean did that. “So then… what God just waved his hands and said ‘let there be Cas’.”
Castiel frowned. He lost track of time the last time he was here. Minutes were days on Earth. What if… what if when they got out several years had passed? What if Dean was an old man when he got out? What if he had moved on?
Castiel smiled faintly. “You are right, but the past is in the past and it needs to stay there.” He pulled him into a hug. “I have you now.”
“Sorry, I have been busy.” He confessed as he looked at the roses. Roses were romantic but they always felt flashy to him. Like ‘hey look at me!’ he thought they were best suited for Valentine’s day anyway
He closed the dresser drawer. He made his way down the hall, and down the stairs. He headed into the dining room. His nose was invaded by the smell of fresh food. His stomach growled. Along with his slowly crippling depression, he had all but stopped cooking at home. He was actually starting to miss cooking. As he took his seat he thought about asking Jody if he could help cook for the next few meals. At least be able to pay back the hospitality that way.
“Oh you know,” He kissed him on the cheek. “Something that involves some physical activities.” His eyes twinkled as a devious grin formed on his face. “You know, something just as physically exerting but more fun for both involved.”
He raised an eyebrow. “Come up with names? But we have names, why would we make up a name for the game.”
Dean walked back out into the alleyway. The man was still standing there his eyes wide as if he was expecting something less than friendly to happen. Dean held out the food. “Here.” Dean heard the man’s stomach growl as he eagerly took the food.
Dean laughed but he agreed. He shut off the water and the two of them stepped out of the shower. He grabbed a towel and dried himself while Castiel got the other one and dried himself. They got dressed. Dean picked his necklace back up.
“It’s going well. The day is going by much faster than when I am doing the dishes. Plus the tips are really nice.”
He glared at them. “Yeah, smarty, I got a guy out there. He went all over that mountain and they didn’t find shit.” He got up from the desk. “Look we don’t like having the feds up in our business so I suggest you take you’re pretty boy partner and get the hell out of my office.”
Some time had passed since Dean and Castiel’s first date. Each date went better than the last. Dean smiled to himself wistfully as he looked at his phone. The tasting event was coming up soon. He did not expect them to go on so many dates before the day arrived but they had. Castiel always seemed to find time for Dean and Dean found time for him.
“You can get jealous but she’s my first love.” Dean said. He closed the gap between them and kissed him again. “I really did enjoy this, Cas.” He opened the door for Castiel,
“Same, Cas,” He nodded at the car. “I’ll see you later.” He hopped in the car and backed out. “Watch for cars on your run.” He winked as he drove off.
“Morning, Dean.” Castiel grumbled as he stumbled into the kitchen. He had put on pajama bottoms that he must have found in Dean’s room. He yawned
“I missed you too.” He let go of him. He looked at him. Jack looked so tired. His brown eyes were heavy with a burden that no one should have on them. Guilt ate at him. How could he have let this happen to Jack? He should have found another way. Something anything. “Jack, I,” He was cut off when the young man started talking.
“Don’t be sorry. I enjoyed it.” Dean laughed. Of course, he wasn’t expecting a full-on make-out session. He wanted Castiel but he wanted him when he wasn’t emotionally raw and vulnerable. He respected his boundaries he didn’t want him to think he was the type of guy who couldn’t keep it in his pants.
“Castiel,” He flung his arm around Castiel’s shoulders which was no easy feat considering Castiel was way taller than him.
“No… I mean, I am I’m just making this for…” He sighed and pointed towards the back. “There’s a homeless guy back there and well figured I would do my good deed for the month.”
He smiled. “I would love that. It has been a while since I had fresh food.” His eyes crinkled up as he smiled. Dean felt his heart warm. Castiel had a lovely smile. It was a smile to die for and Dean would do anything to get him to smile at him like that again.
She shook her head. “You’re more than some hunter, Dean. You take care of Sam, and Jack, you cook, you like greasy foods and loud music. You’re more than a hunter. You’re uh,” She trailed off. “A caregiver.”
Castiel stared at the flowers. Butterflies danced along the blooms, a bumblebee was busy pollinating. It was a lovely sight. He felt Dean staring at him. He looked over at him. “What?”
He chewed his lip. “I am sorry. I just feel so nervous. I don’t know why. There is no reason to feel this way but I am.”
Castiel let out a frustrated grunt. “Why?” he demanded. He leaned in again trying to get closer to Dean again.
Castiel sighed loudly. “I am trying to get everything wrapped.” He ran his hand through his hair and trashed his already trashed hair. “It’s not going very well.” He crossed his arms and glad at a coat laying there. Judging by the size it was most likely a coat for Rowena or their mother. “I got your stuff wrapped already.” He nodded to some gifts in the corner. “Mary taught me how to wrap but some of these gifts are still…” He ran his hand over his face and sighed.
“And demons too.” Piped up Crowley who waved at Michael. “I hope you won’t try to smite me, since I’m kind of already dead.”
“That’s another thing we need to get taken care of. We need to get you renewed so we can get you some wheels.”
“Don’t you dare tell me I can’t feel love.” He snipped at Dean. “There was a time many years ago when you first met me I couldn’t have been able to process that emotion. It took me some time but I know I can feel it.” He reached out and laid his hand on his knee. He spoke softly. “Dean, I was afraid to tell you.” He stroked Dean’s knee and maintained eye contact. “When I first laid my hand on your soul in Hell I felt something in me change.” He sighed. “Being with you I can see the beauty in humanity. You helped change me, Dean, for the better.” He smiled. “Dean, I love you. I assure you of that with all my heart.”
Dean hummed with the music as it played softly. He focused on his driving as Castiel stared out the window.
He found himself in front of random gift items. Stocking stuffers and stuffed toys, that was when he spotted it a stuffed bee. He pulled it out. It was a bee wearing a Santa hat. He chuckled to himself. Nothing less Christmas than a bee even if it was sporting a Santa hat. The stuffed toy had sewn across his chest
“I did.” He gasped and nodded. “It was… whew no wonder you were trying so hard to get me to lose my virginity.”
There was silence between them. “So… you and Dean are uh,” Lucas brought his hands together. “Like together now?”
“Hmm, and here I thought it was because you brought home a complete stranger after being gone for so long.” He knew that’s what it was. If he in her shoes he would be doing the same thing.
“Need any help?” Castiel’s lips were so close to his ear which caused goosebumps to break out on his skin.
Castiel leaped to his feet charging at the man. His blade snuck deep into his chest. The Collector let out a scream as blood pooled in his mouth. He slowly fell to the floor in a pool of blood. Castiel let out a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding. “That, that should do it.”
He chewed his lips. He didn’t know what to say to him. He felt left out and lonely. He felt like he was the only one being ignored. It was childish and stupid he knew that. He wanted a family and that was something he was looking for in Castiel and the Novak family. He wanted a large family gathered around the table, sharing stories. He couldn’t see that happening with them. They were pushing him out and or putting him on this weird pedestal. He wasn’t a hero. He was just someone looking to keep Castiel warm and safe. That didn’t make him different from anyone else.
Castiel leaped to Dean’s aid and helped him take the sheriff down quickly. He grabbed the sheriff pinning him to the ground.
He smiled. “Well, the cafeteria food wasn’t much better,” Castiel remarked as he chewed on his sausage biscuit. “This is divine.”
He let out a groan and stretched. “Fine.” He finished his coffee. “I’m going to take a shower and go from there. I’ll see you later.” He kissed Dean and headed downstairs.
He sighed “I want everyone to know. That was why I came back to Kansas. I…” he shook his head. “I had no support so… family was all I had left.” He rubbed his arm. “I’m ashamed about what had happened to me.”
The man nodded. He plopped the glass in the sink getting a fresh one off the rack. He got the rum and coke pouring them both in the glass with such grace. “There ya go.” He slid the glass to him.
The artist glanced up at him and Castiel forgot how to breathe as he saw his moss-green eyes. “I’ll be with you as soon as I’m done here. I’m just wrapping up.”
He felt his blood rush. “Umm... how about we take a rain check. I uh,” He blushed as he pointed to the house. “Someone might come out here looking for me and…”
He smiled fondly at him. “Thank you, Dean.” He sighed softly. “Its… taking me a bit to get used to people letting me do what I want.”
“Oooh, a someone does this someone have a name?” She asked as she got up from her desk and walked over to him and leaned on his desk.
“Morning.” Dean greeted them as Castiel pulled out his chair for him. He had to smile to himself. Castiel pulling out chairs for him and opening doors cracked him up sometimes. It made him feel like a princess… and if he was being honest he kind of liked it. He sat down and Castiel kissed him on the cheek and informed him he was getting them coffee.
“Good job, Cas,” Dean said with a lopsided grin. “Can you cut me down? I’m tired of hanging around.”
He stared at an ornament in his hand. “He… he was more worried about appearance than anything else. He wanted it to look good, for Christmas cards. That’s all he cared about honestly, the perfect home, with the perfect looking tree, and the perfect looking husband. Never mind the fact that I looked so miserable in the pictures they had to be perfect.”
“Come on let’s go.” He charged out of the room like his butt was on fire. Dean didn’t question it and followed him. He considered going back and grabbing the bear for Castiel but maybe the other man had a reason to leave the bear.
“Probably after tomorrow. We will have to clear the snow and check on the food. We might have to make truck orders and run to the produce place to replace everything.”
Castiel stood up and was almost knocked down by his sister when she all but jumped into his arms. “Hello, Anna.”
“I want you.” He took Castiel’s hand. “I have wanted you for years now. For years I wanted you. I just… I never thought you felt the same way. I never thought you could feel the same way because you are an angel.”
“So I have been told. Another reason why I have a hard time finding a date. People have paper-thin feelings and they don’t like it when I don’t stroke their egos.”
Sobs wrenched from Sam’s body as Eileen held him. If he couldn’t get to Jack then he couldn’t save Cas. He was powerless. His friend would die, Dean would continue to be an emotional mess. His mind flickered to the future Chuck had shown him of Dean who had given up, who was urinating on the floor, who just didn’t care. He let out a sob. That was his brother’s future without Cas. There was nothing he could do now. All their options were used up now. He buried his face in Eileen’s shoulder as he sobbed.
He sighed. “There was a time that I did.” He took the foil off the top of the turkey so it could brown. “After Lisa, I thought that I would never find anyone. I always thought no one would understand. They would be too interested in creating a new family and not taking care of their old family but… Cas is different.”
Castiel chuckled as they walked out of the front door. “Meg is a piece of work. She always weird and random, she would say whatever came to her mind and never worried about what others thought about her.”
Castiel decided to let it go. Dean was a human and humans were complicated. He watched as Dean dug out their bags focusing on his words. ‘I could have done worse’ What exactly did that mean? He followed Dean to the door of the cabin his head was still spinning.
Jack frowned. Why was his mother upset? “Are you… mad that I am God?” How could she be mad? Why weren’t they proud?
The four of them worked hard to get the store closed up for the night and possibly the next few days. Dean had informed the other employees about the possibility of them not being open tomorrow. He bid Benny and Garth goodbye which left him with Castiel. He looked at him awkwardness seeped in and he wasn’t sure why. “We should uh, go.”
Dean licked his lips. “You know it’s not Cas’s fault. He needed a job I gave him a job. Hell, he had nothing. Or did you forget that part? Rather than judging him for washing dishes maybe you should be happy he isn’t living on the streets and starving!” He raised his voice at her.
The teenager gave a dramatic sigh as she got up from the table and followed Castiel into the kitchen.
“Yup,” He picked up a cheap smartphone. “I don’t need a five hundred dollar phone when I can get a fifty dollar one.”
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat which surprised him since he really didn’t need to breathe. He watched the suds drip off the car. Then suddenly, Dean turned the hose on him. He let out a yelp as the cold water hit his chest and soaked his shirt. “Dean!” He screamed
“Sorry.” Dean said with his mouth full of bacon. He noticed Castiel shoot him a dirty look and he winked at him.
“You should be with your family. I’m just getting in the way. You should call Sam have him come get me and you stay here with them.”
She shrugged. “I’m a sheriff first and foremost, and I’ve never thought of it being any different. Sure, I second guess some shadows every once in a while but to me I’m still doing my job.” She smiled softly. “I really never understood that mindset, that once you were in it, it was supposed to be your life. Jody told me about how Bobby was and I heard it from you and Sam too but, Dean, you can have a life outside of hunting.” She nodded. “I mean, I do or at least try to. Of course, poor Doug got wrapped up in it and it didn’t work out for him, but I still date. I still go out I still continue my life as it was before… I just am more aware of what’s out there.”
The Empty glared at him. “Why doesn’t it work?” She tried again. She screamed in frustration. “It’s the noise I know it is.” She slumped in her chair. “I just want to sleep. But no Billie tricked me. Then she sent that damn kid in here and he made all that noise.”
He took the money and laid it on the table beside him. He picked up a canvas. He dipped his dick in the paint. Castiel’s mouth grew dry as he thought about what else he’d like to see that dick coated in.
Michal leaned against the hood of the car. “They are worried about you.” He looked at him. “The others. They know you are in a great deal of pain.” He crossed his arms. “You are grieving for Castiel.” He stated
Castiel looked around the room. His face slowly lit up and he laid down his backpack. “I haven’t had a space of my own in years.” He confessed. He set his bag on the floor as he looked around.  He laid the bear on the bed by the pillows.
I am sorry for the delay in this chapter. I managed to hurt my wrist last week and was unable to do much typing. I am working long hours next week and I may not have time to work on the next chapter. So there may not be an update next week. I hope you enjoy this chapter.
“I used to have one of these.” Dean said as he picked up an old Transformer. He smiled at it. It had been played with a lot. Well-loved by whoever owned it. “I uh,” He held it up. “My dad passed on a lot of my toys to Sam and after that, a lot of them either got donated or went to the trash. They didn’t hold up well with two boys playing with them.”
“So what do you want to do?” Dean asked as the waitress brought the beer. He thanked her as Castiel twisted off the cap.
He shook his head. “I don’t know how time works in here if there is a concept of time, so I don’t know. It feels like days ago.”
“Good,” She smiled faintly. “I am truly sorry, Castiel, you have to get Sam to believe me. Please, I’m not just begging to get out, you can leave me here if you have to. I just want him to know that I am sorry.” She turned to walk away.
She looked over her mug with a raised eyebrow. She clearly did not believe him. Hell, he didn’t believe himself. “Okay, yeah, sure.” She said as she pulled out a chair. “So… no big plans?"
He stared in awe at the cabin. It was large, decorated with dark wood furniture, large light fixture, and high ceilings. It smelled like an apple pie being baked. The kitchen was large and fully furnished. This was a far cry from what he was imagining.
She nodded. “The sheriff and me canvased that whole mountain.” She shrugged. “We never did find them, or even a trace of them. It’s like they just up and disappeared.”
“Yes, we are a good fit.” He sighed. “And I honestly… despite the circumstances that brought us together, I have never been this happy in my life. I honestly fill… fulfilled.” He rubbed his hands together. “It still scares me. I worry about this happening too fast but… I really do… I really am happy.”
He took the orange chip and ate it. “It’s good.” He stared at the orange residue on his hands. “But I don’t care for the after-effects.”
Castiel smiled. “I… I am willing to try, Dean. If you are willing to be with me despite everything then I will let you in…” he rubbed his knee creating little circles. “Thank you, Dean.”
Sam and Rowena walked into the kitchen carrying grocery bags. “I got everything for dinner tomorrow.” Sam said as he laid down the bags.
Dean laughed although he felt his heart drop for a minute. Did Castiel mean that? Dean knew that he wanted to stay with him forever, but, was he really ready for marriage or was it just something he said due to the endorphins flowing through his veins?
Dean cupped his face and lifted his chin. “Sweetheart, if it makes you happy then it makes me happy. I don’t mind.” He kissed his forehead.
Dean almost choked on his ice cream. “God, Cas, your too much.” He laughed. He nodded to a bricked path. “Come on.”
“Well, thank you for helping my wife.” Lucas said to Dean. He pulled out a chair for Kelly and sat beside her.
“No, it just seems strange that a former angel, a freaking leader of armies wants to play mini-golf.” He chuckled
“I will.” Dean said. He hugged them both then got into the driver’s side and started the car. He backed out of the driveway they waved at them and stayed on the porch until the car was no longer in sight. Dean let out a sigh. It was a long drive back home. He turned on the radio on low. “Did you have a good time?” He asked Castiel breaking up the silence. The stuffed dog was seated in between them like a mascot.
Dean went to speak but the waitress returned with their drinks. He shot her an annoyed look then went back to speaking. He took a sip of his coffee. “Good stuff.” He muttered. “I work as a mechanic. But I also teach at the vocational school.” He smiled. “Training future generations of mechanics.”
He shook his head. “We can’t, Sam!” He shouted  “He’s in the empty. Chuck couldn’t even reach into the empty, what the hell are we going to do, huh?” He shouted. “Look I appreciate what you guys are trying to do, but it ain’t going to work.” He huffed.
Jack laughed. Kelly (apparently) looked up at Sam. “Yeah, work has been keeping me busy. School is still out until next week so I figured I would take Jack out. Been a while since me and him did anything.”
“Yeah, I… have been traveling for a while… stopping here and there. I used to have enough money to stay in motels as I went but I ran out pretty fast. Between the motels, food, and bus fare I didn’t get very far with what I had. Most people aren’t interested in hiring a… homeless person anyways so getting a paycheck has been hard.”
Castiel began to thrust into his hand. Dean formed a tunnel with his hands and gripped him tightly. He groaned in response. He rested his head on Dean’s shoulder. “Dean.” He whined as he pumped into him.
He sighed. “Anna, she uh, told me that you guys can’t love. Or that you don’t… have any desire to… be with someone… pretty much so… I figured you wouldn’t want to. Or worse you would do it just because I wanted it and I didn’t want you to think that you had to.”
The three of them left the kitchen. At some point during their conversation, Naomi and Anna had ended up in the living room.
“All that cosmic energy you need to break in there, and all you want is one angel when you can have an army at your hands.”
Dean held back his tears. Hearing Sam cry made him want to cry. “I’m happy to, Sam. I can’t wait in all honesty to make him officially mine.”
Everyone laughed and cheered. Dean kissed Castiel just because he could. He felt his heart soar. This was the rest of his life now. He was going to spend his life with his love Castiel. The wedding reception continued, Sam and Eileen shared the first dance, then Sam made Dean and Castiel dance during the next song. Dean was embarrassed but he was also happy. Everyone ate and drank a little too much, eventually, Sam and Eileen bid farewell to everyone and set off on their first adventure as a couple. Dean and Castiel returned to Dean’s motel room and they also planned for their trip to the beach. Dean for once was looking forward to the rest of his life.
“Please, Dean, let me finish talking.” He scolded. “I love you and I want to spend my life with you.” He traced an invisible pattern on his arm. “When I told you I wanted to be with you forever I meant it.”
Dean took his hand and placed a tender kiss on it as he held it close to his face. “I haven’t had breakfast yet. I was waiting for you to get back.”
Sam barked out a laugh as he patted Castiel’s shoulder. “Let’s go Cas before Dean starts to wonder where you went.”
He laughed. “Porn. It’s not a bad word man.” He sucked his lower lip between his teeth in concentration.
“I’m sorry. I just.” Dean took Castiel’s hand and guided it to his aching member. “Whatever works for you, works for me.”
Castiel’s next customers walked in and sat down at a table. It was a woman and a small boy. He picked up menus and headed over to them. “Hello.” He said as he laid down the menu for the woman.
Naomi looked at Castiel. “I am sorry that you felt that way, Castiel.” She dabbed at her mouth with her balled-up napkin and set it down on the table. “You are right. I have treated your boyfriend unfairly and I apologize to both of you.”
Dean walked the rest of the way downstairs. He felt weird for listening in on them. He was starting to think that no matter what this woman just wouldn’t like him.
A long-suffering sigh came from Sam. “So, that’s uh, cool.” He looked at the floor and then back at Dean. “Are you, you know going to pursue it?”
“Wait!” Dean said. He grabbed the man’s arm. He was surprised to feel such a firm bicep. Whew, this man was… dang. Dean didn’t know who the hell he was but he oozed with sex appeal despite his homeless status. “Do you want something to eat?” He nodded to the restaurant. “I own this place I can hook you up with a meal.”
Dean slowly opened his eyes. Confusion washed over him as he didn’t recognize his surroundings. Oh yeah. He was at Castiel’s parents’ place. He ran his hand over his face and glanced at the clock. It was five in the morning. He rubbed his eyes. He looked over at Castiel who was curled up on his side with his face buried in the pillow.
Normally Castiel would respond to the demon with sarcasm but there was an edge of panic in his voice. “Yes?”
“Dean, I’m not a guest in your home. You invited me to stay so I should at least do something to help.” He got up from the table leaving his book face down on the table. He headed to the fridge and dug out some eggs.
“I got spare clothes in my office and a sink you can wash up in. Going to need to know your name I just can’t yell ‘hey you’ at you when I need your attention.” He couldn’t believe he was doing this.
Meg headed right for his kitchen announcing she was going to raid his fridge. He rolled his eyes, she was far too familiar with his home.
Sam followed him inside. They headed to the back. Dean turned on the kitchen light as he went. He walked to the storage area and picked up the bucket of salt. It was the industrial stuff. They kept it in large buckets to lay down on the sidewalk during the cold months. The last thing they needed was someone falling and breaking a hip outside of their restaurant.
Dean turned on the TV and put it on Netflix. He logged in and picked NCIS a nice good play in the background show. He cuddled into his pillow and picked up the stuffed dog. “Just you and me now doggie.” He stared at the TV the daily investigations slowly lulled him to sleep.
“A new side table; I asked Crowley to find us one and he got one at an estate sale last night and wants me to come to get it.”
Castiel took the black box and frowned. He looked at Dean almost like he handed him a bomb. He carefully set it on the table and opened it slowly. His mouth fell open when he saw it. “Dean,” he started. He turned to look at Dean. His face was a mixture of shock and joy.
Sam’s chest ached, he knew about losing the ones you loved, he lost Jess, then he lost Eileen, of course, he got her back but the pain of losing her still stung. “I want to… I want to fix it but, Eileen I don’t know where to start.” He ran his fingers through his hair. He had to somehow help Dean. He didn’t know how he just had to do it.
Dean raised an eyebrow. He knew Castiel just wanted to see his parents and have time alone with them and didn’t want this to be a big fuss.
“Nope, I told them if they harmed any one of you Winchesters or the extended family I would make them wish they were dead.” She smiled. “Well, I’ve got to run. I was at a party when you called. Next time, pick up the phone. I do miss our talks.”
“It’s fine. It provides some clarity.” He got up from the table. “Thank you for your insight, Sam, it is most helpful.”
Jack nodded. “Okay.” He closed the container and picked up a plate. “I’m going to put this stuff by the tree.” He left the kitchen with a big smile on his face
She frowned. “Makes sense but,” She leaned against the wall. “I don’t think we should give up though.”
“It… it is. I have…” He sighed. “My mind wanders in directions I don’t expect often and it can be disturbing.”
He glanced over the chips. Those looked good too. Everything looked tasty. Why didn’t he eat before he left home? He made his way over to the sub shop half of the store. He stared at the menu.
The waiter smiled at them as they walked in. He seated them at a booth. Dean was still looking around for a minute before he looked down at the menu. He could feel Castiel all but pressed up against him in the booth. He smiled. It was a pleasant feeling. Sure enough, Castiel was right they did have an impressive selection of burgers.
“Umm,” Dean spotted the bag from the gas station they kept it to put their empty soda bottles in it. “This.” He picked up the bag and held it open.
Dean pushed Castiel behind him making himself a barrier between the angel who just arrived and Castiel. “I ain’t going to let you hurt him!”
The door opened up and Castiel walked in. He looked so different without his coat. He had bags in his hand and Dean recognized it as one of his favorite restaurants. “Hello, Dean. Did you have a good nap?” he asked as he handed them their bags.
“Go ahead.” Castiel said softly. He balled his hands up. It may have been years ago but it still stung.
He did as Dean did (even shaking his butt first much to Dean’s enjoyment) He hit the ball but it got caught on a brick. With a few more strokes he got it in the hole.
Dean shrugged. “Getting up at three in the morning to get a slightly discounted TV really isn’t my type of thing.”
“Cas, I,” Whatever Dean was going to say it was lost because Castiel claimed his prize. He grabbed the side of Dean’s face and latched his lips onto his wet plush ones. Dean let out a startled noise. Castiel decided to stop the kiss. He had made his point there was no point in making Dean uncomfortable. Dean, however, had plans of his own. He grabbed the back of Castiel’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss. Castiel was shocked when he felt the warmth of Dean’s lips again. It was like heaven. Well, not exactly but it was pure bliss. They swapped kisses back and forth chasing one another for more. Castiel pushed Dean up against the bathroom door and raided his mouth. He wanted more, he needed more, he wanted it all and he wanted it now.
Castiel looked at the photo. Dean’s mother held baby Sam in her arms and Dean was clinging to her leg. “Cute.” Castiel noticed the blush on Dean’s face which was also cute.
“Awesome.” Dean said he pulled the car into the driveway. He looked at the address. “This is it… I think.”
“There you are!” Sam shouted as he walked over to Dean. “You’re supposed to make the best man speech, you know?”
“Awesome.” Dean said with a smile and he meant it. Over the last few months when Sam and Rowena started their relationship he grew fond of the Scottish witch. He picked up the other two mugs and they walked to the Dean Cave or in this case the family room.
Castiel rested his hand on him in reassurance. He opened the cellar door. He went down the stairs first. Inside there were multiple cages with people inside of them. In the middle was ranger Sarah tied to a pole.
“I’m not done, I gave her my number to give to him and I still haven’t heard from him. What should I do?”
“Okay.” He pulled out his phone and called a cab driver. The cab came and collected them. They were silent during the ride back to the Impala. Castiel couldn’t believe he actually forgot about the car. Dean would be upset with him if he found out. It didn’t take as long as Castiel thought it would drive back to the park. The cab driver let them out and Castiel slipped him a few bills.
She nodded. “Blood, feathers, whatever you have on hand? Though I’m almost afraid to ask why you have his blood.”
Dean watched him as he slept. He was excited. All the new experiences that awaited them as they crossed from the realm of friends to lovers. It was amazing. He couldn’t believe he was going to experience this with Castiel. He smiled. He couldn’t wait. He nuzzled into the pillow as sleep started to pull him in. He took Castiel’s hand as he drifted away. He just wanted to be sure he would be there when he woke up and then they would start their lives together as a couple.
Dean held out his hand to Gabriel and Gabriel grabbed it and pulled him into a hug. “Whoa, hey.” Dean muttered as the smaller man almost crushed his spine
Dean walked over to Castiel and laid the bear beside him. He draped the blanket across his sleeping form. “Goodnight, Cas.” He leaned down and placed a kiss in his hairline.
Dean felt a new surge of love. He was going to get Castiel like he wanted. He spread his legs wide and Castiel put a pillow under him for comfort. “Do you need me to?” His question was lost on his tongue as Castiel slide a finger into his hole. He moaned loudly. He was glad the family was gone and hoped they didn’t come back anytime soon.
“Wondering why I feel like a goddamn bruise,” Dean goes on, taking another, surer step toward Cas. “Wondering why... it never rains.”
Sam huffs a fake laugh and shakes his head. “I don’t...” he starts, then cuts a considering look at Dean. Dean stares back, blank-faced and expectant, and Sam blows out a sigh, eyes downcast. “Yeah, okay. Look, I was—” he cuts himself off, pulling his lip through his teeth. “... I was thinking about Cas.”
Unlike nearly every other trip Dean’s been on, this one was planned to the nines. The rental car (a freaking
Dean tips his head back in a nod. He really should’ve guessed that. He brings his bottle to his mouth, taking a cautious sniff to make sure he’s not drinking any more of that wimpy shit, and gives Charlie a sidelong glance. “Did you catch the snitch?”
Dean glances down at his half-eaten lunch, licking Buffalo sauce off the side of his thumb. He’s pretty sure the plate - with its lopsided tower of wings, side of celery, and little cup of chunky bleu cheese - is meant to replicate one he’d had at a greasy spoon sixty odd years ago. To the naked eye, the place had looked like a shithole - just another offramp dive in B.F.E., Nebraska. But the wings - damn, the
Dean snorts and glares into the chasm inside his beer bottle. “What, you think Heaven’s got an Area 51?”
These days, that’s how he spends most of his time - meaningless construct that it is: wondering why he’s here. When Billie had sworn to cast him and Sammy into the Empty, Dean had felt a pit of dread open up on his chest - not for himself, but for his brother. Sam deserved a beautiful eternity spent with Eileen - just as Bobby deserved to be with Karen, Ellen deserved Bill, and Kevin deserved his Resolute desk.
Dean had always thought Sanae was wrong. It wasn’t the spirit of Corinth - just a lost little kid, soul destroyed by endless tragedy.
The little bee circles around Dean, slightly too close for comfort, and he waves a hand to shoo it away. He watches its flight, lazy and seemingly directionless, until it comes upon the back of the old barn. There’s a shining wind chime hung from a flickering sconce lamp, its long Corinthian bells silent in the still air. The bee hovers over it for a moment, then dances off toward a figure at the other side.
Sam’s face is blurry in Dean’s peripheral vision, but he can imagine his expression - doubtful and mildly amused - when he asks, “You even remember any of it?”
Sam’s eyes flick open, and he chokes out a laugh - brittle and waterlogged, but unrestrained. “Yeah,” he grumbles. “Yeah, you are.”
Dean shakes his head, then corrects it to a nod. “Yeah,” he grunts and nods toward his plate. “Ate too many wings.”
Dean curls his fingers into a fist, pressing his knuckles into the table until zinging pain shoots up his arm. Dean’s not a complete idiot; he gets Heaven’s schtick. It gives people what they want - what they couldn’t have during their lives. Charlie wanted a 64K TV. Mary wanted a house with a white picket fence. Apparently
There’s a short, pointed silence, and then a familiar noise from somewhere inside - a soft, airy flutter.
“Well,” he says, turning to Sam with the softest smile he can muster, “ya got time, little brother.”
Cas’ eyes climb up, roving over Dean’s face like he’s committing it to memory - like he’s seeing it for the very first time. And perhaps he is.
“Ditto, kiddo,” she says with a crooked smile. “Though I should throw ya out, drinkin’ that piss water at my bar.” Her eyes cut down to his nearly empty bottle, and she raises a sharp eyebrow.
Dean, on the other hand, is a creature composed entirely of regret. “Yeah,” Dean grunts, and drags his eyes away from Cas’ face. They settle on his bare feet, toenails overlong, and he gives a jerky nod. “Yeah, okay.”
“There were puddles at Bobby’s place,” he murmurs, then waves a limp-fingered hand toward the river. “Wet grass at the picnic.” Another step forward, ever closer, and there’s something dawning in Cas’ eyes now, glazing them over as they track Dean’s every move. “There’s mud on my boots,” Dean whispers, “even now.”
Her lips go wide in a smug smile as she slips her hands under the bar. They reappear a second later, three scuffed little shot glasses clinking in each, and she slides them onto the counter.
John makes a little sound in the back of his throat and leans away, rustling in the bag at his side. He comes back upright, shoulder bumping against Dean’s, and holds out a bottle of El Sol.
Dean’s eyes trace over her face, searching for something, though he’s not sure what. She’s still the girl who made a deal with a yellow-eyed demon. Still the woman who left, and left, and left again. She’s no more perfect now than she ever was, but...
She was young - maybe eight or nine - with dark hair and shining eyes. Her right arm was burnt black, her left leg misshapen as if crushed, her face battered and bruised.
This fic is written in its entirety; chapters should be posted every 1-2 days, depending on how quickly I can edit them. Also cross-posted to my
Dean knows this. He knows all of this, but... But that doesn’t stop him from... It’s not the same as...
the Harvelles deserve. He nods to himself as the sun comes in through the window again, illuminating the smooth planes of Ellen’s face. The glare hurts Dean’s eyes, but he’s glad it’s shining on someone.
. It’s a familiar expression, one Dean’s seen painted on his own face a million times over - but it ruptures something in his chest to see it on Cas.
Dean smirks wider and settles back against the bench, stretching his legs out before him. “So, you and Eileen are John Muir-ing it through Mirkwood.” Sam snorts at that, as Dean knew he would. “Then what.”
Cas’ lips pull back, smile going wide and gummy. “No,” he demurs. “No, you were...” he squints, considering, “... twenty, maybe thirty thousand miles away.”
Instantly, the tabletop is transformed. From the tight woodgrain rise sweeping swathes of squiggly lines, odd little symbols and soft, muted colors. Dean’s eyebrows shoot up, and he leans closer.
Dean winces hard, eyes squeezing shut for half a second. “Yeah?” he asks. His eyes flick back open, and he stares down at his plate. The wings have gone cold, the celery warm and floppy.
He tries for honesty - the sort of frankness that always terrified him when he was alive - but his voice comes out defenseless and confused, all the bluster of a moment ago dispersed like smoke. “I dunno,” he grunts. “I got Sammy, got—” he hides a stutter behind a grumbling harrumph, “—got Mom and Dad.” He nods his head towards Ellen. “Got you guys, and this...” a vague wave toward the sunlit window, “...place.” He pauses, weighing the validity of the words against the hollowness in his chest, and shakes his head. “Got everything I ever wanted.”
He feels his mouth form Cas’ name, but it fizzles out on the flat of his tongue. He wants to argue; of course, things have changed - Cas got his wings back, he’s immortal, an archangel, for Christ’s sake.
Sam nods. “Yeah. I mean,” he gestures vaguely with the little menu, “Eileen says he does a lot of work for the Arch, but...” He trails off for a short moment then shrugs. “We’ve been here for a while. I sorta figured he would’ve... dropped in by now?”
He arrives at the head of the table, nearly abreast of Dean, and smoothes a finger over the pale wood surface in an intricate pattern.
He means the words - entirely, wholeheartedly - but there’s a blue note in his tone that he can’t quite suppress. He broadens his smile, lets his crow’s feet show, and slips his last glass on top of the stack.
Cas turns toward Dean, his eyebrows arching toward the center of his forehead. His eyes have gone shiny and pink-rimmed.
Dean chews his lip and keeps his head lowered; the words bubbling up in his throat are schmaltzy enough without Cas seeing him go all dewy-eyed.
He cuts himself off, biting down hard on his tongue, but the damage is already done. Even so, he waits for Sam to ask, unsure if he can say the words unprompted - if he can even say them at all.
Dean’s brows rise at that. Offering comfort in a time of need isn’t really his parents’ bag - at least, not that Dean can remember.
, and he still hasn’t lived down the juggalo thing. “Alright, first off,” he says, gesturing wildly with the nuclear weapon in his hand, “it was rebar. Not a nail.
Dean presses his tongue against the inside of his cheek, running the tip along the indents from his teeth. “And what might that be,” he says, dull and a little bitter.
Cas’ eyes fall closed at that, shoulders sagging low. His spine forms a desolate curve, and he finally meets Dean’s eye.
“Nah, I ain’t talkin ‘bout numbers,” Ellen counters. “Even if she’d been your age...” She breathes out a sigh, and Dean looks up at her. The little rag is balled up in her loose fist, her lip caught between her teeth.
He watches the glasses fill in succession. Ellen pours like a master - quick and efficient, not a drop lost. “Better now,” he says, eyes fixed on the glinting lip of the final glass.
A short beat passes, punctuated by the rasp of turning pages and Dean’s own pulse throbbing near his temples. After a moment, the silence grows thick, heavy in the air.
Ellen tips her head, sharp-eyed and considering. Dean holds his counterfeit smile for a moment, the weight of her gaze pulling his lips down; then he drops his eyes to his hands, fingers laced and wringing on the bar.
He’d only been here once before, some fifty odd years ago, but it’s etched into his memory so clearly, it might’ve been yesterday.
Dean’s eyes flick open, and he stares out at the water. He clears his throat and hunches forward. “Yeah?”
Dean feels his face shift into a frown, and he arches an eyebrow at her. “You think there’s somethin’ I want more’n all this?” he counters, a stiff forefinger waving in an all-encompassing gesture.
of them - the same day he—” Sam angles the book towards himself and turns back a page, neck craning around, “—imbued Cas’ Grace.”
This time, Dean isn’t sure he knows what any of those words mean. He squints at her, shaking his head.
The view through the open French doors is something else. A vast endless ocean, translucent blue and rippling, flanked by curving palm trees and golden-white sand. The clouds hang low, nearly crashing into the water.
Dean’s breath hitches, and he blows out a sigh, shoulders sagging. He’s not sure why it’s so hard to say - why it hurts so much, like poking at a broken collarbone. It’s true, after all - not a word of a lie. Might be the truest thing he’s ever said to Cas, now that Dean’s thinking about it.
- but can’t quite attach them to their meanings. He squints his eyes tight, as if by looking hard enough he might divine a translation.
As it stands, it’s only ever dark when Dean closes his eyes, and if Heaven is a prison... well. At least, there’s beer.
Kevin gives a humming nod, inching his finger across the crinkly page. “An Arch member, it looks like.”
Cas hunches forward, spine forming a wearied curve. “Nothing has changed for me,” he intones, and his voice is restrained and waterlogged, fathoms deep.
“Well,” he starts and swallows again. His throat’s gone bone dry. “Still searching, I guess,” he says, and he supposes it might be true, but- “Not sure what for, though.”
, she’d called it) was Corinthian in origin, circa 100-something B.C. It had survived Corinth’s decimation by the Romans, then an earthquake in the nineteenth century, another quake in the ‘20s, and a devastating fire in ‘33.
Her skin looks like clouds, her eyes like the sky. She laces her fingers with Dean’s, and the tension across his back fades away.
Charlie gives him a self-congratulatory smile and passes the glass to Dean. He tips his head in thanks and takes a gulp, face scrunching up at the taste.
Her glass refills itself, bottom to top, an inch of fluffy white head settling over translucent gold. Dean’s brows rise, and his lips tick up. “See now,
Of the two of them, Dean had always known that Sam was the one who could survive on his own. He’d done it before, after all; he’d packed up, given Dean and John a bitter ‘good riddance,’ and fucked off to Stanford for
Sam pauses briefly, and Dean follows his eyes as they climb to the faraway mountains, silhouetted in the afternoon sun.
Cas glances back up at him, and his eyebrows arch toward the center of his forehead as he says, “You were all I could see.”
Dean isn’t sure where the realization had come from, but it had hit him like a damned freight train. And on its heels had come the urgent, almost desperate need to hear Cas deny it.
She comes around the table, sliding into the chair at Dean’s side, and when she finally looks up at him, her eyes are bright and red-rimmed. She takes Dean’s hand in hers, her skin smooth and cool, and slips the little framed drawing into his palm.
“It wasn’t your burden to bear,” Cas says finally. He takes a diagonal step around the tree, careful to keep his back to Dean.
Cas turns another page. “If it’s supernatural in origin, yes. But the magic of Heaven is purely divine.”
He feels Sam’s stare on him for a few long seconds. He wonders what Sam sees, what Dean’s given away now, but hell would freeze over before he asks.
Dean squints, perplexed. While he himself looks almost exactly as he did when he bit the bullet, nearly everyone else in Heaven looks younger than he remembers them; Charlie looks about the same as when he first met her, and his mom looks almost as she did in his childhood memories. Kevin, on the other hand, looks quite a bit
“I was confused,” Cas says, cutting through Dean’s wayward thoughts. “I didn’t understand why my brethren couldn’t see you.” He breathes out a soft sigh, eyes distant and a little awestruck. “You shone like a star.”
Dean smiles to himself, eyes roving over his apparent masterpiece before alighting on a strange scribble in the corner.
The road through the pass had been tortuous, winding across the mountain in steep slopes and sharp turns. Dean had ridden the clutch hard, one hand on the wheel, the other patting the dash - soothing Baby as she climbed the jagged hills. The descent had been slow and smooth; foot gentling the brake, he’d soared down the mountainside, and the vista rose before him like a sunrise.
Sam sighs and angles his shoulders towards Dean, eyes far away. “Yeah, uh, we... we went over the pass.”
He stares at it for another few moments. It’s eerily familiar, though he can’t place why. There’s something manifest, nearly recognizable about the handwriting.
Dean’s lungs contract, expelling all his breath, and he takes a step backwards, nearly overbalancing in his haste to get out, get gone, get
The chimes play again, muted and strangely echo-less in the space, though Dean can’t see anything that could be producing the sound. More weird Heaven magic, he figures.
Dean peels one eye open and casts it over the sprawling master suite. They’d arrived two days ago, but the luggage sits by the armoire still packed, the itinerary unopened on the low coffee table.
Dean sucks his teeth and grimaces. He’s not sure what it is, but Heaven missed the mark on this one. He’s sure it’s the same recipe as the roadside joint, but there’s something not quite right. It certainly doesn’t help that his pint glass keeps automagically refilling with Stella Artois instead of El Sol. He grumbles with every sip and pretends like the mild flavor isn’t growing on him. No way in hell is he letting Charlie turn him onto her trendy lesbian beer.
Her voice is warm and too-soft, edged with a wistfulness that greets Dean like an old friend. “Beats me, kiddo.”
Dean stares for a second, jaw working soundlessly. Then he bites down on the inside of his cheek, giving Kevin a tight, crooked smile. “Oh, just,” he gives a twitchy shrug. “Thought I’d stop by.”
Dean turns to him, meeting his eye for a brief moment. John gives him a tiny half smile, then looks back out over the inlet.
Bobby squints harder. “Hey your damn self,” he snarks. “You look like pickled shit, boy.” Dean huffs a brittle laugh at that. Bobby stares at him for another moment, considering, before stepping to the side. “Gonna stand there twiddlin’ yer thumbs all day?”
Cas gives a bemused hum and tilts his head toward Dean, though his eyes still chase the little seagull.
She laughs at that, as he knew she would, and it sounds like Corinthian bells, chiming in harmony on the breeze.
Dean blows out a sigh, making a note in his head to inform Charlie that he’ll be cheesing Scorpion for the rest of eternity, thanks. Presuming Kevin doesn’t send him off to Heaven jail.
Sam smiles at that but briefly, before his lips purse, face growing somber. Dean knows Sam too well - how he thinks, how he operates, how he’s smart as a damn whip. Dean knows
He cuts himself off, and his eyes flick side to side. Dean can tell he’s searching for a better word - something softer than the barbed, stinging one he’d just barely swallowed down.
“Yeah,” John whispers back. “We sat by the big window, the four of us.” The bay window, Dean recalls, overlooking the street. The whole block was dark from the power outage; the thunder shook the treetops. “Watched the storm all night long.”
Dean feels a broad, bitter smile crack his face like a fault line. “Busy,” he repeats, choking out a laugh.
Dean feels his smile slip, and he peers down at the little talisman. It’s a rusted iron triquetra with shining gemstones inlaid, the whole thing no bigger than his palm.
Cas’ eyes flutter shut, and a muscle twitches in his jaw. “My work with- with the Arch is...” he trails off on a deep sigh, before glancing toward Dean’s face with arched eyebrows and hooded eyes, “...strenuous. Time-consuming.”
.” He wets his lips, pulling the bottom one through his teeth. “Just sittin’ in my shit wondering—” his breath pours out of him, of a sudden, the words threatening to climb back down his dry throat. But he sucks in a sharp breath and soldiers on, “... wondering why I
Sam had been rather circumspect in those few months between Cas’ death and Dean’s own; no offhand utterances of his name, no needling questions about
For a moment, he’s transported to a roadside dive. He sees himself: twenty-seven, undead, orphaned and sick with it. So damn angry he can barely see straight. He sees Ellen, a matriarch with a .38 special and eyes made out of flint.
...” She peers up at his face, and whatever she sees has her brow furrowing deep. She shakes her head once and grabs the bottle, tipping the mouth toward the water-spotted glass as she says, “I think you taught yourself not to want it.”
Dean’s fingernails scratch against his pants, hangnails catching on the denim. “How would I find out?”
There are soft sounds from the kitchen - cabinets opening, a gurgling coffee maker, a substratum of tuneless humming. Dean hunches over his plate and shovels another forkful of pie into his mouth. It’s sweet and rich, tart and crumbly, and he barely tastes it at all.
Cas is silent for a beat, and Dean peers up at him. His face has gone soft, mouth curving around a tiny smile. “I saw you the moment I arrived,” he murmurs.
Cas jerks his chin toward the barn doors. “Your car is parked outside,” he murmurs. “I imagine you drove.”
Dean watches her, the way her eyes flick back and forth, like she’s watching the scene unfold before her. There’s an ache near the center of his chest like a bruise. “I don’t remember that,” he says, voiced pitched low.
There’s no brick wall, no chipping grout, no lopsided masonry. Instead, there are horizontal slats of dry-rotted wood, defaced with sigils in dripping black spray paint.
On a whim, Dean double taps his location, zooming in tight. He sticks his other hand out the window, waving skyward. On the screen, he sees himself, flailing his arm like an idiot, crystal clear and moving precisely in time.
He reaches out a hand, brushing his fingers over the knob of Cas’ wide wrist. The contact buzzes against his skin, electric and charged. “There was rain the day I met you,” he murmurs. “Wind. Thunder.” He presses his thumb against the fragile bones on the inside of Cas’ wrist. “
Sam huffs a mild laugh and follows Dean’s eyes out to the lake. He’s quiet for half a minute, and Dean waits.
There’s a muted flutter and a sudden, yawning emptiness in the room. Dean’s hands clench and release, clench and release.
Ellen is silent for a long, gravid moment. The weight of her gaze pushes down on Dean’s shoulders, compressing his spine.
He peeks around the nearest shelf and finds a central area with several long oak tables. He glances left, then right, then down at his feet.
Heaven’s sun shines bright over head, casting sepia rays from every direction. Dean winces at the vivid blue sky and looks towards what he imagines is West - though he can’t be sure, since the sun here never quite sets.
A muscle twitches in Dean’s jaw. In some forty odd years, he can’t recall Sam ever having said those precise words.
Dean takes another step forward - slow and cautious, for both of their sakes. He gets the feeling he’s on unsolid ground, precarious and shifting under his feet. Any sudden move, a single wrong step, and he’d sink them both.
The door he came through is gone, and the wall along with it. Instead, there’s a raised platform with short stone steps before it, and what appears to be an exact replica of the Resolute desk at center stage.
The student begrudgingly helping him sort through the artifacts - a tall Asian girl with a nametag that read Sanae (though she’d introduced herself as “heck this, I’m a freaking
She grabs a damp dish towel from the sink and dries her hands, giving a loose shrug. “You were too old for her.”
Dean glances at him sidelong, but Sam is looking down toward the picnic. It’s a vague sort of question - deliberately so, Dean thinks, based on the cautious tone.
Dean blinks several times, brow sagging in a frown. He’s not sure what he was expecting, but that certainly wasn’t it.
Cas stands at one of the work tables at the other end of the barn, bagged eyes fixed on the open book before him. He tilts his head towards Dean, but doesn’t look up at him.
An old abandoned barn appears in Dean’s head - the twin of the one just beyond the mountains. A man with limpid blue eyes set in a wide, stark face stands in the wake of high winds and dancing sparks.
Ellen gives a humming laugh and sets about lining up the little glasses. She grabs the bottle by the neck, and the stopper gives a satisfying pop as she pulls it.
Cas’ eyes fall shut, and a few errant tears skitter toward the corners of his mouth. They clump his eyelashes together, leaving shiny tracks on the sharp angles of his face. Dean wants to smear them across his cheeks with his fingertips.
