is given without ever being uttered. “I have to fix this,” he mutters, maybe only to himself, before nodding at Sam and stepping past him, toward the spread-eagle of Dean's body. The man is light in his arms, a barely-there burden with steady breaths and a time-clock heart, a countdown that weighs heavily on Castiel's mind. He catches Sam's gaze before his wings spread and wrap around Dean; there's fear there, and silent regret, but laced through tired eyes is the smallest hint of happiness, like something's finally gone right.
“You're not gonna be a vessel,” he says, each word slow, clear..
he's saying. His human speaks without vocal chords, presses emotion where thought falls short. He's curling fear and love and disappointment around every memory they have together. He's terrified of the
But he pauses, just before leaving the room. “Some things,” he doesn't turn back, doesn't look at either of them, “are worth fighting for.” And then he's gone, the door closing softly behind, and he and Cas are left alone with Sam, who remains blissfully unaware.
He feels something give way, pull loose like hair from a head and knows, before he holds his hand up to the moonlight, what’s happened, but he looks just the same. His hand is covered, dry, crumbling flakes of scales falling off even as he tries to examine them.
“Is this real, Cas? Am I even still alive?”
he hears.
Caramel eyes, easy smile.
Last will and testament. Eyes wide, things start to come together.
He stands on legs that aren't exactly cooperating, trips over his own feet before he can look up, can see the man in front of him.
Somehow, it's alright with him. Everything is, here. Even more so when the angel grips him tighter while allowing himself to expand, and it's like it was on the field that day. They're one being, one mix of human and angel that's oddly perfect in its flaws. Dean can sense the holes in his own soul, though, the gaps that seem especially wide in comparison to the surrounding grace.
The creature is layering it with something, temptation sleek and melodious, thick as opium smoke and sweet as perfume.
Dean can't bring himself to say anything. The acknowledgment that he needs help is too much. He never had to ask when Sam was around. Kid had
Now, though. Now he is surrounded by the echoes of the supernatural, hunger and desire rooted in the darkest of places, high-pitched wails calling out for
“I think you were blind and numb with grief,” Castiel says, looking into Dean’s eyes, trying to show the truth of his words, surprised himself at the depth of the emotion bleeding through them, “And the creature who made you what you are took advantage. You couldn’t have known what was going to happen.”
Finally he sits, slumps on the floor. There is sand beneath him and the wood is slightly uneven, boards warped over time from salt air and humidity. One of the boards is loose. He toes at it, pushing like a tongue wriggling for something stuck between teeth.
He can't say it. He shakes his head and presses his lips tight, the image of human Castiel asleep in his backseat, mouth open, vulnerable. He wonders what it would be like to touch that man's cheek, to look into those eyes and see the reflection of himself.
“Your will,” the god smiles, a quiet little pull of the mouth, a rarity when he was an angel and unsettling as snow in August, “means nothing to me.”
“Don't know what might still be there,” Gabriel's in the middle of a sentence, one that's laced with some nameless quality that's too serious, too upright for the angel's usual sarcastic tones.
“Would you expect anything else?” The room is heavy in its silence.
He rolls, clambers onto hands and knees that will later regret sliding so quickly along the rough surface of the sand underneath him. But not now. Not when all he’s focused on is getting to Dean, and he does, hands on the thing’s shoulders, nails digging in, pushing so the monster’s staring suddenly up at him, eyes wide, cheeks wet.
“Dean, Gotta do it,” Sam calls from the bed, but he's hallucinating, can't see the angels or his brother in front of him. And then he screams, loud and hard, the noise ripping at Dean, acting like hands squeezing at his throat, pressure collapsing everything in him.
His brother. Sam.
his skin, like the moon at night. His eyes burn neon, patterns of gold and brown and white interlacing in the iris, creating a pattern that is uniquely his. He looks powerful, beautiful in a terrifying sort of way that makes him want to look away, as much as he's a fan of his own looks. The straining contraction of muscles starts again, concentrated this time, weaving up and down his spine. He realizes what's happening a moment before it does, before bones he doesn't have extend, pushing out from skin that doesn't break or bleed. Cas allows his eyes to remain on the space just to the left and right of his back as they emerge fully, wings of silver, the color of metal in the sun.
Dean thinks,
“I have killed my brothers, Dean. My hands have been warmed with their blood, my skin stung with the remnants of their grace.” His hands are on Dean's shoulders now and he's
Finn’s lips quirk up to one side, though the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. “Sorry, babe,” he says, eyes filling to mirror Castiel’s own, warm wet burning and distorting the world in front of him, “But I have to.”
“Nothin' to apologize for, Sammy.” He lets his hands touch on Sam's broad back before releasing his brother, who comes away quickly, wiping at his cheeks.
Ten feet and he'll be right there, standing where two bodies were laid out, puppets to torment the man who'd wanted only to come home, to rest a tired head and heart and...
But he knows he's on the right track when he comes across a local zoning link, one with land deeds and building grants. He clicks on it, comes across two names that stand out about the very plot his uncle's hous—his house—sits upon. The first, and most recent, is his uncle's, along with the date of purchase: 1972. And the next is Dean Winchester, 1900. The thing in the lake is over 100 years old. Castiel's throat closes at the thought, but as much as his body can shiver and shake and let fear overtake it, his curiosity has been piqued. There is a mystery in front of him, right at his fingertips and it's calling, begging to be solved. He searches again, this time with the date and comes up with a link that looks promising, a back-dated archive piece from the small town paper.
"That," Sam says from the corner, eyes so wide they're mostly whites, "Was really dumb."
There, on the jut of Castiel’s hip. Scales.
an angel, can't try to claim a part of something that only has loyalty to its absent father (and, yeah, Dean understands that one firsthand). And though angels are genderless creatures, really, it's pretty relevant that Cas currently inhabits the form of a man—one with smooth skin and long limbs, thick dark hair and fluid eyes—but a man, nonetheless. Dean isn't gay, has always craved the skin under his to be smooth and delicate, to have soft hair and gentle curves. He's admired other men, taken second glances, maybe, but appreciation isn't necessarily attraction. So the fact that he can't look at the angel now without wondering what he tastes like, whether he turns right or left when going in for a kiss and how his face would contort during the throes of an orgasm is slightly unnerving, at best.
Castiel doesn't wait to be asked a second time. He takes off his tie first, the sloppy knot undone easily enough, then works on the buttons of his shirt. Pants and shoes next, and then he's down to boxers and a flushed face, wondering if they should be removed too. Dean is naked as the day he was born. Castiel appreciates the power of the human's body, the strength of his shoulders and legs, the long lines of his torso and hips. A smattering of freckles dot his back and chest, and Castiel swallows hard because awe doesn't quite cover it.
Together, guided by Cas, who runs interference between them and the rest of his asshole brothers, they go after the horsemen, who, one-by-one, make an appearance. The day before famine shows up, he's sharing a kiss with Cas after the angel had returned with blood on his hands, the blood of brothers he felled with his own hands. Dean washes them, water going red, pink, then clear, and lays a kiss on the palm of each before making Cas lie down with him.
He rests his forehead against the other man’s, lowers his voice to a conspiratorial whisper.
It looks into the mirror, noting the sheen of Its eyes, the even pallor of skin that makes blue veins in his face stand out like kites in the sky. A glance down at Its wrists reveal an intricate pattern of scales emerging, some already breaking the skin, replacing the pale scheme of humanity with something more permanent, more durable. Stiff legs carried it back into the house, muscles not quite working as they should, but that sends a flame of pleasure through the lower part of his stomach, excitement and arousal hot underneath cool skin. The changes excite it, beckon it toward forever, and now it’s ready to come willingly.
So, for the most part, he keeps his mouth shut around Castiel. Not out of respect or blind admiration (the kind Sam still harbors silently), but for fear of being sent back, like the angel promised, if he didn't do exactly like Heaven asked. Heaven. He scoffs at its name, the connotations of gentle light and harmonious singing. It's all bullshit to him now because he knows the truth, or as much of it as he can glean from the angels he's met. And the truth is a bureaucracy, levels of angels doling out orders to the caste under them, scrambling around in the dark without His presence, the absent Daddy they're lost without. He takes satisfaction in the idea that God is MIA--it proves his theory that there's nothing out there watching innocent people's backs, that they're really all alone. He thinks, though, that an apathetic God might possibly be far worse than none at all.
He floats through dreams feeling heavy, sedated. The sky is a gash of purple black, inlaid with stars brighter than flood lights, beacons that look just a bit too big, a bit too close. He's in a crowd, weaving through anonymous masses. But when he looks closer at the faces obstructing his path, he realizes he knows all of them, even if the only thing they've shared is a cursory glance. He keeps moving, under their collective attention, shades of blue and green and brown and hazel eyes watching, silent as he goes. And then he finds a pair he knows so well, a brown that's warmer than he remembers.
like it hurts, and the wince that Sam can't hide from him emphasizes it, how his brother's body is turning against itself, turning inside out with the need for blood. “Gotta kill me. No vessel.”
“It's ok,” he whispers, focused only on his angel, on the surge of confidence, adrenaline for the rush of a coming fight. “We're gonna win.”
He's sucked their lives down like whiskey, taking the kick with a lifted chin, forgetting about the burn as he was filled, completed, elevated. He let it take him, let it weave its easy web and was folded under its spell, cast aside into a sleepy sort of peace he hadn't felt in millennia. It's an infinity of nothing, but he's too tired to care, stretched too thin to do anything but relax into the lull, the upswing of a hammock as it cradles weight he doesn't really have. He is the stuff of planets and cold space funneled into a clipped-wing vessel, but here it doesn't matter so much. Here is nowhere.
examined from the soul out.
and a man and so human in not only his desire, but the willful ignorance of it as well.
he's calling, the name passing through him like electricity from a sparking wire. It's old and familiar and it stills before it can pass over lips he can't feel. He's held hostage, just like the souls he'd trapped. Absorbed.
“Just like you.” And maybe Dean’s going to say more, going to wring himself out until everything he touches is flooded with guilt, but Castiel chooses that moment to slot his lips over the other man’s, to open his lips and carefully open them with the points of his teeth. Maybe Dean opens his mouth in shock, but he responds as he does, tracing Castiel’s lip before inviting him in to taste.
He lifts his head and sees. Sees the sudden and definite change in his teeth, their length not-quite fangs, but well on their way. They’re thinner at the end, deadly sharp, and they don’t belong in his mouth. Don’t belong in a human’s mouth.
“Rebuilt him?” Dean echoes.
, to give in.
and he’s reaching out, hand on Castiel’s cheek now, thumb rubbing the skin, a gesture so comforting, so warm familiar
The green is brighter, more jarring against the sheen of tears. The monster’s lashes stick together, but their length is still little-boy sweet, and for a moment, a split second, Castiel is taken aback by the sense of hopelessness— and…is that
“Hey,” he whispers, a breath away from that pink flush of skin, and when he says it again they touch, accidentally or on purpose, but it's all he can think of now, to touch, and so he presses down harder, wrapping himself around Dean, pleading with his body for the other man, the creature, the
Dean's hand is wrist-deep in the soft plumes of feathers, the down close to the underside joint. Tears leak down his red-streaked face as he pets the limb, one Castiel hasn't felt since he was brought back, made himself again. They'd burst from his back when he'd seen Dean.
now, refractions of grief-salted water waiting just a moment before their escape, a tumble down stubbled terrain. “What are you?”
they shared, he'd fallen into the habit, thought it automatically—moves closer, the sound of his steps masked entirely. It makes the hairs on Dean's arms jump up, this unconscious display of power.
“Are you one to talk about running away, Gabriel?” Oh, he wants to
Bobby is walking. It's such a natural sight that Dean wonders if his memory has been tampered with, if he imagined the metal and wheels and rage of a man contained.
Dean's body is
Gabriel even teases him, tells him that if he wants to be sleeping beauty he's going to have to go at it awhile longer or maybe call a plastic surgeon, but Dean can tell it's done gently, a dig at something he knows isn't true. That Gabriel's treating him with kid gloves makes everything that much worse, makes him more pathetic. He just snorts and tries to unstick the peanut butter that's adhered itself to the top of his mouth like glue.
“Elizabeth,” the mother warns, hand on her hip, though there's no real anger in her pose. Her daughter opens her mouth to answer, though a sharp knock at the door silences her before the words even bloom in her throat.
Sam rattles the chains, clinking them against the metal bed frame. He winks at Dean, lowering a lid over one of the horrible eyes before breaking into a wide smile.
“Hello, Castiel.” The man sits down, legs stretching out easily and Castiel frowns. The stranger is closed tighter than a safe; the brushes of coiled magic he stretches out are rebuffed, pushed backward like a mother slapping a hand away from a child reaching for a cookie.
“So, I'm sorry, but I won't be professing any love. Kind of the wrong type of porno, Cas, if you know what I mean.” Breathe, smile, smirk. Pretend that the sentiment he's spewing is true, that he can flick away the shroud settling around his heart, the one that clutches tight as his lips wrap themselves around the word 'love.' But it doesn't matter. Because even if he falters, wavers around the truth just a little bit, he's already got his reaction. The god tilts his head, puppy-dog style, and before Dean can blink or breathe in to prepare his next insult, the scenery changes. The room the god has moved them into is large, furnished with overstuffed couches and chairs. Comfort is wrapped around every object, the used paperback books studding the bookshelf, the tawny gold of the old wood coffee table. But a prison, Dean knows, is a prison, even if it's made to look like someone who has a grandfather's study.
“Aww, and Deany here sacrificed himself to save his little bro?” He puts a hand over his heart, tilts his head in mock delight. “How sweet.”
And then their chance appears. Lucifer is distracted, thinks he's won and is playing with his captive, gloating. Cas moves quickly, grasping for the sword used to kill his brothers, the one that will send Lucifer back down. His aim is true, but at the last second Lucifer shifts and the glow becomes a glancing one, no longer on the correct path to his heart. Lucifer's shock gives way to lip-curled anger, a shockwave of power that pins Dean to the wall. Cas' fear makes itself known then, a helpless stomach-churning jolt that spins Dean into panic. Lucifer starts to chant, black-swirled Latin that charges the room with ancient magic.
“Didn't think so.”
Humans don't feel like this.
to be a little closer to human. Because like this, with the other man so obviously not of this world, Dean is constantly reminded of a rescuer, constantly reminded of what he was rescued from.
Around that time, the world ends. Not the
“What—” The human’s eyes are so
“Why?” It’s chin is coated with Dean’s blood, slick on lips that are licked slowly, sensually. “Because I give up, Dean. Because I don’t care. Not anymore.” And with that, It stands stiffly, turns on Its heel and walks away from the lake, into the shadows that cling to It like a second skin.
Dean can't remember, after, what triggered the question. Maybe it was the way Castiel looked at Sam, the flit of dismissive eyes that crushed his little brother, though he didn't show it. It had Dean gritting his teeth, gnashing them together to stop words and his insides out, both laced with malignant heat. He's not sure if it's an after-effect of hell, some stupid latent reaction from coming back to from the dead more alone than he's ever been. No one knows how he feels. And how can they? They didn't do what he did, didn't see what he saw. The ones that have want him dead or laugh icily, having heard of the legendary hunter that was two steps away from becoming just like them.
“Dean, Dean, Dean,” Lucifer sits casually on a fold-out chair, long legs held straight, splayed. “Gotta say, I'm surprised. I was expecting your brother. Though,” he launches himself up, circles around Dean, who shakes with fury on the inside, wanting nothing more than to hit the angel, to keep doing it until his hands are dripping red and there's nothing recognizable underneath him. But Cas holds him up, holds him still.
"Why are we here?" He asks. "Where is here?" Here looks like a flat field next to a lonely two-lane highway, a little stretch of nowhere, a place en route to a destination without ever being one itself.
The man shakes his head, lip curling up at the thought, the voice of the dead that curls through his mind in the toast-dry tones of his lawyer as he read the last wishes of a relative who'd only bothered with Castiel after his death. His grip on the steering wheel tightens before he lets go entirely, slinging the duffel bag from the passenger seat over his arm as he gets out of the car, legs stiff. The air is heavy with salt, wet with humidity. It settles over him, reaching past his collar to stroke its fingers over his throat, down his shoulders to moisten the skin there so his shirt sticks, plastered to his lower back and chest.
“You rebuilt him,” Cas cuts Gabriel off before he can start, stares wide-eyed at his brother. Dean can't read anything negative from the words, but he's never seen Cas so surprised, so in awe of one of his own kind.
his soul and is being cradled by Castiel's grace.
It's echoey, a trill of the familiar that Castiel digs for, memory that edges away as he gets close. Pulling his computer back into his lap, he types the word, holds his breath and presses the enter button. The results are lists and lists of mythology resources, ghouls and goblins and bump-in-the-night monsters:
“You did.” The hands move up to his shoulders and Castiel feels weightless, staring into an endless expanse where the sky kisses water. It spurs him on, the euphoria of gazing into infinity, so he reaches back, crossing his arm over his heart and rests his hand on Dean's. He doesn't expect the creature to cry out, a low simmer of agony, bowstrings pulled tight, just before ripping away from the frets. The chest against his back, cool as a distant star, goes limp and all that keeps Dean from falling under the surface is the hand Castiel still holds, though now its weight is awkward, dead. He turns to support Dean, whose eyes are open but blank, mouth slack.
Castiel begs,
, he thinks,
R girvw, nb vmgriv oruvgrnv. Yfg R xlfowm'g.
“We've got to stop it, Cas,” Dean spreads his hands, an appeal, a prayer. “And it's the only was to do it, to turn the tables enough so that Sam doesn't get sent to
“I'll order in.” He can't be sure, but relief might have washed over Cas' features for a split second. A few minutes spent on the phone results in a large pizza, an order of garlic bread and a bottle of Coke. Thank you very much, sir. He doesn't know what to do with the awkward silence that falls over the room, the unsaid words that build up in his mouth, trying to be said, only for him to swallow them down. It's so hard for him to translate what he feels, how he feels, into words, into things that make sense to anyone else. And he's always been this way, more prone to walking away or hitting someone or letting angry tears slide hot down his hidden face than to actually explaining himself. Sam hated that about him, the moody silences he fell into, thought it was a form of punishment. But Dean's learned the hard way that what he puts out can be used against him, turned into a weapon locked on to his biggest weaknesses.
“We're home, Castiel.”
He is reborn in the shower. Each droplet is life absorbed back into his soul, an awakening he doesn't quite understand so he just tilts his head up and allows his face to be massaged under the the shower head's nimble pressure. The water tiptoes pathways down his body, some slow and lazy, others in an electric race to reach his feet but both feel like the mouth of a lover exploring uncharted territory—and taking it slow. But a chill sneaks into the spray soon enough and unwilling fingers turn the tap off. He walks into the hall, steam rising of hesitant, translucent curls. The closet across from the bathroom yields slightly rough towels; his uncle was not, apparently, a man who appreciated fabric softener. But it does the job, though it pulls across his skin just lighter than sandpaper. His legs itch as he dries them and his nails leave long trails of scratch marks behind, the red a shock against the pallor of his skin.
“But what he said, I mean, it was true. He didn't have any effect on me, didn't make me do anything.”
No one is special because they are all the same, cut of cloth that is uniform and grey as a rainy morning. Maybe that's why they were abandoned, why his Father chose the humans over the angels, the too-perfect children left to go insane after His departure, madness and the hunger for power descending to fill the hole He left. Castiel had orders. He followed them and they cost him everything—his home, his family. But he gained something, too. Something new, something he hadn't felt since the settling of his grace, the fingerprint like gunpowder his Father left on him.
“Hey!” He winces at the volume of his own voice, the fever pitch his headache takes, so much so that he has to bend forward for a moment, trying to keep the bile in his stomach. When he looks up, he calls out again, voice lower.
When they finally do, Dean looking up at him in confusion for a split second before opening his mouth wider, a need-air reflex, Castiel backs up and their lips part, sticking just a moment, painting Dean's mouth with blood he doesn't remember losing. He's staring at Castiel, tongue tracing gently the lines and indents of his bottom lip, gathering Castiel's essence to be guided back down his throat, to taste, to absorb. He's staring and Castiel just looks back into a wall of confusion, uncertainty pulling the sharp angles of Dean's face even tighter, making him look even more the beautiful, dangerous predator he seems to be.
Sam is quiet next to him.
But his body has other ideas, closing in on the Righteous man, on
“Don’t,” he whispers, maybe to himself. “Don’t.”
Dean is swimming in the lake, the sun glossy on his back. Castiel watches him silently from the porch, admiring the smooth agility he possesses, the easy way the water cups and supports him. He stretches out on his back, bobbing slowly like breaths, in and out, with the tide of the lake.
and the angel has to get it right this time.
” He has to make Cas see, make him understand that this is the
They laugh together until it's the breathless, quiet kind that looks like a seizure. And though the moment is light, feels good, the mood sobers.
“Oh.” She takes a step back, dark eyes widening almost imperceptibly before her facade smooths back over. “Sorry for your loss.” And then she’s turning on her heel, ponytail curving up with the momentum, narrow back retreating toward the kitchen. His hands attract his attention then, the rough-bitten down cuticles that keep his thoughts away from the burn of his cheeks. She was young. Mid-twenties, maybe.
“Yes,” he answers simply, tilting his head back as he's stroked and caressed, pulled apart in the softest of ways. Light touches skate across his cheeks and jaw, fingers tracing tears backward, coming away pink. He watches Dean lick his fingers, tasting the angel's grief, hot and human.
Instead of screaming, he curls his shedding tail underneath himself and looks up into the endlessness of the night sky. The stars are cold, pinpricks of light that radiate beauty and warmth, but are really just as empty as he is.
"Sam is my blood," he says. "And you, you're nothing. You have no blood, no kin. You call the angels your brothers and sisters, but what does that even mean to you?" He's aware of the pulsing electricity in Castiel's eyes, which have turned a rather dark color, that of an incoming storm over a forever horizon. But hey, he's already dug the ditch, so why not lay in it? "Do you
“Yeah, that's right. I don't know about these suckers, but I will never bow to you.
“No vessel,” Sam agrees. “Kill me. Can't say yes.” Dean shifts up, pulls what he can of his brother's torso onto his lap, holding him close. He can't make this promise, can't go against everything he's done in his life. He protects Sam, watches out for him. If he goes, Dean goes with him.
it had said,
him, who would care if he died.
He'll decide who's worthy and who's not and rejection's sting will never, never touch down on the skin of his cheek again.
“The screams?” He turns to Gabriel, jaw working a little, chewing at things that aren't there.
“Can you help him?”
Dean is alone in the room for longer than he knows. There is nothing to tell time. There is no marker of any passage at all, save for the circular motion of his thoughts, the
It doesn't come above the water for any real reason. Sometimes the night air is easier to breathe, less thick than the blue-black water lapping at its shoulders. It smirks at the house only a few hundred feet away, a structure it doesn't like to look at very often because a curl of wrongness always starts in his stomach, hot and tight and it doesn't go away until it dives back down to the coolest part of the lake and stretches out there, letting the gills by its hips and neck work peacefully.
deity to remain with him, to stay as he's systematically ripped apart, fraying at the seams until there's nothing left. But maybe, maybe Castiel's glad for the comfort. Gratefulness swells, fighting with the rock-heavy grief in his heart. Humanity calls for him, the fast breaths, wet eyes and clutching hands of goodbyes. Nothing he has will be left behind, and his name will be remembered with scorn.
he urges himself, internal voice betraying him as well, the echo of it weak. Thin.
out of the way and takes Dean into his own arms.
Oh, how his words affect Dean. His poker face is good, but Castiel breathes in the wrenching feeling of a rug being slipped out from beneath feet, a bottom dropping out with no safety net. Dean’s confusion is thick, his mind torn by the weight of new, familiar humanity, the grief he never dealt with and the promise, the idea of something good that slips away, mist on the breeze, before he can ever breathe it in. He doesn’t expect Castiel to spring forward, isn’t ready for the primal, savage rip of teeth into his shoulder, jolting his consciousness down to two white-hot points. It’s why Castiel manages a few deep draughts before Dean scrambles back, braces his arms in the sand and pulls away with all his might, ripping open the muscle of his shoulder as he lands in the shallows of the lake.
Dean laves at the tip, lightly at first, with reverence like hands clasped, before he drives the muscle up and a new liquid fills their joined mouths, a nectar that kicks harder than whiskey but burns so cold, thrills his veins and tastes like vengeance and raw, wild energy.
the pain that flashes across Dean’s face, wants the hollow ache of whatever’s happening inside him. His tongue slicks his lips and he raises a balled fist, the sharp crack of it against Dean’s jaw satisfying enough that he hisses through his teeth, a warm wave of pleasure echoing the blow. Dean moans softly beneath him; from pleasure or pain, Castiel doesn’t know, but he does enjoy the shudder of the other man, the trembling of unsteady breath and deep grief.
Dean's memory keeps Cas with him, a name on the edge of his tongue, his mind, at all times. The angel is never far from Dean's thoughts, making his absence all the more painful, a twisting rod that pokes through his stomach, corroding, a permanent wound that isn't going anywhere.
But Sam's breathing rapidly, eyes alive, willful. His feet are planted, hips out, a stance that declares a challenge to Dean's words. “I started this.” He's flushed, every fiber of his being impassioned, unwilling to bend, to be denied. The fight is back in Sam, renewed, replacing the apathy, the denial he'd come to know so well. “I'm going to help finish it.”
The glass-surface lake is a calming shush-shush that flows with the beat of his too-calm heart, a muscle eased by the miracle bonds of chemicals he'd swallowed down at a rest stop an hour or so ago; lithium, Vicodin. They make it easier. And yet the placidity of the water sends a hot-slick bolt of anger through him, sliding like a snake along the puzzle-piece notches of his spine. His fingers reach for the ground and he comes back with a handful of rocks, jagged, smooth, sand a buffer between the contrasting surfaces. The peace of the water is broken and his lips curve up, a mirthless little smirk that twists already angular features, a sharp jaw and nose, generous lips thinning, bloodless as they're pressed together. Empty-handed, he turns toward the house.
The man, Dean, spins around in search of the voice. And he finds it.
that the wings are to be seen only by the person with whom you share moments of ecstasy. They're closer, more personal even than sex. If Cas wasn't controlling his lungs, Dean would have lost his breath, like a girl in a corset in those black and white movies he used to catch Sam watching at two in the morning. The wings extend, stretching back, straight. Dean's swimming, trying to stay afloat in the sudden onslaught of energy that washes over him. It circles his heart before heading lower, and though he can't quite feel it, he's pretty sure of what's happening.
He looks back at Dean, who's reaching up with a blood-covered hand, the lines of his palm cracking with the dried flakes, to touch something. Castiel thinks his cheek, maybe, his lips or some close contact that will assure to the human that he's truly here, that this isn't a dying fantasy. But then the hand slips past his shoulder and Castiel's gasping, grace thrumming like a well-tuned motor. He cranes his own neck and
“I still have faith, Dean.”
“Hard, Cas?” He rubs a hand over his face, scrubbing at dry, aching eyes. They blur a little, a build up of exhaustion that has seeped under his skin, pressing in from all sides. “Imagine watching your brother torture himself until he's bleeding and spitting and shaking so hard, the house moves.” He's going to continue, going to chasten further, but a chance look at the angel's face, dark and drawn, silences him.
The wounds on Castiel's neck are gone by the time his bare feet cross the threshold of the cottage. If they were ever there to begin with. He paces, water lazing from between his toes to the floor, leaving a trail asking to be slipped on. His hair is standing up of its own accord, some spilling over his forehead and he messes it up worse when he runs his hands through the thick mop, trying to will answers, explanations into his wound-tight mind.
this way, hasn't since he was falling fast, a comet hurtling toward mortality.
He can’t keep hold of the thought for very long, though, because soft as moth wings, then more insistent, louder, images start to flicker through his mind. Fast, hard, then uncontrolled. He lets himself go, sinks into the river and lets it sweep him away, into a current that dances fingers over his heated brow, promises peace in its irresistible current.
. I'll know that they'll put him up on a funeral pyre and burn him alive, then bring him back and do it again. I'll know and feel and
“Dean,” his voice is deeper,
Dean knows he's in trouble by the way his stomach drops when Castiel disappears.
“I—” the voice is sandpaper-scratched now, and the creature winces. “I’m so sorry.”
“Don't care,” Dean replies, insistent, eager, all mouth and hips and hands. “Let me
The article is like a loose thread in a sweater; Castiel pulls, and it gives a little, but there's so much more to know. He tries something else.
“He's there,” Sam grunts, leaving no room for argument.
Faith. Hope. Humanity. Love.
Slowly, Castiel becomes aware that there’s a slight weight on his shoulder, a tentative presence that neither squeezes with comfort, nor clasps in friendship. It just is.
It looks on, stock still as the creature, Michael, opens eyes that now blaze with light hotter than any flame; a white glow pours out from them, and then flows from his mouth, but Dean doesn’t notice, or can’t escape from the pleasure that keeps him enraptured, strung tight like guitar strings played expertly by the thing that’s got its claws in tight, now. The light overtakes the human, burns bright from inside until it obscures his features entirely, until he’s a supernova better fitting the night sky than this small town.
“Dean.” the god says, pressing close enough for his non-breath, lacking any scent at all, to brush across his lips, “This is a game you will lose.” Nothing there, a shark behind starlight-cast eyes, irises with a depth the being behind them no longer has. Dean clenches his hands, sticky with flaking blood, leather jacket adjusting quietly with each movement.
“Dean.”
The house is neat. Everything is in its predictable right place, cups and plates and bowls in the cupboards above the stove, lines in a closet near the small bathroom. It's evidence of nothing, a home that
“I,” She comes back to refill his coffee, wipes thin-fingered hands on her apron and twists a lock of dark hair behind her ear. His expression is guarded, a plainy impatient
“So you rush head first into a suicide mission?” The angel balls his hand, shakes his head and turns away a little, like he can't look at Dean, like he's been stabbed in the back and is just now feeling a spreading, trickling warmth start to leak out.
He awakes with his teeth still in the not-quite-human’s throat. Disgust closes his throat, turning the blood bitter and sharp. The world spins around him and he lets go, falling back on the water, arms scrabbling to find purchase, to find the balance that held him so beautifully all these years. But the muscle of his tail feels sluggish, unsure, and his eyes can’t focus for the water that skews his vision (
“What’s the matter, Dean?” He snarls, lips curling up over his teeth, showing them like a dog with hackles raised.
The lake is still. Castiel peers through the window, hands blocking the blood that still trickles river-slow from his nose. They color the tips a red bright as lipstick, as candy apples he'd eaten as a child in Autumn. There's a trail of it, dots and dashes of his life left like breadcrumbs on the floorboards. Doesn't matter. Everything is hazed in death now; the gravel of the driveway in front of him shifts with a second sight, bodies laid out and a soul twisted with grief.
It's not on loan, it's not something unfamiliar, something he has to get used to. He is inherently solid, experiencing life
“You gonna cut me?” Dean asks, an aborted laugh huffing from his nose. “Never had that before.”
He stops only once on the way back to the house, at a small grocery store where he buys enough to get him through the next week or so. Time spent in cigarettes and a cloud of thought-obscuring weed residue, whiskey a constant hum at the back of his throat. He won't overdue it again, though, stomach twisting and writhing like a snake inside, a fever pitch of guilt and disgust boiling in his blood, making him want to scrub and tear at his skin until it's clean, until it doesn't feel like he's splitting at the seams. The older man behind the register looks at him a beat too long when he hands over the cash and tells him to take care. Castiel gives a tight smile, the only kind his mouth remembers, and leaves.
“Who tops? I bet you do. Do you bend Cas over and make him—”
“I never had a good enough reason to.”
“I let him go to heaven.”
is different, something he doesn't understand because he's never
“Heaven,” Castiel supplies, stiff lips trapping the words so they're muffled and weak. “Sam trusts me, Dean. And you did too, once.”
“Cas,” Finn’s close now, so
“Dean,” Cas begins as the other angel sits heavily in an overstuffed armchair in the corner next to Sam's bed (never taking his eyes off the younger hunter, Dean notes). “Gabriel has done to Sam what I did to you when I took you from hell.” He continues before he can be interrupted, before the incredulity that blooms across Dean's face can be solidified into questions and interruptions and misunderstanding.
When Dean begins to speak, his words come out fast, like he’s trying to edge Castiel out of the conversation, to keep him from replying until his piece has been said.
It's not a special day when Castiel falls to Earth. He's staring into air, watching the particles float and spin with every breath released from his chest when, a heartbeat later, he's...not. He hurtles through sky and space and time and light and slams into an unforgiving ground. He gags in dirt and dust, spreads cut-up healing hands through his hair to sweep as much of it as he can out and stands up, looking for the reason he'd been pulled so quickly, so without warning.
“What are you doing in—”
“Please,” Castiel says, hand up and reaching, begging to be allowed. To be let in. To take liberties that would have come without a second thought before he declared himself God. For a horrible moment, stomach tight and the hairs on his arms electric, he thinks he'll be denied. That Sam will have finished with him, will have found nothing worth saving. He imagines the human turning on his heel, collecting his brother and leaving, forgetting Castiel's face without a second thought. But at the last second, a breath between them when he's ready to drop his palm back to his side, Sam relents, guides his hand to the angel's and allows their fingers to mesh like the knots of a fishing net. Castiel says nothing, though relief floods his vessel's blood as he guides the human's hand to his chest, placing it over a fast-beating heart.
“I—” He wants to
But all of that gets pushed away when the first scorch of blood rolls down Its throat. It doesn’t get a chance to swallow twice before consciousness starts to blacken around the edges, smoke seeping into Its eyes until all that’s left is a sigh of breath that pushes from Its lungs.
God is not his father anymore, not anything Castiel can look up to or call his own. Not when the souls feed from his anger like this, eat it up with blood-coated teeth and call for more, more ire and fury and flying fists that want to strike out at the creator who left him to become the monster he is.
R pmld blf droo urtfiv gsrh lfg, Xzhgrvo.
God smiles, a sad little half-lifted lip. His eyes are knowing, that deep blue endlessness, when he tells Castiel no.
“James is gone,” Cas says, carding fingers through Dean's hair, displacing droplets of water that glisten in the low light.
Dean's helped up, led back a bit, realizes Cas isn't alone. Gabriel stands by his side, looking somehow more imposing than the last time Dean saw him. And though Dean doesn't like the angel, is almost sure he hates him, this isn't the time for petty grudges. He doesn't care about the wide-open desperation in his voice, bleeding like a scraped knee. The hurt pours out of him, twisting his face into ugly grimaces.
The image of him has been burned behind Castiel's retinas, carved so the imprint is left behind and all he can see is the sharp jaw and the bright shock of green eyes, darker than jade, slanted in the sun. Dean was tan and inviting, an aesthetic wonder on top, melting into something different, something other where his hips should have led into legs. Glossy scales, healthy vibrant, muscles beneath flicking powerfully. His breath draws in quick with the memory of it ghosting across his legs, the tail and fin light, a feather touch made to set off fireworks in his nerves. Swirling water and his pulse in his ears, the tight coil of his stomach and the quake of release are all just a lash's flutter away. A blink and he's back in the lake, being held, supported by something that didn't exist an hour ago. And now he's naked in his house, shivering though his temples are damp, moisture sure to drip down to his jaw soon enough; he's too distracted to wipe it away, too busy trying to call sanity back into his mind, his body, his life.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean mocks. “If Gabriel asks me for permission to court you, Sammy, I'm digging out Dad's shotgun.”
of where they are. Boundaries have been left behind, windows opened and blinds drawn back to bare the souls of two creatures more alike than they know.
"You're welcome, asshole," he grunts back, though he's inclined to agree.
Castiel opens his eyes to find a room, a comfortable torture chamber. Blood on the walls, on the floor pooling around Dean's body. His human is broken and sightless though his eyes are open. Lips gasp for breath that doesn't come, skin cracked with dried blood. And all of it was done by his own hand. He sinks to the floor, knees hitting heavy, hands drifting out to touch the cold, coagulating blood. He streaks skin red, war-paint lines across his cheeks as he covers his face, hiding from the brutality he inflicted without thought, without regret. He'd been greedy for the Righteous man's soul, the need for just a little more. His shame, his sorrow is hot, pooling in his stomach like acid.
“You explain it, wonderboy,” Gabriel snarks, though he just looks tired and the words aren't said with enough ire to annoy Dean. “He'll probably take it easier coming from you. And I don't want to play twenty-questions right now.”
“You let me help you.”
“No,” It’s a sluggish response, one spoken into Dean’s mouth, but with a tilt of his head Castiel frees himself, eyes rolling to the sky’s endless haze, a shade so similar to his own.
, vibrates with age and knowledge. Tired. The other words settling on his tongue have no chance to taste air, though, because Dean closes the space between them, forces their mouths together while he buries his hands in the down of Castiel's wings, stroking them up and down, each touch a stuttered bolt of lightning that tightens his chest and clouds his mind.
The first thing Dean feels when he's back in the motel is hunger. He's curled onto a bed that countless have slept on before in some anonymous town, but now the floor doesn't feel like it's falling out from under him. He's still weak, still covered in bruises, cuts and the crusted remnants of his own blood, but the muscles of his back don't feel as taxed, as weighed down like normal when he's busy imitating Atlas.
“Come on.” There's no trace of amusement in him anymore. “Gabriel's calling us."
Something shifts in him then, opens itself up like a flower blooming to soak up the sun. He
The burning starts first, the cringe of veins trying to turn themselves inside out, being stripped of life and blood until his vision starts to white out. Or at least that's what Dean thinks is happening until he blinks and realizes he's just used his own body, has some autonomy in it.
“You were stronger than this,” Cas cups his hand, draws it through where Dean's waist would be if he had one, sending shocks of buzzing warmth through whatever he is, “When I pulled you out of hell. You were more substantial than this coming fresh from torturing someone.”
“I feel...” Sam's wondrous, confused. “I feel good,” he finishes.
And just like that, he fades away, until the only thing Castiel is left with is the sound of his own quick breath and a pressure in his eyes that tells him the tears on his cheeks won’t be the only ones to fall.
, sacrificing yourself for them. It always has been. Think about it. At any point, did you question the logic of leaving Sam behind, even though he could have used his powers to help? Did you think twice about entering the building relatively weaponless against a
But Cas pulls back, far enough so that Dean can see the shine of saliva coating kiss-bruised lips, the hair that falls over cerulean eyes that, even in this light, are clear and striking. “Yes,” he says simply, their noses almost touching, the wind of the word on Dean's cheek. “I'm aware.”
The kiss doesn’t consume him as their previous encounters had; this isn’t a pull that drags his soul up by the edges, a fight that leaves his insides in tatters and consciousness on shaky ground. This is warmth, the golden set of the sun as it breathes a goodbye to one part of the swiftly turning planet, leaving a glow on the skin of the mere mortals below. They’re vaulted into a shared space with an electricity that leaves both gasping at each other’s breath, hands clutching at arms but even physical touch is somehow far away, muted beneath the
“You've got to be kidding me.” Sam's expression is flat, his lips thin, pale against the flushed skin of his face. He doesn't look at Castiel, can't bring his eyes up to the angel's face. Castiel wonders what the human fears; wonders if he thinks of imminent attacks and being torn apart from the inside, the wall against hell brought down heavy, repressed memories skating over his fingertips, carving their calling cards into his sides.
“And you did teach me how to shoulder the snap of that shotgun,” He's saying, and Dean can hear the smile in his voice. “You've saved me so many times, Dean.” The smile is fleeting, dampened as he goes on. “You've always looked over my shoulder, waiting to get whatever was trying to sneak up on me.”
Dean is too dizzy to acknowledge the words. He is spinning inside himself, unprotected by the blackness behind his eyes. The pace picks up, sending him on a roller coaster of ups and downs that turn his stomach, leaving bile hot in his throat.
Castiel doesn't have to ask who his Father speaks of. There is only one to him, one being, one soul, one gaze that roots his grace and ties him in knots. He's not sure when he slipped, when he left angelic stoicism behind, but now that he's entrenched, there's no going back.
“Some humans have strange theories,” Cas says. “Imagine, the Earth only six thousand years old.” The angel raises his head, though, stares into the blue-black canopy above. “You've always been drawn to the stars, though. Even the first humans.”
His jaw tightens, but he says nothing, just slips his hand out of Sam's, in case the haze of withdrawal makes his brother try to hurt him.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs, quiet, his lips near the shell of Dean's ear.
The code is a neat bit of scrawl, efficient handwriting with no flourishes.
“Hey,” Dean offers with a small smile. He knows what he looks like, saw the pale ghost of who he used to be in the bathroom mirror. He can't believe it's only been a week, thinks it must be a mistake. An eternity must have passed by since he's seen Cas. He can't have become this, a wraith, in such a short period of time. Then again, angels usually aren't ripped kicking and screaming from their vessels. The fight is probably why Dean feels like every step is made in six feet of water, why gravity seems to be picking on him so that even holding his head up is almost too much to ask. It's then that he notices a very key thing about Bobby, a fact that pinched at him as soon as he saw the man, though he couldn't figure out what it was.
when I didn't come out?” Cas is in his space now, tilting his head (to the left, Dean has learned, is the angel's preferred angle) so his lips brush against Dean's, who presses into it automatically, closing his eyes to block sight out and just
” he continues, eyes tracking Dean like a cat hunting a mouse, “Be a dear and tell me where Sammy is?”
Slipping out of his body is easy enough. He's done it before. A twist, a jolt and he's free from humanity's confines, a spirit standing just a few feet away from the god.
Dean in under a spotlight, those eyes looking deep. “Sam,” he continues, finally looking away, jerking his head toward the younger Winchester's lanky body, “Did this to himself. You aren't him. You aren't responsible for him.” The lines in his forehead relax and Dean takes a breath, watches, rapt, as what seemed tensed, coiled to spring in Gabriel comes undone. “You're the big brother. You've got his back, you watch it. You buy him his first beer, make a speech at his wedding as his best man.” Gabriel is almost
“I saw what happened,” he whispers to the water, Dean behind him, fingers curled around his biceps, now with enough pressure to leave 10 neat bruises. “I saw your wife and daughter.”
When he winces, God lets go of his shoulder and comes to sit in front of him, staring deep into his eyes.
“I don’t understand,” Dean mutters, and maybe in spite of himself, he takes a step forward, one bare foot in front of the other, gripping the wood underneath him tight as the real world falls away.
he reminds himself.
"You asked me a question," the angel says, hands limp by his sides. Dean notices this, the lack of human gestures and tics, the aura of awkwardness that surrounds Castiel's human form. He wishes the angel would stick his hands in his pockets, blink more, chew on his lips or something, wishes he would just
“Then he held Sam's soul, Dean,” Cas continues, “For as long as it took.”
He whispers to the god, taking one step, then two, closer.
They go through the same pattern, question answer question answer until Dean's seething because something's been taken from him and Castiel can only let him go. Days go by, though they amount to seconds on Earth, and Castiel's Heaven begins to expand. The lake has a dock with a canoe tied to it; the house has acquired a wraparound porch and the hills rise into a road, though he has no desire to go anywhere.
. His chest is flushed, cheeks catching fire as his blood is pumped double-time, spiked with ire. The warning in his uncle's letter makes sense now. Fists balled, he thrashes out, feet slamming into the floor, body shaking with rage that has to go somewhere. He can't keep it, can't keep any of it locked inside his body and heart anymore. He screams as he twitches and writhes, an outpouring that's turning into hiccuping sobs before he knows it, hands pounding against the wood beneath him until a sharp crack gives him pause, momentarily. The floorboard beneath his bruising palm (red, soon to be a blue and yellow and lovely violet bloom), has cracked, the middle giving out under his punishing blows. He hits it again, then again until there are wood splinters in his hand and a hole in the floor.
“I was meant for you, Dean.”
It doesn’t remember much. Nothing before the lake, the cool depths that do nothing to calm the embers buried inside him, lighting his stomach and his throat with
The angel could sob for the realization of God's words when he reaches for the familiar crackle of grace and finds a response, a warm-bath comfort that's there and present within him. But
“Back so soon, are we?” He mocks Castiel, a cutting tone that would have him blushing, though he's beyond it now. He
words while its body howled for the man to come closer, to let it taste and bite and feed. It had been shaken, that's all. Unsure of why it lost consciousness, why it woke up in the man's arms, lips pressed to his. The human should have wanted to run, should have left it there to drown, though it wouldn't have.
“You saw the death of my humanity, Dean. I’ve only just realized it.”
Castiel's face is blank. He looks just as he did the moment Dean first laid eyes on him; an angel pulling the strings in a human body, able to move vocal chords and look though borrowed eyes but unsure, really, how to manipulate them fully. How to make it look real, convincing. But back then, Castiel had studied humanity, every second a watch-and-adjust tic, though he always stood too stiff and stared too long But now, as Dean's takes in the angel's face, piece by piece (nose, lashes, lips, eyes jaw), he sees nothing. The spark, the life beneath the vessel has smoothed out, a placid lake to be stared into without any consciousness of its own. Singularity has slipped away from Castiel, a fact he seems oblivious to as he raises Jimmy's piano-player hands and lowers them slowly, imitating the bow he asks them for, the loyalty and groveling and skin-shredding rapture this new god craves.
Dean finds him accidentally, or his body. Cas isn't there. But he looks like he is, looks like he's sleeping, resting and any moment he'll open those eyes, will sit up and smile, the rare kind that makes Dean's stomach clench. The vessel's chest rises and falls easily, steadily. His pulse is strong, skin warm. Dean's on his knees before he sees the ground coming at him, pressed into the bed next to the vessel, hands balling into fists. The door opens behind him but he's deaf to its interruption, the hands that clap down on his shoulders, the mixed voices of Sam and Gabriel telling him that he wasn't supposed to see this, shouldn't have to see it. But it doesn't gut him the way it should. This isn't Cas (isn't there), just a shell. It reminds him of himself.
Rolling dunes, a finger-painted sky that glows as the sun sets. The soft lapping of a lake fed into an ocean a stone's-throw away, a cottage near its shore. It’s picture-book perfect, but the glazed eyes that flicker past it all remain unimpressed. Castiel sits in his car, the motor still grunting, having only just been shut off, and stares at the small house before him.
And then Dean's angle changes as his knees slide fluidly to the ground. His arms stretch out in front of his head. He's in the deepest of bows, forehead flat against the floor. He can't move, can't stray from this position. The god's control is absolute.
Dean's staring at him, lips parted with surprise; the water shifts and he's treading water, too close to Castiel for comfort. The heat of his grace works its way past the copied vessel, reaches to be seen.
sight and touch and smell and taste. And Castiel knows none of that, doesn't really know the heat of another under his fingers, the slow whiskey intoxication of losing oneself to the physical. He is eternity and nothingness all at once; no wants, no needs, created for the intentions of others.
It fills him and moves past him, reaching out for every part of the god, who is strangely still around him. He imagines lips meeting and moving, a physical outlet to the urge he's pushed away for too long.
“We were given free will,” Cas lifts his chin, looks into those stars again. “So I was given the choice to want you after I saved you. He let me choose.”
he tells Dean, who imagines a smile on the angel's—or, his host's—face as he whispers it, the words skittering through Dean, almost tickling. It's so much to take, all light and energy and
And that’s when he sees it. Or, him, really. Because there’s someone in the water, and he’s looking at Castiel.
“Mm,” he sighs. “Welcome home, Sam.”
He's not quite coherent, can't quite think in sentences. Wonder and joy and little-kid laughter flit through him and he's glad Cas can feel it, can't help but think
“'Mm tired,” he slurs into the broad shoulder his face has been pressed into. And then he's gone again.
When two days pass (Sam marked the time lapse in his latest out-loud panic), Dean looks at the world again. It's darker than he remembered, though it could be because of the rich cherry gloss on the wood of Bobby's house, the shades of plaid that absorb light. Sam catches him first, all but falls on top of him, words of worry and relief bubbling to the surface, pouring out because
“Yes.” The wings itch to spread, Castiel's discomfort and the ability to flee too close, too tempting. But he grits his teeth, ignores the urge. “You're protected here. Nothing can harm you until we figure out the extent of the curse, or whatever it is that's taken your memory.
you, Cas.” He rakes his fingers up Cas' jacket-clad back and opens himself, wills Cas to come in, to allow their connection to take hold. The angel's grace is strong, so much more than before, twirls around Dean's soul and he knows, at that moment,
“But—” Dean interrupts him, crosses the room to take Cas' hands.
“Stay out of my thoughts,” Dean grumbles, with all the wrath of a kitten.
“Please get out.”
Castiel, the god who feels nothing.
ZWZIL. Urmw z dzb gl vmw rg, nb mvksvd.
he screams, a silent cry of need for the angel, jagged and bleeding with everything he feels for the angel, the strange being that wormed his way into Dean's heart so deeply that he the idea, the very thought of separation sends his stomach to his feet.
He's cut off by the silver slide of Dean's knife into his side. Dean watches himself as if just over his own shoulder, swallows bile when the rack gets lowered, when he hitches up and licks up Sam's cheek, leaning to whisper into his younger brother's ear.
in both of them, insistent, tangible desperation at the thought of separation (
“It hurts to be reborn, Castiel. But I brought you back so you could reclaim everything that's been lost.” Furrowed brow, bitten lip. God isn't terrifying. Not like Castiel expected. Heaven has always been a strict place; stay in line or fall. Fall and be persecuted. Rules and standards and no questions, no thinking.
Something white builds behind his eyes, an aurora of resplendence unmatched by any sunrise he's ever seen. It rises, flooding him until he thinks he might be burning, but with light, with
Distraction. Distraction is what he needs and the shelf behind his uncle's television is full of them. Comedy, romance, action. He chooses a movie at random and puts it in the dvd player, technology at odds with the rest of the place, a relic belonging more to the fifties than the twenty-first century. He sags back into the velvet of the couch, bringing the bottle of Jack up for another swallow, one that doesn't taste like anything anymore. It slides him away, fanning him out like dust blowing in the wind so he isn't thinking about anything, not the ominous note, not the light fading from eyes, closing slowly, even as he begged them not to.
Every motion, every small twitch of fingers and nails has Castiel burning brighter, heart pounding in his chest like it's begging to be let out. He lifts Dean, presses against him and gives better access as he coaxes the grace from his body and lets it flow into Dean's, twists it into the wound in his stomach and urges the torn flesh closed, the blood to flow back into veins where it belongs. His human is whole again soon enough, though Castiel allows his grace to stay, lines up his palm with the scar he'd left on the shoulder he clutched when he'd dragged Dean out of hell, and just rests until the hand in his wing stops.
But he’ll do what he can. What he has to. Because he can’t die with this blood on his hands, can’t try to wipe away the blame that’s settled heavily on his shoulders, twisting at his neck, pressing his temples.
“Well,” he hears, the voice guttural now, demon-low, “If you wont…”
“I’m sorry. I’m so, so, sorry.”
Castiel isn't using his voice anymore, reaches out with something else, something bigger and stronger that's like a balm to the hole inside, gentle hands on an aching back. Dean can't help it then, opens reflexively, a plant looking for light. And just like that, Castiel washes over him. It's the only way he can describe the indescribable. The world opens up in front of him, air and land and sky and he's connected to it all somehow, its plain beauty sending his senses into overdrive, the details too much to see in one view. But he doesn't want to blink doesn't want to miss a second of the
Only, he knows there is. He knows if he opens his eyes and stares into the amber waiting for him, the long lashes that girls were always jealous of (the fine hair he ran his pinky through while the other was sleeping) that this will end and he will wake and find himself alone again.
“Give in to me, Dean. I will make you whole again. I will make you better.”
When his food comes, the ball of embarrassment that sits like a rock in his stomach drops lower. She offers a half-hearted smile and sets down a plate laden with food, far more than the three-egg omelet he’d ordered.
He slips when trying to take down a nest of vampires. He stands up too fast after one's bitten a chunk out of his arm, though he finds some pleasure in the fact that it lost its head shortly thereafter. But the last one, a girl no older than 13, barrels at him and he doesn't have time to regroup because his vision is swimming, fingers going numb and he isn't sure he even grips the knife anymore. He's sort of surprised that it's going to end this way, that Michael himself isn't going to show up at save him. But then he remembers the sigil on his ribs and laughs. The dick angel isn't going to be happy about this.
anything at all, Castiel? Maybe that's why papa bear left--he couldn't stand to be surrounded by the robots he'd created."
“Do you want it to stop?”
And then it's over. He's back in his hotel room, though Castiel is too. His body is his again, but it's still echoing with the shared experience and it feels like he's reaching for something unconsciously, a yearning that's deep and
It's not a question he asks himself, ever. If he stops to think, if he lets his mind slip into a place where he doesn't need to hunt or kill or bear the responsibility of being a pawn for 'the greater good,' the things he comes up with, the stable images of a home and friends and maybe even people he loves, taunt him. He'll never have normal. Not after all he's seen. Not after hell. So asking him to imagine anything but the hunt, the uncomfortable beds and itchy sheets and glaze-eyed driving is like torture because it's salt in a wound, makes him lust for what's just out of reach. Sam never got that, either. Then again, he'd had a chance at normal, at least for a little while—and it was
A few feet away, something splashes in the water, a vague shape Castiel only half-catches with a quick turn of his head. He's thankful, almost, because looking at Dean's face, the emptiness in those prism eyes and the tight stretch of loss seeping out of every pore is overwhelming. His breath hisses away and he closes his eyes.
The water touches his toes. He slides off the underwear protecting an organ he's never used and steps into the lake. Its cool density settles around him, wrestling with his wings a bit, though eventually he finds his stride. Dean smiles at him, a brief little twitch of the lip, before his eyes slide shut and he's turning his face back up to the sky.
Dean comes in clearer now;
Dean is branches in the wind as he moves up Castiel's arm, then down his fingers; a delicate sway, soft rustling and hair blowing. A pang of loss comes over the angel when the human's soul departs, but it doesn't last. Dean moves in his arms a moment later, gasping and sitting up so they meet chest to chest, arms wrapping around his shoulders, though the human pauses, looking just over Castiel's head.
"Any reason you decided to go head-to-head with an angel?"
He's too broken to call out more than a name, too ashamed to try and explain.
Castiel is wrapped in Dean, in the suffering he’s had, the loss, but also the memories, like a thousand fractured pieces of glass, of the man he used to be. He’s lost to a river of fierce love and loyalty, watches, agape, as images fly by. Dean, holding hands with a woman, lifting her white veil to lean in and brush his lips against hers, the sun shining between them, alighting upon long lashes that draw back up to reveal green eyes and the joy held by them. Dean, bouncing a swaddled infant up and down gently as his wife looks on, sweat on her brow, but peace in her eyes. Touches. Smiles. The easy contentedness of family and love. And then the rip of its loss, the creation of a hole that can never be filled and reaches greedy hands out to grow, grow, grow.
to say things like that?” Sam asks, face puckered like he's just bitten into a lemon.
“Somewhere safe, Lucifer.”
the one that left Dean bleeding from the ears the first time he'd used it.
He doesn’t arms to wrap themselves around him in return, a mouth to come down hard on his, incongruent with the softness of the lips beneath the force. Shock parts Castiel’s lips and heat quickly follows, a tongue that caresses once, twisting against his own before it moves up to trace the points of the new teeth (
“I know, Sammy.” He shakes his head at their future, at destiny and the plan supposedly laid out for them. “But it takes two for that game to start.” Sam's gears are turning; Dean can practically hear them, equations being worked out. So he finishes the idea, the one that's been brewing in him since he asked Cas that heated question, since he'd shared more than thoughts.
— Dean's head is swimming, wherever they are. He feels hot and cold, feverish and impossibly light. He doesn't notice that his words aren't spoken.
He snaps, and Dean finds himself heaped on the floor, limbs akimbo.
But what makes
is heavy in his mind and on his lips.
Dean keeps his eyes closed when he wakes up. He's not alone in the room, can hear the in out breaths of Sam and Gabriel.
Wants to give in and let his grace brush with the angel who gave his life for Castiel and Dean and Sam and the entire world. But no. He crushes it instead, a tight ball in his chest and takes a step back from the other angel.
“Please,” Castiel whispers, breathing Finn’s air, hands in the other man’s hair, pressing tight so hearts can beat as one, “Please don’t go.”
Dean bites back fury, the wall of hate and anguish that boils up in him. The angel has taken his control, the only thing he has left over himself after hell. He says what happens to his body, who he touches, how he uses it. But
A knock on the door interrupts his sexual identity crisis.
Finn smiles.
his brother in pain, and nothing else.
Dean remembers. He can name any supernatural creature Castiel can think of, walks the angel through a salt and burn with dull words and a glazed expression. He knows of other angels—Gabriel, Uriel, Anael. And yet there is a blank spot where Castiel once was, white noise where memories should be. Sam, his mother, his father and all the people he's every met are stored, kept safe.
. He doesn't expect the angel to last long and so isn't surprised when, after a few minutes of strokes that turn the angel into putty in his hands, that make him gasp into their connected mouths, he brings Cas to completion. What gets him is that he's dragged over the edge with the angel, the pleasure he'd invoked rebounding at him, filling him with a screaming awe, a level of bliss that travels up and down his body, lapping at his entire nerve like the tide of the ocean at his feet.
“Hey,” he directs toward the god, voice guttural. It's been chipped away at, herded back into his throat by the weight of things he's refusing to feel right now, the hopelessness that would leave him blind and deaf in the face of such a total defeat. “Judas.”
“Completely,” Castiel has to concentrate to keep the wings from shifting and twitching against his back. Being seen by a human like this, halfway to his true form isn't...it's strange. It's close, like shared breath between a kiss. He's only had one in his entire lifetime, and it tasted of sulfur and ash. Dean licks his lips and he has to keep himself from actively wondering what a human would taste of.
now, that knowing inflected in his words, the way he gets closer so slowly Dean doesn't notice the hand coming toward him until it's grasping his shoulder, keeping him grounded, making him listen. “But the rest is
It whispers to himself.
The bed that catches him as he collapses into it has a dark blue comforter; simple and masculine and the kind of thing Finn would choose without a second thought.
right now, are you?” The smile he gives reveals chipped teeth, the black of rot working enamel down to the gums.
. He is dressed casually, jeans and a long t-shirt and worn tennis shoes. Castiel doesn't know who he is, though that doesn't bother the new god. He is safe, the souls within a hurricane of power that's more than replaced his shredded grace. Maybe this man is a demi-god, here to bow down, to pledge himself to Castiel. To ally himself to the new master of the universe.
The house looms, finally, and he's distracted, thinks only of delving into cool sheets and letting the afternoon slip by. The groceries are heavy, but taking two trips is out of the question, so his arms are loaded as he turns to go into the house, kicking the car door shut as he eases of of it backwards.
Sam opens his eyes fully, and sits up, latching onto Dean like a life raft. “I'm sorry,” he says into the fabric of Dean's shirt. He feels familiar, hugs with his entirety, the way he used to when he was young and Dean was the coolest older brother in the world.
“Yeah,” he agrees. “First lesson: proper goodbyes.” The joke is wasted, mostly because he tells it to himself. His heart beats a little faster, pounding a little harder at his temples, at the tips of his fingers. He touches the pulsing digits to his face, absorbing the warmth Cas left behind.
“Who are you?” The question is loaded.
, sending comfort and companionship through Dean. It's so full, so deep that he knows it must be real, that somehow the angel's grown attached to him, wants him around. But maybe it's deeper than that, maybe it's a need, a personal want. Because he's getting something, a low trill that he can't quite name because labeling would make it real. So he just revels in what he's being given, in the way that Cas is safe and solid around him. God, thinking about the angel brings up his human front, the eyes that Dean's his phantom heart thud that much harder, even here. And he knows Cas can feel it, can see straight through him, reading every thought and emotion that crosses his mind.
that bleeds through Castiel's being into his own. The angel tries to keep the rush the crescendos within him under control, but the more he tries, the more the truth leaks out. Each image that falls on Sam's shoulders contains a person, a man, a human with green eyes and dirty-blonde hair and a smile that could make women faint of heart. After a breath, or maybe an eternity of breaths, he allows the rest to come out, the regret and the pain of losing the human, the triumph and joy from having rescued him from hell's black hills. Then, the purge. The torrent of souls leaving him, ripping parts of him out as the streamed past his teeth. He gives it all, offers himself on a serving platter to Sam and waits for the verdict.
“You won't say yes,” Dean whispers into hair that's bitter with the stench of demons and sweat, abrasive and too long near his nose but he just holds Sam, unable, unwilling to let go.
“I know.” A kiss to quiet him, mouths entwining, opening like a flower drenched in the morning’s dew. They move honey slow, patient and comfortable in the knowledge of one another’s bodies. Castiel’s hands come to life and he crushes Finn to him, but the echo between their chests is that of his own heart, the muscle that determines him to be alive, the same flesh that deems his love dead. Finn’s hips jerk up, trapping the heat of his sex so it fills and he tenses, laying his head on the other man’s shoulder. They stutter out a pattern, hitching and pressing until the pulsing rise of completion ripples in him and he can’t help but draw the heavy curtain of his eyelids back. Amber, too bright, looks back and he’s hanging in the stars, drunk with the beauty he knows he won’t ever get to see again.
The attack continues, moves forward until he's on his back, staring up at Lucifer, who gloats down at him.
The fluorescent lights blink once, twice, before illuminating Castiel’s face in the mirror. He looks, for once, takes in the faint bruising beneath glazed eyes, stubble gone far past five o’clock, and a mouth lined with the cracks of too-dry skin. No wonder he’d begun to avoid mirrors months ago; he’s got the look of a man rotting in his own skin. And maybe he is. Maybe he’s pushing his body to the limit, seeing how far he’ll go before self-preservation, some stupid animal instinct pulls him back from the edge with a hiss and a warning. Then again, he wonders if that is strong enough in him anymore; if he’ll want to go back instead of simply burning out one day, a quiet snuff like a candle under wet fingers.
this soul. They want to rip and tear and bite until it's nothing but dust and bone fragments on the ground.
He likes the pattern, can hold onto it like a rope dangled over a cliff, can use it as a lifeline against the tsunami rising inside that insists he tastes more of Dean, the heady elixir that has his head separated into puzzle pieces scattering further apart with each passing moment.
human, that he is not stained, that his beauty isn't something to be hidden, or apologized for.
“I don't deserve it,” harsh words to match the tone, the clench of a throat biting down on syllables.
“You don't know anything,” he gets, a cold reply that would be fairly convincing in its apathy, save for the tremor just underneath the soft growl. “I have no family.”
“Are you joining team free will, Cas?” If he squints, Dean thinks, maybe, that the angel might be almost-smiling.
“You need a cleaning,” Cas frowns, or Dean thinks he does. The room's spinning in quick circles, so he can't be entirely sure.
It's strange, the gaze that flows calmly over him, a shallow flit so unlike the other Castiel's deep dark searches, a careless sort of motion that shows just how insignificant the three mortals in the room truly are. It's quiet; Castiel's threats have just tumbled into the air between them and they're still absorbing into broken skin, lapping at the cuts still dribbling lazy blood. Dean takes inventory of his wounds, the aches in his legs and the shooting electric grind working its way down the veins in his forearm. He is tired. He is tired enough to lay down on the stinking, body-part strewn cement and never, ever get up. Fighting is all he's ever known, and its price came with a carving knife that's worked silently for years. It's only now he sees he's more concave than anything, bone carved sharp so all it can do is hurt, tear and rip and break. He could turn his head a fraction, stare at the shocked pull of Sam and Bobby's faces, the narrowed eyes and thin lips, but then the god's attention would veer toward them too. They still have themselves, have rebellion perched on their jaws, locked between teeth. Enough to keep them going where he has run dry.
“Come here, Dean. Come here, beautiful. Let me take your pain away. Let me bear your burden.” That
“Not quite,” the god waves a hand and Dean is vaulted back to the wall, straps slithering out to anchor his arms and legs, to hold him still, weightless.
The god is patient.
he wants to say, though instead a drop of ice falls from his lips in the form of a stiff ‘Yes.’
There are two women. One is in her early thirties; the other, obviously, her daughter. The mother is gentle curves and long, dark hair, soft eyes when she looks at her daughter, a sharp gaze the rest of the time. The daughter's hair is lighter, a caramel brown that's a shock against the green of her eyes. It's night. The mother encourages her daughter to go to bed; when she wakes up, her father will be home and they can all go to the beach together, just like she'd been promised.
The motel soap dries his skin, leaves residue under his nails that he flicks away, little half-moons that stick to the shower curtain, resting a moment before sliding down, evaporating into nothing. He returns to a dark room, falls asleep quickly and screams himself awake a few hours later, sitting up, hands out, ready for a fight. Sam rolls over in his bed, snuffles something about how stare indecisis isn't actually relevant to the banana on the tractor before going silent, smiling in his sleep.
He questions the angel's motives, why he would want to help them when he'd trapped them in his little tv-land hell, tried to force them to assume their inherited roles. But Gabriel just remains still, allowing Dean to work out what he'd said.
“Castiel.” Three syllables hold enough sadness, enough disappointment to wash over him like a tidal wave. He’s pulled under, washed clean of the strange hunger he felt, leaving only hot, aching shame behind.
It's a few days later, when they've found that Lucifer is hiding in Detroit (“Must feel like home,” Gabriel had quipped), that they're ready to go, ready to dive head first into a battle that could be their last. It's late, and Dean should try to sleep but he's restless, antsy. Every position is uncomfortable, the sheets knives against skin. He itches to just get it over with—it's the wait that kills him, that makes him feel worthless.
“Hey,” he touches Sam's hand, lets it stay there for a second before shifting back, drawing his limbs in. “How you feeling?”
“I believe my Father wants you to stop the apocalypse, wherever he may be. I know you will. But I think heaven got it wrong, that there are other ways.”
God taps Castiel's temple, a light, jolting touch and whistles softly.
It wasn't right, Dean.”
“I know I can’t be forgiven, Castiel. I know that what I did was terrible, and there is no going back from that. But until yesterday, until I—”
“I'm sorry, Sammy. I—this is all my fault.”
“Shot—demon bitch had a gun.” Sam's words are rapidfire, hands pressing his hair back, eyes big and aimed at Castiel, pleading with him. “Please, Cas. Just. Please help.”
“Dean!” He bellows at the water. Fury is like lightning in his voice, streaking through it, dragging a current of power through the desperation. The humanity. Again he shouts the monster’s name, fists balled at his side, blood dripping onto the pavement now, splattering across his legs when he brings his hands to his head, choking on disbelief.
So Dean sleeps and dreams and wakes and wonders because that's all there is to do; the room is windowless and the door evaporates every time he gets within a foot of the thing. Breaking isn't an option, though going stir-crazy is starting to look unavoidable. Things don't make sense here. He doesn't get thirsty or hungry, his hair and nails and beard don't grow. He is the same, preserved. But for how long? Is this what Sam suffered through all those Tuesdays?
Cas stops his thoughts, pulls him away from his shortcomings.
“Soon,” it assures the empty air, arching its back, a flick of the tail punctuation of its guarantee. It itches at its waist, frowning at the feeling of tight skin. It's too dark, though, to see how the scales there have lightened into a cast-over-morning grey.
“God, the
The words pass his lips, become real in the air they're carried on, and at the same instant, Castiel disappears.
“I might do things you don't want, Dean.” His hand comes up, fingertips running across his jaw. He doesn't feel it, can't process anything outside the grace that's pressing in from all sides, bombarding him with
Now his angel speaks on the inside, voice rolling like the ocean, the spray as it hits the surf. It's the hush of nightfall, the first drops of rain before a downpour. It's Cas'
And then, just as quickly as it began, the light cuts out, and two chests are left heaving on either side. Michael breathes heavier though, tremulous breath that has his hands fluttering to his heart, eyes wide, open with a clarity that locks onto the human before him.
ZWZIL. Urmw z dzb gl vmw rg, nb mvksvd.
His decisions, his free will. It's time to be a real person, Dean. Time to let him be one too.”
“We already know whose side he's on,” Cas says, startled over the request.
But all that comes back to the former angel is a gurgling rumble that increases until it's all he can hear; one unnecessary heartbeat, then two, and he's washed away into the blackness as well.
“I know,” Castiel breathes, any animosity left for the creature, for Dean, deflating inside with a quiet sigh. “I know.”
“Looking at the stars,” Cas—Dean doesn't know why it feels right to use the nickname, but after the moment, the
Dean thinks, bunching Cas' coat at his shoulder blades, holding himself upright with it,
He lifts his hand, a question mark that has Sam stepping back out of reflex, boots scuffing the gravel underfoot. It's a satisfying sound, weight against rock. Castiel likes it. What he doesn't like is the fear licking around the edges of Sam's soul, though the hunter would never show it in his face, in the depths of hazel irises glued to Dean's form a few feet away, laid gently on his back, asleep. A moment is all it takes for Sam to right himself, to straighten his back and harden his expression.
“Stay away. Just get away from here.”
“You’re not imagining anything, Dean Winchester.”
“Jimmy,” he starts, the name concrete on his tongue. “Is he—did he—
Castiel doesn't visit Earth. He's not forbidden from doing so; no one is. It's encouraged now. Angels are to see their brethren, the other children of their father, instead of gazing upon them from far away where judgment is easy and hatred can grow. And they come back, all of them, even the angels he himself had a hand in destroying, changed. They've been made different, given a gift Castiel still can't figure out. But he doesn't want to. Not now. He wants to stay in his heaven and forget while everyone else does the same. He doesn't visit the other angels in their own places of paradise, a changing landscape that houses more and more mortal souls, overlapping with celestial beings. He wants to disappear. Maybe it would be different if he could forget. Maybe it would mean more if he felt like himself. But all there is now is a hollow space where things he used to care about, maybe, were once held.
“You did good,” he says, pulling his cheek from the crook of Dean's shoulder. “I love you and your brother. Tell him I said so, alright?”
he doesn't understand.
“Not a moment later,” Castiel promises, unused to the way his heart jumps to his throat when permission is perceived, when a
“You want some tea with honey instead?”
He shakes his head, denial coming off him in waves, even as Cas tries harder to soothe him, to make him alright. The directness of it all, the raw devotion leaves Dean's heart in his throat, ready to streak off to a new place where faces have changed but bodies are the same and they all respond the same way, anyway. “There's no such thing as destiny, Cas. There are decisions and sacrifices and free will. And that's all.”
. Maybe that's why it's so frightening.
because everyone does, eventually, he'll start torturing others. And then one day he'll come back as a demon, and even if we've saved the world, Cas, it will be over for me.”
(the creature's face flashes in front of him, eyes dead and mouth turned up in a smirk more malicious a knife clutched loosely by a hand looking for a fight)
Dean shudders over the toilet gasping for air as bile forces its way out of his mouth, scalding his throat as it passes. He'd stopped vomiting solids awhile ago, and now his body just seems intent on ridding itself of all liquid. The events of the day don't help, keep washing over him in flashes that leave him gasping and more nauseous still. Sam, with blood around his mouth, painted like a clown, all animal instincts and demon anger. And Cas. Cas, on his knees, stuffing himself with raw meat, trying to fill himself up. Dean could see it in his eyes, the
take me to—” He looks around, takes in a rolling field, a lake and a small house perched on top of a gentle hill.
he says, shifting back to small rubs and strokes of Dean's soul, wrapping it around figurative fingers,
“Awww, don’t get upset,” he continues, fingers on the other man’s waist, scratching at the dried scales there. “Not over me, anyway. You’re not looking too good right now.”
Dean is honey slow with the ministrations of his tongue. He parts Castiel's lips and sighs almost imperceptibly when he's allowed in, when the heat of him passes into the angel's cooler mouth. Dean is dark cherry so strong it's almost alcoholic, the bitter tang of dark chocolate a fleeting aftertaste on Castiel's tongue.
“I'll take care of him.” Sam's body does the archangel justice, fits the power that was never well represented in his vessel. Then Cas settles into him, gliding through skin and tissue and organs, assuming control. A second later, the brothers disappear, leaving no trace behind.
is standing over him, bloody knife in hand.
Whiskey-toned eyes, just a shade too bright, pin him with their unblinking gaze. He is turned to stone, mouth open, trying to form the words of an explanation that doesn’t come. There’s nothing.
, and now that same water is dripping down his nose and cheeks and his chest is making the motions of breath, the up and down of life but everything’s too tight, and the quaking inside threatens collapse. He means to duck under the water, to swim back to where he belongs and curl up for the night, to chase away the memories, the ribbons that have begun to tie him to a time
Closer, now. Lighter, warmer—he's swimming up through stormy waters that would hold him down if he let them. But determination drives him where strength begins to wane. There is no going back, only reaching forward. And he breaks through, fueled by the charge of excitement and craving held in Dean's voice, the human need to touch and connect on a physical level.
But he’s pulled back by the sight of pale skin floating on water, still skin that hasn’t found the will to tread its way to the shore. His hands shake as he guides the man out of the lake, turns him on his stomach and beats at his back, trying to banish water from unready lungs.
The god's eyes roam back to his form, taking in the various injuries.
Cas still isn't there.
” He squats, fists the hair at the top of Dean's head, lifting it slightly before slamming it back down. “I don't know if you're brave, or just a complete moron.” He smirks. “Maybe both?”
the angel, into his essence again. He would never admit it, but the grace that surrounds him feels like a jacuzzi, all warmth and comfort and the pressure of heat used to unwind, to channel the tension that's built in him. But it breaks something too, makes the wall he's built in himself implode, releasing his doubt and fear and agony over him in such a wave that he thinks he'll drown because he's got no one left, no one standing in his corner, no one who actually
He doesn’t want to look at it, doesn’t want to explore the mutation that’s warped his mind and body, but curious fingers don’t listen to a stern mind and so they reach down, sliding over the strangely rough surface. It’s not supposed to feel like that, right? He remembers fishing as a child, shrieking in delight over catching his first fish, the alien animal wriggling in his hands after his father had taken the hook out. It had been slippery, a gloss of slick scales and powerful muscle.
It settles on the tip of his tongue, ready to be whispered softly, like leaves fluttering to the ground, a patchwork pattern of colors. The syllables are simple, strong and masculine. A little old-fashioned. Suddenly, Castiel isn't so tired anymore, and the laptop case dropped carelessly in the corner of the bedroom, next to an old-fashioned bureau is all he can think of. He unzips it impatiently, the noise quick and assured, and brings it back to the bed. The few moments it takes to boot up are grains of sand in an hourglass, each grain's fall slow, stretching into infinity. His thumb keeps a beat on the keyboard, tapping out the jangle of his nerves until his search engine opens. He types in the name and sends it out into the cords of the internet, frowning when his first twenty results are all for guns. Or men named Dean who own guns. Rolling his bottom lip between his teeth, pulling at the strands of dry skin there, he tries again.
“Oh,” Gabriel pipes up, a snap sounding from the corner. Dean looks back, sees the giant tub of popcorn that's appeared in the angel's lap and sighs, suffering him with only a fragment of the aggravation he used to invoke. “This is better than Days of Our Lives.” He stuffs his mouth with kernels, chewing loudly. “Don't the hot love scenes always follow the emotional ones?”
“Dad,” he says, forgetting about the long days on the road, harsh glances and cutting tones, the
He gets a quiet smile, and knows everything's going to be ok. He falls asleep that night, for the first time in what seems like forever, wanting to wake up the next day. Because he knows Cas will be there to share it, to walk with him through time until he leaves his body behind. Until they can go to the angel's home. Together.
Castiel remembers his birth. The moment he flickered into being, pulled into existence by invisible hands, the streaks of stars, black-hole need for love and light gathered and focused until he came out the other side. The fact that he was filled with his Father's grace is the only evidence he has of the being humans call God. His brothers and sisters, nebulous bodies of light and heat and
“You're not exactly
Dean sits on the bumper of some relic from the forties, grease coating his hands, soaking into the edges of his jeans. The sun starts to burn below the horizon, casting the washed-out blue of the sky gold, magnificent beams filtering through clouds. It's priceless, the sight, beautiful in a way that can't be repeated.
“That's what Cas did?” Sam's eyebrows shoot to his hairline. “God, no wonder you two are together.”
He moans at the struggle, an ugly whining sound that surrounds him, enhanced by the bathroom's acoustics. He's still clutching at the angel, weaving fingers through mostly-dry hair when he's brought back to standing and opens his eyes, finding himself nose-to-nose with Cas. He knows how he must look, too depleted to even stand, body shaking with fatigue. It's humiliating, especially in the face of such power and control. But when he hides behind eyelashes that drip tap-water tears, the pads of fingers come to rest on his jaw and he slides his gaze back up. A moment later the tiny hairs are touching skin again, but not his. They rest in a butterfly kiss on Cas' cheek while his mouth receives the real deal, a heated affair of wet lips that nip lightly before parting, crossing boundaries, taking steps that can't be undone. When the angel slicks his tongue over Dean's with no real technique, but enough passion to more than make up for it, he forgets that he's naked and kissing a celestial being. His mind shorts out, knows only now, this moment, this second, the hand that touches his hip, trailing up, up, until it crosses over onto the scar that's still shiny, still looks new. The brush of digits over it almost sends Dean to his knees, but Cas holds him like he's the most important thing in the world, grip strong, sure.
He slips into dreams and the movie continues, bathing him in the pale reflection of the tv's glow, the idle chatter and witty lines white noise against his dead-to-the-world ears. A press of lips on his forehead and he forgets the isolated house he's inherited, forgets the new lines in his forehead and slips away into the nothing embrace of a man that whispers his name soft as steam rising from a morning cup of coffee.
in Dean’s eyes?
“It's real,” Castiel doesn't comment on the nickname, on the familiarity blooming between them, just like it had years ago. “You're alive.”
He sits at the kitchen table, asks for some toast. Bobby closes his mouth. Sam and Gabriel come in from outside, light clinging to their hair and bodies. They have a place in the sun, can let it play on their faces and smile indulgently. Dean just sees a harsh glare. They both stop short when they see him but recover, though not quickly enough to avoid the jerky, robotic motions their arms and legs take for a moment. They watch him but pretend not to as he sips Bobby's strong coffee, eats thick-cut toast with peanut butter smeared on it. He chews and swallows and does what's expected, raises an eyebrow and smirks, and even though it's watered down, they believe it.
all this, when he wasn’t a monster, when he didn’t thirst for the despair in others.
“No.” He pets Sam's hair, runs fingers over a forehead, looks his brother in the eye. “I won't let you, ok?” he promises, blinking hard to clear his vision. The water lands on Sam's face, staying still on his cheeks for a moment before trailing away to collect at his chin. “I'll always be here.” He hears Sam's breath catch, can feel the heaviness in his soul. “Just like when we were young. I'm not going anywhere. And neither are you.”
“Cas,” he motions to the angel at his pocket of the jacket he's still wearing. “Can you get my wallet? Give 'em twenty-five.” Cas nods, slides off the bed he's perched on and reaches in to the confines of the leather against Dean's t-shirt. The scrabble of fingers across his chest feels better than he wants to admit, but then it's gone. Cas pays the delivery boy and sets the food down, its scent already permeating the air. Dean's handed a slice, eats it too quickly and burns the roof of his mouth, though can't stop tonguing it, pressing again and again to feel the little responsive ache. He gets full too quickly but knows enough not to overeat. With one need fulfilled, though, he realizes how disgusting he feels and knows he must smell worse. What's troubling is that he's not sure he can hold himself up in the shower long enough for it to do any good.
“Nothing you didn't want,” he smirks, showing off those small fangs. They're wicked, surreal, and Castiel's tongue itches to lick them again. To make sure they actually exist.
the dark scratching 'what ifs' that ask, rather nastily, if the god might have remembered him if he'd tried to support him. Somehow. If he'd done what his body had been telling him to do every time the former angel stepped too close, lingered where he shouldn't have.
“Hey,” Dean's murmuring into his shoulder, uncertainty thick in his voice. Castiel leans back to look into his eyes and sees an edge of nervousness there, hedged in by awe.
He sits up slowly, refuses to give the angel the satisfaction of seeing him scared, startled.
He imagines the voice in his head licking its lips, wetting them for the pause that comes next, the beginning of an avalanche question that will pull him in a million different directions.
Listless sleep rolls its covers back around noon. Castiel treks red-eyed into the shower and turns it up as hot as it will go, pale skin pink and stinging when he gets out, the blood at the surface, his body one pulse that beats hardest in his head. He needs coffee. And something solid so the coiled ball of his stomach can unfurl, if just a little bit. His duffle is where it was last night, the television still on, the main menu of the dvd playing softly over and over again. He pulls out pants and a shirt and hopes they match, dresses looking out the window.
and responsibility and constant fear. It melts as his father gathers him, ushers him closer. Dean breathes in the smell of deodorant, the kind he uses too, mixed with the pine of car freshener masking a hint of leather.
, to just wake up. He doesn't care about the dig of teeth into his bottom lip, doesn't understand
If he goes back inside hastily, there's no one there to judge him. Just a faint splash he doesn't hear over the pound of his heart in his ears, a fear he pins on the weed he hasn't smoked in years. He can laugh at himself when he's back inside, when the safety of walls are around him, doing their job, protecting him from the long-legged beasties of his nightmares. The ones he's had more of lately. The ones in slow motion he can't tear his eyes away from. The ones where—
, Dean thinks, as the grace pushes past, pushes further until it's inside and he feels like a Christmas tree that's just been plugged in. There's no way to be prepared for the way feels in him, the rush of buzzing serenity that fills him but doesn't clog his mind or induce false hope. No, everything is the same, but just a bit clearer, easier to look at.
Later, after he's shoved earplugs so far into his canals that he's pretty sure he'll need tweezers to get them out the next morning, he falls asleep imagining the screams he's managed to block out. They transition with him, come alive as he slips into unconsciousness' cradle and his mind is free to bring out the blackest parts of his soul. The screams remain Sam's, because he's hung up on a rack in front o Dean, hooks coming out of dislocated shoulders, lazy trickles of blood squirming down his chest every time he struggles. And he struggles, especially as Dean walks toward him. He feels the knife in his hand, the dynamic thrill of its weight and the creative ways it will be put to use. He feels a smile pull his lips back to show slightly sharper teeth, a deranged smirk that makes Sam's shout at him, try to find reason where none exists.
“You need to eat, Dean.” Cas looks so odd next to the backdrop of kitschy wallpaper and shag carpet; not a hair out of place, clothes obscenely proper against the dusty lining of a building falling into dilapidation.
“No!” It's garbled and shaky, but his voice makes its way into the air. But it just builds, the pressure, the sensation of fingers reaching deep inside, clawing at everything until all he can do is scream up blood and chunks of what used to be organ systems.
extra. He houses Dean within himself, the soul flush against his grace and burrowing closer, deeper with every beat of his vessel's heart. Castiel gasps, stomach dropping to the soles of his feet as his grace shifts and flutters within him, drawing the soul close, playfully circling around it, cupping it like water sifted through hands.
“Sam wouldn't do that,” he mutters, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “He wouldn't put my life in a stranger's hands. He wouldn't let some
It heaves itself onto the sand, tail ungainly and awkward on the land, muscles all wrong for the gritty surface. Doesn't matter though, not now. It lifts itself like pendulum, reaches the end of the beach and stares at the uneven rocks leading down to the road. It lays down. The sky above is limitless and it is but a speck. It raises its arms, not minding the scrapes as it stretches, reaching for something on either side, flickers of the past and emotions it doesn't know what to do with anymore.
Red behind his eyes, red streams in his mouth where he bites down
It's a trigger, a gunshot moment of images and possibilities that wind him tight and choke the answer that tries to come out instantaneously, a 'yes,' that is a reflection of matched gazes and need he's never admitted to; feelings he won't make contact with because he is dirty and wrong and so, so human and Castiel, the angel Castiel used to be is
A chill skitters up Castiel's spine, cutting through his world gone soft and hazy. He looks up from the paper that's now shaking, the pulse in his fingers sped up, fueled by adrenaline. Unease is thick in his blood, and he can't help but wonder if the night is staring back into him.
In spite of not knowing if it's the right thing. And it's
“Dean.”
His chin is guided down so he can see Cas' vessel, the unconscious body of a man that the angel doesn't quite know how to work. Dean feels how strange it is for Cas to be stuck inside a body, to be limited to human mobility and speech, to the separation and isolation humanity subscribes to. The body is a trap to the angel, a cage that pins back his wings and mind, the connection he has with the Host and other angels.
“You're creeping me out, dude,” Dean sighs, knowing fully well the angel hears everything, knows everything. “Just come in.”
ringing in his ears like it always does. Deprivation is a good friend, one that has invited itself in over the years. He's unsure of how to let it go, never minded it before, but now claws at it, desperate to push it aside and
to realize it could hide in plain view with such a simple ruse. But now there's no question, not a hint of feeble mortal in the cat-like grace that emanates from him, even as he lowers himself to the mattress on which Sam lays.
More guns.
“I'll keep that in mind,” Cas says, releasing him, calling the essence that surrounds Dean back into his own body. Dean would answer, but he's trying to remember how air works. Every time he tries to slide back into despair, to wave the white flag, Cas catches him, bolsters and supports in a way no one else, ever, has. The moments of doubt, the grief and resentment over being chosen to save the world, the temptation to just let it all fall to pieces disappears because he's reminded of why he fights, the reason to keep going. He can't let Cas down, can't let the angel's faith in him die. And he can't let the world burn, not when he knows other people are having moments like this all (though probably toned-down human versions) over, are letting their masks slip in the face of love's clarity.
The eyes he peers through are glazed; Cas isn't blinking. He watches as the angel uses his hand, wraps it around his length. The echo of its twitch shimmers through him, amplified. He's sure the ground is shaking under him, can't comprehend anything outside the swirls of heat so intense he shivers in their wake, body, or soul, really, moving uncontrolled, sweeping over Cas' grace, begging for more contact, begging to lose his mind and forget everything for a minute or two. He doesn't notice when his body heads back to the bed, when Cas lays him down and continues to touch and stroke and tease until Dean is thoroughly lost in it all, looking down at the edge of precipice, one leap away from oblivion.
“I didn't want this for you, Sammy.” He rests his head against the wall behind him, closes his eyes and takes a breath before opening, continuing. “If I'd have known that this was how we'd end up when I came and got you to find Dad, I'd have let him stay gone.” It's harder to speak now, around the sudden tightening in his throat, the thickness of his tongue. “Nothing's worth this.” He looks down and sees his brother again, the sheen of hazel under water that leaks from the corner of his eyes, trailing down his temple.
Dean snorts at that, lips curving up into the kiss. Cas takes it, pulls Dean in further, hungrily.
“Western omelet, wheat toast, please.” His voice is coffee-grinder low, a gravel that sounds like a cigarette bender with a laryngitis chaser. Robin notices, glancing at the coffee he's added milk to.
I tried, my entire lifetime. But I couldn't.
“You must hurry, Dean,” Cas is saying, helping him up, pushing him to the stairs. “Sam has escaped.”
He can't stop looking at it, the luster of light under skin. It's beautiful and strange and he just wants to touch, but the weakness of his limbs prevents it. The angel's—Jimmy's—body gathers Dean in his arms and the light intensifies but doesn't burn, just reaches for him, embraces him. His eyes fall shut, though, when Cas' hand covers them. When the makeshift blindfold is removed, he's looking up at the sky, and it's daytime.
When Sam does wake up, Dean has sent Cas away to help Bobby with something, maybe to keep the hunter from killing a pain in the ass angel. The kid takes his time, surfacing in stages, slowly. But Dean's there, sees it all, the first twitch of movement, flutter of lashes.
He nods once, lips twitching, throat working once before he winks lasciviously. “You want me inside you, Sam?” He receives three moans in harmony.
Dean is sitting up, now, eyes locked on his with an expression that he can’t interpret, so he takes in the other details instead. Darkness in the thin skin under his eyes, the blooming purple from his own fist, open lips that protects fangs shorter than he remembers. But the eyes. The green is a map of light and dark, a weave of bright and muted, and all of it works together to look into Castiel, to see
“They teach this forgiving thing here,” she shrugs, punching his arm, winking a goodbye.
It settles Its gaze back on the man.
“Protection?” Dean is lethargic, dehydrated, and he's had enough emotional ups and downs in the past few weeks that his fingers itch to crawl down just a little and make sure that he does, in fact, still have a penis (A slight adjustment, and...all clear). “Plain English, Cas. Use it.”
the sane part of him orders, the part that tells him to use his seat belt and brush his teeth and to leave the fucking razors alone, to put them back where they belong and stop gazing at them like they're a solution. But it's weaker now, reed-thin and easy enough to ignore. So he stays, stopping as he turns to look over his shoulder and catches the surfacing of a dark-haired man with eyes that don't quite match the sneer on his pretty mouth.
But he interrupts Sam, starts talking about the first thing that comes to him because it's the only thing that will keep him sane.
A brush across his forehead and his vessel disperses, ether disappearing into space. Something ignites in his no-longer-there chest and he fills like a balloon, awareness slipping past his skin and the ego of the souls inside him. His companion is old as time and wiser still, though the presence doesn't match the weight of the being, the knowledge of who He actually is. Sadness drifts from Him in slow waves, a man made to control the universe with no other path, no ability to change his destiny.
Castiel.
he thinks, choking on more acid,
He's never heard Cas afraid, not even a flicker of nervousness. But he's afraid of what he's admitting, of the consequences of his actions, his so-called slip in falling for a son of Adam.
“I could sense it in James, a savage, wholly complete love.” Now he's looking at Dean, eyes questioning, asking if he's on the right track. “It's that, even though you shouldn't ever completely trust anyone, love anyone else, you do. You
). He
“Well, if the intelligent design has anything to say about it, six thousand years or so?”
“I could go,” he offers, and Dean imagines the angel trying to interact with servers in a diner or a local pizza joint and just waves the words away, holding in a laugh.
Finn.
moment, this understanding perfect is that Dean doesn't have to say anything. He can scoff and change the subject and posture on the outside, but the angel will always know the truth. His reverie is broken when Cas steps out of his personal space, motioning for Dean to follow.
he thinks, trying to attach connotations to the words, the flash of teeth in his smirk, the laughter in amused eyes. But saying those three words, claiming the meaning behind them is terrifying in that he acknowledges all he has to lose, all that could be taken away in the next twenty-four hours. He tries to say it, to get it out but it's locked deep down, a cage without a key.
he corrects. There’s no way anyone could see that far—and the house is shaded. No. The person must just be checking to see if he’ll be caught.
things to him, and the mere thought of their scrape against his skin has him arching into his bed, blood streaming down to a place it hasn’t gone (while conscious) for longer than he can remember. He doesn’t want to fight it, doesn’t want to embrace it either, the heat building in his stomach, boiling in his veins, and so for a moment, it walks across a tightrope threaded through his heart, each step more unsteady than the last.
She opens the door. There are two men waiting. What happens next is a slow, evil slide into sadism that Castiel can't look away from; he shuts his eyes, it's in his head. He screams, no one hears him. The mother begs for her daughter's life, pleads to bear the brunt of whatever cruelty the men possess, but they've already chosen and they carry out their mindless savagery. They hurt Dean's wife first, tearing at her loose nightgown, forcing themselves on her before carving names and patterns into her skin, the blood running freely and thick, salty in the air. She never stops speaking, though, never stops assuring her daughter that it's all going to be alright, that everything's going to be ok and Mommy's going to be right as rain and
When the god shows up again, it's with grim pleasure plastered across a smarmy face at the shudder that runs through Dean. Surprise and seclusion put him on the edge of a knife, a thin line to walk and the god wastes no time pushing him off.
“What—Cas—are those your wings?”
He’s on his knees now, eyes ticking over the water, searching, until they stop, fixed on a singular point. The man is wide-eyed, but surprise doesn’t move past the muscles of his face.
he replies, and though it feels like something's been wrenched from him as the word leaves his mind, it doesn't matter. A moment later, the world gives way to a white he'd happily drown in.
“Remember that time you started the car in first by accident?” He asks laughing, though his mouth pulls down a bit at the end. “I told you not to screw around with it, but you just
“It's still coming, Dean,” Sam fiddles with his hands, hides behind his bangs. “I'm still meant to be...” He doesn't finish, can't, but there's no real need.
“Dean Winchester sent us,” a gruff voice comes from the other side, reedy and thin. “Ma'am, please open the door.”
“Because your spirit is weak.” It's not an insult, not a judgment. Just the truth. Always just the truth. He tries to shift in Cas' grip, to get a better look at himself, but there's nothing, an insubstantial sort of mist that pulses and waves, a specter.
Castiel breaks the kiss with Dean's saliva on his mouth, a light sheen he licks at and swallows down, a moan stifled in his throat. Dean's a second behind, confused as to why they stopped, but he gives no answers as he rises to his feet and his wings spread, flinging the excess water this way and that. Bent knees and held breath would carry him up to the sky, but before he can rise a foot off the ground, a hand clasps his shoulder and drags him back, hard.
Castiel holds a piece of wrinkled paper in his hand, though it's been smoothed, pressed flat with now-dry hands. He glances down at the gibberish, then back at his laptop. It had overheated on the bed, motor running too hot during his strange excursion. He takes his tasks in steps. Getting dressed was the easiest; legs through shorts, arms through a shirt, pull up, pull down, finished. Fishing the forgotten note off the floor had been more difficult. It had been surrounded by the drops of his bloody nose, a reminder of the bizarro world he'd opened the door to, the key lost in the shuffle.
“I'm going to say yes.” He holds up a hand to stop the questions that leap to Sam's lips, the outrage and hurt and
He expects Gabriel's eyes to go hard, his mouth to set in that terrifying thin line but if anything, the archangel only looks at him with a curious mix of wistful sadness and regret. He feels both drift over the hair on his arms as the other angel's grace coils around him, an embrace without touching, a connection that sends shudders through him, an animal-moan through his lips into suddenly thin air.
him. As if he holds an answer of some kind. As if he carries something valuable.
There's confusion in those strange green eyes, one look down and then up, a reflective sort of spark that piques Castiel's curiosity. The creature is one of a thousand masks, and he wants to peel them off one by one.
Dean doesn't know how to ask this, doesn't want to offend after he's been given such a gift, but it's on his mind and he doesn't hold things like
to Dean? Is it repulsive? Too different to be anything but untrustworthy, something to be feared and put down before it can do damage?
The first drag of the knife is deep. Dean is red and black, streaks of charred embers curling inside, hell brought back as he's cut open, blood hot and gushing.
“What did you see, Dean?” He’s smiling now, a shark’s grimace that’s comfortable to sink into as a warm bath. The anger feels good in his veins, the thrum a roar of a car engine as it winds. “You saw my dead lover?”
His body starts moving before his mind catches up, streaking through the house until he’s at the front door, anger pulsing through him, pushing down his mind so heavily that he can barely work the lock, snapping it with such force that the tips of his nails crack, but pain doesn’t come. He leaves bloody fingerprints on the door as he leaves the house behind, the outside air cool on wet skin.
Gabriel retreats back to his chair after a few affectionate slaps to Dean's arm. Castiel takes his place. “What Gabriel did, Dean, was separate the two to cleanse them, to renew him. The body is the easier part.” His eyes move up and down Dean's body; though he's been seen in his entirety by the angel, it hits him for the first time that Cas had brought him back to life, had made his body whole again before he'd ever met him. He sees Cas remember, knows the angel is probably seeing how he looked, bloody and torn, rotted away. His throat constricts, but he wills the feeling away. He doesn't have anything left to bring up, anyway.
“I love you,” he hears himself say, vocal chords manipulated, working around words he means and feels. Strange that it's coming from him, literally. But his voice doesn't sound like his own. It's raw, down to its barest form, syllables shaking with lust and uncertainty, with
“Sam, I—” The angel's hesitant.
“I think I know what I want, Cas.” He's angry now, mostly because the angel is right, but dammit, he wants to be able to claim his own moods, to be taken at his word and not be read like an open book.
“I know this is hard for you, Dean.” Cas breaks the silence, the little spell that makes it ok to pretend they're just two normal guys hanging out, looking at the sky.
“And I just kept running away,” he laments. “Kept wishing you and Dad would just leave me alone, let me have a normal life.” He shakes his head.
Castiel does not expect dawn to be trying to angle through his eyelids, bright and insistent. He peels them back and finds himself confined to the body that had held him for over two years. It's a comfort, of sorts, to feel the vessel's height, the sweet sting of muscles as he stretches instinctively, digging deeper into the body until it almost feels like his own.
