"Well you know. Bitten." She laughed. "Look I need to talk to you about-"
nervous about this. His lab buddy laid him on the bed and climbed over him.
"You're his son, you're a Stark."
"Mom, what's going on?" I asked.
"I don't need escorting. I'm not in an exam."
"Keep off them." Tony said. His voice blunt. He looked angry. Even Tony Stark knows better than to have sex with a monster. But if he didn't, he believed that the monster would force it onto the other two. He didn't want the other two hurt. That would be his fault.
Bruce looked over at Clint. He grabbed a gun and started shooting at Pax, letting out a roar. The Hulk didn't want to make an appearance. It was like he knew that
"What is it?" Steve said back.
Tony had started to sink in the bath. He opened his eyes and quickly got out of the water, trying to avoid it. A towel wrapped around him tightly. He curled up in the corner of the room, staring at the tub full of water and shaking. He had never reacted to the memory of Afghanistan this way before. He put his head in his knees and let out a cry. It was a cry for help.
Bruce held up a finger.
"If they are down there with that..." Nat's mind began to wander and Steve looked down as the lid stopped moving from under him.
"Tony, I know what you look like when you are
"Is this over New York?" He asked.
So Romanoff caught me at Lunch time. I thought that was strange. I thought she had bunked off with Tony. Apparently she was back now. Anyway. She handed me a bit of paper. I'm not smart enough to figure out cryptic messages like this though.
I was in pain. I couldn't do it. I stayed sat down all day. And for the first time ever, I invited my client to my home. I just couldn't walk longer than to the door. This person is under the name 'old but sexy'. I don't usually know client's names, but that is for confidenciality. This person is aparently a virgin, but I am unsure as to if they are interested in dominating or being submissive. I don't mind which. Either way they will be gentle.
"Yeah..." I mumbled. He sat next to me.
"My name is Pax" It said, Tony nodded in response.
And so we began. He wanted to dominate because he wanted me to be 'okay'. When he saw my ass, his mood dropped massively.
He ran after the Jagkar, chasing it into town. It was a bad idea but Hulk wasn't exactly leading the chase. He was just running after the creature.
"You have to pour the drinks for everyone and then you can sit down to socialise." Steve said. He didn't really have much expierence with tea parties, even when he was a kid, so he had taken a guess.
I made my way to class and sat down, praying the teacher wouldn't make me introduce myself. Funny enough they didn't even notice I was new. It's good that I know all the stuff they are teaching already. A normal person would have no chance at this. But knowing what to do, does not stop people from being dicks.
The only person who seemed to notice that Tony wasn't with them as much was Steve. And he was the one who went to confront the male. He clicked on the keypad to get through, but it went red.
"You are both my prisoners. Toys for my children. Your leader is my toy." It's tentacles rubbed their cheeks. Clint moved his face away but then nearly fell over. He couldn't move his feet. Bruce gave Tony a look of sympathy.
"Tony. Did you dad?"
"Tony, have you had an accident?"
Bruce sat in front of the genius and covered one of his eyes.
Tony got dressed and looked around. 'Where is Steve?' he thought. Steve had gone out for a run earlier when they woke and hadn't returned. Usually, that meant he had a mission. And a mission meant Tony was alone. The bath hadn't calmed him so that meant he'd be heading to the lab.
"I am guessing you want answers." He said. Steve nodded. They had the awkward discussion and, surpisingly to Tony, Steve had completely accepted that this was what Tony had to do to cope. The pair also agreed that Steve would look after Tony when he was little-in case the little had another accident or anything like that. But Tony didn't want the other Avengers to know about his age regression. Steve could accept that, but they would definitely find out eventually.
"He's never had a tentacle monster in him though. I'm pretty sure that man has taken 2 or 3 dicks in him at once but not a whole bunch of tentacles." Said Romanoff. And there was the comment that Steve didn't wanna hear.
"Alright" I bowed my head. "Where do I sleep."
I rolled my eyes, but Steve had a stern look on his face.
"Language!" Said Cap. I rolled my eyes and continued.
"Well, we have to stop that happening." Steve said. They suited up with whatever weapons they could find around. They had never fought a member of the Jagkar before, so they didn't know what to expect.
Nat didn't flinch at this. She carried on shooting, but the others did. Clint lowered his bow for a second and that gave Pax the opportunity to get it off him.
Inside Tony was 15 eggs. Each one looking like a ping pong ball and moving around. They were starting to hatch. Natasha was not scared to do what she had to do. She put her hand into Tony and grabbed the eggs.
"Possibly. But it wouldn't work out."
"Tony. They are-"
Steve's Point of view
Once again, she picked up a gun and started to shoot. Bruce was also still in the fight. He got up and started to shoot, until green started to show.
"Guys? Can anybody hear me?" Clint called into his com. Steve heard it.
I just decided to leave the school. The hate for school was growing stronger, however, Nat came with me. It was nice to spend the day with someone who understood me. It felt great. I guess Steve understood me but I don't know if I can trust him any more. I aren't a pity party. But...Maybe he wasn't giving me pity afterall... What have I done?
"I would like to hang out. It's been a while." I nodded. I told him a time.
The news teams had started to arrive, which made her finding her friend really difficult. They stopped her digging to ask her questions.
"Guys, I am going to have to get Tony out of here" Steve said. His team acknowledged it, but couldn't really respond because of the fight.
"Tony. After seeing them, I have geniune concerns. I don't think you can look after yourself-"
"I know baby." Steve stroked his hair to calm him, "But you don't want to ruin another pair of your big boy underwear, do you?" Tony shook his head and it was set. Steve washed him up and dried him then got out the diaper. He laid the little on his bed and put the diaper on him.
“Created a loophole in case I needed to save my sorry ass. From, oh I don’t know, maybe a megalomaniac super villian looking to tie up loose ends or loses control of his little toys and has started armageddon. Or, here’s a wild one, maybe a violent Russian with anger management issues!” The tech waves his arms wildly at Natasha.
“It’s okay,” he says as he takes out a packet of tissues from his jacket and cleans off her hand before going to her face. “We don’t have to go back to that quack if you don’t want to.”
Steve reaches over and whacks him upside the head.
“Just get it over with otherwise next time he just might lock us in a closet.”
Tony rubbed the excess gel into his hands and tilts his head to look her. “You know what, screw ‘em.”
Mari takes the cookie and munches on it. “Thank you. Did you punch Nazis with my Pops?”
“Sure.” He kisses her forehead. “But stay near the chairs.”
“Me too, but trust me, Captain Protocol won’t let us. No matter how many favors you offer.” He wiggles his eyebrows at Steve as he portions out the medication.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks.
“Da?” she calls in a louder voice. “Was that you?”
“I’m not saying that! She’s upset! I’m trying to settle her down!” Tony says, his voice rising in volume.
Janet jumps and turns in his direction. “Oh! Captain! Yes, just experiencing some communication issues.”
“I just said why. I’m an Osborne. You’re a Stark.”
“G-GOOSEBERRY!” she stutters out before collapsing into laughter.
“Yeah it’s me.” He kneels down next to her. “Are you ok Kiddo?”
While the inventor turns to hide his blush, across the playground Mari is still stumbling after the frog.  Every time Mari would catch up to the small creature the movement of another child or a stray ball or her box of crayons tumbling out of her arms would send it hopping off again. Before she realizes it, she follows the frog off the playground and into the surrounding trees. As the frog comes to rest again, Mari struggles to shift her sketchbook open and shuffle the box of crayons into her other arm. The box slips through her awkward grip and crayons scatter across the ground causing the frog to leap away between the gnarly roots of a large tree.
“She has all the basics to establish that she exists.”
“Tony Stark was a prime target for HYDRA. It was always expected that one day they’d send me out to drag him to that hell hole. I had to read a dossier every few years on him.”
“She…” Tony looks over at Mari who starts to run back to them. Steve smiles at Tony’s hanging jaw. Tony mumbles, “I’m Dad…?”
The blonde was biting back his laughter. “Mari helped me make your lunch. I guess she snuck in a little something when I wasn’t looking. That bad?”
“I am indeed ‘the’ god of thunder. Although I believe there may be another named, Zeus but I doubt he can match MY prowess in the battlefield for I have fought the serpent Hakurel.”
“Night night.”
Tony takes the speaker and switches it off. Then he jerks him around and leans in close. He whispers harshly. “REMEMBER HOW STEVE AND I TOLD YOU GUYS TO KEEP IT LOW KEY FOR TODAY?”
Tony points to the drawer that is ajar by half an inch.
Ms. Flander nods. “Do you like your room? It looks nice.”
One minute Tony had been leaning against the counter waiting for his next cup of coffee to brew, the next his eyes were flying open at the sound of voices in the penthouse. When he looks back to the coffee maker, his drink is brewed and there is a distinct lack of steam coming from it. He grabs the cup anyway before heading out of the kitchen. Steve is talking with Bucky when they come into the living room, still in their tactical gear.
Tony eyes follow the agent’s free hand as it drifts to his hip where he can see a holster. He looks to Mari’s trembling form and then looks back to the agent. Tony moves his hands behind his back and twists and presses in the face of his watch. The iron glove slides over his hand. “I think I do.”
She scans the room but when her eyes look out towards the balcony she takes a step closer to Steve.  At first Bucky thought she was looking outside. After a moment though, he realizes she was watching the reflection of the living room on the glass. She mumbles into the teddy’s head, “In the hall.”
Mari droops.
Tony pulls the comforter over his head. “Why don’t you sleep in for once? Come to the dark side.”
“Well congratulations. Taking the first step is always the hardest. Recognizing you need help.”
“If you really want to thank me,” Fury calls over his shoulder. “Next time, adopt a kid whose parents aren’t on my watch list.”
Bucky reached over and pulled her against his chest, squeezing her tight. “They didn’t take it away. You kept it safe for me all this time. You survived. For me.”He buries his face in her hair and takes a deep breath. He shuts his eyes when he feels them start to get wet. “I’m not going to lie, what I have right now, it’s only fragments. Memories I almost remember. And if we spent as long together as you say then I know there is a lot more that I’m missing. But I do know that I risked HYDRA’s wrath. I risked my handlers’ punishments, going back into that wretched fridge for another fifty years. I risked it all because I apparently loved you so much, even a little bit of happiness was worth the suffering. It’s not your fault for running. I told you to run because knowing you had escaped would be enough for me. I was an important asset. A machine they could reboot. They would have killed you. Horribly. If you hadn't made it out I wouldn’t have survived.”
Mari’s lingering smile vanishes and she takes the stuffed toy. She turns to Tony and speaks in a dead, monotone voice, “The trust circle is a place of understanding, sharing, and openness. Those who wish to share must be holding the phallic object.” At this last part she holds up the stuffed mushroom and Tony bursts out laughing.
“Yes sir,” says Jarvis.
“Then SHIELD can stop sending their emissaries to interrupt me when I am attempting to woo Jane during the few ‘camping weekends’ I can get her to consent to,” says Thor with a tight smile.
“What were you suggesting?” Tony turns in his arms.
A HYDRA agent had a gun pointed at them and was grabbing at his pockets. He pulls out an extra gun as he gets pummeled by a shield and a hammer. Both heroes catch their weapons.
Steve sighs and looks defeated. When he looks up though and sees Mari resting against Tony he looks between him and the holograms on the table. “Should she really be around for this?”
“Millions of dollars and years of research put into development. Months of planning. And you’re telling me that you let it almost fall completely apart at the seams because of some fastidiosa bambina!?!” the man demands, his voice rising as he nears the end, before turning on the pale bald man.
Steve revs the engine on his hover bike and swings around a building. “Are you close enough for an ID?”
Peggy shakes her head. “Here I thought Tony was the worry wart in the relationship.”
“My money is on one Margaret Liddel.” He steps closer and pulls out a sheet from the folder with her picture on it. “Not long after the two became engaged we started having problems with the system. Files would go missing, they’d be altered, corrupted, you name it, it happened and Paulson’s file was always one of the ones affected. The more we looked into it the less we found.”
“You bet on who Mari would warm up to first!?!”
“Jarvis, locate Brucie for me would ya.”
Mari started out as Petra Parker aka fem!Peter Parker. As I kept developing the story though it got so far from Peter Parker's background I felt that she needed to be renamed. That being said though she still shares some similarities with him i.e. fluffy hair, dorkable-ness, an Uncle Ben, and an Aunt May. Stick around to see if you can spot any other similarities.
Mari holds her hands up like claws and snaps her teeth making little growling noises.
“Calm down. The program is running. Ironman will be ready for his nap in ten minutes. And tip tap? What do you think coding involves?”
“Oops. You heard smart mouth.”
“Better go Apple genius.” Steve takes the glasses and slips them over Tony’s nose. “We don’t want concerned parents calling the police about two strange men in hoodies and sunglasses watching the kids. Again.”
Before he can stop her she rips the page out, crumples it into a ball and tosses it across the room. He watches it roll across the floor. When he turns back she’s curled in on herself and tugs at her hair. She mumbles something under her breath but Tony just can’t make it out.
“Oh…they still give out presents at Chanukah right?”
“Does this happen a lot?” she asks looking up at him.
“Yeah, I could tell that by how you shove your tongue down his throat whenever the kid’s not in the room.”
“Thanks. Even if I don’t feel very rested.” Tony reaches over to take the mug. He gulps it down only to choke and cough the gritty abomination back up into the cup. He looks at Steve horrified. “What did you do to my coffee!?!”
“It’s okay, my condition isn’t contagious.” Mari squints as she tries to look around for her glasses.
“Yes…but I’ve been told I don’t do it enough…”
A small smile spreads on Steve’s face but his eyes take on a dangerous glint. “I think so too. Want to see pictures?”
“No, but I bet the same traits I fell in love with are still there. In some form.” He pulls her away to look into her eyes. “What do you say doll? Are you willing to give me a chance to start at the beginning again? Maybe let me take you out dancing?”
“Thank you.” She reaches into her pocket and pulls out some bills. She holds them out and claps his hand with her own when he reaches out. “God bless.” She nods and walks in the direction he pointed.
“Already done sir,” says the A.I.
“Are you sure? Because Pym dresses up like an ant and his obsession with the creatures is a little kookoo.”
“No kiddo.” He scoops her up and hugs her to his chest. “You aren’t going anywhere. This is your home.” He kisses her forehead. “We’ll never let you go.”
Tony groans. “Did she now?”
“Buck!”
Sam swerves and dives past Clint towards the man speeding through the streets.
“One of the world’s mightiest heroes and I’m reduced to a flash light,” Tony mumbles under his breath. “Okay. But I’m going to need my sidekick.” He swings her up and she flings her arms out like an airplane, laughing loudly.
“You sure you don’t need some help? Stark has been working on a little toy for Falcon and somebody might have found the joy stick.”
“I think I’m lost. Who is?” Bruce looks between Nat and Sam.
“But please.”
“Now that Brucie’s pills are starting to kick in? Peachy.” He gives him a cocky smirk.
Bucky was getting too old for this shit.
“Bye.” Bruce waves and watches them leave the lab. When they get back in the elevator he turns back to the data. “Now what does Count Nefaria need with a neuro data translation chip?”
“We don’t know that and we won’t know it until we decode the decryption YOU allowed to be sneaked onto the device!”
“Smarty pants.” He ruffles her hair and goes to his seat.
“Couldn’t he be wrong?”
“I will?”
“It was working one minute then I lost the signal the next. The stupid brat probably had something to do with that.”
Bruce swipes the file across the screen and examines the next set of data. While on her mission, Natasha had sent him some encrypted data. As Jarvis was able to unlock files Bruce would comb through them. So far it had not been anything interesting, just studies on sleep patterns and the brain when it dreams. The newest file seemed to be a schematic of some sort of chip. When he leans forward he hears a rapping on glass. He turns towards the door and sees Tony with Mari riding piggyback. Mari waves from over Tony’s shoulder.
Tony’s brow crinkles in confusion and he looks to the elevator.
“That's me,” says Nat.
He turns back to the assailant in time to see him get to his feet and run in the opposite direction. Tony launches himself over the railing and towards the set of stairs on the other side, a level down. He crashes into him and winces as he feels pain jolt up his legs.
“I have very little patience.”
“Tony.” Steve groans.
"Can we get back to the whole killer Count issue please?" Bruce asks.
“I’m detecting more metallic material in the stuffing pile to your left sir.”
“That sounds about right,” says Tony.
The two men watch her leave and once she is around the corner Ben fixes Tony with a hard glare. “If you think a few nice words are going to get me to trust you, you have another thing coming Mr. Stark.”
He gives a slow nod.
“Of course I have.”
“Tony!”
“I believe the young Miss will fit in just fine sir,” says JARVIS.
“...whatever they did to me...it’s still up there. I can feel it. I don’t want to be left alone with her incase…” He clenches his jaw and swallows back the bile in the back of his throat.
“That’s not why I’m here. I-“
“What about her dialysis?” asks Steve.
“We hashed things out. Told me you why you’re still in the dog house.”
“What if this back fires on us?” Steve asks as he makes sure his polo is still tucked in.
“Sleep alright.”
“Well then let me help.”
Steve’s arms tighten around him. When Tony’s tongue slides along the seam of his mouth he opens up and lets his tongue slip in along his. Steve had not been allowed a lot of normal moments in his life, and neither had Tony. But they were still afforded little ones like this. Short moments where they could just bask in touches and kisses. Forget about their chaotic life for a couple minutes.
“About what?” Steve asks as he comes out into the hall and joins Tony on the bench.
“Might I suggest you adopt one of the older boys instead? Babies get adopted all the time. They’ll find a home. But the older kids have a tougher time because they aren’t as cute. I-I think Ivan Smith would be a good fit for you guys. He’s s-smart and really go-good at sports.” Tony smiles as she struggles to form her words clearly and stumbles over certain pronunciations. “But um Richie Volcrum would be good too. He can belch his ABCs backwards. I don’t know about you but I can’t belch past h going forward. Oh and there’s a boy who’s at the same foster home as me that is really good at guitar. I mean he’s still learning and stuff but he’s pretty awesome for six. His name is Lance Alvers.”
Bucky throws up his hands and goes to sit on the couch.
“A little. Give me twenty.” He lays back down and stretches out. He tugs on Mari’s foot. “You go easy on your old man Kiddo.”
She smiles wider. “I know.”
“It was when we were on look out one time...we got to talking...it was cold…you know how hard it was for guys like me back then. When you find someone else...”
“No problem.” She winks and an after image of a younger redhead slices through his head.
“I can’t believe we all could have died while you went hunting for maple syrup.”
His eyes shoot open.
“It’s not like I haven’t already taught her a few,” Natasha says in a dry voice.
Steve walks into the apartment and tosses his motorcycle helmet onto the couch. He rubs at his neck, trying to relieve the tension as he makes his way to the bedroom. He stops short when he sees a blue glow coming from Mari’s room. When he ducks his head in, he sees the glow is coming from the reactor keeping his husband alive. Steve tiptoes in and smiles at the sight of Tony curled around Mari. He sits on the edge and watches them. Steve reaches out and runs a hand down an olive arm.
“Good to know having a kid hasn’t dampened your levels of disgusting.” Sam puts drinks in front of everyone and makes a gagging face towards Mari who giggles.
Mae kneels down and reaches a hand out to stroke her hair only to stop when Mari flinches. She reaches out again but moves slower. She runs her hand through the frizzy hair. “Look at you. You’ve gotten so big since we last saw you. How have you been Mami?”
“Hey!” He moves the container to the other side of the blender and tickles her sides. “You want to ruin dinner too? Mae and Ben would be disappointed.”
“But I wanna see what’s going on.” She climbs onto a chair to look at the read outs Nat brings up.
“Again, internal.”
“Of course he’s awake.” Tony steps out of the elevator with Bruce close on his heels. “I find out my nightmares can kill me and you think-“ He goes silent when his eyes land Bucky. Then in the blink of an eye he’s rushing towards Bucky with a gauntlet flying onto his hand from a standby Ironman suit.
“Now do you think your father let those things stop him when he tried to join the army?”
Thor laughs. “Because the mansion exploded.” With that they launch upward and Bruce avoids looking down.
“Don’t make me strike you in front of your child Stark.”
“You love us and you know it,” Clint says.
“None of this was your fault Mami. None of it,” says Ben.
“Not friends.”
“That’s okay,” Steve says. “You won’t have to do anything you aren’t comfortable with. This is just a way to introduce you to our friends in a…controlled and safe environment.”
“Hey! What are you doing!?!” the agent snaps.
“How many homeless dudes do you know that can afford blue bourbon coffee?”
“Yeah.” He grabs another chair.
“Woah, woah, woah, woah! Kid! Breathe. Geez. You’re gonna have an aneurism before you’re seven if you aren’t careful.” He rubs her shoulders. “Come on. Relax. We are just going to introduce you to some of our friends. Okay? Nothing to freak out about. Starks are always calm under pressure and you’re a Stark now. Remember that.”
Bruce sighs.
Bruce looks up at him with an exasperated look. “That sentence right there should be enough reason for you to keep me down here.”
“Thanks for sharing Jim,” says Sam. “It’s good to hear things are getting better for you. It takes a lot of hard work to get to that point. Takes a lot more to stay there. You remember how I’ve told you that we carry our trauma around with us.” When most of the group nods, he continues. “Well people tend to think that recovery means we slowly unpack, piece by piece. That can be the case, sometimes. But most of the time, we just find better ways to carry it.”
“Yeah. With safety precautions of course.”
“If it’s internal you should be able to see where it’s coming from right?”
“It’s a defeatist attitude like that, that prevents you from getting laid.” She walks down between the warehouses letting her sharp eyes roam over the grungy walls.
Tony winces and only gets about half way down before the burn becomes too much. He lifts himself up and down and twists his hips. Slowly he works himself further and further down Steve’s cock.
“Yes but not the way I love your Dad.”
“People like me don’t deserve one. Besides I gave you pretty much all the pertinent information I had in that folder. I don’t even know who put out the hit yet.”
When Bucky puts his wallet away Steve continues with, “I’ll have the same plus…” He looks to Tony. “Two tofu?”
Steve sighs and hangs his head as realization hits him. “You didn’t tell me because you think I’d say we should help them get custody back.”
She giggles and pushes at his chest. “Stop it Daddy! Your scruffy tickles.”
“Who?”
“We’ve already put a target on her back because of who we are. I need to know if there’s another we can’t see…”
“TONY!” Steve scolds as Mari starts to giggle.
“You son of a-“ A shriek and a loud scraping sound cuts Tony off. “Mari!”
“What?”
“Mr. Barton sir.” Jarvis announces.
And she knew something. He could tell. She was always watching him, especially when she could tell he had a flash. But Natalia always kept her distance. AND HE COULDN’T STOP CALLING HER NATALIA. It didn’t matter how many times he was corrected or how many times he caught himself, his first instinct was to call her Natalia. Oddly enough, she never corrected him. Just gave him a tight frown and turned away. Talk about frustrating.
“But that doesn’t matter now. Now, we are here and we are never letting you go again.” Mae squeezes her tighter.
Meanwhile Mari swings open her bedroom door and runs in. Tony hurries after her. He wonders if he made iron boots for her if the weight would slow her down any. He comes in to find her digging through a drawer for pants. She holds up a pair that are bright turquoise with gawdy colored striping along the cuffs. Tony hated them but Mari and Steve were in love. Although, he suspected Steve only liked them because he knew his husband’s taste in fashion.  She ran to another drawer and pulls out a t-shirt in a similar shade with a rainbow colored atom emblazoned on the front. She turns and holds the articles of clothing up for his approval.
Mari nods causing her fluffy hair to take on an erratic bounce.
The man’s face twists in confusion. “Was any of that English?”
“Then why are you here taking shots AT MY KID!?!”
Captain America loads Strucker into the back of a quinjet to join his fellow HYDRA agents. Once he is restrained the Captain exits the jet and oversees the scene. The Avengers had raided a HYDRA facility and after a surprisingly easy struggle arrested the agents. All of it went down a little too easy for Steve’s liking so he ordered the Avengers to help transfer the prisoners. He glanced around and notices one of his heroes missing.
She throws up her arms, the bear flopping around in her grip. “Papa your back!”
“His name is Chameleon. He’s a Russian spy turned mercenary,” Natasha says as she walks around the table that is projecting an image of the criminal in question.
“PANINIS! YEP! Buck could eat those all day long,” Steve says as Mari comes back inside.
She whips her head around trying to find the source of the voice in the shadows of the trees. When she looks behind her she sees a large man with shaggy brown hair and a thick jacket with dark cargo pants. Her eyes widen at his hulking form before doubling her efforts to escape the tree’s grasp by pulling at her leg harder.
“She…is still learning the concept of boundaries.”
Mae pours him a glass. “Before we continue…Mari…how-how is she?” She hands him the glass with a shaking hand and Tony takes it with a nod of thanks.
“Need to barrow this son.” He swipes the ball out of his stunned hands and throws it as hard as he can. Steve takes off soon after it.
“Mari was under her bed this morning.”
“But something is wrong with Jarvis.”
“You know how it went. I assume you’re the reason my flight magically got bumped to first class?”
He shoots a glare at her. “Now would be a good time to practice.”
“I…I want to be part of your family…”
“H-hi M-Mr. Captain Sir. Hi Mr. Stark.”
“Dismissed. I’ll see you all next week,” Steve says as he gathers up the papers and exits the room filled with laughing superheroes. He hears everyone file out behind him. After handing the paperwork over to the agent and gathering his bag, he heads out to the lobby. He smiles when he sees Tony and Mari and waves. Tony waves back but Mari, who is tangled under Thor’s cape, has not noticed him yet. Steve does not miss Tony’s smile slip when his eyes land on Steve’s sling. Steve puts his finger to his lips to keep Thor and Tony quiet as he sneaks up to the mass under the red fabric.
“I told you to be careful,” says Steve.
“I know myself well enough. And that’s what it would take for me to do what I did.”
“Yeah I know!”
“But you had other friends. You’re a sociable fellow, I’m sure you had other friends you guys hung out with.”
“How about a nice one?”
“That won’t be necessary pip.” Steve kisses him again before doing a quick cleanup of them both.
“Why is the Watch Bug offline!?!” the Count yells.
Steve lowers his voice and says, “I want to lose Mari as much as you do Pip…but they’re her family. Despite how terrible your father was wouldn’t you give anything to see him and your mother again? I know I would if I could see anyone from my old life. Finding out Peggy was still alive, seeing her…Letting Mari see them could do her some good.”
“But everything is okay right? The tower is still functional? Jarvis isn’t going to be down long?”
“Why do you even want to come?” Tony asks, hitching Mari on his hip.
“Sure it is. Watch.” Steve’s arm then shoots out and pulls Bucky into his side. He then starts walking forward, dragging Bucky forward like a cat trying to avoid a bath. “Hey Nat! Clint!”
“Who the fuck are you?” he asks.
“Yeah. First Canadian Army. Special Forces. Helped us out in Poland with those P.O.W.s.”
“I have to go Tony. I love you.”
“But I do need my best friend.” Steve holds out a hand. “Come with me. We’ll sort all this out. We’ll take care of this problem together and then you can start a new life.”
Tony turns to Mari. “Mari run! Get out of here now!”
“Daddy?”
“It’s right over in the kitchen here.” Steve takes her hand and leads her to the kitchen. He sits her at the breakfast bar.
“Can’t say I do.” He reaches forward and starts picking up her crayons for her.
“Then get her the toy just for that. Don’t say you’ll get it if she’s good.” Steve moves her arm away from the machine and onto the small table next to the bed when Callaghan signals she’s done.
“Mari!”
Tony goes still. He knows that tone. He looks over his shoulder at him suspicious. “Is there something I’d rather do?”
Bruce brings up a new file from the batch. As he scans over the information and schematics he furrows his brow. “Maybe Steve isn’t the one with a hit out on him…” He then brings up another set of files from a past data recovery. He selects the two files he wants and projects them to the center of the table. “Does anyone see the difference between these two schematics?”
“Actually Agent Barton, Agent Romanov requires your presence downstairs,” says Jarvis.
“I’m not going to lie Pip. I freaked out, nearly throttled an agent when we got here because he wasn’t giving me the information I needed fast enough. Today was scary, for all of us, but it’s not going to happen again. Because we won’t let it.”
“…you could have come to me and Tony if you were scared. We don’t mind getting woken up.”
Mari looks back out at the city skyline. “I get sick a lot…”
(See the end of the chapter for
They all share a look before Bucky says, “A few memories are starting to come back to me. Ones where I’m married to Nat...”
Tony opens his mouth to shoot back a retort only to be interrupted by a yawn. “Okay fine. But you still need a plan.”
“No offense Babe, but advanced computer algorithms are little more complex than quilting patterns.”
Steve pulls the hood of the towel up over Mari’s head and wraps the towel around her. He runs his hands along her shoulders and arms to sop up the water on her skin.
Steve gives him a hard glare. “We do not speak of that age.”
“No swearing on the same floor as the munchkin.” Sam holds the door open for Bucky as they enter the stairwell. “You owe the swear jar a dollar. Cap’s orders.”
“You mean like how to guzzle food like Kirby?” Sam asks when he glances over at the kitchen.
“That we-“ Steve sighs. “Do we have to start this argument again so soon? I just want to go to the park with my husband and daughter. Please. After yesterday-“
“You’re lucky little one,” the deep raspy voice hisses. “It seems I have to leave you now. But know this, if you tell anyone about me I’ll rip you limb from limb. Slowly.”
“Don’t I-“ The rest of his sentence gets swallowed as Steve crushes their mouths together.
Bruce glances at Mari before leaning toward Steve and Tony. He whispers, “The stimulant works better the longer it has been in the system, given a chance to adjust. The more it settles the stronger the reaction from your body. With your medical history, you’re likely to die of a heart attack before exhaustion.”
“Well I mean…” Steve shifts from foot to foot for moment before taking a deep breath and straightening his back. “With everything that’s happened we thought-“
Steve jerks forward and picks up the pot. How did he miss that? “Let me get that ma’am. I’ll set it on counter.” He starts to turn away before jerking back. “Oh where are my manners? We haven’t properly met.” He moves the pot into one arm and holds out his hand. “I’m Captain Steve Rogers.” Mae takes his hand and gives it a small shake before he takes Ben’s hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Ma’am, sir.”
“Goodnight.” Steve kisses her forehead. “Sweet dreams.” He goes to the door.
A low rumbling growl causes her body to stiffen. She turns slowly to look behind her as tears form in her eyes. The door to the closet creaks open and a bulky shape leans out of the door frame. Black shadow stretched over the hulking mass of a coiled predator. Sharp pointed fingers slide over the door and inky lips stretch across white needle like teeth into a wide smile. When a small whimper escapes past her lips the growl turns to a quiet, deep chuckle.
“Oh, that’s right. That did not even occur to me. Poor Steve. I’ve been there more than I care to admit.”
“The East side has been cleared,” Falcon says, coming up to the doorway.
“If you try and tell me this isn’t my fault I’m going to be the one hulking out.” He shoots Bruce a glare.
He turns in time to see her toss him something and vanish upward. He catches it and smiles at the grappler. He leans over the railing and fires the grapple upward. When it catches he hits the retractor and zips up after them.
“What?”
“Well jokes on you because I only have those freak outs after her bed time. So ha.”
He was forgetting Mari.
“Stupid! Stupid! STUPID!” She screams before scrambling out of the bean bag and running under Dr. Krevin’s large oak desk.
“No. Clint and Sam did another sweep around the coordinates we got, still just abandoned warehouses.”
“Come out from under there.”
“Whatever gets you here I guess. Trust me, it may not sound like it’ll do you much good but these sessions really do help.”
“I’m not going to hurt her,” Bucky mumbles.
“Would you mind joining us for the last portion of our session?” Dr. Krevin asks.
As they round a corner Steve sees what he has been dreading. The edge of the park and the start of the city. Bucky cuts along the line of scrimmage in a football game as the players throw themselves at each other. They jerk to a stop at the sudden interruption and create a mob of people to be clustered in Steve’s path. Instead of dancing around Steve stops by the young man holding the football.
“Yes. I’m an Osborne. You’re a Stark. We don’t get along.”
“Well believe it or not seeing her father shoot off into the trees after a mysterious stranger kind of upset her. So combine that with no sleep, the temperament of a small child, and refusing to eat her midmorning snack she was a little fussy. To put it mildly.”
“Hm? Oh yeah. I’ve been thinking…”
Tony glances at the sheet and scoffs. “Not even qualified to do Thor’s taxes.”
Sam burst out into laughter as they pass Natasha on the stairs.
“When do I ever? Give me my phone.”
“Social worker.” Sam stands and waves him towards the hallway where the entrance to the stairwell is. “We should go.”
Steve stands and Tony steps up to his side.
They get up to the seventy fifth floor in a fraction of the time. Before Steve even comes to a complete stop he swings over the railing and marches straight into the SHIELD Nerve Center. Everyone is busy and moving around like a hive. His eyes scan over the tops of everyone until he finds the styled brown hair he is looking for. He makes a beeline for him and as he gets closer he can hear Tony’s raised voice.
“Just checking…” She stares at her feet with a pout.
“Go Mets!”Mari shouts.
“Maybe they’re working on the three strikes system?” Clint asks.
“But you can call me Granny.” She leans down and smiles.
“There’s no stopping the nanites. Even if they aren't active they're programmed to multiply faster than they can be flushed out. Which means they will always be there. You may have stopped me today but I will get out again. And I can build as many machines, like this one, as I need until one day you just can’t save him.”
“I know, we can leave once we get you and Daddy patched up.” Steve runs a hand up and down her back.
“Really Clint?” Bruce asks.
“Well there’s Juli Albatross she’s the fastest puzzle piecer togetherer I know. And then there’s Winivere Clothem who tells the funniest jokes. Like,” she pauses to snicker. “Like what is a goose’s least,” she breaks off to snicker again. “What is a goose’s least favorite pie?”
Tony looked up from his phone. Dr. Krevin was standing by the door to his office with his hands clasped behind his back and an over extended smile.
“You know me so well.” Tony leans forward and turns the radio playing AC/DC up a little louder.
“Get a room!” Sam and Bucky groan.
“It’s…complicated…”
The Captain exhales the breath he is holding. So they were not under attack but something was still wrong. “Tony wouldn’t allow the system to be shut down while we were on a mission. He wouldn’t risk missing a distress call.”
“You’re going to get caught before you can hack through my security.” Natasha glances over her shoulder to see him smirking. “When the guards find you your program won’t even-WHAT!?!” He stares at the screen in horror as the desktop shows up. “H-how!?!”
“And we drop the case in exchange?” Mae arches an eyebrow in suspicion.
“Did pretty well last time.”
The tech rolls his eyes before turning around to face the fuming man. “Don’t know yet.”
“No, no Kiddo. Uncle Bucky is a good friend of Papa’s.”
“No!” Nefaria shouts as Cap drags him away from the machine. “Impossible! What have you done to my creations!”
Tony clenches his jaw and stares at his husband.
She curls her finger over the edge. “It’s heavy.”
“You were on Adderall?” Steve asks and quirks a brow at him.
“Thank you.” Steve turns back to the table to see Tony gathering all of the sheets of paper into one pile. All of them. “What are you doing?”
“But Aunt Peg-Peggy gave me-me that one,” she says between hiccupping sobs.
“Think the big guy can keep her distracted long enough?” Tony asks against his lips.
“Well within what we expected then. Shall we proceed with the last treatment?”
“That’s rich. He used to swear like a sailor having a bad day.”
Steve looks between the two. “What head?”
Bucky gives him an exasperated look. “Is that how we’re just gonna be?”
He jerks to a stop and looks up. He looks between Natasha and the badly beaten man a few times with wide eyes. Then Natasha jabs her captive in the side of his neck with a widow bite. As he jolts and falls to the ground unconscious the hipster scrambles to get to the lift. As he slips in and reaches to slam the alarm, Natasha slides in and pushes him into the back wall. She steps forward and grips his sweater. With a flick of her wrist her widow bites crackle with electricity. “DON’T KILL ME I’LL TELL YOU EVERYTHING! YOU WANT TO NOW ABOUT THE COUNT!?! I’LL TELL YOU ALL ABOUT THE COUNT! I WILL ROLL FASTER THAN A-“ He goes stock still when Nat lays a finger against his mouth.
“Please tell me you didn’t also restart the connection to the nanites when you were slacking off.” Nefaria says as he runs to the computer.
“You didn’t even know he was here.”
“And that this was a trap, probably.” Mari says, looking around the office.
“No. Don’t. I’ve got an itching feeling.” Tony taps his foot.
Steve leans over and whispers, “Yeaaah. Bucky used to get like that too after a few shots of moonshine.” He turns back to Mari. “Well, did you and the absolute mess want a snack?”
“Look at you, a few cook books and a couple Rachael Ray marathons and you’re a professional.”
“Yeah I know! But I didn’t see the bug much before she did. That didn’t give me a lot of time to identify it. HYDRA has a whole range of those things. It could have been equipped to do anything from surveillance to assassination. I had to take it out before she did something stupid. Which of course she was going to do because she’s YOUR kid.” Bucky jabs a finger at him. “Couldn’t stay out of trouble if your life depended on it. Literally.”
Sam coughs and Mari looks up at him. He widens his stance a bit so he has a foot close to the table. He looks at it pointedly. She smiles and steps on his boot. It only raises her a couple inches but it’s enough to see what the projection beads are displaying. He holds out his hand so she can grip it for stability. Steve catches Sam’s eye but the other hero only shrugs his shoulders and looks at the display.
“No! I didn’t want them to put it in me the first time! Go away!”
“Boy I hope so.” Steve surges forward pressing Tony into the small partition separating shoes and accessories from Tony’s clothes. He ducks his head and sucks at a spot over the pulse in Tony’s neck and slots his leg in between the genius’ thighs. He smirks when Tony grinds against his leg and moans.
“OHOHOHHOT! FUCKING HOT!”
“I think Ms. Potts’ secretary had suffered a head injury when the intruder broke in to her office.”
“She’s not that keen on the therapy. And she gets so drained afterwards,” says Steve.
“So let me get this straight. You think Mari is the love child of a super spy and an evil scientist and may have been trained to infiltrate our family?” The smile on his face slips away as Tony stays quiet. “Tony?”
“That will take quite a bit of time sir.”
The girl spins on her heal and marches down the hall.
She averts her eyes.
“You want to tell me why Mari felt the need to explain the mechanics of a dishwasher to me?” Steve whispers into Tony’s ear, giving it a playful bite.
Tony surges back up and captures his husband’s mouth. He bites and sucks at Steve’s lower lip and the soldier cannot stop the groan it pulls out of him. Tony reaches up and runs his hands through Steve’s sweaty blonde locks, ruffling his helmet hair.
He arches an eyebrow at her. “And I want a camaro.”
Tony glances back at the dosiere in his hand and stares at the pictures of kids in a very clinical looking classroom.
She reaches out to Tony as he passes but he gives her a kiss to her head before following Steve. When Ms. Flander sits on the couch Mari moves to the other end, glaring daggers at her.
He sighs and looks over his shoulder. “I’ll give you a hint. I’m only a little closer than I was when you asked ten minutes ago. Now hush.” The tech turns back to the screen.
“Bottoms up?”
“Because they’ve been fighting the court decision that said they were unfit guardians. Filed yet another complaint this week.” Tony says.
“Nobody says we’d have to give up custody but maybe she’d like to see them.”
Sam stares blankly before asking, “…..how old are you again?”
“From ‘the look’?”
“Did he say who he was?” Steve hands Tony the folder so he can look through it as well.
It never really used to bother Steve that they were always hounded by photographers. Yeah he didn’t enjoy it but with the USO show, then coming back from the dead, THEN going out with Tony he had gotten used to it. They were following him because of all the choices he had made. But now they had Mari and it annoyed him that he couldn’t just go to the park or the zoo with her without having a camera shoved in his face. Or her’s. The media seemed fascinated with the little orphan girl that was adopted by the gay supers. They’d already had to pay for three cameras because photographers had come up to Mari on the playground and outside the building she went to therapy at and started taking pictures and demanding answers. Like what it was like to be adopted by Captain America and Ironman and if she was scared the bad guys would ever come for her. That last one had sent her into a panicked mess and Steve had nearly hurdled the man through a wall. Pepper was good about getting restraining orders but when you could only file them against individuals and not the whole damn mob that made things slow going. They tried to avoid it all together and keep as low a profile a possible.
“Bruce and I will keep digging through these schematics,” says Nat. “You and Sam start narrowing the list.”
She takes a deep breath and climbs to her feet. She lowers a shaky foot to the next step and moves from the railing, slowly releasing her grip. As she steps away, the structure gives another loud groan and jerks. She yelps and flings back to the railing.
She looks to Steve. “Really?”
“You honestly think I’m worried how this will affect just the two of us?”
“Yeah but you’re not going to like it,” Clint says as the motorcyclist takes a sharp turn into an alley with Sam hot on his trail turning perpendicular to the ground to fit between the buildings.
“Now come on.  Settle down. You’re just going to take a quick nap. Daddy and I will be right there when you wake up.” He takes her uninjured arm and holds it in a firm grip out to the medic.
Tony pulls the lid off the box to check the cake inside. “Just go introduce yourselves to the munchkin.”
“He helped me get my foot loose. He said he was a friend of Papa’s and that it was important I give you that.”
"Count Nefaria. We've had some run-ins with him over the years," Steve says.
“Mari?”
“No.” He pulls her fingers from her hair and envelopes her hand in his. “Pops is just…this is something he needs to take care of.”
He glares at her. “You.”
“Another!?!”
Tony pouts at him but says, “Notice how there is a lot of information for Peter but not a lot for his wife?”
“She does know she can come into our room right?”
Mari pouts her lips in thought before answering slowly, “….does C# count?”
“A five year old what?”
Nat reaches into her jacket’s inside pocket and pulls out a baggie with a large caliber bullet inside. She tosses it and he scrambles to catch it. Clint hides his smile by eating another hand full of popcorn. Bruce dumps the bullet into his hand to examine it closer. His eyebrows raise when he sees the red star painted on the bottom. He looks to Nat.
“You forgot your things!” Mari calls after her. “...Meanie head…”
“To be honest I’d rather face the Doombots.”
Mari was a gift to the super couple but the two had somewhat mourned the hit their sex life had taken. They were used to spontaneous bouts of sex brought on by a brush of a hand or a sideways glance. Now with a curious child roaming the apartment, they had to strategically plan even their evening rounds. And those too were often interrupted when Jarvis alerted them to Mari waking violently from nightmares.
“I’d be honored.” She takes a cookie and breaks it in half. She holds one half out to Mari. “I won’t tell if you won’t.”
Steve hangs up and puts the phone into one of the pouches on his belt. He slides his tongue into Tony’s gasping mouth. Steve clutches him close, reveling in the rise and fall of his husband’s chest and the small hum of the arc reactor vibrating between them.
“Still p-“ He glances at the stern frown Steve gives him. “Proper angry someone messed with my tower.”
Steve looks straight at Tony when Bruce says the word nightmares. Tony couldn’t even close his eyes lately without being tormented by inner demons. He had noticed the nightmares were appearing more often but Steve had attributed that to stress and Tony’s anxiety. He had been looking at natural causes. Not…whatever this was.
“Yeah. They’re nice.”
“Steve?” Tony struggles harder against the pressure.
Tony kneels down beside her. “This is Petunia Rhodes. She’s Rhodey’s mom.”
“Incase,” Tony repeats.
“Went into effect when she stepped outside sir,” Jarvis says from above.
“Good.” Tony straightens up and Steve frowns at him. “Start with a scan of Pep’s computer. Then I want you to scr-“
He laughs. “Go get some towels and help clean this up.”
“Then can we use one of them instead of sending me all over New York on wild goose chases?” Sam asks as he walks in before collapsing on the couch they keep along the back wall.
“I’m just gonna…” Steve flails a hand towards the hall. Then he is skirting around the couch and darting out of the room.
“The tower’s security has been compromised. I was ordered to retrieve your daughter.”
“Nope. Not even a hint,” says Bucky.
“Ha!”
“All teenagers have hormones Steve; at least in girls we can combat it with chocolate. As for the periods….well….we can ask Pepper.”
She puts her gun back in its holster. Then she leans against the wall. As the hobo comes around the corner with his gun drawn, she grips his arm and flips him onto the ground. With a twist his wrist cracks causing the gun to fall from his grip and she kneels onto his throat.
“Holding Peggy’s hand doesn’t count.”
At that moment the elevator doors open. Mari’s runs out, down the hall, and into the main living area. There’s a large sixty inch TV mounted into an entertainment center with two plush couches and a matching arm chair facing it. Across from that is a kitchen with a breakfast bar and all the latest appliances. There was a small table with chairs just off to the side of that. But the main feature was the back wall. The entire wall was a shock proof glass that looked onto the large deck and the city beyond it. Mari runs up and presses herself against the glass.
“There was more damage than we anticipated...”
Mae and Ben exchange looks and Tony watches as they seem to have a silent conversation. But then Mae turns and holds out a hand. “Very well Mr. Stark. You have a deal.”
Her tense shoulders relax and she lowers the shield when she sees only her clothes and shoes on the other side. He frowns when she rushes in and grabs the closest jacket and shoes. On her way out she shuts the door and shakes the handle to make sure it’s firmly closed. Once assured her frown immediately turns into a smile and she holds the articles up for examination.
Clint turns in time to have a pair of very smelly socks thrown in his face. He frowns and sets the game controller down so he can move them not so close to smelling range.
“And how are you going to do that shorty?” The bully shoves Mari down.
“Okay.” She stands and moves towards the playground only to pause to look at him with a hesitant look.
As they come closer Valencia hears their footsteps and turns. “Oh Mari! I’m so glad to see you’re okay.”
“Walk please.” He gathers up her towel and hangs it on its hook when he passes the bathroom.
“Bucky?” Steve lets go of the acceleration on his bike in shock. Why would Bucky be shooting at them?
“I will have you know, I am very capable at this whole Dad thing,” Steve says with a pout.
“I think so,” says Bucky.
“We have a who and a motive,” says Nat. “Some of the data we recovered we’ve recovered before. From Count Nefaria.”
Her tense shoulders slowly start to droop. “You...think you drove me away?”
“You’re staying here,” Steve says.
“You’ve been having a lot of nightmares lately,” says Steve. “Everything okay?”
She shoots a panicked look at him then down at the page again. “U-um…no…no it’s nothing! Don’t look!”
Okay, Bucky had to admit he wasn’t exactly happy she had hurt the kid. Yeah he had it coming but the kid didn’t look much older than Mari. He couldn’t blame her for knowing how to win a fight though. It was more than what Steve knew back in the day.
“Ooooooo.” Tony slides onto the couch next to Sam. He gives Bucky a smirk that would put the cheshire cat to shame. “A lady number?”
Tony chuckles and runs a hand over the glowing reactor. “I take it that means I’m checked out to hop back in the suit?”
Sam rolls his eyes and leaves.
Tony smirks down at Mari and says, “Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.”
The hammering in his chest slows as he focuses on his husband’s voice. Steve rubs small circles with his thumb over the back of Tony’s hand watching him. When he feels the tightness in his chest ease he tangles his fingers in Steve’s shirt.
Tony nods and Mari pouts.
OMG talk about the writer's block from hell. I kind of wrote myself into a hole and didn't know how to get out. Finally worked it out though and I have a more concrete plan now. Who knew flying by the seat of your pants wasn't always the best idea?
Nat nudges Clint aside and takes control of the holotable. The map changes to a world map with six diamonds floating over certain places. Four are scattered across Europe, one is near Tokyo, and another is on the east coast of the U.S. "These are all the know locations we have for Count Nefaria."
Nat with Clint on the back of her bike comes to a stop beside Steve’s. Thor flies through and lands next to Bruce as the frazzled scientist shuts off Steve’s bike.
and give them some love. It inspired one of the scenes in this chapter.
Her grip tightens around her cup and Ben rubs circles into her back.
“And I thought I told you to do your job. And yet, last I heard, Stark is flouncing around!”
It disappears into the drawer as Steve comes in with some of Mari’s clothes draped over his shoulder. “Pip did Mari come in here?”
Bucky waits. And waits. When the pile starts to rise above the rim he tries to swipe at the box. “Hey! Leave me some!”
“I changed a lot to fit into this time but my mother always taught me you don’t cuss in front of a lady, and dang it, people are gonna treat my girl like a gosh darn lady.” Steve stuffs a large bite of eggs in his mouth.
“Um...yeah. I’m his friend but...I’m not the man you read about at the museum.”
Bucky sighs and takes another swig. “Okay. I’ll talk to her as soon as I get a chance.”
Clint deflates. “N-no. Hawkeye…”
“Last night I was pissed because I had three hours of sleep and he pulled his usual bullshit where he makes decisions that affect US without asking me first. Steve is in the dog house because he’s Steve. Not anything you did.”
He looks back one more time before taking a seat on the bench and setting the used wipes aside. “Nope.”
“It is now.” Bucky leans back and starts guzzling milk straight from the carton.
“…if you want to come check out this stuff too you can lay her down in Steve and I’s bedroom. But make sure you bring the bear down with you. She wakes up and finds his cotton brain matter still all over the place she is going to have a meltdown.” With that he struts down to his lab.
“Women can be good with computers too Tony.”
“Because when are you ever wrong?” Steve smiles at the withering look Tony shoots at him. “They’re her family Tony and she was only taken away because they couldn’t afford to take care of her. Not that they wouldn’t.”
“Ours?”
“Do you even know what phallic means?” he asks.
Bucky blanched. “WHAT? Why would you think that I was-well…okay I guess it was a little close for comfort.”
Tony and Steve share a look. Tony looks to Mari and says, “Why don’t you and Sam go finish breakfast out on the deck. You can bird watch with him and he can tell you bird facts.”
“No. I thought he was the man from your exhibit but he said he wasn’t even though he looked like he was. And he REALLY looked like he-“
“Well why can’t you?” She arches a brow at Mari.
“Yeah, after spending literal years dancing around each other,” Clint says. “He doesn’t have time to drool after Nat for the next five years.”
“What? Was that not the right thing to say?”
Tony leans back when a large arm wraps around his chest and pulls him backwards. He’s about to protest when Steve speaks into the phone. “Have Nat and Pepper take over Jarvis. Tony is going to be off for at least today and tomorrow.”
“I’m still standing aren’t I?” He smirks and lunges at her again.
“They won’t replace you-“
“Okay!” She bounces off the bed and he catches her to lower her onto the ground. She grabs her Bucky Bear and runs out of the room.
The chirping starts up again and is cut off with another beep. Mari watches as the looming figure moves to the window and disappears out it. She does not dare move. She stays under the bed and tries her best to muffle her sobs into the carpet.
“I heard that…” a voice grumbles.
Tony throws up his hands. “You’ll spoil lunc-oh who am I kidding.” He follows behind them to the stand. When he comes up to Steve, he intwines their fingers.
Bucky sighs and rubs at his neck. “Yeah. For a few weeks. When I heard about the hit I came back to New York. To keep an eye out. See if I could scare off who ever put the hit out.”
Tony pulls out the bag of kasha crackers and sets them in front of her as well. “Come on, the smoothie isn’t that bad.” He takes a swig and cannot stop the involuntary gag. He glances down at her unamused expression and puts the thermos back in the bag. “I said it wasn’t that bad not the best tasting.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re supposed to be spending time with your daughter during your vacation. Not working.”
“Papa’s not home yet.”
Steve leans in and presses his lips to Tony in a quick touch and turns to Mari. “Hey Kiddo. Kiddo. Mari!”
Mari curls up in a ball and mumbles behind her knees, “I’m not supposed to do what strangers tell me to.”
“Banner. Calm down. Just no sudden movements and she won’t attack. I think.” He glances over his shoulder to smirk at Bruce who gives him an unamused look.
Mari would have to stay in the guest bedroom though while it was being built. While necessary, the room was much further from his and Steve’s than he would like. He could probably survive sleeping on a blow up mattress for a few weeks. Wait. No way Steve is letting that fly-
“Well chop, chop!” Mari barks at them while she squints at the page in front of her. “I want a ¼ cup of cra-canola oil melted over med…medium heat! With onion! And…and garlic! And get that oven to four hundred degrees! AND WHO PAINTED THE ROSES RED!?!”
“Nope. I’m gonna be a big girl.” Tony takes the shield from her and she goes to the pile of clothes resting on the bed.
“Daddy.”
“It’s rude to barge into someone’s lab without permission,” says Mari as Tony walks into the lab.
Bucky sighs. “Fine.”
“Oh. I mean. No. I am heart broken. I will never heal from such an assault to…um…my…um…sensitivities…” She stares at a rotating desk ornament on Pepper’s desk. “Can I play with your weird Ferris wheel toy?”
Steve opens his mouth to reply but Tony interrupts. “Don’t worry about it big guy.” Tony swoops up the folder and gives Steve a pointed glare. “This conversation was over.” He turns on his heel and goes out onto the deck.
“I would.” Tony smirks and kisses his husband’s cheek.
Tony scoops up Mari and they walk in to see the team surrounding the game system. Hulk is towering over Thor with Clint hanging from his neck in a pathetic attempt to stop him from attacking the god.
“Jarvis-“ Tony is cut off when Steve smothers him with his lips.
“Where is Pops gonna sleep then?”
“Daddy has parties with me.” Mari climbs into the chair across the end table from her.
Steve’s stomach drops but he simply falls into Captain mode. The Captain does not lose his head, remains focused and calm no matter the situation. “Why? Is it on our end?”
“No,” says Bucky.
“Papa?” she asks again.
The ding of the elevator makes her jump. When she looks up from her feet the doors are opening. She freezes when she sees the people on the other side. Staring back at her are her Aunt Mae and Uncle Ben. She doesn’t know what to make of what’s in front of her. Her mind stopped working and the blood rushing in her head was deafening. Her mouth opens and closes. Was this a trap? She looks to Steve and Tony but they just smile and nod toward the older couple, keeping their distance.
She pulls back and frowns. “You have a booboo.”
“I’m sure he’s just going to check some of their old spots.” Natasha says to Tony over Mari’s crying. “That shouldn’t take him too long.”
"You know, when she starts asking about where babies come from I'm going to get my revenge. And I'm going to be petty about it."
“I want to go home.”
Mari peeks at him and looks him up and down. “You’re very loud when you make an entrance.”
“Actually Tony,” Steve interrupts. “I was going to set Bucky up in the spare bedroom.”
“What?”
Steve nods. He should not really be surprised. The amount of information they had been given consisted of mostly her medical information, past incidents with foster families, and the reason she had been removed from her great Aunt and great Uncle. The rest of her information was annoyingly either missing from their databases or stashed away in some unorganized archive on paper. It had driven the inventor up a wall when he had tried to look into Mari’s family history. Steve supposed he now knew why his husband had seemed to have dropped the issue overnight.
“No, no more than before, and no.” Tony buttons up his dress shirt.
“Better now that I’m home.” Steve says keeping his voice low so Mari will not hear them from where she is playing. He wraps his good arm around his husband’s waist and runs his fingers up and down Tony’s side. He captures his husband’s lips with a deep kiss.
“If you’re not careful your face is gonna get stuck like that.” He reaches out and flicks her nose.
She reaches up and pulls at her hair. “Did I do something wrong?”
Steve nods. “Thank you.”
“Ugh. Please don’t use that word right now. Having a tiny human call me that has ruined all sexual connotation it once held.”
“Ow!” Mari yelps when Callaghan removes the splint from her arm.
It wasn’t all terrible though. He found watching the little squirt helped release some of the tension. She was uncomplicated. Aside from when she spewed math and science jargon at him. Watching her was easy. Make sure she didn’t swallow anything and keep her away from keyboards. And Mari had warmed up quite a bit to him. She enjoyed reading the Captain America comics with him and hearing his version of events and sticking magnets to his arm. One time it took him an hour to realize everyone was giggling at him because she had written lady killer in magnet letters on his arm. It took him another hour to dig himself out of that hole when Steve demanded how she learned that term. Tony was wary at first, always hovering nearby, watching to make sure nothing went wrong. But eventually he relaxed when Mari started calling him her second favourite Uncle James.
Tony was laid in the medical room. Staples in his head and a bandage wrapped around it. He was staring at the cieling until he heard the medical room door open. Then his eyes shot to it. Steve walked over to the man and smiled.
"What for?"
Steve wasn't an idiot. He knew Tony was struggling. Tony struggled with a lot of things. Sleep was a massive one of those things. But he never told Steve anything. It hurt him a little bit. He felt like Tony never trusted him, but he knew that wasn't true. Tony trusted Steve more than he trusted anybody else. He had even agreed to move into the males room with him.
A grumble came from Bruce as he opened his eyes.
"You look terrible." I laughed. He smiled a little then walked over to me. He hugged me tightly and buried his head into me. I didn't understand what was happening. I didn't know what was wrong with him, or why he decided to vanish to the garage for a week. But I wasn't about to ask him. Whatever was going on inside his head, I didn't want to bring it up and make it worse.
"But I just hurt Daddy." Steve sighed and picked the young boy up.
The bathtub. Thats where he put me. He locked me in the bathroom, wouldn't let me out until I had washed. This was turning into some of the kinky jobs I have had in the past. Afterwards, he had laid out some pyjamas for me. I think this was all a scheme so he could keep an eye on me.
Tony cuddled his teddy closely afterwards because his daddy had gone to fill his bottle up.
They were led into rooms which had ensuit bathrooms. This place where the tentacle monster lived was extremely civilised. There was only 1 creature though, so why it needed a place like this alluded the three men that were currently accompanying it. The mosnter led each guy to a seperate room and told them all to go shower. Clint, however, didn't trust the place. Bruce went to shower because he felt awkward and Tony had to shower because no matter how good that river was, he stunk massively and it was burning his nostrils.
"You're moving in with me until I deem you fit to look after yourself without doing this to yourself!" he held my arm up, showing me my scars. Each scar was just a reminder of the way I f***ed up my life.
Tony started to panic again.  Steve got it from that. There were a lot of men in the war that had to come home because they had similar symptoms. They were unfit to work.
"Yeah." He whispered. It was good to hear him talk.
fun. At least thats what Tony thinks about it. When Bruce and him get in the lab together
"We made it to the bottom floor before the building fell."
He was up for that. Tony spent a few hours reading his son to sleep before there was a knock on Patrick's bedroom door.
"Clean." He said. Steve picked up the smaller male and carried him to his room, trying to avoid everyone else. He was trying to avoid questions. He got Tony comfortable in a clean pair of underwear and some pyjama bottoms. He didn't think that jeans were suitable for a child. Tony looked so innocent like this, and he certainly looked happy. The only time he looked this happy as an 'adult' was when he had made a breakthrough with his machines.  Steve didn't really understand Tony a lot of the time, and to him, this was probably the most normal thing he had seen the man do.
Steve watched his comrades fight, but he didn't do anything to help. He couldn't. Tony was curling up around him. He squirmed around in pain. His ass was bleeding. His soul was damaged. Steve couldn't help but feel bad for him. Tony's hands clung onto Steve's shirt, making the soldier worry a bit.
"No!" He called out.
"A door. I'm going to open it." She shot at the door's hinges then grabbed it and pulled it off the wall. She walked through.
"Tony-"
Bruce tried, but Hulk refused to come out. Clint looked at him.
Behind him was another muscular man. He wasn't as built as the blonde though. He had dark hair and dark eyes. He scared me, just a little bit.
"I really hoped you wouldn't be as awkward as the others." Then I remembered where I had seen this man before. He was in the news. Wanted for r*ping and murderering 4 prostitutes. I backed up from him.
I think Nat is next, but if you want a different character just say. Characters not done so far is Thor, Bucky, Steve (technically) Nat, Loki, and I was thinking I could do Dr Strange too even though hes not an original Avenger.
The clock stroke 5. Tony's sessions were ending in half an hour. Steve would be there at 5:30 prompt. The guy had until then. Tony looked around the room to see if there was something which could help him. He kicked away from the man and got up, running into the kitchen. He grabbed a knife and held it out.
"Yes of course."
"Okay. I made you a present." he squealed and dragged Tony out of the room. He had put some pipe cleaners and googly eyes onto a toilet roll tube. He smiled happily at his dad. "Do you like it?"
"Come on" he whispered and went towards the ladders up. He started to climb but there was some kind of gunk on it now. He couldn't open it. "Bruce. Do you think you could Hulk out and get us out of here?"
"I love it!" He hugged him. Tony displayed the tube on the mantal piece to show it off for everyone to see.
At that moment, I felt like running away. I wanted to run away and be a homeless person- but I'd never make it as a homeless person. I didn't know what to do. My feet were frozen and then out of the ashes, came my father.
"Where are you?" Nat asked.
Natasha couldn't fight any more. She was loosing a lot of blood. She put her hand over her injury and then struggled to her feet. Tearing her shirt, she put it over her shoulder and looked at everyone. Even though she was in a
him Patrick.
"Yes sir. Sorry sir." My sexual submissive side showing.
"Come" the creature said. It went into the water, stayed there for a few seconds then put its head under and came out on the other side. It was a way of cleaning off before entering the white building.
"Don't go to sleep." Steve said. "We need you awake." He took Tony's hand and kissed his cheek. "It's going to be alright." Steve said to Patrick with a smile. Patrick nodded and hugged Steve.
"Everything alright? You wanted me here. Wait, have you eaten anything today? Or had a drink? Why are you here? Why did you get me to come here?" Tony held his hand up.
I leave at the end of the session sore. I go home. I get a bath and try to soak up the feeling of disgust. My body doesn't ever come clean. I am disgusting.
"Yes it is..."
Tony wasn't in school the next day either. Maybe he was sick. That's what I thought. But when he didn't show up on the third day, I started to worry. By the fourth day, I went round to his house. His parents didn't know where he was. His mother was worried. I was worried. Where could he be?
"Yeah I know." Clint said and stuck his fingers into the jar anyway. He did that when he had no intention on leaving any. Tony sipped at his coffee.
"Yeah..." I mumbled.
"Tony!" She called out.
Tony smacked his head a few times before getting back to work. He had loud music blasting throughout the tower, and no one there to stop it. Until Steve came back. He turned the music down and walked into the lab.
All I saw was red. The next thing I knew he was unconcious on the floor and Tony was clinging to me shaking. I called the police and, by Tony's request, took him home. He needed to be looked after.
"Please don't make me do this." Tony mumbled. Pepper had been signalled and was on her way. Tony didn't want to face her. She'd make him tell her what was going on in his head, and it would make things worse because what happened included her. He became a superhero to protect her. She was the one who made him get the plane to Afghanistan. She was there watching when he cancelled the weapons manifacuring in the company. She was on call to him when Obi took the arc reactor from his chest. She was there throughout the fight between him and Obi. She was a jinx to be honest. And Tony didn't want to face her.
"Tony, I want you to come with me tonight." He said.
"No. My parents know where I am." He said. He had a big smile on his face that made me want to both kiss him and hit him.
gone to sleep. Cap sent out a memo to the other avengers, telling them to meet him in the kitchen for an emergancy team meeting. Everyone was there already when Steve walked in.
Seeing Steve today though. It was amazing. We just hung out, I bought him a shirt... That guy loves skin tight clothing. But then he had to ruin it.
He put his hand up to his ear.
When I went to work, I was glad to have him. Especially after what happened on a Monday. I don't remember the date. I just remember seeing the word 'monday' as it happened.
A new client walked in ready to book his appointments. A big muscular man. I had seen him some place before, but I couldn't remember where. He sat on a chair in front of me.
Tony was in there trying to get the power back on.  He was having no luck.
"This is why I should have quit years ago" I mumbled. "Its all my fa-"
"No buts. It's bedtime" he tucked him into bed.
"Fury says that if...he? Isn't dead, then they will come after Tony and Patrick." Natasha rubbed her hands together. Steve looked at her.
"BING!" He laughed.
I got home that night and my mother was waiting for me. She seemed concerned.
His lips were chapped. He looked pale. It was definitly time to go home. I offered my hand and he took it. He wasn't speaking, but I didn't know if he could right now. I took him home.
"I'll pay you double." That didn't mean I was okay with it. I had never been with more than one person at a time. I didn't like this.
"No. You're daddy." He said. He got out of Steve's grip and ran out of the room crying. Steve followed him but then decided to leave him alone because he had ran into Natasha. Nat could look after him. Instead, Steve went to check on Tony.
"The others? Look, sir, if you want my services you have to follow the rules." He walked over to me, he was so much taller.
I watched Steve walked away. My chest sank. I really did need friends here. I had no one. It took guts for me to get out of the car right now. I made my way to class. Steve was in the class. I hadn't realised that before. To make things worse, Pepper had said she wasn't going to be used like that.
"Can you tell Steve Rogers to meet me at this location after school." He handed me a bit of paper. So this was about Steve. I took the paper. He'd given coordinates. Once I nodded to say that I would, the male vanished. It was strange.
They had their weapons now, thanks to Steve and Nat, and so they were in for an even match. But Steve wasn't fighting. He scooped Tony up in his arms and pulled him to his chest, stroking his hair. He just wanted to comfort the man now.
"Well, you know. Head ache." Tony laughed a little.
"Tony." I said. He looked at me. "Are you okay?" I asked. He nodded to me in response but my keen instincts kicked in and I knew he was lying.
"Where are we going?" He asked Nat, who was leading him somewhere, but not saying where they were going.
Tony looked at his kettle and smiled brightly.
"Thanks for sharing, Natasha."
"I think they are in here" She said. The lid was back on it, but luckily there was a Captain America to lift it off. But when he did there was two glowing green eyes staring at him. They turned red when the creature realised who it was.
I set up my room and nervously waited, but when they walked through the door, my mouth dropped.
in red letters covering Tony's eye sight.
"Tony..." Steve said.
"Everyone keeps kissing me!" Tony exclaimed. Bruce
"I guess... I'm the leader then?" Tony sighed. The creature came closer to him. So close that he could feel her breath on his face. It put its hand on his face and turned it to look at him properly, as if inspecting him.
The release on his armour got triggered and he fell out of his suit. Whatever had him, wrapped itsself around his leg and started to drag. Nat could see the lights reflection again and started to jump to dodge. She watched Tony get dragged into the sewer.
Romanoff was shooting at Pax, who did a squeal like scream and shook his tentacles wildly. He started to charge towards her, teeth growing in his mouth. Each one as sharp as fangs. It looked like he had a sharks mouth now.
"Too many questions. One at a time please." He said and rubbed the bridge of his nose. He looked tired. I feel like by distracting him from whatever it was that he was doing, I pulled him out of his cloud of happiness and back to reality. I  kind of felt guilty for doing that. I don't think that I should have.
"Oh sorry."
Natasha's Point of view
"Nothing Tony hasn't done a thousand times already." Steve said. Given that he was feeling uncomfortable about the whole situation, that comment was asking for more comments which will make him feel more uncomfortable.
"Thank you." He whispered.
"May I?" asked Bruce.
Steve had a sofa bed in his bedroom. Of course he had a sofa bed in his bedroom. When night time came, he locked the bedroom door and made the bed for me. There was no using the bathroom tonight, I guess. Though, I wouldn't need the bathroom if I slept all night. That probably wasn't going to happen. Steve doesn't know all my problems though.
He went into the lab and pulled up the plans for his new suit. He sighed looking at them. He had time to work on that. He put away the plans and then pulled up the plans for something to help Steve. It would be a surprise for him. He wanted to make sure that his shield never got lost and he also wanted to make him a head set which would be attached to his clothes. The headset would monitor his breathing and his fitness, meaning he could take it on his runs every morning and track his progress. Not that Steve needed to progress any more.
Every morning was the same. He'd drink his coffee. Clint would eat something of Hulks. Natasha would come in for her breakfast and ate it quickly before Hulk came crashing through. Hulk would then groan because his pickles were gone, or his peanut butter, or his gacamole. Then he'd go find Clint and chase him around the tower. And that would be when Steve made his way back to the tower. Thor was off world at the moment.
I let out a sigh. The only thing going through my head right now was 'she could be a friend. Don't push her away too.'
"Or perhaps it went to find another sewer cap." Was Nat's response. "Come on, we should go." She took his hand to help him up and then they ran, but where they were running too was another story.
Patrick had no idea what was going on. He recognised Pax but he didn't know how.
be left alone. Tony had a frown on his face. Bruce sighed.
Thats when he felt something wrap around his leg and start to drag him.
Ok so this one is Rhodey. My plan is to do each chapter as a different weekend and itll slowly get less fluffy and more sexual.
"Daddy?" Patrick said. He put the tentacles away and started to cry. He ran over to them. Steve got up.
"I just heard it from people."
"Why didn't you just stick it in the freezer?"
"Maybe when I'm done in the shower." He said.
Tony moved the calendar and the guy pinned down his arm. He couldn't cry. He was too angry to cry. He just wanted this over.
"No problem, Anthony." She said. I looked at her. "What?"
"Would you like to dominate. I don't want to add any more pain onto you." I wasn't fussed but he insisted that I dominate.
Bruce's head went down. His tongue
"I just don't feel like it." More tentacles were coming out.
He stood and offered his hand. For some reason, I took it and we walked to the car like a gay couple. Not that I wasn't gay already. It reminded me that I needed to tell Pepper that we are now a fake couple to keep bullies off my back. She'll understand... Hopefully.
"Hi."
"Tony I've been thinking about you a lot lately. It's been really confusing me. I have had relationships in the past. Well. One. But even with her. I never thought about her how I think about you and you're new in my life." That put a smug look on Tony's face.
Tony grabbed Bruce and the three men all started to run, but there was no where they could really get to. Their was grate at the end of the corridor which was locked shut. No where to go at all.
little moans. It was even better when Bruce put his mouth over the tip and started to suck. Such
Tony thought. He knew it was terrible. Steve came closer to him.
"I'm sorry. I didn't know - wait you're bisexual? Why didn't you tell me?"
"I didn't know you had your licence. Sweet ride." I smiled.
Bruce took Tony to his limits when he started to deep throat. He rubbed vigorously all the bits his couldn't fit into his mouth. The billionaire was at his edge. And then he went off, filling the other's mouth with his warm seed. Bruce pulled off and swallowed. He looked
"Oh!" He said. He tilted the plastic kettle over Natasha's cup first. But he had filled the kettle with water and he missed the little tea cup, covering Nat in water. She quickly shot people a glare. "I sowwy." Tony looked at her.
Where my garage stood was just now a pile of rubble. Ash floating up in the sky. It was hot, like the flames had only just recently burned out. My little robot was outside of it. That was the only thing left. The whole place was gone. My father wasn't here but I knew it was him. He had threatened to burn the place down if he ever found out where it was.
"But why would your dad hit you for when I came round unless- wait. Do you have feelings for me?" Tony started to play with a screw driver, going rather awkward.
"Tony?" I asked. He didn't seem to hear me. He had in earphones. Of course he did. So I put my hand on his shoulder and he jumped.  He almost hit me.
Hawkeye fires an arrow at the agent.
Ms. Flanders sighs in frustration again and holds Mari’s arms against her sides. Mari glances up before beginning to jitter.
“...what happened...in the end?”
“I’m afraid of more than just nightmares…”
“Five.”
“You sure?”
“You know you love a good Nazi punching,” says Steve.
Mari wiggles in Tony’s grip before he sets her down. She takes the Polly Pocket out of his breast pocket and goes over to the desk, poking at the ornament.
“There we go.” Tony chuckles. He then goes to her closet door to move her hamper back.
“Yes.” Steve comes over and helps her balance the plate, Bucky Bear, and a sippy cup. “And besides, if you have to buy them, kiddo, they’re not really your friends.”
Mari gasps and pulls on Tony’s hand. “Can you push me? Pleeeeease?”
“Then who’s on my team!?!”
Steve tries to fight down his smile as Bruce groans and says, “Somebody is trying to kill you Tony.”
“Have fun big guy.” Sam clasps his shoulder before continuing down the stairs.
When the bald man sees the cape disappear around the corner he grumbles under his breath, “Ungrateful bastard…”
After being dismissed from the penthouse and dumping his dirty socks in his hamper, Clint made his way down to the Avenger’s nerve center. When he walked in, he found Nat and Bruce combing through chunks of information on the holotable.
“But not if it was someone he trusted.” Sam logged in and brought up the files Chameleon stole. “And it couldn’t be anyone too close because it might slip out that they had been switched.”
“Are you suggesting we parent trap this?” Sam asks.
“Since when is ANYBODY from fucking Iceland?” Clint exclaims.
Steve leans down and lowers his voice to a gentle timbre. “Hey. It’s okay. I can understand why you’re nervous but you don’t have to be. Tony and I just want you to meet everyone because you’ll be seeing them a lot around here.”
“We’re not together anymore and now is not the time for this conversation,” says Rhodey, a blush spreading across his cheeks.
Tony smirks and leans in to bite at Steve’s neck, just over his pulse point.
Bucky stares at the platters of ham, eggs, and bacon. His mouth waters at the sheer size of the piles.
“Hey! That is the talk of a quitter! Are Earth’s Mightiest Heroes quitters, soldier?” Tony asks as he loads the ingredients onto the counter.
She shrugs. “SHIELD has its other uses.”
“Let’s just finish this up.” Captain American holds up his shield again.
“Stark rule one: Don’t dumb yourself down for others. They can’t keep up, leave them in your dust. You think you make as many technological advances as I have by slowing down for the competition to catch up? Hell, when I was not much older than you I hacked into the NSA database just to see if I could.”
“Apparently.”
Mari runs back to him leaving her Polly doll to ride the ornament alone. “And apple juice?”
“I hope you have a small beast in that oven.”
“I know I didn’t read all the parenting books I probably should have buuuuut that was weird right?” Tony asks.
He nods.
“He’s been making some suspicious inquiries. Mainly in the black market. Now we know for what.”
They spend the rest of the day acclimating Mari to the tower and Jarvis, including entering her into the security system. At lunch they order Chinese takeout and for dinner it was an introduction to family shawarma night. After a game of Candyland, a bath, and a dialysis session, Mari was put to bed.
“Touché.”
As Mari turns and tries to burrow her head out the other side of the hanging of clothes she hears Tony say, “Purple and yellow? Really Steve? At least try to coordinate. Here.” She pokes her head out in time to see him trade a pair of jeans with silver stitching and a pale grey scarf with the yellow leggings Steve was holding. Steve rolls his eyes before turning back to Mari.
Tony marches out of the practice and down the hall with Mari trailing behind him. He stops in front the elevator doors and hits the down button. He is glaring a hole in the elevator door when he notices the small hiccupping at his side. He glances down and sees Mari swipe her fist across her running nose. Tony sighs and kneels down.
“Oh-ho YEAH!” Nat winces as the comm crackles in her ear. “I can’t wait till Christmas!”
“It didn’t matter then. I wasn’t trying to keep a family. I was just talking to some stranger on a bench.”
“Well I mean, it’s a nice day out maybe we could…invite Mari’s aunt and uncle over for coffee…”
Which is why Tony Stark, billionaire, ex-playboy, philanthropist, comes out of the elevator and onto one of the corporate floors of the tower, with Mari balanced on his hip, a Polly Pocket in his breast pocket, and a butterfly clip in his hair. He marches into the Pepper’s office with her secretary trailing behind him.
Mari glares at Agent Hill and blows raspberries at her over Steve’s shoulder.
Mari now had thick rectangular purple glasses. Tony had also styled her hair so the frizzy mess was shaped more into swoops which combined with the Black Sabbath shirt and glitter jeans made her look like a little punk rocker.
The bully was reaching out to knock Mari down again when he looked up. Seeing Bucky’s large figure looming towards him made him pause. Bucky is about to tell him off when Mari clamps her teeth around the boy’s hand. He wails and tries to shake her off, whacking the robot toy against her head. She lets go and the boy screams at her, “What is wrong with you!?!”
“Tony, I’m com-“ Steve’s voice is then cut off by a loud bang.
“I may have made a bad bet.”
“The one where you realize that you’ve been put in charge of raising a tiny human.”
“Cracker,” Sam snaps back.
“Dr. Krevin said I was too much for you. That you had to leave because of me. It was all my fault.” Mari bursts into tears and Mae pulls her close with Ben wrapping his arms around them both.
“No? They’re the same file.” Clint looks back at Bruce with an arched brow. “Has someone been hitting the caffeine booster a little too hard?”
“I will have you know I wasn’t a 100% virgin when I met Tony.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.” He steps away and sits on the second couch with Sam and Steve.
“Where the fuck did he go?” Clint asks.
“There was a security breech to steal some confidential files and the tower’s systems were compromised.  During the intruder’s escape he set off an explosion in the stairwell. No casualties, three injured. The intruder has yet to be identified but all systems should be back on line within the hour and the tower is secured.”
“Yes, but Dr. Krevin has made leaps and bounds with her. I know she’s not particularly fond of him but they have a rapport. When Mari first came to us she was uncontrollable, she barely spoke, and when she did it was ranting and raving. Dr. Krevin has really gotten her to unwind and deal with her trauma. He even got her to accept that this closet monster was just her way of coping with what happened. But being around...extraordinary folks like yourselves, where a monster attack is more likely, well, I think this has caused Mari to revert back to her old coping mechanisms.”
The man looks out from under his cadet cap and scans his eyes up and down her. He then gives a grunt and points towards the ocean.
“But I’m tiiiiiiirrrrrrrreeed.” When Steve turns to walk back out the door, Tony can see her lower lip stuck out in a pout.
Green and blue slimy tentacles shot up towards them and then that sewer lid got pressed back down into the hole quickly. Steve put his weight down onto it so the monster couldn't lift it up.
"Are you sure it was that specific Jagkar?" Steve asked, he believed that Pax was dead as well. Tony nodded.
"So I asked you here because I was thinking about what you said." That peeked my interest. "You were right. I do need friends. I'm sorry for saying you pitied me but I've never really had anyone that actually cared for me."
"Tony?" Steve asked, opening the door. Tony quickly wiped his eyes, not wanting Steve to see him in such a weak situation. "Tony, you okay?" he asked.
Tony got excited and went to find Steve. He dragged him by his arm into his lab and they watched the little egg hatch.
"JARVIS. Let me in." Steve said. He had a bit of a demanding tone. He saw Tony's head on the floor and instantly started to think something was wrong. If JARVIS wasn't going to let him in, he'd let himself in. And so he smashed the glass wall and entered through the frame of where the glass used to be. There was a bit of a scream when he did that. It sounded like a kid. He walked in and rushed to check on Tony, who was cowering in a ball. Tony had tears running from his eyes and there was a wet patch on the floor and on his pants. Steve looked at him confused. "Did you wet yourself?" He asked. Tony sheepishly nodded.
“Explosions? Wh-what do you do in your lab!?!” She looks to Tony with wide eyes.
They both freeze as they’re splattered in porridge. All three men turn towards her.
Tony groans and runs his hands over his face and through his hair. “Fine. But we contact them on my terms.”
“Maybe she worked with computers as a hobby. My mother taught herself how to quilt.”
Fury arches an eyebrow. “Seriously?” He pulls out his wallet and puts two bills in. Tony sets the jar back on the counter. “You gonna bring your kid out here to sell me cookies next?”
“You gotta let go!” he says as he watches the stairs start to peel from the wall, taking chucks of concrete with it. “I’ll catch you I promise!”
“I’m sorry pip.” He kisses Tony’s cheek. He takes the mug and stands. “I’ll toss this.”
“Nooooo,” Mari whines and tightens her grip around his neck.
He darts around the room looking in anything big enough to hide her. He flings open the closet door and steps over the fallen suitcase. He’s moving to check the hamper when he hears a small yawn. He spins around and scans the room.
“Is it under attack?”
Without looking she tosses a shock pad and when it makes contact with his forehead he jerks and shakes before passing out. “Jackass.” She continues looking through files. It is not long until her eyes land on something. “Well that’s interesting…”
“Yes.”
Tony slides the utensil under her grasping hand. “We should get her into theatre. I think she’d do well.”
A thunk against the bedroom door makes them pause.
“And you’re...not…?”
“According to
“Speak any other languages?” Nat asks Mari.
Tony moves to sit on the couch and looks through the photo album with Mae explaining them. Occasionally he’ll look up to Ben shooting him untrusting looks.
Dr. Wu nods and watches Tony leave before he turns and says in Chinese, “Alright Zhao, onto the next ca-“ He furrows his brow when he does not see his assistant. He looks around him trying to spot the young physician. “Zhao?”
“Just to let you guys know, the squirts relatives are visiting so the penthouse is off limits today.” Clint hops up on the edge of the table and swipes a handful of popcorn from the bowl Bruce was munching on.
“Why do you want to look at people’s brains Dr. Banner?” Mari asks.
Steve smirks and leans over to kiss his husband.
“Kiddo? ...hey kiddo?” He touches her shoulder causing her to jump. “Everything okay?”
Steve looks between Mari and the closet door. “Are you afraid that there is a monster in your closet?”
“But I’m already driving a rift between you and Steve. Last night-”
Steve stands to give him space while Tony tucks the comforter more around Mari’s shoulders. He leans down to place a kiss on her head before standing from the bed as well. Steve leans in to kiss his husband’s cheek and wrap an arm around his waist only for Tony to keep walking out the door and to their bedroom. He sighs and braces himself for the argument waiting ahead.
“Hawkeye! Where’s Falcon?”
Steve takes her shoulder and gives her a small shake. “Where did you see him? Tell me exactly.”
“No! We’re not in the circle! You can’t make me share!”
Clint comes up to the counter beside Nat and slides another piece of cake onto his plate. Nat elbows him and holds out her hand. When he just stares at it she rubs her fingers together. His face drops into a frown and he jerks his wallet out of his back pocket. Steve watches with his mouth hanging open as Clint shoves a couple bills into her hand.
“Oh silly. That’s just called growing up. I’m not the same since I was a baby but that baby was still me.” She turns away to brush the bear’s fur with her fingers.
“Annoying when someone defies your carefully laid plans, isn’t it Mr. Stark?” Valencia says with a smirk.
"How do you know?" Nat asks.
Tony chuckles into his coffee cup.
Tony twitches and breaks out into a sweat. “N-no.”
He shoots out the door after her. “And skip!” He watches her transition from a run to skipping. He sighs and turns to go to his bedroom to change clothes himself. He flinches when he hears her cast hit the ground again. “Mari?”
She turns and looks down. Through sobbing hiccups she whines, “Daddy!”
“I’m fiiiine.” She wiggles her legs in his grip.
“The stylist from Princess Diaries.”
“Mostly around the injection points and the reactor.”
“Anything for you Dolly,” he says.
“Doth thee not liketh the blue shell my good giant.” Thor says as he squares up against Hulk.
Bruce bends down to pick up the toy, the bullet being slipped into his breast pocket. “Well, it’s not that bad of a rip. We can probably sew him back together. He just needs some sutures and I can do that.”
In between quick partings for air Steve mumbles against Tony’s lips, “Y-you…said something…about…a quickie…earlier?”
Tony stands and his back pops from sitting so still for so long.
Rhodey stifles a laugh and Tony shoots a glare at him.
Tony’s hands pause. “…you didn’t see her face Steve…she was so scared…we told her she’d be safe with us and I-“
“I want to go home.” She whines again when Callaghan moves her arm into the portable x-ray.
“You’re going to learn about physics the hard way when you fall off that couch,” says Tony. “On the ground. Now.”
“Don’t raise your voice at me Stark. He had all the right identification. We’re looking into it.”
“I’m still not hearing a reason.”
“You said we’d go to Disneyland if she hacked Jarvis didn’t you?” Steve looks at him with an unamused look.
“…I want to talk to you about visitation.”
“I’ve changed a lot since then. Up here.” He taps his temple.
“Okay, that’s enough of memory lane. Where are we going? This isn’t to the tower.”
Steve sighs and sets the spoon down on the table. “Yeah. And got rid of your porridge too.”
“How!?!” Sam lands on one of the buildings overlooking the alley with Steve right behind him. “Okay, next time we find this guy, I vote we stick a tag locator in his wallet or something. If I wanted to spend my time finding some weird white guy in a cityscape I’d break out a Where’s Waldo book. At least that I can do from my couch.”
The elevator starts its decent and when the doors open he steps out, looking toward the glass wall to see Bruce bent over a microscope. He has Jarvis open the door to the lab and walks up behind the scientist.
Tony pats the bench next to him. “Well come on. I don’t bite...anyone other than Steve that is.”
He looked around himself and saw a trail leading away. Steve follows the trail through the trees and comes out the other side into an open grass area. There are people milling about either sitting on benches or in the grass or walking their dogs. He scans the area. There were some people out but the cloudy day kept a lot of people inside so Central Park was not overly crowded. Steve spots who he is looking for by chance. A hundred yards away, dressed in a thick jacket, ball cap, and dark cargo pants, Bucky glances off to his left unintentionally giving Steve a shot of his profile.
“Aye but does the little one know that?”
Tony shouts a moment before the rifle’s muzzle flashes.
Then men stare at each other. In the next heartbeat, the agent pulls out his gun and fires. Tony dives out the way and fires at the same time. The man stumbles back dragging Mari with him. She screams when the man fires at Tony again. Tony drops to the ground and feels the ripple of air as the bullet whizzes past, above his head. He knows this fight would be going much different if the man was not trying to walk backwards up the stairwell with a struggling child. The man catches himself against the wall when his foot does not quite make it up a step. Tony uses the momentary pause to launch himself at the other man. They all fall to the ground and Tony grabs at the man’s wrist pointing the barrel away from his face. It goes off in the struggle and Mari screams in fright. Tony grunts when he gets a punch to the solar plexus and returns the favor by punching the man with his gloved hand. The man groans, dazed.
She takes the folder. “Why can’t you give it to him yourself?”
Tony gives the box a shake. “For a guy who can turn into a green, eight foot, rage monster, I wouldn’t have guessed he was afraid of a five year old.”
Tony turns and leans back against the counter. He crosses his arms across his chest. “…Why didn’t I hear this from Romanoff or Barton earlier? I’ve been at the tower all day. And where were you? We get a lead on the dirt bag that nearly blew up our daughter and you’re not on it like stripes on that stupid shield?”
“…Mari told me about her Aunt and Uncle today.”
They head toward the hall where their bedrooms are with Mari running ahead. She only makes it a few feet ahead of him before she trips over her own feet. Her cast makes a loud clack as it hits the floor and her glasses fly away. Tony rushes over and pulls her back to her feet. He kneels and runs his hands over her limbs and head. When he opens his mouth to ask if she is alright she is already pushing his hands away and scanning the ground for her glasses.
Steve groans and takes Natasha’s offered hand. When he is on his feet again, he rushes to the side of the ring. “What happened to your face!?! And why are you covered in blood!?!”
Steve ignores him and continues to plate the eggs and bacon but a light blush colors his face.
“Mr. Stark? Wow. They don’t even let you call them Daddy?”
“Good for you.” Steve reaches a hand up and forcibly turns the younger man’s head back towards the screen.
“Mari? Sweetie?” Callaghan shakes her shoulder. When she is satisfied she nods for Steve to follow her.
“Too heavy?”
“Have you seen her heels?”
“I can be real quick at getting the oil pip.” Steve tweaks at one of Tony’s nipples making the inventor arch into the touch with one hand. The other goes to his aching hard on as he smears pre cum over it.
“But how do you feel about the change, Mr. Stark?” asks Dr. Krevin before he hands the toy back.
“I’ll be by in a week to check on things. In the meantime, if you have any questions you have my contact information. Marianna, a moment?” She meets Mari halfway and kneels down speaking in a whisper. “Marianna, they have the means to give you everything you need here. You know how hard it is to find a family that can do that. Don’t mess it up with these ones too.”
“And two tofu dogs. Plus a plain kosher one.” He gives Mari a wink and she giggles.
Steve shoots across the playground and into the trees. He finds an area of disturbed dirt where Mari must have gotten her foot caught. Off to the side he found some more disturbed dirt where it looked like someone hand been milling about. The soldier stood in the spot and saw that he had a clear vantage point of the bench he had been sitting at and still be hidden behind the foliage and other trees.
“Of course. Although technically you’re a Rogers-Stark but you know…Stark is in there…” He gives her shoulder an awkward pat. “Unless you want to keep your old name…”
“I think I’ve got that.”
With slow, exaggerated movements he reaches forward and wiggles her foot. He digs away some of the dirt and when he pulls off her shoe her foot slips free allowing her to scramble away. She presses her back against a tree and stares at him. The stranger reaches to hold out her shoe to her. She stares at his outstretched hand and notices that the fingers poking out of his fingerless glove are silver and metallic rather than flesh. He follows her gaze and quickly puts the shoe on the ground at her feet. When he backs away she grabs her shoe and slips it on, trying to take her eyes off him as little as possible.
“With as much as your husband paid to build this eyesore I’d expect it to have a nice view.”
Tony pauses. When he looks over Mari is in her pajamas clutching a book to her chest. He sighs. It was an original copy of Winnie-the-Pooh that Tony had gotten for Steve as an anniversary present. Steve’s mother used to read it to him when he was a child. Mostly to distract him from whatever aliment had restricted him to bedrest. He’d tell Tony, just sitting reading a book with his Mom was some of his fondest memories. He had wanted to do the same with Mari so they had been reading the book before bed and during her dialysis sessions.
They get their small feast of hot dogs and find a quiet spot to eat them. Tony and Steve thank every deity above that Mari ends up liking the tofu dog. At least until Steve lets her try a bite of a chili dog. Then she proclaims that one as the, “dog above all other dogs”. That in turn leads to a debate between her and Bucky about whether the chili dog or the New York dog reins supreme. They stay in the shade for a little while until Steve catches sight of some paparazzi making their way across the park. He sighs and gets everyone moving.
Clint gives him the bird and the sound bite goes off as Steve launches his arm across the counter to cover Mari’s eyes. “BARTON!”
“Now apparently,” Sam mumbles.
He chuckles. “You mean aside from a weapon? Aye. I believe you are referring to a certain prank of my brother’s, Loki, which went horribly awry and we learned of Balder’s weakness to mistletoe.”
“So are you going to tell me why Steve wants us to talk or are we just going to stand here and eat Clint’s food?” Nat asks.
“He misplace his shield up his ass?” Clint asks in a whisper to Tony.
Aaron snorts from the staircase and Steve has a small smirk. “I’ll just be moving things from upstairs to the car out front ok. Just give a shout if you need me. Be nice.”
Mari crosses her arms and screws her face up.
“We lit stuff on fire.” Mari giggles, swinging her legs back and forth.
“I’ve got eyes on the sniper. He’s going down seventy-third and just turned on second,” Clint says over the comm.
“Wait. Everyone lives in this building?” She looks down at the floor. “There’s an Avenger right below us?”
Steve shakes his head and goes to join Bucky on the bench. “Now that she’s comfortable, she’s starting to butt heads with us more.”
“BARTON!” Steve barks back at him.
He stops and looks at her exasperated. “In case you didn’t notice I don’t have much to go on in the father department. I’ve had three father figures. My actual father who was an ass, the original Jarvis who died before my parents did, and Obadiah who tried to have me killed. Not exactly a lot of decent data to look at.”
“Sorry pip. “ He massages the flesh of Tony’s thigh as he shimmies out of his jeans and boxers. “Got a little excited.”
“It was good enough for Fiona’s parents.” Tony smirks at him.
She frowns down at the cube as Bucky walks away. She pops it in her mouth and grimaces at the taste. That’s when she feels a tap on her head. She turns to see a part of a poptart being held in a big meaty paw. With a gasp she snatches it up and smiles up at Thor. Thor puts a finger to his lips. Mari nods in agreement and takes the treat under the snack table, behind the safety of the table cloth. Thor then returns to Jane’s side who gives a chuckle to see all the poptarts piled on his plate.
“Help yourself.”
The man goes turns back to the screen and Mari watches him transfer the files. She looks between the man and the gun. He sees her stare and puts the gun back in his holster.
The soldier just rolls his eyes.
“I’m not backing out. It’s just boys are so rowdy and dirty and when they hit puberty they are constantly humping everything.”
“I try not to check it a lot. It’s usually just Coulson wanting me to fill out some new piles of paper work.”
“You’re just sour because now you’re picking up lunch next,” she says as she mounts her bike with a small smile. “See you in two hours?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Suck my dick.”
“Thor is buried under about a ton of rubble. The explosion caused the building to collapse. He’s not responding on comms but he’s still alive. I can hear him under all that,” Falcon says.
He turns again to find a frazzled looking woman run past him and down the hall. He watches her disappear around the corner after the toy and stares. He waits a moment before turning to the potted plant.
“Look the kid may have damaged something but she couldn’t destroy it. Not with a fucking teddy bear. And even if it loses connection with the main control unit,” he motions to the large computer. “It is programmed to still carry out its primary functions. Including to hide itself.”
“Oh yeah. It was awesome. And I learned a lot from it.”
So this is the end of this installment but not the overall story. This is only the first of many single stories that will create a larger arcing one. They can be read by themselves but will have elements linking them together. In this first one I just wanted to kind of establish their family. As I publish more they will be less fluff based and have some more plot. There is even a smut scene in the next one. So keep an eye out for the next installment.
“Hey Brucie!” says Tony. “Mind if we come in?”
The man chuckles and rubs at the bridge of his nose. “That’s um…yeah. Okay. I’m a friend of Captain Rogers.”
“Okay. Let's head back to the tower.” Sam turns to the small group still talking. “See you guys next week.”
“I didn’t need to know that.” Bucky takes his seat.
“Good. Because we are a hell of a lot more dysfunctional than this. Just wait until we start letting those hooligans back up here.”
“You two enjoying the party?” Steve asks.
Bucky groans and stands up. “Here we fucking go again.”
“No. Hank says the city is quiet, for once.”
“Got it!” Wasp calls.
The tech’s face drops into an unimpressed frown. “Your five year old is a-" He cuts off when every Avenger left in the room takes a threatening step forward with Steve looming over him. He gulps. “...is a very talented young girl.”
“You already have her spewing out memes?” Pepper asks in a dry voice.
Mari looks up from examining the red plastic tag etched with a cursive M. The shirt Tony is holding up is a deep pink with a glittering metallic butterfly and tuffs of pink tulle attached to the bottom. She scrunches up her face and says, “It’s pink.”
“Don’t,” Bucky says under his breath. “Don’t you dare.”
“Hey! I only look small standing next to YOU Captain Miracle Grow.”
“Oh my god! Finally!” Clint takes a beer and grabs a seat. He leans back to balance on the back legs of the chair.
“So what’s in the folder?” Steve asks.
“Don’t think you’re getting out of explaining by making me all hot and bothered soldier boy.” Tony says in between slow languid kisses.
“Butternut?” Natasha looks as him in disbelief.
Steve turns and sees Callaghan motioning to a cot next to Tony’s. He nods and sets Mari down.
Mari scrunches her face up but downs the medications anyway.
“No Steve. The cherry on the sundae is all this was done by a five year old.” Steve heard a thump. Most likely Tony’s forehead hitting the table.
Bucky looks to Steve who just holds his hand further out.
“Oh! Tell me more.” Tony crosses his legs, leans forward and flaps a hand at him.
“That’s the wonderful part of being a superhero. You get shot at a lot but biiiiig chunks of down time. You know, aside from when your team leader is riding your butt with ridiculous amounts of training sessions.” Clint shoots Steve a dirty look.
Mari jumps up and tugs at his pant leg. “But-but Daddy- Daddy, Papa’s trying to take away my cereal and make me eat yucky porridge.” She starts making grabby hand motions at him so he picks her up with a chuckle.
“We know.” Nat didn’t even look up from the text she was reading.
“Well…” He drummed his fingers on her leg while he thought of his answer. “I cared for Peggy deeply. I was content to spend the rest of my life with her but I couldn’t bring myself to be…” He blushes as he scrambles for a way to try and word this. How on Earth did they go from I spy to this horrible minefield? “…attracted to her. Does that make sense?”
“Calm down, Count. I still got most of the data you needed.” The bald man narrows his ice blue eyes into a glare and folds his arms.
“He’s a bit mor-“ Tony begins.
“Close but I go by Tony,” he says back over his shoulder before passing through the doors.
“But they’re always welcome to come visit,” Tony interrupts. “And we can go visit them.”
“Egg whites? Seriously? Are we superheroes or fucking geriatrics?” Clint demands but the sound of a register going ka-ching sounds over him. “…what the fuck?” The sound goes off again.
“You shouldn’t run off where your parents can’t see you,” says the man in a soft voice.
“Clear.” Falcon says.
“Most definitely. I just...” He motions towards what is left of the control board.
Tony takes the bullet to examine it closer. It was a big motherfucker. Sturdy too because it was still mostly intact. He had already assumed that though. He didn’t just put any old regular glass in his buildings. Not many places you could get ammunition able to puncture it. He is jerked out of his thoughts when crying starts up again in his ear.
“Come on Tony! Don’t tell me you think Mari comes from a family of spies.”
Steve looks after them before turning back Tony. “Is she hurt?”
“BARTON!” Steve and Tony yell after him.
“You want to know how many I had?” He marches over to the recycling and tosses the sheets in. “One. That was Rhodey. When I was fifteen at MIT.”
“That’s what kind of makes it brilliant,” says Sam. “We all have memories that haunt us. Reoccurring nightmares. Really, which one of us would be concerned by a string of nightmares? Or even notice the uptick.”
“Statue of Liberty 1993, St. Louis Arch 1995, the national-“
Tony switches off the light and leaves the closet, closing the door behind him. He ruffles her hair on his way to Steve. “Welcome to the family Kiddo.”
“When?”
“Are you okay?” Natalia is standing over him with a worried frown.
DUNDUNDUUUUUN!!!!
Mari’s tongue flicks out to clean the corners of her mouth. “Not right now.”
“I remember my Mama calling it the Great Frisbee of America.”
“So you have a wife,” says Steve.
“Don’t say that, her back story is depressing enough. What kid doesn’t have Christmas anyway?”
They purchase a new wardrobe for Mari, the majority of which consisted of jeans and colorful long sleeved shirts. After stopping for lunch, the family embarked to a toy store and a book store. Tony and Steve were surprised to find amoung the children’s classics she picked out she had also found a few scientific journals she wanted. The new parents also found a few books to aid them in their training. Cook books. Once they arrive back at the tower they find places for Mari’s new belongings. When the sorting turns into a nerf battle Jarvis reminds them that the hour for dinner is approaching. They go to the kitchen and Steve puts the cook books labeled ‘Kidney Friendly’ and ‘Food for the Soul, Heart, and Kidney’ in front of Mari on the counter of the breakfast bar.
He fights back a smile as he stares at her excited bounce. “Pick out a jacket to go with it.”
“Your terms? Don’t you mean our terms?”
“Mama. Da,” she says as she reaches for her father’s shoulder and shakes it. “What happ…”
“Yeah. That’s what my parents told me.”
“No! You can take my life but you'll never take my cereal!” She dashes around the island to avoid his grasp.
Tony blows a raspberry on her stomach. “Come on. Why don’t you sleep with me tonight,” says Tony.
“Right this way your majesty.” Tony says with a small bow before walking down a hall to the left of the entertainment center.
The two heroes freeze.
Tony sighs. “There’s a lever.” He grabs the bottle and kneels down, turning his back to her. He stands up again after she jumps onto his back. “All aboard the billionaire express. Next stop, electrical maintenance hatch.”
She pulls away enough to glance at Bucky. Then she wraps her arms tight around her bear but Steve keeps his grip on her. “The shadow was sitting in my room again,” she says in such a soft whisper that if Bucky didn’t have enhanced hearing, he’d miss it.
He squeezes her tighter. “I promise.”
He forces a smile onto his face. The jacket is a little thick for the current weather but he does not have the heart to make her open the door again. They can just hold it if she gets hot and at least it is black. Black goes with everything. “Looks good. Need help getting changed?”
Of course it had to be the one toy he couldn’t just buy.
Pepper who is standing next to Tony with crossed arms and tapping her foot in a rapid beat, looks away in frustration. That is when she sees Steve weaving through agents. She waves him over and leans towards Tony. “Tony, Steve’s here.”
“It’s okay. It was just a nightmare. You scared them all away though.”
Just then, his phone beeps with a message. He looks down at the S.O.S alert and bolts for the stairwell doorway, Pepper yelling after him. He ignores her and shoots through the door. He takes the stairs two at a time. He made it halfway up when he hears a door open followed by hushed voice.
The other man tenses and the muscle in his jaw twitches. “Kraven is talented in many things, clandestine operations is not one of them.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Bleh.” Mari sticks her tongue out.
“Come on. Let’s go.”
“Is that a wing?” he asks in whisper.
“Tony.” Steve gives Tony a look as Mari thumps her forehead on the counter with a quiet whimper.
Tony watches them walk through door on the other side of floor. He sighs and slumps back against the bed. He pinches the bridge of his nose.
“Oh Thor knows all about ‘drag’ don’t you big guy?” Tony answers.
“Because the universe loves to laugh at me!” Tony snaps.
“Really?”
“Then find one because you’re fired.”
“My name is J.A.R.V.I.S.”
Nat leans towards Tony. “Mythology buff?”
Tony hands the folder back without a word and digs in the baby bag hanging off his shoulder. “Pretty sure sure I packed that.”
“Or the militant use of wet wipes?” Clint added.
“GAH!” He turns away again and back to the super computer and the tech attempting to break through Stark’s security. “I should have hired your brother instead. At least Kraven is capable of following orders to the letter.”
“Actually my lab is right below us,” says Tony.
“Okay, okay. I’m down already. Yeesh. Here.” Steve taps Bucky’s shoulder and steps out of the ring. “I’m tagging you in.”
“I’m meeting up with Mom. But this guy will take you up on that.” Sam elbows Bucky.
Mari’s only reply was to blow raspberries at him.
He throws his arms up. “For not telling you that I was looking into Ben Paulson and Mae Parker. That I am still looking into them.”
“Um…I can come back…” he stammers.
“Well I suggest that next time you talk to him you down play what you did while he was gone.”
“The day after tomorrow.”
“Stop crying. You don’t make a scene and this will all be over before you know it.”
Tony leans forward as he asks, “Which database?”
Steve frowns at him. “Like you’re one to talk.” He looks to Mari and sees her mostly full plate. He rubs her back in small circles. “Feeling ok Kiddo?”
“Hey! Hope you didn’t start the fun without me.”
“We have got to work on his communication skills,” says Clint.
“Did I forget to tell you we owe Mari a trip to Disneyland?”
The young men look at each other confused before one asks, “Did Captain America just call me son?”
Mari leans around the opposite side to look at him. “You’re War Machine right…or is it Iron Patriot?”
“Tony.”
“Good. Just run and jump. You can make it.”
“You know we don’t use the ‘s’ word.”
“But that’s just your superhero name right?” she asks. “You’re not like ‘the’ god of thunder are you? The one who will have to fight Jormungand at Ragnarok?”
“Yay!” She grabs Steve’s hand and starts to drag him across the playground.
“I’m not called Ironman for nothing.”
“So...why didn’t you say anything? If this was to give me something that HYDRA couldn’t take then why didn’t you say something? Why did you let me forget?” Bucky was trying to keep his voice down and keep calm but he couldn’t fight the anger. He had something. Someone. Someone who he apparently loved and loved him. The one thing that was good while he was still the soldier and she had left it in the dark. He opened his mouth to snap something else but he stopped. Her eyes were squeezed shut and her shoulders were shaking.
“Calm down, it’s a genetic disorder.” Bucky puts Mari on the ground behind him. “And she only reacted after your kid pushed her down.”
“Suburban dads do not wear Armani. Or have sports cars.” He turns to Steve and puts his hands on his shoulders. Then with a solemn stare straight into Steve’s eyes he says, “You ever see me in a Hawaiian shirt and socks with sandals. You put me out of my misery.  Promise me.”
“Wait, are you Falcon!?!” She jolts straight up.
“Are you okay?” a small voice whispers.
“Ok…ok.” Tony says in a calm voice despite his heart hammering against his chest. He takes a deep breath and removes his suit jacket, tossing it aside. “Mari, Kiddo, I don’t know if that landing up there is stable so I need you to come down here to me.”
Steve sets the punch bowl down and turns to the freezer. He pulls out the slush mix and pours more into the bowl. He glances up when he sees Natasha saunter over and lean against the counter opposite him.
“Attagirl.” He pours the porridge into the bowl and then grabs a spice shaker to dust the top with cinnamon.
“Well you’re past most of the paperwork and you’ve been cleared to have a child placed with you. Now it is just a matter of matching you up with one. You were wanting to adopt an infant boy?”
“You have bigger things to worry about right now. Like your family. Especially your family.”
Tony scoffs. "That pompous ass? No, he spent all that money bringing his family home over to the states. I'd bet Dummy that his Caped Italian hoo-ha is sitting in there right now."
“She’s not a fish. She’ll come bug you if you skip a meal.” Tony opens his mouth but Steve continues. “Someone needs to lead the team while Nat is gone. Once she’s back from her mission I can resume my vacation with you two.” He kisses Tony until the smaller man’s shoulders relax. “This was going to happen eventually. You couldn’t possibly have expected someone to be with you her entire childhood did you?”
Tony starts to relax when a small smile forms on her lips. He clears his throat and hands the toy back to Dr. Krevin.
“Asguardian is so similar to your Scandinavian languages that we can speak clear enough to one another,” Thor says.
Sam takes a swig from his beer and glances at Steve. Steve, Bucky, and Sam are gathered around the dining table in Bucky’s apartment. After Bucky’s revelation in the training room, Steve called Sam over to have a talk. And to bring beer. Lots of it. On the company card of course.
“I wanna do it!” Mari says as she brings up the holographic keyboard.
“We both know the amount of trouble she can cause on this floor alone.”
“Captain America sir. We were on a conference call with him when the breach happened.”
“Were you doing this?” Mari holds up her index finger. Tony and Steve glare daggers at him.
“Five.”
Tony stops moving and strains to listen. “…Steve? STEVE!?!”
“Consis-tent. And that means it also matches the...um Bekenstein-Hawking theories.”
“Never mind then,” says Steve.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Of course she will.” He turns back to the social worker. “Aside from getting the rest of her stuff, what else do we need to get from you?”
“At least look at page 62.”
“West side too.” Black Widow says as she steps into the room with Hawkeye behind her.
Tony started to breathe heavily, a panic attack coming on.
When the building creaked the first time was when he decided he was low enough to check what was happening downstairs. Hed managed to get down around 20 flights of stairs. He looked out of the window. There was a shimmer.
"I would like to have a bath" I said. He nodded
"You don't have to answer any of my questions, but Tony... Are you suicidal?" I took in a deep breath.
Tony didn't recover quickly from what happened. The next few weeks were full of flashbacks and night terrors. His flashbacks turned into hullucinations and he would feel Pax on him. The Avengers all wanted him to be okay, but none more than Steve. Steve's golden heart kept an eye on Tony. He let him share a bed with him so he could sleep. At first it didn't work, but the more Steve comforted the man, the more comfortable Tony started to feel around him.
After a long while, Pax 'came'. His cum was just eggs. He had filled Tony up with eggs. He pulled out and then Natasha started to shoot at him. Everyone could move again.
"So you're gay? " She whispered. I froze. What if someone had heard that? "Don't worry, you're not alone. I'm pansexual." For some reason, that made me smile a bit too. It relaxed me a little bit. I am glad I'm not the only none straight person in this school.
Natasha quickly realised and picked up a gun. She shot at it rapidly, tentacles flying everywhere. Pax got angry and charged towards her. He started to snap his jaw like he was a shark and then he caught her, taking a chunk out of her shoulder. She let out a scream.
"No. I am doing it. I need to." Steve sighed. He was checking my body out, seeing all the scars and marks that have formed due to this job. "If you don't want to, then I will walk."
"Who is Natasha?" I asked. It was an innocent enough question.
Natasha rushed into the building. It was a large place but luckily she didn't have to look very far before she found the scene. Her face twisted in horror and she put her hand over her mouth. She felt sick.
It slithered over to Clint and Bruce, wrapping it's tail around them.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not gay. I am taken though. I have a girlfriend. She's called Pepper." I said. He let go. I had just lied. I aren't with Pepper. She's just one of my best friends. He was right... I am gay. Not that I want these idiots to know though
Steve looked around. He looked out the window. He was too high to jump.
"Please leave me alone." I whispered.
"It's too late" she said to Steve through the com.
"Natasha." He whispered. He put his hand over his stomach.
"It's fine. You didn't know."
confused right now.
"Please don't." Tony said. He looked at Clint and Bruce. Bruce's eyes looked sad. He was blaming himself for this, but this really wasn't his fault. Well, him pointing at Tony to say he was the leader was his fault. He could have pointed at Clint, but he never.
"The tentacles..." She took steps forward before she couldn't move any more. Pax had noticed her.
Steve rushed around from the back of the building and came in the front entrance also. His reaction was the same, if not worse than Nat's. He went next to her and then couldn't move. His feet was stuck. They were stood behind Clint and Bruce, who turned their head to look at Nat and Steve.
So Steve gave me a lift home. I was awkward when he came to my house. He wanted to make sure I was okay but I was nervous to let him in. My mother looked at me and sighed.
"I'm not your Dad, Patrick." He said. Patrick looked at him.
"Jesus, Tony." My ass was red raw. "What happened?"
"Let's see this Pepper then." He said. I pulled out my phone. Luckily, she was a good friend of mine so I had photos of her and me together. It was convincing for now. I would have to tell her later that we were fake dating though, and pray that she accepted it and stuck by me for this.
"I'm fine. Just thinking."
"Patrick, put him down." Tony said firmly. Patrick responded to that by throwing Steve at Tony angrily. Steve went flying and hit Tony. It was like Patrick had just played bowling with Steve as the ball and Tony as a bowling pin. The men hit the ground hard. Tony harder than Steve, due to Steve's fall being cushioned. Tony had actually hit his head.
My name is Anthony Edward Stark. A couple of years back I was a billionaire genius playboy philanthropist. That was a couple of years back. I had my 15 minutes of fame... Or 15 years. I don't know. It was a long time. I had always been rich and famous. From a young child. I pretty much inherited wealth and fame from my father, who had earned it. I didn't earn it. Well I was a super hero for a while, but that crashed and burned. The world doesn't need a fossil in a shell any more. They have their heroes. I put my whole savings into being that hero.  They just retired me. So now I do what I have to surive. I have an expensive lifestyle. This job means that I am still able to keep that life style up, but I am in no means rich anymore.
"No. You're really good. But I'm going to have to put you in a diaper after the bath." Tony didn't like the diapers. Last time he wore one he wet himself and didn't tell Steve. He ended up with diaper rashand it became really uncomfortable.
Tony pulled the shirt off quickly so that Bruce could continue.
it. But it's just a job. It's just sex. That's all it will ever be. Meaningless sex. You just take it and then once it's over... You get paid. It's the only thing I know how to do.
"Pax. The monster... The monster took Patrick."
While looking after the egg, Tony had become childlike. Steve figured it was just his way of dealing with everything. While Tony was acting like a child, he wasn't thinking about what happened to him in the white mansion or what happened when the eggs were destroyed. Plus, he found his childish mannerisms to be adorable.
"I'm sorry, Tony. There's no time for anaesthetic." She grabbed a scalpel - lucky it was there right?- and cut Tony opened. He let out a scream in pain, but that didn't stop Natasha from doing this.
The doctors lips roamed the billionaire's torso for what felt like forever. Tony's face was red, and his pants had become way too tight.
"Hello, mr leader." It said. Tony looked at it.
When Rhodey comes round, Tony gets drunk
She sat next to him and closed her eyes. Her shoulder was hurting because her arms were (uncontrollably) swinging as she walked. Natasha put her hand on her shoulder and looked at Tony.
The lights went off and so Hulk stopped chasing Clint. He started to sniff up and Clint could just tell something was going on.
