“If I wanted someone to take care of it, I would have hired somebody! I didn’t tell you you could go in here!”
Castiel turned to look at her and saw a blond young woman coming toward them with a smile. He frowned, she looked oddly familiar, and he titled his head as she got closer. He didn’t notice the older woman behind her.
The old man trembled in rage and looked like he was about to throw up just by looking at them holding hands. Dean took that occasion and pulled his hand away to grab Castiel by the waist instead. At this, Jonathan’s face reddened.
“I don’t like it at all,” Castiel breathed out without even thinking. They all thought he was worried for Dean of course.
“Their goal was to demand a ransom, I don’t remember how much they asked, but my dad would have had to sell his company to pay.”
That startled Crowley a bit, his composed face suddenly a bit confused at that outburst. “Yeah, Castiel. That’s how we nicknamed him back then.”
Just a few steps away from him, Dean Winchester was here, standing still. He had stopped any move when he had seen Castiel going out of the house.
Dean got out of his car and snorted as he gauged the house. Some would have called it humble, he would have called it shitty. Well, okay maybe it was his luxury taste talking here, it was decent, but it was absolutely nothing compared to what he owned. Though his future husband didn’t seem greedy, he hoped he could dazzle him with his own home.
They all turned to the voice and Dean’s smile faltered a bit: here before them was Alistair Crowley. He was a mob boss, and though Dean wasn’t scared of him, he knew he had to be careful. It was just like Dick Roman, he wouldn’t let him push him around but he wouldn’t underestimate him either.
He went to Mrs Simmons, the babysitter, and took Claire back earlier than he should have. She was already sleeping when he arrived, and she hardly woke up as he gently carried her out.
Indeed, the dogs weren’t mean but excited and they wanted nothing but to play. “Sit down, you two! Sit!”
“You regret Central Park for our wedding, don’t tell me you regret the groom,” he mumbled, turning his head away. Marc knew perfectly well it was only in order to hide a smile. His husband was just fishing for a love declaration, he knew it and there was no reason to deny him that. Marc took him by the hand to draw him closer.
Castiel wondered if he was lying or not. He doubted it, Dean had been rather straightforward until now when he had been an ass.
Her jaw hung open. Dean watched in amusement as Castiel had to pretend it was indeed true and answer her questions. He had to admit the hippie-styled woman was likeable, although she smelled suspicious. He tried to remain as vague as possible. She took Cas’s hands affectionately.
Married, he would have to be married and probably live away from his daughter; part of him hoped he wouldn’t have to do that. A part of him hoped he would be able to find another way, but if Dean Winchester really intended to take that house and have them live together…he didn’t see any other way.
Sam rolled his eyes with a smile and went to the kitchen and put something in the oven before turning it on.
He was about to go back there again when the door opened and he was surprised to see Dean coming back home.
“Well…I guess I wasn’t much help, you know, after your father came. When you saw I was down because of what happened with Sam, you were much more helpful.”
“Yeah, it had been some times since we didn’t go there all together. Anyway I’m sure Charlie wouldn’t miss another opportunity to see Jo.”
“It’s okay. Let’s just say that since Dean will sometimes come home late, I get that room just to be sure he won’t wake me up. We do share the bed otherwise, but recently with everything we had to do, I really need to sleep fully at night.”
Dean took a deep breath, he was obviously nervous: “I apologized to you yesterday, about your father, but well…It’s not all I should apologize for.”
. Very gently, he took his arm off and got up from the bed, careful not to wake him up. After one last look to his sleeping form, he pulled the thin linen over his body and left the room.
When he went home, he found Mrs Tidler preparing her own lunch, she had done the cleaning and would still have a few cores, preparing the dinner for the evening among those. “Hi, I prepared something for you two!”
“Why?!” Castiel huffed in disbelief. “Why would I want to hide my girl from someone powerful who can actually ruin people’s lives over a whim, and who treats women like garbage?! Yeah, that’s a mystery.”
“Well…There is something that your cleaning lady told me today: she noticed we didn’t sleep in the same bed.”
That left him speechless at first. He knew that was true, and he knew he had probably hurt people indeed. It wasn’t the first time he was reproached things, that he was blamed for his arrogance or his coldness, but he would usually brush it off. He couldn’t this time. “You know nothing about the business world, trust me. And you don’t know me as much as you think. Where would your daughter go, anyway?”
Neither had the time to ask him what he had to do, anyway they knew it would be useless. After Dean left, Kevin waited a bit and turned to Marc, putting on a pouting face.
Dean hadn’t shown him any pictures of the small house he had rented, it looked pretty though Castiel couldn’t see much considering night had already fallen. Yet even under the nightly sky, the sea was beautiful, with the moon and stars above it softly enlightening the dark rocks and the sand while the water would remain as black as ink. This place had a magnificent view.
He complied with Dean’s demand though, and allowed the driver to get Claire’s seat, not wanting to get her in the middle of a fight. The little girl looked around excitedly as her father put on her seat belt. He wasn’t reassured at all to have her in the same car as Dean Winchester to be honest.
“Nothing wrong for now, she is perfectly fine,” she assured with a smile while stroking her belly and as Dean gave her a drink of water.
“I want to tell you that you can also talk to me, maybe it would be good for you. This is a stressful situation.”
After getting what they needed, they immediately went to Dean and Cas’s house. The sun was getting closer to the sea, the sky taking orange and pink shades over the darkening water. The simple view of the sunset enchanted Castiel, Claire and Jess alike, but Dean was still concerned about Sam who was barely talking and obviously upset about something. Even while they eat, he wouldn’t talk much, and watched him weirdly a few times.
Just like Jo, Dean knew how to spot people who would do the best job, and Charlie Bradbury was definitely one of them. By the evening, she was done with the job he asked her to do. He thanked her and offered some days off as a reward. She just largely contributed to his plan. Now, it would be the turn of his three ‘hounds’ to go and catch his prey.
He had a sad little smile: “We both lost our moms as kids…I guess you understand why I was like that with the garden.”
“Oh, it is! I really liked it. By the way, there is something I wanted to ask you…As you probably guessed, my father isn’t invited.”
. He sighed: they had known each other for a few days only, and Castiel was already swirling his head around. Those confrontations, seeing him enter his office with an open lip and hearing he had beaten two of his men, then that thing with his daughter and bringing him home…Talking to the reporters, seeing his company being hacked, he had still been in control, it was stuff he could deal with. But now, he felt lost, he was in that unknown street and didn’t know what to do.
A video was going viral: Arthur Damian going out of a church well-known for its homophobic discourse, the Church of Hope. A laughable name, when you knew that all they were doing was encouraging people to hate themselves. Well, he could see the old fucker getting out and as some reporters approached, what Dean heard made his blood boil.
He was aware this would be difficult for her. “Please, I don’t want to expose her to that guy. And, let’s imagine I could find another option, it would be only for some times.”
He didn’t like that, it bothered him on a business and personal level. He didn’t like that people were obliged to act straight just because some others were too narrow-minded or sexually frustrated! He had donated a lot for the fight against conversion therapy in the past, that should have counted for something!
The reverend shook his head. “This isn’t possible anymore, you know it. Even when he ignored her existence, it would have been hard to hide her forever, but now…We always try the impossible for our loved ones, but I fear you won’t be able to escape it.”
As much as he loved his dad, he realized more and more how wrong John had been to be so wary of everyone. But now, Dean couldn’t completely blame him. All that because of
He stood and was surprised at how heavy his legs felt. He saw Dean Winchester at his desk with a smug expression and Castiel breathed in deeply, looking at him with anxiety. In other circumstances he might have had admired the view, but right now he didn’t notice it.
“True, the groom can’t see the bride,” Dean corrected. “I guess that means I can’t see you,” he continued with a teasing smile to Cas’.
Indeed, that’s something he hadn’t thought about. She wouldn’t be safe around her grandfather for sure, so if he couldn’t get her a safe second home, well, he would have to be extremely careful. He was between a rock and a hard place.
Dean, Kevin and Marc were walking through the hotel gardens where the marriage would be celebrated. It wasn’t the biggest hotel around, but it was a lovely one, located on a hill facing the ocean. It also had rather large gardens, often used for different kind of ceremonies and celebrations. It was surely the best part of that place, very green and flowery with palm trees, cypress, small fountains, lanterns which would glow at night, wooden benches and a swimming pool. Charlie had told him it was a sort of exotic Alice in Wonderland atmosphere.
The saleswoman nodded and took the little girl to go with her. Castiel looked at his daughter, he never thought he would ever see her go with a saleswoman to choose something in shop like this. He discretely told Dean: “You realize I can’t pay for any of it, right?”
“It’s not that!” She laughed, as he didn’t sound really convincing. “No, seriously, when I go to work, we are away from each other. I don’t know, we should be able to speak together, it could be important.”
It was also weird for him, he had the impression to be in the center of a storm now, and he didn’t how he should feel about it. Maybe he needed a good night of sleep? When he went to bed, he found the bedroom empty. At first, he was quite glad to have all the space for him, but after some minutes in the darkness, he started to feel the too heavy silence in the room. Though he hadn’t been really enthusiast when he suggested Dean to share the same room, he had to admit having a presence near him felt good. He let some minutes pass in silence, and felt tempted to go and join Dean, but he decided against it. It was a good thing to leave him alone, to sort things out and show him he was on Sam’s side.
“Of them? No, I might have been prejudiced against pitbulls. I don’t like to admit it, but you were right.”
“Very much, thank you. As for Claire, I think her reaction speaks for itself.” Sue nodded, giggling a bit. He didn’t want to disappoint the woman, she knew nothing and it had been kind of her. His attention was reported to his daughter who started jumping on the bed; he stopped her immediately.
This reassured him, he wondered if Dean was lying or not, but strangely enough, he believed him. After all, what was the point right now? He went toward the window and turned his back to the billionaire. He admired the view, the sun was lower now, throwing shades over the city and a softer light as well.
Though Dean had a lot of questions running through his head, he decided to let it pass, he had other things to take care of.
“Well, maybe it would be a nice change for them to have a guy who doesn’t act like a total douche bag! If they got only guys like you, I pity them!”
It had been a satisfying and difficult day: satisfying because the hacking attempt had been reported and Charlie had been able to tell Dean there had been no files stolen and their informatics system was clean. Now they just had to find that son of a bitch. The difficult part was focusing; outside of the hacker thing, he had to deal with many things, and it had been hard to put his mind fully at it. What happened last night was just…Dear God, he had felt humiliated and on the other hand he had been unable to get angry. First because there had been people watching and that weird sleep paralysis thing, and then he didn’t want Sue Tidler to think they were unhappy together. And with Claire around on top of that! But now, what should he do? Sam would have known, he was sure of it. He wished his little brother was here to actually help him.
“I will, your bank account would probably be emptied here. After all, it’s up to the man to pay, isn’t it?”
Although Dean had decided he would try to handle this in a diplomatic way, “And if you know what’s best for both of you, you’ll stop being a bitch! I want to be nice with you, but don’t think you can do whatever you want! Your daughter has to come with you, that’s not to be negociated!”
This made Castiel’s jaw drop. Seriously?! Dean took a deep breath, this would be the first time he would reveal that to anyone.
Castiel didn’t really know why he had started to seduce Dean like that, but he had thought over it at times. He had thought of what could have happened between the two of them that evening, and he had wondered sometimes whether or not he should have let Dean in his bed that evening...He didn’t know, but the thought of it had ran through his head. Yet he had liked teasing Dean, this little seduction game between them had been pretty thrilling. That’s also why he was teasing him when they would spare.
He sighed and laid on the bed. Tomorrow would be a difficult day, and yet he wasn’t scared of that, far from it. It was weird because he was energetic; he would have felt like going out usually but not tonight; maybe because the house wasn’t deserted anymore? But he wasn’t feeling sleepy, so he decided to do some work, and after that he would go and look on the net for a place to stay at in California. If he didn’t want to marry right now, at least he would see Sam soon. His brother wasn’t living in Los Angeles, only close to it, in a smaller city. He wanted something near the beach, he remembered Castiel saying he would miss Queens because it was close to the ocean.
He regretted those words immediately, not because he attacked his father verbally, but because Dean heard. He didn’t want his future husband to know about his childhood, that was too sore, and too much of a weakness. At his side, Dean’s little smirk had vanished once he heard this. Jonathan looked outraged at such words.
Now that would be fantastic indeed! He thought over it, unable to decide. Biting his lips, Dean couldn’t but imagine the two of them together in the ocean right now, with no one to see them or hear them. It was an exciting thought to think they would have intimacy in the open air. Funny, he never fantasized about making love in the sea before.
“…I know why you’re doing it, and on a business level, it makes sense. But do you really think it will play out well?”
“You feel like everything is crumbling, don’t you? Imagine what I felt like when you threatened me, first when you wanted to make me leave my city, and then blackmailed me.”
“It seems like he is a man who get easily angry. And put face to face with someone like you who can’t hold his tongue, it can be dangerous.”
“I know, I wondered why you decided to work for me, but I guess getting into a big tech company was too much to resist.”
Fuck! What the hell was that? How did that mobster know Castiel and what the hell was that nickname?! He gauged the guy with a threatening eye, making him grew paler and growled: “Why the fuck do you call him like that?”
Well, he wasn’t an English teacher for nothing. “…You’re one hell of a nerd, you’ll get along with Sam.”
Taking a deep breath, he slapped the biggest throat before punching him in the plexus. The man was bent in half and Castiel didn’t have the time to land another blow. Instead he had to dodge the two others attacks. He backed away and punched the second man in the jaw and received one kick in the ribs. He backed away and when the third man tried to kick him again, he seized his foot and pulled on it. In a yell, the man fell, the sound was cut short when Castiel kicked him in the head hard, knocking him off. One down!
The little girl wasn’t long to come back indeed. She was almost four, she was just growing aware of what she liked to wear or not, and she came back grinning with a white dress adorned with blue mandala-like shapes. Castiel smiled, she was cute indeed, but looked almost too different. He praised her though, and she went in his arms happily.
His head swirled at such a response. He hated the defiance as much as he loved it; God damn, this dude really had one hell of a backbone!
Dean narrowed his eyes as he understood: “You really wanted to hide her from me, indefinitely! You really intended to run.”
Castiel’s voice took him out of his thoughts. When he saw the room, he couldn’t help but feel like he was being mocked. He was Dean Winchester, and here he had a small room which had a bed and also seemed to serve to store a bit of everything. Yet when he turned to Castiel, the man didn’t seem like he was laughing at him.
The drive to Greenwich Village was pretty relaxed, they spoke a bit, mostly to Claire who was asking a lot of questions. She looked around, completely taken by those new surroundings. But that was nothing compared to the two dogs. Castiel took his daughter in his arms, still careful even though the two pitbulls were still greeting them joyfully and nicely.
Okay, here is the new chapter, longer than the others, but I didn't want to cut it! Hope you'll enjoy!
He lunged at him but the man blocked his blow and punched Castiel in the chest, making him back away and growl in pain. He dodged the next punch and landed a blow right in the man’s eye. His head snapped back and Cas’ took the opportunity to sent his knee right in his opponent’s kidney before punching him again. The man stumbled but still managed to stand. Castiel went to attack when a hand grabbed his shoulder.
Dean didn’t reply immediately. “Thanks, but I think I’ll stay alone a bit. I’ll sleep in the spare room tonight.”
“Yeah, you told me.” Why was she talking about that. He realized immediately why she was telling him that. “Don’t tell me she figured out?!”
“You know, each time I listen to you talking about your job makes me happy to be a teacher! I wouldn’t see myself doing that.”
“Yeah. Sam just said he was okay with this, and my dad told me to never let anyone shame me for that. Someone once told him that I could go to conversion therapy, and he gave them a good piece of his mind. We’re Winchesters, no one disrespect us.”
“You should do it,” Sam interjected while sitting at her side, passing an arm around her shoulders. “It would be better than the clinic.”
“Some people can’t even boast about being good at their job, you know. So, with Castiel, you had the impression you could have some honesty.”
“…That story has to be believable, so we have to stay together for some times. But if you eventually want to leave me, I won’t object. And of course, the same goes for me, if I want to divorce, we will.”
Castiel didn’t answer, still unmoving, Dean grabbed the man’s shoulder, and started to shake it, and at this moment, the man’s body shook very slightly and he finally moved, slowly at first, and after a few blinks, he sat up, and rubbed his face.
Not really knowing what to answer, a pang of guilt blocking his throat. He took a deep breath and eventually replied: “They’re my friends, but there are things about me they don’t have to have to know. Anyway I don’t want to let them come too close.”
“Daddy!” She extended her arms, big tears running on her face. He lifted her and kissed the top of her head.
“If you think I’m a bad stepfather, or if you’re unhappy with me, you can leave me. But we still have to marry, and we have to stay together for some times, a year or two.”
He took another gulp and looked at Dean with those tormented eyes again, striking him right in the chest. “Why marriage? Why all this, really? You could have just…Had me fired, don’t tell me you marry every single person who offended you. Even those rumors, you could have shut those off with someone more willing.”
Huffing in amusement, Castiel just rubbed his forehead. Titling his head, Dean looked at him with some worry: “Maybe you do need a doctor.”
In spite of the mockery, Dean couldn’t help but admire him. Lord, Castiel had been handsome in the club under the artificial lights, but he was even more breath-taking under the midday sun. The first time he had seen him, he had wished to see his eyes, to know their color. Well, he took the time to really look at those and they were even more beautiful than he thought, those blue, intense, expressive, finely shaped eyes…
He stopped at the sound of that voice and was stunned to see that Castiel guy here. What the hell?! Why was he even here? Oh he certainly didn’t need to see that fucker right now! Why didn’t he leave already?!
“What?” He did remember, he hadn’t seen him much but he had heard his name. Crowley was the one who had over-taken control of his territory a long time ago and no one had heard about Connor anymore, some whispered he had ended up in the river.
Castiel grinned and nodded. The dance was strange, he never allowed Dean to get too close, but he still danced with him. As they both moved, they felt that weird sensation between them, like sweet electricity, but neither voiced it. Between the anger, and the strange connection forming between them, Castiel didn’t even know what he was feeling anymore, so he just danced, letting himself drift a bit.
“Don’t think so. If I had gotten those cards, I would have told a completely different story, most of it having to do with my pregnancy. The chariot for the changes I’m going through and will continue to go through as I am entering motherhood, and though it will make me grow and I’m happy, it’s also quite scary because I’m going toward something unknown, that’s what the Fool is for. Then we go to the Empress, reminding me that I have to keep confidence when I’ll be a mom, but not to forget my power of seduction, my romantic needs, and here we goes to the lovers. Reminds that I and Sam are still lovers indeed, so we mustn’t neglect our couple in spite of our future responsibilities. It also reminds me that we will have tough choices to make and we must make those together. So here we go to the judgment, Sam and I will have to be careful of our decisions without being too influenced by other people’s opinions about parenthood.”
“If Claire wasn’t sleeping, I would have suggested you to go down the road and to the beach to swim. But well…”
“Not exactly, it’s to fund the best schools of New York, and of course we are trying to give a chance to the more modest but deserving ones.”
They didn’t spend too much time on that, though. Dean also had to see Charlie about the hacking attempt. They didn’t know who the hacker was yet, and she feared they might never discover. That enraged him, he didn’t like the idea that they could get away with it. But at least the security system was fine.
“Yeah, I agree. I remember when we went to Egypt, I was eleven and Sam was seven. The pyramids had us amazed.”
Castiel was pale with anger, his eyes throwing daggers at the stranger. “His name is Dean. Dean, meet my father, Jonathan Novak.”
She turned to him excitedly, with the air of someone who loved to share rumors and gossips. “John Winchester had two sons, you didn’t know? They were both supposed to inherit the company, but the younger one, Sam, he fell in love with some girl his father didn’t approve. John gave him a choice: either he broke up with her, or he would renounce to the family fortune. Believe it or not, but he chose the second option. He and his brother had hardly spoken to each other since that day. From what I know, he and this girl are married and Dean still resent his brother.”
“I know, it’s quite crazy,” Castiel agreed. “When I remember how light she was in my arms as a baby, it seems like it was yesterday.”
Now, Castiel was angry again. He just begged him, smothered his pride, and that was his only reaction?! His gaze suddenly hardened: “And if I don’t? Really, what will happen?”
He hardly slept that night thinking of everything that happened, of Lexie, Anna, and his daughter. And Dean Winchester, that fucker screwed up his life once more! The next morning, he could hardly eat anything. Thank God it was the summer break, he would have time to try to find another job.
He felt cold again, only his cheeks warmed up. He had felt ashamed before his brother, but there was another kind of sham before her, before someone he didn’t know as well, someone who would see him only that way.
“Oh hell! Look who is here as well, I didn’t know he would be here!” She whispered in a panicked tone.
In spite (or maybe thanks to) his plain clothes, he danced without caring what others would think. After all, if they judged him already, why should he give a damn? He danced along with Lexie, letting his body move freely, remembering the time he was still careless and innocent. So he allowed the music to fill him, allowed to lose himself in the movements, in the flickering lights, just following the rhythm, and thinking of nothing else. He was almost in some kind of vertigo, people around hardly mattered, he was feeling good and it was all he knew.
Dean rolled his eyes, a shade of pink appearing with the embarrassment. Sam giggled. “It was the Impala, right? That was your dad’s car,” he clarified for Jess. He knew his brother perfectly.
Tonight he wouldn’t be with her though. He had hired Trish for the evening, so she would watch his kid while he was going to earn some money. Sometimes he would take Claire with him at his ‘job’ but he would rather avoid it. He just hoped it wouldn’t leave any marks this time. H shivered and hugged his jean jacket around him, it wasn’t that cold but the night spring air was still a bit nippy. But as he was walking out of his house and toward his car, three men appeared in his way. He didn’t pay any attention to them at first, until they completely blocked his way, stopping and forming a line before him.
She kissed her gently, turned around and greeted Dean and Claire as she passed before them. Castiel approached Jo, with a smile. She looked pretty delighted and amused.
But he still wanted to be sure, he knew his little brother, something was going on through his head, and it had been all of sudden. Well, the best was to ask him directly. Sam returned toward the table.
Well, he would think of that later. For now, he was just with Claire, and he wanted to enjoy it. He would still go home at noon for lunch instead of eating outside, he didn’t want to leave Dean too much alone.
He frowned, she just looked defeated, she just started her beer like she needed it. He sat and asked: “So this is the moment you fire me?”
“It’s hard to choose but…Maybe Greece. I would like to discover Egypt with her,” his future husband explained, interrupting his thought.
“I know, it’s just…What truly hurt was that his words sounded so true. As I told you, I thought you had left because of me too. Hearing a stranger say it was…Too much. I was out of my mind.”
“You got one hell of a story, I honestly wonder how you held on,” he could hardly find anything else to say. “What became of him?”
That was the name of one of his subordinate, the guy was managing the whole purchasing department. But recently, Dean had been more than dissatisfied with his work, and his ‘conservative’ attitude. He had made him understand everyone could be replaced, and of course Arthur Damian hadn’t dared to talk back, but he had seen his look. Dean hadn’t bothered about him, though. Maybe he should have, that’s what he realized once Marc showed him.
He smiled at her, caressing her blond hair, he still remembered how light she used to be when she was a baby. She would turn four soon, and he could hardly believe sometimes how fast she grew up.
“The ‘my child is entitled to anything’? I know it. To be honest there were some kids who had parents like that in my school. And there were others who had parents like my dad.”
“I hope so. I still remember her coming at my flat, crying, telling me I should have confronted her instead of ruining everything she worked for. Maybe I should have just cheated too, that would have been enough.”
He heard someone stepping out of the house and saw Dean coming toward them shirtless. To think he had hold him while being half-naked…He had to admit Dean was well-built, really. Overall, he was handsome, it was a truth he couldn’t deny. But why did he look so annoyed?
Without thinking, Dean tried to follow them, but the whole mass of people soon got in his way. He lost the black-haired stranger, and it stung as he thought of those eyes. He hadn’t even seen which color they were. Wait, he could go at one of the balconies were tables awaited. From there, he would be able to see the crowd and find him.
He looked at him with furious eyes, Castiel had a triumphant expression and he hated that. He had sworn no one could ever look at him like that! He was Dean Winchester, even the mob would take gloves with him, and now that common little teacher was trying to bring him down! No way! Good God, Damian and now this! That man had dared to use Sam against him and now he was using this! He resisted the urge to punch him, not before any witness, it would do him no good right now.
Castiel was silent and he took another gulp before Dean took the bottle for himself. The way Dean was saying that, he didn’t just sound protective but he sounded strong, more than ever.
Dean didn’t show anything, but right now, the man reminded him of Sam. It shook him a bit inside but he just replied: “As I said, I can allow myself to do whatever I want. You have a few days to get your ass away from New York. Hope you’ll think twice before insulting someone above you next time.”
Castiel blinked and felt that he could start to move again. A hand touched his shoulder and he sluggishly sat against the headboard.
“Shut up. How did you learn about my brother?” He still remembered what Castiel said, and wanted to hit him just for saying that, saying that Sam would rather be poor than stay with him. Maybe it hurt so bad because Dean had that exact same thought almost every day since his little brother left for the West Coast. Hearing someone voice it out had been more painful than anything, worse than the other insults.
What the hell? “Maybe it was better to let me know I would have a step-daughter! I’ll have to make sure she has a room at home, thank God it’s...”
“I won’t tell you the exact words, but he seems ready to give you a chance. Don’t tell him I said that.”
Taking a short moment to think, Dean finally asked: “What you did, earlier…Kissing me, taking my hand, it was a way to defy your father. What did he do to you so you hate him that much?”
“Well, it would be good for you to have some clothes. We’ll have a press conference, so we’d rather find you something decent to wear.”
“You realize that she will have to come with us. If that marriage has to be credible, then I can’t have my husband’s child living separately.”
All the comfort Castiel felt vanished at this. Why that damn billionaire though he could do anything with people?! He didn’t have the right to do that to his little girl, that was the most unbearable! Dean would be like a shadow hovering over her all the time. Plus, he couldn’t just let Dean threaten him and everyone he loved like this and reward him by letting him have whatever he wanted, especially Claire!
He wasn’t drunk, but he was tired, overwhelmed by everything. Seeing Ellen, Jo and even Crowley had been really strange. Dean took his face in his hands and leaned closer.
Wait…That was something they indeed didn’t speak about. He did tell Castiel they wouldn’t have to be intimate but he didn’t tell him he could eventually leave. It had all been done in such a short time he didn’t think about this. “I will have to talk to him about it.”
In a second, Castiel understood: he had to get rid of those guys, and take Claire away from that City, right now! Those guys were maybe not thugs, but he would deal with them exactly the same way.
Charlie and he laughed as they watched their friends stumbling a bit through the corridor before getting to his room. She shook her in amusement. “Want to talk a bit before I go back to Jo? I don’t know if you need to speak because you’re nervous.”
“After your father died. I know the two of you didn’t talk much at his burial. Maybe you should fix that.”
He remembered indeed the shy young man who had been with her, Castiel had found him to be very likeable, and he had felt grateful toward him for taking Lexie away when Dean had acted out. He smiled as well, it was great for her if this worked well, she deserved the best.
“So do I, but I hope she won’t start running around during the wedding. Jo and Charlie promised to make sure she would stay put during the wedding, I hope it won’t be too difficult for them.”
Indeed, if things were dangerous, he would take his daughter away? Claire was his priority, no matter what, he wouldn’t let anyone hurt her.
“Yeah, I noticed that,” Dean said with a smile, liking the idea of those two together. “With some luck they’ll go at my wedding as a couple.”
“Your childhood was probably not that easy, though. Sam once told me you had raised him as much as your dad did.”
He went to the room he and Dean were now sharing. He saw his future husband bare chest, he had a bruise, along with a swollen lip, but he still looked good. Cas’ had a few bruises too, but he felt fine, still satisfied from winning a fight.
“I don’t say he traced something for the two of you, I believe He gave us free will. But maybe He gave you an opportunity to solve something from the past. Try to know him and one day maybe you can talk of what happened.”
He just went to bed, frustrated. He would usually have what he wanted, but not tonight. That guy should have been dazzled by him, by his home and should have been in his bed already. Instead, he had mocked him.
“I do. I don’t want to rush things up, it won’t do any good to my reputation if my wedding is half-done because I rushed it up, also it would appear strange. And…Well, I got many lovers, you know, but I won’t marry many times.”
“Cliché but true. You need to know him, and he needs to know you. I didn’t have such a good opinion of you when we first met. It changed over time”
She shook her head, politely refusing. “Well, we don’t have to talk right now, if you want some times to think, we can see each other this evening or tomorrow.”
“Okay, granted, she can be. Well, just be natural, she hates fake people, don’t hesitate to speak your mind, even if she disagrees with you she’ll at least respect your honesty. But I’m pretty sure she’ll like you. Now, don’t expect her to know much about video games or geek culture.”
“True. Try to know him, you’re in this situation, and knowing when you should fight and when you shouldn’t is maybe the best way to protect your daughter for now.”
“I don’t know! I mean maybe he will behave differently with a child, but I have no idea how he is with them, really!”
Once the lunch ended, Zack and Lexie went on their own way, while he and Anna walked together, Claire was getting a bit moody, needing her nap already. Castiel took her in his arms and she leaned her head against his shoulder, slowly dozing off.
“It’s a better basis for a marriage.” He looked at the blue sky with a smile, he would miss the overall peace. “There is something we didn’t finish, though.”
His first move was to go to Mrs Simmons. The middle aged woman was smoking weed when she opened the door, and once more, Castiel remembered why he wouldn’t consider her the first choice to babysit Claire. But she wasn’t a junkie, just a hippie who was still living a bit like in the sixties. He knew Claire was safe with her, even though she wasn’t exactly a conventional kind of babysitter, he had seen much worse than her. He long flowery skirt was floating around her, along with her long brown hair. Their something peaceful emanating from her, and it actually did some good to him in that situation.
Weirdly enough, Dean believed that. He looked at Castiel up and down, noticed he was barely looking at the menu, he looked thoughtful. “What would you want?”
He went up the stairs, ignoring the people who tried to talk to him. Until one actually grabbed his arm and stopped him in his tracks. The grasp was light, but enough to stop him.
“Ah, I see. Well…It really depends on people, everyone is different, so I can’t exactly say; Kevin and I we try to make sure we still can spend some time together, even if it’s only for a quick lunch or stuff like that. We still try to have projects together, like preparing our next vacations. Sometimes, I must say I enjoy the preparation more than the vacation itself, because we are planning it together. You really want things to work between you and that guy? It won’t be just a façade thing?”
Castile blinked and moved very slightly before finally shifting. He rubbed his eyes and sat, Dean’s hand still on his shoulder.
This made Dean’s breath shudder, good God he should have beat the hell out of the old fucker! He grazed his back, as if he could make the scars disappear, and Castiel shifted away from his touch, uneasy and feeling suddenly very tired.
“No, but it helps thinking. You see, each cards have a signification, but if you read several books or ask several people about it, you’ll see they never give you the exact same meaning. So it’s quite open to interpretation; When I draw cards, let’s say, I ask myself whether or not I want to try to have my own cabinet, I can draw the cards and depending on what I have under my eyes, it can help me consider what the dangers are, why it would be good. It doesn’t give me the future, but it clear out my own pros and cons, the dilemmas.”
“We had seen their faces, we could identify them so they wouldn’t have let us go. They intended to take us and let that pedophile toy with us as long as he pleased. Thank God my father called the cops.”
“You’ll see, those things go and pass,” Kevin assured him. “I work as an agent for models, and I can tell you that kind of stories will interest people until another one is brought up. And it will happen.”
Though he felt like he was gonna drop on his knees, Castiel advanced. He took the hand Dean extended to him quite awkwardly. It could have seemed weird but it passed for clumsiness and nervosity, after all it was obvious that man was new to the camera. “Here is my partner Castiel Novak, and also my fiancee. I’m taking that occasion to officially announce our future marriage.”
“Very funny. In that case I would rather say ‘the douche who is blackmailing the other into coming here’. At least you seem to have good tastes.” He said that while admiring the view.
“Yeah. I’m used to people living for appearances, reputation and shit like that, they’re hardly ever themselves. When they go to a club, they mostly try to show off, not to relax. Sam used to say that people around us were like actors and actresses: it’s all about the looks, and in the end everything supposed to make you feel good become meaningless. He was damn right. But you…You were here with the poorest clothes of the club, and you didn’t care, you were only trying to have a good time.” His voice grew softer. “You were just enjoying yourself freely; you didn’t give a shit knowing who was watching you, or what they could think of you. You were so out of this, you looked like…”
Dean was looking at him however, torn between anger, hurt, and weirdly enough a sense of understanding. The man had made him think of Sam several times already, but now he made him think of John. His dad and Cas’ would defend their children with the same rage, and Dean could only admire that. Thinking of his father’s protectiveness brought him back to
Castiel could only comply. He followed him inside and saw the counter, and the hostess taking the booking, but no restaurant. She greeted them nicely, she even acted like she didn’t see how modest Castiel’s clothes were compared to Dean’s or hers.
“No you’re not, but you don’t have to be crazy to follow a therapy. Anyone who feels the need to talk or lost can need one. And you need it,” she declared gently but firmly.
It hit Crowley that Castiel would have tried to hide his past, maybe he feared that such things about himself would make a man like Dean Winchester back off. Yet Alistair knew the billionaire a bit and he doubted it would bother him that much. Anyway he said too much to back off on his words.
She was a bit taken aback, when it dawned on her: Dean actually had a thing for the guy! It could be for the best and it could be for the worst when power and feelings were mixed. “How do you intend to do that?”
“That’s fine as well.” He put down his daughter who had finished her breakfast and she immediately went to fetch something. “I painted som’thing with Nanny!”
“Of course. I wouldn’t tell you, otherwise. Remember: I’m the confident Dean Winchester, and I speak my mind. However don’t spend too much time in it.”
“We got along, but I wasn’t close to him,” Castiel explained. “I was pretty popular in the arena, so working for him was profitable for the two of us.”
“Indeed. That’s why I was called Angel Face in the fighting ring: because I was always protective of my face.”
Here we go again! I thanks people who reviewed, there is a lot of dialogue in that chapter but that was kind of needed.
Marc was quite surprised, but a bit relieved, though he had been excited by the challenge, he realized it would be much better for him to organize it.
Time passed too slowly for Dean, but he was amused by Claire, she had been ecstatic when they had been through the clouds, and was now quieter, looking outside with wonder. Her dad had also been impressed but he was now reading. Dean couldn’t believe how relaxed he was, like he had always done that when it was actually the first time he travelled like that. He looked at what Castiel was reading and was quite surprised to see it was
“Not of me, dearie! But I think some people around might try to steal him from you, and not just women.”
He took the bus, and eventually a cab to shorten the travel. Not that he feared to be late, but while he was still trying to hide his daughter, he preferred to avoid angering Dean. Eventually, he reached the place, it wasn’t far from the Winchester’s tower. It was a restaurant, not the most luxurious around, but definitely not the kind of place he could usually afford. Why was he here? He didn’t see any familiar faces, but he saw his reflection in the mirror. His lip was still open, but at least the bruise on his jaw wasn’t that bad. He had way worse in the past, but he didn’t like that Claire saw him like this. She had asked what were ‘those’ this morning, and he pretended he fell. At her age, she would thankfully believe anything. No adults would believe such a lie, though. When he had explained Anna what happened, she had grown pale. Yet he couldn’t help but grin when he remembered how Dean reacted when he had been told he had attacked his henchmen instead of following nicely.
He continued to look at the frame at his side, he could just distinguish it in the dark, and hear Cas’s breathing. The wish to comfort him and the lust swirled in his mind. His mind drifted again to that evening when Cas was dancing in the club, that hug he had given him and that kiss they shared earlier, how hot he had felt…A shudder went through him, he died to discover what Castiel was like as a lover. It was actually hard to hold himself from touching him, from reaching him and try to kiss his neck. But no, Castiel didn’t want to. Well, he would have to find a way to seduce him.
“About your future husband. I heard what you were talking about earlier, I’m not sure I understood everything, but there is something weird going on. I noticed you two don’t seem to know each other that well, and the way you act…I didn’t notice right away but you two have a weird chemistry.”
“She was our babysitter. She came when I was nine, our mother was dead already. At first my father and her only had a boss-employee relationship. But she was so supportive to him and us, he started to like her more and more, and so did we. She was slowly becoming part of the family, until…Until my dad discovered what she really was after. Nothing happened between them, but she was flirting a bit after a time, and I think he would have fallen in love with her if he hadn’t discovered she was actually after money and nothing else. Knowing she never loved us was hard, really, but that wasn’t the worse.”
“Of course, it was ten years ago now, but I remember it like yesterday: you were my first business deal!” Dean commented.
He didn’t know Sam Winchester at all but he felt a wave of sympathy for the guy. It was sad he didn’t meet that brother instead of the other. He didn’t have any more for the woman though, so he excused himself and left her. He went to find back Lexie and Anna. They were discussing with some old politician as well, and Castiel participated. They mostly exchanged polite words, the guy flirting a bit with the two women.
God, it wouldn’t be easy if he started to switch between gratefulness and hatred. Dear God, whatever relationship he would have with Dean, it wouldn’t be an easy one.
He thought of it, maybe Dean was right, Claire wouldn’t remember much of it, and maybe she would be more tired than anything. He also guessed it would appear more natural to the public.
“Don’t do that! I already told you, you don’t jump on beds. Listen, sweetie…This will be your room, now. This is our new house.”
“You really were mad at your men for the fight? You know, technically, I’m the one who attacked them. I don’t regret it, not at all, but it’s a fact.”
They were both relieved that this had been said, and Dean hoped it would take off a weight between them. The rest of the morning went well, except that Dean was still concerned about Jo’s idea, it would help indeed but he didn’t want to expose her. Yet he was often distracted by Claire who was taking most of their attention, and at noon, they joined Sam and Jess. They had decided to go to a Thai restaurant Dean wanted to try.
He nodded. “If that’s all you ask for, fine. The school will be left in peace, as for you…Well, if someone in this City wants to employ you, I sincerely pity them, but I won’t stop them. Now get out of my sight.”
“He said it was also for her that you didn’t want to expose your relationship,” Lenore continued, gazing once more toward the direction where Dean and Crowley left.
“We will have dinner soon, we just have to warm it up. You haven’t told us what your job is,” Sam pointed out while coming back.
She greeted Castiel and her boss first, and then crouched to the child: “Hello, little one! I’m Mrs Tidler, but you can call me Sue, I prepared a room for you, do you want to see it?”
Castiel saw there were five people, two women and three men, and the red-haired woman introduced herself first to him. They all first came toward them to congratulate them about their future marriage and Castiel remembered that none of them knew, except for one. A dark-haired woman shook his hand first:
They went back home soon enough, and Claire immediately asked Dean to play with her and the dogs. After paying Sue Tidler, he complied for a little bit even though he was tired. Cas’ left them in the living room and went to the kitchen. Sue wouldn’t prepare dinner daily as she used to do. Instead they would ask her to babysit Claire while they were out and would take care of the cooking themselves.
Castiel lowered his eyes once again but came closer. He had been able to tell Dean off, to threaten him, to remind him he wouldn’t obey, but answering this question was tougher than expected. He gathered all his boldness.
“No! I’m keeping that place, I’ll do whatever shit you ask, but I’m not coming to live with you! Go to Hell!”
He discussed a bit more with Jo and eventually left for work. On the way, he thought of Sam, he didn’t really know at which point their relationship was, but he felt like maybe Sam would forgive him. He would never be the same in his brother’s eyes, he knew it. But maybe he could redeem himself. At least he didn’t regret visiting him one last time as Castiel suggested.
He raised an eyebrow, weirdly, he hadn’t thought about it much, but he had pretty much thought Dean wouldn’t let him leave until he would grow tired of Castiel. He hadn’t told him that, but it had seemed obvious to him.
“That’s Mrs Simmons,” Castiel explained, though Dean had guessed what she meant. She proudly showed it to Dean, it was mainly a big mess of colors on a sheet of paper, and he praised it. He then turned to Castiel: “You know, when I met that Mrs Simmons, she actually had a funny smell. Not bad, but not the kind you would want for a babysitter.”
Thinking about it, it’s true that he did intend to leave her with Anna first, because he was scared of what Dean could do to her. It was a different time, of course, but asking Anna to babysit her for a few days was nothing compared to it.
He could understand, even for a very young child, that kind of sight could be disturbing. Castiel went for a kick and Dean hardly had the time to block and took one punch in the ribs. Of course they would hold their strength, but it wasn’t totally painless. Hell, it was obvious Cas’ had been a fighter at a point!
He tapped again, and focused on the sounds. It didn’t seem like there was any sounds inside, but now the party nearby wasn’t helping. There were also no lights coming from the inside. He wasn’t home…
Castiel opened his mouth at this and she put her hand over hers. “Sorry! That was intrusive of me, I should mind my own business.”
He left her with a smile, but she was a bit disappointed. She felt like they had got close to something Dean didn’t really want to speak about. She had a feeling about it, a lot of people thought Dan was just a heartless player, and she thought so too at a time. But as she grew to know him, she suspected that something might have happened to him, something which had left a wound. It could have been simply his mother’s death, that would traumatize any child, but she was persuaded there was more. Well, now wouldn’t be the time for confessions it seemed.
Complying with no problems, Castiel told him pretty much everything, from how they met to their travel here. In fact it was quite good to tell someone else than Anna, he would always try to lessen things to avoid scaring her. Yet with Sam he had the feeling it would be better to be completely honest. He also told him about Ellen and Jo.
They sat at a table after ordering drinks, and Castiel found himself between Dean and the one named Lenore.
The lunch thing wasn’t a bad idea. He couldn’t do it today, it was a bit too late, Castiel was probably making Claire eat already, but he could try that tomorrow. He decided he would come home sooner, though. He would take some work at home with him, so even though he would be in his office, he would be around Castiel and Claire. It wasn’t the first time he would do that, there were times he would work from home.
He was pushing it. Seriously, did he need to push it? How old was, five? “Yeah, I’m sorry about that too.” He didn’t think any of it, and he feared Dean would see it. Indeed, it didn’t escape him at all. He could feel how fake the apology sounded, the guy was bad liar, and he could hardly hide his spite either, it was obvious in the way he looked at him.
A short and awkward silence settled between them, unable to know whether or not they should be scared, after all it could have been a simple business talk. Crowley had no one with him, as Charlie pointed out.
At this Cas’ was left utterly stunned, bringing another dark smile on Dan’s lips. “I’ll give you some times to come and gather your stuff to come at my place…”
“You don’t need to, feeling closer to him doesn’t mean you can’t be angry at him or have no grudge. Whatever happens, don’t force yourself, especially when you don’t have to.”
“I noticed,” Dean told him, remembering the time on the rooftop restaurant, when Castiel pretended he was okay and had to leave to gather stuff when in reality he intended to hide his daughter; Dean had immediately seen he wasn’t honest with him. In fact Castiel rarely lied, he would just refuse to answer questions, because he was bad at that.
They got away and Crowley gave one last look to Castiel before disappearing into the crowd. A silence settled in the group, no one knowing what to say at first.
Indeed, a part of him knew it had been douchy, but that didn’t change anything, didn’t it? “You’ll do as I say no matter what…”
Hell, Castiel knew that question would come. Dean just replied with perfect calmness: “In a club, the Blue Jungle, Sam and I used to go in here.”
“He is okay, especially compared to my previous bosses, here I get a thank you or a praise from time to time, all they could do was nitpicking. I really wondered why they were together, actually. They had separate rooms, they wouldn’t even share their beds anymore. Though you and Dean do have separate rooms too.”
This made him smile: “That’s true. You’re a little mermaid.” She giggled and repeated: “I’m a mermaid!”
This made Cas’ smile. It was funny, they spoke about it yesterday, but he never thought it would happen and that soon. Dean opened the bottle, why bother with glasses? He took a gulp and handed it to Castiel who took it and drank as well.
“Yeah, but it wasn’t the same, I wasn’t your girlfriend already. Really, is there anything I should to avoid angering her?”
Suddenly turning to him, Cas’ pushed his future husband hard against the wall. Before Dean could understand, register that his head hurt, his man suddenly crashed his lips against his.
He saw him with Anna and another lovely woman talking to a guy he knew, Harold Cavanaugh, a shy young man. Well, he wouldn’t be a problem.
She smiled to him and her eyes scanned him from head to toes. Castiel wondered if she was gauging his social status or his physical appearance.
“In case you didn’t pick it up yet, I’m a reasonable guy. If you order me something or throw a fit of authority, I won’t take it. However, if you
“I’ll wait for us to talk a bit more before giving one, I already have my idea, but we’re not in a hurry. Therapy takes time.”
She looked just happy, and not angry at all, and for a moment thought she knew nothing at all, until she looked up at him after taking a gulp from her glass. Her expression was much more serious suddenly.
“…About your brother, since I’m gonna meet him, can you tell me what really happened? I mean after all, you know a bit about my past”
They discussed a bit yet, and the conversation eventually went to her previous bosses. “I must say they were really difficult, everything had to be a certain way and if I made the slightest mistake, Dear God I would definitely hear about it! At least here, I’m less pressured.”
When he was little, he had to say this prayer for himself, but the idea of death was scary to him, and he didn’t want Claire to be scared, so he would pray in her stead. He stood and stilled at first when he saw Dean in the doorframe. The man just backed away silently, and left Castiel in the bedroom. The latter eventually stood up, saw Dean wasn’t in the corridor anymore and silently closed the door before going for him. He found him in his bedroom, trading his dress shirt for a simple grey tee-shirt. He had to admit he preferred Dean in simpler outfits like this. It gave him a more reachable appearance.
“True…This place is beautiful, and I was also wondering if New York really was the place for me. I lived here because I hardly knew anything else. Now I start to think maybe there are other places I would enjoy more.”
Castiel frowned, trying to keep composure but his guts churned. Why? He shouldn’t be ashamed: “Why such questions?”
Dean gritted his teeth, but he had to admit he was tired indeed and maybe it was better to sleep close-by.
Claire enjoyed the pool like crazy, there were stuff for kids of course, and she played with a few kids after her father had spent some times teaching her how to swim. Of course she was just clumsily moving for now, it would take times before she could actually swim on her own, but it was good to start teaching her now. At least she liked that pool, and if she could start making friends around, it was for the best. He discussed a bit with the other parents, one recognized him and congratulated him for his marriage. He made his embarrassment pass for nervousness due to his exposure to the public.
This made Sam chuckle. It was strange to think he would be Claire’s dad too. In fact he already was a bit, he bought her a dress, bought things for her room, had a room for her in his house and she was just starting to live here.
The big black cat was waiting for his owner inside, laying nonchalantly on the couch. But when he saw Claire running toward him in excitement, he sprinted away like crazy.
“Yeah, he knows Charlie, but he had never seen me before. And I can really be angel-like when I want. I could try to know more about him and them.”
“What?!” Dean’s face suddenly changed and he went to the window doors and looked outside. Castiel frowned, he expected Dean to be surprised but this was weird. It was like Castiel had told him he broke Dean’s car. The man just paid told Mrs Tidlr she could leave earlier. Sh thought they wanted some ‘alone time’ and just nodded and left quickly.
Dean was nervous as they advanced. He never liked the plane, he had a fear of flying and if it wasn’t for Sam, he wouldn’t have taken the plane. It wasn’t the first time, his job had required it sometimes, and he hated it each time. Claire looked excited as hell however.
She blinked several times, showing she had already heard the name, but couldn’t put her finger on it, and Castiel had to explain her who he was. She seemed stunned to see that man here. “Glad to meet you…You two know each other? I had no idea!”
This almost made Castiel’s heard swirl in shock. “So, just because I talk back, you’re ruining my life? You know anyone else would have just insulted me back, told me to fuck off, why do you have to act like that?”
“It’s too late to drive back to Greenwich Village and we both drank a bit. So we’re going to sleep at my house. After all you said we would spend our nights in the same house. You didn’t say it had to be yours.”
“So those fuckers would rather pretend an eighteen years old guy snatched what they wanted instead of admitting that Ellen would rather sell to me? Pretty pathetic.”
Dean groaned. He didn’t want too many people to know about it! On the other hand, leaving Jo in the dark could have been dangerous, she would have tried to know more, and having her asking questions around and all would have done more wrong than anything. Could he trust Jo with that kind of thing? He didn’t know, they had always been friendly, but he didn’t know how much he could trust her about that kind of things.
Castiel breathed in deeply. He had to think before talking, he could have mentioned Claire, explain that guy he had a child, but he feared it would be worse. He didn’t want that guy to know about Claire. “Listen. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have made such comments, okay. I’ll apologize to you, I’ll do whatever you want, but I…I can’t leave that city, my life is here. And my colleagues are innocent, they didn’t do anything, Anna was mad at me for what I did. Please, don’t make them pay because of me.”
This time, Jonathan looked truly scared and he left, stumbling slightly. Dean just closed the door and turned to Castiel who was standing still, his expression cold and hard. Before Dean could reach him, he went back inside. Without caring whether or not he wanted to be alone, Dean followed his future husband. Castiel went toward his bedroom and closed the door but the other opened before he could lock it. Rolling his eyes, he went to the window and stared outside, refusing to look at Dean. He watched the dark-haired man, wondering what was going through his mind. He had that stone-like face, but he was pale and shaking slightly. Dean gently put his hand on his shoulder, but Castiel swatted his hand away.
That was true indeed. Or maybe he had just seen an occasion to show his power by demanding an apology. “For a moment, I thought of hiding Claire with Anna, but now that he saw her, I can’t. I thought of asking you, but that wouldn’t be a good idea.”
“I want to state that I’m definitely against what our ex-coworker declared. We are in no way supporting any anti-LGBT movements, and myself and several of my co-workers are part of the LGBT community.”
“I know, I’m well aware. I was thinking of jumping, but not like some morbid thing, just what it would be like to dive and how it would feel to swim in those dark waters.”
“Well, if I didn’t have prejudices against you…I must admit I could have been enticed. Maybe I would have danced along and engaged in a small talk too. Maybe I would have asked you to go in a quieter place after dancing a bit. But just for a drink.”
“It’s Marseille’s Tarot. You want me to draw cards for you?” Jessica’s voice surprised him. She sat on the couch, putting down the drinks while Castiel was still standing.
Once home, he let the babysitter go and went to his daughter’s room silently. He watched her sleep, watched the soft rise and fall of her breathing. He wanted to cry at the idea that he might get separated from her, but that was his own damn fault, he should have just held his tongue! He worsened everything, and now he was paying the price. He would just do what was best for her and stop being egoistical. He had to hide her but where? He didn’t have any family left! Well…Actually he got his father, but there was no way Claire would go with him, he would never allow it! He had hardly let his dad see her since she was born.
The little girl seemed to think, and then shook her head. Dean smiled: “On the boat we took, we saw dolphins and whales, even a shark. We’ll do that with your dad.”
“…So do I. I apologize to you, I know what you’re gonna say: it doesn’t change much. But I just want you to know I’m really sorry,” he told her as they were getting a bit away from other people. “And I will do my best to make sure Cas’ is fine.”
Dean didn’t say more. Somehow, he wanted his future husband to ask, but the question never came. Was he afraid of that? He remembered that way he danced in the club, and felt a sting. Would have things been different if he had been able to talk to him sooner?
“I’ll be fine, don’t worry for me. I must say your house is of good taste. I also wants to congratulate you for your marriage, a good wedding can bring so much happiness.”
“Well, I was just using your methods, you know: targeting the loved ones. The only difference is that I did it without insulting your brother.”
He stopped as he saw Dean went to talk to a man standing next a boat. They spoke a bit and the man gave Dean keys.
He stopped there, and Jess gently encouraged him: “Do you want to talk about her? I know your dad took both you and Sam to a shrink after what happened.”
Though Dean’s morning was agitated, it was nothing worse than usual. When he was in his office, Marc, his advertising agent, came to him with a smile.
“You’ve been a real pain in the ass, you know. Usually people will listen to me, but you’re a hard-headed bastard. You should have taken that opportunity to leave when you had it.”
“Yeah, sure, you want to marry me. Can you tell me what you really have in store for me instead of joking?”
It made him smile, if it was really the case he would change the definition of marriage! But not right now obviously…Anyway, after what happened today, it was absolutely not the moment to make a move. He thought of Cas’s scars, of his fury when he had seen his father. Lust wasn’t the only reason why he wanted to touch him: he wished he could comfort him as well. But it would probably be unwelcome right now, he would be crowding him. And considering how he had stormed out of the room after Castiel kissed him…He didn’t want to admit it, but he should have been gentler. Yes, he had been hurt when Castiel had kissed him just as a way to piss off his dad, but his future husband wasn’t thinking straight. He couldn’t blame him for that.
Dean nodded and drank once more. “It was the case, especially after my mother’s death. She worked along with our dad, but they would still managed to spend time with us. It changed when…Well, when my mother died. After that, my father had difficulty to cope, he would still take care of everything, but he was stricter and sadder and often drowned himself in work. He still made us what we are, he wanted what was best for us, I know he worked hard so we would have a good future. He also made us work hard so we could take over the company, he believed in us.”
Dean completely stilled, his mind going blank for a second. He opened his mouth and greedily kissed Castiel and embraced him tightly. He understood absolutely nothing to what was happening but his head was spinning right round. Was it shock or pleasure, he didn’t know, but it felt like relief, a deep hunger satisfied all of sudden. Jolt of pure energy ran through him, he wasn’t just kissing Castiel, he was drinking, absorbing him.
“I was alone with my father then, the two years following were awful. My life was better when I got twelve. We moved to New York and two people you see, two people helped me a lot. First there was Reverend Lowry, the priest who listened to me and helped keep hope and faith.”
“I wasn’t.” He remained silent for a short moment and finally explained: “I guess I have to make it up to you. I didn’t ask my men to beat you, believe me. They were just supposed to bring you to my office.”
She wasn’t happy at all with this, Anna tried to persuade her that they would have fun, and the child seemed a bit less reluctant, though she wouldn’t let go of her dad.
She nodded and took a big gulp of beer. “He told me you had to come and meet him tomorrow at twelve. I don’t know what he wants, he probably hopes you’ll beg or something.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Sometimes, I think you’re more a pitbull than they are,” he showed his sleeping dogs with a slight nod. Castiel just smiled at this. “But well, some people could say a pitbull is a good fit for a shark,” Dean concluded.
The short embarrassed silence quickly died, but it had been noticed, except by the old woman who seemed too much in her world to realize. Her husband seemed embarrassed though. “Oh Lord,” the woman at his side whispered leaning toward him discretely, “that old idiot just hit the sensitive spot.”
He spent the next two hours reading, gardening and checking up on Claire. It was incredibly relaxing to be in that inner yard bathed in the sun, spring leaving to let place to a rising summer. No one was here to interrupt him, he was alone and yet surrounded by those silent growing beings waiting for nothing but growth. Watering, cutting, replanting even, reading and cleaning, this completely took his mind away. It felt good to know he was helping giving those plants fresh air, that he was growing something, growing beauty, and with no pressure. He was just feeling earth in that gigantic city of concrete, and it was soothing. Satisfaction filled him as the work progressed; he liked to learn about gardening.
. “I keep feeling like I forgot something, and so does Dean. We checked out several times, and yet…”
“The Empress can be seen as a symbol of feminine power and energy, whether it’s a motherly one or the one of a seductress, or a woman in an upper position. It can be seen as a card symbolizing self-confidence and seduction, or it’s lack of.”
“No worries either, I’m not gonna rape you, or coerce you, I hate rapists. You’ll be safe, you’ll have your own room in my house.”
“That’s what I told him too. But apparently, it’s serious. He wants to shut off those rumors about him, I don’t know if you heard but some guy working for him made a homophobic statement and associated his company with it.”
“You still didn’t get it, you moron? I wanted you the moment I saw you! And it didn’t lessen after. Do you remember the club?”
“Apparently his dad made him start to work right when he was eighteen. Don’t know what he did to force her to sell, but he wouldn’t have been able to intimidate her easily.”
The man noticed them and smiled. Little Claire would always call him ‘uncle’, even though they weren’t related at all, he was her godfather, but that was maybe a too complicated concept for such a young kid. He was happy to see them both. He excused himself to the people he had been talking to, and went to the young father instead.
“It’s a long story, maybe it should wait for tomorrow. Don’t we have a plane to catch the next afternoon?”
“I did met Kevin, Marc and Jo through the job,” Charlie said, “But I met Dean and Benny during college too.”
The melancholy in those last words was breath-taking. The song stopped there, and Castiel stayed at his daughter’s side, watching as she closed her eyes, and shifted to sleep. Then, after a short moment, Dean saw Castiel joining his hands and pray, murmuring so softly he couldn’t hear, and even the child couldn’t hear.
He left, if Dean wanted to be alone, he wouldn’t insist. He tried to read one of his books, but his mind went back again to the conversation he had with Sam. He really liked the younger Winchester, and he hoped he would cope with this. Yesterday he and Sam had talk and he had told him how much Dean had taken care of him when they were kids. If he had learned that Father Lowry or Ellen had done something like blackmailing someone into marriage, he would have been wrecked, Sam was surely upside down.
He had another joyless, near broken laugh at this: “You don’t even imagine how I felt like, discovering that for years my father had made me feel trapped, desperate, guilty because he said my faith wasn’t strong enough. And then after a conversation with a normal, reasonable person, I finally discovered what was really happening. My world completely changed after that.
“Suicide is a deadly sin, after all, isn’t it? So he told me to pray, and if I was to complain, well, he would hit me or he would give me the belt, depending on his mood.”
Kevin turned to him, showing his huge smile. They shared a kiss, and continued to admire the view while walking hand in hand.
He could hear him approach and yet refused to turn round. “Don’t ever humiliate me like you did yesterday, leaving in spite of my orders.”
Anna pulled him harshly, making him shut up and stumble along with her. He just laughed and Dean could swear he heard something like: “Rich dudes I swear!” He gritted his teeth and felt a rage which himself couldn’t explain. When he was home, he was still thinking about it. Why? Because that fucker dared to mock him, that was all. Then, he could almost hear Sam’s voice in his head: “
“You think you can break me? Try! You won’t be the first one to have a go. But let me tell you one thing, the others failed.”
Although he didn’t want to accept any gifts from him, he had to admit he needed a phone. And he had one here, it would have been stupid to refuse it. “Well…Thanks. Where are we going, though?”
“I never really wanted to talk about it. We aren’t really about talking and having someone hold our hand. But well, I guess I’ll have to talk to Jessica about it…Maybe it’s better if you’re the first person to hear about it from me.”
He remembered the first time Castiel had been in his home. Even though he didn’t want to show it, he had been scared, both by the dogs and well, everything else.
“Who?” Then he saw him. The man he had mocked two nights ago: Dean Winchester. He perfectly knew who he was and Castiel wished he could have spat in his face, remembering what happened once because of him. He thought of slipping away, maybe he could leave the party discretely, but at that moment, Dean turned and saw him. From the look he gave him, he had clearly recognized Castiel.
Oh Hell, Sam and he already had arguments, bad ones at times, but his little brother never looked at him like that. Maybe he would never look at him the same. He could have given all his money to be able to disappear, to go back through time and stop himself from doing all those stupid mistakes.
She was caressing the dogs, and she suddenly spotted their toy and went toward it. As soon as the dogs saw her taking it, they ran to her in excitation and expectation and the child was just puzzled, not knowing what she should do. Dean went at her side and showed her how to play with them with their toys. She was still clumsy with them, and though they were gentle dogs, he didn’t want to take risks. When he threw the toy, she gave him a big smile, laughing as she saw them running after it.
Okay, hope you liked it! The next chapter will come out sooner, I had difficulties with that one but the other is already half-written. Review, please!
It was only two hours later that he went back in his room, this time about to go to sleep, satisfied as he had done some work and found what he wanted. But before he could lay in his bed, he heard the door open and saw Castiel entering his room with casual night clothes.
He honestly had no idea during all those hours whether or not he was doing right, they didn’t stay inside all day, a lot of them went into the garden, in the parts which weren’t set up for the wedding, Claire joined them, and the little girl was praised on how pretty and adorable she was. Cas’ didn’t know whether or not some people said that out of politeness, but he had no doubt some people meant it. His daughter was adorable after all!
“You know, she makes me think about you, not really the kind to throw tantrums and all, pretty quiet, except when you wanted something really bad. You remember how angry she was last Christmas when I told her she couldn’t play with the new watch you offered me?”
The waiter came for their order. Castiel blushed as he realized he hadn’t chosen anything. Dean ordered a Tuscan black pepper beef, and he just took Lasagna, not really caring actually.
“But if you want to know, I told him I was mad at you, but I was fine and so was Claire, and that you didn’t force me into your bed.”
Did he heard that well? He couldn’t even ask, the words were blocked in his throat. That man was a lunatic! No, it was a joke, it couldn’t be otherwise, some sick weird joke coming from some creepy rich guy who was bored. He huffed without amusement.
He wasn’t the first person to tell him that, Sam, his dad, and the shrink he had been sent to also did. Yet he had never been completely convinced of this. Not knowing what else he should say, Cas’ got closer and slowly took him in his arms. This was something Dean probably didn’t expect but he hugged Castiel back eagerly. He had almost expected Castiel to scorn him, but now that he thought about it, it made no sense.
The two brothers hugged each other before saying anything. No matter what happened in the past, right now, they were just happy to see each other.
They went back to the house and started to pack Claire’s stuff. The little girl was obviously confused, looking at them in confusion as they were starting to pack and asking what they were doing with her toys. Castiel gently took her in his arms and petted her hair.
She took him with her among the dancers and started to move along with him, telling him how he reminded her of her husband.
“Please, those gardens, that place and the view, it’s already grandiose enough!” Castiel exclaimed. “A complicated décor would just waste a perfect setting like this one.”
“Don’t be scared, he knows how to handle them, and I don’t think he would do anything in the club Dean own, it would be too risky,” Benny explained, trying to reassure him.
He pushed the old man away, and Jonathan looked like he was about to explode, he raised his hand to strike Castiel but before the latest could do anything, Dean took Jonathan by the arm and pushed him away. It wasn’t in his habit to manhandle physically fragile people, but that one was so despicable he felt no remorse.
“Your father?!” He could see indeed a resemblance between the two, now. But there was something so hard in the man’s look, so bitter, that he could hardly believe this could be Castiel’s dad.
Castiel blushed a bit at this, the priest had often blamed him for his impulsive temper and sharp words.
“You know there is some personal stuff I want back! Seriously, why does it bother you? People knows we are about to live together, it won’t seems so incredible for me to spend one night away from you!”
Dean hesitated and drunk what was left of his coffee quickly. “I guess. I have to go to work, in the meantime, you should see who among your friends can attend the wedding.”
But he couldn’t help it, once his parents were both dead there was no point making it grow. It was painful for him to get in here, and no one else was there to enjoy it. Until now.
“Well, I didn’t want my sister-in-law to travel, she is pregnant, so it was better to have it here. Otherwise, Castiel and I agreed pretty quickly on what we wanted.”
He had led Crowley to Jo’s office, he had the keys to it, and he knew she wouldn’t mind him being in here. The man just sat and looked at him with a very serious face while Dean stood, leaning against Jo’s desk with his arm crossed, facing Crowley.
He went toward it and stopped when the door opened. Castiel sprung out, holding something and stopped immediately in his tracks when he saw who was waiting for him. As for Dean, he was astonished as the something happened to be a little girl. She had her little arms around the man’s neck, and Castiel was also carrying a big bag on his shoulder.
This came with a big smile though, it was nice to see his big brother hadn’t completely changed. He turned to Cas’ then, and extended his hand.
“Yes, I do know about it, your wife probably knows more than I do, but I know it, and I know the victims tends to take their captor’s side…It’s not my case, I don’t excuse what your brother did. I think I could forgive him one day, but he still has to make up to me. He wronged me, I won’t ever justify what he did.”
Of course! Dean had found himself dealing with Dick Roman, a new rising mob boss, and rumors said Crowley was eying Roman’s territory. And having big names in New York on his side could only play in his favor. Crowley stood up from his chair.
“And the Judgment. It can be your own judgment, the one of people around you or society in general. It can advise you to advance on your path in spite of other’s opinions, or on contrary to change your visions of some things.”
“Wow, calm down! It was just a nickname for the fights! Whenever he was in the ring, he was always careful of his face, he would always make sure no one could hit it! And that’s…”
He knew that, and yet he didn’t feel any guilt. Dean Winchester was the kind who would crush others, so honestly, who cared if he got vaguely offended? And yet he would comply, Anna had put everything into that school, and she had given him an opportunity when he really needed it, when he was jobless with a toddler to rise alone. Also, she had promised that in the future, his daughter would be able to attend their school, without having to pay for the entrance fees. That would be wonderful for her. That was why he had worked so hard, that and the devotion he felt toward his students. So if apologizing to that rich sod was all it took to keep that future, be it.
“As for me I’m a psychiatrist,” Jessica explained. “I’m not specialized yet, I still hesitate. Oh, I forgot, you want to drink something? We have some nice wine.”
Without answering, Cas’ immediately attacked first with a punch which Dean dodged, and he aimed at his ribs only to receive a blow on his upper chest. As Castiel went to grab him for a hold, Dean seized his arm and went for a kick to the back of his legs, making Castiel loose balance. As he fell, he grabbed Dean’s shirt, making them fall together. Dean landed back first against Cas’ and the man immediately got a chock hold on his neck, not tightening it enough to actually smother Dean, but pinning the man’s body against his own.
He just left, one of the dogs followed him at first but soon returned to his other companion. He had to admit he kinda liked his blue room, it was strangely soothing with the warm light. He looked outside, he could see the street and had to admit he somehow missed the Queens. It felt homely, this place wasn’t his world. Sighing, he took his new phone and decided to pay some attention to what was said in the media. Some indeed praised their courage, praised their modernity and somehow Castiel felt good about it, thinking that it could send a good message. But others just said it was a pathetic thing with a male Cinderella to conquer the public.
“I’m pretty ashamed to be called your father, even more than before! Two men going together is an abomination, it’s written in the Bible!”
“A guy like me who makes phones, computers and that kind of stuff has some talented hackers among his employees. Usually, they actually protect our network, but I gave one of them a mission to make sure every traces of the conversation you recorded would be destroyed. And she managed to find every traces of it and delete it. Now, your phone was the last proof to destroy.”
. Apparently he had been talking about that, and it honestly made him want to beat down the old fucker for all of this. He didn’t say a word though and let him continue.
Dean laughed at this and shrugged. In normal times he would have just teased his little brother but he had decided to smooth it down a bit. A bit. “I just missed you.”
They stayed in the garden but far enough from Jessica so she wouldn’t hear, he didn’t want her to know about it yet. As Sam explained him what he heard and told him about his conversation with Dean, Castiel didn’t know what to say. He was happy to know that someone had given Dean a good dressing down, but on the other hand he didn’t want Sam to worry. He was obviously agitated.
“We went to Cuba, it’s beautiful! One day we would like to go to Japan as well, but maybe later when the baby will be born.” She had a smile while saying that, her hands caressing her belly.
“By the way, Jess will have another exam tomorrow: we should finally know whether or not the baby is a boy or a girl.”
Eventually and to their relief, night came and after a good diner, drinks and some dancing, people started to leave to their room. Immediately, their friends gathered around them.
Castiel was back in the garden and saw Jessica was alone and relaxing, looking at the landscape. He was about to join her when Sam intercepted him.
“Both, I needed to speak with you but I also wanted to congratulate you for your wedding,” he spoke the last words while turning to Castiel who didn’t dare to say anything. Immediately, Dean shifted to put himself between him and Crowley, he didn’t want that mobster around his friends and even less around Castiel. Thank God Claire wasn’t here. Putting a firm hand on Crowley’s shoulder, Dean gave him that smile and look which had hint of threat.
“Thank you,” Castiel replied with emotion. “I know it’s weird, but I’m starting to get a bit attached to him.”
He looked at the sea below and started as Castiel was looking down as well, a way to give him a bit of space so he wouldn’t feel observed like a lab rat.
He really wanted nothing but pin him against his car or a wall, and remind him who the boss was, and then…Dirty images flashed through his mind. Yet this wasn’t the moment, he had to go on with the act. It was hard to keep collected but he did and followed him. Castiel kept his hand in his, and they both smiled. His friends were whispering among one another. This time, he would be the one taking Dean out of his comfort zone.
In fact…The more he thought about it, the more he was sure preparing the wedding too fast was a bad idea. He would have to tell Marc about it, but it was better to wait at least seven weeks. It wasn’t for his pleasure, but now that he thought about it, the rush would be ludicrous, even suspicious to the public. Them announcing their engagement already was viewed by some as a show, so if they rushed the wedding…Yeah, and as Charlie said, he ahd to get to spend some time with Cas’. The man was going through a lot already, maybe waiting would feel smoother.
“Oh, I forgot, this is the dangerous Dean Winchester I’m talking to,” Cas’ murmured putting the book down.
Actually, he would probably leave the woman be. He just wanted to let the man believe he had ruined his friend’s career. But honestly, that chick could be left alone. He watched as Castiel turned his back to him without a word and left. He didn’t see the professor smirking, though.
“Yeah, yeah, be glad I’m asking your first name already, I usually don’t care. You know you’d rather do a bit more effort if you want to obtain any fund.”
His voice was trembling at those words, and this time, Castiel couldn’t even ask him to continue. Dean decided he would omit
Maybe, but he was dubitative. Though he had to admit some sort of curiosity animated him as well now, he wondered what kind of man Dean Winchester was, he had hated him before but had been unable to know him. Lowry looked at Claire and smiled.
“You really think that can be an excuse? You were wrong, point! Would you have done it, for real? Would you have ruined his entire life just over some defiance?!”
Castiel found himself agape at such words. Dean snorted: “And you wonder why the hell I wanted you. You have no idea how a man like you can make people feel.”
Castiel was surprised but smiled bitterly and shrugged: “Well…I know you wanted to comfort me at first, I wasn’t exactly…Receptive.”
Castiel didn’t answer anything, he seemed deep in thoughts. This was pretty unnerving, he had questions and people would usually answer the best way they could.
“Why not?” He opened the door and let her get in. “That kind of event, you chat, but you can hardly say what you have on your heart.”
He smiled to that, she was really sweet. He also knew she had a thing for him, and he had honestly considered it. She would have been a great mother for Claire, she was kind and smart, and he liked her. Yet no matter how he turned it over in his head, he just couldn’t imagine them together, he couldn’t picture the two of them in bed, or being a real couple. He couldn’t picture them in intimacy, and he wouldn’t get involved with her just because she could be a good mother.
Before Castiel could ask anything, Dean pulled himself away, stood up and stormed out of the room, giving Castiel a hateful glare. He left the man here, lying limply on the bed. The man remained here, staring at the ceiling, when he heard his daughter waking up.
Dean frowned, he didn’t know what to think of Castiel’s little grin. He titled his head and smiled with a bit of smugness. Well, he didn’t want an argument, but a little game wouldn’t feel bad.
Castiel didn’t know what to answer, he was just really happy. Reverend Lowry didn’t know what to say either, he never had any children and he wasn’t expecting someone to ever ask him that. He had celebrated many marriages but never had taken anyone to an altar.
When he thought about it, he had never shown anyone his scars willingly. Some people had noticed those eventually, but he had never purposefully showed them. He almost stopped as if he had just realized that: Dean Winchester was the first person with whom he had done that. Why? Because he had felt guilty for kissing him just to defy his father?
This made Dean genuinely smile in glee: he really wished him to be as comfortable as possible. He leaned a bit closer toward him, their arms pressed against one another. They eventually made their entrance to some of the guests who had gathered inside the hotel.
“Okay, then. We can talk about different subjects, start with things which aren’t too difficult.” She saw he was a bit uneasy, not knowing hat to start with. Well, that was normal, they just decided right now, he had no time to think of what he would say. “Maybe we could do an exercise to start with.”
They reached Greenwich Village and Castiel looked at everything. It was a beautiful place, full of life, yet something bothered Castiel here. He looked around and though it would be nice to stroll through the streets, he knew he would miss his home. Dean noticed he was upset, and wondered what he could say to cheer him a bit.
Castiel huffed and rolled his eyes: “I want you to leave us alone. Don’t persecute Anna or the school, and I want to stay in that city. I won’t get my job back, if that can satisfy you, but I don’t want the school or my friends to suffer.”
He was really trying to spare him as much work as possible considering he already had to take care of Claire. He heard his phone buzzing and remembered what he had to do.
The sting was painful, he knew he would have such reaction. Claire loved being with him, she was a sensitive child, very loving and she didn’t like to be left alone. God, what would she feel like? “I know, sweetie, but you have to.”
He felt quite weird calling him like that, to think this was indeed the man he would marry. Even that bruise on his jaw couldn’t waste his beauty. Yet he didn’t like it.
He wouldn’t help. After all, he had been forced to do this, why should he help? But weirdly, a part of him felt less hostile toward Dean. Maybe because of what happened yesterday? But the idea to see the West Coast was cheering him, he had never traveled that far.
“You think?” Well, it had been pretty obvious indeed, but was it really the reason why he had done this?
Castiel was still in the living room, and though Dick’s face was vaguely familiar, he couldn’t remember him. The man smiled politely to him and extended his hand to him.
“Yeah, we lost contact for a bit and met again,” Benny explained. “I lived in Portland for some times.”
With the little girl’s voice came sound of soft banging against a door. Dean stood up and rubbed his face, he expected to hear Castiel open his door but nothing came; He put on his pants quickly, not wanting the kid to see him in his underwear and exited the room. Claire was at her father’s door, trying to open it, but she was still a bit too small, and she looked at the verge of crying. What was her dad doing? She looked at him with hope.
He tried not to smile too much as Castiel laid at his side, even though he knew he couldn’t touch him, it was satisfying to have him in his bed. It was what he had wanted from the very first time he had seen him, but funny enough, he thought he would have Castiel for a few nights of sex, not that he would chastely lay at his future husband’s side.
“Veronica had managed to escape, the others didn’t. Months later, she had been found, dead. She had been strangled, but her body had been in the water, and for too long to allow the police to find any DNA or traces. Her murderer was never found, but she had made numerous enemies apart from my dad and the mobster who helped him. Honestly I would have thanked whoever it was if I had seen them.”
He did as she asked, and picked up five cards. She asked him to align and turn those so they could see.
He sighed: “What you say makes sense, I know it. But sometimes it’s…I don’t know, maybe I should have had more serious relationships in the past.”
He took a deep breath, it was painful to remember that, but he went on: “He didn’t really want to punish Sam, it was just a way to make Jessica show her true colors. We were sure she would dump Sam as soon as he would be broke. Well, it was the contrary. She said that if Sam was ready to throw away everything for her, then he was the man of her life. She actually supported him at first, I heard, before he got a job. My father offered to send him money afterward, to make peace and so did I, but Sam refused, he was mad at us.”
“Then I would have accepted and bought you a drink. I would have continued with some touches, I would have continued to make eye contact, ‘cause you got some goddamn eyes.”
The question was asked gently, without any kind of grudge and Cas’ nodded. Now he could imagine what Castiel had felt like, being poor and alone, having to escape from a violent father and seeing the only person who gave him a roof leave suddenly…He had probably seen Dean as a rich brat who didn’t hesitate to crush people and he didn’t prove him wrong when they met…
The child didn’t answer but watched as Dean opened the door and got in. He stilled in the doorframe for a second, his heart missing a beat. Castiel was lying on the bed with his eyes open, and his body completely still. Was he…
Hell, if he hadn’t seen Jonathan Novak he might have thought Castiel was inventing this, but he had seen the man, and the scars.
Though he didn’t reply immediately, Dean pondered over those words. After a rather quick breakfast, they went own toward the beach, the little girl was very excited, looking at the waves with fascination. Once they walked on the sand, she ran toward the water and her dad caught her back, not wanting her to go alone.
He could see that Castiel grew paler and immediately knew there was something more than simple fear for his privacy. He would know what, definitely. “You’re coming with me, after.”
He heard Sam chuckle a bit and had to contain his emotion. It was so good to hear him again! He bit his lip: “And…Jess? How is she?”
“We’re both hard-headed, I guess it’s a good thing we have common tastes. It’s only the music which was a problem, I’m more into rock, metal, and he is more into pop or traditional stuff. We agreed on a Chris Isaak song for the first dance, he loves that singer and I rather like him.”
Castiel internally thanked the man for that, and Lexie gladly went away. Dean didn’t say anything else, just looking at Castiel, loving the way he was holding back. He wanted to punch him, that was obvious but he couldn’t and he knew it. It just made him want to push further. He gave a taunting smile to Castiel.
That was Dan’s voice. He was coming toward them and Castiel braced himself for the confrontation. He knew Ellen, she wasn’t the kind to hold her tongue either. But at Castiel’s surprise, Ellen just smiled and held out her hand.
“Come on, people won’t know what we do inside, but if they see you leave now, they will wonder, and you wouldn’t want them to know you’re refusing to sleep in my house because it’s too modest for you? That would sound snobbish, and not quite like a man who would choose a lowly teacher to share his life.”
He smiled when he saw Jo, the manager, coming toward him. She had been doing a damn good job for now, he knew he could trust her to handle things here. He admired her frame, in other circumstances, he would have probably made a move on her, but he knew he had to separate sex and work. She was a good worker and he didn’t want to loose an employee like her over a simple one-night stand.
He was indeed sad to leave his neighborhood, it wasn’t perfect, but he had his friends and life here. And Claire, it was her home. They eventually stopped, the house was among an ensemble, aligned with others, and strangely enough, Castiel would have imagined something bigger. Didn’t guys like Dean usually live in Mansions or something like that with a huge garden around. But now, it was still huge and the kind of place he could never afford. His own small house was nothing at all compared to it. Dean smiled at his face: “What did you imagine?”
“Actually I think I can. I just meant to say I know how abusers can be, and that’s all you need to know.”
They descended toward the beach and then the rocks, and Sam showed the little passage. It wasn’t hard to take, but it wasn’t that easy to find for people who weren’t familiar with the surroundings. The waves would go through the rocks and dampen their feet and ankles. The beach was small and in a moon-like shape, at the feet of the abrupt cliff. You couldn’t see the city from here, it looked like a shelter facing the ocean.
Castiel shrugged and went back to what he was reading. The little girl was starting to wave her legs, and Dean picked up the signs of impatience. Even though she was fascinated by the view outside, she was still a child and sitting for too long was annoying to her.
“Oh, that’s a good idea,” Castiel replied, a bit uneasy, remembering it was in their agreement he had to act loving in public. “Hum, how was your day?”
“You should have known, you should have tried to know who you were attacking! And seriously, Dean, even if he had been a bit douchy, you overreacted, big time!”
Dean’s breathing was shaking a bit now: where did he go? To that Mrs Simmons? Was he hiding his daughter for good? No, he spoke of her to the reporters, he wouldn’t. But for fuck’s sake, why couldn’t he obey?!
In the morning, and in spite of his frustration, Dean couldn’t help but smile when he saw Castiel and more of all when he saw the slight twinge of shyness in him. He wasn’t shy often, after all, so it did mean something.
“Well, the story you heard is quite true. He met Jessica when he was like seventeen. She was really a middle-class girl, and maybe it was the way she was so impressed by everything we had, but we were suspicions. My father and I thought she was with him for money. Now that I think about it, it was maybe natural for her to react like that, she wasn’t used to those things. We argued a lot about it with Sam. One day, he told us they intended to live together and that he would propose her in the future. My father told him that they had to break up otherwise Sam would have no money from him anymore.”
“Well, we’ll marry to the West Coast, and…Well, I’m gonna meet his brother.” He looked at her and knew this wasn’t the answer she wanted. But truth to be told, he didn’t have much to give. “I don’t really know what’s in the future for me, honestly. I don’t think that situation would be that bad for Claire, for me I don’t know. He is a douche, but not dangerous, however I’m loosing the life I had because of him.”
The thugs were put in a cell quickly, as for Dean and Cas’, they got home as soon as they reported it. The dogs greeted them with whimpers, as if they could feel something happened, an Cas’ immediately went to see his daughter. It was weird, but he needed to see her whenever something like that happened. He silently went in her room and distinguished her small frame in a bed and heard her breathing. Fearing to wake her up, he went out. The nanny was sleeping in the room beside hers, of course, she was a professional and yet Cas’ kinda wished Mrs Simmons had been the one to babysit her.
He sighed. “You know I always thought those traditions were a bit stupid, I mean why would it be bad luck to see each other before marrying?”
Now, this was a strange thing to say, Castiel took his hand away, but accepted to swim with Dean who lead him toward rocks. He felt the need to pin Cas’ gently against those and kiss him, in fact, maybe he could do it. It wouldn’t be their first kiss and they were supposed to act as a couple before people. The water hugged their waist, the waves crashing gently against them. He gently pushed him against the closest rock, careful not to hurt him.
He explained her they would live her and she was confused at first, then a bit sad for her old house, and then she was also happy because she would see the dogs and have this new room. She walked around with enthusiasm, wanting to touch everything, and her dad, Dean and Mrs Tidler had to watch her very carefully and stop her many times before she could break anything.
Yeah…Maybe Sam was right. He felt the need to call Castiel right now, he didn’t know why, but he just wanted to talk to him, even if it was only small talk. But well, maybe he was busy, and he had too much work for now
Dean bit his lip. It wasn’t that impossible; he had noticed Arthur Damian wasn’t working as well as usual, and several employees had complained about his behavior, but he hadn’t thought he would have spied on him. That and the hacking attempt…But wait, was Crowley even saying the truth?
Castiel assured him he would be fine, but still took his number, just in case and to reassure him. He stayed in the house after Jess and Sam left in spite of Sam’s invitation, Claire was already sleeping in her room and it wasn’t as if he was in danger. He went to find Dean who was in the room they shared. He was sitting on the bed, his hands covering his mouth, obviously deep in thoughts. Dean made him think of himself after his father had visited him.
“You should take her fear a bit more seriously. I was also intimidated by your mom at first,” he told her, startling her a bit.
Dean smiled tightly at those words, and looked at the woman who pronounced them. Some would say Bela Talbot had class, some would be entranced by her beauty, but to Dean, she was just some politician’s daughter who was really cliché whenever she was trying to seduce someone. In fact, she was pretty much the femme fatale cliché all the time, taking people just for money and power, thinking herself extremely smart when her overconfidence made her commit a lot of mistakes in the past. Dean knew what she wanted: she was just trying to get a rich guy, but she had no feelings for him. Maybe she was attracted to his body, and considered it as bonus.
“I’ll tell you the general meaning of those, but those changed with times and the interpretations vary a lot, so don’t think this is an exact science. It can apply to the past, present, and future.”
“Yeah, somehow. I am officially a member of the Church of Hope now. I saw Miller but all he did was greet me among them. It seems like he is very happy to know we’ll meet on a regular basis.”
“You need me. You might have trapped me, you still need something from me, you wouldn’t want people to think you’re a bad husband after all? Don’t make things difficult for me, that’s all I ask. Until now, I had reasonable wishes, it’s up to you whether or not you can be reasonable too. It would a nice change.”
“Wait, you two! You know you can’t stay in the same room together tonight!” Lenore reminded them on a teasing voice.
“Well, we have some things to discuss, and we should spend some times together. After all what’s more normal for future newlyweds than have a date?”
“Of course, and I know the most important is that we got happily married. But, I don’t know, a marriage by the ocean is just really great. We should come back here for vacation, don’t you think?”
He said that to reassure him, but he actually had no insurance. He knew damn well that some people didn’t shy away from targeting children. Unwanted memories resurfaced again and he bit his lip. When he asked Castiel to marry him, he didn’t know someone was trying to get to him, now he knew and he was scared for the two of them. Maybe they wouldn’t be targets, maybe those thugs had only been sent for him, maybe Castiel wasn’t supposed to be here. Yet he doubted that. He would have to be very careful. Could he trust Crowley? After all the man did warn him, but maybe that was because he wanted to make Dean drop his guard.
She was disappointed but still happy. When they finally went to the airport, Dean decided to drive, though he had a driver, he sometimes liked to go by himself. And this time was one of those, especially since he wanted to discuss some things with his future husband. To be honest, he was pretty impatient to get out of here, not only to see Sam but also because he wanted to get away. He knew someone was plotting against him, and it was better to be away from New York for some times, it would be better for Cas’ and Claire, and even for himself. It would give him time to think. As Claire started to doze in the car, lulled by the moves of the car, Dean decided to go back to their last night’s conversation.
“Oh yeah? Should we talk about Lexie and Anna again?! And you being a misogynist pig is already enough, but what if you’re violent or a perv’? How can I know you won’t prey on my daughter one day…”
“Just a party between friends and neighbors. You said I had to act loveable toward you, didn’t you? Well, promise you won’t insult my friends, and I will.”
“…We’ll see about it, but well, you won’t need to work that much, you’ll be married to someone rich.”
In fact, though he still didn’t know him since long, he wondered if Dean would really have carried on with his threats. What if it had been bluff all along? That was something he would probably figure out with time.
He was pretty sure he would be fired, he should have just shut up, there was no way poor people could stand up to powerful ones.
“Considering your interpretation of the Lovers, I guess you didn’t do that just out of strategy, there was something else.”
. I kinda wished for something more rocking, but well I guess a more classic song can be good too,” Dean concluded.
With a slight nod he showed him two women looking in their direction. He had noticed them looking at Cas and at him too. “They probably wish you were shirtless. So do I, but not for them.”
“He isn’t exactly a friend of mine. I have eyes and ears on him, but I suspect him to have some on me as well, and in your club.”
“Calm down, sweetie! We’re at the house for the holiday, you remember? We’ll go to the sea, can you hear it?”
Castiel sighed: “I just…I have the impression I’m throwing her to the wolves. I mean, as long as I’m around I would never let anything happen to her, but I fear that if I turn my back, he’ll take advantage of it and hurt her. And if that happens, how could I leave someone rich and powerful? I don’t care what he does to me, but I can’t let anyone hurt her.”
Sorry for the time it took to update! I must say that one was awkward to write, maybe simply because it was awkward for the characters. Not my fav chapter but not bad either, I liked to write the scenes on the beach! Hope you’ll enjoy it!
Dean smiled a bit, though he was a bit skeptical. “Considering how I acted with him, I doubt it. Did it ever happen to you? You do something to someone, then feel so awful about it you wonder how you could do that?”
“I didn’t speak to you, damn heathen!” The insult just made Dean snort, that dude was just crazy! And seriously, was that even an insult? He turned to his son again. “A good son shouldn’t disobey his father’s wishes, you already let me rot alone, and now you’re doing this! You’ll burn in Hell for that!”
Cas’ had just been grabbed from behind by the broadest of his two opponents but he kicked the other one right in the crotch before he could take advantage of that to hit him. Gathering himself, Dean’s opponent pushed him against the closest car before he could go and help Cas’. Growling, he retaliated with a head butt and kicked the thug away toward the closest wall. As the guy crashed against it, Dean grabbed his face and pushed his head hard against the bricks. Crumbling, the man fell at Dean’s feet.
Dinner was rather quiet that evening, Dean and Cas’ had things to talk about but not before Claire. It was only once her father put her to bed that he knew he would be able to have a real conversation with Dean. He went back to the kitchen, he needed to drink some water. He poured some in a glass and heard footsteps behind him.
Dean looked back at the ocean again, thinking of Castiel’s words. There would be some thrills indeed to imagine what it would be like to swim in those dark waters, to have the ocean for yourself. “You love it, don’t you?”
“Pretty much. After all, the sooner the better, because we’ll announce our relationship to the public shortly. I don’t want people to think I’m homophobic, or that I support them.”
He was led in Dean’s office again, the man still keeping his gun the whole time. He remembered when he had been here during daytime, it had been animated, stressful even. But here, it was night, no one was here, except for them and the man awaiting them, of course. He wiped the blood dripping from his lip away. He was scared, he tried to reassure himself and think that if Dean Winchester wanted him dead he would have had him killed not captured him.
“There aren’t many people coming there, it’s only accessible through the water of through a passage between rocks,” she explained.
“You’re not gonna tell me that Central park is not a great place for a wedding!” Kevin also replied with a smile. “We both loved it.”
He spoke loudly enough to be heard by people around, and Dean felt a cold shiver of surprise and anger. He didn’t expect that little man to reply so openly like this.
Dean was about to fell asleep, the alcohol helping, when he heard his door opening. He just distinguished Castiel in the dark.
“Take it also as some kind of engagement gift, after all you’re gonna marry an acquaintance of mine, I must say it was strange to see you with Angel Face…”
He wasn’t he first person to ask Castiel that, but maybe Dean would be the first person to have real answer.
Dean and Cas’ looked at each other and then back at the attackers. Even the thugs didn’t see it coming. They threw themselves at the three men, Castiel immediately punching one before elbowing another while Dean disarmed the one with the knife by twisting his arm as hard as he could. The guy let go of the knife but elbowed Dean in the chest, making him release his grasp and punched him in the face. Backing away, Dean was still not down, though. Dodging another blow, he gave a hard punch between the guy’s ribs. The guy bent over in pain, but before Dean could attack again, a yelp from Castiel took his attention.
Dean stood up and approached him slowly. “It’s very simple: I can’t forgive someone humiliating me, only my family can get away with that kind of defiance. A rat defying me would get crushed, I could only drag them in the mud and leave them bleeding on the ground to remind everyone who I am, but I could forgive my future husband some bad words.”
Some of you might ask me, who is on top, and who bottoms, I honestly leave that to your imagination, I’m epersonally not into descriptive sex scenes, I prefer veiled erotism ^^
Dean hesitated and his expression was so grave Castiel realized there was something else, something really bad.
Castiel opened his mouth but Anna caught his arm immediately, reminding him to shut up. At this moment, he resented Anna for not letting him defend Lexie. Sure, he wasn’t in love with her, but he liked her, and he didn’t want any guys to disrespect her. He knew she was quite shy, she wouldn’t find the words against this guy. Lexie was pale like she had seen a ghost, and trembling. Harold took her by the arm gently.
“Don’t think this is because I’m obeying you. Let’s say I just visited a friend who helped me to take a decision.”
With one last kiss to his wife, Sam went to the water. Claire went to run off to go swim as well and her dad followed her. Dean first thought of joining them but he looked down at Jessica who was relaxing. It was a good occasion to talk to her.
“Come on, man, he doesn’t look bad, it’s just plain clothes. And with his face, the women inside will be happy.”
The third man suddenly grabbed him by behind, restraining him while the biggest guy got up. Castiel trashed and sent his elbow in his captor’s side. The other suddenly punched him in the jaw, making his lip bleed. Castiel yelped and kicked him hard in the stomach, and then sent his skull back to hit the man holding him right in the nose. His captor yelped in pain and lessened his hold. Tearing himself away from it, Castiel elbowed him hard in the jaw before returning to the biggest man who was still recovering from the kick.
“Ah, here you are. Please, sit.” His tone was taunting, it was a big change compared to this morning when he had looked and sounded upset and angry. Since he had no choice, he sat facing Dean who frowned and looked at his henchman quizzically. He just saw the open lip and the bruise on Castiel’s face, but noticed the right side of his employee’s jaw had grown purple too.
Dean watched him leave silently. He wasn’t even sure whether or not things were going well, Cas’ was less angry, but still distant. Maybe some times together would really help know each other. He looked at the landscape, thinking too, about what happened today, about Jess and Sam. They looked happy together, and right no he envied Sam. Looking at the sea, he wondered what his life would have been like, if maybe he had met Castiel in different circumstances, maybe when they were younger, before any prejudices could occur. How would have things evolved? His father would have probably been disapproving of Castiel, and himself…He wouldn’t have given his trust that easily.
“There was a time I didn’t have much money, I had to study to become a teacher, and then I had Claire. Her mother left when she was only a few weeks old. So even if I had a small student loan, I still had a lot of bills to pay. I knew how to fight, and I had already done that in illegal rings when I was a teen, so it was one of the best way to gain money. Those were happening at night, so during the day, I was free to juggle between my daughter and my studies.”
He thought over it, he hadn’t been expecting that and he didn’t what they were going to discuss, but the idea of being alone again was almost repulsive right now. He needed to talk to someone and Jess was ready to listen. Still, he felt awkward.
In spite of her slightly nosy personality, he liked her. Once they were done eating, he played a bit with Claire and got her to bed for her afternoon nap. She had spent a lot of energy in the swimming pool, and he bet she would sleep for a long time. Well, he would have to kill some times, Sue was here to work, he couldn’t talk to her all the time. He could read, after all there was an entire room dedicated to that here. Or…He passed before the inner court, with the desolated garden.
“Veronica’s older brother, he had…He was a sicko, and he came into the room after some times, to give us some food. He was one of the guys who kidnapped us, and I didn’t like the way he was holding me in the car, so when he came in I was…I knew something would go wrong.”
All of sudden, Dean leaned toward him and Castile thought for a second he was going to kiss him but the man backed away with a teasing smile and Castiel huffed in relief and amusement; people around though this was just a lovers teasing. Then Dean took him by the hand and drew him closer again, Castiel allowed him to do so, he was feeling safe in spite of everything. They continued to dance, eyes locked, their pride stopping them from looking away.
“No…And I’m currently living with someone who won’t fear him either. You should have seen how Dean kicked him out of the house!”
He knew what he meant by that: the reverend had been accused of pedophilia years ago, by parents who wanted to avenge themselves because Lowry had pressed charge against them for trying to steal in the church. They had eventually admitted it was a lie, but today, some people still believed those.
Although he wasn’t showing it, Dean was worried as well. This was unusual, and with the mob, it was rarely a good thing. Sasquatch followed them in the office and he could see Dick throwing a rather nervous glance at the dog, something which was quite at Dean’s satisfaction.
“You should try one day,” he jokingly declared before becoming serious again. “Anyway you’ll probably need to make a statement,” he suggested to his boss.
Castiel was indeed busy, not only because he had to take care of Claire but because he had some people to see, and he would also have an appointment for his wedding outfit. He had planned to visit Anna, Lexie and Zack, the latters would come of course, even though they weren’t really enthusiastic to see Dean again, as they both told him on the phone, but Castiel still wanted them to come. But first, he would visit Reverend Lowry, not only to reassure him on how and Claire were doing but also because he wanted to ask him something. Right now he was sitting in the old man’s living room, Claire playing around them. The Reverend had prepared some tea and it did feel soothing to be with him
“Yeah, you can say that. Our new DJ is gaining more and more popularity, I’m glad I got that one. It hadn’t been easy to get him to leave his previous club for us, but as you see, I got what I wanted.”
It was strange how weirdly he wanted to seduce him and get revenge at the same time. Yet seeing him like that had lessened that anger against him.
A silence passed, and Dean looked at Castiel all the while. He had thousands of questions in his head, right now, and only the shame stopped him from asking. But hell, he was Dean Winchester, wasn’t he? He shouldn’t have been afraid to ask anything.
“What else?” Dean wondered how much he would ask for. It didn’t matter much because he had no intention to pay, he had already dealt with blackmail in the past. But he wanted to let Castiel think he had won.
He nodded, not really knowing what to say. If he had been really in love, it would have been worth it, but he wasn’t? And Lord, she seemed to be a really nice person, once again it was so strange, having to lie. There was a time in his life he had to lie and dissimulate, that was when he was still a kid and living with his father, and he had hated it.
Castiel smirked bitterly and turned round, remaining in Dean’s arms. They were so close their foreheads were touching. “I was, when Claire’s mother abandoned us. But I never forced anyone to stay with me. I always respected myself and the others.”
Claire literally jumped in joy when Dean told her those words, Castiel had to hold her so she wouldn’t rush toward it, he didn’t want her to fall in the water accidentally. She was totally dazzled by that, and her dad was pretty amazed too. As they stepped on the boat, he finally sat her down and looked at Dean in amazement.
“Blame the tradition!” Kevin exclaimed as they reached the room. “Dearie, unlike you, I’m already married, and a bit dizzy with all the champagne I drank, so I’m gonna get to Marc and remind him I’m happy to be with him every freakin’ day of my life!”
At his dismay, Dean realized that laying at Castiel’s side like that would have its hard side as well.
Castiel was still horribly worried, but it was maybe better to change subject. He needed time to reflect over the situation. “You sure no one will think it’s suspect that they never heard about me?”
Both of them laughed a bit. The sound of waves was endearing and relaxing. Dean had checked out everything, the table plans had been made, the buffet should be served in time, they had tried out their suits, and the gardens were perfectly set. Now they’ll just have to do social duties and maybe re-explain Claire about the way she’d have to behave.
At least she was reassured: it didn’t seem like Dean had bad intention toward that Castiel dude. Although he was her friend she knew he could be ruthless, and she had feared for the teacher. She would still keep an eye on them. Although she didn’t show anger, she was aware Dean was doing something screwed up, yet getting him angry wasn’t the best thing to do, neither for her nor for Castiel. She went back to work, determined to find the hacker.
They didn’t manage to reach to them again but they could watch them as they played around the boat for some times. Castiel had never seen dolphins in real life; he didn’t imagine they were so big! They had some kind of subtle grace in the way they moved so easily and so quickly. He kissed the top of Claire’s head.
“Yeah, it would be better! I guess you wanted to do that thing: keeping your friend close and your enemy closer; but if that guy really thinks he is cornered with no issue, he might actually do something dangerous, especially since he has a child. And anyway, holding that guy against his will, you know it’s wrong.”
Although Zack was still upset over it, Lexie was more forgiving, and at the end of lunch, she had stopped pouting already. But he feared that Zack and he wouldn’t be as close as they used to be. He cursed Dean mentally for making him lie. Taking him and his daughter away from their house was one thing, but now because of him, his relationship with a friend could be ruined.
“Oh, you know, they got some ways of getting money which aren’t all that clean. I don’t like them, but business is business. Thing is, I heard that apparently, that guy who declared you and your company supported the Church, he didn’t exactly do that on his own.”
Dean leaned closer. He didn’t like sleeping alone either, though he still couldn’t touch, Cas’s presence in his bed had never been that welcome.
Dean sighed and rubbed his face. “And why is it so important to you that you have to be such a bitch?”
Dean was about to reply when Claire and Jessica arrived in their direction, laughing, the little girl still running with the woman behind her. She threw herself at her dad, taking refuge in his arms.
“I guess so! He always liked women too young for him! But remember: don’t push it too hard at first, just be warm so he’ll come to you.”
This time he was entirely sincere. Whoever was doing this wouldn’t hide in the shadows for long, Dean wouldn’t let them. A plan started to form in his mind, it would take some times, though. They landed smoothly, and Dean was relieved to finally walk out. Castiel was carrying Claire in his arms, a warm wind blew strongly as they walked outside of the plane. A buzzing sound was heard and Dean’s guts tightened as he saw it was a message from Sam indicating where he and Jessica were waiting.
The next day after visiting Dean’s home was a Sunday, and Castiel went with his daughter to the Mass, as he would always do, but not in their usual church. He went into a poorer street of the Queens, quite far from the one he lived in. It was familiar, though, painfully so. Castiel was holding Claire’s hand tightly, watching around him. It had been some times since he went here, and today he really needed to talk to Reverend Lowry.
Castiel had never been a good liar, and he cursed himself for that. He had never been that good at disguising his emotions, just like he couldn’t held back his tongue sometimes. “I just don’t like to think you might go through my life. That’s all.”
“Yeah, thank God, that perv’ didn’t manage to do more than that…I was eleven and Sam was seven, if we had been younger, maybe we wouldn’t have been able to defend ourselves.”
A lot of important people would be here, and it was a duty to make sure they would feel welcome. Dean would have laughed at Bela Talbot’s expression when she saw them entering, he knew she wanted to be the next Mrs Winchester. Well, she would have to find another target! He greeted some New York politicians, some celebrities too who praised their courage to do such a coming-out. And of course there were other businessmen. Castiel hardly knew any of those people, but they were all pretty curious about him. Who was this teacher who managed to get one of New York’s big’s names?
Claire was speechless, her eyes glued to the forms they saw. There were maybe three of them, they were emerging from the water and they started swimming around the boat. Claire shrieked in excitement and tried to reach out for one, Cas’ had to held her. He leaned down to try to touch them and as one approached, his fingers barely grazed one. It sent a jolt of electricity and he let out a joyful laugh. He couldn’t believe it! He just touched a dolphin! Dean also managed to graze one of them, it wasn’t the first time, but he was still amazed.
In an instant, he just had gotten a glimpse of the two types of people he would always meet: those who hated his guts for being rich, and those who would act nice for money. Castiel and Bela…Only four people had loved him sincerely: his parents, Sam and Bobby Singer. But his parents were both dead, and Bobby and Sam had both left.
Confused, Dean slowly lifted Castiel’s shirt, hearing the way he deeply breathed, like he was nervous. The sight made him gape: scars, old scars were adorning Castiel’s back. Those had healed quite well but there was still a trace, you couldn’t see those from afar but if you could get a closer look, those were painfully obvious.
His breath was cut off at this and he looked at the phone as if it was some kind of alien. What? His brother was calling him? He had called him many times, but Sam had never answered. There was only once Sam had phoned him…Without even thinking, he took the call.
Not that he was felling any friendly, but he wanted to give his daughter a good education and thanking people was part of it. She beamed at him and said a loud: “Thank you!”
“Don’t you remember my father? Does it seem like he would take his child to a shrink? He told me demons were tormenting me. He told me my mother’s suicide opened the way to the house for them.”
Honestly, he wouldn’t have admitted that he took some times during his lunch break to research it on the net. And what he ahd seen had been even more terrifying than what Castiel explained. He stopped there, as if he hesitated to ask, and his future husband titled his head slightly: “So?”
Castiel sighed: “Her name was Ellen, she had a bar. I really loved that place, and Ellen was like some kind of mother to me. I would work there to gain some money, and really helped me back then. But one day, when I was seventeen, she had to sell her bar, and had to leave the City with her little girl even though she hardly had anything, and I never saw her again. She didn’t tell me much, just that she was forced to sell. Later, I learned it was Dean Winchester who had bought back her bar so his father could build a store there.”
Hiring a wedding planner didn’t mean they had nothing to do at all for the marriage. They had to supervise the preparation too and greet the first guests arriving. The wedding would take place in two days, Marc, Kevin and Charlie weren’t the only guests who came sooner, but they were the only ones who would give a hand.
