Dean placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder. "I need you to calm down." The hunter glared at him, but his chest started rising and falling at an acceptable pace. "Do you know if Gabriel prayed to Sam at all?"
Dean sighed. "No. It's not..." he trailed off, groaning. This was about to get complicated. "With the guardian angel business, it's more than just me and Sam protecting you. There's a process, there's steps... it's... complicated." He shot a tiny glare at Sam, who bowed his head at what was about to be said. "There's more to Gabriel and Sam's relationship right now than there is to ours, Castiel."
"Let it--" Castiel huffed and threw the ice pack he had been holding at Gabriel, ignoring the cry of pain from his brother. He had hit him in the ribs... oops. "There's no brushing this off, Gabriel! Sam and Dean are here to protect us! Don't put your view of religion in front of this situation! You could've died if Sam hadn't been there to save your ass!"
Castiel slowly raised his body into a sitting position, letting out a breathy sigh when he was able to regain his composure. "....Dean?"
Gabriel wanted to bang his head against a brick wall and yell until his throat was too raw to make another sound. Each time this happened, it took him ten minutes to calm down and be able to work properly again. It was a heap of bullshit and only happened when he bitched and threw his anger at Sam.
"You reek," Dean commented, scrunching his nose. He despised the smell. "What happened? I thought you weren't going to--"
Meg looked to Sam and Gabriel for confirmation. Castiel couldn't be on this bit alone, everyone has to participate in the lie.
The walk to the motel was silent. The gears in Gabriel's mind were beginning to turn, working on what he would really say to Sam. There were plenty of things he could have said at the diner, but his brother and even Dean there... he couldn't do it. Said words and questions were more on the personal side.
If Gabriel remembered it correctly, Sam saved him from having a good time. He was at a bar in Miami, and had been flirting with the bartender. A young man with sandy blonde hair and hazel eyes... The hunter remembered asking when the man got off work, then everything else was fuzzy. Now that Dean mentioned him and Sam's encounter, however, he remembered how that went down.
He flew straight to the barn, every light around him bursting as he landed. His eyes burned red, and as soon as he faced Tristen.
Another mental note had been taken. Castiel nodded slowly, accepting that answer for what it was. Sam seemed bipolar in his eyes, and knowing Gabriel... those two wouldn't mix too well together. "My apologies, I won't bring it up again." Dean also seemed to be the one who had prompted Sam into helping, which meant that the younger archangel hadn't been entirely keen on doing this. Great.
In front of them was Sam, a very angry Sam. As he walked towards the two, Gabriel could make out shadows of what looked to be wings, but they became more clear after each step the archangel took. Before he could make out the color, they disappeared, leaving burning red eyes to catch his attention.
"Hmm..." The man wasn't sure about that. He stopped drumming his fingers and straightened up. "Is he your partner?" He gestured to Gabriel with a head tilt. Castiel shook his head. "Alright, cool. There's a bar in town called Crazy Lemon. 5:00?"
"If he did, Sam didn't show up. Obviously." Castiel swatted Dean's hand away, beginning to grow angry. "Some guardian angel Sam is-- isn't he supposed to prevent this shit from happening?"
Merchandise? Gabriel snorted and laughed into the bartender's arm. "You're funny, Ryan. I-I am anything BUT merchandise!" An easily breakable hunter? Hilarious. "I-I gotta brother where I'm staying... is yours okay?"
Though Sam's reasoning was clear, Castiel wanted to hear it straight from the horse's mouth. It was good, in a way, that his brother was asleep. There would certainly be verbal and maybe even physical violence if he was awake.
The frown slowly was replaced by one of discomfort. "I have wings, can we fly?" Sam had never been in a motor vehicle. The car in front of him looked tiny, making the angel feel something he shouldn't be able to feel. His wings fluttered as a reminder of the problem with confined spaces as such. What was the word? Claustrophobia.
"Well?" Lisa grabbed his attention with an impatient huff. "Aren't you going to say something? Like--"
"T-The demon-- there was a demon and sh-she took Gabriel." He ran his fingers through his hair and began to pace back and forth. "And werewolves... they were so
"Dammit..." Sam took a seat in the chair the demon had been sitting in and put his head in his hands. He shouldn't have done this. His original mindset from the Beginning was already crawling through his grace...
Last time the archangels spoke with them was their first meeting. Well, Dean would text Castiel and ask him if he needed anything every so often, but other than that... nothing. The younger Shurley pointed out to the archangel the lack of demons and how no angels had come for them.
Gabriel looked at his brother, who shook his head. "I do. But I'd like to speak with Sam privately for it." He ignored the clenched jaw Sam gave him. The archangel was all for protecting them and being polite a few minutes ago, what the hell happened? "Outside would be great." The keys to his car were placed on the table as Gabriel slid out of the booth. "I'll see you at the motel, bro."
While Gabriel was worrying himself over what was going to follow his call with Sam, Castiel was figuring out what he was going to do that evening after they interviewed the farmer whose cows were mutilated. It has been a hot minute since he's been on a date or even
Gabriel glanced down at his watch, checking the time to see whether Castiel is at the motel or not. But he should know the time with the fact over if his brother is--
Castiel grabbed Gabriel's elbow, preventing him from seeing anything inside. "Gabriel... you should know something before we go in..."
As soon as she left and the door was locked again, Gabriel slid his fingers out from Sam's and threw a book at Castiel. "Goddammit, Cas! What the hell?" He was flushed from his cheeks to his ears, both out of anger and embarrassment. "You couldn't..."
"For his vessel, you sure are pathetic." The demon crouched down in front of the hunter, lifting his chin to stare at the half-lidded whiskey eyes. Gabriel closed his eyes for a moment, then brought up enough strength to spit blood between the demon's eyes. "You bitch!"
Of course, as with anything, there was a limit to what Gabriel could do to help his little brother out. Chuck would grow angry at times, because Castiel was paying attention to school more than hunting. Gabriel had stepped in before fights could occur multiple times, he'd occasionally take the hit too.
.' Fortunately for Castiel, Gabriel didn't have enough teasing-energy to say anything. Maybe he'd ask why they were meeting up, but nothing further.
The first thing Dean did was call out Gabriel's name. His incensed tone of voice caused a beer glass next to where the hunter sat burst into shards. The bartender apologized to him, then made his way to the other side of the bar while cleaning up, looking to avoid Dean.
Gabriel isn't entirely religious. Sure, he's had his run-ins with demons, but that doesn't mean he has to believe there's more out there.
The archangel almost let out a teasing comment, but the gears in his brain turned. What the hell was he doing? He felt... something he didn't quite understand. So, instead of replying, he's cheeks began to burn, then he disappeared.
"Oh... is he not answering your prayers?" The demon sneered. A sick smile reached its lips again, taunting him for the hundredth time. "Why are you surprised? The man who rules Hell coming to help his vessel, a damsel in distress... no. And as far as I know- he's never done it. You're nothing to him.. just like the rest of you humans."
Gabriel raised his hand, making the older archangel sigh and gesture for him to speak. "I'm sorry- Sam's grace is in my soul? And it's like that because he killed demons who tried to kill
Chuck Shurley was broken when he lost his wife. He had tried his damndest to save her, but the fire had been too great. Slowly after he lost her and their house, Chuck discovered a journal of his wife's. She was a hunter, and the supernatural one would see in movies was real.
The guardian angel process was more complex than simply watching over someone. First, the person is informed they are going to be protected, and during that conversation, the angel's grace begins to seep into the person's soul. It's a very small amount of grace, so it doesn't affect the angel and the human's bond too much. So far, that was Dean and Castiel's bond. Sam's bond had somehow risen to the second part of becoming a guardian angel.
Kelly Kline is another thing entirely, she is special, smart, and nurturing, but her extremely conservative upbringing was her undoing when she met Castiel. She developed an obsessive infatuation with Castiel right away; somehow she got the idea that they were meant to stay together as a family, they had to get married and be together, she insisted that her baby would save the world and he would bring humanity to its next level where God would come back and bring rapture to everyone. Perhaps pregnancy was too much on her mind, but Castiel does not think so, there is something really wrong with her.
Both of them were ecstatic. Castiel could not believe it, on the third month he felt it, a weak but there touch in his mind. A small presence of his kind accompanying him; it was his daughter.
“Sorry to disappoint you, buddy, but I’m not interested. Wait!” He frizzes, remembering something. He had said that before. “You’re that weird dude that offered to buy me a drink on that bar, like a month ago. Aren’t you?
He was supposed to just watch the events unfold. He could only interfere if something went wrong with the archangel’s plan. When the prince arrived at the house he was unable to remain hidden do it; he had to do something to stop this.
Castiel stands to pick up the glass sculpture and fixes it with a little bit of grace. "You accepted this, you wanted this. Do not act like I am forcing you to stay here when you asked for this." He closes the door, ready to go back to his duties.
“I don’t mind. Do him hard if that’s what you need. You said he can take it, and if that makes his less whiny for the rest of the trip, better for me.”
"Are you the only one left?" He looks almost sorry for me. Thinks the angel, half smiling. Dean knows about being alone, poor thing. He will never be alone again.
He takes Angelica with him and lets the hunter, now cleaned and well fucked, asleep on his bed just in time for when the children are waking up.
It’s fucking weird, now that they are face to face, their noses almost touching, Dean can smell something familiar. Is similar to a rainy day and lighting. How the fuck does he know what lighting smells like? Is scarily good.
Right now, Castiel could not have it better, Dean happily accepts everything the angel is giving him, only moving to allow Castiel to use him as he pleases. The angel feeds Dean from the crystal glass. He is careful to give him small sips to his open and panting lips, slowing down his rhythm to give him more oil, and then changing back to rocking into him. It takes a little while to find the perfect point between fucking him to feeding him all night long.
The redhead witch drinks her mimosa, trying to be near enough Castiel so they can talk without being overheard, but not near the baby. She has never liked the younglings, though lately, on some occasions she chats with the oldest of his children.
It is complicated to walk away from him without tripping, in the brief second that Dean Walks away from him, Castiel has him almost cornered between the left wall and the bookcase. He is acting like he is trapped, when both of them know that came here of his own volition, yet he needs to be careful to not drive Dean away.
Castiel is away, working right now. He is some kind of famous doctor or something that gives him a fuck ton of money. He doesn't really care, he just knows that he will be back by six and right now it's not even midday. He has the entire day for himself.
"The kids wanted to meet the new babies and I couldn't just say no. It'll be just five minutes." He gives him a tight smile, looking a little sorry for intruding.
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
He was a hero of heaven for he had found and saved the tablets of angels and demons. Only he knew what they said and where they were stored.
Gripping his hard dick, he gets close to the Omega, taking him by the hip, getting him closer to the edge to the table, he guides his hot length to the boy’s entrance. His cock easily sinks in the smaller body, swallowed by his tight, vicelike hole.  Dean trembles at the intrusion, Castiel is bigger and thicker than average, he has to be careful to not hurt the Omegas when he breaks them in. Slowly and mindful of the eighteen-year-old first time, he sinks as far as his position allows him, then in one fluid motion, he thrusts forward. Moving smoothly until he is balls deep on Dean, and he shivers and whines with the invasion. God, he is wonderful, the silky and warm whole seem to be sucking him in even deeper. He will definitely purchase him.
"I'm going to come inside of you like the little whore you are and when I'm done we are gonna go to my apartment and I'm going to fuck you again. Understand?"
“Really? He is quite mouthy and some Alphas that I talked to just want pretty faces and bellies full of babies for most of the time. They didn’t want the whiny bitch, Crowley was the one to make an offer when he heard he was an Omega when I brought him to work.”
Castiel tilts his head like a damn puppy. He gets up and removes the now empty tray and lays it on a small table in the middle of the room. A table with fresh girly flowers.
It feels like forever, but finally he is fully inside. Castiel takes a big breath, and he lays himself over Dean, just feeling the hunter and breathing him in. It’s familiar, yet totally new, almost overwhelming, this warm and tight body under him.
Dean does not show favoritism, Castiel is sure that he will love all of the children equally. While Dean plays dolls with Jack and Anna, the angel sneakily takes a picture of them, he will get this printed and maybe put it in his office. It is extremely important to cherish and save every important minute on the life of his children.
"I have a potion." Dean tenses. "You do not need to take it, I am not asking you to. This potion can make you able to carry my offspring. Only if you want to."
Mary and John like to host parties almost every weekend. Mary loves them because she can talk and gossip with the neighbors and John flirts and makes out with their daughters. Mary hasn't catches him yet. She doesn't even suspect.
Just in case anything happens, Eileen will calm them down. She is a fantastic babysitter. Castiel chooses her for two reasons: One, she clearly was not interested in him (which is rare, but tends to happen from time to time); and two, besides being a good nanny, she used to be a hunter. In her old days, she was capable, yet merciful to the innocent. She is one of the few protectors of the human race that understands that not all of the supernatural beings are evil.
"If I could I would accelerate your pregnancy and you would be already on your way out the mansion, Chastity ". Castiel tells her, trying to go back to his planning.
"I can fly anywhere, and I like to walk. I only use the ban when I need to take outside the Nephilim.  I should get another one, that one is too small for them now."
"Yes, every change will be made internally. Still, you will not have to deal with periods, and giving birth will not be as painful as it is to women."
It was like coming back to life after being trapped in a cage two sizes too small, he felt the rapidly diminished power of her soul when he used her to protect them.
He presses in Dean’s mouth harder and deeper, half gagging him, instead of pulling away Dean Opens up for him with a moan. Castiel does not need to look to know that Dean is starting to get hard, no training, and yet he is perfect. Even asleep he knows that he belongs to Castiel.
"I need you to tell me, Dean," Says Castiel dead serious. Dean would think that he has a stick up his ass, but Dean is the one that just had Castiel's on his ass. "If you don't want this, tell me and it's over"
His neighbors and friends will only see Dean as Castiel's. Always full with his babies, only belonging to him. Luckily all the people in this city do not talk or gossip about him with outsiders. He protects and heals them, they turn a blind eye to what he does. Sometimes they send young fertile women to his door. Well, not anymore.
After he took James Novak's body he buried in holy ground his late vessel. He used a lot of grace to keep the body fresh in case he ever needed her again, that vessel was his.
"Yes, Cas. I want to stay with you. God help me, I want to be your toy and your boyfriend and I want to have your babies and all that corny shit."
Castiel slowly rocks in and out of Dean's mouth, framing his face with both hands. The young man hums and sucks Castiel with vigor. It doesn't take long for Castiel to hold Dean's head and shoulder and start to fuck his mouth with a punishing pace that has Dean half choking. Dean loves it, he loves being an object for people to take, and Castiel is the best so far.
“You need to rest. The baby needs it.” She clings to him in anticipation. Castiel sinks into her, lazily fucking into her. He needs to make this quick, but right now she is on a break from extenuating tasks.
He looks at Eileen. "This is Eileen, our morning babysitter. The baby that she is holding is baby Christopher, my youngest. Alexander is the one playing with the cubes and his sleeping twin on that crib is Philippa. They are two." Castiel picks up a blonde boy from the playpen, who was hiding behind the dollhouse. "This grumpy nestling here is Aaron and he is three."
He slept with a man, not only a man but a monster. A monster that claims to be an angel. Angels don't exist, but right now Dean can't fix on that. That dude is weird, and a monster. And he doesn't understand what no, means, and he is a man. Fuck. John never has to find about this or Dean is fucked.
He has watched Dean’s memories before, he knows about his past, how trusting and following his father around has stripped Dean of any opportunity of a normal life. Even if he has seen John Winchester through memories he is speechless before his selfishness and lack of caring about Dean. How dare he leave this precious gift, abandoned and stripped of the love and adoration that he not only deserves but he also has the god given right to have.
The angel takes his time, devouring and opening up just a little the hunter’s ass, hearing him moan and whimper at the overwhelming feeling. He reaches for his back, to get more sweet smelling oil, and rests on the bed, admiring his new possession.
Castiel is quick, getting his dick out of his underwear, stopping only to pump himself to full hardness. He gets in the bed and kneels next to Dean, he can’t help to get closer and give a big lick to Dean’s round ass. The hunter moans and shoves his behind closer to Castiel’s face.
He kisses Dean, slow and deep. Making him feel everything Castiel has in his heart. It almost hurts to let go.
When the baby was born Amelia named her Claire and Castiel decided that he would have as much Nephilim as possible. All of them would be bright miracles like Claire. He was starting to feel like himself again.
Giving him his full attention, Castiel sits on the edge of his desks, and motions for Dean to sit on the loveseat. He refuses. Fine, if he wants to do this standing so be it.
Dean is sitting at the metal table. Professionally he takes Dean Penis in hand and studies it, also takes the boy’s balls in hand and checks them over. Perfectly healthy and well developed. He writes it down on the chart.
With a new little one on the way Castiel really needs all the extra help that he can get, he just cannot keep impregnating bondmaids at this rate without a permanent companion, and a full time babysitter that he will definitely not bed.
She wants Dean to move with them. Dean refuses, he says that America is his home, but really, he just wants Castiel. As soon as Mary leaves the house on the taxi for the airport Castiel fucks Dean against the window, no longer scared of being interrupted and desperate enough that they don't make it to the bedroom.  Dean moves permanently to the master bedroom and pretends that he moved to a new apartment, away from Castiel.
Renee looks healthy and content. That’s great, last week she was barely able to leave the bed. Castiel was extremely worried and terrified, not every woman is able to carry his children to term, and she seemed so tired. He feeds them wing oil, a spec of grace, vitamins, and heals them, still, some women can’t handle this kind of pregnancy.
There is too much at risk with the children here. Castiel does not know how he got here, and what are his plans, it is better to remove the wildcards from the field. Castiel hastily hugs the girls and sends them away with Eileen. Swearing to them that he is not mad and that he is going to explain everything as soon as possible, promising he will not fire Miss Leahy.
He doesn’t look totally sure. “I think I’m going to try marrying him off back at home. Here it says that he is worth at least two million, but Mary doesn’t want to lose the kid. He’s always been her baby.”
He holds the meaty ass and pushes his tongue into Dean, licking and tasting this wonder covered in freckles. He can’t help but hum at the intimacy of sharing such a pleasure with a new lover. It takes a big deal of trust to let someone have access to a vulnerable area like that, letting himself be eaten out by Castiel and receive this kind of pleasure from him.
Claire is always the first of his children to wake up. As soon as she opens her eyes she runs to his room, to make sure that Castiel is there. Today he is already expecting her, reading by himself on a blue velvet loveseat by the flower arrangement on the third floor main hall. The little girl stops on her tracks when she spots him, quickly composing herself, trying to look calm and collected on her new light blue nightgown.
Dean comes with a scream. Castiel feeds of him like not only his life depends on it but his sanity. He holds Dean with a possessive arm on his waist as he pumps himself quickly and dirty with no lube, finally coming all over Dean and his clothes.
Well, that is not fair, Castiel knows what brought his attention to Dean in the first place. He is a caretaker, a loyal man that protects everyone he cares about in such a strong way. Dean is the brightest star on this junkyard of useless scrap that is the earth; he is clever, kind, great with children, humble, and oh so good in bed, Castiel is so smitten that he is sure he could go and listen to Dean talk about his strange interest while still thinking he is adorable.
"You already know where I live. You better be there in five minutes or I won't let you come for a week."
It doesn’t hurt the way she looks. Her pale skin, blue eyes, and wavy black hair will look lovely in his children. He likes when the Nephilim look like him. For a second he imagines how beautiful they would look with green eyes and freckles. None of his children look like that; they got blonde or dark hair, brown and blue eyes.
How could have Castiel stopped himself? Dear Lauren was talking about how she just moved to this town to start over, how she didn’t have any friends here, and more importantly, she wanted to have children one day. Castiel’s analytic gaze made her nervous, she dropped the glass of water on the carpet, maybe on purpose.
Castiel is not even halfway to the stairs when Dean scrambles to follow him. Eager to get whatever Castiel is willing to give him, not even caring that the people on the basement are looking at him.
This night it felt easier to just fall asleep after drinking a whole bottle of booze; not even bothering to try and call Sammy, only to get rejected and sent to voice mail. It’s better than the alternative. Someone else picking up and telling him that this number doesn’t belong to him anymore. He could have gone to the local bar, drink liquor or beer, barely better than what he drank today. That way he wouldn’t be by himself, he could have found a girl to spend the night with.
Jack is holding Dean's hand and the girls are close to him. They do not mind him as some of the nannies or the few bondmaids that they have met in the past, they are all around him, pulled by his care for them. Subconsciously they feel Castiel's love and approval for Dean.
Castiel seizes Dean by the neck and kisses him, covering both of them on the Angel's come. Dean gladly opens up for him, humming on Castiel's kisses. The angel bites his lip at the same time that he grabs Dean's hair and pulls. Feeding his own come to the hunter who gladly licks it from his fingers.
The last appointment of the day is Dean Winchester. His appointment information on the clinic, mentions that his family doesn't wish to sell him off. They want to pair him off to a rich family and they need to make sure that the bitch is going to be good to his future husband. Meg, his assistant knocks at the door and lets Dean and his father in the room. She goes outside without a word, he can still see her smirk. She knows that the bitch they brought to him is his type.
Castiel smiles, clearly proud, and Dean can't help smiling back even if this feels weird. How is that thing this adorable?
The heavenly host was enraged and wordless, they put him on trial. The two remaining archangels were ready to end him at any given moment. He was ready to die, but Michael made a mistake again, he underestimated his brother's thirst for power. Raphael literally stabbed Michael on the back and called himself the flag of heaven, while standing on his brother's corpse.
The angel cannot help to go and hold Dean, hugging him from behind and resting his head on his shoulder. It feels like finding a new home, not only because Dean is the missing sword of Michael, it is because he is the blinding light that makes everything worth living and humanity mean something on this endless void of earth.
She stands in front of him, looking so much like Amelia and like an angel. He would be proud on any other occasion, but right now he has to set things straight with Dean.
Since this chapter got a lot longer than I wanted, I divided it into two parts, I'll just post the last scene tomorrow, I didn't want to wait, since there's not any DeanCas scene in this chapter.
None of them know what to do now, Castiel wants to sleep with Dean again but is too soon, and he does not want to overwhelm the hunter, and he wants Dean to stay, he cannot go.
Castiel shakes his hand and downloads the purchasing Omega contract that his lawyer wrote for him when he started working here. It takes a while for them to go over it. Both of them sign it and Castiel transfers him the money. He hands John a copy of the guest house key. They settle for a private wedding that he will pay for, celebrated this weekend before Mary starts to feel weak and sick. He will pay for the flight of Mary and Dean’s brother, Sam with his extra miles.
Castiel checks that everything is correctly filled on the health chart and that the consent form for the full examination and knotting is signed.
“He is tight and warm” Comments Castiel as calm as possible. I just need to make sure that he can come with only a cock or by being knotted and then I can officially qualify his as a pedigree.”
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
“Let’s say at most that is worth three hundred thousand dollars on medical bills. If today you sold him directly to an agency and didn’t want to wait for an auction he would be worth at least one million.”
He got new pets but kept living with Amelia. She was kind and nice to talk to. The young woman was a fine company and she was able to feed him decently, but one day something occurred. She was with child.
“Excellent. It raises his price in the market. Now I will check his slick production, also I need to make sure that he doesn’t feel hurt at being filled.”
"Of course, I'll bring it to you as soon as it's finished". She smiles into her drink. "It will be double of what we accorded last time since you want it this soon and is out of season for half of the ingredients." Castiel sighs and writes her a check with his free hand.
He soon discovered that not all people were able to feed him for the same amount of time. He just had to find more people. It worked for a while, he had powers, pets, and anything he needed but he still felt alone.
As soon as his knot goes down, he dresses himself back on, unbound Dean, and directs a “Get dressed” to him.
Castiel nods as fills Dean’s information on his medical reports “Sometimes Omegas try to go to the nearest Alpha on their first heat. You did right by tying him up, poor Omegas don’t think straight sometimes. He seems perfectly healthy, and especially pretty, if you wanted to find him someone richer and better positioned on the community or even another state, I assume you wouldn’t find it difficult.”
Renee usually is able to feed him for a day, it is less than inadequate, but she got pregnant on their first time together, and that is remarkable, she makes up for it. Right now it does not feel like it. All he can feel is that she is not Dean.
After the movie about the talking toys is finished and all of Castiel’s kids are finally sleeping, he flies to Dean. He wishes that he could have come sooner, but the Nephilim do not require to sleep for a long time, and he was busy with medical appointments all of the week. Accompanying the children at breakfast, healing people, charging them, playing with the younglings, and interviewing two potential nannies from a different agency.
The fledglings also adore Dean, and the hunter gladly answers their questions and chats with them, he treats them with respect and care, some people that he has met are condescending or downright rude to his children. Daphne was kind to the children, but deep down Castiel was scared that she would show a preference for her biological children, that's why he sent her away after she gave birth.
When Dean doesn’t say anything, just breathes, frozen in place, Castiel holds his chin. “What do you want, Dean?”
It takes an impressive amount of willpower to restrain himself from rolling his eyes. He knows that would not be welcomed by Dean and it will not help this situation in any way, but Dean is so stubborn.
Dean wakes up with Castiel fucking him and they just can't stop touching each other. They opened a door that now is impossible to lock. They barely eat and Castiel is late for work two times that week. Dean visits him on his job and they end up fucking on his desk. They are all over each other. They wake up and use every opportunity to bend Dean over every surface of the house. Although sometimes they talk and watch movies, once they go to the cinema. They don't finish the movie, but Dean gets fucked on baby.
Castiel can hear the smile on the man’s face. “That’s great news, doc. Please knot him already, so we can be on our way.”
Castiel leans in and kisses Dean. Slowly moving his lips, giving himself time to map and learn the hunter's mouth. Dean sighs, content. The angel is demanding, opening Dean's lips with his tongue and shoving it on his mouth. He holds the hunter’s neck, guiding him to the position he pleases. Since when are they kissing good morning? And why is Dean letting him do anything he wants?
Now they are comfortable sleeping in the nursery next to Castiel's room. He likes to keep the Nephilim there for their first month or two and feed them by himself at night. No nannies. Just Castiel bonding with the hatchlings, as any father should.
The omega is already producing a healthy amount of sweet-smelling slick, yet he wants to make sure that Dean can take more, he uses now three fingers, scissoring him open, extracting a moan from him. Now that he is finally relaxed, Cas starts to thrust his fingers in and out, seeing the transparent liquid sliding over the omegas open legs. He doesn’t even have to find the prostate to have the delicious thing rutting on the table. Gently, he removes his fingers and places the vibrator on Dean, while he takes a sample on the slick and writes his findings on the medical report.
He hears grunts and moans and keeps getting filled with a hot length for what doesn't feel like enough time. He wishes this could last forever. The hot drag of a cock in him is his favorite feeling in the world.
"I know you do. But you are not a doctor and Marina does not know you. You would be of more help if you go with Eileen and help her with the Nephilim." He gets to the room and turns to look at Dean one last time before going inside. "They tend to get fuzzy and nervous when a baby is born. I would appreciate it if you were there for them. Especially because these are twins."
He looks back at his cell phone, Castiel is barely able to see a picture of John hugging a blonde woman. Both of them smiling.
He is back to the children before anyone misses him. When Castiel goes back outside he is carrying mimosas for the attendees that just arrived. Jody and Donna are just sitting on the tables by the fountains when Castiel spots them; Alex and Kaia are already playing with Emma and Daniel. They seem excited, running around the snack table.
With all of the events on this week Castiel cannot help but think that maybe Dean would be a great mate, they clearly have a bond, a profound one; it would reflect in a lovely relationship and great co-parenting to his offspring. He knows it is worth it now that he has seen how different he feels about Dean, he has never met anyone as bright and caring as Dean Winchester.
Dean hates those parties. They last most of the day en well into the night, and the house is packed full at all times. Sammy invites his friends and they hang out in their room, so he can't even hide in there. They're lousy and annoying and like to play nerd stuff.
Everything feels like a vivid dream with how great is this house. Warm, nice, shiny, and probably real. It doesn’t feel like a djinn hallucination or a trick.
Dean’s moans and tightness, are making Castiel feel like electricity is running all over his body. Rocking in and out even faster when he sees that the omega can take it. There is no way that he will not acquire Dean, his scent is intoxicating and the best that he has had smelled since he first fuck anyone. There’s no doubt that he will fuck this ass for the rest of his life. He wants Dean and he’ll have him. Stuffed full of his come and filled with babies at all times.
“We heard Miss Rowena talking about you and someone special. You mentioned meeting someone, and Claire just wanted to help.”
Rowena told him that it would only take a few minutes for Dean to be able to be with child. He also will have a kind of hormonal heat for a day or two a month, making it easier to catch. Castiel will make a great use of this. He will have Dean pregnant twice a year. Every day for eternity filled with Castiel's babies.
Without even explicitly thinking about their sexual activities, or touching himself, Castiel starts to feel himself hardening. His memories of Dean are way too tempting and is such a shame that he does not have time to fly to the motel and get his fix of Dean Winchester.
“Demon? Monster? Dean, you are a smart man. You know that I do not fit any other description of the supernatural. The answer is simple, I am an angel."
If it keeps him happy, he can even get him more cars for him to fix or just collect. "If you wish you can move it to the garage. There's plenty of space, I only got one car."
He is seventeen when Mary starts dating the new neighbor, Castiel. She met him at a boring adult party that he refused to go to. Four months after that she marries the man in a simple ceremony with a private party that even makes its way on the local paper.
“After I slept with Amanda I knew something was wrong, so I put on a spy camera. I recorded every night, and yesterday I saw you.”
They leave the room and walk in silence for the classrooms on the first floor. He would get nervous for the lack of talking, except that Dean took his hand when they left the room.
He smiles and does not even need to tell Dean. The hunter knows just by looking at him. They both smile and share a kiss as Castiel comes again in Dean.
Castiel wants to have her around, and be on her good graces for as long as possible. The children adore her and certainly, she is willing to protect them from anything. She is a keeper and Castiel is not surprised that someone as remarkable as Missouri Mosley recommended her for the job.
Dean is so distracting. It is quite hard to not touch him now that Castiel has access to him. It is not just his soul, is also how he feels and looks, truly he is the righteous man in every way imaginable. Dean seems to be thinking, most likely he is trying to decide if he believes Castiel or not.
"They keep me busy, indeed." He holds Dean's hand. "And there are other seven Nephilim on the way. In five months all of them will be here, and hopefully, there will be at least another four on the way. "
Castiel fucks him two more times that day and they both sleep on Castiel's and Mary's bed that night, also the rest of the week and part of the next.
Castiel sighs. The kids better not tell their siblings or he will have at least another two Nephilim trying to meet the hatchlings tonight.
She accompanies him, talking about other moms in this part of the city, and are her friends on the “Mommy and me yoga club” that she just started, and things that Ben has done. He just gives her enough attention for her to not notice that she is being ignored. Castiel does not care much for her, The Braeden’s moved to this community two years ago, and Castiel has been fucking Lisa since the first day they arrived.
He doesn't like to hide all of this from his mom, he knows that he will have to explain soon, yet, he doesn't do it because he knows that he still has time. He will just tell her that he didn't know Castiel was also living here and that they attended the same event in California, went to dinner, and started dating, maybe he will say that they eloped. He won't have to explain that he didn't invite her or Sammy to the wedding that way.
God, I'm exhausted and emotionally drained since I've been working non-stop like crazy on this personal project, I was supposed to rest today and I did anything but that. Luckily I took some time off to finish this chapter, I didn't rewrite all of it like I usually do, so I'm sorry if it's not as good as it could be.
“Dude, I’m not an idiot. I noticed all the scratches and the… the damn soreness!” He clenches his fist, refusing to stop looking at Castiel. “Also, you’re fucking bitty! The, the first night I wasn’t sure because I was so fucking wasted, but I know my body. I knew something had happened to me.
Slowly, to make sure that the hunter is asleep, Castiel walks to him. At first, he settles for giving a light brush to Dean’s exposed back. He gets rid of the duvet, caressing his tights, arms, and finally his face. Even sound asleep he looks gorgeous like no human has the right to be. It seems dreamlike, almost as if this was one of Castiel’s dreams. Except that he doesn’t sleep.
It may be perceived as odd, inviting the three teachers of his offspring to Claire’s birthday party, but the fledglings adore their teachers and their children since the day they met. It is probably the novelty of having new people around that excites the kids, they usually do not receive any kind of visit from children from outside. The Nephilim always ask to see their friends at their birthday parties, especially Claire. Since Jody and Donna adopted Kaia, Claire takes every opportunity to see the other girl. As long as the kids are happy, Castiel is happy, even if he is forced to endure mundane conversations with the guests.
Claire frowns at her, confused. “He also could have a boyfriend.” The brief moment when she looked like Amelia is gone, now all he can see is the powerful angelic warrior, and miracle that she is.
He smiles. “Well, sadly we have not had the chance to get to know each other.” Castiel goes for the honest answer. “I love all of my children very much. They are my whole world.”
His light skin is reddened with kisses and caresses. The freckles are too tempting. before long Castiel is alternating between sucking Dean’s nipples and biting his neck, and shoulders. To make sure that Dean will never be happy with the touch of anyone else he makes sure to fuck the hunter until he has him screaming of pleasure, nailing his prostate every time, still unconscious, now covered in bruises, and even more bites that will be coated in as much wing oil as possible for the whole night.
“I am, sweetie.”  Castiel smiles at his oldest and she frowns at him, tying her robe closed. Claire reminds him of a cat, so independent, grumpy, and still loyal; she tries so hard to avoid being perceived as clingy.
It's one thing to fuck Dean asleep, but to see him come undone and willingly take what Castiel offers, it feels enough. It was worth leaving heaven for this.
Castiel starts to aim for Dean's spot with every slam of his hips, he is so good, so fucking good. Dean comes with Cas's name on his lips. A few more thrusts and Castiel comes in Dean, filling him up. Dean doesn't have to ask him to put the butt plug on him. He just does.
This time, the first thing that he does as soon as he lands in the room, Castiel makes sure that he is alone in the room. There is not anybody on or under the bed, in the bathroom, or hiding in the closet, the parking lot is empty. Good.
He likes this house, is at least twice as big as the house that he grew up in, and it has a pool and a big garage for baby. One of the few things that he likes about Castiel is that he listens to his mom. She wanted a big new house and she got a big new house. She wants flowers and she gets flowers. She wants space or attention and she gets that. John never did anything that Mary asked of him.
For sure it is a lovely night, he beds Dean two extra times and comes twice on his mouth, training him to be able to automatically suck his dick with the wing oil taste, and gets himself a new baby on the way.
He whines Dean loves being used at the point of over sensitivity. Holding Castiel close and locking him in with his legs, breathing in and out through the pleasure.
He already fed today, he should not feel hungry, yet she makes him feel the lack of Dean. Strange. She isn’t anything like Dean, but that is a given. Nothing compares to the light his soul emanates, and with her, he feels his absence. He feels full, but not satisfied. He has never met anyone who is even a little close to what Dean is or feels like, he had never thought about that. Now it is obvious.
They take a shower together. Castiel washes Dean, careful with his wobbly legs, and kisses every part of his body. As soon as he is content with it, the angel pushes Dean to the cold wall. He relishes kissing the hunter, now his arms wrapping around Dean’s wet body and his warm lips on his. The angel’s tongue immediately getting demanding, forcing his way inside his lover’s mouth, and claiming him as they kissed. He knows he is getting possessive, but Dean is not complaining, he adores it. Dean whines at the oversensitive on his member with pressure as the kiss. Dean does not have the ability to come again this soon, he is still soft and that does not stop him, he clings to Castiel and asks him for more, desperate to be loved and treasured.
Rowena walks by his side, he signals to her to walk with him. She has not tried to talk to anyone who is not Crowley or Billie, maybe Bella.
Dean is still blissed out, but functional enough that when they get out of the shower Dean starts to dress by himself. Castiel borrows him a sweater, that Dean eyes dubiously at, but finally scoffs at and wears. He looks delicious wearing Castiel's clothes, covered in love bites, and flushed on Castiel's compliments.
What if he is using his powers to control him, Dean saw all he did to him. Castiel never asked, he just decided to fuck Dean and fuck it should anger him but it's just making him horny. He needs to leave now.
Why is he so defensive with their lovemaking? This is not how he envisioned their next meeting would go. The fallen angel walks to his beloved, trying to calm him down; Dean immediately gets up, putting as much distance between them as he can in this office.
Once again, since Dean, he stopped feeling hungry. And yet there is a void in his chest, no longer satisfied even when he is well fed he still feels empty.
Right now it is not the time for foreplay and making everything slow. He is busy. Without much care about the clothes, he undoes his trousers and lowers her jeans. She steps out of them as Castiel lifts her and rests her against the salmon column.  Renee automatically wraps her legs around him and moans as he takes his hard member in hand and caresses her entrance with his dick’s head.
Both John and Dean make a surprised sound, on the other side of the curtain, Dean moves, clearly trying to listen, and gotten caught.
Castiel takes his leaking cock, sinking into Dean in one skilled move, starting a punishing pace, not giving Dean any time to get used to the sensation. Before long Dean is moaning, and whimpering with each thrust that Castiel slams into him.
It’s too easy, way too easy. Dean is already asleep when Castiel flies to his motel room and finds him lying on his stomach. Only wearing his green underwear, partly covered by the old duvet that the motel provides.
Dean looks at him furrowing his brow, he takes a deep breath and looks at himself. Castiel can feel his surprise even without touching him. Without being held by the angel, Dean slumps on the floor, unable to react to their activities. Castiel gets down to his level and picks him up bridal style with care. Dean just grunts a little bit and gets a hold of his shoulder so he does not fall.
Using just a spec of the energy and power that Dean just gave him, Castiel uses his grace to stop the pain in Dean’s muscles, from when he was holding him.
He still doesn't move, drinking half of the glass in one gulp, sitting in the same place. Dean checks his cellphone. No missed messages or calls. It's not like he was expecting it, but it would be nice. John hasn't called him in months. Sometimes he just sends him a text with coordinates of a case and that's all. Sammy never answers.
With this angle, Castiel can fuck him a little bit deeper and it's way better. It has him moaning in seconds. Dean must be dreaming, maybe he drank way too much beer and drowned in the pool. It's not possible that the perfect Castiel is just fucking him. He should be working at the hospital and now out of nowhere, he is inside of Dean calling him a good whore.
Castiel goes back to his desk as the Omega removes his clothes and the other Alpha hands him the filled and signed form. Castiel calls for Meg to upload it to the official site. He keeps a copy for the private clinic and gives the original back. “I still have to check for some of his results, but Mr. Winchester, if you don’t mind me saying, you really should consider auctioning him off. If all of his results are positive, in this field he could be considered a pedigree Omega that could be worth a lot. Whatever your boss is offering is not enough.”
He looks so damn proud that it almost hurts to see it. The bastard looks so happy and enamored with Dean that is making him squirm in his seat. This is way out of his depth. His fucking cheeks are warm. God, he doesn't blush, not even when he was a teen getting his first kiss.
Dean is twenty two when they sell the house and move to California, they get married in a small ceremony on the beach, accompanied by a small group of friends and Dean changes his last name, to avoid as much as possible having to explain his relationship with his husband. Some people remember that Castiel was married to a woman with the last name Winchester. They buy an even bigger house next to the beach and fuck on every new surface available before they even start to unpack. They go to a private island on their honeymoon.
Castiel complies, only taking some time to lube himself up with wing oil. Just enough to not hurt her and get her a little relaxed. He does not want drugged adults near the children. Holding himself in hand, the angel splits her in half with his cock, while massaging her clit in circular motions. She always does her part quite enthusiastically, it is good for both of them, and he does his best to provide a big orgasm for the pair in record time.
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
He even bought the impala from John and gave it to Dean. He was on Dean's side when he decided he didn't want to go to college. Dean is going to start an internship assistant and trainee for an auto repair shop that reconstructs and fixes old cars.
While he is putting the condom on John asks: “If I wanted to auction him, you would give me a document accrediting his quality and shit, right?”
Cautious, the angel holds Dean’s face in his hand. “I was making love to you Dean. I want you as I have never wanted anything.”
Dean raises his eyebrows at Castiel's comment. Right, normal people do not use bird terminology for their offspring. They should it sound proper and sweet.
Except that Castiel did not want the apocalypse to happen, even if all he ever wanted was the return of his father.
He undoes his belt. Dean doesn't say anything. Castiel lowers his pants and Dean licks his lips. Castiel takes himself in hand, Dean opens his mouth.
She went into labor when he was not there and she did not pray for him. He never knew why she did not do it. The doctors could not save her nor Castiel when he arrived. The soul was gone. She was gone.
How is this happening? Why can’t he just say that he doesn’t want Dean and just leave? He should feel relieved. He should go to Bobby and ask for help, but now that Castiel is not touching him he feels empty and cold all over. This is so fucked up.
He opens up a beer and drinks while getting dry. It's awesome that Castiel doesn't check how much he drinks, he only buys more alcohol. It's also great that he tries really hard to get Dean to like him. That's how Dean got himself his own credit card that Castiel pays without even checking how much he spends each month.
It tastes and smells a little bit like apple pie and cinnamon, and so much like Cas, he can't get enough and that's scary. He is not into men, he isn't. But everything that Cas does is a thousand times better than every girl that Dean's been with. He wants Castiel and it terrifies him.
Michael made a mistake, he knew how much Castiel wanted their father back and he wrongfully believed that by telling Castiel the whole truth, about how starting the apocalypse will bring God back it would avoid any space for equivocation.
He hands Mr. Winchester the registration document and takes the medical chart in his hand and lets Dean behind the curtain to sit on a medical table. The young man sits, barely breathing, looking at the floor. Castiel ignores him as he takes a new pair of gloves and quickly washes a medical vibrator and knotted dildo, and covers them each with a condom, and places them on the table next to Dean. The Omega looks at them from the corners of his eye and flushes, quickly looking back at the floor.
Dean decides that the best thing to do now, in this heat is swimming naked in the pool. He leaves his stuff next to the pool and jumps.
John nods, clearly deep in thought. “That sounds like something Crowley would do. He never mentioned having to register Dean or a contract. He didn’t even want me to bring him here. Now I’m suspecting that maybe that son of a bitch harassed other employees to not buy Dean. He does shit like that.”
It is getting really late, well actually early. Castiel has to go now, he only has time to clean Dean up and let him half lying half sitting on the bed, while he gets dressed mid fly. The Nephilim are waiting for him and he has an important appointment to get to today.
Castiel can’t help himself, he starts to move the vibrator to the young man’s prostate, just to hear him yelp. Virgins always make the best sounds. He is starting to get hard just looking at him. The Alpha lazily uses the vibrator to fuck Dean at a slow pace, just enjoying the sounds that the boy makes. He inserts it as deep as it goes and Dean whines, biting his arm to keep silent.
"Did you sleep well?" Castiel places the tray over Dean's legs and takes the chair next to the wall and sits looking at Dean. Not even blinking. Freaky. "When I bought this mattress I was told that it was the best in its class. Is supposed to help achieve a full night of continued sleeping. "
Most of Castiel’s pets only last him half a year; they usually don’t satisfy him for a long time, and soon enough he starts to go hungry, even if he still feeds of them. He leaves them, going to find the next shiny warm soul and body. Still, if he takes his time to get to know them, some of them entertain him enough to keep them around for a while longer.
By noon the children are sent away to their extracurricular activities. Karate, and gymnastics for Claire; Anna has singing, soccer, and ballet; Daniel has cello practice, soccer; today Jack has singing, tomorrow ballet, and Thursday painting; Singing, ballet, and gymnastics for Emma; at first it was confusing to plan all of the activities and organize everyone, now the children have activities between three to five days a week. Some parents think he is strict, but the kids love their hobbies, it keeps them busy, helps them to find interests, and they are usually free by six PM.
“Please call me John, doc. How much money are we talking about? Crowley said he would pay Mary’s medical bills and would let us visit the kid from time to time.”
He invited some of his friends that he trusts to be near the children (and their kids), contracted a luxurious catering service and live music, he even got a magic show, a dancing crew that will play a rendition of the movie, and carnival games. Castiel definitely does not have a favorite child, but Claire is his eldest, and he cannot help having a soft spot for her, so if Claire wants a big party, she will have a big party.
Dean will forever deny the noise he made when Castiel bites his lip and shoves his tongue down his throat. Not that he will tell anyone that he slept with a man, or with a monster. Is already suspicious that he has been staying in the same city for a month without hunting anything. If anyone asks he'll say he was banging a girl. Still, he really hope's no one questions him, especially his dad. That’s almost impossible, John has been ignoring him for more time than usual.
Even if Castiel is busy undoing Dean's pants and keeping them busy with pleasure, he knows that Dean is listening to his every word. Deciding if he believes the angel or not. Dean sighs and hauls him up, kissing him deeply again.
Yet John is able to sleep with a different girl from Dean's class every weekend. He is surprised that none of them has ended up pregnant.
Dean slowly opens his eyes and looks at him. Really looks at the real Castiel. Now he knows all of his past.
In the brief moment between sleeping and consciousness, Dean finds himself completely relaxed, like he hasn’t felt in years. He is laying down, quite comfortable on a warm and big bed with a soft cozy mattress, probably a memory foam. For years Dean had wished to have a memory foam mattress, well at least a mattress of his own instead of the crappy motel beds. At least he had the chance to try one of these beauties today, even in these weird circumstances.
“You missed me, didn’t you, Dean?” He moans, caressing the sandy blonde strands of hair. “I did, I wish we could do this every day.”
The charming, yet deadly human looks tense, ready to jump and attack, or defend himself. He also looks perplexed, and extremely handsome. Well, that is not new.
The only medical professionals that have it better than them, are the Omega specialists in charge to check the omegas for the first time. Nine times out of ten, the parents want the omegas to be knotted after their first heat to make sure that everything is alright with them. Nowadays this process is treated as a tradition of sorts for the parents of an Omega; since this kind of specialist are experts, and remarkably professional, this examination is considered a quality check for the buyers. They view the Omegas as still untouched.
Well, he also likes how the dude looks, for a forty-year-old man the dude is fucking hot. He is really strong with big muscly arms that could pin him down without any effort and has a deep sex voice that Dean loves. That man is made for fucking. It's a shame that he is off-limits. Dean is not ashamed to admit that he fucks himself thinking about his stepfather.
When he came back to Kansas, Mary was gone from earth. Dead. His connection to heaven was severed and he was unable to bring her back. All he was able to do to help the family was leaving a demon hunting knife for protection in case they needed it.
The interview only lasted half an hour before Castiel was fucking her against the mahogany bookcase, then on the couch, the desk, and finally on the love seat. By nightfall she was with child, barely able to walk on her own, dripping come and wing oil from her mouth and all over her legs. She was rapidly put in one of the bondmaid’s bedrooms, and attended by the housekeeper.
A groan comes out of him when he gets kissed just right, and Castiel seems to come alive, desperate to have Dean. He takes both of the hunter’s wrists and holds them above his head, now grinding on him. Hot pleasure all over, desperate to get more.
The bright side of being an angel is that he can have sex with no refractory period all day long if he pleases. All he has to do now is slick his dick with some oil and lightly pump himself to full hardness. She is not as great as Dean, or as bright, and warm, but it only takes him three tries in two hours to have her with child.
A weak gasp comes out of Dean's mouth. It's a surprise and yet, deep down it feels like he already knew that. Castiel seems to be like a dramatic person that decides who his spouse is going to be by just looking at them. The kind that asks a hand on marriage after a dance.
It is not amusing, but it is interesting how much it has changed Castiel since he laid with the righteous man and Michaels sword, he knew the Dean was special, but it appears that Dean is unique compared to all the human that Castiel has met and watched over in all of his existence. It is not about his soul, is about him.
Castiel chose to work as a doctor, instead of being directly involved in the family business, which is fine because he can directly buy the omegas from their families and resell them to the Novak Company, and since he was the better student of his class and thanks to his family name, now he can knot young omegas for a living. Today he has had three appointments, young pretty things that squirm under his gaze and come on his knot alone, with a whimper. He buys two of them and sends them to the waiting room connected to his office. At the end of the day, he’ll take them to his family Omega installations, to prepare them for auctions all over the world.
"C'mon, fuck me like you mean it, Cas." He gasps, pulling the Angel closer. "Harder angel, I won't break."
By the morning Castiel has come in Dean five times and has fed him three full bottles of oil, almost a gallon. Dean is practically his, he can feel it. He could just take Dean and have him forever, but Castiel is not like that. Dean will choose him, fully on his own accord.
Castiel tries to give her space, but he suspects that is really the lack of company from other people and going outside when she pleases is what is making her angry all the time. He cannot let her go outside, it is dangerous to have them away from him, and anything could happen to the babies. If he made an exception for her, he would have to make an exception for all of them. That is simply impossible and it is time she learns to deal with the decisions she makes.
He was clearly distracted to not notice the woman waking up in the middle of his lovemaking, also he did not perceive the wave of arousal that she is sending toward him. He really must have been oven eager to touch Dean that he did not put her to sleep correctly. He needs to be more careful next time.
Dean tenses, Castiel holds his breath. None of this is going according to the plan. Dean should not be here or even know about Castiel. There was no point in even trying to pretend that he does not know Dean. His eyes are telling him everything.
Castiel barely lets him adjust to being so full, he pulls out and slams back in, quickly setting a punishing pace against the wall. This is not about feeding anymore. He wants Dean.
He wants to take his time opening himself up, starting with just one finger, fucking himself with care, not even searching for his prostate, yet.
Even though Castiel is shorter, he makes Dean feel smaller and strangely safe and protected. Yeah, this is fucked up. He likes it, he fucking likes it.
“Suck.” He orders. Even when Dean is unconscious he obeys his dominant partner. “Such a good boy, and an even better pet.”
Alfie moans, bent over the leather couch, eager for Castiel to keep moving, and he does, hastily sinking as much as possible into the other man, now fucking him roughly. The pale thing comes fast on Castiel’s dick, which is one of the reasons the angel keeps him around, his orgasms are a quick snack. The seraph is usually quite hungry on Friday nights since he is busy taking care of his offspring he cannot go outside every night. Too occupied to fly downtown and find a one night stand or check on his regular pets, and he does not want to bother the bondmaids on a weekend. The blond twink is a quick and easy fix that doesn’t even require oil or special attention, Alfie just wants to be fucked by Castiel as much as possible.
He scissors himself open, feeling the burn, groaning with anticipation. When he is three fingers deep he starts to change the pace. Quicker and dirtier. He would love to have a real dick inside of him right now. Maybe coach Michael. Before Dean finished high school they have been sleeping together for a year. The teacher is huge and likes to fuck hard the students against the lockers. Dean just had to stay late after training and the couch would push him to the lockers and open his legs and slid on Dean's ass with no prep and a lot of lube. It used to take a while for him to be fully inside but Dean felt so blissfully full.
The man sits on the chair closest to the door when he sees that the Omega gets up and goes to the other side of the room. Castiel goes closely behind him. It wouldn’t be the first time that an Omega tries to leave the room.
She keeps blinking at him. At least she is not fully awake to ask more questions. He massages her breast, removing the silky fabric, and playing softly with her nipple, making her sigh. Castiel stops hovering over Dean, and gets near her, straddling her hips. She is lovely, tanned skin, brown eyes, and long pink hair. The angel reads her mind, her name is Angelica, and she is in her mid-twenties, traveling all along the country to take pictures for her blog. Interesting.
Dean comes for the second time with a weak scream, his voice ruined for the night. Still slamming into him, with the bed still swinging on its hinges; Castiel gladly takes the ecstasy Dean’s soul is offering and happily feeds again. Coming in him in big spurts. Semen leaking out of his gaping hole.
The hunter huffs. How dare he to doubt Castiel’s devotion to the little ones. Both of them look at the family portrait on the desk. “What are you doing here, Dean?”
He has never done this. Castiel unfolds his wings and allows them to cover himself and Dean with them. Dean tenses and moans lowly below him at the first contact of the feathers on his skin. The feathers cannot feel, yet is still nice to have the hunter connected to a real part of himself, even if they are incorporeal.
She pushes a sculpture to the floor and leaves the room in a huff with her white flowing dress floating around her. “Screw you, Castiel!”
There is bubbling in his chest, Castiel has never felt giddy with emotion, and it is odd. Dean is an attractive man, there is not any doubt about that, the last time they slept together it was pleasurable, and full filling for his hunger, but that is not it. It does not have anything to do with how tight his ass is or how good he is at sucking cock. It is about how special is Dean as an individual. How charming.
Castiel kisses him with his whole body. Holding him tight, and crushing him against the wall, touching him anywhere Castiel is able to reach, and Dean lets him. It’s messy and hot, and Castiel bites his lip, with a groan Dean opens up for him.
Before Dean can even process what is happening Castiel has him against the wall kissing him hard, with his tongue on his mouth and both of his hands on Dean's ass under his clothes. Castiel grinds against him, touching him everywhere and eating him alive with his hot mouth.
Usually he goes and hides in the basement closet. It's big enough for him to sit and kill time watching porn on his cellphone for an hour or two.
It's not surprising how much Castiel hides the real him from other people. Dean didn't know this side from his stepfather, but he quite enjoys it. He wants to know everything about him, he can't believe he thought he didn't like this man.
He already has pictures and formal portraits of the Nephilim, but it was taken a year and six months ago, some of the children were not born yet. Maybe on Anna's birthday, he will hire a professional photographer to take a picture of the whole family, including Dean. A happy family. Finally complete.
He is demanding and tastes weird. Like weed. Why is he even kissing him back and not pushing him away? He's never kissed a man before and less has had sex with one.
It's a nice bedroom that looks just the exact amount between a fancy hotel suite and a lived-in bedroom. If this is Castiel's room, the dude has taste. And money, a lot of money. From the exterior, the house looks huge, and the rooms are even bigger than you would think. The man has to earn a lot of money to keep this kind of life. Right, he heals rich people for a lot of money.
He comes in Dean, still fucking into him. This time slow and sensual, giving him more time to get hard again. Impaling the hunter on his cock, dragging himself out and languidly sliding back in, all the while pressing Dean's prostate.
Castiel goes back to the other side of the curtain, looking at his eyes. “You should consider it, John. It’s one on a lifetime opportunity. I haven’t seen a Pedigree that looks this good in at least a year.”
Castiel is fast, even for a supernatural being. He is also very strong, it takes little to no effort for him to catch Dean and hold him against the wall. He tries to move but is fucking hopeless. Castiel has him and he won’t let go.
It is not a surprise per se that Dean is great with children, Castiel is aware that he raised his little brother since he was a baby. Forced to become a parent at the age of four, he was just a kid who had lost everything. If only Castiel had made it in time to save Mary.
I was supposed to post this tomorrow, but it's already 14 on the other part of the world, so fuck it. I guess I'll start to edit the third chapter tomorrow, sadly I found that it ends up a lot better If I rewrite everything, and it takes two or three days to do that, plus editing grammar, so this story will definitely keep being updated weekly.
“Everyone in the house is asleep.” She murmurs, touching his arm. A deep wave of longing reaches the angel. “I need you.” The sweet thing gets in his space, practically begging to be fucked.
This time Castiel wants to try something new, and he came fully prepared. His wing oil is valuable not only for his addictive qualities, it is also invaluable for the bond that develops between the user and Castiel.
"Who would know? That the great Dean Winchester would be such a cock slut for an angel?" Castiel smiles "What would your father say if he could see you?"
She shrugs, looking at her feet. “He smelled like you.” Claire murmurs, timidly she looks at Castiel and then at Dean, who is now behind him. “We know that you have been feeling a little lonely. We can see it. I thought that maybe he was… you know”
Dean hugs him tighter. Longing is coming out of him in waves, desperate for him and yet terrified to be abandoned again.
Now both of them are scared, the tension in the room is as palpable as the desire that Castiel can feel when he is with his pets. The seraph tries to think logically. There is no way that anyone told him, there was not anyone else in that room or cameras, he checked; the curtains were closed, and Castiel made sure that Dean was asleep the whole time, for the three nights. The only witness was Angelica. She could not have said anything, she has been with him this whole time.
“We have to start her treatment as soon as possible, but she would never forgive me for selling him to a stranger. I can’t.”
After that, he decided it would be better to have the bondmaids in the mansion for the entire pregnancy.
The new babysitter is frantically walking towards them. In the blink of an eye, the young woman is just behind Dean, holding Philippa close, while asking him to leave with an iron grip on his arm. Dean does not seem to notice.
“It sounds well and all, but I do have to talk about it with my wife. She wants to keep in contact with the boy, and we need the money ASAP.”
It did not go well, at least not in the way he was expecting. The first interview was with an old woman called Agnes, she had impressive reviews from her last employers, more than forty years of experience, but she was not what Castiel was hoping for. Agnes got mad at him after she learned that he was a single father, with children born out of wedlock without a “womanly” guardian to guide the girls in life. She quickly left the property, almost screaming about the sanctity of marriage and how the new generations “Don’t respect anything anymore and want to destroy the Christian morals.” If only she knew what Castiel was, how he was the holier being on earth right now.
He signals for her to walk with him back to the entrance. She follows him like a puppy follows his master. Such a great pet and bondmaid, she is already dressed in the pink sweater that he gave her and jeans; ready to start the day.
For the next few years that will be their life. Full-time divine ecstasy on earth with his oil, and potions designed to take care of their bodies and the wellbeing of their minds. At the same time creating Castiel's future child, as soon as the baby is born, he will take them, this time being named by Dean. He will let them rest for a week or so, then he will breed them again. Just like they wanted.
The owner of this glorious cock starts to fuck him hard and fast going for his prostate in almost every thrust. The man is big, covering almost all of Dean, and is strong, with every trust Dean has to hold on to the chair. Right now he doesn't even care who's the owner of this cock. He just wants to keep being fucked until he screams from pleasure.
“Yeah, I already signed that thing on the health chart. I don’t want him to get scared on the night after the wedding if that thing with Crowley goes on.”
Castiel runs for the room, with Dean just behind him. It is wonderful that he wishes to help, yet it would be better if he stayed outside. Marina does not know him and could get nervous. There is no place for making uncomfortable the birthing mothers, Dean will have to just listen to him this one time.
Before he does literally anything else, he sends the pair of humans in the room to a deep sleep that should last until morning. The fallen angel starts the process that he did the last time he was here: getting rid of his excessive clothing, laying Dean in the correct position, loosening and lubing him up, etcetera.
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
“You are a freak. Don’t fucking touch me. Never touch me again.” Castiel gets shoved, except that Dean’s force is not enough to move him more than a couple of inches.
When Jack was finally born she refused to go back to her home, Kelly was set on having her perfect, happy family, even since the beginning the Seraph told her that it would never happen. When she finally understood that Castiel did not want her in any way, and she was no longer welcome in the mansion, unable to visit the baby since Castiel would keep and raise him as only his, she tried to take Jack with her.
James and Amelia had a house and enough money for them to not work for a while, though Castiel knew that he had to find a way to earn money. When Castiel heard of an old rich man looking for a heart transplant he knew what he had to do. He would do anything to give the best life possible to baby Claire.
There he is, with his unearthly green eyes, sandy blonde hair, and his handsome face covered in freckles. Dean Winchester. Dean is in his home, Christ.
Angels are not a hive mind, still, they are social creatures who need to engage with each other. They are used to feeling and talking through a wavelength of celestial intent, and there was not any Angel on earth beside him. Completely alone.
Even if they are outside of the classroom and try not to draw any attention to them the kids still get distracted. Jack waves hello and Emma smiles at Dean. Claire tries to not look excited, except that Castiel knows her well and knows that his oldest is interested in meeting Dean. Anna and Daniel stop paying attention altogether to Donna so they can watch Dean and gossip with each other.
Castiel arrives at the motel room just after midnight on a Saturday night. Dean is already sleeping, laying half naked on the bed, snoring softly. It is really convenient that he has not left this motel in nearly a month, Castiel needs to get Dean before he leaves town, and makes this whole process more complicated than it should be; he could take the hunter with him, except that Castiel wants Dean to choose to stay with him.
He has to check that they can choke, some Alphas love to do that; also he looks for the feel of the dildo on his cheek and throat, it’s not hard to find it in this one. Castiel hums at his talent and, beauty. He usually has to take a little bit of time to make them take the entirety of the dildo. “He doesn’t have a gag reflex, and he seems to be able to take big sized knots on his mouth.”
How did he get himself into this? He searches for his phone and finds it on the nightstand, fully charged, next to his newly cleaned leather jacket, the knife, and a full glass of water. His shoes are on the floor. At least Cas seems to care for his wellbeing and commodity, he is not a complete psycho. He hopes so.
Castiel just has to take himself in his hand and get on his knees on the bed, next to Dean’s cock sucking lips, and slowly introduce his dick into that tempting mouth of his. Unhurriedly, the seraph rocks in and out of the young man’s mouth. The repetitive friction on the motions rapidly gets him hard, as Dean feeds on the oil, and starts moaning at getting used by Castiel.
“Right.” She goes and sits on Claire’s lap, smiling at Castiel, eager for attention. Claire hugs her and helps her with getting comfortable.
Omegas are highly valuable since there aren't a lot of them anymore. If you have one, you can either directly sell them, auction them, rent them, marry them off to a rich family, and have a better life, or breed them and maybe start your own breeding agency. That's how Castiel's family got rich a century ago, they bought as many omegas as possible and bred them to get even more and sell them; since it's a thirty percent chance of having an omega if you are one, instead of the one percent if you are either an alpha or a beta. Now the Novaks have the most powerful breeding and auctioning agency in the whole continent.
Castiel beams at him. “I knew you would remember me, Dean.” He holds Dean by the waist, without noticing Dean puts his hand on his arm. The sneaky bastard gets closer to Dean and caresses his lips with his thumb, almost unconsciously Dean Opens up for him, desperate for something. What? He doesn’t know.
For now, Castiel takes tucks himself in his pants and leaves her be. He has a lot of things to do today. The kids will be up in a minute or two. He needs to be there or Claire will be furious.
Nothing changes between his mom and his lover for a while, he feels guilty, just not enough to stop sleeping with Castiel. Dean is in love for the first time in his life and he won't let go of Castiel.
The door of the room opens and Dean is there with Emma, Claire, and Jack by his side. They are already dressed in their nightwear, prepared to later go to sleep; probably wanting to meet the babies.
For months Castiel tracked and hunted as many demons as possible, he killed princes and knights of hell and any ill-intentioned monster that crossed his path; protecting the innocent. Sooner than later he started to grow weak. Unable to draw power and replenish his grace from heaven he started to lose energy and the will to fight. A small candle of light instead of the supernova that he used to be for his entire existence.
Castiel grips both of Dean’s hips tight, enjoying the slap of his skin and balls on the ass of the no longer a virgin, Winchester boy. He isn’t close enough to the table to get friction on his dick, unable to come, he could do absolutely nothing but take it like the little bitch he is. Castiel relishes on the thought of giving it to him. Hard. And then, when he belongs to Castiel, he is going to get fucked hard at least twice a day.
The girls and Alexander hurry up upstairs with Eileen just behind them, and Castiel watches them until they are no longer visible on the stairs. Finally able to close the door, he locks it with his own key, sending it away with his grace. He turns to see Dean.
This is what Castiel was waiting for. Now he has his chance, the young, green eyed man, served on a silver platter for the angel to take and feed of. It only takes a quick snap of his hand, and a little bit of grace for Dean to fall into a deeper sleep. He will not wake up for any reason, at least not until morning, yet he will feel everything that Castiel does to him, even tomorrow. Maybe for the rest of the week if he does his job well.
That’s not true. He is lying, whatever he is he is trying to get under his skin, maybe to feed off him. That’s what monsters want.
Castiel sends them away to their room. Maybe they only have to sleep for four hours or so, but they should not be running all over the house making noise. Some of the kids and bondmaids still have to get a full night of sleep.
Even after feeding all week on his bondmaids and various willing people he still craves the power from Dean’s soul. No, he craves Dean.
Dean looks at himself, now standing, trembling like a frightened animal. The hunter sits back and hides his hands.
The only thing that Castiel regrets after saving the world it’s forgetting about Dean’s uniqueness. They could have been reunited and started doing this for at least six years. Though in Castiel’s defense, he was quite occupied when he met Dean all those years ago. If only he had found him sooner.
Dean just moans, there's no denying it he loves it. Castiel takes Dean's hair on his fist, pulling it tight and even tighter when the young man moans and starts pumping himself until he comes all over Dean's face and open mouth.
He settles on showing him brief glimpses of himself witnessing parts of the creation, evolution, historic events, battles that he won, how he saved the world and destroyed Azazel. Just images, colors, and sounds. Emotions and sensations, how he feels about Dean, how he would do anything to have him.
Even after months she still surprises him. He removes the metal plug and lays it on the desk. It seems she came prepared, already loose and ready, she is not even wearing underwear.
Castiel has to recognize her efforts, his little girl will not take a no for an answer when she firmly believes she is right, and that is something to admire. Even if he needs them to go to the safe room right now. Just for precaution.
The worst part is that he could ask right now. If he wanted to make her his bride she would gladly accept. Renee would be thrilled, ready to start her new life as his mate, but she is not what he wants, she is just a pet. Castiel gets up and takes her head with his hands, and starts to fuck her open mouth hard and fast.
His beauty can be found not only in his features but also in his soul. It’s astounding how pure it is, spotless of harm and sin. This one will do him nicely as his new pet; maybe his feedings can keep him satisfied for about three weeks. That would be impressing. It is such a pity that he is asleep and won’t be able to reciprocate, yet this will have to be enough.
He lays down on his bed, willing himself to relax on the comfortable mattress that he rarely uses. The “internet” that his children are always talking about does not help at all, it has some fictional stories with similar dilemmas, though they are just that, stories. Maybe he should start to listen to the capable teachers of the Nephilim like Mrs. Donna always says “He needs to find a new angle to solve a problem.” Just maybe the obvious choice is the good choice. How bad can it go if he goes and introduces himself to Dean?
Patience is there too, playing with Anna and Marie; that means that Misses Moseley must have arrived. Indeed she has, the teacher and her son are just entering the garden. It seems that most of the guests are here. Castiel rapidly remembers the people that are still missing: Misses Tran and Kevin, Bella, Rowena, Crowley, Tony, Mic, Billie, and Kelly.
It is not possible, yet it appears that the house is covered in eerie silence for a moment. After what could be a second, or perhaps a full year, everything starts to come alive, and regain its realness once again. Dean is lying next to Castiel, his breathing is calm, and the angel finds himself getting relaxed by listening to the pattern of white noise. He can feel Dean’s heartbeat regaining a normal beat as time goes by.
Some of the tension leaves Dean’s body as Castiel explains to him. Castiel gets rid of Dean's come-covered jacket and cleans both of them with his powers. He will get the maid to dry clean the jacket later. The angel lays Dean and himself on the couch. With Dean resting over him, holding him tight and covered with a cashmere blanket.
Last night for a second, while Dean was blinking and reaching for him, he felt like Dean was really there, but he was mistaken. Such a cruel disappointment.
No one deserves Dean but him, he is the only one that can give him the time and love he has not felt in decades.
He sits back on his desk just as Meg comes back and hands him the copy and the original to John. She smiles, flirting with the man. “Everything is legal and on the register. In case you need anything else, let me know.”
He sits on the patio chairs next to the infants just as the last of the guests arrive. He greets all of them, trying to avoid boring conversations as much as possible.
He studied the Winchester family for a week, without resting at any point of the day. The mother, Mary loved both of her children very much. The kids were happy, and John cared for them. Deep down Castiel knew that it was wrong to destroy a family. Especially one that seemed to love each other this much.
Fucking him with deep and quick movements, thrusting into him in that silky heat that feels like home. Dean is his, finally his. Tomorrow morning he will get him an expensive, shiny and unique engagement ring, now everyone will also see who he belongs to.
Everything is hot, hazy, and like a damn dream. Dean comes out for air, feeling thirsty for something, wanting something so bad that he wants to cry for it. Castiel brings him back to reality when he bites his neck. Dean hisses. He doesn’t stop Castiel, allowing him to do anything he wants.
The hunter is standing on the door, and Castiel realizes is the first time that he has seen Dean awake, and fully clothed in what feels like forever. It is a welcomed change, especially since Dean looks so desperate to talk. Fine, if he desires to have a conversation with Castiel so be it.
The blonde woman ran away as soon as their captor was dead, but the redhead stayed and thanked him. She offered herself to him. It felt... nice, to lay with someone and not feel pain for a while, and when she came Castiel was able to feed off of her soul without hurting her. He did not know that was possible and yet it still happened.
“What do you need, dear?” He asks. At least right now she is the favorite of the pregnant breeders of his children, he owes them attention on care.
Anyhow, he is here not only to feed but to start courting Dean Winchester, sadly the man is not ready to talk to him yet, Castiel can feel it. It is a great thing that he can do wonders without using his mouth.
This mansion and way of life it is not for everyone, Castiel needs to make better selections for his bondmaids next time. Also, all the Nephilim hormones tend to be too much for some of them, and it is better to have only one or two children a year than lose any of them because the mother was not comfortable here or could not carry on with the pregnancy.
Why isn't he weirded out by Castiel's demands? Like the dude wants to be angel married or something.
Dean comes with a whine, hugging Castiel’s dick like a vice. This time the angel decides to come on and in him. It suits Dean, he looks like if he already belonged to Castiel, all covered on the Angel’s come, also full of it, leaking semen all over the legs, with his legs twitching.
Dean smiles as Eileen whisks away the remaining children, and puts the toddlers and babies on their six baby stroller to go upstairs, Marie and Aaron walking by her side; using the elevator by the stairs, just as Meg arrives to help the other nanny with the younglings. It is a wonderful thing that the kids have their own personal teachers and couches so the nannies do not get overwhelmed with keeping tabs on them.
They giggle and hush each other for a while. Jack wants to hold them and Emma tries to touch Louise's nose.
The doctor caresses his neck, relaxing him with his free hand. Holding even tighter the boy's hip, he half pulls himself out of Dean, before trusting back into the sinful moaning thing.  Sliding in and out of the Omega, hearing him sigh and cry out at his deepest and harder trusts. Enjoying the low sound of skin against skin, as he fills him up and starts a quick rhythm.
He has her well trained, without asking anything else she gets on her knees over the soft and fluffy carpet, and takes Castiel’s cock on her mouth in one try. He had forgotten her lack of gag reflex and desperate eagerness to please him. Good Lord.
“On the contrary, he responds positively to any kind of sexual attention put onto him. He seems to be able to take a big sized Knot without tearing or hurting of any kind.”
"You are so good for me, Dean," Praises Castiel, lightly caressing Dean's face, tugging on his reddened plump lips. "I knew you were special, but you are even more amazing and distinct from what I imagined. You are real, not a pet or a bondmaid. You are a star on this dammed godless universe, my own shinning sun that guides me on my darkest hours."
He makes him feel almost as good as it felt to be connected to heaven, it is like having the raw energy of creation that only the divine can provide directed to him one last time. Just like all those years ago before he fell.
Two fingers are quickly shoved in his ass and pumped dirty and quick. It hurts, but it feels good. Where did he get the lube? He knows some of the neighbors fuck at these parties, but he never thought he would be one of them.
"I knew we didn't have much time. Just get inside of me," She tells him, already panting. “It’s been too damn long, Castiel."
“I can feel the longing, lust, and attraction that is directed towards me,” Castiel whispers to his ear. Lightly biting it, he shivers with fear not want. That would be fucked up. “And you have not stopped wanting me since we met.”
Castiel doesn't have any shame, he just straddles Dean's legs and starts to slowly, grinding his ass on Dean's dick.
"Eat." He hands Dean a fork. "How rude of me to forget greeting you. Good morning, Dean. I didn't know what you wanted, so I brought a little of everything. There's scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, fruit, waffles, yogurt, milk, and juice. I helped the maid with some of the cooking so you could try something made by me."
Today has been a busy day, usually, he only has one or two Omegas per day, even if people from other states come only for him and his high-quality service; the Novak last name gives him more credibility than the other five specialists on the US, and also, he is the best on the country. If he didn’t have a last patient, he would go and fuck again one of the Omegas that he just bought. Better to gain something else than monetary value while he can.
When she smiles at him like that, timid but curious, she looks so much like Amelia; lately, she doesn’t do that anymore, still, in times like this she looks so much like her mother.
Castiel nods. This is an important moment, he has to make Dean believe him. "I'm an angel of the lord."
Dean is panting in the middle of the bed, looking at him expectantly with blown-up pupils and pink cheeks. Castiel has to leave him for a second.
Marie blinks at Dean, confused at his presence. She looks at Castiel and when he smiles and nods at her she raises her arms for Dean to pick her up. He complies with the dark-haired toddler's wishes.
The Nephilim really need a second parent. They deserve it. Castiel cannot be with them all the time. They may be smart, kind, well dressed, and with the best manners, but they are still children who need love and attention.
There’s no point in lamenting, the best time is right now. He has Dean laid bare right now and he will do the best of this situation once he is sure that Dean is ready to take him.
Lately, he thinks, as he gets more grace back with the help of the Nephilim it seems easier to create more of them. At first, he only got one baby a year, now they do not seem to stop.
“They need a second guardian.” Complains Castiel while checking his phone in his office. He is supposed to go to Japan this Monday to heal an old woman and the agency just told him that they don’t have a babysitter for him, he cannot keep going like this. “All of these new nannies cannot be good for their development. Since Mildred passed away I have been unable to find a permanent babysitter for them. They need a permanent figure who will help me with raising them.”
This is his favorite part, having his partners filled with his length, unable to feel anything but pleasure from him and only him, shoving and pushing their hips at him to get him deeper.
Castiel spins Dean, now with his face on the wall, and bites his neck. He breaks the skin and covers it with oil again, Dean shivers and moans at the feeling. Suddenly Castiel’s thick cock is shoved into his hole, finding his home into Dean. The angel uses his grace to open Dean up at the same time that he sinks into him, it keeps him tight and warm with grace. Dean tries to hold into nothing, high on oil and hormones he cries out at being filled with one firm thrust. Castiel fills his mouth with his long fingers, forced to stay open with wing oil, drawing moans from him.
He could keep on fucking him, but he is curious about the hunter’s mouth. Those lips look just like if they were made to be wrapped around him.
Dean gets out of the pool naked and throws himself to the lounger to rest in the sun. It's a good day.
He arrives for parties, pictures, and gifts, then leaves for business trips that last way too much in Lisa’s opinion.  It works quite well for Castiel since she is always mad at Matthew Castiel is able to fuck the anger out of her on their supposed matrimonial bed at least once a week. It works for everyone.
It was dangerous for him to be without a vessel, he was too vulnerable but at least he would not feel physical pain. It would be too much added to the torture that was for his grace to be away from heaven and unable to feel his kind. He was going mad on pain and solitude.
No beta, so any mistakes are my own. English is not my first language, if anything doesn't make sense, please let me know.
“You’ve got a girlfriend, daddy?” asks Marie at his right side. He didn’t even see when she came out of her room.
The hand crafted crystal bottles clinks on his trench coat pocket as Castiel extracts and places it next to the bed. He quietly undresses Dean, lightly caressing every inch of golden freckled skin that he uncovers, it takes inhuman strength of him to not kiss and worship this radiant human resting in front of him.
She would be gone by the morning, just like the chick from yesterday. There are always women at the bars for him to charm for a night. Still, it doesn’t stop him from feeling isolated. Usually, he wouldn’t think about this, but he's drunk, so what the hell.
Castiel stops her caresses on his arm, looking at her, she shivers at being the source of his attention. He still remembers when he met her, the heiress of a decently big fortune living at an old castle in Europe. Her father was sick, he healed him, and she spent the whole time looking at him, desperate for his attention.
He uses his wing oil, the one that his body produces for his wings. It’s the perfect lubricant for Castiel’s pets, not only does it last a lot more than common man made lubricants, also the smell lasts days on humans, he loves smelling himself on his pets.
She is an astounding woman, Bella heard of him, what he can do, the rumors of his divinity, and traveled all the way from London to this small town, and offered to be his bondmaid in exchange for Castiel’s help. Bella accepted his request, and it did not even take her a week to be with child, she even had twins; he was so impressed that he offered to help her for free if she even needed anything. Bella has not asked for a favor yet or has tried to establish contact with the twins, certainly, Castiel could not ask more of her.
He takes the knotted dildo and directs a commanding “Open up” to the Omega. He only opens his mouth enough for the tip to fit on his pink mouth, Castiel takes his jam firmly and coaxes him to open himself fully, forcing him to swallow the medium size dildo until the Omega deep throats it with scared and surprised eyes, and his hands holding on the table for dear life. He takes the dildo by the base and decided to not hold himself back for a while, lazily fucks Dean’s mouth with the dildo, watching him take it, unable to do anything, as the silicone length moves in and out of his throat. The doctor changes his speed, fucking that pink mouth hard. The omega chokes a little and Castiel lets go of the toy, still in his throat.
Eileen is distressed with keeping Claire and Emma, who is holding Alexander behind her. Castiel knows that Eileen is a good and loyal babysitter; he is not mad, Dean could fool anyone to get what he wants, that is one of the reasons that Castiel fell for him, he would do anything to protect his loved ones.
She nods as a squeal of joy is heard behind them. Anna runs to him with Daniel behind her, it isn’t new having them excited to see him after he leaves for a full night, yet it still makes Castiel smile. Little Anna and Daniel are not as feisty as their older sister, but they love Castiel as much. She runs and clings to him, Daniel gives him a hug.
“I would never put you in second place, my little bird. I underestimated the time once and that is why I could not attend breakfast with all of you, it will not happen again.”
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
“Did he eat and was kept well hydrated? Some Omegas do something akin of a hunger strike if they’re not allowed to be knotted.”
Castiel raises his eyebrow. Dean gulps. “I cannot risk you following my children, Dean. I am just being protective of my family. That is all.”
“Dean shut up!” Screams John. “Your mom is in the early stages, she can get better now. Do you want your mother to die?”
If you don't like this kind of fanfic don't read it and please don't leave anything mean in the comments. This is harmless kinky fanfic that I wrote and I don't condone this relationship in real life.
He trusts harder and quicker, holding Dean by his waist so he does not slide on the bed by his force. Getting as deep that his balls rest on Dean's ass and coming back inside with strength. The slap of skin on skin, gasps, and groans fills the room as Castiel comes in Dean again and again.
She does not even like Castiel's wing oil, so that is not a viable option to keep her relaxed, and talking about her father only makes her mad, once she threw a lamp at him. It was an expensive antique object, he got it in France eight years ago. He did not have as much grace available as he has now and could not repair it, it was a tragedy.
Castiel does not know who kisses who first. It's a mess of limbs, fluids, and moans. They make it out of the nursery pretty quickly and go to the bed. Almost falling to the floor while fighting to take their clothes off, Castiel uses his powers to get them naked. With a touch to Dean's skin, he loosens him up, no time for foreplay right now.
The taste and smell of his wing oil combined with the continued nail at his prostate must trigger Dean’s orgasm. He comes with a hitch on his breath, tensing and locking up on Castiel with a whine.
Dean better not make him regret this. He better be a good partner that gives him as many pups as possible.
Maybe is a thief who saw Dean naked next to the pool, or one of Castiel's friends who came to visit and decided that Dean was what they wanted. Maybe one of John's old friends came asking for his dad. It's not the first time that they have come asking for money that John owes them. Perhaps the neighbor saw him from the window and decided to show Dean how a real dick feels.
The blonde ten year old crosses her arms. “Good, you promised it. You can’t miss another breakfast.” She sits next to him on the second velvet loveseat. He decided on a contemporary décor on the third floor since the children do not appreciate the French inspired design on the rest of the house. “How did your job go? It was the first time that you left for the whole night in a while, wasn’t it?”
"Why should I believe you? You never asked and still, you took everything you wanted. That's fucked up, Castiel." He tries to free himself, to no avail. It would be easier to push the wall than him.
"I thought Angels were supposed to help people." Comments Dean, letting Castiel remove his shirt. His anti-possession tattoo is lovely, he will look even better branded on Castiel’s marks.
It should not bother Castiel. Dean is not his, and yet, he feels offended that the young man went to find a warm body so soon after their coupling. He is definitely not jealous, he does not get jealous. People long for him to notice them; some of his forgotten pets mourn his loss when he leaves them, even if Castiel erases their memories, those people still yearn for his touch.
“Lisa, always a pleasure to see you.” Castiel greets the woman with a smile. She is wearing a tight blue dress and a big flirty grin. She is definitely not what he wants right now, but he simply cannot reject a pet while he is wooing Dean, when Dean has a ring in his hand, then Castiel will say goodbye to his pets.
He looks so good, for a second Castiel almost forgets to feed, enraptures at the show unfolding beneath him. He is as exquisite as always.
Before long, the seraph carefully takes both of Dean’s wrists with one of his strong and big hands, and holds them above his head, resting them on the mattress. He is cautious to not hurt Dean with his supernatural strength, yet firm enough to keep control of Dean’s position and movements; it’s annoying when he fucks way too hard his pets and pushes them with his thrusts all around the bed.
Even when he does not need to, Castiel takes a big breath. “You were asleep, I am sure of that. How would you know that I…”
He is truly alone now, It’s better if he goes and sleeps. Ignoring his thoughts it’s the way to go. He won’t think about the fact that no one wants him. In the morning he won’t remember.
After a couple of seconds, Dean continues his tale. “It was easy to find you after that. I showed a waitress your picture and she immediately knew who you are and where you live. What the fuck is wrong with you?!”
The fucking weirdo looks at him with his damn sad blue eyes, like if he was denying him seeing his children or something.
Omega doctors tend to love their profession, they get paid handsomely, have an eight week of vacation break a year, have good hours, usually, an eight hours shift for five days a week, and are highly respected in the community since they take care or the medical rarity that are Omegas.
While he waits for his knot to be freed, he takes a sample of semen from Dean and also stores it in its containment. He fills the chart and issues a health and quality report and a pedigree certificate. He calls for Meg to take all of the samples and documents to the laboratory, she smiles when she sees him buried deep on Dean.
He could repeat this and feed the oil to the hunter all night long, but it would take way too much time, that he does not have. Castiel is content with how much the hunter has fed on oil, he is relaxed enough that now he can just give it to him as a drink and Dean would take it without a fuzz. Castiel sits on the side of the bed, feet on the floor, and carries Dean to sit on his lap. He is adorable and gorgeous, but not light, luckily Castiel is strong and is able to carry a full grown man with no problem.
The vessel was fine, young, and attractive to make it easier to feed, yet he did not feel comfortable with it. The solution for all his problems came to him when a young couple prayed to him. They believed in angels. The man offered to be a vessel, he believed in Castiel, and the woman wanted to be his bondmaid.
He seems quite lovely, legs fastened to the table, presenting his round, perky ass to the doctor. He takes both of Dean’s cheeks on his hand and massages them, to relax him; they’re soft to the touch, yet firm. Right now, he feels in the mood to use his fingers, if the omega doesn’t respond to it, he’ll use the vibrator. He traces the glove covered finger just above the young man’s hole. It’s charming the way he whimpers when Castiel presses his finger on his hole. If he convinces his father to sell, he’ll keep him for a week or so to enjoy, before reselling.
He shouldn't fix on the good things, that's how traps work, they offer you something nice that you may want on a silver platter and wrapped with a fricking bow, then bam. They eat you!
"Fine. Just be quick and please do not wake them up. They need to rest. Remember that hatchlings sleep most of the day."
Castiel talks directly to the other Alpha in the room. “Good evening, Mr. Winchester. I am Doctor Castiel Novak and I will do the medical checkup for your Omega today. Do you want me to do a full examination of your omega?”
The members of the house go on with their activities, clueless to what happened. They carry on with the cleaning, cooking, and making sure everything is ready for dinner while Eileen makes sure the kids are safe and sound. The Nephilim play with each other upstairs. Castiel takes a peek at Dean’s thoughts to be sure that he will not go after his offspring.
He could get out, but it would be weird, and now there's people in the basement, he can hear them. They start playing some loud annoying pop song. Great, now he's trapped with the blue eyed weirdo.
He isn’t sure if it’s the taste, or the feeling of his divine origin, but it’s also addictive for most humans. Like an aphrodisiac or an unharmful drug. His oil makes them pliant and desperate for him, not that he needs it; his last twenty years on earth have made him an exceptional lover.
Of course, he skips the bondmaid chambers, and especially the resting room where Renee, Lauren, and Kelly now permanently stay blissed out on Castiel's oil. Kelly just got with a child this morning while Dean was sleeping.
Now he has everything, all that he wanted and the entirety of what he deserves. He just needs Dean to drink it.
Castiel doesn't mind that Mary works late most days and that she has to travel for work a lot. He is nice to Sam and Dean and he even offers to pay for Sam's expensive boarding school in England. He just put a million dollars on the kid's college fund. He is trying way too hard.
So I don't know if this is getting darker or not, so beware. Remember that Cas just cares about himself... I'm not totally sure but he is kind of a sociopath, dunno, I'm definitely not an expert. The only thing I know is that he is shit to all the people that he sleeps with, and all of that. I felt so sad for Kelly writing this.
Sometimes Castiel misses her, Amelia has always been the favorite of the biological mothers of all of his younglings. She was a friend, not a pet or a bondmaid.
He comes. Castiel gets out of him. Dean lets out a whimper. He feels so empty. He is pushed to the ground and Castiel shoves his dick down his throat.
A cold hand on his arm startles him, the woman is half awake, looking at him through her squinting brown eyes.  “That was hot.” She grins, falling back to the bed. She takes Castiel’s hand and places it over her black lace covered breast. “Who are you? I don’t think Dean mentioned having a hot boyfriend.”
Castiel fled to save her but he was taken back to heaven, unable to do anything to save the poor woman.
The wings got badly damaged when he fell, especially from all those years that he was cut from heaven, but with the help from all those people that feed him, they are almost as grand as before. Is not the same, he hopes one day he will forget how breathtaking they were before the fall. Perhaps they will regain their former glory when he mates with Dean.
Today Castiel decided to take a free day from work, for the first time in years he is getting a break. He moved all his appointments for the rest of the week and quickly healed a man in his sixties. Right after the kids finished eating Castiel hastily flew to South America, where that famous painter lives, he healed the man and left in less than two minutes. It wasn't the best service in his career, except right now he does not care, his client is satisfied, he got paid, and now he gets to enjoy Dean. He knew Dean would be good for him, helping him to enjoy life more than before, and it seems to be working.
The hunter opens the vial and smells it. It is a thick sweet-smelling blue liquid. Shining lilac spirals are moving in it.
He is such a slut for Castiel, moaning with the taste of his oil and his mouth being filled to the point that he can barely breathe. Not only not complaining, on the contrary, gladly taking Castiel’s cock down his throat as much as the angel wants to give it to him.
It was too easy, he knew at the moment they met she was meant to be a bondmaid, and Dear Lauren just got her eyes on Castiel and started flirting, touching him no stop, laughing at everything he said, even when it was not funny. The seraph knows he has that effect on people, his heavenly presence is magnetic to a big percentage of humans on earth.
He holds Dean’s face, marveled at the freckled and blushed cheeks. Now the young man’s lips and face covered on pre come and oil as he selfishly sucks on the seraph’s cock. Even asleep he is so eager and vocal, so responsive.
He nods, pleased. “The wife wasn’t convinced to bring him in, especially cus it’s a two-day drive, but my neighbor recommended you.”
Castiel takes his time removing his black suit jacket, his shirt, and indigo blue tie. He folds them neatly on the horrendous chair by the door. He undoes his belt and trousers. Carefully, Castiel makes sure that Dean’s head and neck won’t get hurt with their activities; it will only complicate the situation, and he does not desire to waste his grace in something so mundane, such as healing a hurt muscle.
"Castiel." He does a long drag of his blunt and gets closer to Dean. Let's the smoke out,  next to the ventilation vent. "Do you want some?"
"Rowena, thank you for attending this event. I know you are extremely busy." Castiel greets her, offering her a drink while carrying baby Eliza, who just woke up and wanted her father's attention.
Castiel gets distracted when Jack and Emma come to sit with them by the playpen and start playing with the toddler and babies. They always seem to get along better with the hatchlings and nestlings than with the other fledglings. It seemed odd at first, but now he is content with that as long as they keep being respectful to the rest of their siblings, and do not form groups with their biological brothers or sisters everything is alright. That is why he never mentions the bondmaids to them.
This time, he takes Dean on the side of the bed. Standing next to it, he takes Dean and folds him in half, filling him, and roughly slamming into him. A long whine leaves the young man’s mouth as Castiel envelops him, grunting next to his ears. The bed moves with his powerful thrusts, and Dean moans into the air, leaking again.
Two chapters in the same week since this is shorter than usual and the last one didn't have any Dean on it. I'm working on a new personal project that is going to be taking a lot of my time, so I'll be trying to post this as soon as possible, don't worry about me leaving the story, this is already written and I just need to edit it before posting, so even if I was busy 24/7 I would just post it with some typos.
He opens up for him and lets Castiel guide him on the kiss. It's weird to surrender control when he is with chicks he always has it, but Castiel doesn't ask. He takes and you feel thankful for what he is giving you. This is so fucked up.
Castiel doesn't waste any damn time. As soon as he sees Dean is fully awake he goes to hold Dean's chin and gently kiss him. The worst part is that Dean willingly kisses back, getting closer to him and sighing when Castiel holds him tight. He is warm and touches him like if he were valuable, it feels too damn good, thankfully his brain turns off so he doesn’t have to analyze this too close.
Just like Dean, from time to time, some stubborn humans, deny him his godly given right to have pets. They refuse to accept and act on the attraction they feel for Castiel. How foolish of them.
“Indeed. In the health report, I can actually qualify him as a pedigree. That is valid in all of the US, and gives him a high-quality seal of approval that will ensure you the best pay if you want to sell him directly or use an auction company as an intermediary.”
He will make sure that she can handle all the rustle, he will not put the baby at risk in any way, shape, or form. The loose-fitting cashmere sweater that she is wearing hides most of her belly, still that doesn’t stop him from feeling the raw primal energy coming from her womb, it cannot be hidden. Now the Nephilim is developing marvelously. It seems that humoring her needs will not cause any problems, he just needs to be gentle in handling her.
He does not take Dean’s boxers fully down yet, just enough to put lubricant in him. He has his own, a special kind of natural lubricant that he generates.
Yeah, this is weird. Maybe it's out of curiosity that Dean follow his instructions and gets in the closet. He is lucky that there's a latch on the doors so no one else can get in. It's to cramped now.
He starts a slow rhythm, fucking in and out of the sinful pink mouth. It’s way too good, his lips are remarkable, providing him with a silky sensation. Dean automatically starts to suck, even before Castiel feeds him more oil.
He and Dean are now alone in the room. Castiel offers him his hand. Almost instantly Dean takes it and Castiel pulls him closer.
He bites Dean on the neck, barely drawing blood. It looks good on him. Showing him how he was recently well fucked, he will also feel that good soreness for a while.
He also introduces baby Eliza to him. Who just turned one last month. When he calls Dean his boyfriend in front of the children Dean blushes and lowers Marie to the ground.
Claire, Anna, and Daniel are in the same class, Jack and Emma are in another. When the nestlings are finally ready for school they will have their own class too, with their private teachers.
“Of course, Sir. Here, on this document, it says that you haven’t registered…” He checks the chart. “Dean, on the National Omega registry. Would you mind filling this form to start the process? You will need an official document in case you want to auction him, and to avoid any kind of problem if anyone tries to claim him or take him from you. It makes everything legal and easier for you and your wife to redact a contract if necessary. Dean, please accompany me behind this curtain. Let’s start.”
He fixed the man’s heart and the rest of his illness for a small fortune. Word expanded fast about his abilities and soon he had clients all over the world. He had to feed various times a day to keep on with the demand of his grace.
He looks for the source of the sound. Renne is waiting for him by the stairs, she knows that he would go to his office to confirm his appointments for the day before going to check on the children. The dark-haired woman smiles at him, eyes shining with anticipation.
OMG, I can't believe I finally finished it! I hope that you enjoyed it, please leave a comment telling me what you thought of it if you want ♡
It's uncomfortable for Dean to get dressed again with all the come and sweat on his body. It's better if he gets cleaned up; within five minutes he takes a shower in the pool bathroom and goes running to the kitchen. Castiel isn't there. Yeah, maybe he really died or drank way too much booze and he imagined everything. Can that happen? Maybe.
If he ignores his longing for Dean the only thing that is missing from this event is Amelia. She was never his partner, they were not in love, but she took care of the children. He only wishes that Amelia could be here to see Claire and her other two biological siblings today. Claire is so happy and all grown up, she has changed so much since she lost her mother, even Castiel. He wonders if she remembers Amelia.
Dean has never felt this kind of pleasure, he has never moaned like this. How did he never talked to Castiel before?
The night is almost gone, the sun minutes away from raising, and Castiel has to go. With a sigh and the sound of wings, Castiel is gone.
"No. Although I would like to marry you someday. If we create a mating bond you would be immortal next to me."
When Castiel comes and plugs Dean again with a kiss on his left cheek he knows he wants to be fucked by this man for the rest of his life.
She is wonderful. Renee plays with Castiel’s balls, strokes his dick just right, while bouncing her head up and down his length. She is a special woman, yet she is not what he wants.
Dean would never hurt children, but they are also Nephilim. He would never risk them, even for the man he loves. When he is sure that Dean understands that they are harmless kids just like any other human infant he will let them out.
“You… So good for me.” Castiel pants. “You like to play hard. You took that perky girl with blue eyes and dark hair. Don’t think I di… didn’t notice that she looked like me.” He bites Dean again. Dean groans with pleasure.
He groans, holding him by his face and slowly rocking in and out of the Angel's mouth. Castiel does not do this that much, but he is good since he cannot choke or throw up. He is great at sucking, bobbing his head with a rapid rhythm while playing with Dean's balls. He comes in only a couple of minutes.
The... other man touches Dean’s torso under his clothes, feeling him all over with genuine interest, his pupils blown up. The little shit settles on grabbing Dean’s left cheek and kneading it. He makes a sound between a moan and a whine, knowing that he probably made all those sounds while Castiel fucked his ass all those times; instead of scaring him it just makes him hook one leg around Castiel.
"Marvelous. Now now My Dear handsome angel, tell auntie Rowena. What's the name of the lucky one that cached your eye?"
That smells great, but, who the fuck needs three doors for one room? This man really likes expensive things and to show off that he is rich. He is wearing a fucking embroidered silk robe over his clothes, for fuck sake!
Someone knocks at the door. His appointment just canceled, but maybe they decided to attend anyway, without considering his schedule, it is not the first time that someone does this.
Chastity looks at him and none of them talk for a while. Sometimes she does this when she is especially mad because she knows that will distract him when he is busy working. It always works. It makes him livid.
Using the precision and strength of a hunter, Dean Stabs Castiel on the hearth with a Demon hunting knife that he was hiding in his jacket. The angel gives a couple of steps back with the surprise, thank God that he is not wearing his Burberry trench coat. He does not need to look down to remove the blade, he takes it and drops it to the floor.
He thanks her, noticing how she does not waste the opportunity to caress Castiel’s arm as she stands in front of him, now closer than before. She leans closer, showing off her figure and soft breasts that almost fall off of the dress. “Ben was so damn excited for this party. He’s been a little upset since his father left for the last convention.”
Dean can only whimper at getting fucked hard, his body going limp in Cas's arms, as the angel now holds him to his chest. His legs shaking with the intense pleasure of being taken by the angel, if Castiel let go he would probably fall to the floor.
Dean fucks into Castiel and the angel keeps bouncing on the hunter, moaning on his ear. Dean grunts at the sensation. He wants this, God helps him. He wants this.
The fact that Dean just came doesn’t stop Castiel, he still has at least two more hours to enjoy himself. If he still has time tonight to feed again from Dean he will take it. He is so good, able to take Castiel's dick without resting for a full night. He isn’t ready to come again, but there are other activities.
Alfie shivers as Castiel rolls his hips and fucks him deep and slow, impaled on Castiel’s thick cock. He likes to use him as a toy, holding him tight. Alfie is not allowed to move, he can only take what the angel gives him, the only downside is that makes him noisy so he has to be gagged to ensure that the pizza man does not make any noise. The young thing is so tight and small, he is one of Castiel’s favorite snacks between his feedings. Once a week, usually on Fridays he orders pizza for the younglings and enjoys the young man’s company and tight ass.
That soft heat surrounding his dick feels tighter and silkier than anyone he's been with. Cas bites him on the clavicle, just next to his neck, finally pushing him to the edge he comes in him. Cas smiles and messily kisses Dean. Claiming him with kisses, and Dean lets him.
"Giving you what you want." Castiel bites and licks the half-hidden and still not fully healed bite on Dean's clavicle. He whines with the contact. "I bet you wanted to touch yourself when you watched the video. Didn't you, Dean?
Everything sounded great on paper, except that she is loud, she does not respect his space, and she constantly complains about wanting to go out. She knows that she has less than eight weeks left of pregnancy, she knows that she will get one hundred thousand dollars per baby and she accepted this deal, but she simply will not stop acting like… like a brat. Christ, even the fledglings behave better than this woman.
Dean is standing in the middle of the room. Clearly confused, maybe shocked.  Castiel walks to him, holds him by the neck, and kisses him. Demanding and dominant, he shoves his tongue on the boy’s mouth and hears his breath hitch. He is going to breed him until he screams.
When they get together Castiel is going to convince him to get rid of at least stop using that leather jacket, it smells way too much like John Winchester. The angel does not need to see Dean's memories to know that the man was an awful father.
He was the leader of the largest garrison, obedient and capable. He was the first choice for both of the archangels on this mission. The mission was simple, all he had to do was make sure that Azazel, the prince of hell, gave his blood to Sam Winchester and then killed Mary Winchester. The righteous man could be Dean or John and he had to protect them both.
Castiel interrupts him. “I would sign a contract that forbids me from selling or renting him off to a third party. I’m offering you a two million and a half deal, directly wired to you today.”
"I made an exception. The Nephilim have breakfast at eight and is almost eleven. I didn't see the point in making you go downstairs if everyone is gone."
Castiel does not want to talk about this. It is a sore spot for both of them and he would rather show it to Dean just as it happened to avoid any miscommunication issues. This is crucial.
Castiel undoes his belt and takes himself in hand, stroking his cock at a fast pace. He has been working in this field for more than a decade, it doesn’t take a lot for him to get used to keeping silent, while he does his job. When he is sufficiently hard, he takes a condom from the dispenser. He asks his Alexa to play ambient music. The parents usually don't like to hear their kids lose their virginity.
Like he said this fiery sensation below and around him is something that he is used to, but Dean, somehow he feels different. A good kind of different.
“Finding him a wealthy partner, willing to pay his worth that also lives near you and your family could take up to a year. The international yearly auction in Cabo could get you up to five million, but it’s in eight months.”
"They're great." Dean touches Henry's left hand, the baby takes one of Dean's fingers and doesn't let go.
Castiel whispers close to his lips. "You can leave and never come back, you can stay and I will answer with the truth and only the truth to anything you want to know. I just want one thing of you." Dean gulps and Castiel lets him go. "Are you really sure that you do not want me? I will not force you to do anything, but do not lie to me."
Dean whimpers at the continued thrusts and invasions on his insides. Castiel is almost sure that the young thing has never had anything fuck him before, he is lucky that Castiel found him so he can show Dean how heaven feels like.
He is sleeping so soundly, not bothered by his usual troubles, is almost like he was waiting for the angel to come and take him.
Dean moans and holds Castiel's hips, guiding him to give him more friction, enveloping the hunter on raw pleasure.
Castiel sighs, Dean is getting fidgety in the edge of his vision. "Honeybee we will talk about this tomorrow morning. Now please go back to the playroom, you know I will explain everything later." He wants to avoid a nervous and scared Dean if he wants to have a productive evening.
In other situations like this one, usually, he would not sleep with a married woman, but he has no respect for Matthew, he does not respect Liss, and he always ignores his son, so in Castiel’s eyes, he does not deserve Castiel’s courtesy of leaving Lisa alone.
"It does not matter that you aren't gay, Dean. Just stay with me." Cas groans in his ear. He looks... hot. Half flushed with bright blue hooded eyes that almost glow with his weird powers. Tanned skin with big arms and strong legs. Dean feels so fucking gay right now. "I can give you anything you want. A family, a good life. Anything and everything that you may want or need. You just need to ask for it."
The need to fly is too strong, he has to fight it. He was not expecting any of this! Maybe he could erase all of Dean’s memories of him. It could work, and everything would be back to normal.
Mary just left for a work trip that will last two weeks, It's awesome since Dean's summer break just started. Sam will come to visit in twelve days and Dean is ecstatic to see his baby brother. He can't wait to see Sammy again, it's been six months since he last saw him and he's been feeling a little lonely without the kid around. He better come back without an accent or Dean is going to make fun of him the entire summer.
Castiel’s favorite day of the week is Saturday for various reasons; for one: the kids wake up just a little bit later than normal on those mornings, which allows him to have an extra half an hour that he uses for himself. He usually likes to read, watch documentaries or simply rest, and focus on himself.
How is he supposed to leave, this is dangerous, worse than playing with fire. Castiel just sits by his side silent and patient, watching him eat, and texting people on his phone. Something about his job, he says.
"You love it, don't you? Being a cock slut? I bet you would love to get fucked every day by me, to wake up with my cock in you, and to fall asleep while I finish all over you."
He is still asleep, calmly breathing as Castiel feeds him his cock. His mouth relaxed and his jaw slack, it takes barely any effort for the seraph to slide the entirety of his member in Dean’s mouth and throat.
Whatever he is, it’s stronger than steel. Dean puts his hands on Castiel's shoulders to keep him as far as possible now that he has allowed him some space. He seems to respect that for now. Dean better move fast before he changes his mind.
They should be dismissed from their classes in less than ten minutes, and they will want to see the new shiny thing that is Dean. Maybe even Mrs. Donna and Mrs. Linda will want to get to meet Dean. That will be scheduled for later when he feels comfortable with other humans getting near his mate.
Castiel is still hard. He hauls Dean up and throws him on the arm on the couch with his ass in the air. Carefully he removes Dean's butt plug, trying to avoid any leaking, and slides his throbbing shaft on Dean in one smooth motion. He can get used to this. He doesn't want this to ever stop.
She got up trying to clean it up, showing her ass off, practically shoving it on Castiel’s lap, and the angel was hard in seconds, ready to impregnate her. He stood up and shoved her roughly to the bookcase, quickly getting his hot length inside of her in one smooth movement, and his oil covered fingers on her mouth to silence her. No foreplay, just breeding her.
It was unnecessary dramatic, and difficult to get her to hand him the newborn, he saw it in her eyes, she would hurt the hatchling if he made the wrong thing. She tried to fly into the night, but Castiel always keeps an eye on all of his offspring. It almost broke Castiel’s heart to take the baby away and erase her memory.
Castiel is almost drunk on it, on Dean. This is what it feels like to be in love. Now he knows that he would kill to protect and to keep Dean. This is everything, he is everything.
Today is different, right now he is planning in high detail on how to approach a conscious Dean, and convince him to stay and mate with him, and it is easier say than done. Most of Castiel’s ideas are not realistic, or sadly they have too many variables to be considered seriously.
It was heartbreaking, the mere idea of losing a child. He couldn’t afford the loss of a heavenly miracle, not even once. Even if he already has eleven Nephilim, he needs and wants as much as possible, every last one of them is precious and has a place in his heart.
Today is a self-care day. He finishes two beers before he slowly starts to touch himself. Lazily stroking himself until he gets hard. Dean thinks of his step father's blue eyes, his large hands, and a big cock. Maybe he could make Castiel mad, and the doctor would bend him and slap his ass until is red.  Maybe he would fuck him until Dean got the lesson. Yeah, that sounds good. He is on his third beer when he opens his lube and coats his right hand and fingers. He could invite Benny over. Except Benny said he was going to go camping with his dad. Whatever.
Dean is twenty one when Mary invites him to have a brunch with her. Everything seems normal until Mary tells him that she was offered a new job in London and that she is planning to accept it. Sam loves living there with his new girlfriend Eileen, and he really misses his mom. She also misses Sam and loves that country from old the times that she visited it for work and when she wanted to see Sammy.
The seraph looks at Eileen in his best efforts to project a strict, yet understanding expression. “Do not worry, Eileen. We will talk about all of these tomorrow. Please take the children to the playroom and do not let any of them outside until I tell you to.”
This month has been an exceptional experience, finding Dean and getting to touch him at last, not even mentioning feeding of him, has been such a wonderful learning experience. At first, Castiel was upset when he spotted Dean and he refused to engage in Castiel’s advances, even if the attraction coming off of him was one of the most intoxicating, and deep that Castiel had ever felt. He had to have Dean, no matter how repressed the hunter was.
She shyly nods, looking at Dean; the hunter replies to her by complimenting her purple hair bow. She laughs and lowly thanks, Dean.
Lauren stays, Angelica? He does not know yet, Marina wants to leave as soon as she gives birth, Renee definitely wants to stay, Chastity will lea...
So sorry for the delay, it was my mom's birthday, then I had to make a four-day trip to another city where I couldn't edit this, then my glasses broke, anyway... here it is. I hope that you like this, this is one of my favorites chapters, I quite enjoyed writing it. BTW, thank you so much to all the lovely people that have been leaving comments, it truly means a lot to me and makes me even more eager to post this story.
He is better than a pet, he is the mate that Castiel has been looking for, it has been only a couple of hours since he last slept with Dean and he wants it again. He misses him, oh Christ what he would do to have him on his bed, just watching him, the most beautiful meal that Castiel has had the pleasure to feed off.
When he finally found the source of distress it was a young woman, a victim of a rogue Gregory feeding directly her soul and from the other two women. She begged for him to take her body and save her friends, it was too late for her and she knew it. Castiel killed the monster, using her as a vessel.
Claire pushes the door. “She didn’t let him in. It was me, I opened the door. I ran to get to it before Miss Leahy, even when she said to not open it.”
Castiel shushes him as he tries to get free. “Dean please, you said we needed to talk.” He sighs, and lets go of Dean but still trapped. “Let’s talk, Dean. I promise I will not lie about anything. You can trust me.”
Emma knows how to use her big sad brown eyes to get what she wants when Castiel does not answer right away. "Please, dad. It will only be five minutes."
It is his fault, he was way too trusting of Dean. At least when his children are included he does not take risks. Still, he knows that with literally anyone else he would not let them get this near with his guard down. He needs to be more careful around the hunter, at least until he has Dean’s heart. Nevertheless, even if he tried to hurt him is still Dean. Still beautiful.
The seraph sends Eileen a text to let the Nephilim out of the room when dinner is ready, and to immediately send them to bed. He will not join them tonight, he has a date with Dean. Some of the children may be upset at him for missing one of the daily occasions where he can spend time with all of them without being interrupted, still, he does not feel guilty, since is rare for him to skip their quality time together. He hopes they understand, they are smart children.
Dean thinks that he should be upset, he is just glad that Lisa is out of his life. John moves to Las Vegas and Dean doesn't miss him.
“Good. Maybe we could send Sammy to a good college with this.” He looks at Castiel and offers him his hand. “You have a deal, doc.”
“Your boyfriend.” Interjects Emma. She hands Alexander to Claire and takes a step in front of her older sister.
As soon as Dean is able to open his eyes, Cas pushes his hard cock inside of him, using his wing oil as lube, and starts a fast pace. Dean immediately responds to the oil, smiling and eyes glazed over with pleasure. Sighing at feeling himself filled, he knows he belongs to Castiel.
"You could give me a tour of this place." Comments Dean while putting his boots on. "It's a big place. I bet it would take most of the day to see it.” He smiles in that charming cheeky way. “Also I want to check on baby, she spent the night outside by herself"
The young man opens his eyes, and sees that he is covered with a knitted blue blanket and a light blue duvet, surrounded by fluffy expensive pillows; probably all of this is handmade, green and all that shit that Sam always insisted on buying but never could afford. There’s a fricking white and gold marble fireplace in front of him, on the wall above the thing, it rests a frigging fancy and stuck-up painting of Castiel with the kids. It’s pretty even with the tacky frame.
The second candidate, an elegant woman named Lauren is now pregnant, and happily nesting in one of the bondmaid bedrooms; filled with Castiel’s seed, blissed out on wing oil. He cannot help it, if he just fed he is totally able to ignore the lust coming from most people if he wishes to, just this time, he could feel the strength of that woman as a vessel, the potential to carry one of his children, he had to breed her.
It is odd, Dean's attachment to his car, as long as it does not interfere with his future duties as Castiel's partner and father of the Nephilim, he will not mind.
Sometimes, when Castiel has more free time he extracts vials of wing oil from himself, and stores it in his private chambers. Today he brought one special batch, this one is mixed with his grace. It will not change anything in Dean’s biology or mind, it will only allow him to open his mind, and heart to Castiel. It is just a new way to make him more agreeable to accept that he wants the angel. The oil will make them closer, and Dean will finally realize that he needs to surrender his internalized homophobia and go to the angel. They will be so happy together.
"I didn't think you were the type that lets people eat on the bed." Comments Dean, stuffing his face with everything in his reach.
"I knew you would be a begging bitch." Says Castiel. Dean tenses at the same time that his stepfather flips him on the lounger, now resting on his back. He can watch the sky, but Castiel bends him in half, roughly. All he can see is Castiel.
He has never been married and doesn't have any children. He seems to be perfect for Mary, he has no addictions or problems with authority or exes; he is smart, rich, and really hot.
“Doc, how much time does it take to register him after you put it on the system? We want to hand him over as soon as possible.”
The fingers get out of him and something bigger presses at his entrance. Castiel slides his cock into him and quickly starts to thrust into him. It's the good kind of burn.
Dean hums, chewing the food. Everything is delicious and fresh, this food must be fucking expensive. The restaurants that Dean usually eats at have warm and tasty food. Everything is tasty if it's covered in grease and salt. All of the things that Cas brought for him are fricking awesome, he even has that exotic fruit that Dean used once to hunt a weird school of crawly monsters. He had to wait two weeks to find, and get one, then stuck in customs and it was a day away from rotting, this one is juicy and firm. He bets that Castiel gets everything in an organic and fair trade place or something market that would cost weeks’ worth of money for food on Dean's cheap restaurants.
But now he has found Dean, he is a different kind of soul entirely. His soul is a supernova while the other ones are barely considered as falling stars, no longer bright, yet warm enough for him to survive. The rest of the humans that Castiel has laid with since he fell are just a fraction of what he has found in Dean, they are no longer touched by Castiel’s absent father's graces.
The two girls look a little scared about the situation unfolding; they must have felt Castiel’s uneasiness, Eileen also looks nervous. The angel cannot have them here, it is way too risky. Dean is closer than before, yet far enough to get distance between them if Castiel were to try something, at least he thinks that. It is time to stop this.
Gently, he slides his finger on the warm channel, Castiel hums, noticing how tight he is, definitely, he is worth the million or two if John wishes to sell him. He will be quite a delicious toy to have. Like he told John, he hasn’t seen an Omega with these characteristics in quite some time, If Castiel manages to buy him from the Winchesters, he could have enough money for a new mansion, or maybe a cottage in Europe. In the yearly auction in Cabo, Dean could be sold at five million.
Seeing the tempting thing under him, forced to take his cock, still pressing back on it, even after he already came, makes Castiel go over the brink. His knot starts to swell and catch on Dean’s rim. The omega whines with the growing length inside of him, turning around his head to look at Castiel. He comes locked into place and Dean’s ass tightens, even more, coming a second time.
That's enough for Castiel. He lets go of Dean and gets on his knees and opens their pants. Takes his lover's dick in his right hand and engulfs his length in one motion, bobbing his head, up and down sucking Dean while jacking himself off.
The young man is already writhing on the bed, and sighing to the light touches that Castiel gives to his hole, circling, caressing, introducing two fingers until he can bend them inside of Dean. The angel shoves down Dean’s boxers, sending them across the room to the floor, not even bothering to see where they fall. The offending garment will only get in the way.
