He sank into the seat Jan saved for him. The lecture hall was still filling with students, and the drone of voices filled the space, interspersed with bright spots of laughter.
Steve sat back down. He poured Tony a glass of milk, then himself one. He brought it up in cheers. “Here’s to 3 amazing years.”
“Um no.” Tony let out in a small laugh. “But...I did…um…” He let out another laugh, more nervous than the first. “Well, I’m just going to go ahead and say it and hope you don’t get mad at me.” Tony said, taking a breath he rambled through his confession, “I may have accidentally-not so accidentally- taken home one of your sketchbooks.”
That brought Steve reeling back to reality. "Really?" Steve asked trying to keep his voice level.
The movie was funny. At least Steve figured the movie was funny considering the laughter that kept coming from the audience.
Tony thought about it. The proposal could be done naked, he supposed. But then he would have to convince Steve to get dressed and host a party. Knowing the two of them, there was a good chance they would fall into the temptation and just start round three. “You sure you don’t want to shower? Quick rinse? Put on some pants at least? So we don’t get your chairs all sticky and gross.”
Tony gave one last look over the living room. Streamers and balloons were meticulously placed throughout. Photos and drawings of the couple were placed throughout. On one wall they were arranged to make a heart.
“Um here,” Steve said, pushing the pie at Tony as he stepped inside.
A few months ago, the first time Tony dared extend their morning chats to a day of watching movies, he realized that Mr. Rogers was a lot cuter than the girl he left behind in his apartment. He also realized that it was easier to talk to him than any of the other girls he had been with. And for a brief second the thought ‘
"Yeah?" Steve asked as sat down on his bed.
“If you're not too busy.” Steve added, not wanting to coerce Tony into doing anything he didn’t want to do.
Bucky opened his mouth to protest, he loved going through Steve’s sketchbooks, getting a glimpse of all that was going on in his friend's head. But his mouth snapped shut and his face shifted, giving Steve a knowing look as he saw him scrambling to put away all of his sketchbooks.
Point is, it means a lot to me that you’ve read my story, and I would love the opportunity to continue to foster that with you. But at the very least, I thank you for giving my story and me a chance and your time.
Steve let a dorky smile appear on his face as he carefully texted out his response.
“Ow. Stop.” Nat swatted away Tony’s hand.
Steve leaned over and kissed his collar bone, tracing his way along Tony’s chest. “Ready for round three?”
you called me last night to pick you up from a party. I didn’t know where you lived so I brought you back to my place. You refused to sleep on the couch because you're ‘too good for that’” Steve smirked trying to hide the amusement in his voice.
“We still have half an hour till the play with the babies thing.” Tony said shaking extra water off his hair as they walked out of the dolphin exhibit. “We saw most of the animals already, we fed the giraffes, pet the zebras. What we haven’t done is play any of the games.”
“Haha” He laughed bringing the phone close to his ear and hearing it dial.
******
“What? Why are you comparing me to a cartoon character?” Tony asked, settling back into his seat. “Are you-" a smile formed on his face, "did you drink this morning? Should I call Happy and get him to drive you back?”
Steve pinched his brows together, "not this again." He walked towards his desk, Sam at his heel asking about his mystery date.
“Right.” Tony said taking in deep breaths to drive away the tears. “I am pretty smart, right? I mean, I went to MIT at what fourteen? Right? I am smart-wow. Hap look up. The sky is so...wow.”
“Yeah. I like the idea of flying.” Tony said.
Matty doesn't mind that his neighbor Terry hides out in his apartment most mornings. In fact, it's something he has begun to look forward to. He enjoys the time they spend together, the friendship they have fostered. He would enjoy their time together even more if Terry wasn't hiding out to avoid his one-night standers who didn't have the "courtesy" to leave before morning. What Matty didn't know was that Terry had been coming over even on mornings where there was no one else camping out in his room. He enjoyed his mornings with Matty more than he was willing to think about.
Steve tilted his head. Waiting for Tony to continue.
Tony took a second, because the way Steve growled that into his ear was damn hot. It left him stammering and melting.
Dazed, Steve got out of his chair, forcing his work brain to turn back on and shutting out his personal life brain as he made his way to his boss's office.
Tony weaved his way through the crowded kitchen, “one sliced and diced bowl of ham, just as instructed.” He handed the bowl to Thor who inspected it, he smiled up at Tony in a nod of approval. Tony found it interesting how his body tingled at the feeling of approval, that he got something right.
"Okay, now with one hand grab the towel tightly and bring it up to your belly button, and with the other hand reach underneath and pull out your bo- you know what I can actually just leave the bathroom- um you won't fall right?" Steve said, semi regaining himself. He got up and with the one hand carefully removed the shirt from the toilet and closed the lid, the other hand momentarily left its place in front of Steve's own zipper in order to flush the contents of said toilet, then quickly returned to its guard position.
“Never mind,” Steve said, a fond smile creeping on his face, watching Tony’s eyes light up, his hand trying to get a hold of the sun.
hammered.” He sat on the counter. “It was like 11:40 when you just started pounding and pounding on my door, yelling something along the lines of '
"I'm not really sure what I am. We talked a lot about different sexualities that I didn't know existed. And I mean, a lot. All I know is that... I like you."
“Why are you guys here?” Steve asked not indicating any sign of letting them in.
It had been three years since they married. Three months since they bought their house with the large yard and white picket fence Tony had always dreamed of.
Steve chuckled from behind the tree he had been watching Tony from.
“Mr. Stark?” He heard someone finally say from the other line.
“Are…” He observed Tony as best he could in the darkness. “Are you naked?” His eyes inadvertently widened and he swung to look around the apartment as he tried to cover Tony’s body with his own.
********
Steve sighed, why couldn't anybody understand how big this was for him? "It's a wedding." He explained to Sam, "
"The hell happened to you? You look like a zombie." Sam greeted Steve as he walked into the office later that morning. Steve held up a finger to get Sam to be quiet and he squeezed his eyes as he said:
“No!” Steve replied. “I mean,” He added with a gut feeling like he should still seem open to one, just in case. “I prefer this.” He looked Tony up and down, pleasure visible on his face.
“Yeah?”
Well, that is assuming the person ringing the bell was, in fact, him and not Ms. Sheryl from the third floor who forgot her key again. He finished the last of his toast and downed his milk as he walked to the answering machine.
“You're definitely the oldest,” Nat nodded, smirking at Rhodey.
“So should we postpone the pie?” Steve slightly moved away from the kiss, his voice was raspy and he was struggling to steady his breathing.
“Yeah.” He quickly dried off his hands and made his way to Stark.
"No thanks." Steve said letting his shoulders drop.
“It’s uh- I- I made it…” Tony explained upon seeing Steve’s confused look.
. "How's Rob?" He added as an afterthought.
"I'm impressed, man." Sam said as he lifted the two coffees trying to avoid getting splashed as he struggled to keep up with his friend. "I mean I seriously thought you had no bad bone in your body, all rules and regulations and stuff. But you did it. You lied and took a sick day. And don't try and tell me you were actually sick because you don't
, he began looking for tasty breakfast recipes.
“Are you kidding me? This is like a thousand times better!” Tony beamed as he set his ingredients on the counter. “This.” He looked at the busy kitchen and all the smiling faces, “this is something I haven’t experienced in a long time.”
A flutter of panic passed through him as he saw his friends smirk. He knew that smirk. He ran to the buzzer but was stopped short by Thor’s big hands around him.
"So why do I owe you a towel?" He asked trying to keep his voice light but managing to crack it anyway.
- Last Night, 11:43 pm
“This is what best friends do!” The whole room shouted back, well almost the whole room, Jane was busy eating an apple.
They settled back into their seats and watched as the trainers strode out on their dolphins.
And oh god that was not helping what Steve was trying to do, because now he was thinking about other things of Tony poking him. He looked out of the windshield, lips pressing tightly together.
“Well, I meant the Doritos are currently in my room, I was thinking we could snack them out here and finish the movie. But if you want to hang in my room that’s fine too.” Steve replied completely nonchalant, like the cool person he was. Tony envied this, Steve’s ability to not freak out like him. It also reinforced his idea that Steve was simply a good person and a good friend. Not a guy in love with him.
Steve nearly choked on his food when Tony finally bounced into frame landing giddishly on his chair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Aren’t you guys always saying you're my best friends? Huh what happened to that?” Steve pleaded once Sam’s finger was off the button.
mood killer.
"Seriously man are you okay? You weren't actually sick on Friday where you? Are you feeling queasy? Should I drive you to the doctors?" Sam was asking when Steve grasped his shoulder, giving it a quick tight squeeze.
“Look, man, we’ve had this conversation a thousand times before. Steve, they know that I’m not… they know what they’re doing and what’s going to happen, I’m always perfectly clear about that okay? I never lead these girls on and make them think there’s more than what there really is, they know that that’s just the way it is with me.” Tony shrugged.
Steve narrowed his eyes. Tony was rambling. One of the many things he adored about the man, yes, but not something he did in bed. At least not recently. Those first few months, okay year, he was a rambling stuttering red-faced mess in bed. Eventually, he was able to regain his “game,” as he called it, finally having his turn at turning Steve into the rambling stuttering red-faced mess for the following months. They still left each other muttering breathless moaning messes. But they had gotten pretty good at talking game.
"I- I sketched a lot this weekend and no I don't have a date yet for the wedding." Steve finally gave in. He added, "I don't get why I even need one. I'm totally fine going alone all of my friends are going to be there so I won't actually be alone."
“Wait! What? No!” Bucky cut him off.
“Okay well we’ll save your company a hundred bucks.” Tony said pulling Steve out of his thoughts.
“Not like I haven’t been burned before...the recipe was faulty.” Tony tried to play it off, fighting his instinct to pull his hand away, instead watching Steve worryingly inspect it gingerly tracing his fingers over the skin.
“Oh get over yourself Stark.” He finally whispered and let himself in.
“Are you sure this isn’t just some rebound guy for you?” Bruce had asked him earlier that day after Tony had finished describing Steve’s adorable ineptness with technology. “I mean, you just broke up with Pepper last month. She introduced you to her new boyfriend last week. Are you positive that what you are feeling isn’t your way of forcing yourself to get over her? Or getting her to see she didn’t break your heart? That you can just bounce back up and find a new partner.” Bruce asked as delicately as he could. He didn’t want to offend his best friend but he just wanted to make sure that what was happening was in both Tony’ and Steve’s best interest.
“Right pie.” Tony pointed towards the kitchen where they had already left the materials out.
“Yes.” Steve grinned. “It’s a fuck yes!”
Steve stared at his computer screen, mustering his self-proclaimed skill,  "...it is to me...."
"You are here because you are an integral part of Stark Industries,
Tony let his weight fall on the other man, nuzzling his shoulder.
“I’m out of here.” Was all Steve said in resignation.
“What I meant to say was- or what I’m trying to say is that you know, you’re an amazing friend so I can only imagine what a great boyfriend you would be.” Tony laughed trying to play it off, maybe Steve would see his speech as totally platonic. “Like you know,” Tony added, for good measure, “in general, you’re good at stuff and whoever the hell is lucky enough to... you know, uh-”
A quit null had settled into the room that Tony only now just realized. He felt everybody's eyes on him. He cleared his throat, only to find it completely dry; his mind impulsively started throwing jokes and sarcasm at him to spew out.
Another time, he looked up at the camera and began telling Steve a story of a puppy he had found once when he was a little boy.
"So yeah... I still have the actual building part to do, but that's easy. I already have everything else worked out in my brain." Tony smiled widely pointing at his temple. Steve looked up at Tony's eyes (his nose was practically plastered on the screen where Tony's chest was), they were so wide eyed, full of joy and excitement, so innocent to anything wrong in his world.
“Yeah, cause that’s a whole lot more discrete.” Steve laughed, though he was happy Sam didn’t take him up on his offer, that would have been a very interesting conversation to start with Jemma.
Steve chuckled, nodding. “To 3,000 more.” He picked up the knife.
“Umm…” A little voice piped behind Tony as he snapped another picture of Steve. Tony turned around to face the bright red face of a young high school age girl.
"Good. We actually got on the topic of you."
“Please. Not so loud.” Tony demanded, putting up his hand to block the sun. He took another look around.
“You know—for future reference—it’s polite to ask someone before you start flipping through their things,” Steve said grabbing at the sketchbook Tony just picked up.
Here's what Steve told the guys, but with spaces! Sorry it's all smushed together up there, (and no commas!!) it's just poor nervous Steve forgot how to take breaths between words /.\
“Peace offering.” Steve blushed as he sat on the counter opposite Tony, their knees once again kissing.
“What the hotdogs and cotton candy from the zoo didn’t fill you?” Tony teased as Steve headed for the concessions line.
http://orig10.deviantart.net/60f8/f/2012/130/e/3/e39b983d9d5c9a3ecb68e52e2f3dc018-d4z8hw6.jpg
“When am I not?” She smirked. Then herded the group of friends out the door.
He pushed the button. "Nope, haven't eaten yet," he hid the glass behind his back as though Tony might somehow be able to magically see it.
And, as if on cue, his phone started singing again and his screen lit up with Tony Stark's name. Steve tried holding in his smile as he answered and brought the phone to his face.
“Yeah, well that and wondering why we hadn’t ordered any cheeseburgers. I’m hungry, aren’t you hungry? We should order cheeseburgers. I’ll call.” He said getting up from the sofa, momentarily forgetting he had been acting as Steve’s headrest, causing it to
“No. Transia. It’s near Serbia.” The man responded then handing Steve the rings, “you play or not?”
“With twins.” Jemma nodded as she walked to the other side of Jane.
“Uhh it’s recording? Should I stop th-”
Tony was pretty sure his own face was the same color red as his keys at this point.
"I was on the phone with Nat and Simmons."
“Steven Rogers.
Did it take the story in another direction (is that bad?)??
“What?”
“One more.” She said positioning the camera in a different angle.
Before Tony could open his mouth, Rhodey was speaking again. “I’m his oldest friend—”
“Wow man, look at you, going all out for this. I’m sure Bucky would be happy with whatever you plan though. Even if it is just all of playing pool or something.”
“Um. Is this a bad time?” Tony asked taking in the view.
"We are!"
This chapter talks about something I'm working on. Don't need to read for story, but would greatly appreciate if you did :)
"Yeah, I was building something...I needed materials that I didn't have at home." He replied to her interrogation, still refusing to meet her eyes.
“Yeah well…” Tony couldn’t think of anything to say, he hated how Steve had the ability to do this to him, “...you’d… you’d be a pretty great- boyfriend too. You know all caring and mother-henning,” he pointed at his burn, which thankfully was now not throbbing as hard, “you know you’d make sure that I never felt stupid about myself for messing up breakfast or anything else, you wouldn’t let me wallow in self-pity either. You- you make amazing pies, and I love watching you draw, you are such an amazing artist and you don’t even make a big deal out of it like how do you do that? I’m good at tech stuff and I make a huge deal out it, but you-you are just so humble- you humble me. I love listening to your stories, I mean you can actually get me to shut up and fully listen, I’ve never really paid that much attention to anyone else, ever. And then the way you can stand to listen to me, going on hours and hours about my life, and my robots and projects, even though they probably confuse the hell out you since I use engineering terms and you probably have a million other better things to be doing than listening to me drone on and on about drones, but you do it anyways. And then the other day I found a dictionary for engineers in your stuff and well, that just- you know, to know that you’re actually trying- you’re going out of your way for me, more than out of your way. Because you’re so selfless and so god damn amazing that you allowed me to be a part of your life when you probably should have slammed the door in my face, and oh my god you’re good with kids, don’t ask me how I know that I just do. And you’re an amazing teacher, you’re so patient and caring. I suck at drawing but somehow you’ve made me less sucky- and- and god you’re smart, like I mean you were basically Grandpa Rogers when we met, no technology knowledge at all- but now, you can code, grant it your still at the basics but do you realize how fast you picked it all up for someone who had never used a computer before? Your morals, oh my god you are a perfect little saint, you’re all stars and stripes, and a fucking hero basically- well at least my hero. I need you in my life you make me go straight- well not that- but you know what I mean, you keep me, I don’t know- sane. You’re just so perfect and there’s, there’s all these things that I love about you, and I just- I can’t put it into words- you know I’ve always sucked at expressing myself- the way you get so into whatever movie we are watching and how you always stand up for the little guy, or how, when you draw, you get this little crease in between your eyebrows and you stick your tongue out a little and- shit.” Tony shut his mouth when he realized he was rambling off things from his I love Steve notebook. Fuck, well that was a give away he hadn’t planned on giving. His eyes were darting everywhere, everywhere except for Steve’s eyes.
“Um...never mind.” Tony exhaled pinching his nose. Great everything he touched ended up getting ruined.
"There's a fair ten minutes up. Was wondering if you wanted to go there? Have a proper
******
Tony glanced at his watch. He had been standing out on the beach for over an hour.
Hope you are liking it, please comment and kudos!
Steve froze in anticipation. The only thing audible, his breathing and the whirring of the microwave. "Didja do it?"
“And I’m Natasha his fiance, ditto on the killing you part if you hurt Steve.” Nat said as Bucky released Tony’s hand. Her expression though was a lot nicer than Bucky's as she shook Tony’s hand.
Tony just stared at him like he had suddenly grown a unicorn horn.
“WOAH.” The rest of the group reacted in unison.
"Why- what- um- um- um- what- I- shit- Tony- fuck- what- okay- uh here!" He said throwing the towel at Tony and began looking for another towel to cover his own growing bulge.
"What were you building?" She prodded.
’ through the keyhole in my door.”
He pulled out a box wrapped in red gift wrap with a huge gold bow taped to the top. He eyed Steve with the mirth of a little kid on Christmas as he handed him the box.
“Hey Sally.” Tony heard himself yell as he waved his hand in the air. She smiled at the acknowledgment and several people from the tables around them glanced over to see what the commotion was about. “Could you please not stare like that at my date and I?” Tony continued. “It’s rude. And it makes us uncomfortable.” Sally’s eyes widened in shock and embarrassment. Several more people turned to face their direction. He could tell when people recognized him, their faces would twist into shock and confusment. Wasn’t he dating Pepper? Was’t he straight? Isn’t he too famous to come out?  Thankfully they were classy enough to not rush them with pictures and questions, they just slowly turned their heads back to their meal and whispered gossip to those around them, glancing occasionally at their table.
“Bucky is my best friend. He's getting married next month and I haven’t sent in my reservation letter. which he is
“Yeah.” Steve grinned. “You mentioned that but you also said that you could build anything, you were a mad genius and how hard could a pie be.”
“Come on, let’s get you in the car. Do you know where you live?” Steve asked carefully guiding Tony to the shotgun.
“That was fun.” Steve said as they were leaving the zoo.
Steve blinked a few times. “Yes?”
In the morning he found himself fumbling outside Steve’s door two hours before their agreed time.
“So we still on for tomorrow morning right? Pies?” Tony asked as he was stepping out of Steve’s apartment.
Tony froze….what? Birthday present? He never got anything for Steve. Sure he spent weeks wracking his brain over whether or not he should, but they had only known each other for a few months then and he didn’t want to be weird about it. So he had settled on getting him a birthday card and writing in it -“Thanks for being the best neighbor anybody could ask for.” But he gave it to Steve a week before his actual birthday. He had wanted to give Steve space to celebrate on his own, with his actual friends.
." Tony replied with a bit more snark than he meant.
Pepper put down the file she was holding and looked at Tony, who was trying his hardest to not make eye contact, to not squirm under her gaze.
Steve spent a good portion of the movie debating weather or not he should put his arm around Tony. His internal battle had been bad enough when he had taken Peggy on their fifth date to the movies and it wasn’t till the rolling credits Steve finally convinced himself that it would indeed be okay if he did put his arm around her.
“Okay so that’s...eight. Good friends,
"Umm... you wouldn't believe me if I told you." Steve finally answered, smiling at the memory of nursing a hot gazillionaire back to health, and making him breakfast, and then getting breakfast together, and then getting a personalized gift from him.
He opened the door to find a hunched up Steve holding a pie and a worried look.
“You go by Nat anyways! Please Nat give me this one!” Jemma interlocked her hands and tried her best puppy face. “I’ll get down on my knees. Here I go. I’m kneeling. On this dirty greasy floor. In front of you. PLEAASSEE!!! People are staring Nat. PLEAASSEE!!” Natasha rolled her eyes and pulled her friend back up off the floor.
"I drove Tony back to his place last night and ended up staying there and we slept together -- but not like slept slept together -- well technically we did sleep sleep together -- but like actually slept slept like snoring slept--on the couch and then Rhodey found us and it was awkward but I didn't want to make it awkward since apparently to Tony it wasn't that awkward -- and then we had breakfast and he said I could pick something out from his closet -- and man his closet is big and we ended up -- or I guess I ended up trying on nearly all of his clothes -- though I guess you could say it was the two of us since he kept handing me stuff -- and it was a lot of fun cause he had JARVIS play music and it felt like we were little kids playing dress up and we talked a bunch throughout the whole thing -- oh and did I mention we spent the whole night talking too -- yeah we talked till we fell asleep on each other but its really no big deal can you guys stop making it such a big deal? " Steve said, taking a much needed gasp of air.
“No, I mean it, buddy!” Steve laughed shaking Tony by the shoulders, “You’d make a great boyfriend.” There was that eye flicker again.
“I distinctly remember you telling me last week that you were an old fashioned guy, you wanted the house, the picket fence, the kids running around and the perfect marriage, huh what about that?” Steve was eyeing Tony, “how are you supposed to get all that with one-night stands? Especially when you can’t even face the girl in the morning?”
He rolled his eyes at her banter. “I’m just saying. It’s what makes sense. Tony and I, we’re brothers.”
Tony’s jaw tensed at the word stuff. But he reminded himself that could mean anything, like eating or watching tv…
“But no she’s right. He is...amazing. And dating somebody like that...well ... you don’t. Not that I’m saying I would want to date Tony, just, you know, even if I did…” Steve shrugged his shoulders.
Steve looked at the wall clock again. “Okay you guys need to leave,” Steve said looking around his apartment, now overflowing with friends. “He’s going to b-” right on cue, his buzzer rang.
But he doesn’t
“We should restock in Xandar.” Nebula offers.
Happy 2019, everyone! I wish you all much happiness this upcoming year. Here, have a huge chapter to celebrate! And while we're here, let's get into some plot.
— They don’t want to
with Natasha.
And that will be all he can feel for a very, very long time.
And it scarred them. It scarred them and Tony can tell, can tell in the way even Nebula, who is as fierce as they can be, who growls and snaps and refuses to bend, how even she hunches her shoulders and looks away, how her metal fingers dig into the flesh of her arm, a gesture that tells more of her discomfort than her words ever could.
Should he really do this?
to believe, but he doesn’t allow himself to.
, and – Loki hadn’t been able to pick up the hammer, much less destroy it. What kind of
But this time, Steve will not react aggressively. He has no strength left in him to do so. He has argued about the Accords over and over and he is tired of it - He won’t start another war because of it. He can’t lose any more than he already has. He knows he wasn’t wrong, at least not completely, and that is enough for him; but he knows now that
Tony – Tony finds himself frozen in shock, for a long moment, considering Thor’s admission with a careful hand, almost delicately, as if it’s breakable. Surprised, by even being granted the confession at all. Thor’s echoing sadness over his loss of someone he cherished, of a lover who has stepped away; If it were anyone else saying this to him, Tony would have exploded in anger, in the wounded, hurtful way only someone who has been emotionally drained can, when pushed into letting go of their grief before they are ready to – But he can’t do that.
Not the Accords.
there’s something implicit in the words, and he doesn’t want to try and guess what it is.
Suddenly, Rogers stands up, and the strength in his posture and the steel sure fire in his otherwise guarded eyes is
clonk him at the back of the head if he dares to turn his back at her. Tony makes no show of pretending he doesn’t know who Lang is this time – he’s pretty sure that ship has sailed a long time ago anyway –, and when he explains how Nebula and Rocket came to be in their small group of survivors, Lang, being the eager puppy that he is, doesn’t question their participation at all and just takes it all in stride, which is a relief in its own regard. Tony can see he has questions beyond the mere recollection of their stories,
He finds Natasha in her room, siting by the desk, reading the newspaper. Steve spares no time to glance at it and check if it’s in Arabic or English, because his eyes can’t focus long enough to tell; He feels all over the place, his mind exploding but his body heavy, tense and ready to snap, ready for a battle that exists only inside himself.
, because
(A great improvement from our usual routine, don’t you think so?)
Steve is fucking
“Eight, then.” Steve nods, and completely ignores Tony’s wide-eyed surprise as he says: “I’ll let the others know.”
Maybe they can teach him to be loud, to be joyous, to be a fighter.
, Howard. That’s your son.”
maybe you should take a step back and take a
jealous. What would be the point of pretending he’s not?
, is telling him to
“She’s with Maggie, she’s safe.”
Cap screams, rage clawing at his throat, face distorted in reprehension.
he seems desperate to uphold despite himself, that pisses him off the most.
Where is everyone!?
God, Steve
This is ridiculous. They don’t understand. They really don’t.
“As many months as it’s taking you to get that ring out of the drawer, I think.”
him. He heard Tony move after he got up and helped Bucky, he heard him shifting and grunting— but he never looked back. He doesn’t know exactly what happened.
Clint makes a face. “Why?”
That doesn’t make much sense to him, honestly.
it that none of us knew was there, and I think you can find something that will help us stop it, if you just
She needs to—
, again and again, and it never ends.
“Okay, let's move on.”
God, he had been
—” Thor fumbles a little, almost ungracefully, but shoulders on, gesturing vaguely to the mockup beside Tony. “But I saw it. In the shape of a nebula.”
What if—
How can Natasha not see that!?
Tony stands there for a second, baffled, annoyed, and he watches Thor, Nebula, and Rocket stomp to the elevator to stand beside Natasha, all of them rigid and anxious, the doors held open by seemingly just Natasha’s sheer force of will, as if waiting on Tony to make his mind.
he did it, rather than how to
One thing he needs to solve, if he wants to fix this.
“Those of you who have no rooms,” he glances at Nebula. “Can pick any room you like from the west wing. They’re all available.”
Of course.
run through him; And he stomps it down quickly, not allowing himself to dwell on it for too long.
“Let’s bring it to the workshop. FRI, call everyone.” Tony says. “I want to see what we’re dealing with here.”
Steve watches them, holding his plate and not taking a single bite, and he thinks he has found out where the insistence Natasha has of making him eat comes from.
“Well, then how do you suggest we manage both the rescue and trying to save the planet?” Rhodey asks, turning to Rogers, not contrary but a little annoyed.
at you?” Rhodey asks, almost aggressive in his shock. “The hell do you mean by that?”
“It’s the Tree of Life.” Thor exhales, in almost wondrous realization, eyes wide in an agitated expression. “That is what we mean when we talk about Yggdrasil moving through the universe – it’s how the Bifrost allowed us to cross great distances in seconds. We manipulate the branches using dark energy, pushing and pulling two points closer or farther apart, so it’s faster to travel. When the two points are close enough, it’s possible to cross them like a doorway. I suspect this is what the rings of the Sorcerers do, to allow us access to his library.”
“I know that. Just—” Barton mutters to himself, defeated, before making a sound so guttural and wounded that calling it a frustrated groan is not enough. “God, we’re
” Sam complains. “So, what is it, Steve?”
<new idiom detected= “weather”>
about that, not betrayed, not angered, not
Like a gym. They are big, beefy guys—
“It’s ok. I’m fine.” Is what she says, and Tony knows it’s a lie.
, ‘cause he’s the one controlling it. That gives him an
where Tony’s mouth has been, and something about it – the banter, the blush on his face, the weird intimacy they’ve cultivated for each other – has Tony feeling a lot more daring than he has been in all the past times they’ve slept together.
It ends here. In this room. This workshop.
Stay safe, friends! And I hope you enjoyed this chapter :) I'll see you all in the next one <3
He doesn’t know
and a
, or else he won’t be able to sleep.
He can’t think of anything, so he nods. That’s all he does, a nod. He tries to say ‘
Halfway into their completely unrelated conversation, Tony realizes they are sitting very close to each other. And that translates wrong on the way to his brain.
If you think Pepper's reservations are about Iron Man, you're only seeing half the picture. There's a pattern to her behavior, and that pattern is directly related to what Tony does or doesn't do. If you think Iron Man is the problem, you're watching Pepper react to Tony's actions without thinking about Tony's actions. About what they mean. You can't understand why Pepper does what she does with their relationship without looking at Tony too. His morals, his actions, his choices.
All he has to do is wait.
Nebula are staring down at him in a semi-circle of disapproval, almost creating a barrier between him and Tony, Bruce, and Thor.
(Oh God. This sounds like is about to get worse.)
He knows it is. He knew it would be, he always knew. He should’ve done something when he had the chance. He doesn’t know what, he can’t even think, he can only quiver and shake and wait until his body finally gives out. Until the pain in his chest becomes too much and his heart seizes painfully, beating too fast and too loud, too dangerous, too old, and it finally, finally finishes him off. Tony always knew it could happen. He always knew, even after so many procedures to lessen the odds, after so many years forcing himself to take care of his health to try and stop it – ever since the beginning, ever since Afghanistan, he knew there would be a day his heart wouldn’t take it. It was already scarred. It was already fated to failure.
Natasha will not accept it.
They have to.
Oh no.
They were supposed to be together – maybe all of this wouldn’t have happened. Maybe they wouldn’t need to reach this point, but they
“Three months?” Rhodey parrots back, desolated.
“Depends, what can you do?” Tony replies.
“Wait here.” He tells them before he even knows what he’s doing, pushing the counter away to gain momentum to make sure his legs are
“Look, I’m don’t usually believe in these things, but isn’t that the point of a vision? Something that comes out of nowhere, for no reason?” Natasha points out, and Barton moves his head in exasperated agreement.
He realizes he cannot stop this.
“Is that because he’s not an Avenger?” Sam questions worriedly.
“That’s not necessary.” Cap gently assures. “I was staying at SHIELD Headquarters. Nothing there is really mine. I have everything I need here.”
“Anything you feel like sharing with the class?” Rhodey asks, in a tone that leaves no doubts that he really thinks Tony
He can’t even take it all in. He can’t
kicks back in, and his gaze turns genuinely earnest when he asks, “But are you sure we can’t be of any more help?”
swallow them whole and leave no room for other priorities except holding it up with their bare hands if they have to, this might be the only chance they have to go out there and find more people, people that can
Goddamnit. It doesn’t get any easier. It doesn’t make it easier, at all, that
And then, she points up, and Steve follows her finger only to realize this part of the glasshouse it’s connected to the inside of the palace – and there is something that looks like a viewing gallery a few meters away. It’s an entire wall made of glass, allowing the view of a long corridor about two floors up, that was obviously created to allow a scenic view of the entire garden, even the part that’s far away, where the glasshouse just opens up to a huge balcony that allows a view of the entire field behind the Wakandan palace. It must be beautiful. Even from down here, at this hour, the setting sun makes the rays bleed through the glass roof and bathe the multi-colored garden in an almost ethereal light, making the small part of Steve that is still an artist at its core sing in delight. The reds and the yellows against the bright green of the leaves, the unusual colors of a particularly large flower that grows much taller than all the others, like the crowning jewel of the garden. He can only imagine what it looks like from up there. It’s probably breathtaking. He imagines Bucky was most certainly joking about finding this place relaxing, because Bucky was never one to stop and admire the scenery like Steve is, but if there is one place on Earth that might’ve changed his mind, it would be this garden.
God, fuck, he did, and Natasha knows. Everything as connected inside her mind now. She stares at him, at his beard, his tense shoulders, his bleeding fists, his locked jaw, his
“Natasha.” Steve breathes, shocked. He feels relief automatically, so intensely it’s not even comforting, more like a punch in the guts, making him sound a little winded. She very clearly finds that very amusing.
“11 minutes.” Tony repeats, dumbly. “If you just sit tight and wait a little longer, FRIDAY will get there and make sure you’re safe, alright? She’ll bring you here. She’ll—” and he gesticulates like a madman, into nothing, despite the fact she cannot see him through a mere voice call. Tony lets out a deep breath, that comes off broken and exhausted, stuttering inside his throat as it comes free, trembling just like the rest of him, and it barely does anything to calm him down at all.
“I don’t know.” He admits, weakly, but hopefully. “But he’s better.”
when she disappeared, and it shouldn’t have mattered, not when he had already known it would happen. It’s just how she is, isn’t it? It’s fine. It’s fine. And Tony had deserved it, her anger. He taunted her. He pushed when he shouldn’t have.
And even if Tony
(I’m sorry.)
So. Endgame, huh? WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?
For a brief, dark moment, he wonders if she’s doing this because she doesn’t believe he will survive this time, not this time – and he hates that the even dares to think of it right in the next second, because it’s such an uncharitable thought, and Pepper would never do something like that.
He has to keep it together.
“I just…” Barton exhales, forcefully, and tries again, slower. “I think we need to talk. You and me.”
it. Tony knows she doesn’t mean them any harm.
than call him for help. It hurts because Steve knows it’s
of all people asked,
, and Steve has never been so transparent to her before. The darkest, most villainous thing Steve has ever done, a selfish call and an
, and not
, and he always thought people would think of him as anything more than that as he is breaking their homes and leaving the debris behind.
It’s an exhausting game. Jarvis thought he was past this. That his days as deflector of the truth were over, way behind him, left with no regrets decades ago. As much as he enjoyed working with a few agents and helping Mr. Stark, his life as a butler had been a much needed rest from the unending web of lies and escapades he lived during his youth, and he did not miss that. As much as his duties as a butler had, certainly, surpassed one of a regular butler – he did work for Howard Stark, after all – Jarvis knew the game. He knew the team. And he knew what to do.
“I guess we all had our agendas.” Tony cryptically replies, an ugly smile on his face. “I had mine, Rogers had his. We couldn’t compromise.
“No, but – that’s – that’s not a bad idea, write that down.” Tony points to absolutely no one, but FRIDAY will surely make note of it. “But what we know is that the Sorcerers in the Sanctum have dark energy figured out, or at least some of it, and hopefully Lang is still alive out there and will come back with good news.”
But it doesn’t.
, FRIDAY.” Tony bites, and then immediately regrets and backs down. “I just— I need to know.”
After a long, painful beat, from where he still stands facing the corridor Barton and Romanov disappeared to, Rogers turns around and, for a brief, unexpected moment, he and Tony lock eyes.
“We won’t be using any spells.” Bruce assures him, smiling awkwardly.
“Right away.” FRIDAY readily complies.
(That is why he understands.)
He hasn’t forgotten that either. First and foremost, as a king, yes, but as soon as he put on the Black Panther suit and got involved, the Accords were pushed into his hands. Scott will probably have to sign them when he returns, even though he’s never seen them before. What does that tell them? Isn’t that proof enough? They won’t stop, not until every single enhanced person is under their control. That’s not safe. That’s not
What could he possibly do?
he’s yelling, he knows he’s yelling, and he
How did a simple stop by a diner turned into a freaking
“Problem is Thanos is driving and we’re blindfolded on the passenger seat.” Natasha grumbles.
to get us working on the same page, because if we’re not, we might
, and he allows his head to fall back and rest against the cold cot under him, blinking away the tears that wallow in his eyes in a far too vulnerable discharge of adrenaline.
Natasha had been right. Maybe more than he should, but he can’t lie and say that he doesn’t, because he
“But that’s important information.” Tony admits, pointing to Rocket in affirmation, after a brief second of consideration.
Tony doesn’t actually need Bruce’s help, but he’ll say he does, if that takes Bruce out of that room for a couple minutes. He doesn’t look close to going green, but if he is going green, Tony would like to avoid it. And maybe more than anyone else in this room, maybe even more than Rhodey, Bruce is neutral ground, he is the only voice Tony will stand to hear with any composure, until the raw, vulnerable feeling sleep left lingering behind, the hold of Pepper’s hand still searing in his own, finally gives a little, and lets him
Tony has been forced to do worse than to house an unwilling business partner. Or unwanted. Whatever. Semantics. Tony really doesn’t care Rogers is sleeping under his roof, it’s not like they’re sharing a bed. Once was enough of that. Whatever Rogers does when he disappears when the sun goes down, that is not Tony’s concern anymore, and he
enough to make him feel like he’s having a heart attack. “There is nothing left.”
, he argues with himself,
“Because if he decides he doesn’t need us, it doesn’t matter. He still won’t call.”
, he won’t allow anyone to mess with his AI, not again, no matter who they are; But the moment dies almost as soon as it forms, a rush of air leaving his lungs harshly as he remembers that Nebula has literally fixed his nanite housing unit and saved his life just a few days ago, while he was unconscious, and nothing bad came out of it. Which doesn’t mean it
They keep staring at each other.
, as his eyes roll back in pleasure, as he’s breached.
makes Nebula’s eyes gleam dangerously, like she is a dog who is seconds away from trying to bite him. “Then stop moving. You might die.”
“Nearly 59 percent.” FRIDAY admits.
He steps forward as lays a hand on Bruce’s shoulder, and Tony is surprised by how
So, he sits at the back, beside Nebula and Pepper, both of them already geared up for action, Nebula with her electric batons and Pepper in her armor – her armor, dear God, Tony almost gets whiplash every time he thinks about it, the sheer absurdity of it  –, and he lets the sound of the turbines drown out his voice as he asks for FRIDAY to pull up some research papers about environmental imbalance, studies on the effects of extinction of species in food chains, ozone depletion, solar radiation management, global dimming, the goddamned winter that caused the extinction of the dinosaurs – Anything he can think of that involves similar key elements, hoping he can somehow form a puzzle that fits, a projection that will allow him to measure the effects of the attack, the
Tony takes Steve to Grigorio’s – and Steve
(It must’ve sounded like hell.)
Tony feels like something is wrong. Something is wrong, and he doesn’t know what. Irrationally, he thinks the mere act of catching him already asleep must have clicked something on her mind, even though Tony knows he was just
” Bruce rasps.
“Tony.” He says, because he has to say
<message log START / subject= “unidentified”>
“Stars are very dangerous things to live close to.” Tony arguments, emphasizing his argument with small taps at the top of the table with the side of his hand, like he’s slicing a cake or something – but the movement grounds him, forces attention on his words. “It’s not something you would do unless you need something very specific from that star. Ultraviolet travels fine for medium distances. Why would they be so
, were forged with the power of a star?”
Not like any other friendship Steve has ever had.
“You got him a car.” Rhodey repeats, voice so lifeless that it’s full of judgement.
” Rogers asks, awkwardly.
, a voice says in the back of his head. It’s not Tony’s, nor Natasha’s, nor anyone else’s. It’s his. And it’s curious and accusing, malicious and gentle, all at once, and Steve doesn’t understand.
(No, they don’t.)
Thor looks in pain. Whatever has happened in his absence, whatever Thor has gone through during the years he’d been away looking for the Stones – this man before Tony is not the same man that left the Compound years ago. It’s not the haircut, it’s not the weapon. It’s the
“He is.” And after a pause, she says, breathily. “He’s brilliant, Howard.”
Now, as it is with many other things, the world kept spinning and— completely caught him off guard once again. Now, he knows Bucky is still alive. Now, he has already carved into his system that he can’t look back, because his type of life doesn’t allow for that kind of weakness, that kind of regret, and it’s too hard for him to lose that habit. Now, it’s not merely a coincidence; It’s the actions and the choices of other people that are moving the story along, moving them away from that point in time where everything changed, and the farther away they get from that point, the stranger it seems, the deeper it cuts, the more hopeless it feels.
Rhodey frowns, not angry, but a little surprised. “I thought that wasn’t your field.”
Tony can simply get up and walk away.
“You did… You did say some things that got me thinking.” Steve admits, and he’s surprised to find that the words don’t feel like a punch in the gut when he says them. It’s just… It’s just the truth. He has to tell her the truth. “So… just know that. I was listening. I have to think about it, but I was listening. I don’t know if I’ll ever agree with you. I don’t think I can. But that’s not the end of the world.”
he wouldn’t stop until
He does that sometimes, it’s like the impulse is stronger than him. It’s not because he wants to punish his friends, but Steve is a man who has learned many ways to goad people into fights when he was smaller, because he liked to make bullies lose their calm, he liked to see them stripped down to their bare core and showing the world what they truly are.
been Tony’s favorite topic, so there is a lot of room for mistakes.
But then, something happens. She doesn’t know what. She is in the kitchen when, all of a sudden, all the lights flicker madly, like a horror movie, startling Daniel so badly he almost cuts himself with the knife – when she hears the familiar humming of Tony’s fan, the quiet melody that indicates that he is
“Oh, yeah?” Tony smirks, and his eyes shine with mirth. “We’ll see about that, Cap.”
“Steve, you have to be careful.” Natasha warns, and for once, Tony wholeheartedly agrees.
He doesn’t move.
Now, that same instinct is making him restless. Just before he can stop himself, his left leg bounces a bit, a quick jerk of his knees before he can force himself to stop before it develops into a full
And the moment it does, he’s off.
“Let’s walk through everything we know.”
everything I imagined.”
. Even with the strongest weapon in the world – no weapon can’t be destroyed.”
. Natasha had done so many things, against her own instincts and doubts, just because Steve needed her too. That— Steve doesn’t know what to make of that. She had trusted him
Tony stares at them too. He doesn’t look back at Steve.
that is slowly crawling its way up Steve’s spine, the crack on the door of his mind, the door that only holds promises of pain behind it, and Steve
But she laughs, small and breathy, through her nose, and he stops, watching as her eyes gleam, fond and sad, for the briefest of moments, before she says:
. We know we’re the good guys, but who knows about the other people walking around the US saying they are heroes, as an excuse to blow shit up?”
It’s Steve turn to laugh then, a little wry, a little wistful, bit still a genuine laugh. “He might try to punch me in front whatever camera he could find, that’s what he’d do.”
Break Tony and Steve.
Sam looks up at him, quick and sharp, and keeps quiet for a tentative second. He’s actually never been to Wakanda, none of them have besides Steve, but they know T’challa was the one who helped him and Bucky escape from Siberia. They don’t know all the details, mostly because Steve thought it would be better not to tell them, for T’Challa’s and Bucky’s sake, but they know enough.
(As you remember the wormhole.)
Steve pushes her with a gentle shove of his shoulder, pretending to be annoyed, but he’s laughing despite himself. “Alright, I don’t need you bothering me about this, I said I’m gonna do it.”
Tony’s brows shoot up all the way to his hairline. “What?”
her is what makes Steve feel bad, because something so simple as
, a high-pitched, monotone screech, like a flatlining heart monitor, and he stares at nothing with his eyes hazy, wide and shocked, and his heart beating a tattoo against his Reactor, hot against cold, absolute dread pouring in him like a flood.
heroes might be handling their personal image and funds outside their group. Not that there were many, but…
“You were the one who wanted to talk.” Steve growls lowly, turning off the projection with an angry gesture. “I have nothing to say.”
the way Tony’s eyes light up with joy. “Isn’t that right?”
(Deal with your choices, Captain.)
Steve averts his gaze, humiliated, and says nothing at all.
Rhodes is a good man, and a good soldier. Steve knows that. He won’t insult Rhodes by calling him ignorant— but Steve has been a soldier too, and he
“Captain.” King T’Challa greets him amicably, with a nod, and then he does the same to Sam and Natasha. “Mr. Wilson. Agent Romanov.”
“FRIDAY will look for them, okay? She’s already looking for some people for is, I’ll add Pym and her to the list.”
“You don’t need another ego boost.” He replies, but surprisingly, he’s smirking.
“Alright, I’m getting that you’re really upset about whatever Steve has done, aren’t you?”
They start to go on what Tony can only describe as
“Pulling your leg? I got that.” Tony reassures. “You’re a fun guy to tease, Steve.”
with him, Goddammit!
“I wouldn’t be surprised if he tried to punch you again.” He says, but it doesn’t sound like a joke. It just sounds like a statement of a fact. “But I wouldn’t be surprised if he forgave you either.”
Howard knew. He knew they were inside. He was ready for this.
“That’s right.” Tony nods. “
Also, if you would like to contribute to BLM and also help the Marvel fandom with more Black representation at the same time, please check out the
I have an opportunity to use something Marvel didn't, and I'm not gonna waste it.
, reasons to expect a
“Where were you?” The woman screams, beating Cap’s chest with her trembling fists, no aim or strength, only despair. “
“I don’t want the Tesla. Gimme the keys to the Audi.” Rhodes complains.
“Which means
(Tony doesn’t like to be handed things.)
are falling in love with each other from being together, when they are breaking rules to do so. Vision might not see it yet, and Steve is almost willing to bet that he probably doesn’t; but the fact that searching for
But he’s not an acquaintance, Mrs. Stark assured. He is
is that I’m not the one
“May I see those artifacts?” Thor requests, sensibly, and Wong calmly removes what looks like a ring from his fingers, bigger than any other ring Tony has seen, to fit two fingers at once, with a weird, plain rectangular slate on top with no other jewel or adornment visible from what Tony can see.
“What happened?” Steve asks almost inaudibly, a worried frown on his face.
That’s
“Where is he?”
, and they
laying a gentle kiss on her knuckles before holding it between his own protectively. “I’ll see you soon.”
has a lot to do with the way Rhodey, Rocket,
dropping in relaxation.
And to do that, I need the right people to be present. So here it is. This is that chapter.
It doesn’t matter. Whatever happened to Rogers, it doesn’t matter, alright?
“Okay, we gotta get them out. I’ll get back to you in a sec.”
Clint snaps his head in their direction, his hand flying over to the side, behind the couch, but he stills mid-movement when he realizes it’s them. He relaxes, his shoulders sagging, and he seems about to make an annoyed comment about Steve’s haste and lack of tact when the
“Can’t a woman pay attention to the cute boy once in a while?” She says, and her tone is so clearly laced with false innocence it almost sounds like a taunt, especially with the way she tilts her head to peer at Sam from under her eyelashes.
He feels terrible. He knows what Natasha’s thinking. He knows she knows what he was about to say, and she knows he won’t, because they’ve had this discussion before. Over and over again. But this, this is the one issue they can’t get over it, even after their fight, because they fight over the Accords, never against the other stuff. Maybe it’s because Natasha thinks it’s too personal – and although Steve knows she has no reservations about putting people in a tight spot if she thinks it’s necessary, he also knows Natasha doesn’t deal well with matters that are too close to her heart. He knows, because he doesn’t deal well with his own either.
Steve grinned as Tony opened the box. It was a strawberry pie, heart cutouts laid on top as the
"But...I'm a sponge...only one sponge...you're not patrick...only one patrick..." Tony furrowed his eyebrows, determined to get to the bottom of the situation.
"Nice car," Steve said as settled into the seat suddenly feeling unwanted self-consciousness for the car he had been driving Tony around in the day prior.
Also, I have an
at three am Tuesday morning? Call him. Tonight.”
“What embarrassing me in front of my crush? Yeah thanks a lot friends!” Steve whispered back, thankful for Thor’s loud introduction masking their voices.
"What's going on?" Steve asked the air, doing another spin, just to make sure no one was going to run in and yell "You got pranked!"
and how your actions will affect it. Our relationship ending is not going to affect the stock." She informed him matter of factly.
Tony slowly nodded, already thinking up his excuse for calling.
“La-laay bugggg,” he chirped at the cricket in front of him, admiring its beauty.
“Exactly.” Thor nodded, with exaggerated grimness.
Tony could hear scrambling in the background.
"Yeah. Well. We didn't really talk about you."
"Umm..." Steve continued, having to physically shake his head to remember his plan, "hold these." He said squeezing the boxers, hoping that Tony would get the idea. He did.
Steve pulled out his phone and sketchbook as soon as he got back to desk. For the second time that day he found himself staring at his new phone. He slid his finger across the screen as a button labeled contacts appeared.
Steve grabbed the cup of coffee left by his computer and took a small sip. It wasn't that cold.
a little voice in the back of his head offered,
I hope you enjoy. I just finished writing this part one and am currently working on part two. I may have to go run some errands before I get a chance to finish it, but expect part two by at least the end of the day (hopefully).
hey so this continues off the morning after :)
Tony looked down at the screen. The polar bear was plopped smack dab in the center staring absently into the camera. Tony and Steve were to the right of it, hugging and smiling at the camera. Tony could see the shade of pink settled on Steve’s cheeks as he tentatively leaned into Tony. He swiped to the picture before it. It was a bit more zoomed in on them, though the bear was still visible. This was a candid shot, taken as Tony put his arm around Steve. He and Steve were staring at each other, their was a sparkle in both their eyes, their faces showing early signs of blushing. Steve was slightly biting his teeth, Tony hadn’t noticed, was too busy with the fact that he was about to hug Steve’s waist. They looked happy and at ease.
“They’re perfect.” Tony finally said, forcing his eyes off the screen. Off Steve’s face and frame. “Thank you Marisol.” He said looking up at her and offering to shake her hand. He politely ignored the sequel that inadvertently came out of her throat as she shook his hand. She waved goodbye to Steve and then went on her way.
"I hope this casa has a cubeta." Tony whispered.
“Yeah?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, pig hoarder” Tony dismissively waved his hand.
“Very well!” Thor beamed and, ignoring Jane’s no, carefully picked her up and set her on the couch with a gentleness that starkly contrasted his appearance.
“...Do you have any of that pie left? The pie we made Saturday night?” Tony asked, breaking the awkward silence that had enveloped them.
*****
“Doritos?” Steve said snapping his fingers, Tony had never seen anyone this excited about Doritos. “I can order those cheeseburgers, and we can snack on the bag of Doritos in my room while we wait, I mean if you're really that hungry. Then we can bake the pies tomorrow morning and eat them for lunch?” Steve continued raising his eyebrows.
“That’s the second time you’ve brought me pie buddy, now who's moving our relationship to the next level?” Steve laughed getting up from the sofa. He wasn’t naked, which Tony told himself to be grateful for. Steve was in grey sweats and a shirt that felt oddly familiar to Tony.
“You were right about the surprise party. Kind of. Everyone is at my place, waiting on the signal to come over and congrats us.”
"Coffee. I need my coffee." Steve reached out to get his coffee from Sam.
For a moment, the world stopped spinning in and out of focus. For a split second, Tony felt himself coming back. He was Tony Fucking Stark, a billionaire super genius, he was not going to let himself pass out drunk in some random person’s backyard.
"You can throw it away, I have many." Tony informed Steve pointing at the shirt held in his hand. Steve happily obliged.
“Shut up.” Tony squeaked out, he meant to sound irritated and controlled but instead just sounded flustered and self-conscious.
He rubbed circles in Tony's back, and massaged his hair, as the contents in Tony's stomach decided they would much rather be in the toilet.
“Yeah. Saturday.” Steve smiled.
“language!” Steve said as explanation in the most serious face and tone he could muster, before breaking into a grin that caused both him and Tony to erupt into giggles.
Hey everyone so I tried uploading it yesterday but ao3 crashed on me. I explained it on my tumblr and also gave a thanks to everyone that reads my stuff because, honestly, it means a lot to me that you do : D anways you can find that post here -- http://thatfanwriter.tumblr.com/post/128224449498/to-people-who-read-my-fanfiction
in your apartment." He corrected himself as he grabbed a pair of pants and t-shirt and headed back to the bathroom.
“I’m Bucky,” Bucky continued saying, “Steve’s best- one of Steve’s best friends. I’ve known him since he was a scrawny little kid who didn’t know how to back down from a fight. We’ve been protecting each other ever since. So, it goes without saying, that if you hurt my Steve I’m gonna hurt you. I don’t care who you are or how much power you have, if you mess him up, I’ll mess you up. Understood?”
Every second felt like a minute. Every minute an hour. Steve was only two bites in when he regained interest in the photos on the wall, eagerly standing to go look at them. Tony took a chug of milk, eyeing the slice of pie before standing to join him.
Steve’s blush started deeping, reaching his neck. He started fidgeting his feet, briefly considering the idea of telling Tony to wait right there while he ran home to change into a suit like the one Tony was wearing.
“There’s a dolphin show in two hours.” Steve informed Tony.
Sam shook his head, “no no no. Your pregnant.”
"I drove Tony back to his place last night andendedupstayingthereandweslepttogether--butnotlikesleptslepttogether--welltechnicallywedidsleepsleeptogether--butlikeactuallysleptsleptlikesnoringslept--onthecouchandthenRhodeyfoundusanditwasawkwardbutIdidn'twanttomakeitawkwardsinceapparentlytoTonyitwasn'tthatawkward--andthenwehadbreakfastandhesaidIcouldpicksomethingoutfromhiscloset--andmanhisclosetisbigandweendedup--orIguessIendeduptryingonnearlyallofhisclothes--thoughIguessyoucouldsayitwasthetwoofussincehekepthandingmestuff--and it was a lot of fun causehehadJARVISplaymusicanditfeltlikewewerelittlekidsplayingdressupandwetalkedabunchthroughoutthewholething--ohanddidImentionwespentthewholenighttalkingtoo--yeahwetalkedtillwefellasleeponeachotherbutitsreallynobigdeal can you guys stop making it such a big deal? " Steve said, taking a much needed gasp of air.
Steve began to nod, “uh yea-”
"Wow, you look nice." Tony smiled at Steve.
“Mr. Stark!” He yelped skidding his car to a stop. Tony was standing smack dab in the middle of the road, he looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
“That’s crazy you only had a drink” Steve replied reaching for the check only to be swatted away by Tony’s hand
“Okay.” Tony cleared his throat. “Now that you have the basics down let’s plug in your old phone to transfer everything.” He reached for both phones.
“I don’t think my do was quite that long….” Tony said trying to play off his excitement.
Steve glanced at Tony as he leaned across him to point out something on the phone.
Thought Steve as he dry swallowed the lump of food in his mouth and leaned in even closer, examining the dark blue fabric that hung loosely around Tony's smaller frame. The silver star, normally stretched tight on his chest, slightly drooping on Tony's.
“Tony look down, please. What’s in front of you?”
Steve grabbed the papers from Tony, looking at the profiles of each child. Harley Keener, 10, Peter Parker 8, Morgan Rabe 3.
“Dooo” Tony said drawling out the o once Steve pulled up to his driveway, “um, do you wanna come in for a drink?”
“Steve…” Tony interrupted as he looked at his wall calendar by the fridge.
Tony looked down at his clothes, even though he had left the black suit jacket in the car and rolled up his sleeves, now it was his turn to stick out like a sore thumb. But Tony didn’t care, Steve had told him he looked fine, good even, and that was all that mattered.
If you’ve enjoyed this story, I have another Stony story that is a lot longer and still being updated (it’s been a while, but I’ll update soon!). It’s called
Steve determined, mentally flipping through all the pages in his little black sketchbook. The first half of the book was mainly consistent of everyday sketches since that was the one he was accustomed to carry around, sketching flowers, objects, birds or people he found interesting.
Tony almost made it through the week without bothering Steve.
"Okay" He whispered leaning in to face Tony's crotch again.
“This is Steve. My husband.” Tony looked into the eyes of the three children, waiting for any reactions or comments. There were none. He continued with a smile, “Steve is a really good artist! I’m sure he can help us design this.”
Tony pinched his brows,
"Why are we here again? I mean I went to the stupid meeting. Shouldn't that have been enough? Why did you drag me out here afterward?" Tony voiced his opinions.
Steve thought he should have insisted harder that it was okay Tony keep his clothes, but unlike Tony, he did not "have many." And besides, Tony was probably insisting so hard that he come drop them off because he wanted to forget that night ever happened, wanted to erase every trace, every piece of evidence. Though then again, he could have just burned the clothes or thrown them away if he didn't want to remember...but whatever, details.
“Oh?” Steve grinned. They both knew Steve hadn’t gotten a haircut recently.
“How’s it going tiger?” Steve smirked as he reached where Tony was lying on the floor, kneeling to lay down next to him.
fine, it’s just, Steve could no longer see it and not go stir crazy thinking about what it once covered a few days prior.
Tony knew Steve was right, he had been showing up every morning for the last couple of weeks, replacing the usual once or twice a week thing they had going before that. Even when they had spent the night before together watching a movie, baking (they had gotten pretty good at it after months of nearly burning down the kitchen), or teaching each other new skills (Tony was proud to say that not only had he been able to teach Steve how to use electronics, they’d recently moved onto the basics of coding, Tony was also proud to say that his stick figures, though still stick figures, were not as crappy looking as before), he still showed up every morning under the pretense of needing to hide from the girl he had been with the night before.
“So you really drew these?” Tony was walking around Steve’s apartment, shake in hand, while Steve finished up washing the dishes.
“Finally!” Nat said when Bucky knocked on the door.
“Alright, buddy let’s just change the subject yeah?” Tony asked, head rolling back.
******
“Tony they already love you.” Steve said cutting him off, “I’m not kidding, ever since Saturday it’s been not stop talk about how great Tony is.” He stopped and looked at the wide eyed Tony, the ghost of a small shy smile appearing on his face. “It’s quite sickening really,” Steve said with a smirk, Tony returned one immediately.
-xx ThatFanwriter
“Well.” Tony moved Steve and stepped in front of him. “We did say I would pay next time.”
“Uhh…” Steve racked his head for a moment, Tony could see Steve’s gears moving, planning out the best move. Tony liked seeing Steve work through problems, always trying to see the big picture before jumping into action, it contrasted Tony’s personality so well.
“Come” He patted the space next to him, “don’t you wan to sit next to a genius?”
Tony clenched his hands underneath the table before shaking them out. “Okay, so I baked us this pie.” He reached for the box.
“A family breakfast…” Tony repeated quietly, looking down at his shoes. That was something he hadn’t had in...well ever really. “Yeah.” He said clearing his throat and looking back up at Steve’s
Tony grinned, eyes lapping up every inch of Steve.
-many kisses and bone crushing hugs, ThatFanWriter :}
They were laying on a blanket atop the hill Steve had suggested. A picnic basket lay discarded to the side, a half empty sparkling cider bottle in a small ice bucket next to them.
*****
story!) but a lot of grammar/spelling, spacing, and word choices. When I wrote this four years ago I was really into writing “definitely not” statements (these mostly stayed because it would be too much work to rewrite it all, also I feel a nostalgia for the statements and still use them every once in a while! Also, at the time in school, “no contractions!” was getting drilled into my head, so a lot of  “I am” and “was not” statements made it into the dialogue (fixed to make it seem like actual conversations). Also, I guess I felt that “ya” was a better way to spell “yeah”? Or just thought that was how you spelled it? I was really into commas back then (I’ve noticed that I’m currently a little too into periods). I didn’t spend too much time on the edits. I’m sure there is a lot more that could be done, or things that were missed. I’m sure that four years from now I’ll see even more things to fix (possibly even cringe at the edits I made now). But that’s what I love about writing, you get better, and you don’t always realize it until you read old work!
Tony quickly cut him off. Then awkwardly laughing explained, “I was just teasing you. It was stupid sorry. Also I don’t really need car keys to work my car, it’s just sort of habit to carry them around and use them. Watch this.” Tony explained to Steve, then facing his dashboard said. “Jarvis, start ignition.” Then back at an impressed Steve, “I could even do autopilot, but I like driving.” He finished as he backed his car out then drove to the movies.
And I wasn’t. I was a bad a Spongebob, and I let her slip through my fingers.” Tony said, eyes still glued to the sky.
“So can I pay?” Tony asked gently as he reached back for the check.
“Rem-member that Star I was telling you about.” Tony said after another pause.
Sam looked at the box centered on the kitchen table. “Just be sure to save us some of that pie okay.” He looked at everyone in the living room. Too many people. Not enough pie. “Or, at least just save me a slice.”
Clint raised his eyebrow at his wife who had just sat down with them, she apparently needed no catching up because she quickly raised both of her eyebrows and sent Steve a knowing smile.
"Finding an outfit took longer than expected." Steve said, proud of his technically not lying skills.
Tony eyed him, “you don’t even know what is.”
"Tony Fucking Stark is
“Um...here I’ll show you how-” Tony stood up and switched sides, sliding next to Tony. Carefully, he began explaining how the phone worked, what all of the buttons were, how to open and close apps and how to work all of the other exclusive features Tony had worked into the phone.
“No Steve that’s not what I meant. Sorry I got a little fan girly. I just meant, we’d be very happy for you. Do you want me to go on a rant about how amazing you are? Cause I totally could. We'd be here for days though” Jemma offered.
“Yeah.” Steve nodded, biting his lip as he grinned. His eyes were getting more accustomed to the darkness and he was slowly able to better appreciate Tony in all his glory.
“It was good.” Steve smiled, going over Wednesday’s workday and his meeting with the other artists.
“Soooo…” Steve tried again. Tony’s eyes remained transfixed on the road.
“Language” Steve teased, and if this whole moment wasn’t enough to completely wreck Tony and ruin him for absolutely anybody else, then feeling Steve smile into the kiss was.
“Tony, did you write all these?” He tried re-stating as he looked back up in amazement and wonder.
really good at making things, and besides practice makes perfect right?”
“She uh-” Steve could hear Tony swallowing, forcing his words out, “she found someone who is able to give her what she deserves, a um, a, a better sponge. And the worst part is; here I am, wallowing in self-pity. I mean, I should be happy for her, or angry and vow to fight to get her back. But what did I do? I drank. And drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and drank, and- what I am talking about again?” Tony finally looked up at Steve, subsequently making Steve's heart jump because he hadn’t realized how close their faces were. A few more inches and their noses would be touching; they were already breathing the same air.
“A mechanic, Tony.” He nodded at the legos. “What you builden?”
“The stars look so happy” Tony mused, head leaned against Steve’s shoulders. They had been sitting on the roof of his car for the last twenty minutes. Tony was mainly rambling from one random subject to another, but the last couple of minutes he had fallen silent next to Steve and just stared up into the sky.
" as he looked at his options, was it going to be casual, formal?
Oh, also, if anyone cares: Tony's outfit
"Yeah. I do actually. Why? Are you--"
“Where do you want to go?” Steve asked.
Steve stared at the man smiling playfully in front of him.
“Aww!” Jemma replied.
“All of the above. Hey these fries are really good, don’t you think so Nat. We should order some more. I think I’ll take some home with me.” Steve said grabbing a fry and inspecting it, he turned to Nat with hopeful eyes. She smirked.
“Come on, let’s eat!” Nat took her feet off the counter and pushed her half-eaten sandwich aside. “Pie’ll be ready in 15 minutes. It’ll need an hour, or three to cool before we can fill it.”
Tony passed Steve his phone in distrust of his own voice. Steve took it and inspected the photos, letting a smile and blush settle on his face as he did. He nodded happily and passed the phone back to Tony.
“You can check them. Are they okay?” She said as she handed him his phone.
Steve gave Tony a funny look as he cocked his head. “3,000?”
“No.” Tony smiled.
So it was him.
or just make the last chapter the only chapter and keep it as a short one shot??
"My phone does not
Harley forced his gaze up. “Harley. And you're…?”
behind the zipper and the
A buzz from his room prodded his head back out and he made his way back to his room. He stopped and stared at his new phone. He hadn't really used it since the day before when Tony was going through it's details with him. He carefully picked it up and clicked it on. His screen lit up.
Confused, Steve went to turn on the lights himself. But someone called him to a stop before he could. Tony.
“Come on, it’s my treat.” Tony continued to insist as he stared down Steve.
Tony let out a small laugh, “I don’t think I could ever get sick of you Rogers.”
Steve chuckled while trying to feign offense, “You owe me another pie for that comment!” He made his way past Tony to get the milk. “It was a birthday present... from you!”
“Um, well you talked about how much you liked your old phone so I made a phone that integrated both features of old phones as well as new ones. I-it’s okay if you hate it.” Tony tried to go for a nonchalant-I’m not at all holding my breath to see what you think-tone, he wasn’t sure if he succeeded.
“Shit.” He said under his breath, eyes trying to memorize every tiny detail of Steve. Eventually, he realized what he was doing and reminded himself that Steve had not given him a key so he could watch him sleep like a creepy stalker.
– and despite their brief acquaintance, Tony sure as hell knows better than to believe this is an exaggeration. Which means Nebula truly did try to kill her sister at some point. The same sister she now promises to split the universe open and bring hell upon her captor for, which is not the contradiction Tony was expecting at
So he makes them a gym. With the most amazing equipment ever.
But it can’t be.
Portals and all that crap! Damn it! Wasn’t once enough? Once was enough. Tony doesn’t appreciate this total disregard for the rules of physics and normal, scientific understanding of reality,
“I apologize, I do not know.”
thinks about it, it’s actually been a
was probably mind controlled too, if you think about it.”
Irritated – with Natasha, with the silence, with the phone, with
People often underestimate how much of Maria he has in him.
Tony had to spend a long time figuring out how to fight by himself since the team split. It wasn’t the same as working alone as Iron Man, not anymore, not like it was at the beginning. It couldn’t be. It was like the world had gotten bigger – and it had. His world had gotten bigger, because now he knew Earth was just the start, and there were other things out there, bigger things, that he needed to worry about. You can’t close that door after it’s been opened, no matter how hard you try. All the bullshit Tony had faced at first, he will admit, he brought it onto himself; Obie, Vanko, Killian. He caused them, one way or another. He won’t deny it. But even then, even with how hard it had been to deal with them, they had been only
Tony turned a corner and disappeared from view. Steve’s heart irrationally lurched and he sprinted toward the edge of campus. He turned the same corner Tony did and slowed to a stop.
Steve took in a breath of night air. The coolness with that particular smell of nighttime was calming, but he still felt restless. He considered getting one last hit in at the Blasting Range before turning in for the night, but paused. A strange hush seemed to fall over the campus. He couldn’t detect anything out of the ordinary, except that the air seemed to have stilled.
Tony tumbled into bed and burrowed beneath the covers. Exhaustion seeped into every part of his body. Putting the report together and sending it off to Fury should’ve been a simple task, but he had difficulty concentrating and kept glancing out the window. The trip into the Timefog was something he vowed to never repeat again, unless the safety of the world depended on it. Tony was man enough to admit that the experience was terrifying.
A strong hand shook his shoulder. “Tony!” Steve looked at him in concern. “Are you okay?”
He spent a perfectly normal day at school. He took selfies with Jan, got electrocuted several times in Professor Pym’s lab, worked on his aim at the Blasting Range, and got some studying in at the Timeless Archives. He even managed to stay alert during lectures, which was an impressive feat on any day.
Tony patted her back again. “I think more than half the lecture hall heard us. And no. If we go by your logic, he’s totally dating Natasha, Bucky, Sam, and whoever else trains with him. Which, you know, is his choice. They’re all very good looking and talented. He only barely tolerates me, remember?”
There was no wind.
He smiled and leaned into her hands. “But I feel so much better now that I’m with my favourite fashion designer.” Tony waved a hand at the flashing lights and décor. “You know me, Jan. I would never miss a van Dyne party for the world.”
Almost as if sensing his mounting anxiety, the fog thickened even more, until it was a roiling wall penning Tony in where he stood. He swallowed past the lump in his throat.
Tony suddenly gagged and retched, and Steve managed to turn him on his side before he heaved and emptied the contents of his stomach. Black slime pooled and dripped onto the rocky soil. Tony heaved and hacked until nothing else came out.
Tony shrugged and headed into the Tower. “Talk to JARVIS about it. He has my schedule.” He called over his shoulder. “Thanks for the unnecessary escort, enjoy the rest of your night, don’t be a stalker, et cetera, bye.”
His face was pale and sallow. Dark smudges standing out from under his eyes spoke to the lack of quality sleep he was getting. His cheeks looked sunken and thin, and the cut on his face was an angry red, throbbing faintly in time to his pulse. His hair was in disarray, a complete removal from the usual stylish look he went for.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “There’s no if. Of course Iron Man can defeat Captain America. Fine, I’ll do a training session with you. Just for a test run. Obviously I’m going to effortlessly beat you.”
The lights flickered.
He had never seen Tony carry or use a lighter before. Steve pocketed it just in case.
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
In the dead of the night, Tony opens his eyes and puts on his jet boots.
“Well, nothing like a giant neon sign in my face, I suppose.” Tony cracked. He pretended his voice wasn’t shaky and thin.
“Ensuring the safety of the students is a good use of my time, Tony.” Steve looked at him with earnestness in his eyes. “I know we don’t see eye to eye, but your safety is still important to me.”
The fog was calm, unassuming.
“You’re going the wrong way, Armour Man.” Loki called after him.
Steve dodged branches and roots and was about to grab his shield when he was slapped hard into the ground. He grimaced at the web of roots in his line of sight and made to pull the offending branch off.
Jan nearly shrieked. “What!” She ignored other students shushing her. “Steve Rogers asked you out and you fob him off onto your AI assistant?!”
Tony simpered. “What a gentleman, walking me home.” He rubbed at his face and ignored the stinging in his cheek. “Well, come on then. I want to go home.”
“Is it that hard to say yes to training?” Steve took them down another street and the main entrance of the Tower glowed with a welcoming light. “Besides, I thought you’d want bragging rights if you take down Captain America.”
Jan made a noise and hugged him. “You flatterer, you. Thanks so much for coming, but if you feel like you need to go home, just go, okay? I don’t want to contribute to you feeling worse. I can always throw another party when you’re feeling better.”
It was only because he was staring so hard at the readings coming from his gauntlet that he saw it. A tiny aberration in the numbers. He looked at his GPS and tilted his head. Tony slowly angled to the left. The readings fluctuated. He angled to the right. The readings returned to normal. He made a small noise of consideration.
The noises of a full suit of armour falling to the ground were quickly dampened by the fog and petered out. Tony groaned and winced at the sudden pain in his cheek. He prodded his cheek and his gauntlet came away red and wet. He’d cut himself on a bit of exposed rock. It was only a few drops of blood, but it had smeared darkly across the rock and a lone withered tree root.
Then, like a switch had been flipped, the fog slipped away. Tony took in a ragged breath of air, glad for the respite. A tall shape emerged in the murky middle distance and he breathed out a sigh of relief. “Steve, there you are! Didn’t you hear me calling?”
The silence was unnerving. Tony strained his eyes in vain to see past the swirling fog. “Steve!” His voice wavered. Taking a steadying breath, Tony willed himself to calm down.
Tony jerked, choking in a ragged breath. “JARVIS? What-” He glanced about wildly. He was standing at the glass walls that lead out to the landing pad. Outside, the campus was quiet, foliage swaying gently in the breeze. Pre-dawn light painted the horizon a glowing orange. There was no haze, no dust. “What’s going on?”
Tony groaned and rolled over until his face was pressed into the pillow. He shouldn’t have to think about Captain America’s motives in bed. That sounded very inappropriate and dirty. He snorted into his pillow. Maybe he should try that against Steve in training. It might give him an advantage. Offend Steve’s old fashioned sensibilities, get him flustered. Throw him off balance long enough for Tony to get a hit in.
He’d just finished finalizing the second project for Stark Industries when the overhead lights flickered. Tony sent the project back to R&D and squinted at his to-do list. “JARVIS, I’ll go to bed when I’m done. And I’m almost done.” He opened up the first project on the list for Pym. “Just a bit longer.”
He looked at the screen and nodded approvingly. “You’re right. You’re totally right. Your talents know no bounds.”
By the time Tony realizes what’s happening, it’s too late. The realization sinks into him like ice, and then he just feels- nothing. The emptiness should’ve frightened him, but apathy spreads until he’s left staring at the wall of his workshop. Tony blinks. He looks down at the soldering iron in his hand and wonders why, and if, it mattered.
JARVIS replied in a snitty voice that made Tony proud. “Very well, Sir. I shall endeavor to do so.”
Tony looked out and wanted to cry. “And I may or may not be in some post-apocalyptic world.”
He dodged another violent tree root and vaulted over crumbling rocks. A leap over an untangling knot of wood, a roll away from a heavily deposited stone, and a quick dash later, Steve was within arm’s reach of the twisted tree trunk and brought his shield down hard.
He set off down the street after Tony. At first, it was a brisk walk. Soon, almost without Steve realizing, the brisk walk became a steady jog. A strange sense of urgency weighed down his gut like thick mud. The hair on his arms stood on end.
“Teamwork.” Tony echoed. “You want to us to work together. When you know we can’t even be in the same room for five minutes before we start arguing. We’re never in the same team when we’re fighting bad guys. More like we’re never in the same team. Ever.”
Tony’s head lolled limply against his shoulder. “If it makes you feel better. I don’t think I can stand anyway, so you’re going to have to carry me.” He wiped ineffectually at the black stains around his mouth. “I think we’re safe now. From it, at least.”
Tony smiled at her. Jan was the best, really. “No, just feel a bit off. I didn’t sleep too well last night.”
Jan thought quietly for a moment, then pulled him to his feet. “Maybe you just need to get it out of your system? Let’s dance!”
With no warning, Tony stepped into the Timefog. The fog swirled, heavy and thick where he disturbed it, before it settled back into a hushed calm. Steve shouted, wordless, as he sprinted forward. He stopped at the edge of the fog, in the same place Tony had stood. If Steve wanted to, he’d be able to see the imprints of Tony’s boots in the grass.
Tony crossed his arms. “Okay, that’s nice. Is that all you wanted to say? Because I-”
He was standing just outside the doors of the club, and he didn’t know when or how he got there. Behind him, the music pounded away, much quieter enclosed within a building. In front, the campus spread out into the night, lights softening the darkness.
As if triggered by the sound of his voice, the overhead lights flickered rapidly. A low, grinding moan echoed about the room, and one by one the lights started failing.
Tony ignored his burning face and thanked whoever was listening that he had the faceplate down. “Whatever. Don’t get in my way.”
She nearly shrieked into his ear. “Who do you take me for? I always say yes to selfies!”
Tony landed on the Tower’s landing pad and stumbled. Even though it was a normal day and the campus hadn’t been invaded, he still felt as though he'd gone three rounds with both Hydra and AIM at the same time. His muscles ached and he had to fight to keep his eyes open.
Jan wrapped her arms around him and squeezed tight. “You’re my best friend, Tony, and as your best friend I have to ask. Are you going to do something about Steve? He’s been staring at you ever since lecture started.”
Steve could do nothing but watch as the black liquid gathered itself and slipped down through the cracks in the ground, out of sight and reach.
Tony let out a wild giggle and nearly fell over.
All in all, it took him less than ten minutes to suit up and fly to the edge of the campus where the Timefog was.
Steve adjusted his shield. “I’m looking for someone. Brown hair, rocket boots, gauntlet. Seen him around?”
With renewed strength, he ripped the offending appendage away and rolled to safety. He retrieved his shield and hacked at the branch. It thrashed and jerked back.
Tony groaned as he rolled out of bed. After the nightmarish sleepwalking incident, he’d gone to his bedroom to try to catch some more sleep. The few hours he’d managed didn’t seem to help at all. Exhaustion felt like a part of him. Tony stood up and wobbled on his feet. He stumbled into the bathroom and looked in the mirror.
It took Steve less than a second to make his decision.
He goes home.
Steve huffed. “When this is over, you can have as many piggyback rides as you want, Tony. Now hang on.” He gauged the distance, and leapt. Once he had a sure grip on the roots, he quickly pulled them out.
With a faint buzz, the lights clicked back on. Tony’s breath caught in his throat. Instead of the sleek shine of metal, everything was covered in a strange grayish dust. The lab looked like it’d been abandoned for a long time, and everything was still. The lights flickered ominously at random intervals. Tony couldn’t determine if it was the lighting that cast everything in a chilling purple-gray, or if the air itself was that hue.
Something lodged itself into the tread of his boot. It was so incongruent with the surrounding grassy field that it made Steve pause. He looked at the patch of grass he was standing on and stared. What looked like pale yellow crumbs stood out from the green grass. Looking closer, Steve realized they were small pieces of crumbled cheese. He lifted his foot and almost laughed at the sheer strangeness. A chunk of cheese the size of a quarter was wedged into the groove. Steve dug it out and shook his head. Leave it to Tony to leave a cheese trail.
He didn’t know how long he stood there, staring out into the bleakness, until he reflexively blinked away the dryness in his eyes. Tony skimmed through the decrepit buildings again, but his eyes were once more drawn to the same distant spot in the horizon. He stared at it until it seemed to expand and fill his entire field of view.
Tony looked at him incredulously. “Do you hear yourself, Cap? Interpersonal relationships? Building a foundation? You sound like a SI new employee icebreaker. Not that I attend those. But I assume if I were to go to one, it would be the exact same.”
Steve steadied him effortlessly. “I’m going to ignore that.” The hand on Tony’s shoulder had migrated to his back at some point. “I’ve been thinking about this, and spending time in the Timefog confirmed what I was thinking.” He firmly turned them down a street when Tony kept walking forward. “We should spend more time together. Training. Work on our teamwork.”
He placed the chunk of cheese on the grass behind him and squared his shoulders. Tony had left a trail. That meant Tony wanted to be found, or intended to retrace his steps. A surge of affection rose up within him. Steve placed one foot into the fog. Tony wanted to be found, and Steve was going to find him, Timefog be damned.
Steve let him go, but frowned. “Is that the cut from yesterday? It doesn’t look very good. Did you clean it?” He squinted at Tony’s face. “Did you get any sleep?”
At first glance the tree seemed barren, but upon closer inspection he could see the beginning of buds emerging from the bark. They were not the bright waxy green of budding leaves, but a dark faded colour, leeching the surrounding light.
. Half of it, everything.”
“You ever had a taco?”
Us. Both of them. Natasha and Steve.
“FRI, report. Who is…”, and he chokes, he chokes anyway, the words too big to pass through his throat comfortably, too heavy and poisonous, sharp and shattered and scratching him from the inside out. “Who made it?”, he asks and fears the answer.
sixty… sixty-seven percent sure.” Tony says, uncertainly.
“I’m okay.” He says, unconvincingly, but he has to say it. He has to. He has to
but clearly, I missed something.” Tony jokes, trying to be suave, but Steve is smiling like the way he used to smile when Tony fumbled with his words, when
“They evacuated.” Nebula says, and she sounds distant once more, as if she is miles and miles away. Tony can feel her beside him, a solid, physical presence, but her touch doesn’t register in his mind. It’s no comfort, it’s just
he is the only one who was there in Siberia, he’s the only one that knows what happened – but if Steve tell them, will they understand? God, Steve wants them to understand so badly. He can’t stand to stay quiet while they argue about Bucky right in front of him, not after everything, not after so many months agonizing over every single one of his decisions and his mistakes.
Tony had almost forgotten how it feels to slip into the role of the tenth man, to be the one who will disagree or hesitate almost instinctively to any decision made too-promptly, to be the devil’s advocate. Tony is the one who argues, he’s the one who can look at a situation from multiple angles and find any openings they might’ve missed, he’s the voice of contradiction—
has to. He has to ask.
“I wish you luck on your wait, my friend.” T’Challa graciously offers. “And when the time comes, I also wish you strength to fight for what you need.”
“Get Nat and Clint!” He pleads. “Get them to the Jet!”
But he might let him all the same.
He shakes his head. It’s like the word itself is too horrible to even pronounce.
. But when Clint convinced me to join SHIELD, and I learned about her, I felt…” she shrugs. “Like I had just met someone like me.”
the extent of the damage his tech could cause. There’s a reason why he’s so secretive and so protective of it, because he
Everything Tony sees then, he sees only in a glimpse – and, somehow, that makes it even more…
Steve didn’t use to see it.
Steve does remember. Mostly, he remembers how many punching bags he destroyed between missions, how many miles he ran, how many times he had wanted to pick up a sketchbook but did not, but he remembers. He remembers how lonely he had been. And then, suddenly, there was SHIELD, and there was Natasha.
“Why don’t you try turning it on and seeing it for yourself?” Howard says, cryptically, but his smile never falls. He gives her a light push on her lower back, and she reluctantly goes to the computer, analyzing it for a moment, before reaching for the power button.
“I don’t know. He might.” Clint offers, but he sounds dubious. “He might be distracting someone so Vision could come here. That’s my current bet.”
He had wished for that. For her to understand.
how this conversation will end.
because Steve Rogers is good enough for him.
(Cold, cold,
It’s Rocket. The sound of wind and weird static behind him is disconcerting.
Tony doesn’t know what happened to Thor. He wishes he had time to ask. He wishes he wasn’t so angry, or so frantic, or so scared – but he is, and he can’t do anything about it. The harsh truth is that Tony
Unexpectedly, a heavy hand lays on his shoulder.
that he is
need to be an Avenger, Tony.”, and it’s loving, it’s loving, and understanding, and Tony can’t
(How can you be so naïve?)
be waiting for someone to chase him and try to get revenge.” Rocket concedes, like he can’t argue with that statement either.
“Stopping Steve from doing what? Helping an international fugitive?”
than herself.
(Nobody does.)
Useless, ridiculous human. Stupid, naïve Tony.
he could have
“Don’t even think about it.” She growls. “You’re not escaping this conversation. Tell me.”
is making him feel extremely uncomfortable, because that’s not how it should be.
From these two, who barely know him, or from Thor, who has more forgiveness and honor in him that Tony could ever be worthy of? And what for – because they assumed, much like he had assumed so many things about them, that Tony’s motivation is… what?
Natasha gives him a smirk, but it’s weak and demure, much more grief than amusement, but Steve will take it. She’s here. She wants to help. Steve would never push her away.
It’s not.
(You fucking coward.)
“Cap?” Natasha calls him, when she notices he hasn’t stepped out of the Quinjet. She hasn’t seen it. She didn’t notice it.
? Do you think Nat would’ve let me baby her and act like she didn’t know any better when she switched sides and decided to become one of the good guys? She would’ve mounted my head on the wall, like a bear or something.”
Steve doesn’t
“The UN?”
“Why is he here?” Steve asks, still not standing down. He has no weapon, but he doesn’t need one, because he
(But who cares?)
“But a Bridge like that that’s kept open for too long is dangerous.” Thor continues, after what feels like forever, but couldn’t have been more than a few seconds of a tense pause. “It almost destroyed Asgard, when once it was kept open too far. The entire Bifrost had to be destroyed to stop it. Yggdrasil would have consumed it if left unattended. Wormholes work the same. The Bridges they open are not because two branches are close – they simply pull two points of the Universe together with no care for the consequences. No matter how distant, or how many other paths they may destroy on the way. Leave them open long enough, or make them large or powerful enough, and they will create a void that sinks forever, tearing through the branches of the Tree of Life and the fabric of reality itself, and when it refuses to close, the forces will have no choice but to pull everything towards its center, in vain attempt to balance its force.”
“What?” Bucky asks confusedly, his voice sounding weirdly dazed through the call. “What for?”
There might still be some people left.
He never thought this far.
, and I shouldn’t have let her be put in that position.” He says, as if it’s obvious. Because it is. He’s the leader, it’s his responsibility to deal with these kind of threats, not
That’s just… That’s the worst of it all.
“We should have brought some of Princess Shuri’s beads.” Bruce says, but it doesn’t sound like he’s talking to anyone in particular, just himself. “Or anything, really. Her equipment is still working, if we could use it—”
(And he let it happen.)
Tony looks at the board.
Steve shakes his head, trying to will away the memory, and he realizes Sam is still watching him. He leaves the papers on the table, taking in a short breath before asking cautiously:
(This can’t be it.)
But it’s not about the ship. FRIDAY brings up a projection of Tony’s armor, a schematic of how it looked before the battle, but with pointers and descriptions of every place it had taken a hit, according to the report she could read directly from the nanites.
She prods him because she
“Guess you could say that.” Tony teases. “I didn’t know art school could do that to you. I would almost guess you joined the army.”
He can see the White House coming closer tall and not nearly as opulent as it should seem as it’s completely dark, a vision of horror movies Tony never thought he would see come true, as people crowd at the gates and shake the bars so hard he can see them wobble, climbing on each other’s shoulders to get past the barrier, to reach the building. He doesn’t know if the White House is empty. It might not be. No lights are one, not that he can see, but that doesn’t mean anything. These people don’t care. The ones that charge forward, almost fuming at the mouth and with blinding rage in their eyes, they set fire to trees in the square and break car windows and buildings with pipes and bricks, not minding if they hurt each other, unruly and unraveled and beyond whatever reason Tony can comprehend.
, but he knows it’ll be futile. Nebula won’t be able to tell him which one. She’s an
It’s like she’s never seen him before.
So he’s caught off guard.
“That’s not fair, how could I know she was afraid of heights!”
(What a laugh.)
“Always.”
“Cap.” Clint’s voice comes through the comms, quiet, quieter than Steve has ever heard it. The ever-present tone of amusement and nonchalance is missing today, replaced by a thoughtful seriousness, and maybe, just maybe, a hint of sadness, a melancholy that translates itself in calmness. Steve waits for what comes next.
He – He’s done with agonizing over what Wanda could or could not have done or thought or planned about… everything. Tony’s feelings for her could never be easily unraveled into palatable pieces when the very foundation of their
“You know what?” Tony smiles, the skin pulling tight with the fakeness of it, his exhale mocking and his frown exaggerated, brows raising into a sneeringly arrogant expression. “You’re right. You
Tony could have chosen to tell her about the Palladium. About his PTSD. He could have told her, even if in the end she did end up finding out. He hadn’t needed to give the Mandarin his home address. He hadn’t needed to make so many suits, or make the Iron Legion. There were other heroes, after New York. Other heroes who worked as heroes full-time, not like Tony, who had a job, a billion-dollar company to take care of, and a girlfriend clearly uneasy with the consequences of his superhero gig. Tony wouldn’t have passed down the mantle, not while he was still able to fight – but as far as everyone else was concerned, the Iron Legion wasn’t necessary. Ultron wasn’t necessary. Tony had just been paranoid, and obsessed, and he had all chances to step back, to not get involved in the higher-risk missions, and he never
Like he did. Did they all? Thor had been close enough to see the Gauntlet when the
“I’d like to ask you something, Captain.” T’Challa asks, perfectly calm, as if he can’t see that Steve is itching with the need of running for Natasha and making sure she won’t disappear on him again if he’s not too careful.
“All I need is a yes or no.” Tony ignores her question, pressing her further. “Nebula. C’mon.”
And in the quiet she leaves in her wake, Tony breathes, and breathes, and breathes, and every breath is a stab in his heart.
“I’m just saying, it seems like they’re trying to escape using the sewers, I say we let them and then the rats will deal with this for us.”
Sam can probably read Steve’s hesitation in his eyes, but he doesn’t back down. He stares back, resolute, determined to wait for as long as he has to for Steve to give in and
–, so they all just stand there, watching; As he curses the entire universe, the bitter hunger for revenge scratching at the edges of his voice, like nails on a chalkboard – and the universe, in return, only swallows them in darkness and cold, and does not reply.
Maybe.
Until he looks at Pepper and says:
And he wishes he could make a call on it as easily as he could call Bucky.
(We’re walking in circles.)
He never meant to kill. He has reacted badly before, it’s true, but he never meant to kill. Never. Not Obie, not—
“Time is the fourth dimension. We have length, width, depth – but Time is… something else. It’s what gives us coordinates that helps us find things in space at a certain time. If in a first moment, the object is at a certain coordinate, and then after some moments have passed, it moves – The way we track this movement across space, identifying
had known. He couldn’t have imagined Bucky would have anything to do with his parent’s death, but he knew about Bucky. He knew enough. Enough for Steve to have worried. Enough for him to tell.
“I just—” Pepper starts, but then looks like decides against whatever she was going to say. “You said you helped Tony get back here?”
Why wouldn’t he assume that? From the moment they first met they clashed, heavy impact at full speed, destruction and chaos, snarls and stares and a jolt of electricity so strong Steve can still remember how the hairs on his arms stood in shocking goosebumps when Tony took a step closer; Right in his face, his eyes burning in rage and defiance, gleaming like the whiskey he was addicted to.
He stares at Rogers, feeling out of place, weirdly outraged, shaken and subdued, all at once, time frozen in the very few seconds in which they stare at each other like they have both been shocked by their own reactions, reeling from it so hard they can’t identify what’s happening with the other, lost in the translation in between.
Dull metal sounds. A hard hit. Vibrating all the way down to his bones.
“I agree. But we all lose people we love, Ms. Carter. I cannot fault Mrs. Stark for wanting to keep what she had left.”
and one moment in which he actually does, which happens right after "Tony takes in a huge breath (...)" and ends with "Tony blinks confusedly (...)". You can skip it if you want to, and you can check this symbol
. So we have to plan something to be prepared for that.” Tony points out, almost too aggressively for the complete lack of confrontation happening in the room.
He hears another set of footsteps approaching, and he doesn’t need to turn around to know they are Sam’s. But he does it anyway, and he finds Sam right beside him with his arms crossed when he does, his posture a weird mix of leisurely and imposing at the same time. “So, we’re cool? Everything’s fine?”
sentient, it wouldn’t seem so impossible to me.”
“She is.” Natasha confirms.
“What you call Bridges, and what Rocket calls jumps, you may see them as two different forces or you may not. It doesn’t really matter. The
That’s how it all started, wasn’t it? That’s why they can’t function together.
with Tony,
, they can call it that. It’s such a… Such an
The gates whine as he grabs the bars with his hands and shakes them, other hundreds of hands following suit pushing and pulling like waves, a storm relentless and wreckful.
“We can send a signal to all surviving SHIELD agents still online. If they get the message, they can help with keeping the survivors organized.”
“Everything’s alright?” Sam leans back to rest his arm on the sofa, posture relaxed once he sees Natasha is no different than how she was when she left this morning. “We’re still cool? No one after us?”
for this mess?”
(Should he count Clint twice?)
Pepper squeezes his hand, a silent call, and when they trade looks, she discretely points at Bruce for him, just as perceptive, and Tony takes her sign as support, and turns back to the kitchen.
, if he’s truly,
(Not like he can go back to his room tonight.)
“Easy joke there, but I’m gonna let it slide.”
After that outburst, Natasha paces around a little, taking in deep breaths to calm herself down, and Steve watches her walk a wobbly line to the edge of the rooftop with his heart heavy, wanting to follow her so they can be side by side again, but feeling himself nearly rooted in place, his entire body unwilling to move, marble and stone instead of flesh.
was? How can he explain, in simple words at least, how the act of simply looking at Peter inspired in him the most overwhelming urge to… be
and without your shield. I don’t even know if you sleep. You probably don’t. So, either you tell me what’s eating you, or I’ll drag it out of you one way or another.”
is the one who made it so.
She ignores him. In slow, methodic steps, she goes around the car, her boots not making a single sound on the pavement, until she disappears from his line of sight.
The dark makes him more aware. Makes him remember that the threat is still somewhere, waiting for its chance to strike, and he must not forget that fact.
Next chapter, we continue with our emotional arc for this round - Thor, Scott, and few other surprises. Things are going to take a really aggressive turn soon, as the high pressure and the stress and the wild emotions running loose gets a lot of our characters very, very on the edge; And it'll all take us one step closer into finally getting some closure on a few subjects MCU has never given proper attention to, which I feel like it should be mended, for our sakes. Can't wait to see you guys there!
As Tony walks towards them, leaving the secure embrace on Nebula’s arms when he finds her stiff and still on her feet, his eyes run along the bots’ form paranoidly, looking for scratches or cracks, for
because he doesn’t
” Bruce and Tony speak at the same time, completely uncaring if they are interrupting FRIDAY’s report. Tony’s heart is beating loud and fast, his breath short, a rush of heat and adrenaline pumping into his bloodstream like some dam inside him has been broken open suddenly, anxiety spiking up in dangerous levels inside his brain.
And he just
Tony had long ago accepted that his arrogance had been the reason why Ultron existed at all, nevermind Bruce’s involvement – Tony is the one who convinced him to do it, and he’s fully aware and okay with the fact. The blame is his.
Or else he’ll have to shoulder on, swallow the cries, and find a way to march forward anyway.
“No.” Clint admits, giving a light chuckle.
He doesn’t know.
“My calculations are not precise, Boss.” FRIDAY quickly reminds him, sensing his distress, from both inside and out, running in Tony’s veins through the biomarkers and pumping wildly into his core, and his
“I’m not— Ok, listen. This kind of stuff doesn’t magically disappear, alright? The kid’s
“No, no.” Thor insists, and they all politely ignore how gruff his voice sounds, far more than normal. “We should continue. We have the gauntlet, there’s no reason to waste any time.”
The speakers crackle, just once, the same way it did the one and only time Tony heard it years ago, after he finally managed to put the pieces back together from the mangled mess that had been JARVIS’ memory – there would always be interference in there now, ghosts echoing between the waves, the auditory version of cracks in a mirror. Jagged bits that will never come fully close as they were before. But beneath it all, voices can still be heard.
Steve— Steve is not trying to blame Tony for everything, alright? He said something cruel in the heat of the moment and he regrets doing it. He apologized for that exact reason. He knows Tony was trying to do what he thought was right. But
(No one was killed.)
is not something easy to fix. It’s not… it’s not easy at all.”
Wanda gives him a tiny nod, her eyes gleaming with happiness, her expression so grateful Steve doesn't know what to do with himself. So he just pats her shoulder, awkward but kind, and he gives her a tight smile as he passes her in the direction of the door to his own room, assured she will be fine. From now on, she will be fine.
“Mrs. Stark, I’m sorry, but I don’t understand.” Jarvis interrupts her, calmly, but his eyes are far more expressive than his face or his tone. He looks nervous. “Did you just write ‘Tony’? As in Anthony?”
And it wasn’t. He was telling the truth.
, though?!
FRIDAY makes a pause, heavy and tentative, before answering softly, “They asked for it.”
“Oh, God, kill me.” Tony mumbles.
“You wouldn’t be digging up SHIELD files if you didn’t know what’s out there.” The man says, as if he is conceding Jarvis a win in an argument. “I’m not gonna insult you by playing dumb. You’ve seen what HYDRA can do, and you know better than to underestimate them. But you are one of the few. And right now, we who know better have to stick together.”
collapsing all around him.
Tony turns to her, quirking an eyebrow. “You know them?”
“Makes sense.” Tony affirms. Guesses. He’s not sure yet. Not knowing how it works makes the logic of it hazy all around. “Wong did say each Stone attaches to one aspect that controls life. They might all work the same, but act on different objects.”
There is no time to think, only to
(No.)
He doesn’t
” She hisses, and the emptiness of her voice is slowly replaced by a growing, sizzling,
“Can we talk?” he mutters, lowly, approaching in careful footsteps. He seems to be alone.
She has reasons of her own. She has feelings of her own. There’s only so much Steve can ask of her, given how uncaringly he has treated her in occasions in the past.
They try everything. Everything short of taking him outside and asking for help from an actual technician – because they can’t. Tony has to remain hidden. And as a consequence of that, when they finally run out of ideas, all they can do is wait, and pray for the best, because there is no one else they can turn to for help, outside their house.
“I want you to try it your way. I know how much it means to you. Maybe more than you can explain.” She says, but Tony is only half listening. A tear manages to escape, and he sniffs, loud, and it feels like hell. “I don’t want you to do something just because you think that’s what I want. We can’t get to a point where you just do something because you think it’s gonna make me happy.”
They can try.
(You’re sounding kinda worried there, Captain. Are you ok?)
together, is the same force that pulls entire galaxies into being.”
(Not at first.)
(Well.)
Let's see what I can find beneath what I consider to be the most intriguing, but also the most unlikely duo ever presented in the MCU, Rogers and Romanov.
(Tony.)
He wants to turn back around. He doesn’t want to go outside.
But he is nothing but stone-faced as the audio plays out, JARVIS calmly introducing himself and attempting to soothe Ultron, who, even within seconds of his creation, already seems far too different from his brother.
“I know what you want to do, Tony.” She tells him, softly. “And I know why you want to do it. I know. But I…”
“He said his job was done.” He remembers Natasha saying in a hurt whisper, that echoed through the quinjet like a gunshot. “And there was nothing else to say.”
“Ok.” Tony braces himself, pretending he can’t hear the tiny whistle his nostrils give when he takes in a deep, careful breath, willing his hands to remain steady for this. For this decision. For this… whatever the hell this is. “Let’s see if it works.”
“Securing the perimeter.” FRIDAY informs, loud enough through the speakers that Cap can most certainly hear it too. “He’s holding the crowd between 17
Besides, even if his bike
and Tony frowns disapprovingly at her despite the fact that she turns her back at him, heading to the chair impassively, not even trying to peek at Tony as she does so.
Natasha lets out an elegant snort, so soft it almost sounds like a huff, but the mocking is as strong as it can be.
, but he
“I am right here.” Pepper reminds him sharply, insulted for being talked over, and Bruce immediately steps back and apologizes, but his eyes still express his disapproval and doubt so clearly that he could be saying it out loud.
But it’s ok. It’s ok because Tony is back, and she’ll take whatever piece of him Howard brings back to her.
“What other option do I have?” Tony argues, defensively.
Ms. Carter told him about General Reinhardt. Her voice still rings somber in his ears when he recalls it.
He tried suffocating Tony Stark.
Natasha by-passes Rhodey with no finesse or politeness, nearly knocking her shoulder against him in her haste, and she all but
“Right. And taking Captain America to Disneyland is
how Tony will receive the following news, and says, “It appears that James Buchanan Barnes has disappeared as well, Boss.”
“We can’t answer distress calls anymore.” He says, in a hollow tone. It’s not a scream, it’s not even a demand. Maybe just a statement. Just a broken, reluctant statement, and nothing else.
They nod at each other; an unspoken agreement, a truce, an apology, all at once, and Natasha goes back to work, typing away with total concentration, not even taking her eyes away from the screen as she does so.
“No.” she says, and her voice betrays nothing, but Steve knows now; that with Natasha, no reaction is a reaction in itself. She’s guarded. She’s wounded, somehow. “I can’t stay. It’s not safe. I’m a Russian spy, first and foremost, and I will always be. My position is very fragile even with Tony backing me up. It’s not really the time to take risky chances like that.”
. He fears, for a second, that he might have misunderstood, but the graceful glee in the king’s face makes no room for mistake, no second guessing to what he means. How does he— does he
“So are you.” Tony grumbles tiredly. “Why?”
“And you’ve done a great job, can’t you tell!?” Barton yells. “I lost my wife, Tony! I lost my
Pepper.”
“I’m glad to hear it.” Steve says, and this time, it is nothing but the complete truth.
As long as this isn’t their
“Is that the truth?” Sam insists, staring at Steve so intensely he might as well be transparent.
–, and for an instant, he revels in the feeling that he can
Or he’s learning to, again. Slowly, somewhat painfully.
trace this back to us?”
Tony can’t belong to that team. No matter how much he wishes he could. How he
Bruce jumps in a startled gasp. “The Reality Stone does
–, although he hesitates a bit, pondering over what words would be more sensible to ask more on the subject, but then—
Then it is all about Siberia.
“Well, if Nat says so.” Agent Barton easily agrees, trusting. “I really don’t feel like going back yet anyway.”
(You know.)
“Bruce.” Steve calls, pressingly. “What happened to Tony? How did you get this phone?”
It baffles him because
They nod. Carter stands.
He’ll have to do what it takes to keep them.
His body won’t let him. He tried, when he got back to his room – the luxurious suite T’Challa had so kindly spared him, even though Steve insisted it was completely unnecessary -, because as soon as he found himself alone, his thoughts began to wander in so many dangerous directions he decided the best course of action would be not thinking
Steve’s head darts back up, his eyes wide and mind reeling. “
it doesn’t simply leave you like that.
But they fought.
, he smiles, and drops the box, and follows Tony.
“Who’s Ronan?” Rhodey asks in an awkward whisper.
the weight of their expectations, the anxious wait for his final conclusion because that’s what always happens. He doesn’t know why, he just knows it does. It’s how their dynamic works, like it always has, and feeling it come back so suddenly after so many years not needing to do it is almost jarring, overwhelming, and it makes his lungs feel tight and his mind reel, and the crashing realization of this forgotten responsibility, of this role he’s not sure he can perform again now.
“We’ve fought aliens before.” Bruce reasons. “Hulk fought the Leviathans and Loki and all sorts of crazy beings before – he never felt fear. Now he’s afraid of Thanos?”
But Steve can’t know for sure. He can never know.
“Mom and Dad are being gross.” Clint warns on comms, to the sound of Thor’s boisterous laugh.
?” Tony says, exasperated. “I get it, you’re uncomfortable. And because I am an adult, and I am very respectful, I won’t ask
, might have done to her, the sting of her initial feelings is something will always echo in the corners of his mind, much like Charles Spencer’s mother’s voice.
insane.” Bruce comments.
“It’s the
“A friend of mine died.” Clint mutters, sorrowful. “A young agent I recruited. He was undercover in Nepal and his cover was blown when the leak happened. He didn’t have time to make a retreat, and he
“So where would he go?”
, and I’ll not sit here while she’s alone in whatever shithole Thanos has left behind for us.”
And then he sees him.
He makes a noise that’s supposed to be a thoughtful hum, but sounds choked and tight, like a repressed sob, and not for the first time, Tony regrets that he even woke up at all today, wishing he had stayed in bed, asleep, with Pepper in his arms for the rest of his life.
that if he was still alive after all that had happened to him, there should’ve been a reason for it.
, than anywhere else.”
“Doesn’t matter, you’ll fix me up in no time.” Tony waves off, but then exhales heavily. “But yeah. I saw him.”
(Because you can’t stop it.)
Okay.
“Pointing it out is the opposite of letting it slide.”
“Yeah.” Steve agrees with a light chuckle. “Once was enough.”
But that had gotten out of his control. And when it did, he stopped realizing why it was important to even feel it at all.
