Sherlock shut the car door, and John followed him with his gaze until he had disappeared inside the building.
”It’s a little bit complicated,” he said. ”But I’ve ran into him a couple of times, and I mean, it’s not like we’re not friends or anything. It’s just- I don’t know, Greg.”
”You’ve really got to stop with this worrying business, John.” Sherlock kicked off his wet shoes, they hit the bottom part of the wall with a thumping sound. ”Complete waste of mental energy.”
”Mmm.” Sherlock relocates himself the very short distance from his chair to the sofa, boneless body falling into the soft pillows there.
“Well, John,” he began. “As I'm sure you, as a doctor, can appreciate, the answer to that question is a very relative one. But, given the circumstances, I'd have to say he's surprisingly okay.”
John was using his entire body weight to hold him down, his legs serving as some sort of lock around Sherlock’s. It was, indeed, impossible to move.
Sherlock raises one eyebrow. ”I try very, very hard to think about that as little as I possibly can.”
Or, and this was the trickiest part, they could represent a whole array of things that a person could feel about another person that one was close to. Spoken like that, Sherlock figured they meant all of the above things but wrapped into one.
He wrapped his arms around the head pillow for support, and let his belly rest against the other pillow that John had put there earlier. His arse was up in the air - perhaps not the most dignified of poses, but it did it’s job. In this position, he knew John would be able to enter him even farther.
John had to struggle to get the word out without hesitation, ”then you are an even bigger idiot than I have been giving you credit for!”
”Sometimes I talk to you.” Sherlock interrupts. ”No, that’s not true. I often talk to you. All the time, in fact. Sometimes out loud, although I try to only do that when I’m alone. I talk, and you reply. Helps me to sort things out.”
Sherlock who has a vulnerability for psychosis and a history of drug dependance, and who just a few minutes ago asked John if he was real. From a distant past, he recalls Mycroft’s words about danger nights.
Sherlock found himself leaning into the kiss, couldn’t help but return it. How could he not, after waiting and hoping and dreaming about it for so long.
Sherlock still had that funny looking expression on his face, as if he really did not understand why John would be holding out a small, wrapped box for him the night before Christmas. He tentatively began to open it.
“I did, you know.” John’s gaze is fixed on him, burning into him so strongly that Sherlock can’t manage to meet his eyes. He settles for John’s right knee instead, keeps his eyes fixed on the fabric of his trousers, when he replies.
John smiled when he remembered Sherlock’s mocking words at his speech at the wedding. He’d been right of course, as always.
Sherlock looks away, and John doesn’t know what to say. He really has no idea of what this is all about, or why this is so difficult to talk about.
By the time they had finished eating and were comfortably leaned back in the sofa, Sherlock’s last defenses had been thoroughly pulverized. It was just him and John, like it had used to be, long before everything turned so complicated. It was so easy to be in John’s presence, it made him feel good about himself.
”Caroline, lovely as always,” Sherlock replies, kisses her on both cheeks, casts a quick glance and sees that John already is carrying her bag.
“Here,” she said, reaching out her phone to him, with a defeated look on her face. “It's late. I imagine you want to call him.”
On the - fairy few and far in between - occasions Sherlock’s had sex in recent years, it’s never been with someone he knows this well. Trusts this wholeheartedly. Had forgotten how different it was; almost like another thing all together.
"I'm so terribly sorry for what I said, earlier. It was inexcusable. I hope you know that, ehm, that that's not at all how I think about you."
“I wasn’t coming back. That was the whole point. Mycroft said the mission would mean my guaranteed death within six months.”
”Time’s ticking and there’s one of our men still stuck in there in case you- Is that Facebook you’re looking at?? What the hell are you-” The Commander is getting increasingly wound up, and John feels that old, instinctive urge to step into the role to protect Sherlock, knowing very well that Sherlock wouldn’t waste a second if it wasn’t necessary.
“Wow, Sherlock-” John smiled, reached out a hand and stroked his cheek. He wished he could find a way to make that furrow of concern and confusion between Sherlock's eyebrows go away.
,” he whispers as he comes back, catches his breath. ”Wanted to last but Christ, Sherlock, the sight of you, with my cock in your mouth…”
”What happened… was tragic. But it wasn’t your fault. His past would have caught up with him, anyway. You had nothing to do with him being blackmailed.”
John closes the curtains to keep the daylight out, then goes off to the bedroom. He falls asleep the moment he shuts his eyes, a warm, soft feeling of contentment in his chest. Life is good, he thinks. It’s all good.
”Wow. You deduced that in seconds, didn’t you. That’s… extraordinary.” John shook his head in amazement. Not much use for smalltalk when you were with someone who could know everything through a quick glance. It’d been so long since the last time he’d seen Sherlock at work, and it was just as mind blowing as the first time he’d gotten to witness it.
Has drifted off when he feels the mattress shift. John sits up, finds his pants and puts them on. Climbs over Sherlock and goes to turn the lamp off. Sherlock moves to make space for John as he crawls back into the bed. The room is bathed in darkness. John’s arm finds its way around him again, and Sherlock willingly relaxes into the embrace. Another kiss on the lips; soft, gentle.
And although that meant breaking his promise to Mycroft, and perhaps upsetting Sherlock again, well, he had to take that risk, just this once.
”Fuck! Sherlock, fucking hell-,” John exclaimed out into the room, pushing hard into Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock was in the middle of the dance floor, with both arms up in the air. He had taken off his suit jacket and unbuttoned the two top buttons of his shirt. His body was flush against Gabriel’s as they were dancing to the music that was blasting from the speakers. Gabriel was holding his hands on Sherlock’s hips as they moved. John felt his mouth fall open.
They talked a bit about his new business, and John silently wondered if Sherlock had been here on his own, or worse, with that bloke. But then Luigi spotted the Parmesan in his hand and lit up.
”So anyway. We had gotten to our final year of boarding school, and I was elected head boy-” he paused and looked at Sherlock. ”Shezza, wake up, that was the cue for your favourite dirty joke!”
“Come here, you,” he mumbled, and when their lips met again, John immediately felt the tension between them rising again. He actually couldn't remember if he'd ever responded this strongly to someone before; it was as if their bodies were meant to be together like this.
There were other sounds now, as well. Mingled with the heavy breathing and the loader moans were also the unmistakable wet sounds of a mouth and of motion, faster now than before. Of suction and licking and body fluids mixing together. Filthy, dirty sounds, pure sex.
After a brisk walk through Regent’s Park to work off some restlessness, John was sitting at a table in the small sandwich bar. He anxiously awaited getting the full story of exactly what had happened last night and how Sherlock was doing now.
He dreaded having this conversation with her, but in a way, it would be a great relief to have it over with. Mary, with her uncanny ability to pick up on subtleties, had apparently seen his jealousy and realized that John's emotions for Sherlock could no longer be conveniently explained through the friendship filter. Or, he wondered, could she possibly have seen that moment by the bar? John found that he didn't really care that much.
This very nearly drove Sherlock over the edge, even though the only direct stimulation he was getting was from the friction against the pillow underneath him. The slapping sounds of skin meeting skin filled the room, filled Sherlock’s mind.
He kept coming just a little bit too close into his personal space, ever so briefly, quickly withdrawing, but then it would happen again, and again. Highly unusual behavior for John, who normally was very observant of social boundaries.
,” John whispers. ”God, you. You’re…” His breathing gets more ragged, he searches for words, then laughs a breathy laugh. ”You’re the bee’s knees, Sherlock, that’s what you are.” His voice hitches as Sherlock begins to stroke him harder.
Moves into place between Sherlock’s legs, then takes himself in hand to line up. When his glans presses bluntly against Sherlock’s hole, neither of them can be quiet.
”Emily will be there, yeah? You always have so much fun together. Maybe the two of you can watch a film or something, while the grown-ups have dinner."
”Very funny,” Sherlock says with a smirk. ”Mummy hid my coat somewhere and I haven’t had a chance to look for it. She says it’s too thin for this weather and that I’ll catch my death in it. One would think that after forty, one would be trusted to dress oneself.” He sighs dramatically.
Lets go of his cock and breeches him again, two fingers this time, and Sherlock moans. Sets a quicker pace, begins to fuck him with his fingers.
John presses their crotches together, and when Sherlock feels John’s bare cock, hot and thick and big against his own, he whimpers.
John continues. ”Right. And why? Well, because if you do, you’ll unwisely start to twist the facts to suit your theories, instead of the theories to suit the facts.”
”The risk of hostage being killed in a shootout situation is 31 percent, compared to only one percent with proper negotiation,” Sherlock says, his words rapid. To other people he probably sounds confident, cocky almost, but John can hear the tremble in his voice. ”Give me the megaphone.”
He violently tried to push these thoughts out of his head. Of course Sherlock was alright! Or at least, was going to be! He was going to be alright and then he would come home, and this time, John would never let him down again.
John laughs. ”No but. I would love to, Sherlock, that would be.. great. If you don’t think your parents would mind?”
So now, he was sitting dressed in a pair of blue jogging bottoms, the kind with the fuzzy inside; a cotton undershirt of exceptional quality and a gray jumper in one hundred percent cashmere, staring blankly at the person called Dr. Riyat.
A cigarette would indeed not go amiss right now. He had a half empty pack in his coat pocket. Could easily pop out for a minute.
It had been what Sherlock had called her. John had loved it, and never stopped using it, although he saved it for a special occasions and mostly said it when Mary was not around. ”I know this is hard for you. And I’m so sorry for that.”
John takes a deep breath, holds it for two seconds, then slowly exhales. Then, he smiles, which makes Sherlock almost weak with relief.
”I have never forgiven myself for letting both of them down the way I did. I could have prevented this, I know I could’ve. And I decided, after all this- I decided to try my very best to… to
Sherlock turned his gaze away from John's eyes, and instead directed it, in a most obvious way, directly at John's crotch. The worst part of it all was that it only caused John's jeans to strain a bit more. Damn it damn it damn it.
”It’s been way too long,” she’d exclaimed. ”You look great, John. And that new job of yours, wow. I hear you’ve become quite the big shot over there!”
He was jolted alive by the wave of panic that hit him when he looked at the screen. The clock showed 01:10.
He moved one hand to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, tangled his fingers in the long curls, gently cupped his hand there. He put his other arm around his back, and tried not to show his hesitation when he was reminded of the scars there.
But then Sherlock stops laughing, relaxes under his grip, and John lets go of his hands. For a moment, everything stills. They’re silently looking at each other, and John sees Sherlock’s eyes shining with love and desire.
”All I’m trying to say, is that it could be a fantastic opportunity. You should at least go there, hear what they have to say!” Gabe was going on and on about this damn thing, wouldn’t let it go. It was starting to drive Sherlock crazy.
And sometimes, when Gabe was out of town and the ache in his chest got too strong, Sherlock would take them out. He would sleep with the chain around his neck, holding the tags in his hand, feel the cold metal slowly warm up to body temperature.
John felt increasingly worried that maybe this had been a bad idea. But then, finally, Sherlock broke out into the biggest, happiest grin.
However, he still felt insanely jealous. He had to find a way to reach through to Sherlock. It was unacceptable to just let that bloke have free reign.
”We really don’t have to do this right now,” he mumbled. ”You know that, right? Given all that has happened and all, perhaps it would be best to-”
They had laid next to each other, just kissing, for so long that Sherlock’s lips had started to feel sore. It was dark outside. At some point, John had reached over him to turn off the bedside lamp. The only light in the room came from the street lamps outside.
Whenever he talked about Sherlock, he worried that the other person would be able to see right through him.
He’d said the words, for the first time in his life. And he meant them, so that wasn’t a problem. But what if John didn’t really want him to feel that way? What if Sherlock’s ’I love you’ meant something much bigger than John’s? It seemed so easy for John to throw the words around. And what if John would now start to think that Sherlock was clingy and needy or something worse? He already knew John sometimes thought he was difficult. What if the fact that he’d said it now, would cause John to-”
It was awkward, discussing this with him. John sure as hell hadn’t told him anything about what had happened between them, that night, and he didn’t think Sherlock had, either. Still, he still got a weird feeling that perhaps Greg knew. He tried to put it out of his mind, too embarrassed to consider that possibility.
”Sherlock.” John spoke his name again, he loved it, his name in John’s voice. But he was saying it differently now, his voice was raspy.
”I almost forgot. I wanted to give you this, should you need an extra bit of… understanding. Do be so kind to burn it when you’ve read it.”
”Oh Sherls…”, Gabriel would sigh. ”I’m sorry I keep bringing this up, I know I’m asking for something you can’t give, and it’s not fair to you. Let's just drop it.”
They were lying side by side as they were talking, arms still wrapped around each other. John reached out to touch his cheek, and Sherlock realized it was wet. John’s eyes seemed a bit moist, too.
”Because I knew how much you liked them, of course. I must say, there seem to be a whole lot of things you still haven’t figured out. Maybe you’re not as clever as everyone thinks, hmm?”
”Yeah.” John felt his cheeks flush a little again, but was firmly decided not to let his awkward feelings of embarrassment come in the way in this. ”Yes, a date. Given our activities over the last fifteen hours, I’m pretty sure that would be the correct terminology, if you and I went out for dinner together.”
John was overcome with a sense of loss so strong it made him sink to the floor, bury his face in his hands.
Five minutes after the store had finally opened, John was holding in his hand a new phone with his old number.
”Do you think you can take a third?” he asked in that gravelly voice; pushing and poking around the rim with the fingertip. When Sherlock nodded affirmatively, John wiggled in the third finger into his anus.
Entering the quiet, sparsely decorated flat, it felt less like a home than it ever had before, so great was the contrast from Baker Street. He’d felt something similar many times before, only now, it didn’t become him the slightest. Didn’t make him feel down the way it used to do. Life was improving by the hour.
”So, Danny. Mind shar’n what this s’all abar?” John draws closer to the police car, tries to listen in to the transmission. For a moment, silence, but then the kid starts to talk.
Sherlock gasped. A familiar feeling began to stir within him. John’s words affected him just as much as the touch of his hand.
She swallows, quickly dabs her sleeve at the corner of her eyes. Caroline has put her hand on Mrs Holmes’ shoulder, and Mrs Holmes reaches up to squeeze it.
He watches Sherlock, sees him frustratedly push back a dark curl from his eyes. His hair has gotten a little bit longer, and it’s twisting tighter in the damp evening air. He still looks younger than his age, maybe even more now.
”Never been better.” Sherlock takes another swig from his glass. He then turns to his mum, with a look that John could only describe as defiant. ”You were speaking about Victor, I gather?”
Of course. They’re thinking that John just didn’t know about this particular guy; not that… not that he and Sherlock have never even come close to this entire conversation, before.
His words were burning inside of John, but not because of guilt. To get another chance… yes. He could indeed imagine this. Could picture it so intensely it made his heart ache.
“John, I-“ he’d begun, and John had looked up from his newspaper, with that gaze that had been so empty, ever since it all happened. It had made Sherlock’s uneasiness worse, making his words falter.
”Good,” Sherlock cut in, and John noticed through his haze that Sherlock was a bit breathless, too. ”Because I happen to share that sentiment.”
Charlotte and Mark didn’t have any children, and John thought it was kind of nice to get a break from the constant discussions about parenting and babies.
”You’re too cold,” he said, the doctor in him not quite prepared to ever stop worrying about Sherlock and how he was doing.
Mary had been asleep when John got back home, and she was still sleeping when he left for work early that morning. Before walking downstairs, he had spent a long moment by Anna’s crib, just watching the baby girl as her tiny chest rose and fell in birdlike breaths. She was so peaceful, so unaware.
And that is the image that finally does him in. John is tipping over, he’s coming, spurts of hot liquid between them, painting Sherlock’s naked torso and mixing with the wet mess already there.
Standing in front of their table was Chris Jones, one of John’s dormmates from Med School, and a woman by his side, John assumed it was his wife. John and Chris had been fairly good friends for a long time, had been squash partners every Saturday morning for a while after uni even, but had only kept in touch through an obligatory Christmas card the last ten or so years. Just life coming in between, John had figured. He’d invited Chris to his wedding, he hadn’t been able to make it but had sent a nice note.
”Sherlock,” he moaned quietly when he felt a hand closing around his own. ”Oh Sherlock, that feels so good.”
He forces his eyes open, momentarily unsure of where he is. Smiles when he sees Sherlock standing in front of him, dressing gown inside out, dark hair in a tremendous mess and sleep still in his eyes.
And then, another of John’s fantasies came to life, as Sherlock actually tilted his head up to look John in the eye, as he slowly took more of John into his mouth. John could see hazy eyes under long, dark eyelashes, and he just could not be quiet. No chance.
”Ha.” Mycroft huffs out a hard, single laugh. ”When has that ever stopped you?” He looks at Sherlock, thoughtfully. ”Do you want to put a tap on his phone? Easily managed, I’d be happy to help.”
Sherlock observed Gabe as he sat slumped down in the chair across from him, uncharacteristically scruffy-looking. He hadn’t bothered with his hair today, dark circles under his eyes, his facial skin a bit red and blotchy, unshaven. He was dressed in a pink Lacoste polo with the print ’Game, Set and Match’ across the chest.
Sherlock was panting heavily, John could tell he was already very aroused. He wondered fleetingly whether Sherlock had ever done anything like this before.
”John. I don’t think you’ve heard me talk of Victor Trevor.” Sherlock’s face is completely neutral, impossible to read.
When Rosie’s run inside the house to greet the beloved stuffed animals left behind, Mary comes up to him where he’s standing by the door.
John strained to see, had to see more, had to know even though he also felt acutely aware that he should immediately turn away and sneak out while he still had the opportunity. To be caught out here would be, well, mortifying was too weak of a word. Sherlock would never speak to him again.
He felt himself get overcome with a strange sort of emotion, in the midst of the very sharp arousal pumping through his body. He felt… humbled, somehow, reverent, almost. Grateful to the universe for finally giving him all he ever wanted.
The sitting room is lit only by a few table lamps. In the fire place, pieces of coal are still glowing. The entire house is wrapped in silence now, but outside, in the far distance, a dog is barking. Sherlock runs his fingers through his hair, once, trying to collect the scattered images and memories of everything that happened. So many years have passed since then, but the wound still feels fresh now when he pokes around in it.
”Don’t take this the wrong way, because you’re handsome enough, John, but please. That guy’s Hollywood pretty! You can’t honestly think you can compete?”
Now the Japanese folks were getting carried away, too, it seemed, desperately trying to stifle their giggles.
”So when he does, you leave the door open. You call for him to come on in, say you’re in the bedroom. And when he comes there, he finds you, on your bed, completely naked - or maybe just wearing a scarf, John might very well be into some light bondage and-”
But then he can’t continue, although he wants to - or rather, feels that he needs to, to make John understand.
: I bloody well know it is! I’m not ashamed of who I am, John, and I don’t need your-.” He cuts the sentence short.
”Alas.” She takes a few steps towards him. ”Although I can’t say I’m surprised. My partner’s younger brother apparently won the battle about who gets to drive the car this time.” Her accent is frighteningly similar to the Queen’s, confirming John’s observations.
,” Sherlock sighed dramatically, and as he’d hoped, got John to smile again. Addictive, it was, this man’s smile, those blue eyes radiating sunshine in the middle of the night.
Sherlock had yanked back at lightning’s speed, while John slowly straightened up and gathered his composure. His heart was beating fast, he felt too overwhelmed to form a single linear thought. In a haze, he looked up.
John felt exhausted after walking, and then running, around in the rain, trying to catch the damn thing. When it had finally appeared in sight, it had been quite difficult to actually get close enough to put it back on the leash, because the dog had seemed to think it was the funniest game ever invented.
”Sherlock, I got worried because I hadn’t meant for things to happen like that, you know- happen this fast. Last time I rushed things, I ended up losing you, and you shut me out of your life, and got really scared that I’d screwed up again.”
”How’re you feeling?” John sits down on the edge of the bed, puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He involuntarily startles a little when he feels John’s hand.
”Yes,” John murmurs, voice raspy, and Sherlock tears his gaze away from John’s lips and up to his eyes. ”The answer to your question is yes.”
Sherlock looks at him and smiles happily, and John smiles back, places lots and lots of small kisses over his hair, forehead, lips. Within minutes, Sherlock falls asleep, a long bony leg tangled possessively around John’s.
Without warning, Sherlock hooked his fingers into the waistband of his trousers. He paused, and when John was able to pull his eyes away from the sight and tilt his head up to meet his eyes, Sherlock pushed his trousers down, leaned down to free himself of them completely. John immediately looked down again, how could he not - and felt his breath hitch when he noticed that Sherlock had taken his pants off at the same time.
John’s heart is beating hard but steady, one of his greatest advantages both in the military and in his work as a surgeon. John doesn’t panic in situations like this; quite the contrary, in fact. It’s a strange mix between calm and utter focus, nothing else existing but the very moment he’s in. He hasn’t felt like this in a long, long time.
John draped his Barbour jacket on a chair in the kitchen, left it there, dripping. He proceeded to get the kettle, filled it with water, and put teabags in two cups as the water came to a boil. It occurred to him that perhaps he should have asked first, but it just really felt like home to him, still, after all this time.
”Is there a doctor here?!” the man’s voice carried over the gusts of wind. ”Find a doctor! Call an ambulance!”
They’ve all ended up in the sitting room again, after dutifully watching the Queen’s speech - which was quite entertaining, really, mostly due to the ongoing snarky commentary provided by Sherlock.
Would he still have married Mary? And what about the other stuff? If he had known, known for sure, that Sherlock not only preferred men but also was human enough to want sex, even love.
”I’ve missed you. Don’t think I’ve realised how much, until now,” John says, just a little louder than a whisper.
”Hm.” John didn’t know what to say. His mind was running on high gear now, jealousy and regret mixing together with this new information. It confirmed what he had suspected, but it also added to it all in a bad way.
“You're kidding,” John said, dumbfounded. It probably shouldn't come as a surprise that Sherlock would wank off to insane things.
The way his pectoral muscles flexed, hard and well defined, as John was moving his hands over Sherlock’s body, in big, sweeping strokes.
They kept walking for a few minutes, and then John felt the first drops of icy rain hit his hair and his face.
”You’re in London for an interview,” Sherlock says, perhaps a bit abruptly, as his mind is slowly beginning to come back online. ”Second interview, in fact. At Bart’s. Mike encouraged you to apply. Trauma Unit. Staying for two nights.” A quick inhale. ”Where’s Rosie?”
Sherlock pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows in a superior gesture that reminded John of none other than Mycroft himself. This – the mannerisms, the way they carried themselves – was really how most of the brotherly semblance presented itself, he had always thought.
Sherlock waited until he heard the front door close, then pulled the duvet up over his head. The bed felt empty without John, but he could still feel his lingering scent on the pillow. He drifted back into sleep.
”Look at you. I never dreamt…” He sits up again, pushes his fingers a little bit further in and then presses them up.
He'd swung around in the sofa, the anger inside so strong that he wasn’t really thinking straight, and maybe that was why he'd said the things he did, and then watched John go pale, just a little bit but still.
”You, my dear,” John sniggered, ”you fell off the bed. From a sitting position. Just like that.” He snorted with laughter. ”My poor baby!”
”Mm,” said Sherlock. ”I know. But you are clearly bise- Ah!” he drew a sharp breath as John let his hand slide down for a moment to give his testicles a quick tug. ”Bisexual,” Sherlock gasped.
When he did, Sherlock grabbed tight fistfuls of the pillow and moaned, too loud of course, but John seemed pretty far gone too because he didn’t hush him this time.
"You have to understand, Sherlock - you shutting me out again, that's sort of my biggest fear here."
”I was just… it’s amazing, that you’re here. That we’re here, together,” he said, feeling suddenly choked up.
Eventually, John got up from the bed, went into the bathroom. Sherlock could hear him brush his teeth, then getting into the shower.
A minute later, Sherlock abruptly stops what he’s doing, grabs the megaphone that he’d left by his feet, and runs up as close to the store front as the police tape will allow. John hurries after him, the metallic taste of adrenaline in his mouth. Sherlock holds up the megaphone.
”Oh but we both know that’s what this is all about, John. I told you in the taxi, I saw it. Everyone could see it. You had jealousy written all over your face. And then you went to see him last night, of course, and now you think-” she paused, shook her head, smiling.
John knew he had to leave Anna with Mary tonight, and it was imperative to make sure she was stable enough to care for the baby properly. No matter how much he wanted to, he just couldn’t rush this.
“You know, John, sometimes I blame myself. I should have done more to prepare him for real life, not help him escape the way he always did into his books and daydreams…” Mycroft stirred sugar into the cup of milky tea in front of him.
”I need to ask you something. We’ve talked about this before, but I want to ask you again. I didn’t really think about it last night, but I did today. You know the way John was acting towards me, right from the start, way before the coke. He was so bloody hostile, I’m surprised he didn’t punch me sooner… If I didn’t know better, I’d say he was jealous.”
, oh, how he wanted. So much and right now, all at once. He wanted to keep Sherlock's hard cock in his hand, feel it hot and moving, stroke him until he would come. But there was also something else he wanted to do, and he did not want to lose the opportunity. He wanted to do it for his own sake, and he wanted to do it for Sherlock. Wanted to feel his reaction, wanted to make him squirm.
Wrong and needy and selfish and childish and although John would never, never, say that in so many words, Sherlock knew that was what he was thinking. He'd been standing in front of Sherlock, who'd been curled up on the sofa with his back angrily turned to John, determined to not say another word about it all.
John moaned loudly as the head of his dick breached Sherlock in one steady motion. Sherlock was busy controlling his breathing, trying to prevent his muscles to clench. It hurt, a bit, but surprisingly little given John’s size. Maybe John had been right about taking his time with the preparations.
They didn’t say a word, just kept grinning foolishly at each other, and John felt Sherlock’s happy smile warm him deep inside; thawing his frozen core.
Slowly, carefully, John pulled out. Sherlock winced. He was going to feel this for a couple of days. John didn’t notice the pained expression on his face, because he was busy staring down at what was sure to be a graphic sight.
Waiting for a chance to give his order to the bartender, John thought that he’d rather have a root canal, anyway, any day, instead of struggling through this kind of conversation. But then it dawned on him what he had accomplished. He’d managed to tell Sherlock! This should be a cause for celebration, not agony. Now he knows!
Realises he’s naked. Slept naked, next to John. A vague memory of waking up, briefly, to move in closer. Had wedged a leg in between John’s thighs, felt his soft cock beneath thin cotton. Drifted back into sleep again; warm, safe, happy.
He grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders, turned him away from the counter. Still furiously kissing and stroking him, John started to walk Sherlock backwards out of the kitchen.
”John, you have proved to be a liability. Three times now, in one way or another, you seem to have been the trigger for his use. I don’t know if Sherlock would survive a forth. And I’m sure as hell not going to wait to find out.”
Sherlock didn't dare to move. He stayed as still as he could, waiting to see what John would do next. Given John's most careful avoidance of anything even slightly indicative of this, he really didn't know at all what to think. He hadn't had the guts to ask, either.
”That was... I thought it was because-” He looked lost, John thought, lost and young. ”But it was for me?”
When John returned to the flat, he sat down and immediately ripped open the brown envelope that Mycroft had given him. He took out the papers and saw that it indeed was a medical record.
”Mmm,” is all Sherlock can think to reply. Is exhausted, exhilarated but at the same time, his thoughts are beginning to pick up speed, because.. what happens now? What
He’s telling Sherlock about his life - and despite it all, despite the fact that Greg is in there and the kid is obviously unhinged and has a gun - John feels for him.
”I can assure you, there’s nothing to worry about. And if you’ll forgive the nitpicking: The only thing that was out of control last night, John, was you.”
”And then when I’ve finally managed to get up on my feet, you show up like it was all a big joke! I know I said I forgave you, and I did, but I think you should know. You let me go through hell every bloody day and every bloody night, thinking you were dead and that I should have seen a way to stop you from…”
”Yes. Of course.” Noticeable tremble in his voice. Overt behavior not congruent with words. Damn it.
He began to laugh again, gasped for air, tried to find the strength to collect himself enough to finish the sentence.
John’s eyes were darting back and forth between Sherlock's face and his own hand and what it was doing. He was watching Sherlock as if he was something extraordinary.
On their crazed walk to from the kitchen to the bedroom, Sherlock had managed to untuck John’s shirt as well, and now he had both his hands underneath it, feeling John’s hot skin under his hands.
Sherlock was staring intensely right in his eyes. Then, abruptly, he leaned forward, put a large hand behind John's neck, and dragged him into a hard, needy kiss. It took John a very short moment before he kissed him back.
The small two bedroom flat he’s been renting since February has no qualities of what he’d consider a home. It was a quick, convenient solution when they finally had decided to separate. Somewhere to sleep, basically. The only room he’s put some sort of effort into is Rosie’s room, and even that could have been done so much better. It’s just that it feels so… pointless.
”Good,” John interrupted. ”I love the way you taste,” and then he put his head down in between Sherlock’s legs again.
“So brilliant, so beautiful,” he said, not breaking the quick rhythm. “You were such a good boy, it was amazing, so perfect,” and then it took just five more strokes until Sherlock was shutting his eyes and coming, hard, all over John's hand and chest, burying his nails into John’s shoulders.
“So I need you to be really honest with me about this,” John continued, looking more focused now. “Would you really like to try this with me?”
“Look. The damage is done. It's over,” he added quietly, his eyes turned down to the cup of coffee on the desk.
In a quick motion, John unfastened Sherlock's belt. Then, ever so slowly, he pulled down the zipper of Sherlock's trousers, snapped the button open.
.” Sherlock sees worry, and concern, and so much warmth in the way John looks at him. Realises with great relief what he doesn’t see: blame, anger, disgust.
John grabs the base of the condom and pulls out, and Sherlock winces. Flops down on the bed next to him, and they lie there for a long moment, catching their breath, not speaking but just looking at each other.
Sherlock didn't reply, but kept staring down, John felt his gaze intensely locked on him and what he was doing. When John closed his hand around Sherlock's naked hardness and gave it a few pumps with his fist, Sherlock let out a groan that made John do the same. He was painfully hard himself now, and he decided to let go of Sherlock for the briefest of moments, in order to unzip his jeans and relieve a bit of the intense pressure. He wasn't sure Sherlock even noticed.
”Well, at the rate Rosie’s going, I’m afraid she’ll fill her lifetime quota of texts to her old man before the week is over.”
John takes another salmon roll, and Sherlock’s thinking about what to say next, but then John speaks again.
. Maybe he’s had just a tiny bit too much to drink, but he figures he’s worth it after having endured an entire Christmas with his family.
! And I didn’t keep any big secrets about myself from you, because close friends usually don’t do that! You could have just told me!”
“I promise you, this is nothing compared to what I could do if you'd let me,” John said. He pumped his cock a bit faster, causing Sherlock to move his hips in a strong upward motion.
He stands, lifts her up, gives her one last hug. Tries to appear relaxed even though his heart is beating violently.
This is the first time in many years that he’s here for the Christmas Eve madness. Has usually shunned it like the plague, but this year, it was difficult to refuse, what with Daddy’s coronary bypass last summer and all. Time’s running out, he knows it. Tries his best not to think about that so much, it’s just the way life goes. Still, chose to come, this year.
This had been at the root of the problems with Gabriel, that second time around, right after uni, when they had met again after years apart, and immediately felt themselves drawn back to each other.
He was surprised to notice that it was true. He had actually managed to put the correct label on the crazy, stomach twisting emotion that was whirling around inside of him at the moment. Normally it would all be a mixed up, undefinable mess.
“As a matter of fact, yes, he has. I've known for a while, I just forgot to tell you. You'll like this, John!”
His hands slid over John’s lightly tanned skin. He was keenly observing and storing in his memory all the details of John’s upper body.
John felt something akin to panic stirring in his chest, and worse, he could see fear in Sherlock’s eyes, too. And that was the thing that did it. He’d be damned if he was going to let Sherlock down this time around.
He notices John studying his face, thoughtfully. ”How are you feeling, now? Could you go back to sleep after I left?”
One Friday night in July, a creeping dread had come over John, as he was sitting in front of the telly in the sparsely furnished guest bedroom, eating dinner straight out of the take out bag. He couldn’t shake the feeling. He needed to know how Sherlock was doing.
Despite it all, this makes John chuckle. ”Sorry, no can do.” He puts his phone back into his pocket, nods towards the front door. ”Come on, then.”
When Rosie's back, Mary smiles at him, and it’s a lot less tense this time. ”I’ll leave you to it, then. John, I- I hope you’ll have a great evening. Happy new year.”
Make or break, he briefly thought to himself before leaning over to pull her into a gentle hug. She tensed up but then relaxed, and he felt her thin arms wrap around his back.
John glanced up quickly and saw that is was a small group of men, in their twenties, approaching. Drunk, rowdy, denim jackets and combat boots, beer bottles in their hands.
”John, goodness, you really don’t have to do this,” Mrs Holmes says as she passes behind him, carrying something. ”It’s a horrible mess in there.”
What did people say to other people in situations like this? Granted, this was probably a highly unusual situation, but still. Sherlock tried to recall what others had sometimes said to him in efforts to cheer him up.
John smiled and returned the compliment. She did indeed look beautiful, and John was glad to see she seemed happy.
The only option left is to pull the duvet up over his head again. He closes his eyes. Thinks that happy endings only exist in fairytales. Thinks that he has been
“That's it!” the angry woman yelled at John, looking very close to hitting him at this point. “I'm calling the police! Psychopaths like you need to be stopped! Who knows what you’ll kill next!” She took out a phone from her handbag.
He was feeling increasingly stressed about the time. This had taken much longer than he had expected, and it didn’t seem likely that he was going to be able to leave within the next hour or so.
”Thanks,” John smiles. ”I’m looking forward to it.” He puts another roll in his mouth and then covers it with his fist as he finishes chewing. ”But Sherlock, one question. There won’t be any sedatives in the punch this time? No… helicopter?”
”John, listen,” she says. I just want you to know how glad we are to have you back by Sherlock’s side. After you left, he just… you know. Wasn’t the same. And now that you are back, I just wanted to say that I hope, this time, we can all be… open with each other.”
,” he pants, looks away to try to calm himself down, because the sight of Sherlock’s swollen, wet lips is not helpful right now.
”You keep telling me that I should have said something! What, why! Because you gave me so much HOPE?” Sherlock was suddenly feeling very angry.
“Yes, well, just wanted to get a confirmation,” said Sherlock. “Maybe then, if it's not too much to ask – maybe we could do that again sometime?”
Maybe she isn’t completely senile yet, because she stops herself, possibly because she managed to notice Sherlock’s angry stare. ”What about your family, John? Did you have any Christmas traditions?”
Granted, he was still a little bit drunk but he surely remembered that he didn't live there anymore.
”Sherlock, I won’t be far away, alright? So if there’s ever something you need, anything I can do, just let me know. Okay? And- keep doing what you’re doing right now, you hear? Because I need you to look after yourself. Alright? Okay. I’m going to go now. We’ll - we’ll stay in touch, okay - so, yeah. See you soon.”
It’s highly unlikely that John’s willing to, say, take off his clothes here in the sitting room, and Sherlock urgently needs him to.
Mycroft is silent for a long time - or maybe just for a few seconds but too long, anyway, for being him. Stays turned towards Sherlock, a thoughtful (condescending) look on his face.
“Mary. Thank you for sharing this with me. I know how much courage it took.” He gently squeezed her hand.
He had followed through on his resolve. Had taken the all the advice that had been freely heaped upon him, and put it into action, firmly refusing himself to start second-guessing.Not unexpectedly, the people on his list had turned out to be big fans of Gabe. That was the reaction he usually elicited, Sherlock had learnt through the years.
John wasn’t used to hearing Sherlock say this, it had only happened a few times and only recently. He felt tears coming into his eyes. He smiled back.
Something shifts in the room, Sherlock can feel it happening. John is sitting very still, but Sherlock, who has had two fingers below John’s jaw for a while, noticed when his pulse spiked.
He got back on top of Sherlock, and thought briefly that this was quickly turning out to be his favorite position to be in with Sherlock. He had access to touch him practically everywhere, and also had a great visual of the most important parts. He combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, then moved them to touch those small hard nipples again. Sherlock shivered at the touch.
It was John. He was lying on top of him now, their bodies almost flat against each other but John must be supporting some of his weight somehow because it didn’t feel as heavy as it should. The shift in position severely restricted Sherlock’s ability to move his arm and hand, but he liked this, really did, so he held his hand still and they both kept pushing into it.
But of course Sherlock still noticed every little detail about John, and he had quickly picked up on the fact that there was something slightly different with John’s behaviour tonight.
Waves of need, arousal, elation, gratitude and sorrow, all mixed together like colours in a glass of water.
Apparently, there was something particular, some especially important paper that he needed to find, and when Sherlock had told him that, John had just laughed out loud.
”Alright,” she said. ”See the restaurant across the street? I’ll tell them they can find you both there. But you cannot leave, understood?”
John doesn’t recognise anyone, nothing but unfamiliar faces. So different from how it used to be, before. No-one seems to even notice him as he trails behind Sally and Sherlock, under the blue and white police tape, and up to what appears to be the commander at the scene. It’s a man in his fifties, John thinks he looks like he knows what he’s doing.
Under him, Sherlock was moaning; a constant string of needy, high pitched sounds, waxing and waning in rhythm with how John was moving into him. Sherlock had his head thrown back, chin tilted up towards the ceiling, his pale, long neck so beautifully exposed.
It took John a moment to compose himself enough to respond. He was aware that the words had sent his pulse absolutely racing.
Sometimes, he’d close his eyes and back track the path in his memory, all the way back, standing in the lab at Bart’s, looking up and seeing John for the very first time. When he did, he would always feel a strange sense of wonder about the fact that he was able to pin point the exact moment in which his life had changed.
There were people talking in his room. One was definitely Mycroft. Who were the other two? They kept their voices down, he tried to make out what they were saying.
John said nothing but Mary immediately replied. ”Oh please do, that would be great!” she exclaimed, perhaps trying to make up for John’s crazy behavior. ”Let’s ask for two more chairs!”
John takes Sherlock’s hand, pushes it against his erection. Sherlock wraps his hand around his cock, feels the hardness beneath the fabric.
”Come here, then,” he says, scooting in against the wall, Sherlock can see him folding down the duvet.
But first, he needs to get the rest of the Baker Street flat back into shape again. Back to how it used to be. Second; get Sherlock to eat a bit more, better, and on a somewhat more regular basis. Hell, his own eating habits could really need some work as well.
Dr. Riyat was talking so gently, but still so neutral. No obvious display of emotion. Sherlock really appreciated that.
As he did, and purely by accident, one of his bare feet came into contact with Sherlock’s equally sockless one. It sent what felt like an electrical shock throughout his body. He immediately removed his foot.
“Doctor... Watson, was it. While it seems you acted out of moral obligation, I strongly suggest you leave matters like this to the park rangers, next time.”
It was like his blood was carbonated, he felt all fizzy inside. When he caught his own reflection in the window across the aisle, he realized he was smiling.
Stops outside the doorway when he hears voices. Ah. Caroline. And John. Stayed at the house to clear up after the late (but not late enough) breakfast.
Not having to deal with the constant ache and apprehension that came from knowing it could end at any time if the other person found themselves a good enough date.
Being a surgeon again, at an emergency trauma unit no less, had indeed turned out to be a perfect fit for an ex-soldier like John Watson. He thrived on the unpredictability, the life-or-death drama, the race against the clock. Got a fix from it, actually.
John was back on top of Sherlock, straddling him, his legs on either side of Sherlock’s thighs to support his weight. Sherlock watched him in amazement.
John realized he should be glad, for Sherlock’s sake. And of course he was, in a way. Was enormously grateful that Sherlock seemed to have been able to put the drugs behind him, that he’d gotten back on his feet again. He ought to be thrilled to see that he was doing fine.
”Honey, no. You should not feel bad about that. We all say things now and then that we don’t mean, when we’re upset. I’ve done it, too. Lots of times.”
John had briefly thought about this just a moment earlier, but then, in his strong excitement, decided that the risks were so vanishingly slim. Sherlock would never expose him to danger, and he knew he was clean himself. But now, he felt very grateful that one of them had had the courage and presence to think straight.
That thin but strong body, like a roman statue. Those slender hands that could dissect a cadaver without a tremble but also play the violin so beautifully it brought tears to your eyes. His lips… his lips that looked so soft and probably would feel really nice to taste…
Every minute John had to himself - on the bus to work, on his coffee break, in the shower (Mary had commented with a smirk the long time that John had started to spend in there), in bed at night when Mary was asleep - John let his thoughts go to Sherlock.
”Look. I just meant that- I know you must think that my reason for not mentioning- um, this- was a desire to conceal personal matters from you - such as my partner preference, or my sexual history.”
Feels an urgency to the point of desperation, because what if this is something that will only happen once in his life? Doesn’t have a clue how this came about, but knows that
”Ow!” Sherlock couldn’t hold back the exclamation, because it had burned quite a lot more than he had expected.
John tilts forward, his hands on Sherlock’s hips. Begins to place wet kisses on his stomach. Obviously it’s not possible to be quiet when he’s doing
Mike stumbled on his words, cheeks now even pinker, then threw his hands up in the air in a defeated gesture. ”Oh what the fuck John. What I’m trying to say is this: Did Sherlock ever tell you he.. you know. Swings the other way?"
It had been a way of escaping the brutal intensity of his grief, back then. Again and again, he’d been thinking about it -
On Thursday the following week, John texted Mike Stamford to ask if he wanted to meet up for lunch. He was desperate to find out more about what was going on with Sherlock, and Mike would probably have at least some small bit of information. They met at the sandwich place close to the hospital, took their food to go and went to sit down in the park nearby.
”Well,” Sherlock says. ”We can’t know what’ll ’appen, can we? But I can make sure to get yous a proper attorney. And ya know what, Danny?”
Sherlock fleetingly considered the possibility that perhaps he HAD gone mad and maybe none of this was real? To be fair, that would be equally if not more probable that the alternative that it WAS; that John really was there at Baker Street, kissing him.
”Good,” whispered Sherlock. ”But when I said I was rather good, I was referring to something specific. Can you guess, John?” And then he actually bent down to lick the entire length of John’s dick, as he, apparently, waited in John’s reply.
He allowed himself to inhale the scent of John’s hair, squeezed him harder. And as he did, John pulled him even closer, buried his face in Sherlock’s neck. Hot air hitting Sherlock’s skin, sending a rush down his spine, and then-
”Oh Sherlock,” said John. It ached, hearing him say those words. He moved his hand, placed it carefully on Sherlock’s arm. He didn’t react.
Sherlock had loved when John cooked for him, John knew it and that was, naturally, a major factor in his decision to make something tonight. When he had been living at Baker Street, he’d made sure to cook at least one night of the weekend. When John was busing himself in the kitchen, Sherlock would usually end up in there as well, perched up on a chair, his back leaned against the wall.
“From the way it was looking, I think the living part can be debated,” John said, and Sherlock heard himself making a strangled sound in an effort not to laugh.
Maybe he loved her more than Sherlock had realized. Maybe a woman was what John ultimately needed and wanted. Not gay, after all.
”That was quite something, my friend.” Greg climbs up in the ambulance, sits down next to Sherlock, pulls him into a big hug. ”Thank you. Thank you Sherlock. I knew you could do it.”
But he could still fulfill his unspoken promise to John, the promise to free Mary so that John could be free with her, too.
John got back into bed, and Sherlock felt the by now automatic, anticipative tingling response to John’s scent, to John’s body so close to his. But this time, John didn’t put his arms around him, and Sherlock didn’t move.
”Sherlock,” he began. ”I know you said you wanted us to skip the Christmas presents. And you don’t have to think of this as that, even. But I do have a little something that I want to give you.”
’Meeting Mike at the pub, might be late.’ He hesitated before signing. Usually they would put ’I love you” at the end but that seemed weird now. He simply wrote ’John’. He left the note on the counter right next to the kitchen sink, Mary was sure to see it there.
Or, and his pulse picked up speed at the thought, was Sherlock hurt in some way? Was he in pain, and was that why he was making those sounds?
John could really visualize it. He'd had these thoughts about Sherlock before, ever so fleetingly, never really allowed himself to indulge in them. But now, here – this was a different story.
Exasperated, he walked down to the sitting room again, took a moment to consider the next step. He intensely wished he had his phone.
When John got up to use the lavatory, he wobbled into the table and almost tipped over a glass of wine. He realized he was clearly drunk, more so than he had expected.
John leans back into his seat again, puts his sock-clad feet up on the table. ”I don’t think I’m in a position to judge. It’s been a long day. Especially for you, Sherlock.”
”And definitely a bit obnoxious from time to time,” John leaned in very close and on the next kiss, he let his tongue touch Sherlock’s for the briefest of moment.
The photo is taken with the camera pointing down, so that he’s only visible from his chest down. John can’t stop looking, takes in all the small details. His feet are crossed at the ankles. He’s wearing a pair of pyjama bottoms in some sort of tartan pattern, grey slippers on his otherwise bare feet. Precariously placed between his knees is a wine glass, half full. His laptop is right next to him on the bed, screen saver with some sort of DNA spiral on apparently. On a small plate, also placed in his lap, is a rather large pile of what looks like an assortment of chocolate truffles, grapes and Brie cheese.
Not restricted by his jeans anymore, John got up on the chair with Sherlock, straddled him, leaned forward to kiss his neck. He was beginning to feel a desperate need for release.
”Yeah,” John said, then he actually felt it got too much for him to handle. Maybe he shouldn’t, but he needed a break from this, right now this second.
“You're gorgeous,” John said, barely recognizing his own voice. He tried to clear it, because it felt difficult to speak. “Absolute perfection.”
Mouth dry. Behind his eyes, a dull, throbbing ache. Sherlock turns around in the bed; away from the window to face the wall instead. Pulls the duvet over his head but has to resurface when a wave of nausea hits him. Sweat beading on his forehead. Needs air.
John had let his head fall back into the pillow, closed his eyes as he was trying to catch his breath and regain some sort of consciousness. He was drawn out of his coma-like state by Sherlock, still on his knees in between John's legs, but now leaning forward, his upper body hovering over John's. He had that distant, hazy look in his eyes and he was holding his own cock, stroking it desperately.
”I only needed it for a quick experiment. I was trying to establish the rate of disintegration in sulfuric acid, given a certain set of circumstances. I’d had to pay the night guard at the morgue good money to get it, too, you know. Molly can be absolutely impossible sometimes. But it was a big guy, far too heavy to get up the stairs at Baker Street, and Gabe was away for the week, so I took it to Knightsbridge instead.”
As he gets ready to get out, a flood of memories from Afghanistan washes over him. He thinks about the many times he’s taken care of soldiers with these exact symptoms - the tremors, the chills, the unresponsiveness. Thinks about what he knows by heart - to never leave a person in shock unattended.
She puts it down on the coffee table with a heavy thump, squeezes in to sit down next to John in the sofa.
“To be honest,” she began, “I don't know exactly what happened tonight. I had dozed off in front of the telly, and all of a sudden, I wake up to Sherlock throwing an absolute fit upstairs. I went up, but you know – it was just too much for me to handle...”
”How are you?” The question is asked out of politeness, and he returns the favour. A bit stiff, still, but he much prefers that to the viciousness that had basically become a habit before they moved apart.
John was drawn back to the present by Sherlock suddenly placing his hand on John's hip, then wriggling it down under John's jeans, running it over the swell of his arse. The sensation of his warm palm through the thin cotton of his pants, made John's dick quickly come back to the rock hard state that it had been for the last thirty minutes.
”And guess who’s here, John!” he said in a sing-song voice to John’s ear, quiet but still loud enough for John to hear over the music. Greg leaned back and met John’s eyes, smiled suggestively, and John damned himself for blushing.
When Sherlock dizzily shook his head, John started to quickly unbutton. In an amazed blur, Sherlock watched John tear off his shirt and undershirt.
John bent his knees slightly and let his legs fall apart, and Sherlock made an appreciative noise. His hand was back on John’s cock again, and he moved his left hand to cup his balls, weighed them in his hand as he kept stroking, now with a twisting motion at the top which made John groan.
He dialed Mycroft's emergency number, got voice mail. So much for his bloody talk about always picking up, John thought angrily.
On the news, they had talked about a blizzard approaching tonight, and John had tried to finish up at the clinic quick in order to make it home before it hit with full force.
It makes him feel… not alone. Makes him feel like someone who is worth something. John’s here with him. And this time, there’s no Mary, and no other stupid girlfriend either for that matter. Although-
His instinct is to get up, to get away from there. He wants to leave. He doesn’t want to sleep with her, but he also doesn’t want her to know about that, because - she’s a very nice, sweet, pretty woman and surely this is just some temporary lapse from his side.
John couldn’t be quiet at the touch, and the sight of Sherlock touching him there was overwhelming. Overwhelming in every way.
Sherlock grabs his T-shirt to wipe his hand, his stomach. Wipes John’s hand too, sees John smile when he does.
”God Sherlock, god, I’m in your mouth, oh fuck it feels so good baby,” he rambled on, not bothering to censor his words anymore. It was absolutely unbelievable. He was lying naked on his back, getting a blow job from Sherlock Holmes.
Both he and Sherlock were now laughing so hard, and John felt a great, wonderful warmth beginning to spread in his chest.
”Of course I didn’t,” John says, smiling gently. ”But I wanted to. I have to tell you, Sherlock, coming here, being here with you. If you don’t mind me saying- but it still feels like home.”
”It overwhelmed you,” the therapist said, as a statement and not a question. ”The pain you felt when you thought you’d been rejected by this person that you love.”
John sat back and listened as the woman he had married told him, for the first time, about her past.
They’re dark brown with some sort of fur lining, but he honestly doesn’t have the faintest idea of what else to make of that. Sherlock would of course have been able to deduce her entire life story from them. John gets.. a bit fuzzy inside, when he thinks about it.
John thought he must have dozed off in the sofa, because he was startled by Sherlock coming into back into the sitting room from the kitchen, talking on the phone.
Sherlock’s feet are sockless and before John can stop himself, he’s put a hand on one of them. ”God, you’re still cold as ice. Why didn’t you put some socks on?” He looks around, finds a discarded sweater, wraps it around Sherlock’s feet. ”There.” He looks at Sherlock again, feels a pinch of sadness in his chest.
”Oh, Sherlock,” John says. He’s stroking the upper side of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb now. The touch is very comforting. Gives him the strength to express the thing he’s fought the hardest to forget.
Only after a while did he start to think more about the part of not contacting Sherlock. What the hell was that about? His hands were trembling to the point where he could barely use them. It took several attempts to write the new message.
Sherlock heard the clicking sound from the lube bottle again, and then winced a little at the cold sensation as John was applying a generous amount inside and around his already sensitive hole. John pushed in two fingers again, they slid in without resistance this time.
”No,” John says, shaking his head. He takes another step into Sherlock’s space, puts both hands on his arms, gently holding them there. There’s something odd going on with John’s hands, because just as before, Sherlock feels his body relaxing at his mere touch.
More blood rushing to his groin at John’s words. Moans, presses his fingernails into the skin on John’s arm.
Sally had done a double take at the sight of John, and on recognition raised her eyebrows pointedly. ”Well if it isn’t the Ghost of Christmas Past,” was all she’d said, not smiling. Then she’d turned back to Sherlock again. ”I’ll brief you on the way."
He sat up at the edge of his seat, and then, in a swift motion, leaned over the space between them and put his hand firmly down between Sherlock's legs. As he had suspected, he felt his cock hard underneath the trousers. Sherlock gasped loudly, the sound filled the otherwise silent room.
A man comes up and gestures questioningly about the empty chair at his table; John nods a distracted yes.
”It’s getting a bit loud in here. Would you perhaps want to go somewhere else, sit down, grab a coffee?”
John was overcome with an intense rush of happy gratefulness. He was so very grateful for the fact that Sherlock was his, now. That he'd chosen John.
that bloke? he wondered, curious but simultaneously annoyed with the burning feeling of jealousy that shot through him.
”He’s lucky to have you,” one of the unfamiliar voices said. ”But things like these are difficult for the family, as well. You should really try to get yourself some rest, Sir. He’s out of danger now.”
Was John thinking about fucking him? He must be. Would he want to do it? Most likely, since John had a high sexual drive and a fairly flexible personality.
”Sherlock! For fuck’s sake!” John looks up, his eyes shining, and the position they’re in brings vivid images to Sherlock’s mind of another situation where John could possibly look up at him like that.
He got her phone number, then started to jog towards the southern part of the park, closer to Baker Street. Approaching Boating Lake, an area where the open parkland turned a little more dense with trees, Sherlock heard a dog barking. The bark was consistent with the breed as well as the size and age of this particular dog. He sped up and kept moving in the direction of the sound.
Sherlock looks a bit lost, John thinks. Still not used to praise and kind words, not sure what to say.
The worst part was that he had actually thought John was going to do it. Had allowed himself to trust that John was going to show up, a bit roughed up but relieved to be there.
Stood in front of Sherlock, posture straight, shoulders back. A soldier’s power stance, drilled into John’s entire being until it was completely automatic in threatening situations.
John figured that this in all likelihood was going to be a very brief affair, however he went about it. He quickly pulled off Sherlock's trousers and pants, tossed them aside next to the chair, then turned back to look at Sherlock again.
Then, Sherlock slowly moved, released John’s cock, but kept his mouth so impossibly close to it still. It felt cold and frustrating, but John guessed it was for some kind of reason. He was right.
For years, Sherlock had been fantasizing about this. Imagined all the different scenarios of where and how. Often, he’d pictured it happening in the adrenaline rush after a solved case, how John would pin him to the wall and kiss him roughly. John’s tongue would feel hard and wet and hot against his own-
He got up from the bed. Sherlock's eyes were transfixed on his naked body and John felt a little bit self-conscious. He'd never before walked around completely starkers in their common areas of the flat, and certainly not sporting a massive erection. As fast as he could, he made his exit from the bedroom, and smiled when he heard Sherlock mumble a few frustrated protests about his temporary departure.
Sherlock turned to lie on his side, buried his face completely in the pillow. He felt the fabric get wet.
They drank their coffee in silence, basked in the lovely warmth of the August morning sun. In a few weeks time, summer would be drawing to a close and they’d move back to Baker Street. But right now, nature in Sussex Downs was really at it’s peak. Birds singing, an explosion of green everywhere, the bees in the hives already out and working hard.
John let his hands slide down Sherlock’s arms, squeezed them briefly, then let go. Stood back, and suddenly, Sherlock felt freezing cold.
. If there was one thing John was fairly certain he had never done, it was to have sex that wasn’t entirely consensual. He closes his eyes against the thought, as if that could help.
They lie frozen next to each other in the sofa. Sherlock can tell by the weight of the steps and the the pattern of movement that it’s Daddy, and Christ, can’t these old people
John sat up again. He gave Sherlock’s cock another teasing stroke, and smiled as Sherlock shivered under his touch. He quickly undid Sherlock’s belt, button and zipper, then gripped the waistband of the trousers on both sides of his hips.
”A bit strange and unpredictable, you can’t deny it,” John whispered teasingly against Sherlock’s lips.
John couldn’t say anything, didn’t do anything, because to be honest, he wasn’t even capable of thinking at this point. The only thing he managed to do, was to stare at what was unraveling before him.
”Perhaps you would like to come with me, say hello? You’ve actually already met her, once. We could take an evening stroll through Regent’s. I think you’ll like her.”
It was an ocean during a storm, it flooded him, waves crashing and breaking over him as he was in his bed and John was next to him and Sherlock had his hand wrapped tight around them both, and John was pushing into it and it made Sherlock feel like his entire body was on fire.
John pulls Sherlock’s head down, prods into his mouth again and Sherlock meets him. Tongue licking tongue. Sherlock’s lips: wet with saliva, his and John’s. When John lets out a very quiet moan, it goes straight to Sherlock’s cock, straining against the restriction of his trousers.
If Sherlock could flirt, there certainly was no reason he couldn’t allow himself to do it a little, as well.
The other man was face to face with Sherlock, he seemed to be saying something. He had lowered his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders to the sides of his arms, and was stroking them up and down, then giving them a brisk pat and releasing him.
Finally, John lifted his head, held it up so that they were face to face. Sherlock met John's eyes and saw that they were dark with arousal. When John spoke, still staring into Sherlock's eyes, his voice was thick and raspy.
”There’s a McDonald’s right down the street. Get me three Big Tasty, one without onion; three large fries, one regular Coke and two Diet, and make it quick.”
At the fresh produce section, the intoxicating scent of fresh thyme hit him, and John suddenly decided to make a pasta in addition to what he had already picked up.
Even though Sherlock seemed to have progressed, learned a lot more about emotions, his own as well as others’, he still was, well, Sherlock. Certain things one would take for granted from other people, just couldn’t be expected from him.
But now. An enforced stillness, a pause he was not prepared for. The car ride will take at least fifty minutes, and it’s decided that John is going to go with Sherlock, and Mycroft will go with Mary, and Sherlock is not sure John understands why. He’ll have to brief him soon enough, but not now. Not now.
”Let me make this alright again,” John mumbled to his ear. ”If you want me, I will spend every moment I have to try to make this up to you.”
A pinging sound; John’s text alert. The sound that has been driving Sherlock mad, these last two days and- who has John been texting? Sherlock has just pushed it away - didn’t want to think about it, but-
He had come to the realization only when he had lost him. Lost him first once, and then once again. John was thoroughly done with losing Sherlock. There would be no more of that.
He sees the typing bubble, appearing and disappearing, for almost five minutes. But no text comes. He begins to regret writing it, but then firmly decides not to dwell on it. He crawls in under the covers, falls asleep with a fluttering feeling inside.
”They were inseparable, right from the start. That dog followed him everywhere, slept in his bed. But then, there was the accident…” She pauses briefly.
Sherlock was beginning to make his way down alongside John’s chest, kissing it here and there as he moved. He was still lying on his side next to John, and eventually he had moved so far down that his head was level with John’s crotch.
John inhaled, and the unmistakable scent of male arousal sent spikes of want through his entire body. He hadn't done this in years and years. Had not felt the desire to have sex with another man, not since those couple of drunken nights in college, and he had most certainly never felt it as strongly as he did for Sherlock in this very moment.
It was warm, and light, and it was shining and sparkling, and it was John, and his lips were pressing against Sherlock’s again, a little bit harder this time, and oh god. Oh god he was placing a light kiss on Sherlock’s upper lip, and then gently pulling on Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it in, then releasing.
”Fine, whatever,” said the young man. ”You seem to be doing such a spectacular job at helping yourself, so, by all means, leave.”
He grabbed Sherlock by the hand, and led the way down the corridor past the kitchen and into Sherlock’s bedroom. He ripped away the cover and the duvet, and then gently lowered Sherlock down on the bed. He guided his head to the pillow, stroked a stray lock of hair out of his eyes and shot him a smile. He felt so happy he could cry when Sherlock returned it.
”Smart move to drink water. The last time we were out like this together, I recall that we woke up in the drunk tank.”
There was not enough air in the room, he couldn't stay still. He went into the bathroom, splashed some water in his face, watched his tired, unshaven reflexion in the mirror.
Seven days, eight hours and fifteen minutes, to be exact. The torture in Serbia had been easy compared to seven days and eight hours and fifteen minutes locked up with no one and nothing to save him from his spiraling desperation.
He gathers all the courage he can find and looks up to meet John’s eyes. It feels oddly liberating. He feels - good. Really good. He has been saved from his suicide mission, and here he is, for once being absolutely honest and vulnerable, and so far, he is surviving that, too. He looks straight back into John’s eyes when he replies.
Since waking up, Sherlock had been trying to deal with conflicting emotions regarding John. Having to waste his resources dealing with emotions, he thought, was bad enough; dealing with conflicting emotions, decidedly worse.
Looking at John, it made him feel so strange inside, and yet so perfectly right. Warm, lovely, wonderful. Everything was.
By now, he was completely hard. John kept holding him down; he leaned forward and kissed his neck, let his teeth scrape it. Sherlock felt a drop of pre-cum trickle down his shaft, landing at the soft skin at the base. He’d made a last minute decision to get rid of his pubic hair completely at his most recent waxing appointment, and John had seemed to like it, once he’d gotten over his initial shock that a bloke would actually go to someone for his
In the chair next to him, Mycroft is looking equally deflated. ”My God, why hast thou forsaken me,” John hears him mutter as Mrs Holmes flips though the pages.
On Wednesday, sitting by his desk on his lunch break, John couldn’t hold back any longer. He picked up his phone and started to type.
The whirling feeling inside Sherlock grows stronger. He squeezes his hand harder around John’s fist, fucks into it once, twice and then stills as his entire body tenses up and he’s coming in hard pulses between their bodies.
. John had gotten angry with him for saying so, but really, it was how it was meant to be, and Sherlock just couldn’t fathom why John was suddenly resisting so many of those things that had used to make them
”Sit up a bit for me, John,” demanded Sherlock, and John turned from his side to his back and scooted up along the bed until he was half sitting against the headboard, a large pillow behind his back and head.
A new spike of worry shoots though his chest when he thinks about this again, for the hundredth time since it happened. Because he’s almost certain John was on a date, two days ago. He deduced it from the texts John sent, together with what he didn’t say when he mentioned his evening plans for that day.
Fingers now wet with spit, John pulled them out of Sherlock's mouth and rapidy reached around him, and in a firm motion, let his fingers find their way in between Sherlock's buttocks. When Sherlock threw his head back and let a shaky exhale escape his lips, John put both fingertips on Sherlock's hole, spreading the spit around it.
”You’re so fucking beautiful,” John whispered to him, still gazing into his eyes. Sherlock felt the muscles in his body starting to tremble, particularly so his legs. Maybe it was from the physical exertion, but it felt like there was more to it, as well.
”And everybody else knew! Mycroft knew, Molly knew, the entire fucking homeless network knew, but how I felt apparently didn’t matter!”
Already, there had been one phone call from Lestrade, telling him to come get Sherlock at the hospital after he’d gotten a concussion. Some guy had attacked him and Sherlock hadn’t managed to fend him off in time. John knew that wouldn’t be the last time something like it happened, either.
The evening has dragged on forever; in fact, this day feels more like a week, and Sherlock can’t wait for the others to finally just go away. But when, at last, Mycroft and Caroline say goodnight and disappear upstairs, Sherlock realises that now there’s just John and him left in the sitting room - and that, in all likelihood, means he’s going to have to finish what he started on their walk.
John begins to rub along Sherlock’s arm. Up, down, up again. His palm radiating warmth through the cotton of Sherlock’s shirt. It’s a soothing touch, grounding.
”How do you know about that stupid- That’s not. It’s not-” John’s voice trails off because, really, there’s not so much he can say. It’s just that there are so many things he didn’t know about. Thinks again that he’s been so fucking blind.
”For everything. For not getting in touch. For the way I left. For, um. What I did, before-” John stops and a long stretch of silence follows, since Sherlock really can’t form a proper reply. Images pop up in his mind, scattered memories of being high as a kite. Of John, kicking him. Of- he squeezes his eyes shut, tries to push them away. Yes, he has wanted this apology. It’s welcome, even though he’s not able to say so. Not able to say anything, really.
Sherlock recognized the signs of John getting close to climax, too. It seemed like he had deduced this a few moments before John realized it himself, because shortly after, John froze.
”John, are you alright?” asked Mary, ever the perceptive one. John had to struggle with himself to speak.
It was as if the meeting of their lips, their mouths, their tongues, unleashed all of the built up desire that John had been holding back for so long, and he wondered if maybe Sherlock had the same reaction. It certainly felt like that. They were both moving together, clinging to one another like two people lost at sea, one person the other’s only hope for salvation. Maybe that was exactly what they were.
He was not surprised when he saw it, but still felt that surge of adrenaline as he came across the scene. There was a taxi, parked right on the crosswalk, it’s engine turned off but headlights still beaming, one door left open.
“Alright, yeah. So, um. The thing that you were going to say. Am I right in thinking that it was… what I think it was?”
And then John is grinning big, looking out of the window on his side of the car, and Sherlock is turned towards the window on his own side, and he has his gaze fixed on the still sleeping fields outside and his mind is not racing, and isn’t that odd.
”Headset!” Sherlock shouts back, and almost instantly, two people are fitting him with a small headset, placing a phone in his coat pocket, and Sherlock drops the megaphone to the ground.
John had fallen asleep again, with his face buried in Sherlock’s hair. When he woke up, Sherlock was not there. John listened for sounds from the bathroom, but when there were none, he quickly put on his pants and undershirt and made his way out in the sitting room. Empty.
Maybe at some point, he’d have to tell him. John exhaled, tried to think of something - anything - else.
With alcohol and arousal both working against him, John felt that he was beginning to lose his ability to take it nice and slow, as he had promised himself. He let go of Sherlock's wrists, and slid off his body to lay down next to him instead. In a decisive motion, he grabbed Sherlock's muscular thigh and pulled it over his own. He put one hand on the nape of Sherlock's neck, kissed him, and then put the index and middle finger of his other hand into Sherlock's mouth, encouraging him to suck them. The visual of this made John's dick twitch.
But of course he could never shut up, no, not when John would first try to plea with him, coax him, but then become angry, his voice tenser, his breathing more controlled. And as expected, John had used his trump card.
Over dinner, conversation floated effortlessly, greatly helped by Mark’s offbeat humor and constant laughing. He asked John about his work, politely choosing not to push John with questions about Afghanistan, and the four of them talked briefly about Anna. Mary showed pictures on her phone, and everyone gushed over the cute baby.
He heard steps approaching. Mrs. Hudson opened the door, wrapped in a purple dressing gown, looking ten years older than usual. John immediately knew something was very, very wrong.
He desperately longed to see him, but at the same time, worried about it. Had no idea of how such a meeting might turn out, and he was afraid it would tear open the wounds that hadn't really even begun to heal.
Sherlock is getting hard again, wet glans protruding through retracted foreskin. Encouraged by this sight, John turns up his pace just a little bit.
John’s trailing along, one foot behind, and Sherlock wonders if it’s a deliberate attempt to prevent him from being able to read his face.
Sherlock stepped into character and returned Mark’s smile with a big, teethy grin. Mark sat down and slapped his hand against the table in an excited gesture. ”’
He'd have a glass of Bordeaux in his hand, nibble on things he’d steal from the chopping board, and would be more relaxed and unguarded than John ever saw him otherwise.
Sherlock laughed; a soft, rumbling laugh, and John felt a great, warm happiness unfolding in his chest.
It seemed more probable that this was some kind of drug-induced hallucination, actually. But fortunately, luckily, amazingly enough, he knew it was real. It was real and happening, and his whole body was tingling with love and happiness and arousal.
The desk had been cleared of the stacks of papers that had been there. Had Sherlock been tidying up? But then John's eyes fell on the documents, scattered below the desk, all over the floor. The sight made him quite uneasy.
John picked up fresh pasta, a carton of double cream, a small cut of tenderloin and some garlic; chose a bottle of red wine that Sherlock liked, then headed for the register. Tonight he was going to make a rich, fragrant pasta dish, a perfect match for the day after. Not that he expected Sherlock to eat much, the small tidbits of cheese and cured ham would surely be enough.
”SHIT!” John suddenly shouted out, completely startled. There was something wet and icy cold touching him right in the small of his back. He swung around and was met by something even worse - a big wet lick of a dog’s tongue right across his face.
After a moment that seemed to stretch out forever, Sherlock looked up, met his eyes, spoke with a very quiet voice, not much more than a mumble.
But despite the utter annoyance of all this, John had still felt mostly happy about it. Happy, because just before he'd gotten into the car for his lift back home, Mycroft had stopped him.
His robe had come undone, he wrapped it tight around himself. Didn’t know where to look so he turned his eyes down into the floor. Noticed he was shivering.
. He’s said it. John becomes aware that he has averted his eyes, so he looks up again. Sees that Sherlock’s cheeks are now wet from silent tears. Hears him breathing much too fast, notices that his hands and legs are trembling.
gained speed, Sherlock averted his eyes, buried his face in John’s neck. He felt a blush starting to spread across his cheeks, and regret building in his chest.
”Next YEAR?” Rosie says indignantly, then understands. Clever, clever little girl, John thinks proudly.
But instead the man quickly got rid of his shoes and socks, unfastened his belt, and then continued to climb up on the chair, smiling, straddling Sherlock, wrapped his arms around him and kissed him.
He grabbed his jacket and ran out the front door. The 15 minutes before the car showed up was pure torture. Finally it arrived.
”Is fuckin’ arlas, is wha it is!” The kid’s voice is angry, John feels the worry intensify again. He thinks that this, what Sherlock is doing right now, is like walking a tight rope.
John felt an odd sense of detachment coming over him, which was tremendously helpful since it allowed him to take a step back from this situation.
”Don’t worry.” John hears his own voice all hoarse, raspy. He shifts his body weight to press forward, and is surprised by the unreal sensation of his glans slipping past Sherlock’s ring of muscles. They both groan, loudly, and John sees Sherlock’s mouth form into an o as he tries to control his breathing and muscles. John is using all the self control he has left to keep still.
. This cannot be allowed to happen, not now, not after five bloody years of being apart. Sherlock takes a deep breath, steels himself, then goes up to John and the people who are now talking to him. When he approaches, John looks up at him, shoots him a big smile, then comes up to stand right next to him even though he’s still engaged in some dreadful conversation. Sherlock’s shoulders drop slightly. Not alone.
Sherlock thought that a pro bono case with a missing dog, albeit one with a murderous streak, really didn't make the cut, didn't even rate as a one, frankly. But he was in an excellent mood, and had nowhere in particular to be.
”I see you’ve taken up boxing,” Sherlock said. ”And you’ve gotten a promotion. Chief physician of the Trauma Unit, that’s fantastic John. Congratulations.”
John took a moment to observe the man slumped down on the bar stool next to him. He was obviously hurting, too. Christ, what a mess.
”You’re doing so well,” John’s voice is raspy and breathy. ”You’re taking my dick so beautifully, feels so good-”  He revels in the sounds Sherlock is making; a waxing and waning, moans of arousal and whimpers of needy submission.
”Yes! That’s what I told him, too!” said Sherlock, clearly not picking up on the irony in John’s words. ”So then he got back, and, yes, well.”
”Is right Danny,” Sherlock replies. ”I’m sendin’ in two burgers, two fries. Yous take one, give one to Greg, let ’im go first.”
Harry had seen it, though, despite his frantic efforts to conceal it. Had teased him about it, relentlessly, when they were still living under the same roof. And he had hated her for it; hated her with a burning intensity he’d rarely felt neither before nor after.
They slowly manage to squeeze their way through the masses, past the bright lights and the cosmetics counter with the heavy scent of perfume in the air. Finally make it to the Asian restaurant at the fifth floor. Sit down at an empty table in a corner. John orders food, Sherlock only has a glass of red wine. Impossible to eat anything right now, obviously.
John’s emotions, thoughts and motives regarding Sherlock continued to elude him, and it was maddening.
The man was simply gorgeous, that much anyone could see, fit like a race horse, with those full lips, and silvery eyes you could get lost in. He was clearly capable of passion, despite the aloof exterior - what with the composing and dancing and crime solving. Furthermore, he was also, as it had turned out, attracted to men.
”Well I haven’t heard a bloody thing about you,” John muttered, causing Mary to this time kick his leg under the table.
Sherlock felt like he wanted to hit John, shout at him, shake him. Instead, he just turned his back to him, sat on his knees on the mattress. Slowly, he let the open shirt glide down off his shoulders, reached his hands back to free himself from the sleeves, took it all off. He kept his eyes closed.
”John,” Sherlock says, his voice strained. He is staring into John’s eyes with a look that John has never seen on him before. ”Fuck me, fuck me, I need it, I need you-”
”Yes, that’s it,” John whispers. ”Good boy.” Sherlock’s mouth fall slack. ”You feel amazing, so fucking perfect-”
John had seen it before, but only as slides on a powerpoint presentation, in preparation of his deployment, at a lecture aimed to teach him about the things he might encounter.
He was too restless to sit down, so he simply got inside and then waited, stood in parade rest with his hands interlocked behind his straightened back, prepared for anything.
He casts a brief glance back at John, gets confirmation that he indeed has a lot of things on his mind, but also, that he is holding back. Unsure of what he can and cannot ask, perhaps.
And then he stood back and watched as Sherlock called for the dog. It didn’t come. Sherlock kept calling. The dog was, not surprisingly, nowhere in sight.
This was all so wrong! He felt trapped in some sort of hazy bubble, and then, a sudden realisation hit him like a blow to the head:
No, on the contrary, what dominated John’s mind at this moment, was a fluttering, soaring feeling of happiness. Maybe it’s not impossible after all, he thought. Could it be? Could it be he still had a chance?
”Not quite yet love, I don’t want to hurt you,” he said, and then Sherlock felt the fingertip of John’s ring finger gently push at his opening.
, John thought fleetingly as they made their way to a table near the window and close to a hot radiator.
”Excuse us for a while, John,” Gabe mumbled and then took Sherlock by the hand and began to drag him away into the thick crowd. As they left, Sherlock turned his head to look at John; a thousand unspoken questions in his eyes.
”Not happening,” said John. He wasn’t amused anymore by this, because now he really, really, wanted to get back to the action with Sherlock. He got up from the bed, grabbed the dog’s collar.
Sometimes he thought that it was the years living with John that had ruined it for him. Made it impossible to go back to the one man island where he had been so comfortable before.
Mary, Charlotte and Mark were all watching with great curiosity the two men standing by their table. They were both handsome, but together they made quite a striking appearance.
He felt tears coming into his eyes, again, he couldn’t help it. He knew perfectly well what this must have demanded from Sherlock, not only in making it happen but also in making the decision to welcome Anna to Baker Street.
If John happened to have brought home a whole chicken, Sherlock would come up close to hover behind him, commenting and criticizing his technique of disjointing it, then returning to the kitchen chair. He would be chatting away about cases, telling him about odd things he’d read in his scientific journals, and making John describe rare medical symptoms and let Sherlock guess the disease.
”Thanks Sherlock,” John says, and is about to say something else when suddenly a police car comes around the corner in high speed, sirens on, making a sharp stop right next to them out on the street. The darkened window on the passenger side rolls down.
Charlotte was beautiful in an different sort of way, John thought. She was tall and slender, a bit too thin for John’s taste perhaps, with long dark hair that she wore in a sleek pony tail. She was dressed in a simple back dress, and he noticed her delicate hands, short fingernails painted red. A chunky bracelet thing around her wrist was her only piece of jewelry except for the impossible-to-miss diamond wedding ring .
“Well, offing small furry animals is generally frowned upon in our society,” Sherlock replied, trying very hard to not break out laughing. He saw John was fighting the same thing.
But Gabriel just shrugged, his composure perfectly calm, and his eyes fixed on John.  ”Well, in that case, I’d say we’d better change that,” he said, still smiling. ”Would you mind if we joined you?”
Slowly adjusting from the initial shock and disbelief, John started to take in more of what he was seeing. Who
John felt sick. He also felt a bit like a bull facing a matador, the red flag waving in front of him.
Of failed interventions from incompetent social services, of an endless string of foster homes, and later, of so called boyfriends with nothing but bad things on their agenda.
”Oh baby,” said Gabe and placed a wet kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. John winced at the sight. ”Obviously he’s got nothing on you.”
”Ah, um, wow.” He nervously cleared his throat. ”No, to be honest, he didn’t. Well, he did say once, long time ago, that girlfriends were not really his area and that he considers himself married to his work. But that was all.”
In the photo, Sherlock is looking quite a bit more like himself, but still very young and with shorter hair. He's wearing a black robe, ancient looking. The picture is taken outside, he’s sitting on a bench in front of a green, nice looking park. The sun is in his eyes, he’s squinting slightly, has his legs crossed. John’s relieved to see that in this picture, Sherlock is looking more relaxed. Happy, even.
No one had ever looked at him like that before. But in John’s eyes, he had seen love, and he had felt it shining towards him, bright and clear. But after the confrontation of Mary, it had been gone.
Only problem is, what comes up now is Sherlock. John thinks about the way Sherlock was looking this morning, standing in front of the sofa with his tousled hair and untied dressing gown.
Sherlock hasn’t said anything about that night, or about his complete radio silence all these days after, and neither has John, yet. The current situation took precedence and, to be honest, John feels no urgency to pop this comfortable bubble that they’re in.
John’s passcode ridiculous as usual (Rosie’s birthdate, first try). A tight band around his chest, restricting his breathing as he opens the message.
They lie in silence for a while, Sherlock can hear that John is pretending to sleep, and he’s doing the same thing himself. It’s too intimate, he cannot possibly sleep when John is so close that Sherlock could just reach up an arm to touch him.
”There’s only one person in the whole world that I want to think about right now.” John’s hand begins to move through his hair again. ”Can you deduce?”
”No, not then, but first responders did. Single perpetrator, young man, caucasian. Armed with a handgun, seems to be quite unstable.”
He slowly walked up to him, desperately trying to think of what would be the right thing to say. Sherlock had never been comfortable around other people’s emotional outbursts, never knowing what to do or say and often ending up just making it worse somehow.
”You’ll have to forgive my terrible manners, John, but I really need to do this,” Sherlock said, and proceeded to take off his shoes and socks. He placed the black socks on the radiator behind him and put the shoes right beneath it.
”So I’m thinking. Maybe Sherlock just doesn’t know how to tell you, especially seeing that you two never even talked about… stuff like this. Maybe that’s why he’s avoiding you?” Mike raised his eyebrows and shrugged. ”Like I said, I’m only guessing here, John.”
”At some point, I think we both need to try to communicate a bit better,” he said. ”You know, instead of trying to mind read.” John’s hand on his hair, a finger absentmindedly twirling a strand.
John briefly wet his own lip, then leaned in a bit closer. Sherlock’s hot breath was hitting his face, he could feel the scent of Sherlock’s aftershave and the alcohol they’d been drinking. Sherlock eyes were half closed, he was completely motionless. It was impossible to know what he was thinking. John searched for eye contact and when he found it, he stroked his thumb softly across Sherlock’s cheekbone. Sherlock was breathing faster now, his eyes were dark. John decided to close the gap between them.
Right next to Sherlock, another student is seated. He’s dressed exactly the same, apart from the shoes. Golden hair, broad shoulders, a light tan and a smile that surely must have gotten him a lot of girls, John thinks as he studies the picture.
Nothing happens. Behind the glass windows and the now shattered door, it’s completely silent, the small room bathed in darkness except for the fluorescent light from a glass-doored refrigerator in a corner.
John kisses him, then begins to move against him again, hips undulating. Sherlock relaxes enough to allow himself to do the same. John’s breath is shaky, his hand’s gripping harder on Sherlock’s back as he speaks.
”Oh god,” John managed to complain as Sherlock closed the door behind them. They both toed off their wet shoes and socks, leaving them in a pile by the entrance.
John removes the last two eggs from the carton, places them in the door tray instead. He’s wrapped the left over turkey in tin foil, and is now busy rearranging the contents of the packed fridge to make room for it.
John’s mouth found Sherlock’s again, only breaking briefly for a gasp of air or a whispered affection.
”But that’s the thing, I don’t think that’s true. I’m pretty sure he does feel things, a lot of things, maybe just… just not towards me.” John pauses as the words take form, the weight in his stomach grows heavier. ”I was mistaken to think it meant something.”
John’s hands had been caressing his back for a while, but now Sherlock felt a hand pressing firmly between his shoulder blades. He took the hint and let his upper body sink down more; the side of his face in the pillow, his shoulders too.
She had a no-nonsense air about her, and was making a quite intelligent impression as she spoke to him. Sherlock decided that he’d put her on the list, too.
The exact color of his eyes, the shape of the bow at his upper lip, the way he moved. It was all coming into focus again as he watched him.
”Fuck, you feel amazing,” John manages to get out, and through his haze he notices how Sherlock immediately responds to this, gripping him tighter, and John continues.
Back in the flat, he didn't really know what to do. The worry made him restless, and although he was beginning to feel how tired he was, he just couldn't allow himself to relax. He walked up to the window, opened it wide to let the chilly nighttime air replace the cigarette smoke inside.
”Sherlock!” John is on his feet in no time, and it’s too dark for him to be able to properly make out any details of Sherlock’s features, but he immediately notices his disheveled appearance. Sherlock just stands there, shifting his weight from one foot to another, trying to keep his balance from what it looks like.
Sherlock considered this briefly, and at the same time, was overcome by a strong feeling of unreality. Was this happening? Was John leaning over him right now, asking him how he’d like to be fucked?
He was dizzy from the intense sensation of John stroking him and fucking him simultaneously. Sherlock was only faintly aware that he was saying things; he just let it happen.
The first time it happened was in December, almost exactly six months after he had closed the door to 221B Baker Street, walked away without looking back, and then handed over the key.
Greg nodded. “You did what you had to, John. If you hadn’t, there’s a high chance we’d be dealing with a murder right now, and not just this.”
”Sherlock, you know what?” John looks at him, waits until Sherlock looks up again. ”I get it. I do. It -this, tonight, sitting here with you now - it seems unreal to me, too.”
“And masurb-. Masturbation does not cut it for you, not completely. Not even with the additional stimulus of watching porn.”
And finally, it was beginning to sink it, to really take hold. John had seen him at all his worsts. Had lived through cases, bombs, the fall, the two year exile. Seen his problems with drugs, been asked to stay away, seen Sherlock with someone else instead of him - had even been supportive, despite it all. And yet, here he was now, naked and spent next to him.
”You’re beautiful,” John whispered, and then Sherlock felt the unmistakable sensation of John’s hard yet velvety soft dick pushing against his hole. Oh dear lord, how he’d waited for this moment.
”You’re killing me, do you get that? This is killing me. Sherlock, I can’t-” John was shaking his head, guarded expression, anger in his eyes still. ”What the hell just happened? Why did you kick me out?”
“Yes...” Sherlock whispered back. “Yes, John... you have no idea. No idea of the things I want to do to you tonight.”
”Fuck, fuck,” John was mumbling. He had raised his body up more, was standing on his knees, holding both of Sherlock’s legs in a tight grip by the ankles. It was a thin line between pleasure and pain now, but Sherlock loved every second.
A long stretch of silence follows. They’re out of the city now, on a country road, fields and trees swishing by as the car moves along. They’re getting closer to the location from which the broadcast was made. But all Sherlock can think about, is that John has missed him. He said that he had missed him.
It wasn’t so much the silence, no. It was the emptiness. It was the lingering memories, the shadows, the ghosts of the way life had been when John had been in it. The kettle boiling, a spoon clinking against the inside of porcelain. John’s footsteps in the stair; Sherlock had always been able to tell from the way John walked up the stairs how his day at work had been.
He felt Sherlock’s body move in closer against his own, felt the heat and the tension rising between them. Noticed Sherlock’s respiration quicken and become more shallow, as he kept on kissing him, slow and wantingly.
”I’m sorry we had to keep you fellas waiting for so long,” one of the officers said. ”If you’d like, we could give you a lift home. No weather to be out walking in, tonight.”
, Sherlock thinks, but doesn’t say it. Doesn’t want to give Mycroft the satisfaction of seeing him affected.
John reread the text and felt grateful for the slight opening at the end. Better than nothing. He wrote:
”Yes, I know I do,” said John. ”But still, I would expect the hunting instincts in this dog to be too strong for it to ignore if-”
”No! No of course not, don’t be ridiculous. It’s just a couple of hours away, I’ll be in London all the time, and you’re welcome to visit.”
”Let me just finish, ok John,” Sherlock interrupted. ”It’s… it’s tremendously difficult, this conversation, for me. So please just hear me out.”
He still looked uncomfortable but not entirely unhappy; in fact, John could see a smile lingering at the corners of his mouth.
”You know, Sherlock, if I could just bring Anna here and know that you’d be okay with that, then we could still be together this weekend,” he’d said, and Sherlock had felt like punching his fist into something.
John stops in the doorway on his way out. Sherlock can hear him draw a breath - he was going to say something but changed his mind. Maybe just as well.
Sherlock had tried to get Dr. Riyat to provide him with an answer. Had used all his skills. Coerced, manipulated, pushed, begged. Yes, alright, there might have been a tiny bit of threatening involved, as well.
A waitress came up to give them their menus; it appeared to be some sort of bistro place. She took out a lighter and lit the small tea candle that was sitting in a holder on the table. John thought about that first night, at Angelo’s, and smiled at the memory. He felt a little embarrassed when Sherlock caught his eye; of course he’d read his mind.
Kicking him hard, without mercy. Losing control. It was the part of himself that frightened John more than anything, the part he’d worked hard to push away somewhere deep down inside. He’d thought he’d succeeded, but today had proved him wrong, once again.
He’d collected his things from Knightsbridge, suffered through a few talks. But for the last two weeks, everything had finally been sorted, and he was now firmly settled at Baker Street again.
”Merry Christmas, John,” he mumbles back. Puts his hand on John’s chest, over his heart. Falls asleep to the rhythm of John’s steady heartbeats.
”I said,” he begun, then seemed to hesitate for a moment. ”I was saying, that, you know… I’ve been thinking a lot about children.”
The image of Sherlock on a dirty old mattress in that tenement building came up in his mind. He felt his stomach turning over in fear.
John thought about leaping up to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him and never letting go. He wanted to take him by the hand and lead him home, home to Baker Street, and kiss him until they had forgotten everything else and there was nothing left but Sherlock and John and
”Oh, great,” he said, trying so hard to act at least remotely normal. ”I’ll have to go find him then, before he takes off.”
”I don’t think one is supposed to, frankly,” John smiled. ”Besides, I have a very vivid memory of you, sitting on the bed last night, assuring me that you were absolutely not drunk but just ’a tiny bit tipsy’.” John fought an attack of laughter. ”And do you remember what you did right after that, love?”
Sherlock finally looks up, sees John’s bewildered expression. ”I know. Sounds like it was a hundred and fifty years ago, doesn’t it.” John just shakes his head, smiling.
It must have been hard for him, John thinks as he returns to sorting through the glass jars, checking the best-before date, then putting them back in a more orderly fashion. All the spoken and unspoken expectations, from everyone ranging from Sherlock’s own mother to… well, to John. Won’t happen again.
Sherlock did indeed look well. Still impossibly lean, of course, but far from that gaunt, skin-and-bone figure he’d been after John’s wedding. He also seemed to be, John searched for the right word - happier. Happier was the word that came up.
He’d practiced them at night. Practiced saying the words that his lips had never formed before; not to John, not to anyone. Whispered them out into the empty darkness of the cell.
Sherlock tasted – good. Clean, salty, sexy. Impossibly arousing. John let his pointed tongue swirl around the glans, and when he felt Sherlock's hands finding their way into his hair, he thought for a second that he was going to be the one who'd come first. Luckily, it subsided.
”No, John,” said Sherlock. ”You didn’t do anything wrong. I’m the one who should have acted differently. I’m so sorry I didn’t.”
”Just going to lie here for a short while first,” Sherlock mumbles. John smiles, picks up the blanket from the floor and spreads it across Sherlock’s gangly body. Lets his hand rest on Sherlock’s shoulder for a moment. ”Alright,” he says. ”Sleep tight.”
”I assume you’d better head back to your place then, early morning tomorrow and all,” Sherlock said, not meeting John’s eye. It was impossible to know what he was really thinking. John felt at a loss at this sudden shift, and the nervous, fluttery feeling in his stomach was back. He was not used to Sherlock acting this way towards him, but then again, before, there hadn’t been any other people or obligations to come between them before.
”Christ,” he managed to get out, on an exhale, as Sherlock let his shirt glide down along his back and then fall to the floor. Sherlock moved his long fingers to the button of his trousers, and John forced himself to wake up from his trance. He reached out his hand and put it on top of Sherlock’s, stopped him.
”We’ll be absolutely fine, dear. I will text you updates and pictures throughout the evening, all right love? Now go out and have fun you two. And don’t worry about the time, as we agreed I’ll be here throughout the night and in the morning as well. A proper night out and a nice little sleep in does wonders for new parents,” Mrs. Lerner said with a wink towards John.
He felt calm, confident in his decision and relieved to finally be doing this. It was the right thing, of that he had no doubt anymore.
“That's alright,” John said. “I'm over it. In a way, I'm actually relieved, you know. Had made everything even more fucked up if it had been mine.”
Sherlock hoped intensely that John would reach out in some way, open up for a next meeting, a coffee, something, anything. He saw him closing his mouth again, more decisive this time, his eyes briefly averted. He had decided not to. Sherlock's heart fell.
The girl laughed again, seemed delighted. Perhaps she found the latin names funny sounding. Children were so unpredictable.
Waking up disoriented an hour later, Sherlock texted John to ask if they could cancel the reservation and just stay home instead.
Plenty of oxygen in lungs. Fight or flight response coming on. Response to a thought, not actual physical threat. The brain doesn’t discriminate. Useless reaction in this kind of situation.
Sherlock’s serious expression suddenly shifted, and instead, he smiled briefly, put his hand over his mouth.
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck,” he panted. He was holding on to Sherlock's shoulders, and now couldn't help but to start rocking his hips into Sherlock's tight fist. “Feels so damn good.”
If Sherlock had ever indicated that he had those kind of feelings for him - how would he have reacted to that knowledge? It was hard not to wonder, and it hurt to think about.
”So, what about tomorrow night, then? Are you sure you don’t want to come over? It will just be a couple of friends, nothing fancy.”
John hadn't seen him yet, too caught up in the situation at hand. Sherlock, as always, could not resist a dramatic entrance.
The car comes to a stop outside John’s hotel, but he doesn’t get out. Instead he leans forward and takes one of Sherlock’s hands in his, notices it’s still ice cold. Quickly moves to grip his wrist, notice that his pulse still hasn’t quite come down.
John was so relieved he had a hard time to keep from sinking to the floor. Oh my god. And if he’d been intent before, it was nothing compared to how he was feeling right now. He needed to act, fast. He needed to make sure that no one else could come in between them. Not ever again.
So. John apparently shared his little fetish. Sherlock had expected him to like it a bit dirty, but this was still an interesting turn of events.
He had briefly wondered whether something could have happened to John. Mary was, after all, a dangerous person. An ex assassin, even.
Fights about the inordinate amount of time that John would spend with that child. Fights about John’s stupid job, which almost always tied into the fact that he wasn’t able to come with Sherlock on cases in the way he should. Yes,
”Didn’t you know, John?” It’s Mummy, naturally overhearing every bloody thing. ”Sherlock used to sing in the choir. Did for many years. That’s how we started to come here.”
And when he, now and then, had let himself slip away from the world for a little too long, Gabe would text him with some transparent excuse of why he needed Sherlock to come home. Home? Didn’t really seem like the right word, although he knew that as far as everyone else was concerned, Knightsbridge was where he lived.
John inches his hand closer, Sherlock can’t tear his eyes away, and then, finally, John runs his palm up over Sherlock’s length. Closes his fist around it and gives three slow, teasing pulls, running the foreskin up and down over the slick head. Sherlock grits his teeth together in a vain effort to keep quiet.
Anyhow. They carefully avoid talking about anything to do with the terribly difficult things that happened, but after the second glass of Barolo, Sherlock’s self control slips.
”Yes, you too.” He sits up to remove his last pieces of clothing and then watches, in awe, as Sherlock slides out of his trousers and pants in one fluid motion.
”But how can you not! Seriously Sherlock, this is crazy. We’ve only been out for two hours, and already there are people having a problem with us just sitting here, together! Even though we are doing absolutely nothing offensive! I’m not even allowed to hold your bloody hand, for Christ’s sake! I won’t have it, you know.”
After the ninth incoming text, even Mycroft glances a second too long in John’s direction, which makes Sherlock want to.. do something. Possibly hit Mycroft, or throw mulled wine on his shirt, or-
On their next kiss, John began to massage Sherlock's opening with his thumb. He pushed and teased and poked the strong muscle, and felt Sherlock trying to adjust to the sensation of another person touching him there. John knew how incredibly intimate this could feel, and he was also aware of the difference between sex toys and another person's fingers. Or dick, he thought, and had to grind his erection harder against Sherlock's stomach for some release of the worst tension.
Hears a pained sound from Sherlock, like a whimper, and for a second he thinks he might have hurt him somehow. But when he hears it again and realises it’s a sound not of pain, but of need and arousal, he has to rather abruptly push Sherlock off.
”Victor was… easy-going, sincere. A true extrovert, full of energy and laughter. The very opposite of me, in most ways. But as we got to know each other, I found we had a lot of things in common, too. And to my surprise, I discovered he was just as friendless as I was. It grew into a… strong bond.”
He saw the expression of John’s face change. He saw the furrow between his eyebrows, saw him closing his eyes, and then, felt the muscles in John’s body contract as he started to come inside of him.
He turned his attention back to Gabe’s cheek. This would most certainly develop into a quite spectacular bruise. Gabe had been going on about how to explain it to his client in Hong Kong tomorrow.
“You, my friend... you'd fantasize about someone taking over, holding you down... telling you what to do... taking their pleasure...”
Sherlock nicks a piece of fresh pineapple, pops it into his mouth and then finds what he was looking for. Important now to avoid getting caught in some dreary conversation about the weather (snowy, sunny) or the news (state of things: from bad to worse). Quickly, he grabs two flutes of Buck’s Fizz from the tray. ”Merry Christmas, Daddy,” he says before hurrying out of the kitchen and making his way up the stairs again.
They'd been standing up, kissing and caressing each other's bodies for a while, when Sherlock suddenly let go and spun around. John noticed that his movements still were a bit uncoordinated, a bit unstable, but all in all he seemed to be less inebriated than earlier. Good. That was good. And John knew he wasn't exactly one hundred percent sober himself.
Sherlock felt a little bit jolted by the sudden outburst of aggression from John. He intensely regretted having brought this up.
”Losing you was the worst thing that I have EVER been through. I was so fucking angry with you Sherlock, that you could do something like that to me, I just can’t-”
John couldn’t stand it, not one single minute more. He needed to get out from there. He just needed a confirmation.
Maybe he didn’t want to be with Sherlock like that, anymore. Maybe he, too, would eventually try to turn Sherlock into some bland vanilla version of himself. Who knew, perhaps he would come home one day and line up a job offer and adoption papers and bloody hell. Maybe no one could stand sharing their life with someone like Sherlock.
A seven percent solution of cocaine. That would have been the answer, not too long ago. But he’s decided never again - and right now he doesn’t even have a fucking sedative, anyway.
”Just give him the goddamned megaphone, he’s Sherlock Holmes for Christ’s sake!” John realises too late he’s said it out loud. ”Uh, I mean-”
Sherlock can’t find the words to reply, so he doesn’t, but his heart feels light, the nervous fluttering aside.
”Christ, don’t start with that again,” he snaps, lifts his head to look at John. ”You’ve been most thorough in your efforts to inform me, constantly, that you are
Precisely on time, the black town car rolled up and the familiar figure of Mycroft Holmes stepped out. They exchanged a brief handshake.
”Your feet are rather cold,” Sherlock said. ”You should put them up, here.” He indicated to the radiator behind him.
“You too,” he said, and Sherlock fixed his eyes on John as he undid his belt, unzipped and then unbuttoned. He climbed out of his jeans, leaving his pants on. He stepped on the garment on the floor as he tried to free his legs completely, stood on one leg at a time as he got rid of his socks. John then came back up on the bed, smiling, to lie down next to Sherlock.
John didn't let go of his tight grip around Sherlock's wrists, it was starting to hurt a bit but the overall sensation was well worth it. John was naked on top of him, and it was such a mind blowing thing. When their cocks brushed together, Sherlock gasped and John moaned.
”Maybe I am,” said Sherlock, holding his gaze for just a beat too long, and John thought that there really was no mistaking.
Sherlock wanted so badly to say something more. Find a way to meet John, again. He could work it into this little game, even. He toyed with the thought of giving John his card, telling him to come in to give a statement. Something like that would work. John would think it was funny.
Listening to the conversation, John’s heart dropped. This was the reality of it all, he thought. While he was miserably lonely, Sherlock had clearly moved on. It was useless to try to delude himself into thinking otherwise. Completely useless.
”John, what the hell is the matter with you!” She turned to Gabriel. ”I’m so sorry. Please forgive my husband, I think he’s had too much to drink.”
John has placed Sherlock’s legs so that they’re resting on his shoulders, and is leaning his upper body forward against the back of his thighs. Sees Sherlock take his cock in hand to begin to rapidly jerk himself off.
John felt his body starting to tremble, his mind speeding to try to deal with the threat that just had been put on the table.
Sherlock was silent, looking down. John badly wished they could just skip this part, fast forward it into the future. Unfortunately, there was no such option.
John thought it was the most erotic thing he’d ever experienced; he closed his eyes to focus on the incredible sensation. His stomach was wet with pre-come, and the thought that it was from them both made him shiver. Then Sherlock reached down his hand and enclosed them both in it, and from a distant place somewhere, John could hear himself groan loudly into Sherlock’s mouth.
? Silently curses himself for the mental blur. Almost everything else is clear to him, has been for a long time now. Only the memories from the Aquarium that keep blurring from time to time. He tries hard to never think about that night, usually. Or Mary. Or John. Maybe that's why it keeps getting tangled.
John cuts him off, unconcealed anger in his voice. ”-twisting the data to suit your theories and not the other way around, yes, thank you very much, I know. But I
It was early evening when John was finally taking the last few steps to his front door. On the train, he had rehearsed what he needed to say.
”I want you to listen up now, alright? I came here tonight because I wanted to say something important to you, and the last time I tried, you wouldn’t let me.”
At eight, he couldn't sit still anymore. He was sinking in quicksand, but he couldn't leave, what if John did come after all. It was getting dark outside, and inside, he hadn't bothered with any of the lamps.
His eyes are closed, he’s completely lost in the physical sensations - of movement; of warmth, of unhurried, sleepy touch.
The kid’s talking about being thrown out from his mother’s house for doing drugs, about being high and stealing a car. About struggling in school and having belly aches from the constant screaming and fighting at home; about being afraid of his mom’s boyfriend and his bad temper. He’s talking about having no place to live and moving from couch to couch, and then from underpasses to tube stations, from misery to more misery.
”Why, John? I mean, you lived with him for years, right, you must have had plenty of opportunities if you were so inclined. I always assumed you were together, that’s why I didn’t reach out to Sherlock earlier!”
”It’s not Christmas Eve anymore, it’s half past one,” Sherlock says, then realises that maybe that was not the main point John was making. ”And I’m fine here. You, on the other hand, wouldn’t be, not with that shoulder of yours. Goodnight.”
He reached over the bed to grab his t-shirt from the floor. With gentle motions, he wiped Sherlock's body clean, and smiled when he discovered that Sherlock apparently had a ticklish spot around his belly button.
He didn’t know for how long they stood like that, in the middle of the living room that had been the heart of the home they’d shared. Back when things were so much easier, and so much happier.
"No you don't have to apologize. I, er, I think I know why you needed to. But it still gets to me sometimes, you know." John sighed, cupped his head, placed a kiss on his forehead. It felt so impossibly good being back in the bed with John's naked body, warming his. It even felt kind of good to talk about these things, because it meant he didn't have to wonder about it.
”It lives in the mountain forests of the Oro province in Papua New Guinea. They’re supposed have an amazing gliding flight. Let’s see if we can get it to fly.”
Sherlock wrapped his legs around John’s hips and arse, allowed himself to be rocked back and forth in the quick pace that John was setting.
”I love him! You don’t understand the connection we have. And while I sympathize with your worry, this really has to be up to Sherlock to decide, not you.”
John winced at the mention of that bloke’s name. He had tried very hard not to think about him, tried to just brush it off by telling himself Sherlock would take care of it.
With all his might, he pinched himself, pressed a piece of flesh together so hard it would surely leave a big mark. It still did not work.
“You like it a bit... dirty. Rough.” John struggled not to avert his eyes now. This was getting way too personal. He didn't say anything. His throat felt dry. Sherlock kept talking.
John’s hasn’t allowed himself to dwell too much on that, until now. Tried his best to keep at a distance the uninvited images of Sherlock at some New Year’s party, surrounded by all kinds of people who might decide to just…
But why then did he ask for the keys back, when he hadn’t mentioned them once since John moved out? Then it dawned on him. The bloke. The keys were for him.
After Rosie’s birth, John had made a conscious decision. He was a father now, struggling to meet the insatiable needs of a non-sleeping baby, of a sleep-deprived and cranky Mary, of a job that still carried the same heavy burden of responsibility as it always had. He told himself that there simply was no room for anything else.
John had spent the remaining years at home studying like mad, with music blasting on the stereo to cancel out the sounds from Dad’s drunken fits downstairs. Locked himself in the bedroom he no longer had to share; daydreaming of a different life. Counting the days until he could finally, finally move out and be free.
Neurotransmitters, sex hormones, neuropeptides. Those were the primary neurochemicals that governed the major drives in the concept called love: sex drive, attachment, partner preference. He visualized each concept as a sign above three closed doors. He saw the number 3 x 3 spinning for a second, then discarded it. Irrelevant.
The door opened and closed without a sound, and John proceeded to ever so slowly take one step at the time, slowly approaching the inner door. He could see light trickling down from the flat and onto the staircase, clearly Sherlock hadn’t bothered to close the door properly. He would have to have a word with Sherlock about this; there had to be some limit to the unnecessary risks he was going to expose himself to.
It was a difficult situation, but hardly unheard of, he told himself. Many people got divorced, it was not the end of the world. John felt intensely that this marriage had been a mistake.
”Have you thought about this, about us, before?” John murmurs into his ear, then moves to bite his neck.
As soon as the detox was underway, Sherlock had come back to reality. The hallucinations stopped, so did the paranoia. But he was tired, more tired than John had ever seen him, he slept and slept and slept.
He’d never been afraid of dying. He had a quite rational view of it all, and frankly, he was surprised he’d made it this far. When you’re gone, you’re gone and that’s all there’s to it. It was not the dying business, no. It was parting from John that made it hard to breathe when he thought about it.
Saying it out loud sent another tingling sensation down through John's lower regions. He could see it in front of him. Sherlock, naked, stretching out that lean, perfectly toned body on his bed, stroking himself, bucking his hips up as he was getting close to climax-
He heard the clicking sound from the dog’s claws against the kitchen floor, apparently it wanted something to drink, too. He looked around and found the bowl, filled it with water and put it down, got one tired wag in return.
Now and then, John was struck by a sense of wonder, and had to take a moment to mentally pinch himself. But most of the time, he simply forgot, and allowed himself to relax into the wonderful feeling of finally - hopefully, if he played his cards right - being together with Sherlock again. In whatever way or form that might turn out to be.
It was ten past twelve at night. John picked up his phone from where he had placed it on the bedside table.
”I would like to see your face,” Sherlock said as coherently as he could manage. ”But-” He hesitated.
Sherlock would immediately go to the bedroom to change out of his tailored shirt and suit trousers, to come back out dressed in ill fitting jogging bottoms and some sweater that had seen it's better days a long time ago. Both times it had happened, John had not been able to resist dragging him down on the sofa with him, touching that skinny body through the soft layers of the worn cotton clothes.
“I guess you just have to learn to choose your battles, John. They're idiots. I've learned a long time ago not to let them get to me.” He turned to John, and John was happy to feel Sherlock's hand brush against his knee.
”Take off your trousers,” Sherlock said, and John got up to oblige. As he pulled them off, he decided to follow Sherlock’s example and get rid of the pants as well. It felt like they were well past any pretense of modesty at this point, anyway.
The sex… Sex, Sherlock thought, was a failproof antidote for boredom. He had gone without it for so long, and it was such a great release to have it back in his life. That, and the intoxicating feeling of having someone desire him. Someone who wanted to be fully his, no reservations.
”Sherlock.” He touched his arm, tried to make Sherlock look at him. ”I’m sorry that I’m not able to come with you tomorrow. You know I want to, right. I just can’t, not this time. Don’t punish me for that, please.”
”Look, John. While I appreciate- erm. What happened was-” Sherlock’s voice breaks a little bit, damn it, but John can probably just chalk that up on the hangover.
He hadn’t seen him for so long that the sharpness of his visual memories of Sherlock had begun to fade.
”Oh. Thanks,” he said, briefly wondering when he had managed to put it there. But, never mind. He took the few steps to the kitchen.
”Nice. Well, we’ve certainly had a hell of a long beginning. I’m more than ready for the next part.”
For a moment, he lies absolutely still. Doesn’t even dare to breathe. Can’t gather the courage to open his eyes to look at Sherlock, either.
Gone and changed his mind about this, about him, or perhaps about being with another man - changed his mind after all this time, right after what they’d just done -
But it was like.. it wasn’t always painful to think about John, anymore. The memories of all that had happened and everything they’d been through - they could also be a source of joy, sometimes.
The present moment was all that existed to John now. With every forceful motion of in, then almost out, then in again, he felt himself getting rapidly closer to orgasm. He was slamming into Sherlock now, the smacking sound of skin meeting skin filled his ears.
John gets an odd sensation in his chest, a whirling unrest. He thinks it looks like Sherlock is about to launch a counterattack-
”He was the only friend I made during the two years I was at college.” Sherlock pauses for a moment, seems to be weighing his next words.
You sit here and basically tell me that you loved me, yeah, but this rather contradicts it, don’t you think! I must have meant nothing to you!”
. Could she have seen? He pictured her coming up to the bar just as… John suddenly felt very guilty, but that didn’t mean he regretted what he’d just done (almost done, he corrected himself).
”I see,” John says. He’s beginning to wake up now, and so, apparently, is his cock. Draws Sherlock in closer, revels in the warm sensation of skin against skin, the scent of him.
”I have something tonight, a dinner I can’t really reschedule, and then I go back tomorrow to have a little Christmas thing with Mary and Rosie before they leave. It’s her first Christmas without us both… But maybe I could come on Christmas Eve, early afternoon?”
”Holmes and Watson, side by side again,” he said, drunkenly but happily. ”At last, the order in the universe has been restored!”
The reply comes almost immediately, in form of a single bullet fired right through the wooden door, hitting the front of the nearest car and making everybody on the outside drop to the wet, freezing ground.
They walked slowly through the sitting room, past the dog that was sound asleep, curled up in Sherlock’s chair.
”As a matter of fact, I was planning to pop over to Baker Street tonight, and it would be nice to not have to go to Tesco’s. You know how I hate that place. Hell on earth, is what it is.”
Each day had been a massive effort to make it from morning to evening, to put one foot in front of the other, and then repeat. To try to carry on when all he wanted was for it all to end. The nights, though, had been worse.
”These people simply do not understand! A dog needs clear leadership, firm guidance, an alpha leader to show the way. In such a short amount of time, I have made progress with Sadie that they haven’t been able to do in years!”
Once it had been about a surgeon at Bart’s who Sherlock had deduced had a diaper fetish, and once about Mrs. Hudson’s friend Margaret, who apparently had been stealing unlocked strollers and then selling them on Craig’s List. John would laugh and shake his head in disbelief, and when he’d steal a glance at Sherlock, he would remind him of a stray cat, momentarily domesticated, purring in his seat.
In the car ride to the house, John is quiet, mostly because there is no chance to cut in. He’s in the back seat, leaning forward to listen to Sherlock and Caroline talking non-stop in about equal measure. They seem to know each other fairly well, John can see that Sherlock is not putting on an act with her, but is just being himself. For good… and for bad.
”Good Lord, what is this, then,” Sherlock said and stopped to pick up a black lace bra from one of the shrubs, causing John to laugh again.
”Thanks for tonight, Sherlock.” John’s voice is soft again. Sincere, actually. ”I’m so glad you invited me.”
But that had been good, right? A good thing, that Sherlock was keeping himself busy and useful, even without John as his constant minder. And no, John wasn’t stupid and yes, perhaps in some way he’d sensed that Sherlock’s manic activity might be at least partially fuelled by some substance but-
”I believe we’re going in the same direction.” He takes off his glove, reaches out his hand. ”I’m John Watson, pleased to meet you.”
To allow for the chance to feel love towards another person and to have it reciprocated. The simple act of sharing a bed, waking up together.
Then, the whole gay aspect of it all, well. Yes, alright, it embarrassed him, a bit. Would take a little bit of time to get used to; to incorporate that aspect into his concept of himself. No reason to tell Sherlock about that, though. And, John figured, he might as well start practicing right away. This was central London, a melting pot of the world. What better place to begin? People here were bound to be open minded.
Sherlock started to bob his head up and down, his lips sliding tight along John’s cock, and John felt his hips moving ever so slightly even though he tried his best to be still.
”Oh, nothing, love,” John smiled, then took another bite of his excellent steak. ”I’m just very happy to be sitting here with you.”
“John-” Sherlock interrupted. “I expressed myself poorly. I meant to say that I usually don't like people touching me. You, however-”
”Ah. You’re up,” Sherlock looked almost startled to find John standing there. Perhaps he was dealing with the same sense of uncertainty about how to proceed.
Sherlock slides closer until his body is almost flush with John’s, leans his head closer, buries his nose in John’s neck, and inhales forcefully. Then he sits back, just as abruptly, on his own side of the seat again.
Just as Sherlock is considering whether he dares to give John’s belt another try, John surprises him. He somehow manages to push up from the sofa, uses his legs to shift Sherlock’s balance, and the effect is that Sherlock ends up lying flat on top of him. And Sherlock may be a bit woozy - alright, maybe a tiny bit more than that, even- but he still has presence enough to support some of his bodyweight on his elbows.
