'Steve,' Tony said, trying his best to sound normal. The distraction from his spiralling thoughts let some air sneak back into his lungs, and he was Tony Stark. A little was all he needed. 'Out shopping?'
With a last distressed squawk from the bird, the line cut off. Tony went back on comms to Steve and sighed heavily.
Looking uncertain, but nodding anyway, Steve retreated to one of the guest bedrooms. Tony took a deep, wobbling breath, kneading his eyes. He had to do this. He needed a friend right now, if he had any left.
He didn't want that. When had killing people become so normal anyway? He'd been disgusted by the use of his weapons in Afghanistan. He'd made up his mind to change. Tony didn't think he'd planned to change like this. Steve needed his help.
They could do this. It would work, they would find a way to be together. After all, it was meant to be.
Peter was pretending to be asleep, but only because he didn't have a plan right now. It seemed like a good idea to pretend to be asleep until he did. And to make a plan, you needed two things: goals, and facts.
Steve had been ignoring any calls from Shield. His work for them was strictly only advisory, and only casual, to fit around Peter – and Steve had resolved not to lose a second with him. He had taken the first call, explained he was unavailable for the time being, and then had ignored every call since. They had called him everyday, at exactly 11 o’clock. He supposed this was their version of consideration, because it was the time at the hospital that the children were washed and bathed, and he wouldn’t be with Peter. Even so, he
'Don't worry,' Thor reassured him. 'I have been preparing for this, and there's no reason the fertility blessings won't cover adoption or children conceived by magical means.'
But none of them were lowering their guns. Beside him, he heard a slithering sound, and realised the tentacles were coiling out from Stark's flight suit again, tensed and ready to strike. Now a voice called out to them over the assembled crowd.
The lights were like nothing Steve had ever seen. For one thing, there were so many of them; all of them brighter than any light he'd ever seen, but it was warm and soft like candlelight, and it shone yellow, pink, silver, orange, reflecting around the scene and making it seem as if the whole place was covered with a layer of fairy dust.
‘I kind of lied to my mom,’ he said, wincing. ‘And I’m pretty sure she’s going to have found out by the time I get home.’
'Oh,' Steve said. So they'd been acquainted. He was a friend-of-a-friend. Steve guessed that would explain why Stark had noted his long absence. But the way Tony had said '
'Fine,' Steve tried to keep his tone as gentle as he could, despite his anger at the tinge of accusation in Tony's. 'But Tony, can you honestly tell me you didn't feel the same in every one of your previous relationships?'
He'd decided, recently, that it was maybe okay to call Steve his dad after all as long as it was only in his head. He knew Steve didn't like it when people called him that, so Peter never said it out loud, and he had even tried not to think it, but then Mr Stark always called Steve his dad, and he wouldn't do that if it wasn't at least a bit okay.
They laughed again, Richard promised to see what he could do, they shook hands and Steve left. That was it.
'Liar,' he said, and pushed her gently down on the couch. She picked up the hot water bottle and pressed it into her stomach. The painkillers had more or less taken care of the cramps, but the warmth felt comforting, reassuring. She felt almost normal. No more period today. But she was definitely going to eat the chocolate just as soon as Steve left so she could shove it all in at once like the Hulk.
The plains before them howl with wickedly cold winds. Vast ice and snow greet them with rolling dark clouds covering the sky. A blizzard awaits them in this rim. Tony manifested his armor after he retrieved the bag from Steve’s shoulder. He’d taken something out that looked similar to an arc reactor and somehow pasted it to his chest. The armor crept out of it and covered him like a million tiny insects erecting the suit. It provides a good cover from the winds and the frigid temperatures.
“Very good,” Tony agreed and Steve continued. He licked and kissed along Tony’s chest and let his one hand drop to Tony’s waist, and then finally as Tony arched into Steve’s ministrations, to his lap.
The progress they made with their relationship (could he call it that?) might very well have been responsible for the fact Tony walked into the Tower on lighter feet.  Suddenly the world as a part of a soul pack and as the designated Beloved transformed into something different, something unexplored and exciting. Tony always loved the idea of exploring. In his heart of hearts he named himself an explorer. He explored science and technology. He explored ways towards peace. He explored what the future might bring. The soul pack and his link to Steve offered him a new kind of investigation. He relished it.
“If he didn’t, then he can hear and see everything. I doubt that because he didn’t know about Clint being retired,” Tony says. He scratches at the back of his neck. It’s a tell that Tony does when he’s uncomfortable with a riddle or a problem. “But he can learn from his mistakes.”
When Tony opens the door to the office and guides Steve out, he glimpses a shade of fear wash over his face. Is it even possible for Captain America to be frightened? “It’s going to be okay. I got the other guys.”
“Like the moon and the Earth,” Steve says, and he cannot stop being mesmerized by the touch, their skin to skin contact. “I think I know how to do this.”
Natasha nodded. “A little less. But she’s his Guide. Which I think is fitting, don’t you think?” The tests and the queries just kept coming, she was a tigress but she was playing with her food. He stopped the urge to shiver in her presence.
“You’ve lost something,” Tony says and the truth weighs the air between them until it is heavy with purpose.
“Let’s move this to the couch at least.” Logan points to the ratty sofa Tony saved from his graduate school days. “That way if he falls over, he won’t give himself a concussion on top of other brain damage.”
Steve shook his head. “No.” The word exploded every belief Steve had, because when he marched away from the house, when he started to walk maybe part of him thought it was his fears of his own perversion, but now as he denied it, something changed in him. “No, it’s not. It’s that.” He looked at the distant house, the scatterings of living life. “I’ve never lived a life. I just fought and battled and died. When I woke up, they told me the world was being invaded by aliens and I fought again. I got a tattoo on my wrist that tells me I’m part of a pack, but I didn’t consolidate it. I ignored it. I ignored it because I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know how to be that family in there.” He pointed at the house, jabbing his finger at the hot memories. “I don’t know how to be anything but Captain America anymore. I’m not Steve Rogers, he died. He died seventy years ago.” He couldn’t help the tears that stung his eyes. He wiped them away. There was no time for crying. He was a leader and nothing more.
“I thought I would save my family, that’s what, Stark. Do you get it? Do you understand? They have my boy and my little girl! My wife is pregnant. She’s pregnant, and I needed to save them. All of them. Paint me as the traitor, I don’t care. I did it to save my family.” Tears glistened on his cheeks.
He knows she’s brought some angels through the transformation, he recalls that Clint helped her through her own difficult transformation. “Clint?”
Tying part of his shirt around his head to beat the heat, Tony sways. He feels like he just got off a spinning amusement ride. The vertigo plays with his sense of balance. The unevenness of the sand twists his ankles as he tries to walk. For only a few moments, though, he stops and gazes behind him. Of in the far distance he sees the rocky formation where his captors held him. Yinsen is gone. Blu is not – as far as Tony knows. The lion is still alive.
“Fuck you good. Come on now, baby. Keep your cock quiet. Don’t come. Don’t you dare!” Steve says and he slams into Tony, over and over. Tony’s crying out, Steve’s right behind him. Tears of joy and pleasure blur his vision. “Don’t you come until I’m ready. Don’t you.”
“Not right now, you don’t,” Stark says and seems to have abruptly forgotten and forgiven Steve for the reference to the war and his activities during it. He knocks Banner in the elbow. “Come on, let’s go and see if they have anything good to eat at the saloon. I’m starved.”
Well whatever – this still doesn’t explain the whole issue with Steve until he gets to a link to rare conditions. He hits it and it goes directly to a page entitled:
“No, it isn’t,” Bruce said. “It might break, if-.” He stopped himself before he laid those words out in the universe. But Tony wanted to know, he needed to know. The idea of death within the pack scared the hell out of him and shit he’d only been in the pack for a few hours. Not even a handful of hours yet. Bruce continued, “But right now, we need to worry about Steve’s wellbeing.”
Tony studied him – but the bond told him more – a longing, a yearning that ached for peace. “You’ve been fighting all your life.”  Steve didn’t reply only gave him a half frown. “We’ll find a way, don’t worry.” He didn’t know if he was promising Steve a way to bring Bucky into the fold, a way to retire, or, hell, a way to build a farmhouse in the middle of butt fuck nowhere. What he did know is that somehow, he could promise it all, even Bucky. For Steve, he would promise anything. He would give anything for Steve.
“Don’t ruin the moment,” Steve says slyly. He tosses the chocolate and strawberry to the side. With practiced hands, he pushes the prince’s tunic up and unties his pants, slipping a hand into find a semi-hard cock. “What say I take away some of that stress?”
Rumlow smiled and switched off the shocker, hooking it back on his belt. “Now that was easy, wasn’t it?” He stretched out the gag and started to push the ball into Steve’s open mouth.
The play of emotions across Tony’s face intrigues and stirs something deeper in Steve. “Oh, I like that you call me sir.”
Steven halts for only a moment as he moans and sobs out. It’s pretty as he does. Steven’s needy whimpers course over him and the knot overtakes Tony so swiftly, so fast he falls into a haze. He takes his own hand and slides it under Steven’s chin, pausing to grasp the ring of the collar for only a second. He can feel Steven’s tongue work against his knot, feel the weight of it, feel the thickness. He groans as Steven swallows and sucks – his mouth obscenely wide open as he gags on Tony’s cock. Tony reaches further and tugs at his own sac. It causes his knot to harden, to expand even further, and then he squeezes once, twice, the heat rolling off of him. And he’s coming – a flood of semen down a willing throat. It coils and tightens until he comes again.
He depends on Pepper and Rhodey to ground him, but Steve – Steve transforms him. Maybe it frightens him, maybe that’s why he shies away from the possibilities. The potential to change, to become something, someone different scares him. Over the past year transformation became his mantra. He’s Iron Man. He directed the change of his company. Now he has his dream – Blu and Steve Rogers –waiting for him. When he thinks of home, he thinks of Steve.
The words shudder through Stark as if Steve punched him in the jaw. He recoils and Banner reaches out and places a hand on his shoulder. The effect quells Steve’s misgivings and he sidesteps his stance.
“I gotta get dressed.” He leaves Thor and goes back to the bathroom with a bundle of clothes under his arm. Going out and getting a life does not mean banging his boss; it doesn’t matter if Tony’s touch felt electric. Doesn’t matter what Steve imagines when he’s sketching late at night, or what he does in the shower alone. None of that matters. He has a job, a really good one that pays a good amount of money. He’s not screwing it up.
Steve bites back the words wanting to spill out of his mouth. He focuses on the task at hand. “The agreement was that you would have me and free the others.”
He stops and faces her. “He wouldn’t let me have a drink. He stopped me from drinking, from getting drunk. He insulted me. Insubordination.”
He puts the stray thoughts away. “Thank you. I think that’s good.” Talking hurts. “We need a heat source and some food.” His bag becomes his reprieve from the feelings threatening to interfere with the mission. Long ago, he might have had a chance, a real chance with Tony, but that was before the confession, before Tony stopped calling him Steve.
Searching, he scans the rapids, and the froth of the waves. Dead branches lead him astray several times; the snow flurrying around him diminishes his ability to see clearly. Any hope quickly dwindles and he starts to turn, using a powerful breast stroke toward the opposite shore and the horses as he loses his footing on the slippery rocks and sand beneath the surface. Even as he ducks toward shore, he sees it.
He scrambles to his feet and catches her before she’s able to complete the maneuver. Sometimes, he thinks that the rumors about her as a Court spy in Russia might be true. With his shoulder he separates them and manhandles Bucky back onto the cot. Luckily, the wrestling drained Bucky of what strength he had and he sinks onto the cot, his face screwed up in pain and his eyes watering from the strain. He’s not crying, but boiling with fever and anger.
“So, if they aren’t here why did you decide to bother me?” He throws down the bundle of wires, pulls out the circuit board, frowns and then dives into the chest again.
Sam pops the goggles onto the top of his head and then sends Redwing off to do some scouting ahead. The bird caws as it leaves his shoulder. Bucky doubts the utility of the bird, but he’s not going to say anything especially when Sam agreed to come along on what amounts to a suicide mission. He nods to Sam awaiting his word on where they’re headed. Sam taps his mouth once and points to the east. Bucky moves forward, he always takes point even with Redwing in front of them.
“How that branch continued,” Steven says. “I wondered if they stayed together and if that Stark had children.”
A startled look crossed Tony’s face and he quietly cursed. Tony shook his head. “I don’t know but if he’s caught, Happy’s been instructed to tell them I have been holding him enthrall for the last ten years. He’s to pretend he’s happy to be rescued.”
“The serum is in overdrive. It’s activated to the fullest extent,” said the tall bald scientist. “We’ve done the tests. Once the vampire drinks from him, then the glands should revive fully.”
Jarvis’ better idea had been to ask permission to take Tony on his annual vacation. Tony was sure that Jarvis and Ana had better things to do then to cart a little boy around London on all the sightseeing highlights of England, but they did. On the last day of the trip, Ana took Tony by the hand and brought him into their hotel room. The balcony doors were open to the noisy London street below. It wasn’t a fancy room like the ones Tony had always been used to, but one that offered comfort and warmth. He loved its cramped corners and slanted dormer.
“I have to break that rule, unfortunately,” Tony says. “Because if I want him as my warrior then he has to be broken and bonded to me. We don’t have a lot of time for roses and rainbows, Pep, do we?”
Stunned, Steve stands back. He watches as the ambulance is loaded and Tony fights on the gurney. It’s the first flush of emotion that Steve’s witnessed from Tony since the doctor gave him the medication. It gives him a touch of hope. Strange heads to the ambulance to ride to his clinic while Pepper and Happy go to a car parked on the tarmac. Happy waves for Steve to tag along and directs him to sit in front with him. Steve does, but he’s on pins and needles after Pepper’s accusation.
“Apologize. You have someone here that disrupts my privacy. That’s unforgivable. I don’t care that you’re Jarvis’ nephew, the fact that you don’t take your responsibilities ser-.”
“I’m not going to get into quantum entanglement of particles because I can see just by saying that you going to get frustrated. But let’s just say what you do to one, happens to the other.” Tony drops to sit on the ground and Steve follows him.
He refused to be thwarted. "I'm going to do this. You can either support it or not. This has been going on for far too long."
“Tell you what, I will give you a job if we do this now. I will make you feel useful and you can do important things in the world,” Tony said and waved his hand as if he indicated the entirety of the existence. “Do this and you don’t have to worry about looking over your shoulder.”
As he climbs up the metal steps into the main cabin of the Court vessel, his First, Pep, stands there with her mouth pinched and her eyes showing her disdain. “You’re covered in grease and dirt, Tony. You need to present yourself like a King, otherwise you’ll never win the vote for election in the High Alpha Chair.”
“Logan seems to know about the seizures. Says Steve’s been suffering from them for a while. Not sure how long. But said that they pinned it down to something,” Bruce says. “He didn’t tell me much. No details. He’ll be here by mid-day.”
“I didn’t have an answer for him, so I told him to call Reed Richards. I know Doctor Richards studies that kind of thing.” Bruce chews on his lower lip.
“I don’t think you can use anything in the back room without my consent,” Steve challenges and waits for Tony – this is a test – they both know it. Sure, Tony cannot force Steve to do something that’s not in the contract, but Steve allows quite a bit in his do’s and don’ts.
Even as he suits up, even as JARVIS reviews the limitations of the new armor, Tony parses his feelings trying to categorize why this is so very important. Is it just about a little toy? From his childhood? Is it something more? The captured lion stayed relatively isolated and separated from him. Sure, he spoke to it during his captivity, but there was no unending bond. But he recalls the look of the lion as Yinsen lay dying in Tony’s arms. Maybe he anthropomorphized what he glimpsed, but he swears to this day that the beast ached for the lost, even mourned. Then it turned around and attacked their pursuers. He tells himself he owes that lion. He owes Blu and, for a second, Tony’s not sure which Blu he’s talking about at all.
“Hell, Steve, I wanted it, too. I was as demanding as you were. Next time might be slower. Next time we’ll take all night. But then the time after that we might not. It doesn’t have to be rainbows coming out of your ass every time, you know.”
“It’s called The Legend of Blu,” Steve answers, never tiring of their daughter’s queries. Morgan can already read at the ripe old age of 4 years; she’s been reading for over a year now. But she insists on a bedtime story from her Da every night.
“Well, you’d win that bet. Even with only one arm, Bucky’s quite the shot. He can balance a rifle on that stump as good as any man with two arms. He’s just about as good as Clint with his accuracy though he can’t pick out the range like Clint can.”
Tony stands there like an idiot and a little stunned. He thought they were building a fire. It’s cold and the furnace is only mediocre at best. The wind howls and he hears it through the flue in the chimney. It’s getting dark. He should probably think about dinner. Absently he wonders if Steve ate lunch without him. Scratching at his neck, he realizes he hasn’t cleaned up properly either, and now he kind of stinks like the cobweb infested moldy basement.
“And now?” Tony asks as he settles down next to Steve, his hands busy again checking the bandages on his abdomen. “What do you wish you could have now?”
“Even back in your day Captain, they appeared. Surely you understand that as there were bands of brothers during the war,” Doctor Strange said as his stare bore into Steve. “Though no one really understood it that way, nor did it mark as overtly as it does now. It’s hypothesized that some of the magic leaking into the world may have linked these friends, these troops, together into a pack through their interdimensional energies.”
“Okay,” Steve elongates the o sound, not sure what’s going to happen when they march into a store and demand respect. Tony is
“He used a milk bottle on you,” Tony says and there’s malice in his tone but also misery. “It shattered; it broke inside of you.”
“Yeah, the soul pack has been difficult for him. It’s been growing in leaps and bounds, but now, now he’s accepting each and every one of us. Having Peggy replaced so quickly with Thor, hurt him, but you changed that.”
Tony busies himself with the fire, only furtively glancing over at Steve who spends his time working on the pan and then pouring the water for the tea when the kettle whistles. He places the mugs and the plate with the sandwiches on a tray and brings them over to the living room area. He doesn’t set them in front of the fire, but choses the less casual, less romantic space at the couch. He settles across from the couch in a recliner. Tony accepts it and then takes his seat across from Steve on the couch.
“Done.” It only takes a few minutes for Friday to add, “Pepper texts: It’s for the best, Tony. His head isn’t in the right place. James agrees.”
By the time Tony reaches Bruce’s floor in the Tower, he’s vibrating so hard he thinks he might shake his teeth right out of his head. Walking out of the lift, he scans the living room – Bruce has it decorated with a small sculpted waterfall where the fireplace should be. A few cushions are situated near the water as it cascades down black rocks. Each rock glimmers in the lighting. It’s mesmerizing but Tony tears himself away and heads toward the kitchen which proves to be more utilitarian than the living room. Bruce is standing by the counter with a tea mug and playing with the string of the bag he’s dunking repeatedly.
“I worry for the future of the human race,” Strange says and then leaves the apartment. Wong grunts and follows him with Steve trailing after them. He feels a little like a lost duckling.
Tony agrees and places his cup near the coffee maker. He heads to the laundry room behind the kitchen. He thought he saw another door in the small room that may lead to the basement. He hits the jackpot and flicks on the light switch before attempting the stairs. They’re in a state of disrepair which surprises him since the rest of the house is pristine. When he finds the fuse box, he’s less than impressed; the wiring to the generator looks like a kid jerry-rigged it and the generator probably won’t go on automatically. He spends some time figuring out the wiring plan and then makes a mental note of tools he needs. For the rest of the morning, he rummages through old boxes, crates, and cabinets for tools.
“I think Wong would say you’re a natural at it,” Steve said as he sidled up to Tony’s side. Standing at the sink together as Steve started to scrape the dishes, the warmth of the moment washed over Tony. Steve continued as he rinsed the dishes, seemingly not minding the closeness, the intimacy of the moment. “You’ll have to train us. I can do the physical, but you seem to have a handle on the metaphysical.”
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Tony said again, but still he tasted the bitterness of truth. For so many years he defined himself as successful through his machinations of war. The fact that he hadn’t waged the war had no bearing on the fact that he profited from it gleefully. His conscience had finally caught up with him when his own bomb blew up in his face and led him down the path of redemption. Yet he failed to remember that the path he walked remained fraught with barbs of the past. “I remember that war, you know.” He reached out and plucked a leaf from the corn stalk beyond the fencing. “I remember it. Just before I went to Afghanistan, when the arc reactor and Iron Man all happened.” He added the latter because he didn’t know how much background Thor had learned about him. “I saw the war on television, brushed it off when I looked at the sales report that we were supplying some of the sides. Hell, all of the sides.” He threw the leaf down. “You know.” He looked at Thor. “When you realize that you’re a shit it hurts, but you try and change. Really change. But then your past keeps coming back to haunt you.”
“You jerk, you punk.” The catcalls come from the entrance to the lounge and Steve looks up to see Bucky marching toward him, war on his face.
Natasha slapped him in the arm with the back of her hand. “Clint. You should be worried about what this means for the team, not whether they’re going to break the bed.”
Tony had never confessed about the Movement to anyone. He’d never betrayed that part of his family’s legacy. How could he? And now he needed to bring an Air Force officer into the mix to help him with a man who’d been tortured for years. Who the hell could this guy be?
Tony’s eyes flare with annoyance and a touch of rage. “He could have killed you; I did what I had to do.”
Maybe too much. He threw an arm over his eyes. If he seriously had to drink another pint of cold pig’s blood he might vomit. It tasted like old pennies in his mouth and was just as appetizing. Where was his mate? They’d made the arrangements to meet here. He hoped his mate hadn’t run into trouble. The law prohibited human mates for vampires, considering it a ghoulish enterprise. Sure, a mate supplied caretaking such as running errands during the day and paying debts a vampire never hoped to pay off since vampires weren’t allowed jobs in the human society. Vampires mated by definition with one human in all aspects of the word. They mated and loved one human at a time. That human did the chores and dealt with the daily activities of life but also gave over their body to the vampire. To do with as a vampire pleased. Some unscrupulous vampires used it as an excuse to do unspeakable things to humans, but most of the covens abided by the rules of honor or so Tony had been told. He knew he honored his human mate. Hurting his mate never crossed Tony’s mind. All they had to do was to keep it under wraps since human law forbade it.
“It’s more than that,” Tony says but doesn’t elaborate. He kneels next to Steve. “We have to make this fire bigger or we’re both going to freeze to death. Well, I’ll freeze, you’ll do whatever you do.”
“It’s not,” he whispered. He hated the idea that she acted as his confessional. “I want it. I swear I tried not to, Pepper. I swear it.” Now the tears freely came. The ache in his gut manifested, clear and harsh in the light. “I wanted to make a good life with you. I did. But-.”
“Sure it is. How many dates did you have before you changed into Adonis?” Tony asks. He gets up, rounds the counter, and gets more beer from the fridge. He sets one bottle next to the one Steve’s barely touched.
It must help Steve not to look Tony in the face. “I shouldn’t have done that to you. I used you like I’m some kind of -.” A low weeping sound erupts. “Like some kind of beast. I’m sorry. That’s all I am. All I’ll ever be.”
“Not really,” Steve said. He didn’t admit that Bruce kind of, maybe read his mind. “I don’t have any idea what the point of all of this is. I haven’t really looked any of it up. I just kind of figured it would sort itself out.”
“Don’t mess with my relationship with Kevin,” Tony chides and then waits for Steve to take the lead.
Tony had no idea what the hell Bruce was talking about but he said, “Okay?” The way the bond felt – tenuous, fragile, but also precious and welcoming – caused Tony to quake inside with hope and with horror. “It’s not going to break, is it?”
The doughnut shop had changed everything. After weeks of trying to get Natalie Rushman to fucking acknowledge that she was the same Nat who lived across the hall from Steve – he found himself sitting across from her and Fury.
“What are the facts?” Tony asks and he doesn’t give a shit if he’s prying or not tiptoeing around the truth that Steve Rogers sells his body to support a bunch of slackers.
but he nods. It occurs to him, earlier in their encounter Tony called Steve’s mother by her name – Sarah – and Steve never denied it – never said it was her name or not. Steve the hooker’s mother’s name is Sarah. Just like Steve Rogers. Steve the hooker’s mother died when he was young, just eighteen. Steve the hooker’s mother died of an infectious disease – or TB – just like Steve Rogers.
“Chance,” Steve said and went back to the bathroom. He yelled back to Tony. “And you’re avoiding the subject.”
Wiping the worries aside, Steve completes his task and positions the plug inside. It has a small valve on it that will release lube when he removes it. It should work out fairly well.  It’s always a little weird to walk around with one inside for more than a few minutes, but he’ll get used to it. When he first started at the Widow’s he used to wear one for a few hours every afternoon so it wouldn’t hurt as much when his first client of the day arrived. While he was still tight enough (because Steve learned what size to use to allow just enough give but also present the perfect feeling during penetration), it made it a more of a pleasurable experience for himself.
She grumbles and then Tony hears the plunk of a keychain on the desk – not even a keycard. “Cabin 2. Don’t bother old Logan. He’s got a lot of issues and he likes knives too much. He’s in Cabin 3. He always is.”
'Come on,' he said to Steve, who had been oddly silent throughout the whole procedure. Normally he was as bad as the kids, racing around with them and getting them overexcited. Today, he had barely done more than smile and say goodbye. 'I need to give Tim his bottle.'
They called it the empty cupboard because it was too small and peculiarly-shaped to be actually used for anything. Tony had liked it in spite of, or perhaps because of, its impracticality and so it had stood in the corner of the spare room and sometimes Tony rested a coffee cup on the top of it just to justify its being there. It was about waist high, and at the top and bottom about the width of a drinks coaster. It bulged slightly in the middle, and at its widest point you could have just about wedged a CD case in there, but with no shelf or grooves to hold onto it would have clattered down before long. The whole thing was made of a dark wood, polished and varnished until it looked almost like marble, but most of it was covered by fake leather panels held in by gold plated studs. Steve called it ugly, couldn't understand why Tony kept it, and generally stayed well away from it. Which was another reason it was the perfect hiding place for this particular present.
Partly this was because while the monster that had been Stark simply barrelled through, tossing aside anything in his way, Steve had to dodge flying cars, collapsing walls, and any other debris. Of course, he also had to try and catch the cars, hold up the walls and get civilians safely away, which held him up further.
Tony began his usual routine for these situations. First, he checked his watch for the time and date. Then he realised the date wasn't much use to him as he couldn't remember when he had started the lab session, but he was too embarrassed to ask Jarvis. Either way, he saw it was just after 11AM, so he would be able to get the tea himself and not have to get Pepper to send someone out in the middle of the night and listen to her explain their different definitions of 'emergency' again. And, though the date didn't tell him much, he was pretty sure it meant that Happy wouldn't be around.
'I'm sorry,' Steve said, seeming to notice the mess he'd made for the first time. 'Sorry, I just... sorry.'
'Yeah, you are.' Stark dismissed. He leaned in towards Peter and spoke, his stage-whisper clearly audible through the helmet's speakers. 'Is he always this dumb?'
At that Natasha couldn't suppress a shout of laughter, flipping over again so that she could look at him and his delightfully pink face.
Peter obediently bit into his lunch. Steve watched him for a minute before he realised that he had been with Peter for the whole duration of Stark’s short visit and this subject had never come up.
to progress the conversation towards the point where the Captain was no longer wearing clothes. But that was a lost cause, for the moment. There was nothing less sexy than being reminded that his dad had existed.
Steve set his chin determinedly, ready to argue his case, but then Barnaby smiled and everything else disappeared from his mind. He only just remembered to text Bucky as they headed down the street together.
At that, Steve’s brain completely short circuited. As they’d debated, they must have been getting closer and closer together because now Steve could practically
Tony stared and stared. He was trying to convince himself that it must just be a relic of the olden days, but he knew it wasn't true. He'd only acquired the empty cupboard a year or so before meeting Steve, when he'd already calmed down on the playboy thing. And anyway, this was the spare room. They barely came in here. They certainly never used the bed.
'You kidnapped me,' Peter said, a little uncertainly. Maybe Mr Osborn really had been kidnapped too, and they were both trapped.
‘I think you’re overestimating the complexity of what you can say with flowers,’ Steve said. He desperately wanted to ask exactly what Tony had done to this car, but it seemed rude to. It was stereotypical of him, but Steve couldn’t visualise Tony working on cars at all. He always imagined mechanics looking like, well, his friend Bucky; who was working in a garage that summer. Tony looked like the sort of guy who should be lazing by the pool, or designing interiors, or something. Still, Steve stored this little nugget of information away like a dragon jealously guarding his hoard. He wanted to know everything about Tony. He just didn’t know how to ask.
For someone who had insisted that he wanted to lie low, Tony Stark- Iron Man- was certainly making an entrance; flying down at speed surrounded by an impressive array of fireworks.
Which was a joke, because they had only worked together a handful of times and she barely knew him; the guy was so far in his shell that no amount of pecking was ever going to get him out. And she herself was hardly known for her openness and ability to make friends. In any case, she had the pleasure of being the one asked to report to Fury when Cap finally took up the shield again, before going out to join Iron Man, who had just disabled a whole team of agents in a matter of seconds, and flying away unchallenged.
She started clearing up the bathroom, seeing for the first time the bottles and jars of toiletries and make up she had scattered everywhere in her frantic search of the cabinet. And Steve had been around for that little display. Damn, she was so embarrassed. She had made him,
He woke up an indeterminate amount of time later, tied to a chair, and being screamed at in a language he did not understand. (He briefly cursed Meredith for only teaching him Mandarin instead of whatever regional-dialect-of-something this was.) Even so, it didn't take a genius to work out what they wanted, as the leader pointed back and forth between himself and the broken pieces of the suit that lay on the workbench. He was back in the same old cell. He glanced towards the cell door. They hadn't yet removed Yinsen's body.
Happy pulled the car to a halt outside the entrance, and Tony pasted on his best media smile as the door opened and he stepped out.
“Maybe you should ask Tony to take you,” Angie smirked. “He can hold your hand, take care of you, protect you from the big, bad dentist.”
As creepy as Howard’s office was with its window into the pool, this room made Steve’s skin crawl much more. He had no desire to linger here any longer than he had to. He was ready to leave when he noticed the door in the opposite corner of the room.
Part of him considered just ignoring it, taking a cold shower and forgetting all about it. But then he stepped into the shower, saw the shampoo bottle and registered that it was the exact colour of some of Tony’s scales and his dick twitched.
“What do we got?” Dr. Pym called, running towards the paramedics wheeling a screaming woman into the ER.
“Done,” Tony announced, stepping back. But when he looked at Steve, it was with a cocktail of anger and disappointment and frustration written across his face. Steve bristled.
“Uh, okay,” he shrugged. “Peg’s been coaching me on the questions and making sure I’ve got all my dates and stuff. The DA called again yesterday to check up on me.”
“Unless the world is going to end. Yeah, we know,” Tony nodded. “Pretty sure that could’ve been a phone call, though.”
“You can say thank you,” Alexander murmured, his eyes lingering on Steve’s mouth. “Just you and I. Like you used to.”
“I can clear the calendar but I can’t guarantee best behaviour. You have met the rest of my team, right?”
“I was riding my bike,” Johnny explained. “My boyfriend was with me. And there was this car, this… red Buick, I think, it came out of nowhere, it was coming the other way and came into my lane. I swerved and I missed it, but the bike skidded on the gravel at the side of the road and, and it fell. Peter got hurt so I called an ambulance.”
“Good,” Tony said, leaning over to kiss him on the cheek. “Because I really don’t want to have to take you to the ER on your first night here. I feel like that sets a bad precedent.”
“Anyway, amazingly, you two going to town on each other is not the most disgusting thing I’ve seen tonight,” Bucky continued. “You will not believe what I just saw. You know, I thought Josie’s was a reputable establishment.”
Then Stark jumped out of the Medevac, jogging to get under the overhang and out of the driving rain, and Steve sprinted forward. Scott’s eyebrows flew up as Steve embraced Stark. They were talking but distance and the rain made it impossible to hear what they were saying. Steve had his back to them, but Scott could see Stark’s face and his expression was soft and adoring as he looked up at Steve. Then he cupped Steve’s cheek with his palm, saying something inaudible, and Steve clearly leaned into the touch.
“Right. Good,” Steve nodded suspiciously. “Because I still make the same salary you do. Just because my boyfriend is a billionaire, doesn’t mean I’m accepting handouts from him.”
Steve shrugged. “It’s okay. Sorry I forgot we had sex.” Besides, sometimes he wasn’t exactly sure that he wasn’t crazy.
“Allergic like you’re allergic to bee stings, or allergic like you’re allergic to seafood and we need to get out of here now or I’m going to learn how to use an Epipen today?”
Steve hung up, then let out a ragged breath. He stared at the phone, then realised there was somewhere he needed to be.
. I wanna look at my kid, and know I love them more than anything in the world. So, uh, yeah. I want kids. Someday.” He swallowed nervously. “D’you want kids?”
“Yeah, but I’m going to say Peter probably wants you there as much as you want to be with him.” Pushing his hands into his pockets, Dr. Stark smiled privately. “I know a little something about that.”
Tony smiled automatically, then rolled his eyes. Jesus, he was ridiculous. They’d been together for almost six months, he shouldn’t still be smiling at the mere sound of Steve’s voice.
“You could break Twitter?” Tony suggested. He leaned over and started cutting Steve’s chicken into bitesize chunks. “We have an official Avengers account that we’re currently only using for Thor’s gym selfies.”
“You know we’re kidding, right?” Daniel teased, sliding his arms around Peggy’s waist and kissing her neck.
He crossed to the foot of the stairs, his heart felt like it was trying to break free from his chest, hope swelling with every step. Surely Steve wouldn’t come all this way to Jersey just to break up with him in public, would he?
“You didn’t divorce him, did you? Cause you are never going to find anyone as good for you as him. Don’t know what it is, but somehow you two just work. Shouldn’t, but you do.”
He let out a choked back moan, twisting his face into the pillow, causing his sweat-soaked hair to stick up in all directions.
Tony nodded. He listened carefully; whoever was coming along the corridor was not a professional, they were far too noisy for that. Tony waited until the last possible moment before stepping out and raising his hand. A bullet pinged off of his chest and Tony dropped his hand as he recognised the person in front of him, his helmet folding back.
“Beautiful,” he whispered, flicking open the lube with one hand. “Gonna take such good care of you, honey.”
“No, I told them that. You’re an Avenger now, we can’t schedule things that far in advance,” Ari interrupted. “Um, Miss Potts wanted me to ask you to go through your art collection - apparently there’s some kind of charity fundraiser, famous people donating famous pieces of art, lots of big names, lots of big numbers - she wants to donate something but she wanted to check with you first. The deadline is a week Friday, when should I schedule that?”
“Just fucking do it, asshole,” Steve muttered to himself, yanking the apartment door open and stepping outside.
Tony’s mouth curved up into a soft smile. Steve felt him relax a little beneath his hands and squeezed his shoulder encouragingly.
Then he slung his backpack onto one shoulder and picked up the box, balancing it on one hip and holding the envelope in the other. He made his way downstairs to the admin department, ignoring the curious glances he received from staff.
“You know you don’t have to finish all your Christmas shopping on December 1st, right?” Steve teased as Daniel debated the merits of perfume versus a cashmere scarf.
He couldn’t do laundry, because there was just too much; he’d need to do several loads and then dry them, before folding and putting away all his clothes once they were clean and no, just no. That was too much.
family. My social worker said that she would try and find my father but she barely tried before giving up. So I’m going to find him myself and I’m going to live with him. And if you won’t help me, I’ll find him myself.”
“Of course I do,” Nefaria smiled. “You want to make a difference. That’s what you’ve always wanted, isn’t it? The chance to help people, make things better. Get rid of all those fools in power who make decisions which only help themselves. If you were part of my organisation, you would have access to money and resources to improve things for ordinary people.”
“I guess,” Steve sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face. “I still don’t like it, but if it’s the best way to stop him, I guess it’s a sacrifice I have to make.”
He handed Ellie over. As Steve had predicted, she was sticky with peanut butter but he didn’t care as she snuggled into his chest and murmured, “Pa.”
But when Tony removed his shirt and revealed the clotted blood on his arm, Steve was suddenly wide awake again.
When he returned, Tony and Bruce were talking quietly, Bruce kneeling at the edge of the pool and pushing his glasses further up his nose. Steve remembered thinking that was endearing, the first time they met. He shot Tony a smile and, to his surprise, he received a tentative one in return. Hoisting the bag of sand further onto his shoulder, he made his way down to the pump room.
“Right,” Tony agreed instantly. “If it makes you more comfortable, go for it. But you don’t have to leave on our account, right?”
“Tired,” Tony admitted. He hadn’t slept properly since before the trial started, his dreams haunted by flashbacks from Afghanistan and the explosion at Castello Malvagio, always with Steve caught in the middle.
There were the usual articles about the Stark family and the architectural publications gushing about the design, then the Tumblr and reddit posts from explorers. Steve scrolled through them, finding lots of posts about how the house was supposedly haunted, but nothing about the creature in the pool with a penchant for knives.
“With you? Definitely,” Tony nodded, nudging Steve’s chin up so he could capture his lips again. “If you want to.”
And while this heat wasn’t as bad as his last - a product no doubt of the fact that he’d only just weaned his pup - it still hurt and sex sounded great right about now. Especially considering the fact that Tony was right upstairs and he’d caught a whiff of Tony’s scent when he was scenting Ellie.
He blinked in surprise. “I’m fine,” he insisted. “I promise. I’ve felt worse after a night out with Peggy.”
God, he really was going to die at the hands of some James Bond villain reject, wasn’t he? Tony shook his head, trying to dislodge the roaring in his ears as he fought to stay conscious.
Tony’s heart jumped into his throat. He could feel his pulse quickening as the fear set in. “What do you mean he’s gone? He can’t be gone.”
Steve tilted his head back onto Tony’s shoulder, enjoying the way the alcohol was making him loosen up, and smiled up at him.
“It’s a beautiful ring,” Natasha said truthfully. “And I only just met her, but from my first impression of Pepper, it seems perfect.”
He unbuttoned Steve’s jeans, pulling them and his boxers down to his thighs with one hand, while cracking open the lube with the other. Drizzling the lube onto his hand, Tony stroked Steve’s dick, watching Steve jerk up into Tony’s hand. He jerked him off for a few minutes, before pulling Steve’s jeans and boxers off completely.
“Urgh, Doc, really?” Wade Wilson exclaimed. “I thought I was supposed to call you not the other way around.”
“No idea,” Steve replied then sighed as Ellie soaked the front of his shirt. “And on that note, I think bath time is over. Can you grab that towel?” he asked Tony, while trying to contain his wet and wriggly pup.
He couldn’t imagine Arnie living anywhere that wasn’t Brooklyn but the SHIELD file he’d read while he was pregnant said that Arnie and his late husband - Michael, an alpha who he’d married a few months before he passed away once marriage between alphas was legalised - had moved out of the city when Michael’s health deteriorated.
“Hey,” Steve smiled, biting back a grin because Tony was playing the part of the billionaire businessman and it was incredible. His suit was steel grey and his tie bright red and his smile was just on the right side of sharp to be mildly uncomfortable for anyone not on his side.
Ignoring Tony’s warning, Clint cut through the green wire. Tony winced, but the knot of cables fell apart.
“If you murder me, I’m haunting your ass for the rest of eternity,” Bruce warned. “And remember, I’ve seen your ass.”
The idea of sitting on a twenty year old inflatable couch on the roof of his building in Tony Stark’s arms was pretty unbelievable. But the reality turned out to be pretty much the best feeling of Steve’s life. By the time the Horned King used the cauldron to raise the dead, Steve’s thumb was running back and forth on Tony’s knee, and by the time Gurgi was resurrected, Tony’s cheek was resting on top of Steve’s head.
“No,” Tony admitted. “But we can wait a few hours until he wakes up before we call your social worker. So he can have a say in what happens next.”
She studied him carefully. He stood steady under her gaze, knowing that this went deeper than one single event. If he pulled this off, it could smooth things out between them for once and for all, establishing them as more than just Tony’s boyfriend and his ex.
“Not a problem, Mr Stark,” Marci replied. “Yes, as I was saying, I have a copy of the contract for each of us to read over. I’ve made the changes we spoke about, gentlemen. And if everyone’s happy then we can sign and get this over and done with.”
“I think I should be thanking you,” Coulson said. “I just wish I could’ve captured the expression of the cashier in Toys R Us when I told her that buying all that Avengers merchandise was a matter of national security.”
“Believe me, he’s seen me do much worse,” Tony assured him. But he stepped back, tangling their fingers again. “Let’s go.”
His heart sank, and the feeling of failure he’d been fighting off came crashing in. Maybe he was just looking for something that didn’t exist, some new mystery to solve since he’d failed so spectacularly elsewhere.
The water rippled and the top of a head slowly emerged until two eyes glared at him. Steve raised his eyebrows. Tony rolled his eyes then raised his head and called, “I told you if you ever came back here, I’d kill you.”
Angie punched his bicep playfully. “You’ll always be Brooklyn at heart, Steve. No matter where you live.”
“Steve,” Stark yelled. He was out of the chair and sprinting down the corridor before Natasha realised what was happening. Abandoning her test results, she raced after him.
“I got seventy years of back pay to blow,” Bucky insisted. “And a boyfriend who doesn’t like shiny things. What d’you want?”
Steve straightened, wiping his mouth with the towel, before turning to look at Tony curiously. And just like that, Tony’s nerves disappeared and he wondered with a smile why the hell he’d waited so long.
“Thank you,” Julie Wilson said as she stepped up to the podium. Once again, her eyes lingered on Steve. “As you may know, Dream Master Inc has dedicated itself to creating not-for-profit enterprises which will fund this and other new grants. Education is one of the pillars of our society. The future generations will change the world, and if we’re lucky, we’ll see them do it.”
The extended delay to his heat made everything more intense than usual, to the point where Steve felt like he wanted to claw his skin off. It hurt and nothing worked on him to lessen the pain, although Bucky managed to wrangle a double shot of morphine for him just in case.
When they arrived home, Steve bid Rhodey a goodnight and retreated to his bedroom. Pulling out his phone, he flicked through his open tabs until he found the contact page for Dr. Helen Cho. Slowly, painstakingly, he filled out his details in the form, putting in everything he didn’t want to admit to but knew he needed to deal with. Then, without a second thought, he hit send. Instantly his phone informed him that he had a new email from Dr. Helen Cho, which thanked him for his enquiry and explained that someone would be in touch as soon as possible and that if it was an emergency he should call 911.
Tony glanced up from the Dreadnought he was disassembling at Bucky’s exclamation, and found him gaping at the workshop in fascinated horror.
Instead, he picked up the net and moved to the edge of the pool to begin scooping out the debris from the water under Tony’s watchful eye.
When Tony returned to the bedroom after getting ready for bed, Steve was slouching against the headboard, a book in hand.
He’d been dreaming, and it was a good dream. Steve was there, they were at a ball and they were dancing and talking. They were going to make it work, because they both wanted it, they weren’t fighting any longer and Steve was about to tell him something.
Joseph smirked. “Keep telling yourself that, Stevie. Let’s just make it the same amount every time. You’ve got my account details. If I don’t see it in my account in a month, well… There’s a lot of people interested in you these days, Stevie.”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded. “And you know, I was thinking we could start looking for a place, somewhere a little more permanent than this. We both have jobs so that should help with getting a mortgage and oh my God, I sound so grown up. Please kiss me again so I stop talking,” he begged.
Because capitalism meant that the hospital was owned by private companies rather than the county these days. And private companies only cared about the bottom line. And the bottom line didn’t like offering expensive but essential tests to people who couldn’t afford insurance. People like Clint’s ex-fiancée who he was kind-of, sort-of, maybe still be a little bit in love with.
“Oh, Stevie. I don’t blame you for that,” Arnie laughed. “You woke up seventy years in the future, alone and pregnant. And that’s without the alien invasion. I think you had enough on your plate.”
He snatched up the phone. It wasn’t like there would be a reply, right? After all, Tony Stark probably had thousands of matches and likes. There was no way he would bother to message Steve. And Angie might’ve called, or Peggy and Daniel might need a babysitter. And he’d started another Twitter argument this morning. So really, he wasn’t looking for anything from Tony. There were other, much more important reasons for checking his phone.
“See what I mean?” Loki sighed. “Mother, I’ll be back in a few hours. Dr. Banner is going to take care of you.”
It didn’t make sense. Or, rather, it made too much sense. Because the fact was, if Tony had simply “disappeared”, then why would Stane be making all those references to Tony’s lack of interest in the company? The possible only explanation was that Stane
“I’m not grumpy,” Steve argued. Off of Daniel’s look, he added, “If I am grumpy, it’s not my fault.”
Returning to the first floor, Steve crossed the lounge to reach the den, the cosy corner room which Steve had fallen in love with the first time he saw it. The sofa took up most of the floor space - a huge, plush thing which Steve instantly threw himself into - and shelves filled with books. Then there was the TV hanging over the fireplace which could provide him with any TV show, movie, or music his heart desired thanks to JARVIS. Steve adored the den.
He wasn’t afraid for himself, he realised belatedly. It was all Tony. He’d been terrified someone would see Tony, now that the water was clearer.
He picked up the cardboard file box he’d decided to liberate and began packing his belongings into it. He figured after everything the least they could do was give him a box. Wordlessly, Angie left the doorway and began helping him. Steve felt a rush of gratitude for her silent support. After six years, she knew exactly what he needed. God, he loved her.
“Thanks, J,” Tony replied, sitting back. He ran his hand through Steve’s hair, smiling at the way it was sticking up. “I’ll be right back.”
Fury just stared at him then turned back to the elevator, shaking his head and muttering, “Vanity, thy name is Stark.”
Steve shook his head, a smile spreading across his face despite his efforts to stop it. Because Tony was right, of course. He was always right. “What are you doing here? I thought you were going home. Or to explore.”
Another shape moved beneath the surface, breaking through a few feet away, and Steve let out a sob of relief at the sight of Tony’s face. He jumped to his feet, limping towards the steps and began climbing into the pool, heedless of his boots or his jeans. Tony swam up to him and Steve reached for him and Tony’s hands were outstretched until finally Steve could touch him, his fingers digging into Tony’s shoulders.
Steve felt Tony’s cock pressing against him and he began to sink down. It burned a little, because despite his confident words, it had been five months without his husband.
Steve stepped into his classroom, after returning the TV to the humanities resource room following his final class of the day, and did a double take when he found Bucky Barnes sitting on a desk in the centre of the room.
He accepted handshakes from several of the investors as they dispersed throughout the room. Angie was already deep in discussion with two about the One to One programme, while another had instantly caught Dr. Helen Cho to discuss medical research. They all looked interested and enthusiastic, and Steve breathed a sigh of relief.
, Steve thought bitterly. He glanced around, relieved to find no trace of his paparazzi followers, then crossed the cafe to his table.
Returning to his own room, Steve pulled on a half-worn pair of jeans, shoving his feet into his flip flops, and rifling through the pile of clean laundry on his desk chair until he found his
“So I guess you might need some things?” Tony said, still watching Ellie with what looked like adoration. Which was insane because everyone knew that alphas struggled to make connections with pups that weren’t their own. Most of them tried - the stories of alphas attacking pups that weren’t their own were in reality few and far between and usually the kinds of assholes who just wanted an excuse for their bad behaviour - but without the scent connection, alphas struggled with young pups.
The cry was weak and faint and had Tony’s heart jumping into his throat. He scrambled to his feet, hurrying through the apartment to the bathroom, where he found Steve leaning over the sink, his arms trembling as they attempted to keep him up.
Tony pulled back, pressing their foreheads together, and gazed into Steve’s eyes. Their breath mingled and while the nurse in Steve knew the dizziness came from breathing each other’s air, the romantic in him thought it was just Tony. He’d always been intoxicating, even from that first meeting when the heat of his palm seared Steve’s hand and Steve knew then and there that something was different about this guy.
“Exactly,” he said. “Excellent point. Why didn’t I think of that? You want the Audi?” he asked and it took Steve a moment to realise that Tony was talking to him now.
“See you,” Tony replied, but Steve frowned, because Tony’s reply was lacklustre and missing his usual snark.
Tony was elbow deep in the belly of the suit when his music cut out, leaving the workshop in silence.
Tony nodded. “Evie Rose held it a little too close to her birthday candles and the plastic melted. It’s his.”
When he reached the terrace, Tony was waiting in the pool outside, resting his chin on his fist as he leaned against the tiles and stared up at Steve.
“Don’t worry, she really will be fine,” Natasha promised. “I’m going to get - ah, Steve! Steve, this is Lorna and Charles.”
“Can I get you anything?” he asked the lawyer. “Coffee? Tea? Water?” His eyes flickered traitorously towards Tony when he said water and he found Tony watching him with barely contained amusement. Steve realised he would have to stop looking at Tony or there was no way he was going to make it through this without laughing until he cried.
And Steve really didn’t think any more of it, not until he walked into the staff room at lunch and found half of the arts and humanities departments huddled around the TV, blocking the screen from view.
Despite the early hour, Steve couldn’t get back to sleep, not knowing Tony was out there putting himself at risk against the Dreadnoughts.
When he finally released Steve’s nipple, Tony kissed his way up Steve’s chest until he could capture his mouth again, sucking Steve’s lower lip into his mouth and rolling it between his teeth before releasing it with a wet
“It’s fine,” Steve assured him. “I think I can entertain myself for a few hours while you go do business. I have those boxes to sort out.”
Natasha smirked at him over her shoulder. Tony dragged himself off of the quinjet and followed the rest of the team inside with another yawn. He could feel his bed calling to him.
With a bowl of steaming pasta reheated in the microwave, Steve curled up in the corner of the couch, balancing his laptop on the armrest, and searched for
Bucky glowered and muttered, “Bah!” but Steve smiled, catching Natasha’s smirk and relaxed. Teasing, he decided, and trying to make him more comfortable in her own, somewhat unconventional, way.
“Well, um, I was helping Dr. Pym with a patient and she’s been having these episodes of psychosis for two years. She’s been to every psychiatrist in the city and on every medication possible - you should see her file, I’ve read smaller medical textbooks - and, and they all say that it’s, uh, a result of her assault which, I, I don’t think they’re right. Now, I don’t have any medical reason to back this up, I just, I feel it. In my gut. And… And I wanna run some tests. Please. If that’s okay.”
Before Clint could crow about Thor’s support, Tony pointed out, “That’s the man who unironically wore a soul patch until we removed it, which tells you a lot about his taste.”
“Did you hit your head? Do you have a concussion? Here, let me take a look. Where does it hurt? Do you have an egg on your head?”
“Not great,” Harry shrugged. “The AC’s fucked in my apartment again. And my super’s an asshole who takes weeks to fix anything. I’d pay for an engineer myself but I don’t have that kind of money.”
“Oh, you mean like this?” Bobbi began to retch into her hands and even though Steve knew she was faking it, he had the sudden urge to grab a bowl because - he had to hand it to her - it looked so realistic.
“Hmm, yeah,” Steve nodded, stretching across the floor for his backpack. It was just out of reach but he was too lazy to move, wriggling his fingers and huffing, then letting out a cry of triumph when his ring finger caught the strap. Yanking the bag with him, he sat up again and found Tony staring at him, a strange expression on his face. “What?”
“Dr. Stark, nice of you to join us,” Natasha smirked at the man who came in with the paramedics. “You’re late.”
Angie twisted her mouth to the side, considering. “I think I’m just going to be a pain in the ass,” she decided with a grin.
“No,” Tony scoffed. “Maybe a little.” He pursed his lips. “I just wish there was something more we could do to help.”
playlist. Hannah plucked the phone from his hand, gazing at the brightly dressed presenters with wide-eyed fascination as if she hadn’t watched it a hundred times before, enough that the majority of the recommendations on Steve’s YouTube were toddler-related videos.
“I was in the area,” Fury shrugged. “Also, when your boy is ready to start looking for another job, give me a call. My niece just started Midtown and I know the principal. I can put in a good word.”
Steve’s breath hitched and he bit back a moan. Untangling one hand from the pillow, he shifted it to cover Tony’s hand where he was leaning against the mattress. Tony couldn’t help but smile at the sight of their hands entwined, losing his rhythm momentarily in his distraction until Steve let out a disgruntled grunt.
Tony’s hand twitched around the tablet as he scrolled through Wilson’s notes. “You were in here four weeks ago with a broken nose. And three weeks before that with a dislocated shoulder. Two months ago you got stabbed in the leg.”
“So fucking beautiful,” Tony shook his head, letting his hand run down Steve’s sternum and watching the patches of gooseflesh that erupted in its wake. “Can’t believe you’re all mine.”
“Wait a minute,” Clint’s head snapped up as he frowned. “Isn’t Liho the, uh, embodiment of evil and misfortune or whatever?”
Tony blinked and then an expression of delight spread across his face. He picked up a raw prawn and tossed it into the air to catch with his mouth. “Enjoy,” he grinned.
“Celebrate later?” he suggested. He wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist. “I kinda want to go home. Home home, not the apartment.”
“Punk,” Bucky shook his head, throwing an abandoned eraser at Steve’s head, grinning when it bounced off his forehead.
But that wasn’t all Steve could see. He saw the skin stretched over Tony’s ribs, far too visible, no doubt due to the past ten years without proper food. He saw the unnatural tint to his skin, and even though Steve was unfamiliar with what a healthy skin colour for a mer was, he was pretty sure that wasn’t it.
Tony crawled up Steve’s body, sealing their mouths together in a kiss. Then he was nudging Steve onto his side, and a slick hand rubbed lube onto the inside of Steve’s thighs.
“Are you honestly telling me that you believe there would be the same complaints if a female member of staff was dating Tony? I think we both know that there wouldn’t be. So they can take their homophobic bullshit and stuff it up their ass,” he finished.
When he was in college, he used to write songs every so often. A few stuck with him. There was the one following his nan’s death, then the ones he wrote for Peggy, Daniel and Angie, the one about living on his own.
Josie’s was quieter than usual, probably due to the early hour, and Steve filled the time by glancing around the room at the other customers, even if people watching wasn’t as fun without Peggy and Angie. At a table at the far end of the room, he noticed a woman wearing an expression Steve could only describe as shattered. Her eyes were fixed on something; following her gaze, Steve found she was watching the TV above the bar, which showed a unit of soldiers reuniting with their families at an airport. He watched a toddler run into her mother’s waiting arms then glanced back at the woman, who subtly tried to wipe below her eyes.
Rhodes shifts and says, “It’s time.” He nods to the stage where Pepper’s about to take the podium. “Perhaps later?”
He got back to the Tower in a pissy mood only to be greeted by Pepper who kept talking about moving back to California. She didn’t much like New York City. Sure, she liked the fashion and the cafes and the museums, but she hated the rush of the city and the coldness that came with that rush. She wanted to feel the sun and be in the mansion by the warm Pacific Ocean. The Hudson and the Atlantic were too cold for her.
It means that the rope has to hold them and that Steve balances the weight with his boots on the rock wall. He gets into position, the weight on his back forcing an extra effort but not an encumbrance.  He pushes off and, hand over hand, heaves them up a few feet.
Steve glances around the cold wreck. He lifts a shoulder. “No idea. I don’t see how Ultron could be so wrong about me. Why a Quin Jet?”
Steve handles all the equipment and Tony hears him place in the bench in the specific cubbies. “Headache.”
“Of course,” he said, and his shoulders slumped as he looked up into the cloudy sky. Why did he have to have a pack filled with not only assassins but smart asses as well.
“Yeah, you’ve been caught in the Hub for three days. We barely were able to pull you out before we finally defeated Ultron.”
Frigga? The Silver Knight’s mind twists as the name pops into his head along with an image of a mighty warrior that wielded a magic hammer and lightning. “Thor?”
When Logan walks into his hospital room, Steve is sitting on the side of the bed with his bare feet dangling over the edge. They gave him scrubs instead of the hospital gown which Steve is grateful for, but he wishes he could just have some regular clothes and get out of the medical bay floor of the Tower. That’s not happening, not yet anyway. Bruce isn’t convinced that Steve’s not going to take a header off the building or walk into traffic or set the place on fire all the sudden if another seizure attacks him.
“I did. I mean, I do. I just wanted to find out if my father had anything to do with this search for immortality.” Tony placed the current volume he had clutched in his hands on the desk.
“I’ll find you again, I swear it,” Steve says and then kisses the crown of Tony’s head. The feel of arms around him, the weight of Tony against him comforts Steve and he drifts farther and farther away until he opens his eyes again and realizes how long he’s been lying on the bed.
There are designs of ships and stations, of robots and armors. All of it originates from the prince’s mind. He’s heard tales of the prince’s genius – how he’s single handed designed most of the ships in the fleet, the armors used, and the different weapons technologies. Stark Systems reap the rewards, yes, but they are certainly earned. The only potential challenger to the title in the past years Steve recalls is a man named Hammer, whose technology failed in multiple skirmishes throughout the front.
He loses his breath and after that, he’s not sure what happens. He finds himself back in his car on the way to the airport, his hands clutching the wheel as if he might explode into pieces. Do his desires make him wicked? Is he only after one thing? Is Obie right? Is everyone right?
“Has it felt wrong all those times in the dream?” she asked. Her hand remained on his shoulder. It felt real and tender.
“Are you in heat, SR?” Tony tastes the letters – SR. Just doesn’t sound or feel right to him. “Nope, SR. Do you like that? Or should I just call you One?”
Once he has Tony disrobed he settles him on the cot under the thin blanket there. He has his bedroll from Shield and goes to retrieve it. Untying it, he brings it to Tony and lays it on him, tucking it in.
“It’s not about him. It’s not about the most moral man I’ve ever known. The best man. No, it’s about his last gift to us,” Howard said, his expression troubled, tormented. Tony had read enough books from the Lord of the Rings books to the Lord of the Flies to understand a haunted man.
“This we will do together,” Steve says. He lies back on the recliner and Tony takes it as an invitation. He crawls up onto Steve’s lap, curling his head against his chest and listening to his heartbeat.
Steve nods again; he’s speechless, muted by what he’s prepared to do. How he can so easily turn on his team. He shudders and stows the shield again.  It’s time to get on with it. They need to get up the mountain.
In the spacious shower -with so many jets of water it must be criminal-, they kiss again. Languid but not lazy. They kiss with their mouths but also with their hands. Hands rove bodies, caressing and touching. Each time Steve brushes over Tony’s chest he shudders in delight, each time Tony sucks at Steve’s neck he moans with desire. This isn’t a fuck and Steve knows it; his heart hammers in his chest but his mind soars. He wants to call this something else, something dangerous, but he forces his eyes open, he forces himself to think about his motions and not this spreading feeling through him that needs Tony in ways that are not permitted.
A sharp intake of breath and then a more subtle release. “Nothing. I just don’t want to overstep my boundaries. I understand I’m your employee.”
The brush of his hand, his flesh hand, on Steve's shoulder startles him and he jerks. That's when Bucky hears the scrape and clatter of chains. Of course the Skull would tether him even in his weakened state. Yet as Steve begins to move and moan something else clunks and scratches at the cold stone floor. It sounds heavy and thick. That's when Bucky sees it as Steve moves his head into the light. He can barely turn his head, barely shift and get comfortable. Because the thing wrapped around him, caging him looks like his own private hell.
“We do a lot, and I care. More than you know,” Tony said and for not the first time felt a growing urge to change things, to listen to his omega. The idea of it went so against how he was brought up, how his mentor trained him to be an alpha all those years ago. He scowled inwardly and said, “I’m asking you. What do you like?”
As they entered the building, the abrupt change in lighting made Tony blink away the after images. He looked around the empty lobby. A large free standing sculpture of the Stark Industries logo stood in the center. It threw weird shadows around the marble entrance way. Tony frowned as he studied it.
None of it makes any sense. Captain America shouldn't be alive and he shouldn't be turning tricks to survive. Just the thought of Steve servicing other men or women turns his stomach. He flashes through the data as it streams around him in his workshop. Nothing hints at a reasonable explanation. Just as he's about to query JARVIS for more data on the crash that supposedly killed the red, white, and blue clad hero, Obie interrupts him.
That’s the end of that. Steve tucks his phone under the cushion and he hears the door creak open. Vision lightly walks into the room. He acknowledges Steve on the couch, and he takes a chair to the side of the bed. The windows are shaded and the lighting in the room is low, but Steve doesn’t ask for full darkness. He suspects that Tony had Vision prep the room specifically for Steve since lighting doesn’t matter to him. He turns over and pulls the blanket up to his shoulders. It’s not quite long enough to cover his feet, but he doesn’t mind.
“No, I think this is important for Steve to see,” Tony says. “You do remember what you did last night, right? Steve, you remember?”
Tony weighs the idea. His fingers tap a rhythm on the table. “Do you think we could pull it off by Labor Day?”
Strange enters the surgical suite and once again goes over the procedure. It won’t be anything more than what they do when they replace the lens during cataract surgery, though they will have to inject into the vitreous humor in the back of the eye. The pre-programmed Pym nanotech particles will be injected and then they will migrate to the optic nerve at the back of the eye. Once they invade the nerve, they will start to accumulate and then build a bridge from the eye to the brain’s optic center near the back of the skull. It’s estimated it will take 7 days for the nanotech particles to do their job.
Panting, Tony curses that the interface with JARVIS he installed isn’t currently up to grade yet. “JARVIS? JARVIS?”
“Yes, yes,” Steve says and grits his teeth as he siezes through a violent attack of pain. “It’ll get better. I’m better, Tony. Really.”
Steve directs his attention to the ridge where they first identified a potential safe haven.  The wind stirs up the lightly powdered snow cover over the icier sheets below it. It’s difficult to make out the details. “Do you see something?”
He rests his head on Tony’s lower belly as he comes down from his second climax. The prince pants and sighs against him. He reaches down and runs his hands through Steve’s hair. “After the luncheon, will you spend time with me in the observatory?”
“Devolved you mean. There is no way that’s a higher function.” Steve wishes he’d planned on sunglasses. As the sun reflects off the white of the snow, his light eyes ache. Being snow blind decreases their chances exponentially. “You should use whatever flying function you can manage and-.”
Ross chuckles at Steve’s words. He’s reclining in the chair, not sitting forward and not confronting them. “I’m not here to make this more difficult than it needs to be.”
His play to stop Steve is weak and pathetic, so Steve continues his work, carefully and gently scrubbing at the infected flesh.
“It’s more, isn’t it?” It feels like Bruce is whispering in his ear but he hasn’t moved; he’s sitting across from Tony. He leans forward, seeking to find what Tony only knows.
Instead, he sunk onto the riverbank and reached out along the other bonds he had just tried to splice away from him. He found them strong and hurt but still there. Grappling, Steve tugged and comforted himself with the constant knowledge they were still there, they were coming for him, his pack. All was not lost. He released his grip on reality, collapsing into the void that reminded him of the hell within his nightmares.
It’s only later, much later when they know one another and when they are at peace with who they are than Steve asks Tony a question that changes everything.
“No. I wanted to talk to someone impartial -or someone – well someone other than Nat or Wanda.” Steve sits on the bed, rocking slightly with the pent up energy.
Steve looks straight ahead, watching the twinkling lights of the insects in the branches of the trees.
“Jo-Jo is completely down?” He fists his hands. He had no idea this omega had any technical expertise at all.
“Me, and Nat. She’s worried, too.” Tony closes his eyes for a minute and then opens them. “We have to get over this. You and I.”
By the time they ate their sandwiches and drank a few too many mugs of coffee, Steve turned reticent and antsy at the same time. Clint eyed Sam and said they should be moving – staying too long would cause all kind of issues especially since they ditched the stolen truck only a few blocks away. Before they departed, Steve jotted down Fury’s contact information.
Vision turns to Steve, his odd eyes all the more penetrating and eerie in the virtual space. “You know, only you do. That Wanda and I have mated.”
“You know I can’t do that,” Natasha says and faces the window, out toward where Clint might be a rotting corpse. They haven’t heard one word concerning his whereabouts, and Bucky’s been too overcome with fever to answer their questions.
“If I do it right, it won’t hurt,” Tony said and then slowly slipped a finger in. Steve shivered and Tony rubbed the inside of his leg. “Relax. Go with the feelings.” Steve followed Tony’s lead, listened to his words, and fell into the feelings. With that the soul bond opened between them and their energies synchronized.
“Well, it’s something new for me,” Steve replies as he puts some of the covered trays around them so that they can pick at the food as they rest. He takes some of the bottles of water and drinks an entire one before he sits down next to Tony.
“It’s standard practice with the principalities and with the guild. So no issues. You came out squeaky clean, if you’re worried. And thus, the reason I should have listened before going ballistic.” She sighs, the burden of protection of someone she cares for very obviously heavy on her shoulders. “With the assassination attempts we can’t be too sure.” She squeezes his hand. “But thank you for thinking about him and for taking care of him. This schedule looks refined and perfect. He’ll actually get some rest as well as eat well for the first time in ages.”
“Am I allowed to see Prince Anthony’s schedule for the week? I’d like to be able to make plans to support him over the long week?”
Steve shook his head. His body remembered every touch, every stroke. He recalled how they suckled at him, how they brought him to anxious heights as he struggled against the stimulation. When they finally allowed him release how he sank into the endorphins with relish like a hungry man at a feast. Only his feast would be tainted by the hell of shame. He recalled how they brought in more than one at a time, how they touched him, how they fucked him. “No, I can’t tell you.” He came every time. His body climaxed and came. And how he found refuge in those climaxes – an escape. He’d blocked it all out when he first woke up. Maybe his weaknesses helped him, protected him then, but now as his strength was reset, it marched back to him like an invasion.
“I just – I’m on this weeklong assignment, you know. And it’s – it’s getting harder to-.” His words choke up in his throat.
The man blocks his view of the shabby apartment, his long dark coat draping to the floor. His nose looks like it's been broken several times and old bruises mark his cheek, jaw, and eye on the left side.  He grunts at Tony and tilts his head back to call into the tiny studio.
“I’ve never been an early riser, Steve. You might want to get used to that now.” He gently tosses the phone to the coffee table. It just makes it and skids across the tabletop.  Steve hisses.
“Yes, yes. Coming.” Steve glances one more time over his shoulder into the mirror in hopes to see Tony again, but what he sees is a skeletal face with whispers of shiny metal. Ultron plans on controlling Steve. He can’t have that – not at all.
“Sh-shouldn’t be here,” Steve murmurs but climbs to his feet. His eyes are heavily lidded, and his legs wobble. The wounds littering his body bleed. He shudders as if he’s cold.
Later when he arrives at the Tower and steps out into the penthouse, several people greet him in the main living room area. “Oh.” He hates intruding on Tony’s guests, especially since Steve’s classified as one of the staff, not a friend. “Sorry, I’ll just go to my room.”
Even as Tony starts to ask a question about Steven’s comment, Pep walks in with several of the servants following at her heels. “Tony, there you are. I thought the two of you were going to sleep all day. Or heaven forbid you went into your cycle or something.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve said. His hand quaked as his wiped away the tears. “Sorry, I just. I never knew. I’m sorry. I told you so many times it was wrong.” The tears streaked down his face and didn’t stop.
“Fuck, I’m not overstating it. They stopped us at Rho Ophiuchi – that’s closing in on the Inners. While we squabble away at our little nonsensical issues, we’re losing ground.” Obie pounds or kicks something because there’s a clatter and he curses.
Tony remained silent. After a moment, he muttered an excuse that didn’t even make sense to him and left Pepper standing in the middle of their renovated penthouse. He hurried to his workshop and stood in the center of it. On the laboratory benches his latest work was spread out. All of his projects directly related to the company. Nothing was about Iron Man or the Avengers. He swept up his life as an Avenger and put it away, threw it all out. He accepted his place – by Pepper’s side, even if it meant that hollowed place inside echoed and grew – a vacuous wound. He touched where the arc reactor used to sit. Empty, cold, an abyss of his heart.. He couldn’t even feel his heart beat.
“It all just seems so sudden,” Tony says. His head pounds. He needs to sleep, or tomorrow is going to be hellish. “I gotta go. Thanks, J.”
“I’m sorry, Mer Rogers, but Prince Anthony has asked that no one disturb him.” The A.I. stops and then adds, “Especially you.”
Peter shrieks as Steve cringes and then the boy races out of the house, throwing a goodbye to the house residents as he leaves. For a wonderful moment, Steve shares a smile with Tony until he remembers himself, and he straightens his face to neutral.
“Been doing my homework. I thought you were a big advocate of doing the homework,” Clint remarked as they finally stepped up to the critical care unit.
“Yes, sir. I know, sir.” Clint remained frozen. He never stepped further into the light. He never came any closer to Steve.
She ends up standing over Stark, her lips parted, her eyes focused. “He’s going to be damned if you don’t save him.”
Doing without a personal assistant is going to be nearly impossible. It will further isolate him, make it difficult to get any work done, to find a solution to the problem of the glasses. He needs to reach out and find someone else as soon as possible.
“I had to put in that thing in your chest. The whole area around the battery wires was infected and I had to clean it out. I didn’t- I’m not a doctor, but I think it’s healing now. It doesn’t smell bad anymore. I finally got them to give me some clean water and a little antiseptic lotion. I’m sorry I don’t have anything for the pain.”
“Depends,” Tony says. “Say you have a game, like SIMS or Minecraft. Does the creator know every action that happens, probably but not the way you expect. Say you go to work in the morning, like you have a regular job. Every morning you see the same people on the subway. You know they are there, but you know little about them. Kind of the same deal – here Ultron knows we’re here; is he aware of every action and reaction? I doubt it. Remember he’s extending himself over a large amount of data throughout the world, that’s even a lot to handle for him.”
Steve colors and finds himself agreeing before grabbing his weapon. He rushes downstairs to find out what’s happened to his best friend and anchor. Even as he pushes through the crowd, he understands it is his fault, he’s damned and he’s cursed everyone else. It’s his fault this happened to Bucky and Clint. He shoves everyone aside to find Bucky laid out on one of the pool tables near the back of the saloon with a garish dagger wound in his side.
Tony nods. He wipes away his tears and Steve places something in his hand. He touches it and then figures it out. “A handkerchief? You carry a hanky?” A smile curls his lips that he can’t suppress.
Steve refuses to indicate the correct one. He folds his arms. He’s in control of the coffee. It’s his stuff, so only he can will the coffee to appear in the thermos.
“Tony Stark, you’ve heard of him,” Steve says and tries not to meet Sam’s eyes. If he does, he might give himself away.
“He was,” Sam said. He went to the back of the apartment and came back with a folder. He tossed it on the table. “It was special program – bringing vampires back into the service. Integration. They would serve the night patrols. Riley signed up. I was his human point man. Also his mate.”
“I find a lot of things strange, Cap. But I think this is just Ultron testing us.” Tony adjusts the bag on his shoulder and follows Lila. Steve notices how he clenches his fist around the handle of the bag, and he hasn’t removed the gauntlet yet. He’s on alert.
Steve flinches at that admission. He doesn’t want that responsibility anymore. The fierce glare Tony gives him feeds him strength. “You want my secrets? Fine, have them all. It doesn’t matter now that we’re dead – does it?” He inhales and then slowly releases his breath. “I couldn’t continue. Not on Earth. Not knowing you died. I couldn’t do it. Everything I’d once dreamed -.” He stops that’s not the right way. There’s only one way.
“The history books, the science books, every book in the whole Council of Worlds has been written by an alpha or by a beta and approved by an alpha. They say the victor writes the history, but the victor also controls everything else, including science and philosophy.” Steven watches Tony as the dawning hits him. And Tony knows, knows it is written all over his face. “The alphas also control the science and therefore changed the omega so that they are sterile.”
“Well, not so good anymore,” Bruce said, and he finished accessing JARVIS’ security parameters. “Look at this.”
Tony bit down, breaking open the wound and the flood of salt and iron filled his mouth. His eyes shuttered closed and his body rejoiced. He felt Steve go rigid against him, and then again, he went slack and hungry for Tony as the seconds passed. Tony swallowed the thick and delicious life fluid as he pulled back to see Steve concentrating on him. His pupils wide and the blue of his eyes nearly non-existent. Steve didn’t need to say a thing, nothing at all. Tony pushed him to lay flat on his back and then fully and completely encompassed Steve’s erection. They never needed to prepare or to use lube – not when Tony took in Steve. It wasn’t necessary. Tony transformed, his body answered the needs of his mate and his body accepted Steve. It was the way of mating and pairing with a human. The vampire’s biology was no longer defined by science. Tony felt his body give way, felt his own cock stiffen and throb as if a beating heart drove it. The dim lights around them sparkled and glittered in Tony’s vision. His body acted and reacted and Steve cried out with need.
Tony doesn’t want to agree, because that means the Steve that’s laying down in the medical bay, the one he’s having all these feelings for, the one he’s been dating for nearly a month – he really doesn’t have memories. Not the memories sketched all over the papers on the coffee table, not the memories of Tony as his husband. Tony’s going to lose something he never had, and it fucking rends him, tears him apart. Maybe it’s his own entanglement. Maybe that’s it. Maybe once they isolate the alternate reality, then Tony won’t feel hollowed out and empty.
Steve smiles and a blush warms his pale coloring. Tony spins around and turns to the doctors. “Well, I’m checking him out.”
"It's second nature to me now." He gestures but Sam tells him to stop since he's grasping Bucky under the arms.
Steve bobbed his head. “I get your point. I do. But Stark, Tony, doesn’t trust me. Hell, he doesn’t even like me.”
“That’s concerning, Mer Rogers. Thank you for informing me. I will report their defiance of orders and also run a self-diagnostic.”
An arc of raw energy sparked between them before Thor staggered back and trembled. Steve fumbled for purchase and Tony grabbed his arm and threw a hand around his waist to keep him upright. The bonding drained Steve, and his face paled. Bruce helped shore up Steve, supporting him from the other side.
As Steve sank into the kiss, he allowed himself the release of the tension in his shoulders, in his gut where fear resided.  Steve found Tony’s touch familiar, a welcome home and not a reminder of what had been, of those forced to do things to him. Tony honored the trepidation Steve clung to and never pushed or prodded. Most of their touches were chaste and tender. Some were more liberal and daring. But mainly on that sunny afternoon in the Fall of the year, they re-discovered what it meant to be in love.
The cabin is close. He needs to get them out of the wind and the snow. Glancing up at the sky, the fierce dark clouds urge him to move, to get to warmth. “Looks like a storm.” Steve grapples and searches around to find the battery. He does and scoops it up before he stands. Going to Shield, he stuffs it back in her saddle bag.
Tony wanted to remain inconspicuous, but still when he did show up Steve smiled at him. He tried to pretend it was only for him, but in the back of his mind he knew that he was fooling himself. Steve was nice to everyone. Tony tested it, he touched Steve’s hand when he was served, and Steve didn’t shake him off. When Steve sat next to him, Tony made sure to edge his leg next to Steve’s. Steve hadn’t moved away, but instead a blush on his cheeks appeared that reminded Tony of being sun kissed.
Both Clint and Luke gossip about the last time the prince visited Prime Station. Steve soaks it in, trying to glean any bits of information to use during the week he’ll be assigned to the royal house.
Steve tosses some popcorn into his mouth. “Well, that’s good considering I almost fell asleep last night watching the first one.”
“Yes. And you repeated it three times. Is that a special incantation I should be worried about?” Tony says and studies him. “Steve?”
“From what? My hallucinations? From you? From the lion in the corner.” He laughs again and it spears every hope into shreds.
“Yeah.” He looks up momentarily at Steve and finds a mix of emotions etched over his features. He can’t parse the meaning. “Ultron was the final straw. We were headed that way for a while. Even after I got the arc reactor out of my chest, I think we both knew we were just playing, pretending. Then I put together the Iron Legion, kept building suits. I’d promised and broke that promise. What’s a relationship without trust?”
“It’s okay, here, let me help you,” Tony says and tilts the glass so that Steve can sip slowly.  “Good?”
“Well, it has been a long time since we talked as friends. We have been caught up in this soul pack and team machinations. And I miss our camaraderie.”
“Maybe,” Steve said. He yawned and placed a hand on his forehead. “I’m tired. I think I need to sit for a while.”
“I know that. Geez, Wanda. I just didn’t know the Synthezoids were coming here for the conference.” He mulls her information. “You’re seriously entertaining one?”
It only serves to lead him further into the tunnels, the long and lonely places of his memories.  These tunnels, the catacombs of his nightmares fill with faces of the dead, here to torment him for living, for surviving when they did not.  As he walks through the dreaded caverns, the ghosts take up a line behind him, chanting and mocking him.
Without being asked, Steve explains, “I had to cook a lot when my mom got sick. She kept wanting to go to a sanatorium because of the TB. She was afraid I would catch it. I never did. She did end up in the sanatorium. The landlord of the tenement reported us, and she was forced to go. I stopped cooking for a long time after she died. I couldn’t bring myself to do it.”
“They say, sir, that there is a hide away near the edge of the village. Out near the plateau, near the caverns,” JARVIS says.
Standing useless at Tony’s side, Steve attempt to assuage his fears again. “I can help out, I can do whatever you need me to do to make the bom-.”
“Did you mean to drink so much from your mate?” Thor asked. His face in profile looked like a carved statue from the smoothest marble.
This time it is Tony initiating the kiss. It’s more powerful, forceful. It’s two warring elements tackling one another in a battle for dominance. When he pulls away for air, he glimpses the ragged expression on Steve’s face. He’s thoroughly kiss bruised and hungry for more. He does not hesitate to ravage Tony, shoving him back on the bed.They moan and wrestle on the bed, tousling the bedding and ripping off clothes as they move. It’s not elegant or romantic, but a primal thing of need and want, of desire and hope. Passion drives them, but hope sustains them. Nothing is planned or easy. Everything is messy and bright.
Steven lifts his gaze and there is sympathy there, a certain kindness that seems more knowing that it should be. He seems wiser, ageless to Tony. “I don’t disrespect you. At all. I never did, Tony. You have to believe me.”
Tony tries to answer, but he doesn’t know what the response should be. The silence oppresses the moment. Steve watches Tony with something that Tony can only call hope. He’s not sure what Steve might be hoping for, so he points to the armor parts. “Let’s get started. I’m going to work on the initialization, while you can start putting together the pieces. See the blueprints there?”
“Lots of wars in and around Sokovia,” Natasha said and stood next to Steve to examine the tablet. “It was the victim of proxy wars repeatedly.” Tony studied her body language; Natasha was rarely a person easy to read, but he could tell she had a history with this one.
Closing his eyes, Steve forces the images so many years dead to go away and to disappear. All the men, all the Hell he witnessed wedges deep and dark inside and he can’t be free of it. No food, no clean water, no escape the stench of unsanitary conditions. Even years down the line, it brings bile to his throat. He only suffered through seven months at the prison camp; it nearly killed him.
And then he hears it, above all else, the steady beat of Tony’s breathing besides him. Steve finds himself putting the mug down and reaching over, touching Tony’s empty hand, holding it in a loose grasp as if he might lead him, but not. Tony allows it, permits it and deep down Steve thrills at the contact.  He swallows down the collapsing fear in his throat, the kind of terror that closes up his windpipe and neutralizes his ability to move forward with any request, any words.
“Yes, and I forgave you.” Steve glances at the shower and then the lotions. “Now, you said something about a shower?”
And then there’s that smile, smug, arrogant, and all kinds of lovely. A hand cradles his cheek and he leans into it. “You god damned fool. I lost you before and now, now I’m really losing you.”
art room. He steps over to the windows and looks out over the Manhattan skyline. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever imagine being able to have a studio like this one. Sure, it’s small, compact, but it has the most wonderful natural lighting he could ever ask for outside of being
Steve shakes his head. “They’re both just way stations to different degrees. Some are for the innocents that die before being baptized. Purgatory is a way station of suffering, where souls are made to pay for their sins before moving on.” Steve meets Tony’s gaze. His one sin had been lying to Tony – about so many things. “We all have to pay for our sins.”
It all makes him think about Peggy, about their wedding plans. It makes his throat close up and his heart skip in his chest and then the tears come to his eyes. Hot sharp reminders about where his life is supposed to be. He can’t be happy, not without her. He shouldn’t look at Tony that way, ever.
is to take care of his well-being. In my definition that does not only mean sex, sorry Duchess, but that’s the way I see it. I’ve only been a brothel worker for a little over two months, but I’m well regarding and sought after for a reason. Because I care about my clients. And not just about getting them off. Taking care of their needs extends beyond the bedroom.” He stops and exhales heavily.
“Text to Pepper: hey Pep can you find Steve for me and send him my way?” He thinks about it. “Friday also – text to Steve: Steve, can you drop by the clinic we have some things to sort out.”
Steven bites back his lips and nods. Pep meets Tony’s questioning gaze but neither of them have an answer to Steven’s strange behavior. After a few logistical plans, Tony finally turns to Steven and directs, “Could you go to Harry and finalize the security for the coalition meeting today?” Steven excuses himself and with only a bit of hesitation leaves them in the morning room.
Natasha straightens and agrees without consulting Steve. He’s less than pleased but then again, they’ve been functioning as a unit for years. He’s not the leader here.  Natasha passes Steve as she goes to prepare the message. He touches her shoulder.
The flight home had been horrendous. That was the only word Steve could use to describe it. They contained the Hydra cell, secured von Strucker, and Fury with the help of Hill brought in back up to clean up and transport the prisoners. That still left them with the twins and Bucky. All Steve wanted to do had been to save Bucky, to save the twins. On the trip in the jet, Thor kept the siblings under his watchful eye while Natasha piloted the Quin Jet. Hawkeye, although a little bruised and sporting a graze injury from a bullet, spent his time huddled with the twins talking to them and discussing the true nature of the Hydra cell that pretended to be SHIELD. Bucky on the other hand, sat there, his eyes glazed and his expression dull and lifeless. Even the bond felt limp and weak. Steve didn’t dare approach him not with Tony in the state he had been the entire flight. Ashen, pale, numb radiated from Tony.
“Heard a noise. The snowplow came down the road.” He gathers Tony in his arms like he’s the most precious person in the world. “Let’s get some sleep.”
“Tony?” Pepper’s hand shifted to his shoulder, bracing him, holding him, supporting him. But he didn’t want her support and that’s what damned him. He should embrace her, accept her, but he couldn’t. He had to face facts: he wanted this thing he had been denied.
Yet the past few weeks felt like a raging river swept him away on its currents and he couldn’t grasp a handhold to get himself to shore. He found himself muttering the Soul Mantra over and again as he swung at the bag. Wong had taught them a whole host of ways to control the bonds, to work within the astral projections of the soul pack, to discipline his mind, but he found the good old Soul Mantra the easiest, cleanest way to do it.
“Sometimes it’s not about knowing,” Tony whispered and his voice sounded husky, heavy with the strumming of his soul. Steve allowed Tony to pull him over closer to the bed. “What are you afraid of?”
When he chose Steven out of the different omegas on Nod, she had been opposed to it. Of course, Steven looked like a dead man. He practically was a dead man. Tony is the only reason the omega is alive now. Steven should show him respect just for that, but then he recalls that he promised the omega that if he won the chair, then Steven would be free to end it. He wanted to end it and Tony cannot parse why.
Tony lounges at the table with a spread of food that a catastrophe of waste. Steve frowns but tucks in and pours himself some of the coffee. He also pours Tony another cup. Tony has a tablet on his lap with his feet balanced on the edge of the table. He’s dressed in his uniform suit again, but this one’s fresh. One of the crew must have delivered it while Steve took his shower. Tony flicks through some of the hovering holographs that dance through the air above his tablet.
One thing that Tony’s learned over the years is that there are very few people he can trust. Rhodey and Pepper are two of the people he trusts the most, but at the same time two of the people who try and shield him from his own vulnerabilities and the outside world. While he takes it as a sign that they both love him and want nothing horrible to befall him, it frustrates him to no end because sometimes, he feels like they are plotting behind his back.  He’s not insulted by it at all; their actions are those of people who love him and fear for him. Truly, he’s surprised that Pepper even let him get a new personal assistant. If she could have, she would have doubled up as his assistant and the CEO of the company. But that wasn’t going to work at all.
“So,” Tony said, breaking through their doubts. “Are you going to pick us like we’re all waiting to be picked for the team in P.E.? ‘Cause I don’t want to be last. I’m never last – for anything.”
“How?” Steve turned around and looked at her, really saw her for the first time in over eighty years. While her features were timeless, Steve detected around her eyes and the way she set her mouth a kind of exhaustion that came from years of fighting an uphill battle with no hope of winning. She wasn’t here to beg him, but in her eyes – she implored him to listen, to help their cause. To fight the battle, to win the unspoken war. “You’re asking me.” Steve stopped.
“That’s just it,” Pepper says. “His excitement and enthusiasm is going to get him hurt or worse. He can’t be allowed-.”
Steve huffs and runs a hand through his messy hair. “You want to know? I bet them, that’s what, I bet them I could take one of their goons and I did. I beat him to a bloody pulp. The least you could do is appreciate it.”
“Of what I swear I did before – in the future. And it doesn’t make sense and it-.” He stops and stares at the cityscape around him. His words are low this time. “It seems I keep losing my world. Over and over again.”
Dressed as casually as Fury in jeans and a leather jacket, she pulled a tablet out of the messenger bag she held, turned it on with a swipe, and then with a few taps handed it to Steve. Tony tried to sit up and see what was on the screen, but Bruce batted him down and continued to clean the burns on his chest. Thankfully they looked like they were only first degree.
“Read it.” His heart pounds heavy in his ears. Tony can’t expect anything. Not now, but he can’t get his heart to understand the facts.
“No reason really. My mother died,” Tony says and sees Steven flinch at the statement. “But you knew that. She had claim to you as the last of the Carbonelli family – well not truly a Carbonelli but she was their heir. She was the last of them after what happened during the Uprising. But then the Uprising never ended, did it? Years later, she was killed for her part in it.”
Tony puts the mug in the sink. His stomach flips over. Everything feels rancid. He wants to vomit. “There’s more. I had a vision or something today when I went to visit Steve. I saw him. In the underground facility that he described. I saw him and I -.” The rest dies in his month. Not like ash. It’s too precious to share, if he shares it – it won’t be his anymore. It will be a piece of the puzzle, and nothing more.
Tony waits for the lion to do the deed. He’s seen how the guards treat the lion. They kick it and shock it all the time. It doesn’t get nearly enough food. It’s only a matter of time. The lion, as Tony calls him, Blu stands up and shakes, his mane a wild wonder. He stares at Tony for a second and then sniffs the air. He smells the blood of Tony’s wounds. There’s no mistaking the hunger in his eyes. Blu licks his lips and then lifts his massive paw; the claws could easily slash Tony’s belly open and disembowel him with one strike.
The smile that found its way to Steve’s lips must have shocked Rumlow because the agent growled out a curse and then shouted a new protocol number. Pain hazed his understanding of what Rumlow was doing. The nanite rack twisted his limbs and he cried out, though through gritted teeth.
As he leaves, he notices that Stane glowers at him as if he’d watched the entire interaction with Odin. In seconds, Stane joins Steve at the corner of the room where he’s taken refuge from the Asgardian. Stane towers over Steve.
Thor squinted into the last of the sun. He placed his hands at his waist and nodded. “I know a little of what you speak. My father cast me out when I advocated war and broke a peace he had negotiated with one of our dire enemies. Cast out, without my powers. I found my way on Midgard. I was lucky he sent me here. You are lucky as well. You found your way through your Iron Man, is that not true?”
Bruce turns back to Tony. “The recording said that the virus or whatever was delivered to the God Machine wrenched them back in time – a time before they invaded Earth I would assume – and trapped that Steve in a singularity with the Ornari.”
Steve grimaces. Ultron’s not keeping up the charade, not like before so he must be getting nervous. Or whatever the equivalent might be for an artificial intelligence. It must be based on algorithms and scenarios evaluation. The probability of Steve and Tony getting out of this thing and shutting Ultron down has to be increasing to have the AI showing his face. He’s trying to off balance Steve. The cat and mouse game of hiding Tony on this rim shows it. Steve’s sure of it.  He wishes Tony was here.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s a good idea.” Tony clicks off the phone and wilts back into the two seater. His shoulders slump and the willpower to even breathe leaves him. A coffee is forced into his hand and he looks up to see Nat standing next to him.
When he disembarked from the Avenger, Steven had stopped and stared, mouth slightly open. The world around him was nothing like he’d ever seen before and Tony asked him, “The Carbonelli family didn’t bring you here?”
Steve and Bucky hadn't even been born yet. But he still thinks of it as something he experienced. Sarah, Steve's mom, had spoken of it and described it so many times. The Sentinel Guard leader, Alexander Pierce had advocated for a return to the greater society. The galaxy needed them. The worlds across the expanse of space would fall into chaos without the guidance and wisdom of the Scholar Jedis.
“One of you? A wraith? You’re not a wraith.” Steve cringed with the beginnings of a headache. “I always thought he was one of you. What does that mean, exactly? Is he some kind of ghost or monster or god?”
“Yeah, yeah,” he said and lets his head bow. It hurt so god damned much. He zeroes in on the discussion over Rogers as a candidate. “I don’t want him to do that.”
Steve doubted this was an actual position but he didn’t much care. He knelt on the floor waiting for Tony to tell him what to do. He longed to please Tony. The hook, Tony’s knot in his mouth, how Tony cooed at him, and teased him as he fucked his mouth. The very memory descended him into a pleasurable fog, taking the agonizing pain away.
That didn’t sound all that inspiring, but Steve took it at face value as Tony dodged another direct look by stepping to the side. “I’ll just wait for all hell to break loose over here.”
Steve puts his finger on Tony’s lips. “Shh. I have to admit, I had a boyfriend in college. Arnie. But not anyone since other than Peggy. So we’ll take it slow, you know. We don’t have to do everything all at once.”
He turns to Tony who grips his hand one last time and nods. Steve parts from Tony, their hands slipping away from one another. He takes his place near Natasha, the cold ground eating into his knees. With one mighty thrust, Heimdall plunges the sword into the earth. The realm shudders in response.
Tony bangs the table and chokes out a laugh. “You are perfect. Everything you said is completely true and fucking needs to be handled and dealt with. A war that goes on for ten years has more casualties than what’s on the frontlines.” He wipes his mouth with the cloth napkin.
“You’re the only one I ever intentionally bonded to.” Steve played with the cup on the table. The condensation made little droplets down the side of the cup. “It’s not supposed to work that way, but it did. I’m glad.” He looked up at Sam. “I’m glad and it would -.” He stopped. Speaking his emotions would always be difficult for Steve. “It would tear me apart if something I did or said changed that.”
Steven waits for him and as Tony cannot answer, because in the end he’s driven by the dictates of his own nature and what is expected of him. He can’t relax those rules. If he does the fabric of their society will fall apart. He truly believes it. While he longs to change things, he knows that society will rebel if the order is twisted too fast for it to adjust.
“I need to use the bathroom,” Steve says and shrugs off Tony’s help. “I can do this. I’ve been potty trained since I was two.”
Tony nearly drops his coffee mug. He places the cup on the granite counter and then turns to face the image of Bruce. “Development? When? And why wasn’t I informed immediately?”
“I don’t think I need to dress up for a couple of lost omegas, do I?” He waits for her judgement. Even though he can sometimes think of her as a task master, she does have his best interest at heart. “Come on, Peppin Bey. What do you say, don’t I look handsome and debonair now?” He spins around on his heel trying to get her to smile.
“Just, let’s try and get the armor, set, okay?” Steve fumbles with the cup and it clatters from his hands, splashing the water down his front. “Get the armor, they’ll be coming soon.”
“A little over two months. I applied to the brothel and they accepted me. I was a little surprised since I’m not formally trained. Not really.” Sure, he spent time with the training vids, but the truth is most of what he does he’s just naturally inclined to.
He’s not going to argue the point, Obie might have known him longer, but Pepper has always been the one to clean up his personal messes without blinking an eye. She might judge him but she’s always gentle with it and her care.
A stone thrown at a glass house shatters it. A light breeze blew down a house of cards with ease. The truth of home terrified him. He stood in the middle of chaos as doctors, nurses, and the crush of people swarmed around him like a dysfunctional orchestra. He could only breathe out a few strangled words.
“I’m not sure what you mean.” Tony peered over his shoulder at the house. It was a home, a place of comfort and memories. He wondered if he would ever get that – if he ever wanted it. Maybe – once with Pepper- but now that felt a million miles away.
“As a surgeon, I had always liked families that wanted the answers straight and not sugar coated,” Strange said. He acknowledged Wong before he turned back to Tony. “After our examination of Captain Rogers, we determined that a rare and dangerous schism has occurred between Captain Rogers soul and his mind.”
The place goes into high alert as Sam fires on the towers. Blasts ring through the air tinging it with the smell of ozone, dirt, and ash. Fire spears out of the tower to Bucky's left and the portcullis opens its wide maw as soldiers in black stream out. These are not the normal storm troopers. From what Bucky recalls of discussions in the scholars room, Red Skull has set up an offshoot of the First Order saying Snook and his followers have bastardized the legacy of Emperor Palpatine and the ways of the dark side. All is not well in the First Order but the strength and power that Skull has managed to accumulate is obvious and dangerous.
“That’s not it,” Steve replies, then reconsiders. “Okay, it’s part of it, but Tony didn’t look happy. He looked, not terrified and not frightened, more suspicious like he’s putting on an act for a reason.”
Tony slumps. It’s just him, the tree, the broken suit, and a carcass, that’s sure to attract more unwanted attention. He needs to get it far enough away that any scavenger animal coming for it won’t set his sights on fresher meat instead. Of course, that means he actually has to pick that thing up and haul it somewhere far away from here, then make it back to his little space. He should have climbed up the side of the slope and hidden in the alcove of a rock formation. Being out in the open like this is fool’s play.
“How,” he murmurs. He glances up at Blu. It shocks him then that this isn’t Blu at all. “What – you’re not Blu-.”
“He did this to all of us,” Tony says. “We couldn’t be sure who he really was until Heimdall chanced by this realm, this space-time and told us.”
'Oh, well, thanks.' Tony felt suddenly embarrassed, and not just because the man had escaped his notice for so long – that was probably deliberate. But he suddenly found himself wondering about all the times he had left dirty socks or underwear strewn about the place, and whether it had been Ron who had picked them all up. Ron was older than he was. Tony was half afraid he was going to get a lecture on his untidy habits. Instead, Ron just picked up his bucket, apparently intending to leave.
Steve looked. Just ahead was an old fashioned open sleigh, painted white, decorated with tinsel and holly. Two horses were harnessed to it, and the driver sat in the front, wearing a Victorian style tail coat and a top hat with another sprig of holly tucked into the ribbon round the band.
After that, as if getting used to the indignity of pissing into a bucket whilst Yinsen awkwardly averted his gaze wasn't enough, she had to try to deal with the horrors of bleeding freely without so much as a change of clothes available. Eventually she found some rags to stuff into her underwear, trying not to think about what was on them, trying to rinse them off at the end of the day with the smallest bit of their precious drinking water.
'Hold still, you little brat,' Mr Osborn hissed at him. 'I tried to play nice, I tried to be your friend, but you just had to be silly, and now-' Suddenly, his arm was around Peter's neck, hooked under his chin, lifting him off the ground. Peter couldn't breathe properly, but he was used to that, and he kicked as hard as he could. Mr Osborn cursed but didn't let go, and kept dragging Peter down the carpeted hallway, eventually pushing him through a doorway near the end. He was about to pull it shut when a small voice said, 'Dad? What's wrong?'
They had told him Mary was pregnant soon after he had moved in. They had been so happy, and Steve had too; it was something to look forward to, something to hope for. Richard and Mary had been so happy, and so hopeful, that when Mary went into labour at 27 weeks they refused to believe that's what it was. Steve had seen it before, too many times. His mom had been the only nurse on their block, and whenever the women in the surrounding buildings felt the pains, they had come to her. Steve had been sent running, either for the midwife or for Bucky, if they needed the midwife faster than his asthmatic shamble of a body could make it. He'd fetch towels and hot water. And too often, he had been outside the door when it was over, and the only sound was the mother crying, not the baby.
Steve laughed to at that, just slightly. Steve wasn't the laugh out loud type, he usually just smiled and got bashful and ducked his head when he was amused. His laughter was all in his eyes, or so she had thought. She could feel it now, moving his chest, even though nothing came from his lips.
'Sweetheart?' His wife said, gently, leaving the light switched on and rushing to his side. 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry honey, I didn't mean to scare you.' He felt her wrap her arms around him, grounding him.
'We've been over and over this,' Steve said. He needed to stop touching the back of his neck, he was only drawing attention to it, but his fingers just kept finding a way back there. The bond mark was always comfortingly warm. 'We can't get any more medical charity. My mom's insurance won't cover me any more. No-one who would employ me would insure me, and no-one who would insure me would employ me. Even if they did, it wouldn't cover the debt, and that's getting interest every day, plus whatever stupid disease I go down with next. We need a bottomless money pit, and luckily, there's one willing to have me.'
'I was late going down to theatre. The first bypass I was still twenty. The other two were after midnight and I'd already turned twenty-one.'
compliments? Oh honey.' He went over to Steve, rubbing his back until Steve eventually sat up and met his eye, pulling him in close.
The meeting the next day ended up taking place at the Stark mansion. When Howard found out that the coffee shop meeting hadn't taken place as scheduled, he'd insisted on supervising. Steve hadn't cared. He just wished the hours away, nearly vibrating with anticipation, not noticing his aches and pains, not a care in the world. It was like he was disappearing, like the feeling he got sometimes when he lost himself in his art, only to come round hours later. This time, though, he was losing himself in Barnaby.
Tony swallowed. Right. They weren't supposed to call her by her first name, at least not to her face.
'Good evening Stark, Sheriff,' Thor said, looking delighted with himself. 'Stark, this is Angela. My sister that I was telling you about.'
At last, Peter handed the phone over. Steve opened up the message screen, his blood running cold, his mind racing. The messages went back to their meeting, least one every day since the hospital visit. Mostly they seemed to focus on science and the suit, some of which Steve understood and some of which he was amazed Peter did. It was, he realised, entirely possible that Peter actually was a genius. His replies were rare, just now and then sending a greeting and what seemed like every emoji installed on the phone, but Stark clearly wasn't put off. Steve found the link to the YouTube video about counting near the top, and realised from the time stamp that it had been sent right under his nose, in the middle of dinner. Probably when he had been talking about Peter wanting to be able to work out multiplication on his fingers.
Peter looked to Tony, who nodded and waved him away. Spiderman sulkily took up his position on the lamppost again, and the two Avengers headed down the road.
'Sorry, kid, my friend here doesn't like music,' Tony said, tapping the flight suit and wondering why he was telling Peter this. To build trust, he supposed, because Peter would need to trust him for what was going to happen next.
Peter giggled, then stretched out a tentative hand towards the helmet, enchanted by it. Then he remembered his manners and said, politely. 'Can I, is it alright if I touch it? Please?'
, and if he just explained maybe Stark would understand, would reciprocate – but Steve knew he wouldn't. The bottom line was, he loved Tony more than Tony loved him. It wasn't exactly news.
'You're helping me!' Peter said. 'As much as you can while still doing what you're programmed to do, right?'
'I heard you were the one who curated the sculptures on the roof,' Steve said. 'It's amazing. You have a good eye.'
Cap moved like a dancer, making impossible turns, twists and jumps, knocking out one guy after another with perfect smoothness, like the whole thing was some ballet. Every so often his shield would soar away from the scene, flying away in a way that defied physics, and always coming back to find Steve waiting, no matter where it had started.
Peter was a good five feet up the side of the wall, holding on with nothing but the tips of his fingers, and the bare soles of his feet.
, something which she unfortunately cared deeply about, claiming she wouldn't go to school until they were fixed, and Edward and Enoch had just run back into the house for about the fourteenth time giggling wildly, and now the baby was awake and starting to cry for his bottle from inside.
Tony would have to have been a lot drunker not to notice the tension that rippled between them and into Steve's body, the super soldier blinking hard and sitting up straighter.
(Steve had to be careful not to slur his speech when he was sleepy or ill, or if he did, to make sure he moved his arms. Just to reassure Tony everything was fine.)
“At least Steven has a head on his shoulders,” Pep says and then Tony notices Steven glance at her. It’s furtive and then he drops his glance to his plate, blinking his eyes several times. It knocks Tony’s hopes down a peg or two. Clearly his omega thinks that Tony only uses him.
“Tony.” He gulps. “Sorry, Prince Tony – no. That’s not right either. It’s Prince Anthony. I do his security. The commander of the fleet is here too but he doesn’t do ship security like I do. He’s like big battle general type of thing. But I never get the ranks and all that right. Just know security.”
Part of Steve wants to believe the prince. He leans his forehead on Tony’s and cups his face with his hands. “I know, my prince.” He hates lying to Tony. It hurts far too much. What’s worse is that Tony sees it.
But then, Tony appears – and he’s not alone. A man is on his arm, his features are reminiscent of someone Steve knows, or knew; he’s sure of that. It shocks Steve. He has to fight for control, not to either dash out of the bay or to throttle Tony. The possessive feel raging in him is illogical and he has no right.
Steve slips out of the washroom and through to the door to what he assumes is the workshop. The door opens for him and he stands at the doorway, like an idiot, his mouth open and his eyes wide.
Steve cringes. “You’re sure no one can hear us on the outside?” The thought of having people listening in on him being sick to his stomach not only disgusts him but boils up that shame he always experienced as a child.
Steve turns back to getting ready. He swiftly goes back to the bathroom, showers, shaves, and preps. He’d grabbed the purse with the nanites and finds that when he snaps the bag open there are seven long tubes with a push button on top of each. There’s a note in the purse as well.
Tony waits as the scent of the ocean along with the pine trees mix. In his blind isolation, he welcomed the feel of the world around him. He needs it to ground himself, to place himself. “You know when we first met, I told you my circadian rhythm was really screwed up. It’s not only that, I get disoriented about where I am sometimes. I depend a lot on people, how they react and how they interact with me. You’ve been very grounding, Steve. I just don’t want you to think I don’t appreciate you, see you.”
“Putting a bunch of enemies together on the Lemurian Star probably isn’t the smartest thing you’ve ever done,” Steve says with a shoulder shrug. “And I have to say I’m not fond of being your janitor and cleaning up your messes.”
“Maybe like oil paints. The smell of oil paint? Or the scratch of charcoal against paper?” Steve shrugs under Tony’s hand and it’s affected, he’s trying so hard to be casual under Tony’s hands.
“I don’t think it, I know it. Coulson has done the calculations. If we don’t save Tony Stark, the world falls, completely and utterly. It’s up to you, Steven. Are you up for the challenge?”
“What’s going on?” Steve stands at the top of the stairs with sleeping pants on and the most adorable dopey look on his face.
It is one of these nights when he climbs from his cushion of blankets and picks his way through the bundles of sleeping forms across the floor of the cottage. Frigga has reclaimed the cot in the single room cottage. Leaving the tiny cottage, Steve finds his way through the thicket of vines and flowers out toward the color laden void. He stands near the edge of the void, watching the colors of orange, yellow, and red mix and reform. It feels like he’s in the great red storm on Jupiter sometimes. Bowing his head, Steve blinks away the feelings of adequacy, because he is not adequate. He is not even fit for the memories of who he used to be. He shamed it all with his unquestioned loyalty to the Soul Keeper.
Wilson’s face fell. He scowled at Tony. “What the fuck would you know about it? Come on, just give the morphine. I have a knife in my shoulder!”
“I’m good,” Tony laughed. “And anything that gets written off, I can afford to replace. Hi beautiful. Having fun down there?”
“I’ve been ready since you turned up in my ER last night,” Steve retorted. “I nearly jumped you in the hallway.”
Steve loved making Tony laugh. He doubted he’d had much to laugh about over the past few years - maybe ever - so Steve made it his mission to find ways to elicit laughter from him every day.
Steve pushed himself down onto Tony’s fingers. He gasped, heat dancing along his spine, his back bowing as Tony’s fingers brushed his prostate.
“No,” Tony replied, dropping the slices of bread into the skillet. “No, I’ll just ignore it. Deleting the profile makes it look like they got to me. I’ll just ignore it.”
Steve dropped his head, allowing Tony to capture his mouth in a soft kiss. He hummed his approval, shifting closer in Tony’s lap.
“Dude, leave me alone. I just said you were right,” Clint retorted, flicking a piece of cucumber at Tony.
“I gotta stop giving all the good stuff to SHIELD and keep some for myself,” Tony sighed. “Alright. Here goes.”
The small patches of scales Steve had glimpsed on Tony’s torso before were clearly visible now, eventually tapering into the scales of his tail. For the first time, Steve realised that although the majority of Tony’s scales were blue, there was the odd orange or red scale smattered throughout. Steve eyed them curiously, but he didn’t feel he could ask anything, not without Tony reaching for his knife, and he’d already proved terrifyingly skilled with that thing.
He opened the shower stall then paused. Kicking off his jeans, he stepped forward and grabbed the shampoo, working it carefully through Steve’s hair before lifting the shower head out of its cradle to rinse out the soap.
“I didn’t think she’d look twice at me anymore. But she did. I’m a lucky guy. Even though we haven’t been together again long, I didn’t want to wait.”
“Hey,” Steve echoed. “So, uh-” He frowned, hearing a noise on the other end of the line. “Was that a car horn? Where are you?”
,” Angie whined as he pushed her into the conference room with the rest of the faculty. “Don’t make me do this.”
Now both Rhodey and Sharon were both staring at him suspiciously. Steve smiled, hefting the pool cleaning equipment further onto his hip. It wasn’t heavy; just unwieldy.
Tony took the pen, signing an approximation of the false signature Stane had used for the past ten years. He was surprisingly good at forgery, Steve thought hysterically. Then Tony held out the pen to him. Swallowing, Steve stepped forward and took the pen, his fingers brushing Tony’s, before leaning down and signing his name.
“Fair enough,” Steve nodded. “I’ll be back in a minute,” he told Tony, leading Bruce towards the door.
Tony grasped Steve’s shirt tails and tugged; Steve sat up, helping Tony push the shirt off of his shoulders. Steve grasped the bottom of his undershirt, yanking it over his head while Tony pulled off his own t-shirt and threw it aside. Steve’s eyes roved over Tony’s chest - the tan lines on his arms where his shirt ended, the skin turning from the dark brown on his arms to the paler skin of his torso - and the dog tags swinging between them. Grasping Tony’s hips, Steve couldn’t help thrusting up against him, his movements aborted by Tony’s weight and the friction was so good, so good, but not nearly enough.
“You wouldn’t believe how long I’ve spent thinking about this moment,” Stane mused. “Can’t quite believe it’s here. I’ve been looking forward to this for a long time, ever since I saw that will. Goddamn Howard.”
Marci grudgingly agreed to change the subject, although Tony caught her watching him several times with a twinkle in her eye, leaving him confident that the subject had not been entirely dropped.
“Have I told you lately,” Tony murmured, “That you are the most beautiful person in the whole fucking world?”
“You are so far from angelic, it’s unbelievable. And don’t pretend you didn’t pick it out with less than angelic intentions.”
“I need a crash cart!” Bruce yelled, pushing Jessica onto her back, his heart pounding in his ears. His hands were shaking as he began to check her airways and he couldn’t deny the relief he felt when Dr. Romanoff appeared on the other side of the bed, efficiently passing Matt off to a nurse as she took over.
“Thank you,” Steve said and when Clint leaned back to glance down, he found Steve looking at Stark with a dopey expression on his face.
Steve bit his lip, stealing another glance at Tony. Somehow, without him realising, his dislike of the mer had shifted into something almost like friendship. The kind of friendship Bucky had with his co-worker, Clint, where they teased the shit out of each constantly but spent every available moment together even when they didn’t have to.
“Let me check,” Tony smiled, pulling out his phone. Steve watched Tony’s fingers dance across the screen, dexterous from years of working with his hands, and okay, Steve admitted to himself he
“Cap wanted to see it. Although, looking back, maybe he just wanted to get me out of the tower,” Tony realised.
Bruce flinched as the patient lunged for Dr. Pym, her teeth clacking together when she failed to bite Dr. Pym’s hand. He swallowed. He suddenly felt a very long way away from med school.
Tony grinned. Steve started grinding against the mattress and it was a visual so breathtaking that Tony forgot to breathe for a second.
They lapsed into silence and Steve could feel Tony’s breathing slow beneath his hand on his back. But he continued staring up at the ceiling until a finger poked at the middle of his chest.
Stane kicked him in the side, sending Steve sliding across the tile. Gasping for breath, Steve tried to push himself up again, but his arms trembled and his muscles screamed. When he lifted his head, he saw the top of Tony’s head breaking the water.
“As I said, we never worked together,” Carol replied. “But… Just watch the pills. That’s all I’m saying. There was… an incident.”
Steve smiled to himself, honoured by the fact that Tony had shared a part of himself; a part, Steve suspected, few were ever allowed to see. Tony could have anyone he desired, of this Steve had no doubt. The fact he chose Steve was incredible, but he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
“You know, I know a lot of doctors,” Frigga said. “And a lot of them? They have their heads so far up their own asses, that they couldn’t see the sun if it was blinding them. Why do you want to be a doctor?”
“Oh, there isn’t,” Rhodey said, fixing Steve with a suspicious look. “But Steve’s taking up a new hobby.”
A burst of surprise burst across Tony’s face before he could school his features into a neutral expression. He rolled his eyes again, slicing off a long strip of cod and sucking it into his mouth like a piece of spaghetti. Steve swallowed his grimace because he refused to let Tony win.
The darkness crept in through the windows as the sun disappeared below the horizon, but neither Steve nor Tony made any effort to move out of bed to turn on the light. Tony probably had some sort of voice recognition thing that would allow them to turn on the lights without moving, but that would ruin the mood.
“Sorry, you’re very cute when you’re angry,” Tony shrugged, still smiling and crossing the room to Steve.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. He scooped Ellie up, ignoring her squawk of protest at leaving the dragon behind. He soothed her by leaning her against his shoulder, letting her scent him for a moment while he kissed the top of her head. Then he leaned forward and transferred her into Tony’s arms.
The beach was a small cove west of Malibu. Steve had visited it once, almost a year ago, during his month of bed surfing with a guy whose name was lost to time and tequila. But Steve remembered him saying that the beach was popular at night but largely deserted during the day. Steve was relieved to find this was true; there was no one in sight when he pulled up at the edge of the sand, climbing out of the car and scanning the horizon.
Natasha bit back a smile. She suspected that Hogan liked to project a tough exterior, but deep down he was a teddy bear.
Were it not for the very real, very painful wound on his leg, Steve would’ve written the whole thing off as his imagination. The stress of the past year finally catching up with him and playing tricks on his brain, perhaps. But there was the cut on his leg, throbbing under the clean bandage and the shooting pain when he made the mistake of trying to lie on that side.
“And if we looked at your phone or social media, we wouldn’t find any communication between you and the defendant?”
Steve knew that the honeymoon period would probably end eventually and they wouldn’t be as handsy, but part of him hoped it wouldn’t because he loved reaching out for Tony and knowing he would be there.
Returning to the ground floor, Steve wandered towards the edge of the pool, sparing a glance towards the fireplace. He imagined the Starks or their guests lounging by the fire after spending an hour in the pool - although why anyone needed a fireplace in Los Angeles was a mystery to Steve.
“I’m sorry, kid. Without an address… he could be anywhere in the city. Maybe he’s not even in the city. We’re looking for a needle in a haystack here.”
“Uh, here.” He handed her the notes. “There’s nothing there. Nothing significant anyway.” And just like that, the anger and frustration came flooding back at full force. “I’m missing something,” he muttered. “I know I am. I, I have to be!”
“Hey, what happened to your face?” Rhodey asked. “You look like you went a couple of rounds with Mike Tyson.”
Steve was staring at him like he’d grown an extra head. “You want me to tell my husband that I’m flirting with Tony?”
“Of course,” Bruce nodded, moving forward and unbuckling them. Jessica rubbed her wrists before taking Matt’s hand again, wincing as she shifted. “Are you hurt?”
“I feel like this is a rare achievement, so I’m going to reward myself with a chocolate croissant,” he declared.
“Holy shit!” Steve exclaimed, leaping away from the voice in his ear. His head whipped around and his jaw dropped. “Tony?”
“Alright, alright,” he laughed, stepping forward and pulling her into his arms. Angie buried her face in his chest and Steve squeezed his eyes shut, nosing at her hair and holding her close. There would never be words for what she’d done for him six years ago, agreeing to move in with her best friend’s best friend on a whim. Not only that, but she’d helped him through his heartbreak without hesitation. “I love you,” he whispered.
They pulled up outside Clint’s building with a sequel of brakes. Steve stared out of the window at the array of blue and red lights and felt his heart seize. He exchanged a worried glance with Bucky then climbed out of the car and hurried towards the police tape.
Apparently he failed, because Tony’s face softened and he assured Steve, “You have nothing to worry about.”
Steve heard the water lap the edge of the pool, no doubt thanks to Tony’s ever-shifting tail. The evening breeze tickled his stomach where his shirt had ridden up when he lay down.
Finally he put her down in her cot, waiting another few minutes, patting her belly softly until she settled once more, then he slipped out of her room, pulling the door closed but leaving it unlatched before padding through to the living room.
“Okay, drinks,” Tony called once they’d claimed a booth in the VIP area. “Who’s having what? First round is on me.”
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed,” Tony retorted. “What with you kidnapping my boyfriend. And all. But the Avengers all survived your fireworks show. They’re on their way right now-”
“Yeah. I mean, it’s not so bad right now because I’m at work and the kids have school, but once vacation starts it’s gonna suck with all five of us in there and no AC.”
Tony and Ellie rejoined them. Ellie plopped down on the grass in-between them all, looking far too pleased with herself, as though she knew that she was the centre of attention. Meanwhile, Tony sat down next to Steve, his hand drifting over the small of his back. Steve twisted his head to scent his mate, feeling something settle in him when he did.
Steve saw the moment Tony spotted Ellie. He smelled it too, the alpha’s scent changing with surprise, and it took all of Steve’s not inconsiderable control not to turn away and hide Ellie from him.
Sharon instantly glanced around, as though someone was going to pop out from the vents and discover they were a couple - and okay, yeah, Natasha found Clint in the vents once and he’d never fully explained what he was doing there or how he got into the vents - but it was unlikely. But every time she made any mention of their relationship at work, Sharon’s automatic reaction was to check no one could overhear. After all, someone else knowing they loved each other? Unacceptable.
“More coffee,” Steve agreed, jumping to his feet, and joining the line before Tony could object. He exhaled, blowing out his cheeks, and pulled out his wallet to pay for their drinks.
“As far as we can tell, no casualties,” Bucky reported. “But since the EMP took out all our phones, we can’t call 911.”
“I get that,” Tony nodded. “I’m still getting over my relationship with Pepper. I mean, I’m not still into her or anything, but it’s hard. Figuring out how we make this work now.”
It couldn’t be. It just, it couldn’t be him. Steve quickly brought up the news app, searching for the CNN article Angie showed him that morning. Because it couldn’t be Tony Stark’s actual dating profile matched with Steve’s. That was just, well, it was crazy.
Arnie was old, yes, but that didn’t mean anything. Not now. People lived longer than ever thanks to modern medicine and better living standards.
“No, this is them being homophobic assholes who don’t like the fact that I’m publicly dating a man.”
“Somebody please get me a drink so I can forget about that thing on my boyfriend’s chest,” Bucky pleaded.
“And you managed it all on your own? Colour me impressed, Rogers. Pretty soon you’ll be able to tie your own shoelaces without supervision and everything.”
, Steve thought. The watch was expensive enough on its own. With the chip that allowed him access to almost every corner of Avengers’ Tower, it was priceless.
They released each other just long enough to scramble out of their clothes. Steve’s feet got caught in his jeans and he wobbled, pitching dangerously to the side, but Tony caught him and dragged him back upright. Giggling, Steve buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, feeling it shake with Tony’s own laughter.
“My apologies,” Steve grinned. “Ironheart. Now, when she’s not saving the world, she’s known as Riri Williams and she’s busy taking the science world by storm as one of the top students in the Stark Industries Youth Project, which is currently working with over a hundred schools across America, helping kids from all backgrounds reach their full potential.
“Just in case there’s a welcoming committee on the other side of this,” Bucky whispered, “How many weapons do we have?”
Sharon huffed out a laugh. She closed her eyes as Natasha’s hand slipped onto the back of her neck, drawing her close until their foreheads were touching.
Steve reached down, winding Lucky’s fur around his fingers and tried not to throw up. Fear and anxiety churned in his gut and he didn’t know what to do.
“And there was this kid, he must’ve been at least three years older than me,” Steve continued. “And he was making fun of me because I couldn’t tie my shoelaces, calling me a baby, calling me stupid. And I took that about as well as you can imagine.”
Natasha’s mouth curved into a smile and he gave her a look like he wasn’t sure if she was messing with him or not. Four months and Stark still didn’t know how to read her. Which was just how she liked it.
“You gave me a fucking heart attack,” Steve snapped. “I save your life, and this is how you repay me?”
Tears pricked at the corners of his eyes. Drawing a ragged breath, Steve dropped the net and all but ran across the room towards the door. He jogged down the stone steps into the garden, his vision blurring and he felt numb, so numb, and yet somehow it still hurt, everything hurt.
' She jabbed a finger at Steve. 'Were stupid enough to listen to him! Honestly, Tony, this is beyond belief. Who did you
Steve hauled him upright, putting Tony's arm round his neck and holding him round the waist, moving fast. They made it to the bathroom just in time for Tony to puke like he hadn't since freshman year. Damn. So much for dignity. But the gentle, firm hand on the back of his neck, keeping him in position over the toilet, was sort of nice in a weird way. And at least Steve kept his gaze firmly fixed on the ceiling until it was all out and the two of them sat together on the bathroom floor.
'Well, isn't this cosy?' Fury said, eyeing the pancakes. He came and put a brown folder down in front of each of them. 'Orders, boys.'
didn't believe in an old fashioned idea like him having a pre-determined one-and-only soul mate, but they didn't want to take things any further for totally unrelated reasons. Though, to be fair, perhaps they did. Perhaps they were put off by how short he was, or the way he was on so many medications he practically rattled when he walked, or maybe it was the crippling debt. Line up, ladies and gents.
'Thank God,' Tony had said, breathily, squeezing Steve's good hand, and Steve knew he meant it literally. He was thanking a God Steve suspected he didn't even believe in that the fever had broken. Steve had smelt the whiskey on his breath with the words, but Tony was at least not quite as deep in his cups as usual. 'Thought I'd killed you with my meddling,' Tony had said, hoarsely, and tears built in his sore eyes. 'You're my whole world, Steve, you know?'
A few moments later, she was relieved, and flushed while looking at her own pale, pasty-looking face in the mirror so there was no chance of having to see anything. Her underwear was still clean, thank goodness, but Natasha was no fool. It was coming. She already felt dirty, super aware of the rotten flesh inside her just waiting to come out.
“You are wondering if you belong, if you are good enough,” Thor said. “ I feel this through the bond. Don’t be surprised if our good Captain feels it as well.”
Bucky rushes to the ladder as Clint fights to keep the ship stable in the air.  He leaps to the ladder as it hovers a few meters from the ground. As he catches it with his metal hand the tie-fighter attacks again. The ship sways and even as Bucky turns to ensure that Sam got off the ground with Steve. He almost loses his grip of the ladder and then the tie-fighters come in with deathly intent, targeting not the ship but Bucky. It takes all of his strength to hold on and he shifts his entire focus to getting up the ladder. He has to trust in Sam. Clinging to the cables of the ladder, he’s able to make a few steps up as Clint streaks up into the sky with the tie-fighters tight on his tail.
“No, no.” Steve dropped his gaze and shook his head. “It’s more than that. Like if I’m working with them, training, I can tell where they are. What they’re doing, what they’re facing. Natasha and I used it a lot when we worked together at SHIELD. In fact, it came into play when we faced the Winter Soldier, Bucky, in DC. He was after her, had shot her in the shoulder – I knew exactly where he was because of her and the bond.”
Raising an eyebrow, she replies, “It doesn’t matter. It’s already done. Your alpha will decide what’s best for you.” He sees the Black Widow, the cunning assassin in her now. But then she softens and says, “I’m sorry.”
Tony stares down at the small toy. “I remember holding you when Jarvis – when he died. You were there all along. You’re here now. What do I do?”
“The brand on your wrist?” Strange said. “It means, Captain, that you will have a soul pack. Soul bonds between two people haven’t shown the elaborate markings. Soul pack markings are much more overt.  Your soul pack members could be the Avengers. It could be someone else in the future. Your energy is aligned as the leader. The leader always gets the brand around the left wrist. As each member connects to your soul, you and the member will get a brand to signify them. Each member has a different definition, a different purpose. When you know it, at the moment you say it, they will be branded as will you.”
With one hand at his throat, Tony uses the other to scrape nails against Steve’s nipples. In response, Steve hisses and moans. He grabs at Tony’s arm, the one against his throat and he presses down. He wants the weight of it, the heaviness against him. He’s always been needy when it comes to wanting someone larger, heavier, and more powerful to take him. Tony reads him, understands and drags him closer, his feet hitting the keys of the piano. The prince lays over him, notes ringing out. Tony inhales his scent and then drifts lower, tongue and teeth teasing along the way. Steve fumbles for the condom in his robe pocket and stops Tony before he goes any further, trying to push the condom into his hand.
“I want to stay with him,” she said. “My mom is gone and I’m tired of being pushed around foster homes. I want a family. I want
A few minutes later, Natasha and Tony joined them on the dance floor, dragging a reluctant Bruce between them. Angie squealed in delight, abandoning Steve in favour of dancing with Bruce and Natasha. Not that Steve minded, since it meant that Tony was free to slide up next to him, pulling Steve in by the waist.
“I think I’m going to wait and see what happens with Tony,” Steve apologised. “Next time. Have fun.”
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve smile to himself, then warm fingers tangled with his own.
“You attended the gala at Castello Malvagio on April 13th as Tony Stark’s plus one, yes?” Hogarth asked, leaving Steve’s head spinning with whiplash.
“Of course, there’s nepotism too. Like Bruce Banner. You think he would’ve worked on the Bio-Tech Force Enhancement Project if he wasn’t dating the daughter of the organiser? Clearly he wasn’t smart enough or he wouldn’t have failed.
Steve wasn’t good with strangers or crowds, but there was something about the anonymity of halloween costumes which made it easier. It was the same when he went clubbing. Besides, having Tony at his side made anything easier to bear.
Steve grinned. His blue eyes shone, and Tony had to bite his lip to stop himself grinning like a fool. Which, okay, was either his best or worst idea, because then Steve’s eyes instantly dropped to Tony’s mouth and he swallowed, which was awesome for reasons that didn’t really need explaining.
“Alright, boss,” the driver replied. Steve recognised him from the night they escaped from the paparazzi.
“Yeah, I’m great,” Steve lied. He wasn’t great, he was so far from great, but having a purpose, something to fight for, was invigorating.
Meanwhile Steve’s hands were smooth, save for the nearly invisible calluses on his fingertips from his guitar (and Tony still wasn’t over the fact that Steve not only played guitar, but apparently wrote songs about him. That wasn’t getting old any time soon). There was a raised bump on the back of his hand where he broke a bone as a teenager in a fight and failed to go to the ER until it was too late to fix.
Steve nodded. “And I was saying to Scott that age gaps that big don’t work when you’re in your twenties.”
He found Tony’s eyes full of wonder and hope and love, God, how had he missed how much love Tony looked at him with before?
So Tony decided to drop it for now, focusing on the three adorable children in his midst. Hannah claimed him as her own personal climbing frame, while Evie Rose loudly declared again that he was her best friend, while leaving sticky handprints on the couch. Zoey challenged Steve to beat her at whatever video game they were playing, and it was one of the best nights Tony could ever remember spending.
“That is the opposite of not stopping,” Steve grumbled, before reaching above his head, pressing his palms against the headboard and using the leverage to fuck himself down onto Tony’s cock.
“No, it’s, sorry, I just started kinda freaking out, on the way here,” Steve explained. “Started thinking what if this is actually a catfish situation.”
His eyes burning with unshed tears - and why was he crying? It was so stupid - Steve dropped the pole on the floor with a clatter which echoed off of the tiles, and strode out of the door onto the terrace. Fisting his hands in his hair, Steve gazed out over the city below, blinking when his vision blurred. His breathing sounded ridiculously loud in his ears.
“Tony,” Steve interrupted, catching him by the shoulders. He looked concerned. That was bad. Tony shouldn’t make Steve worry, that was unfair. “Come on, let’s go upstairs.”
The elevator doors opened and they stepped out onto the communal floor. Tony was relieved to find the broken glass had been removed at some point during the night, although the windows were still splintered where the Dreadnoughts had tried to get through the glass. Wind whistled through the holes where they’d managed to punch through, nothing big enough for them to get into the Tower, but enough for them to leave scorch marks on the floors when they attempted to shoot their way in.
Because he was determined to keep this from Tony as long as possible. He didn’t doubt Tony’s love for him, but the last thing Steve wanted or needed was to see the expression of pity and disappointment that people usually wore when they found out about Steve’s inability to tell his father
Natasha brought the quinjet down onto the landing pad smoothly, the wheels touching the ground with nary a jolt. Reluctantly, Tony opened his eyes and allowed Bucky to haul him to his feet. He stretched out the kinks in his spine, watching Bucky swing the shield onto his back before leading the way off of the jet.
He felt jittery and full of energy yet exhausted all at once, and he didn’t quite know what to do with himself. Peggy was in court, Daniel was at work, and Angie was visiting her cousin in New Orleans and wouldn’t be back until the following night.
“I met Angie when I was half asleep - and half naked - so I didn’t really have time to be nervous,” Tony pointed out. “But meeting Daniel and Peggy? Oh yeah. Terrified.”
Their heads snapped up as Stane’s laughter bounced off of the walls. Steve’s chest felt tight and he couldn’t breathe properly. It was all going to fall apart, and they were
Alexander smirked at him. “I’ve been playing this game a lot longer than you have, Steve. You think you can beat me? I’m already three steps ahead of you.”
The wind whipped up by the medevac’s blades tugged at the stray hairs which had wormed their way loose from her ponytail as the night progressed. Maria watched as the door slid open and an unfamiliar man hopped out, ducking down expertly below the blades and jogging over to her.
“Yeah,” he moaned. “Been… been wanting you to, to fuck me. Since, since the first, first, first time we… we sexted.”
“I’ll catch up,” he replied, because his attention was caught by a portrait hanging beside the elevators.
“Oh, even better!” Sharon brightened. “There’s this guy, Tom, you know him, babe,” she said to Rhodey. “In IT? Dark curly hair, kinda shy, but a really nice guy.”
Tony snorted then turned to Steve. “You wanna grab your stuff while I grab the kid? Then I believe somebody said something about making quiet but passionate love? I don’t know who it was but that man sounds like a genius.”
But no matter how much he stared, he couldn’t quite convince his brain to believe his eyes. Even though he could quite clearly see the lines on the man’s - not a man, a creature? A thing? A being? - neck. Just like he could see the small patches of scales on his torso. Just like he could see the long, slim tail weaving through the dirty water of the pool.
“Thanks J,” Tony murmured. In the darkness of the ocean, he spotted the lights of the Guiletta a few miles ahead. “When we get close enough, scan the entire ship. I want to know everything you can tell me.”
“No, they’re not. And I can’t believe these dummies are allowed to say that crap on air,” Steve scowled. “They should be working for Fox if they’re going to start spewing that kind of garbage. Assholes.”
,” Scott blurted out before looking like he would very much appreciate the floor swallowing him whole right now. A sentiment Clint could whole-heartedly agree with.
Crossing to the coffee table, Steve fingered the petals of the sunflowers sitting in the vase with a soft smile. He plucked one from the bunch, then he headed for the stairs.
“I love you too, honey,” Tony murmured, leaning over the console to give Steve a quick peck on the cheek. “Alright. Out. Before we get arrested for loitering.”
“Yeah. I think so,” Steve smiled. “Huh, Miss Eleanor? Oh, watch she doesn’t put your tie in her mouth.”
“Good. I hate it,” Rhodey grinned. “Let me call Sharon. And don’t steal all the prawn crackers, Rogers!”
“You have to say that, you’re my boyfriend,” Steve protested, but he was unable to stop his mouth twitching up into a smile.
“You’d tell me if I looked like Bugs Bunny, right?” Tony asked, baring his teeth and using the selfie camera on his phone as a mirror to inspect his new teeth.
“I’m sorry, I think I misheard you,” Stark said, raising his voice over the drunk as he shouted angrily but keeping his tone pleasant. “I think you meant to say
“Thank you,” Clint said. “I’m not really good. At the whole trusting people thing. Especially since…”
Steve had the audacity to chuckle without even pausing in his pull-ups at the bar in the corner of the room, his ridiculous muscles on full display. Clint shook his head and poured himself another mug of coffee.
“Yeah, but turns out getting your brain hijacked by a demigod bent on world domination does,” Clint muttered. “SHIELD gave me a payout,” he shrugged. “After the whole… Loki of it all.”
Then Steve slipped his other hand into Tony’s hair, winding it around his fingers and earning a, “Yes, Steve, yes, do it.”
“I took a cab to Castello Malvagio,” he began. “There was a gala to mark the opening of the casino and I’d been invited with Tony. Tony Stark. As his plus one. I got there and I entered the building. I met Tony and Bucky, uh, James Buchanan Barnes and Matthew Murdock in the ballroom. We spoke briefly and then Tony and I went onto the dance floor. That’s the last thing I remember until I woke up in a room I’d never seen before with Luchino Nefaria and another man.”
Steve resisted the urge to snort at that. Budget? What budget? Between his father and losing his job, he was broke. And while he’d resigned himself to relying on Tony for now, he was pretty sure using Tony’s money to buy a ring for Tony was wrong.
“Yeah,” Hogan shrugged. “I’ve known Pepper for a long time. We were together for a while, then everything fell apart. Our lives went in different directions. And then we ended up working together again. And she was still the most beautiful woman I’d ever seen. And she’s incredibly smart and funny, and I just feel happy when I’m with her. I don’t think there’s much more you can ask for.”
At the centre of the front page was a photo of him and Tony in the club, their arms around each other. Tony had his head thrown back and Steve’s mouth was on his neck. In the darkness of the club it looked like, well.
Steve kissed the tip then swallowed him down, feeling Tony’s hips give an aborted jerk as he arched his back and moaned.
He’d largely been keeping to himself in the Tower, still unsure how the rest of the team would react when they found out that not only was their team leader an omega - something they all knew after New York - but that he had a pup out of bond.
(Rhodey loved to regale people with the time Tony tried to pick up a tray from the oven without gloves.)
After pouring Bucky into bed in his own apartment, Tony made his way up to the penthouse, kicking off his shoes and falling face first into bed. He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.
“A few months ago, Peggy and I were out and he came up to me out of the blue and asked if he could buy me a drink. I said no and he just left.”
Steve rolled onto his back, cracking open an eyelid just long enough to see Tony perching on the edge of the bed with a shit-eating grin before snapping his eyes shut again and pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes.
Nor did he like the macular degeneration which had forced him to hang up his scalpel, leave the OR behind and take a desk job if he didn’t want to retire at fifty-nine.
“Stay away from Tony,” Steve warned. “In fact, stay away from both of us. This time I really am done with you.”
After relieving himself, Tony unpinned the bandage Steve had wrapped around his arm the night before. He checked the bandage and found a few spots of blood, then inspected the wound itself. It was clean and beginning to heal over nicely; Steve did a good job. All those fights he’d been in really paid off.
“Not only do I understand it, I speak it,” Tony replied. “I can tell you what to do to fix the pump and the filter.”
He was tracing the patterns with his finger when movement drew his eye towards the window again. Steve spun around, staring at the green-tinged water and fighting the foreboding trickling down his spine.
But even the thought of quitting and giving up made Steve feel sick with guilt. He didn’t want to do nothing but he didn’t have the energy to carry on and he was tired, okay? He was really fucking tired, and he was so tired of being tired, but nothing seemed to help.
“Tell them if they’re not on their best behaviour they’ll have me to deal with. I mean it, Tony. If we’re going to expand, we need these investors. Especially Fujikawa. I need you there.”
“You mean you didn’t think you’d end up taking an ambulance ride to the ER?” Natasha joked. “What kind of planning is that?”
Although he couldn’t feel Steve squeeze his hand through the suit, the pressure sensors told him that it was happening and he’d held Steve’s hand enough times over the past almost-year that he knew exactly what it felt like.
He had three new matches. The first was from a guy who clearly spent way too much time on his looks for Steve’s liking. And the second was from a girl who Steve was pretty sure used to be a student. He grimaced. Which left him with the third match.
Steve looked up from the box he was re-packing for the fourth time to glare at Angie, who was leaning against the doorframe, smirking at him and eating Swedish Fish.
Nefaria walked away, pouring himself a drink from a crystal decanter, before turning to regard Steve. He stared at him for just long enough for it to be uncomfortable.
emblazoned across her t-shirt, materialised at his side with a tray covered in champagne glasses; Steve took one filled with orange juice and nodded his thanks, clinging to the glass like a lifeline as he followed Rhodey and Sharon further into the crowd.
Tony’s lips twitched. He leaned over, plastering himself to Steve’s chest and kissed the corner of his mouth.
“Look who finally decided to join us,” Tony grinned. “If you’re quick, you might manage to grab some food before Barton hogs it all.”
“Hey! Hey, doc! Come on, you can’t just leave me here! What the fuck, man?” Wilson bellowed after him but Tony just kept walking.
He tried to swallow the lump in his throat but it stubbornly remained where it was, pressing against his vocal cords in a painful reminder of what he was about to do. Taking a deep breath, he left the bedroom, pulling the door closed behind him and trying to ignore the metaphor in the action.
Once his eyes adjusted to the light, Tony realised they were surrounded by a SWAT team and - was that a helicopter? What was happening? He didn’t have time for this, he needed to find Steve.
With a put-upon sigh, Evie Rose slapped her hands over her eyes. Tony faked poking her in the stomach, just to make sure she wasn’t peeking, before stepping forward and sliding his hand onto the back of Steve’s neck. Tony stepped forward, and Steve was already leaning down. Tony ran his thumb through the hairs at the base of Steve’s neck, feeling Steve’s sharp inhalation of breath, then their lips touched.
EDIT: Look at the amazing art by Charlie of Steve in his costume!!!! How awesome is that??? A huge thank you to Charlie and pensivegrace for conspiring to make this happen - you are both wonderful people and I feel so lucky to have this art be part of my fic. Check out more of Charlie's art over on
“They’re not from me. This is from Peg and Daniel. This is from Angie. This one is Zoey’s, and this is from Evie Rose and it is time sensitive.” Steve piled the gifts onto the table in front of Tony, except for Evie Rose’s, which he handed straight to Tony.
