Her reply was lost when the fuzziness returned. Peter continued drifting until he was being transferred to a stretcher from the ground. He let out a moan of protest at the renewed pain and tugged weakly at something hard that was around his neck. Mr Stark's face was suddenly in front of him again.
“Don’t start that again, you’re like my little brother. And stop trying to distract me. You know what Stone’s really after, you really gotta stop letting him get to you.”
“Are you hurt?” Rhodes asked urgently.
Tony spoke back mentally with his Morph. “I have no idea, I ran directly east when I got out of the Humvee. They’re all dead Rhodey, all those soldiers that were in the Humvee with me.” Tony sobbed.
“Hey kid, try not to move. We have transport arriving in ten minutes and we’re going to take you to hospital. Just breath. You’re okay.”
Steve’s face paled and Tony grabbed his phone back from Steve, pressing a button on the top of it then tapping twice on the screen. “Jarvis, I’ve sent the alert to the team, debrief them in the jet on the way. Get the drones back in the air and scan for Morgan starting at my location. Send me the suit from the chopper.” He looked back at Steve, gripping both shoulders again and give him a firm shake. “Steve come on, get it together!” Just then the Iron Man suit arrived. “I’m going up for an aerial view.” He stepped into the suit then opened a compartment on the arm pulling out a com and shoving it into Steve’s hand. “Put this on so I can relay to you what I can see from up there. You start on foot heading west, that was the direction that neither of us had in our sights for the longest.”
Suddenly, like a dream, Iron Man was descending from the sky in front of Peter and there was a commotion of running feet behind him on the lookout. He let out another breathless sob as Iron Man came to a stop a foot in front of him. The face-plate of the suit opened, and the worried face of Tony Stark was suddenly looking at him. He felt the metal hands gripping his waist firmly and he sobbed in relief as the weight eased on his left arm.
He’d managed to get some fantastic shots, the light had been perfect. He was currently at a little secluded look-out at the end of a small path. He was just taking a few final shots before he crept back into the bunkhouse. He happened to catch a movement out of the corner of his eye as he lowered the camera to admire the view one last time. He looked over just in time to see a small child running towards the edge. Without a thought he was diving sideways to grab the kid just as it ran under the rail which was about a foot taller than it.
Tony blew out an annoyed breath, “I know, I know! Ok? I don’t even like the guy, he’s just a good lay. After last night I won’t be going near him again. Don’t worry.” Tony scowled at his hands.
“Tony! What? Are you okay?”
Tony shuddered. "Hey, how do you feel about come swallowing? Because I'm,
Steve groaned. "Not really," he said. "It kind of... makes you hotter?" He laughed at how surreal this situation was.
Tony snickered. "Even
Steve looked up at Tony in a very filthy manner. He knew how he looked when he was like this, and he was absolutely going to use it to his advantage. "I have my ways," he crooned, then went in for a deepthroat. Tony groaned, pulling more forcefully on Steve's blond hair. Steve had no gag reflex, which perplexed him, because when he'd been a kid he'd had tons of medical issues concerning his breathing. He supposed it wasn't the same.
" he stammered. "What d'you–"
Steve laughed. "Oh, please. You probably own a darn mansion."
he was from Manhattan. He had exactly that kind of rich skyscraper-owning air to him.
Tony nodded, moving his hands to the small of Steve's back. "It was an accident on the war zone," he explained, "but it happened ages ago. It's fine. And I'm planning to undergo surgery next month anyway."
, the righter of wrongs." He smirked. "You've been on the news, you know."
Tony took a deep breath. "It's an arc reactor," he explained. Steve nodded, although he had no idea what that meant. "It keeps, uh, pieces of shrapnel away from my heart."
. There was the company's phone number there too. He stared. "You're..." He struggled to form the sentence. "You're Tony Stark?"
Steve shook his head. "You know damn well I said 2 bucks n' fifty cents."
" he suggested, and Steve took a moment to absorb the fact that he was actually setting up a date with a billionaire.
Tony allowed a slow smile to spread across his face. "Put that tongue of yours to work and I'll think about it," he quipped.
got some moves on you, Brooklyn," Tony said breathlessly, biting back another grin as he pressed himself closer against the wall.
Tony stifled a smile. "My bad," he said.
not–" It turned out that his ability to form coherent sentences had completely disappeared, and it didn't help when Tony captured his lips in a kiss. When they parted, Steve let out a pathetic croak. "Uh." Tony grinned, buttoning his shirt and picking up his suit jacket. Steve watched as the blue glow once again disappeared under layers of clothes. Steve wasn't denying it, and judging by Tony's demeanor, he wouldn't have believed him anyway. The truth was out, then. "Forgive me for saying this,
Tony nibbled on Steve's earlobe, his hands held down high above his head. "Honestly? I'm very, very hot right now," he whispered. Steve's knee was on the table, and his toes just barely touched the ground. He lowered himself a bit, steadying his stance. "Where're you going? Come back," Tony whined when Steve's hands where no longer gripping his wrists. Reluctantly, he sat up.
Steve rolled his eyes. "If it stops you from running your mouth," he countered, pushing Tony against the wall. He grunted as Steve opened the rest of his buttons, sliding his tongue down Tony's stomach. "Not so cocky now, are we?"
Tony shook his head with a smile. "It's fine, Cap. I'm a masochist."
, but you're a prick."
-wise, God, but he couldn't help thinking if...), and it didn't escape him when Tony very unsubtly licked his lips, letting his eyes roam Steve's figure. "You comin'?" he asked with an innocent smile, turning his back to Tony as he walked toward the door, knowing exactly how good he looked in his tank top and jeans.
Steve wiped the corner of his mouth. "I'm not– I–"
" he began, "
Tony tugged on his hair again. "Yeah?" he said, very much out of breath. Steve hummed in affirmation, letting his thumb stroke Tony's stomach. Tony shivered a bit. "Okay," he breathed out, "Alright. Because I'm gonna–" He didn't get to finish his sentence. He pulled on Steve's hair, making the blond's head jerk a bit. Steve did as he was asked to, obedient and eager. His mouth felt warm. Tony took his time catching his breath, hands still tangled in Steve's hair. "Jesus fucking Christ, Cap, you have...
"What kind of businessman are you?" Steve asked as he gave Tony his glass of OJ, because he'd never really gotten the answer to that. Tony dug something out of his suit jacket's pocket, then handed it to Steve. Steve took it. It was a business card, and on the front it said
Steve came up for air, licking his lips. "Anythin'," he said softly as he grinned at the man above him.
Tony let out a warm chuckle. "
Steve stammered. "It's– It means – It stands for berry juice, not 'blowjobs'!" he exclaimed, cheeks flushing at his voice crack in the end. He arched his eyebrows helplessly. "Why would you even– what– what could possibly make you think that–?"
Tony laughed. "
Most of his customers were normal people who wore normal people clothes, but his next one was anything but. At first Steve didn't even realize that the man
Tony shook his head, closing Steve's hand around the notes. "Keep it," he insisted. "I promise I'll take it back if the service doesn't please me." He smiled lopsidedly.
, but furrowed his brows when he saw a blue glow from underneath Tony's dress shirt. Tony tensed a bit, but relaxed when Steve trailed the edge of it with his fingers – it felt like some sort of metallic... device? He looked at Tony for permission, received a nod, then unbuttoned the shirt. "What is this?" he asked, blue eyes meeting Tony's brown ones.
Steve stared at him, bewildered. "Traitor," he gasped. "Here I thought you wanted to kiss me because of my good looks or my wonderful personality."
Tony gave him a long look, and Steve couldn't quite decipher what it meant. "You don't have to."
Steve arched his eyebrows at that. "I thought you said you didn't have anywhere to be?" He wondered if he'd done something wrong as he self-consciously started wringing his hands.
Steve did his best to sound like he wasn't smirking. "I was thinking orange juice," he suggested, and Tony bowed his head in disappointment. Steve was sure he'd say no.
Steve tried to process this. "You mean I..." He exhaled deeply, then cleared his throat. "You mean I just gave Tony Stark a blowjob."
Tony shrugged. "Eh, never hurts to see other kinds of homes." Steve just shook his head, leading Tony into the bedroom. Tony's eyebrows quirked. "We're just hooking up, you know. We're not married."
. Steve's face heated up. He inserted the number into his phone, dialing it. It rang three times until it connected.
Tony looked at him somewhat incredulously. "I've made bad decisions, but I'd never do something like that, mister..." Steve wouldn't fall out of line to trust this guy, but he sounded sincere.
Tony took it in stride, catching up with Steve. "Oh, you bet," he growled, and Steve swallowed, blood rushing south. "Isn't this bad for business?" Tony inquired. Bastard.
, of all people, went past him.
Steve could almost hear Tony's smirk from the other end. "
Steve opened his mouth, then closed it. Opened it again. "That's not– I mean–
Tony scoffed. "Come on, Brooklyn. Not everyone has–" he studied Steve from head to toe, not even trying to hide his interest – "your physique."
"I can't accept this," Steve countered. "This is too much." He tried to return it.
Tony frowned. "I said you've got–"
"Uh, yeah. Yeah. That sounds great," Steve stuttered. "I'll be ready. At 7. Tomorrow."
The man grinned, lifting his sunglasses to his head. He had strikingly beautiful brown eyes that gleamed in the sun. He grinned, giving Steve a once-over. "Heya." He didn't sound the way Steve had thought he would. He'd been expecting an unnaturally low register, few words and an unsettlingly serious demeanor. He seemed quite the opposite, casual and laid-back. Steve was about to speak up, but didn't get the chance to, for he was rendered speechless. "You sell blowjobs with orange juice?" the man questioned. "I'm not usually a food kink fan, but I guess I could be down for it."
Tony clicked his tongue. "The one and only."
Steve blinked. Tony hadn't used his actual name that much. "Uh, yeah," he said. "Likewise," he proposed.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Do you want it to be?" Steve frowned some more, so Tony hummed pensively. "Maybe the orange juice part," he said nonchalantly. "I usually like my dick without additional fruit." He smirked. It was such a bad joke that Steve almost snorted at it. He refrained from doing so, though, not willing to let down his guard. He still didn't respond. "So, whaddya say? I'm not in a hurry to be anywhere, but if you say no I can pretend I am so that the rejection doesn't hit as hard."
Steve's eyes widened. "Shrapnel?" he questioned. It was an awfully complex gadget, a blue and glowing circle with silver edges and a blue triangular core.
Tony let out a muffled sound, crossing his legs. "Uh-huh," he agreed, biting on his tongue. He let his gaze trail Steve's body again. His eyes darkened, but instead of doing anything, he said, "I should go. I have a meeting to get to."
"I've got over a hundred dollars in my pocket, remember?" he argued. Tony shrugged as they entered the staircase. He didn't even bother to ask if they were going to take the stairs or the elevator. He called the elevator to the ground floor, rocking on his heels as they waited for it to arrive. Steve, being the gentleman he was, held the door open for Tony. "So you–" he began, but Tony had him pressed against the wall of the elevator and his lips on Steve's in a millisecond. Steve was caught by surprise, but gave in when Tony licked his lower lip, asking for entrance. He tasted like booze and peppermint, and it wasn't a bad combination. When they parted for air, Steve breathed out, "Wow."
“Nope, never drinking again. I still feel yuck and Pepper says I make bad choices. After last night I’m starting to think she might be right.”
Tony smiled at him softly. “She’s fine, a bit shaken but not a scratch on her. Thanks to you kid. You saved her. Thank you. My scanners found her right as she made it to the look out. I never would have made it in time to catch her. I didn’t even notice you were there until you dove after her. I have never been so relieved to see someone try to throw themselves at the edge of a cliff.”
“Ok I really don’t want to know what you were covered in. And bloody hell Tony, you need to stay away from Stone, he’s bad news. Not to mention he’s twenty years older than you!”
Steve pressed the com into his ear a wrecked look on his face. “God Tony, I only took my eyes off her for a second.”
Tony laughed a thin tired laugh. “Settle down Platypus, he didn’t do anything I didn’t let him do. Just things I wouldn’t have let him do if I was sober.”
Howard motioned two of his men forward to take his wife to the car and gestured his third man to him. “Jarvis, take my son in the second car with you, get the baby seat from my car.” Jarvis nodded and took Anthony from the shaking nurse and left the room.
“Okay, Steve, I’ve got him you’re right to bring Morgan up now.”
“Yeah kid, you’ll be able to brag about it to your friends when they visit you in hospital.”
The Iron man suit was standing open and in front of it were Tony Stark and Captain America embracing the kid and each other. They were both speaking in comforting tones to the kid. When Peter finally got his eyes to focus he could see that they both had tears streaming down their faces as well.
Steve sighed and gently set Morgan on the pine needle covered ground where she immediately picked up a pine-cone and started chewing on it. He raised an eyebrow at Tony looking slightly pained. Tony just chuckled, grinning.
Tony took a stumbling terrified step backwards, nearly falling over the boulder he’d been standing behind. “Rhodey, there’s a Stark T180P about twenty five meters in front of me.” He gasped shakily.
Later, when there was explosions and heat and bullets everywhere, Tony forgot to be afraid about Rhodey hating him. He ruthlessly cut the attackers comms off with his Morph and desperately called for Rhodey through his friend’s phone. He didn’t care if he was giving himself away, he needed to know if Rhodey was still alive. His knees nearly gave way when Rhodes spoke frantically, though with a note of confusion in his voice, into his phone.
“I’m not picking her up with the bio scanners Steve. You follow that path and I’ll do some wide sweeps to see if the scanners pick anything up. I don’t think – Shit! Steve! Your 11 O’Clock, run!”
Peter nodded gingerly. “Is the little kid okay Mr Stark?”
Just then Morgan let out an indignant squeal and reached down for the pine-cones.
“Just let her down Steve, it won’t hurt to let her play in the dirt a bit. She never get’s the chance to back in the tower.”
Rhodes looked mutinous, but conceded with a sigh and extracted himself and his smaller friend from the couch, groaning as his back cracked.
“Tones, happy birthday! Can’t believe your twenty one, you can finally have a drink legally.” He thumped Tony on the back and grinned as his young friend groaned.
“Honey Bear! You’re early!” Tony launched himself at his best friend. Rhodes grunted as Tony barrelled into him. Tony hummed happily as Rhodes wrapped his arms around his younger friend.
“Hey calm down kid, we’ll sort it out okay? I’ll send Nat to let your teacher know what happened so they can contact your parents and Clint will look for your camera when they get here okay?”
The Nurses all hurriedly grabbed a form from Dr Fraser and signed it while the doctor reluctantly signed her own. Howard snatched them back and shoved them in his briefcase. “If any of you breath a word of anything you might have learnt here to anyone, even your family, you will find yourself without any money or job. If you are lucky I won’t have you taken care of more permanently.”
Dr Fraser stared at him with a look of horror and disbelief. “You can’t seriously be going to hide this Mr Stark! You have to register your son as a Morphling!”
The shirt was beginning to ride up over the kid’s arms so Peter reached up with his right hand to try to push them up, but as he pushed the weight of the kid up it took the weight off his left arm and his own weight caused him to slip down. He screamed out again at the fresh wave of agony and the little kid began to bawl and squirm. Frantically he grabbed under one arm and kept a firm grip in case they wriggled out of the shirt. He took a sobbing breath and screamed for help as loud as he could manage.
Tony grinned at him while pulling his phone out. “Ah, but I have a well thought-out argument to convince you.” He tapped away at his phone for a moment before holding it out to Steve.
“No Peter, you need to leave that on just in case you hurt your neck.” He gently pried Peter’s fingers away from the neck brace. “We’re just going to load you onto the Quin-jet and take you to the hospital. Your Aunt and Uncle are on their way there now too.”
Tony swore and spun to face the canyon scanning between Steve and the canyon edge.
He pulled back to see that Tony had a look of something like horror on his face as he looked over Steve’s shoulder. As Steve started to turn, Tony uttered a breathless word that made his blood run cold.
Once the other two men had wheeled Maria out in a wheelchair, Howard looked at all four of the staff left in the room. “Don’t forget, if anyone ever learns of this, I will come after all of you.” He strode from the room without waiting for a reply.
“He is a miracle,” Steve agreed as he gave Tony a soft smile, “and no matter what else comes of all this, he’s family now. Whether he likes it or not.”
“I think I see you Tones, you need to move! Now!”
“I get that Steve, I do, I just thought that it might be too long a hike in the heat for both Morgan and me. I thought we could get a different view from the air then just have a short hike from the landing meadow to the river.”
But what Howard didn't know was that Tony had two Morphs, which was unheard of. Tony told his father that he had a telekinetic Morph and he neglected to inform Howard that he also had a technopathic Morph. So, once he had full control of his Morphs, he stopped using his telekinetic ability, but continued to use his technopathic ability in secret. He realised quite early on that when he used the ability his eyes would glow. The glow of his golden eye, when it was hidden under Howard’s contact, wasn’t visible. So, while he was still learning control, he reverse engineered his father’s contact design and made another that he wore over his blue eye. His father never learnt of his deception and Tony continued to develop his unknown Morph in secret.
“Oh god, Steve, your face. She’s fine, you can’t disinfect the world you know. I have it on good authority that you have to let kids pick up some germs.”
Things got a little fuzzy for a while as Peter drifted a bit, he was pretty sure Mr Stark was talking to him, but he couldn’t focus on the words. What could have been hours or just minutes later there was suddenly a lot more people around. He was sure that the Black Widow was asking him where he had been staying. He told the possible figment of his imagination that his class was at the Bright Angel Lodge in a bunkhouse and the figure promptly vanished so he guessed he must have imagined it. Then a while later his teacher Mrs Skinner was kneeling next to him and gently touching his shoulder.
“Oh, okay, that’s good. I need my brain to be working right. I have to sit the entrance exam to Midtown Tech next Friday.” Peter suddenly had a thought and gripped Tony’s sleeve with his good arm. “Oh no, Mr Stark, my teacher will be looking for me. I came out early to take pictures of the sunrise and they don’t know where I am. Oh! And my camera! Can you find it? I think I dropped it when I saw Morgan running for the edge.”
“Worried about my virtue Rhodey? Don’t stress yourself, I’m not a little kid anymore, I can look after myself. Now can we please drop it and get going? We do have a flight to catch.”
He just managed to reach around the post holding the rail and grip the kid’s shirt as it reached the edge. Then his momentum smashed his face into the post and his feet skidded out over the edge on the other side of the post from the kid. He let out a gut churning scream as his arm was wrenched by his weight suddenly all hanging on his arm around the post. He gripped the kid’s shirt harder as he squeezed his eyes shut against the pain. He panted dizzily for a moment then opened his eyes and turned his head to look at the child dangling by its bright pink shirt from his tightly gripped hand.
“We nearly lost her.” A strangled sob escaped. “If Peter hadn’t been there or if he hadn’t been such selfless reckless kid who doesn’t think of his own safety, we’d have lost her. I am so grateful that, that kid exists and that he was by some miracle right there at that moment. We are so bloody lucky that he was.”
“Okay Mr Stark.” Peter mumbled before he drifted off again.
“Thanks Mr Stark, Aunt May and Uncle Ben can’t afford to get me another camera.”
“Oh god!” he gasped
“Okay kid don’t move. Steve is going to pull Morgan up and I’ve got you. Alright?”
Tony knew what would happen if he disobeyed his father, so he quickly learnt what his Morph was and how to control it.
That finally got a laugh from Steve. “Okay, I concede to the wisdom of Miss Potts. But I still don’t concede on the chopper.” He gave Tony a stubborn look before returning to watching Morgan playing, she now had two pine-cones and was bashing them together.
Peter nodded, panting breathlessly his eyes never leaving Tony’s. Tony glanced up at the lookout railing and it was only at that moment that Peter realised that another pair of hands had joined his in holding the little kid. He followed those large hands up, muscular arms to the grim face of Captain America. He blinked uncomprehendingly at the face of his other idol, then turned back to Tony when he heard him speak again.
The nurses and doctor all nodded fearfully. “That won’t be necessary Mr. Stark, none of us will be breathing a word about anything.” Dr. Fraser assured shakily.
Rhodes gently grabbed both of Tony’s hands, “Hey, are you ok? Did he hurt you? I’ll hunt him down and rip off his dick if he did!”
“Steve, don’t worry about any of that now, we can both berate ourselves when we find her.”
Peter swung his head back to watch as Captain America swiftly brought the kid up under the railing. Peter finally relaxed his grip on the shirt when the kid was moved safely away from the edge. Then his vision whited out for a moment as he was lifted into the air and the agony in his arm flared up. When he came back to a more aware state, he was laying on blessed solid ground staring up at the puffy white clouds moving across the sky. He turned his head dazedly to where he could hear voices and tried to focus his blurry vision on the figures to his left.
Peter let out a pained broken sob and tried to calm the terrified kid. “Shh shh, it’s gonna  be fine. It’s okay, I’ve got you. Some one will be hear real soon. It’s okay. Shh.” His breathless words of comfort did nothing to settle the poor kid down so he began yelling for help again. “HELP! Somebody help!”
Peter’s head felt kind of muddled and he tried to parse why Tony was sounding so emotional. Then he finally realised that this must be Morgan Stark, Tony’s adopted daughter. He blinked dazedly at Tony for a minute. “Oh, she’s your daughter. I mean that makes more sense then the Avengers turning up to rescue some random kid on the other side of the country… I think I may have hit my head Mr Stark, I’m not usually this fluffy-I mean fuzzy headed.”
Steve pulled Tony into a hug. “It is perfect Tony, cause my favourite people in the world are with me.”
Tony gripped Steve’s shoulders a wild look in his eyes. “Steve! We were right here and didn’t notice her leave either! What if someone like Loki took her? Some of our enemies don’t need to approach or leave the normal way!”
Tony grinned back at Steve pecking him on the cheek. “Yep, he just gained eight extra Uncles and two more Aunts and there’s nothing he can do about it. Poor kid won’t know what hit him.”
Howard handed the doctor a pen. “I assure you Dr. Fraser, if I want you fired it will happen. I am the hospital’s largest donor, the board would make anything I ask happen.”
Tony stepped back to let Bruce and Nat finish loading Peter onto the stretcher then turned back to Steve and Morgan. “C’mon Steve, let’s get Morgan strapped in so we can get on our way. I’ve got Happy coming to pack up our bags and check us out.”
“Yeah, but I don’t sleep with you Tones”
“No, no I’m fine I think, just scrapes. I’m behind a boulder and none of the bullets are coming this way at the moment. I’ll be fine Rho-“ Tony cut of as the whine of something bigger than a bullet came towards him. He stared in shock when a bomb with his name on it landed about twenty meters from him. “Fuck!” he swore out loud as he scrambled to his feet.
- of course Tony would still make her sad, even after everything...even when he’s telling her that despite everything he still loves her, even if he can’t ever have her, not like that anyway. He misses her like a missing limb, always feeling the other side of his bed and prays it isn’t empty, and every morning he swears the bedsheets are laughing at his pitiful idiocy. He’d fight against
Tony clings onto Steve just as tightly as the Captain grips onto him, “I love you,” Tony whispers against his lips for the first time since all of this had began, and he trembles, why? He doesn’t know, because it’s
“Tony Stark? A romantic?” He felt a little breathless and, for some reason,
“And it wasn’t enough!” Tony bellows, eyes frantic as they stare up at Steve. “I couldn’t save Yinsen, I couldn’t protect Pepper, and I can’t save the
The teenager sighs shakily, head bowed forward, “no…nothing.” Tony looked up from his suit repairs, and despite everything he’d seen and been through, to see the seventeen year old’s shoulders shaking still twisted Tony’s heart inside-out. “Tony what if
take credit for. Now ‘Steve Rogers’ was a name that was known all across the world, a musician that preformed to stadiums of thousands, with the lyrics and voice that stole the hearts of everyone in his presence - he was America’s Ed Sheeran, every tabloid’s favorite sweetheart, though the man would bashfully deny the compliments.
The door opens.
“Shook, I tell you,” With a roll of her eyes, Andrew continued on, “December started off with the mating announcement as you well remember,”
“Wait, you’re not the coach,” Tony says,
Once settled in the near empty apartment of Thor and Loki, Harley nursing his glass of water and Peter laid on the floor with his head on Tony’s lap. Soft brushes of his fingers through his hair. Thor was checking for anything he may have left behind in the cupboards.
“So where to next?” Harley asks,
Thor turned to embrace Tony, “Svass, I could never blame you for this, but the situation grinds at my instincts,” He said, “Those are my boys with another Alpha, he had the bond I so desired from my pups, and he hurt them.” He says angrily.
“It was late December, two years ago, where Steve found me in Seattle, living in a shelter. I had lost everything, I was wondering the streets having to beg for food on the daily. It was one hell of an experience. I was eating my soup one night before Christmas, and there was Steve walking through the door,” James pauses and sniffles while caressing his child, “He insisted I come live with him in New York, we were raised in the same neighbourhood, we did everything for each other,” James wipes off the tears in his eyes, “He got us an apartment here, and said that he was helping raise your kids with you and that he wasn’t ready to leave the boys, I have to say that I am surprised he wasn’t in a relationship, you seemed so close.”
“It got to him, didn’t it?”
Rhodey is not sure what to make of the situation. It has been three days since the road trip and Thor and Loki are currently in the Tower. Loki is making coffee and Thor is sparing with Harley in the wreck-room.  Peter and Tony are watching them as they discuss a few business dealings that Peter is going to have to face soon. It appears as if this has been happening for years.
Natasha often warned Steve about how Tony’s ego will never allow the relationship to become mateship, that he thought himself above typical omega acts. Clint often referenced Rhodey’s accident with War Machine, was Tony’s fault. Rhodey, thankfully, has been getting better with the leg braces and the synthesis of Starkanium in his spine to help it heal and keep it reinforced. Though the comments did not hurt less, as these were the people he had grown close to, he accepted their behaviour because Steve did not see anything wrong with the situation.
Tony looks down at his child, he remembers him being so small, had run up to him crying that Harley broke his toy and found Steve in the playroom trying to fix the little action-figure. His hair was messed up, eyes focused, trying to bend the toy to his will with his hands. Steve had been good to his family, he was there when it mattered to the boys. But it hurt that he never was for him.
Harley decides to head up to the workshop, it wasn’t the first time that Steve had missed an activity with them this week and it was beginning to cause a minor freak out in the twins. After JARVIS opened the lab doors for them, they saw their mother sitting near the one of the cleared desks staring at the wall,
Eventually the little pack had to return to their regular lives, only after taking a couple more days to settle back in the familiar bonds. The twins were reassured by Thor, that he intended to stay for a very long time and Tony fought very hard not to cry at the puppy piles they had. Particularly when Harley called Thor, “Alpha”. Thor nearly broke the usually defensive little alpha in the hug, sweeping him off his feet. Harley pretended very hard not to like it with a growl, but Thor only laughed harder in response, “My fierce little pup,”. Their relationship seemed to only grow from there.
Steve runs his hands through his hair, and Tony notices the dark shadows under his eyes, “I should have listened when they said you were no good,”
The door opened once more, and Thor entered the room, "I was wondering if you had to grow the tea leaves yourself," Tony whispers into the dark room.
“I think so but only they know, more on this at seven”
But mostly he is hurt.
Another whisper from the manager, with a pitying look, “No, no, no,” Cammy starts,
“Yes, Sir?” A voice comes from the corner sofa,
“He will still come by and visit you both, he hasn’t left you because he loves you both,” Tony says, “Things will be different between him and I.”
“Andrew!” Cammy fake chastised with a light slap on his shoulder, “That is incredibly ru-“
The man blinks once then decides to walk them to the locker rooms, with his hand firmly on Tony’s back. He can feel the warmth radiating from the point of contact and it takes all of Tony’s focus to not ask him to meet up in a bathroom stall.
Pretending that he never saw Loki stick his tongue down Rhodey’s throat was never going to happen. As soon as they entered the room for movie night, Tony did not cease his ribbing of Rhodey. In all the years that Tony has known James, he never expected him to mess around without any intent on a formal courtship. Remembering the long-time crush of Major Carol Danvers and the Christmas Party of ’98, the end of a beautiful relationship. Looking at how Loki cuddling into Rhodey, and the alpha curling his arm tighter around him, Tony felt excited for his friend. Rhodey more than deserved to be happy.
“I am ready to start whenever you are,”
Everyone in the room turns to look at Tony, each with a face of either confusion, fear and anger for him. The omega has a blank face, but there is a stray tear that manages to escape that stony face. Harley is now indignant, “Does it ever end with Steve,” he shouts out, “he is like ghost, I swear it,”
He didn’t even remember to bar his access codes to the penthouse through the elevator. Did he wish for him to come back? Probably, in his own self-loathing way. He had hoped that the man would come back. Did he still want him to?
“Oh, you’re Stevie’s friends, please do come in,” The smile he receives stuns Tony for a moment, the omega is radiating polite and warm energy and Tony hates that his own omega responds in turn. In that moment he feels insecure and the anger he carried for James dissipates.
Tony’s body shivers, but it wasn’t from the cold. He feels himself squirming from the look in Thor’s eyes. His eyes start to fiercely glow and his scent calls out to Thor, but the alpha waits. He needs Tony to verbalise his consent. The omega in Toy whines and scratches at the surface and Tony is doing all he can to not fall to his knees and shout out his consent. Tony must think about this decision, it is not about just him anymore, how will the twins handle this? How will their lives change? Will Thor move to the tower? Will he live in Philly?
Loki shakes out of his reverie and rushes before the elevator close on him. As they start to descend, Loki realizes that this location is another one that has featured in his sexual fantasies. He is at a loss for words. As he tries to not give any indication of his thoughts, Rhodey asks him why he is looking for Tony.
“Okay.”
Loki freezes up for a moment. Instinctively, he wanted to scream yes and tear off all of James’ clothing and ride him like he hadn’t been before. But the more reasonable part of him paused and thought about it. It would be great to be bonded with such an alpha. He was in the army, has a steady flow of income. He seems to have strong genetics and features that would beneficial for their offspring. But mostly he is good, kind and caring. Exactly what Loki wants.
Peter looks up from his lap, "I think if anyone can, it'd be you,"
“And we are back, to those tuning in, we have attained footage of the Stark family seemingly enjoyed a cross country trip,”
“After being a bachelor for very long time,” Cammy begins,
“Sorry, they get overexcited, but I’d like for us to meet up for coffee sometime,”
“Why’s that, baby?” Tony asked softly, Thor also paying attention to the next words,
“It is currently the 5th of June, sir,”
The door to the penthouse opened to let Peter in, “Mama, have you seen where my-” Peter cut himself off seeing Steve in the room with his mother. His eyes flashed red and a growl emitted from his chest. Steve, responds to the challenge unconsciously which forced Tony to let out a purr to distract the alphas from a fight.
“We both wanted other people and used the other to fill in those gaps, difference was I never pretended otherwise, whereas you did,” Tony said, “and I believed you, so I did everything I could for you to love us, and I succeeded only 66% it seems,”
Both Loki and Rhodey rush to the wreck room to check on Tony who has the biggest smile on his face. Thor is pretending to need Peter’s help to defeat Harley. The twins are also laughing, and Harley especially seems to have gotten attached to the blonde giant. Rhodes is afraid to ruin this tender moment between this growing family, but he feels that in the long run, it would be best that Tony deals with it now.
“Since the images were taken, their followers counts have doubled to nearly three million.”
Thor closes the door and takes a seat joining Tony on the couch facing the fireplace, and takes the picture from his hands slowly, “This is my favorite picture of you, carefree and happy,”
“The twins are said to be strikingly handsome after not being seen for nearly three years now, according to the social media responses on their appearance, the power of puberty I say,”
He ends up in the kitchen where he sees James making some coffee for most probably Tony. He approaches him and tries not to imagine the alpha taking him on the counter. After taking a breath,
James returns with the child in his arms and Tony is dumbfounded, but to be sure his eyes are not deceiving him, he asks, “How old is she?”
Thor sits there unsure of what to do. Tony had moved away from him yet he yearns to comfort his omega. He moves closer to bring the smaller man back into his arms and he is stopped. Tony hold his hands in his with his head downturned and the sound of sniffling reaches his ears.
On his drive back, Tony is unsure how to feel. On one hand, he received half of the answers he wants, but he only ended up having more questions. He had not been hurt like this before. He started thinking about the questions he’ll have to answer for leaving home like that. He remembers the hurt in Thor’s eyes, and all the leftover anger turns to shame. He has something special that could be more and he still fell right back to his destructive methods, he needs to make it up to him. He needs to get better, if not just for Thor, but for himself.
The dark-haired omega calls Harley over and Peter wants to join in the exploring as they head to the locker room and Tony decides to follow them. On his way there, he loses track of them and begins to wonder about. He sees them turn a corner and as he is about to do the same, he bumps into something. He looks up and sees an alpha with dark skin.
In a moment of weakness, after an argument about Bucky, Tony had attended a gala alone. With no Pepper or Rhodey to keep him in check, bright blue eyes had him trapped in the past. He left the hotel missing an expensive watch and his dignity. Tony arranged for a getaway a month later and Steve refused, saying he had plans to visit Bucky at the rehabilitation centre. Tony gave the trip to Pepper and Happy.
Tony goes to take a seat on the couch and Steve sits on the lounge chair furthest away from him and lets out a sigh.
“Pups, I would like for you to meet Thor, your father,”
“You didn’t know, we had a sleepover at Thor’s with MJ and some other guys we meet at the games,”
“No, it’s worse.”
He cannot believe that man he had been thinking about for so long is right in front of him, he wants to reach out and touch him, to feel the electricity through him again. He notices that he has cut his hair, and he looks incredible enough that Tony only misses the long hair a little. He is not surprised that the man’s name isn’t Thomas, he had searched for all the Thomas’ in the country with the physical descriptors he very clearly remembered, and none had matched.
The other residents in the tower seemed to mysteriously disappear at the same time. Loki and Rhodey were acting suspicious and if Tony had to guess they were conspiring based on the secret looks they were giving to each other. However, entering a room to see Loki grinding on Rhodey with their lips locked made Tony note to revise the looks people give when they are having sex. Though, given the upheavals lately, he feels he deserves a break.
“The tech mogul himself has finally settled down,” Cammy says with an excitable voice, “I certainly did not expect this happen, on his social media posted the image of his wedding ring and low and behold, a mating bite,”
Stark Tower is a main attraction to the people who are not from New York. The building seemed tall enough to reach the heavens. Levels upon levels of pure architectural genius and ingenuity beyond compare. The proud Stark label glistening in the first beams of sunlight. Many argue that it was one Tony Stark’s way to be a part of the New York’s skyline and others say he is compensating for what he may be lacking on. Though, no matter the reason, the tower is here to stay.
Tony rushes out of Thor’s embrace to the closest vehicle, before he goes in, “I feel that I am not going to get back the Tony I know if I let you leave,” His face has no true sentiment, but his eyes shine with emotion.
“They have me now, as they should have before,”
“I have looking for you for a long time, I want to introduce you to some people who are important to me,” Tony mutters, “Peter, Harley this is Thor,” the twins greet the man with confused and frowned faces respectively. Tony wraps his arms around them and says,
Rhodey and the twins all of a sudden shout and throw streamers in the air. The Eagles have won the SuperBowl. Half the stadium is going wild and the other is solemn and angry. Tony smiles at the joy in his children’s faces as they try to make him join in the fun.
Tony had not thought that either of them would share anytime soon. He had given them a few more hours to express some emotion other than anger.
“Omega.”
“I agree,” Tony pauses, “You’ll be getting more of him,”
Harley responds, “You’re right Pete, we have our pack right here, fuck him!”
Rhodey holds Tony in front of him,“Oh, Tony, you need to snap out of this, you need to leave this tower for a while,”
“He just sent a text, in a minute or so,” Rhodes calmly says,
“Approximately 146 of 100000 are above six foot three inches tall, though the numbers for natural blondes are ambiguous,”
Loki sees Tony appear from seemingly out of nowhere. His shirt is stained with motor oil and other questionable liquids. His eyes are dull, his undereyes are darkened from lack of sleep and his skin has lost a little of that olive tone. Loki thinks this is sad and almost wants to ask JARVIS to play a sad song.
"I heard you two speaking, didn't want to interrupt," Thor whispers back as he lays behind Tony to cuddle in. The omega is shocked, he hadn't thought the man would want to be near him so soon. The omega rejoiced hesitantly, his alpha hadn't given up on them but the tension had yet to fully dissipate. Anything is better than nothing.
Tony had no response for him. Objectively he knew that Steve cared for the boys, even loved them, but after the bombshell dropped by Barnes, he isn't in the best position to speak well of Steve. He brings them both to lay on the best, the day has taken a lot from them both. As they settled down and Peter began to sleep, Tony stayed there, eyes wide open in anger and sadness. His child was hurting and he could not face him in one of his vulnerable moments.
“Pete, have you seen Steve? He was supposed to be training me to fight in the wreck room,”
Steve simply stared at Tony stonily. Tony let out a painful laugh, “Right, I know,” he muttered, “Its only ‘together’ for what you want, not for all of us,”
Images of the family he had lost flash through Tony's eyes; the birthdays, the twin's first explosion, the beach vacations, the romantic dinners. The tears were burning at his eyes.
Harley impatiently asks, “Don’t lie to us, Mama, where’s Steve?”, Peter pulls back to the look on their mother’s eyes. Tony sighs and leads them towards the work desk and asks JARVIS for the date,
In his tan blonde glory was Steve Rogers himself.
“I had no choice, Tony”
(See the end of the chapter for
“We can clearly see Omega Tony Stark walking towards the ticket booth with who we assume are the twins in their blurry presence,”
Tony is seething.
A comfortable silence fills the room, though this time, it has an edge of hesitancy and anxiousness. Thor reminisces on the years without Tony. The difficulty in sleeping alone with his warmth. The glimpse of his body in the morning night and difficult it was to leave him. It had made him irritable and distraught. He threw himself into football, and being the best.
Andrew continues, “On the screen, Tony Stark is now seen with the coach of Philadelphia Eagles, Alpha Thor Odinson, and we can hear the wedding bells already,”
“What I mean is, they were the couple that never was and a lot of fans are angry, since Tony has been busy with other people from all secondary genders, you would think a grown omega like him would be settling down and it looks like he did not want to settle with perfect alpha Steve Rogers, which begs the question: Does Tony Stark have impossible standards or does he simply not care that his children will not have a father?”
“Rogers.”
It had been months since they had seen Steve, and now Tony knows why, and it burns at him. He had believed that he had moved on; that the budding relationship meant his heart had moved on, the whole road trip was to clear his mind and heart and bond with his family, he made friends and more. It was supposed to be his fresh start. How dare Steve take this from him.
“No, JARVIS, I need him to promise me,”
Tony sighs and reaches for the coffee on the table and takes a sip. Loki stands to wait for a reason to justify his actions in the last couple of days and why his space was invaded by the blond giant. Tony explains that he went to see Steve in search of answers which he never received, but before he left, Thor caught up to him and told him that he is afraid that Tony would not be the same when he came back. He admits that the alpha was right. He wants to make things better between them and that had involved him closing the chapter on Steve but he could not even do that.
"For so long, I believed it was enough that we could build a life together," he says softly, "It felt so real, I thought it would be enough."
This is really happening, Loki likes him.
“When I laid there that night we met, when your side of the bed got colder and colder, I thought to myself that if I ever see this man again, he will be my last. He will be the father of my children, my mate, my partner.” Thor declares, “My instinct to provide and protect often pushes me to the darkness and I have scared off more omegas than I care to count. So, I will ask one more time, could you handle it if I stayed?”
A small smile appears on Tony's face, his baby boy knew what that Tony's was not going to share his feelings with him, thinking him much too young. He notices that something is bothering the young man, and he is figures that he needs to deal with this before going to the mine field that is his love life. And that thought gave him the confidence to continue into uncomfortable territory.
Peter approaches him, ”Are you okay?”,
Peter was not exactly sure how to answer this. He knows that his mother is feeling insecure after the news broke of Barnes' pregnancy and how Steve has been public about it. He wants to tell him how he still misses Steve and still sees him as the Head Alpha in their little pack. Even after he left and the abandonment he feels. He almost wishes he was like his brother and was able lock all these feelings away. It isn't fair how one man can break on family and be able to start another with no consequence. He didn't even tell us why.
Tony wished they could simply stay in bed and not addressed the pink elephant in the corner of the room. The haze of the morning made all the worries seem so distant. It was lovely while it lasted.
Steve eventually found out about him cheating and could not look him in the eyes. Even started booking a hotel near Bucky to avoid Tony for a while.
“Would you have told me about Bucky earlier, would you have been with me, would you have been a hypocrite about cheating?” Tony asks, getting louder and louder.
Rhodes turns to see Loki standing there and smiles and Loki melts, “I haven’t yet, but I'm going down to the lab,” Rhodey lifts up the cups and starts heading to the elevator.
Tony can almost feel the voice inside of him and distantly remembers how long it has been since he last had sex. Though he didn’t let himself be distracted, “Sorry do you know where the locker rooms are, for the Eagles,” Tony rasps out,
A silence fills the rooms for a couple of seconds.
“They are attached to him,”
They seemed to have ended their conversations and Harley was still tense. Peter was blank-faced and Steve looked resigned, and left without another word as the twins made their way back.
And so it starts...
Though Tony did not need to wait long as he was making notes for the architects for the new house, he was notified that Steve Rogers has entered the building. Tony remembered that the twins were Thor’s apartment helping Loki move into Rhodey’s apartment and Thor was getting gifts for the boys and refused to tell him what they were. This reminded Tony of when Steve left that last time, here he was standing in the tower alone expect this time Steve was coming back.
"I miss Steve," He mutters out, "I hate him for leaving, but mostly he couldn't love us like he loves his new family,"
Steve nearly storms up to him with hands raised, “Go on,” Tony taunts, “Show me the man you really are,”
Something seems to click, Tony turns to look at his pups with his glowing golden eyes. The twins realise that their mother was in his instinctual omega mode. They whine in response. The omega stands to come inspect them, nuzzling their heads and pulling them closer to him.
“Where is Thomas?” Tony realises that the blonde god is no longer around, “He went to fetch the nurse, you’ve been passed out for fifteen minutes, wait, Thomas?” Rhodey questions,
“You always have a choice!” Tony screamed,
Tony opens his eyes and sees Rhodey hovering beside him, “Tones, are you alright?”, Tony quickly sits up and groans from the dizzy stroke his movement caused, “Mama, thank goodness you’re okay,” says Peter, “Don’t do that again, Mama,” Harley huffs out.
“What do you mean?”, Steve looks up,
“You believe me?”
It wasn’t the words that made Tony step back, it was more about the sheer numbness in the statement about the man who all but sired these boys. How the twins knew that Steve was not happy being a part of their little family.
They finally reach the door, and as Tony turns to thank him out comes the twins practically beaming. They start talking over one another and Loki walks out after moment with a little smirk which fades as he sees Heimdall. The dark-haired man tries to herd the Starks off to the room, but Tony slips out quickly to say thank you to the coach.
Both Harley and Peter were home-schooled by the best tutors in the country, only having to attend four days a week and experiment with R&D the rest of the time or spend it with their mother in his workshop. Due to their fairly lax schedule, they had noticed the lack of Steve in the Tower. Harley steps out of the elevator and rushes over to his brother,
“What!” Andrew sputtered, “No, no no, we also have to consider the entire alpha population in America to be sure, knowing the free nature of Mr Stark,”
“And where is the omega you left pregnant? Does he know the sort of alpha you are?” Tony sneered at him, “Does he know the sort of manipulator you are?”
Peters heads to sit down next to him and lays his head on the omega's lap, "Mama, how are you feeling now?"
Peter rushed over to hug Thor tightly and Tony could see a small wet stain on Thor’s shirt. Harley’s eyes were getting watery and Tony pulled him into a hug which he returned fiercely.
Loki steps in closer to Tony and states, “Here’s an alpha who left his life to try to figure out what you have and if it has a future, and at first dilemma, you avoid him,”
“It shouldn’t be a problem, I’ll ask Thor once we get there, he’s never been able to say no to children,” The man says,
“Okay.” Tony responds, with a bored look on his face,
The alpha abruptly stopped, realising what he was about to do and lets out a shout after walking away from Tony.
Tony always thought that football was a sport that he neither loved nor hated. When Steve watched the games with Clint and Sam, he spent time down in the lab working. It had simply not appealed to him. So, when Rhodey said the name Thor Odinson, Tony could vaguely remember Sam and Clint arguing and this name being mentioned. He was expecting an older man, most likely an alpha. When their group finally made it into the VIP viewing area and after a few minutes, in walked a tall, black-haired omega with bright green eyes. Tony thought Thor was quite handsome.
Harley’s choice would have usually required Tony to flash his name to get them through, but this time Harley hurried up to the gate and told the guard to type in a code to enter. Tony later found out that Harley knew the Director of the facility in one of the Stark Expo’s he begrudgingly went to. Harley went off to the deeper parts of the lab and was glowing, not in the radioactive way. If Tony hadn’t known any better, he would have believed he had seen Harley skip.
Twice.
The silence in the room was deafening. Tony had imagined in hundreds of ways how this would happen and how he would feel. Now looking in those blue eyes again, he could not help but be disappointed they were blue eyes with specks of green. They were not accompanied with the smell of rain and mint. This detachment from a man he invested his time and resources to surprised Tony. He thought he would be more upset, at this point he just wanted Steve to leave.
“So, what are you going to do now?” Rhodey quietly asks,
Afterwards he tried to do it all, he helped out with Clint's children, attending their plays and sport events while being head of Research and Development simultaneously. He helped Peter with his physics and Harley with his obsession with weaponry. He outfitted the family with technology that would not be available for decades for the sake of their safety. He played the traditional omega part and did more, but it never seemed to be enough for Steve.
Thor and Loki have rented an apartment nearby the Tower for an easier commute. Rhodey questions why Loki had moved but the dark-haired man says he needed a change of scenery.  Loki returns from the kitchen to the couch and sits with Rhodey once more. The change in their dynamic has made the soldier more hesitant than confused. He can clearly see Loki is an attractive man, though the ten-year age difference tends to make him feel a little insecure. Rhodey is not as young anymore. His last relationship was with a beta, Carol Danvers, whom he believed was it for him. A difference in life goals caused them to split, it was not anyone’s fault, but it didn’t hurt any less.
“The situation sucks, but look,” Tony pointed to Steve, Harley and Peter talking at a park bench, “They are getting closure from this mess,”
“I think that would be best as well, Svass,”
Their eyes cease to glow, and their higher thought processes function once more, “Your name isn’t Thomas.” Tony states, and the man responds, “My name is Thor, and you are Tony Stark.”
“All those times, when I asked you about him, you never said any of this,” Tony responds,
“Are you okay?” James asks concerned,
“JARVIS, tell me what he is on about,”
“But you wouldn’t have helped me,” Steve responded softly, “I had no choice,”
“You love my sons and you abandoned them, but sadly they love you back,” Tony admitted, “I won’t make them forget you, but I won’t help you fix this, that’s their business,”
The baby cries out, scared, and Tony feels worse. This isn’t fair.
“I’ve been looking for him, Mama said that he would be gone for a little while,”
“Don’t thank me, I’m doing this for my sons,” Tony responded,
“I fucked up.” Steve huffed out, head down.
“Peter, I-“ Steve started, but Peter cut him off, “I don’t wanna hear it,”
Thor interrupts, "-I don't need to-"
“Harley, what are you doing here?”
“I didn’t catch your name,” Tony says with a slightly seductive tone,
“Not at all, rumours have circulated that Steve was the father,”
“Are you sure you are okay with move to countryside?”, Thor asked once,
“Well, I’ll need to semi-break the no internet rule to book a hotel for us, JARVIS?”
Steve looked surprised, “Thank you, Tony”
“He could leave again and I don’t think I could handle it,” Peter starts, “Besides he has another family, and we have ours,” Peter finishes with a little smile at Thor.
“Yes, Master Rhodes. There was a story that broke about Steve Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes are in a relationship and the latter has given birth to a girl,” JARVIS replies neutrally contrary to Rhodey who has become outraged,
“Thank you, James.”
“I need you to-“ Tony stops when someone walks in,
On the side table was a picture of Tony, Thor, and the twins in a puppy pile. All smiles and laughs, and he could see the love he had in his eyes as he looked at Thor. He knew that he did, but it wasn’t until seeing it in his own face that Thor was it for him. There was no lying to himself.
“Tony, no.” Rhodey pleads,
“The man in the image is the Coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, back from a recent Superbowl victory, an alpha in his prime,”
“Would you have done anything different?”, Tony asks lowly, shaking Steve from his anger, “What,”
Their little family trip involved the twins, Tony and Rhodey all of whom had a place where they wanted to visit. Peter wanted to visit the Exploratorium in San Francisco, Harley wanted to visit the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California and Tony wanted to see the biggest ball of twine in Minnesota.
“It's your name, the one that you were given at birth, it is important to your identity, ”Loki breathes out, “I say it with care because I know how important names are, and that I like it because it's yours,”
“Very well, indeed.”
Ever since Peter and Harley were born, the tabloids were filled with possible alpha fathers in his circle. Many had thought that he was holding out the name for the drama and suspense. Whereas he had been wasted beyond belief after a particularly nasty betrayal by one Obadiah Stane. He flirted and mingled with many who were more than ready to jump at the opportunity to have him as a contact. Other than one seemingly young alpha male, blonde, toned and lean, Tony was more than interested. One thing led to another, and next thing was that he was pregnant, and he had not the means to contact the alpha, and not for the lack of trying. He recalled him being called, “Thomas” and that he was overly dramatic with his words.
“Maybe you should have, maybe you should have left me alone when I told you to, maybe when you used me to find your slice of heaven and blamed me for wanting the same from you,” Tony shouts,
“What’s going on?” Cammy asks as the camera still broadcasting,
Tony huffs out a laugh and scratches the back of his neck, “There is no rest for the genius,”
“I am so sorry, I was distracted trying to catch up with my kids,” Tony breathes out distracted by this man,
It had nearly been a week and a half since Tony had stormed into Steve’s apartment with Bucky and Tony wondered when it would come to head when he saw how much time had passed. The omega knew that Steve would somehow respond, but Tony was not sure what his reaction would be. Would the love he had still be there, would he even stand up for himself? He was more worried about what Thor would do. The alpha would let out a short deep growl sometimes when he saw Steve on the television and Tony was afraid it would come to fists between them.
Maybe the way that he does, “Loki, do you want to have a bond with me?”
“I have no idea, Andrew, but if I were to hazard a guess, I think that Tony Stark’s extracurricular activities may have played a part in this drama,”
Sorry for the wait.
“You said we would do it together, even if they were not your blood,” Tony said loudly, “Where is ‘together’ now, huh?”
“I would love to, call me when you’re available,”
The first thing Tony sees are bright blue eyes which feel warm but tired. He notices the long brown hair tied up with a few strands slipping out. Light pink lips in an unsure smile, “Hello, may I help you?”
When Tony does not respond, he asks, “Mama?”,
The soldier pulls Tony towards the giant windows, ”Look around Tony, you need to live your life, go sightseeing and clear your mind, hang out with your kids, they work too hard,”
Tony looks towards Rhodey, “Now I know you did not just ask me that?”
James smiles lovingly, as if remembering a wonderful memory whereas Tony sits there stewing in his perpetual anger that he hopes James has not picked up on,
Tony would drug himself in order to forget about this Alpha, because he is in love with Steve. He wanted to share his family, his space and love with him. Steve was the solid structure whenever Tony would slip up somewhere with the kids. He’d fetch the kids from after school practice and make sure Harley did not blow himself up whenever he manages to evade Tony.
Loki turns to looks at him, “Would you like me to stop?”
Tony settles with his first coffee of the day and watches Thor scruff down six slices of toast. Tony was more than confident in his skills, but feared that they would not be good enough for Thor. Seeing him enjoy his efforts soothes his omega.
They talk.
The voice is deeper than Tony had expected. The man is attractive, beautiful and young. Clearly an omega in their prime,
This is still not beta'd, so yeah.
Loki is seated less than a foot away, and Rhodey notices the cut of his jawline, the long eyelashes and those bright green eyes. He wonders if his skin is as soft as it looks and if those lips taste as good as they look. He shakes his head to remove these thoughts, he doubts that the relationship will ever get to a point where he can find out the answers to those questions. In the meantime, Rhodey wonders about what they had missed during the road trip.
Rhodey receives a call from Thor for them to stay back a bit, the roads aren’t safe after the game. Tony decides to hit the snack bar, since the wait may very well take a couple of hours. The twins began to doze a little and Tony is becoming impatient,
“James, have you seen Tony today?”
“Today, Cammy, we have attained some more images of the couple who have shown positive support over the last month,”
"Good morning," Thor husks out near his ear,
“The legend himself, Thor Odinson, coach of the Eagles,” Rhodes says.
Tony blanks out for a moment, and traces back the last year in his mind. It has been eight months since Tony and the twins have seen Steve.  The child would have been conceived in January, a month before Tony cheated. This realisation makes Tony choke on air for a moment and James rushes to get him some water.
“Heimdall, coach of the Patriots,”
"Would you like some breakfast? I make really good toast," Tony whispers back,
“This is unbelievable, does this mean there might have been more happening between Steve Rogers and Tony Stark? It has been about eight months since Steve left the tower,”
He goes to find Rhodey to help him figure out what to do. As he wonders the halls of the Tower, he imagines the man he intends to meet with. He had not planned for the onslaught of feelings to rush back. Since he saw James at one of Thor’s games years ago, he knew that he wanted to have this alpha to himself. He tried to catch the attention of James and the alpha seemingly didn’t even notice, which honestly had hurt his ego. After trying and ostensibly he did not respond the way Loki wanted. So, the omega decided to just get to know the alpha who could resist his advances. They remained in contact sporadically over the years and Loki had not seen him since the year before. Now that he feels like he did all those years ago, he doesn’t think he could handle it if they didn’t get together for one night, if not more.
“No.”
The game itself wasn’t not horrible, Tony enjoyed it for a minute or so before he started tinkering with his phone. Due to the no internet rule, Tony decided to hack into the twin’s phones to find loopholes in the operating system to close up. By the time he comes back to reality, Rhodey is standing up and tense. The game is currently at a tie, and there’s only a few minutes on the clock. Tony is happy that Rhodey is having a good time, but he is starting to miss his bots and JARVIS.
Apparently Rhodes chosen destination was time sensitive and also was in Minnesota, so Tony decided to explore the most rural parts of the place as part of his explore the country package. They ate in three different diners, almost got sick from binge eating competitions and the best part was no one recognised him. His favourite part was the twine. Never had the twins see their father be that happy to see a giant ball. Tony took pictures where it looked like he was holding it in different ways. The alphas have never been that embarrassed before, well except Rhodes.
Steve let out a watery laugh, and Tony wondered why was he surprised, “Part of me still thinks of them as mine,” Steve said softly, “and you left them regardless,” Tony responded, “Did you think they would be here waiting to call you alpha,”
Thor steps closer to Tony and breathes in the smell of peppermint, cinnamon and motor oil, and nuzzles in closer. Underneath all those scent is something that Thor can only describe as fire. Burning. Thor imagines it as the passion and unbridled energy that can either strengthen or consume anything in its path. The alpha silently thanks 23-year-old Thor for approaching the magnetic Tony Stark.
“Tony, I need you to know that I want whatever you’re willing to give me, all I ask is to have the chance to get to know them,” Thor pleads,
I have about three more chapters planned but the way its looking I might even push hard towards four :)
"-But I have to," Tony cuts in, "He helped raise our children for years, was their father for years, and I find out that he had been cheating on me for so long," He says,
“Whether I would is my decision to make,” Tony nearly shouted, “You used me, I always wanted to make you happy, you know that,”
Peter walks into the room saying, "Mama, can we stop by-", notices the tension in the air and briskly turns back.
Tony pauses for a moment, “Now I’m worried,” He takes out his Starkphone and even before he types, Rhodey swipes his phone, “Tones, please,” Tony takes a breath,
“Don’t thank me, go find your truth, I deal with mine.”
“I have changed Steve, I want you to stop trying to tear this family apart,” Tony cries out,
“Well, Cammy, the most wonderful time of the year is once again amongst us and boy, is it a doozy?”
Cammy nodded along adding, “The boys were posing for Forbes list of 30 under 30, placing first place together,” A picture of the two men appear on the onscreen monitor, Peter and Harley Stark-Odinson standing side by side in their matching black suit jackets seemingly in a middle of a laugh with their arms on the other’s shoulders.
Thor rushes to the elevator, “Svass, tell me what is going on,” Thor pulls him into a hug, “I can’t stand to see you so indifferent,” he whispers,
“I have realized that you are the only one who calls me James regularly,”
“Oh wow, tell me more,”
“How much longer is this going to take?” Tony says,
“JARVIS, any breaking news we should know about?” Rhodey sips the coffee and slightly moans at the taste, “This is actually amazing,”
After a breath, Tony asks, "How's it going with Thor? Are you getting along?"
He swears he can still hear Thor laughing with the boys. He can still smell the musky cologne in his nose. All these memories do is cause him more pain. He wraps his own arms around himself to feel like he is still in his body.
Tony takes a breath and looks at Thor with whiskey brown eyes, he wasn’t lying when he said one night would never be enough. The scent of rain and mint will follow him to his grave. The man gives off a predatory vibe, one that should scare Tony but it only pulls him closer. He wants it all.
With that, the pair stands to start their day as though it were routine. It is awfully domestic and Tony could not convince himself that he hated it. It showed him that they are in harmony even when they have much to discuss.
“I’m okay, my baby,” Tony crooned in Peter’s ear.
The stage production manager tells them to cut off the live broadcast, much to their confusion. She never interrupts during their session.
James huffs out a short laugh, “No, no, I mean that I have been wondering why you would,”
The slight widening of his eyes told Tony that Steve had expected more emotion from him. More deference, like he typically would give him. Though, Tony can understand why he would be. Whenever there were arguments between them, Tony would be the one to beg for forgiveness. In response, Steve, like the forgiving angel, would left him up and carry him inside. They would have sex and pretend that it was Tony who was in the wrong and ignore the issues that brought them to this point.
Tony flinched back from Steve, the anger in him almost palpable.
Rhodey pulls Tony closer on the couch and keeps him in his arms, “It wasn’t for a lack of trying, how many tall, blonde alphas  exist in the State of New York?”
A pause.
“Oh no, dear, this barbaric sport would never appeal to me, I was adopted by Thor’s parents,” he responds, “My name is Loki,”
James responds, “No, I believe your pain.”
I am burning the midnight oil because the comments really do make the difference. Thank you again, @TeamTonySpidey and @MotherNature, your comments have made me wanna finish this story.
“They were jackasses, Tony, you don’t deserve to be treated like that,” Rhodey says, as he pours a cup of coffee for Tony, “Why didn’t you tell me this was happening?”
“Are you blaming me for this?”
“I am serious, Tony, promise me,”
As Tony mulls over the logic of his pup, Thor asks him who is at the door. He pauses when he realizes it is Tony. He smiles slightly and invites him in. He sees about five kids in the spacious living room playing soccer on the gaming station and greets them all. Thor then leads him to his study where Tony notices a couple of pictures they had taken. One stood out, which was the one he took when they saw the big ball of yarn. The smile on that Tony’s face was beaming and Tony wanted to feel like that again.
Tony gets thrown out of his inner monologue to see Peter, his little alpha with hardened eyes and stony expression.
“I am sick of Thor moping in my room, its as if he is going through a break-up, I mean they aren’t, right?”
“Oh Andrew, you wouldn’t know a thing about that, and on to the next question: what would cause workaholic billionaire to take a break such as this, the trip has been nearly a month long,”
Thor manages to lay atop of Tony on the couch and starts to pepper kisses on his neck, holding and marking every inch of skin,
“I think we should take it slow, there’s more than just us involved,” Tony says quietly,
“Stark.”< /p>
“I raised those boys,” Steve continued in a soft voice, “Like they were my own,”
Tony loses the golden glow from his eyes and tries to steady himself for the children. He tries to explain the situation without making Steve seem as though he has left them, that he was the one who had done Steve wrong and that he does not believe he’ll take him back and that’s okay.
“Thomas?” Tony whispers,
“You need a shower, man”
“More on this at eight”
Tony blinks once, then twice, and shifts out from underneath Thor. He heads for the mini fridge and takes out a bottle of water for Thor and himself. He tells Thor that for what he is about to say, he needs them both to be clear minded and calm from their earlier activities. Thor continues,
Knowing Harley was the sort to annoy until he got what he wanted, Rhodey found it best to simply tell them, “My choice is to watch football,””
While they get acquainted, Tony decides to wonder about the room some more, and finds some alcohol. He instinctively prepares to pour a drink and Harley asks if he can go see the players before they go play.
“I need to know if you can handle it if I stayed,”
“Right, well there is Thor’s office, he has the best poptarts stored in his cabinets,” Loki stage whispers to the twins.
“You are pretty shit at apologies, but then again, you never had any practice,” Tony said,
“We could have done that at home,” Harley whines,
The opening of the door shook Tony out of his mind.
“Yes, indeed I do,”
James zones out or a minute. Wow.
“So you’re not going to tell us,” Harley probes further,
After a moment, Tony says quietly, “They were loud and boisterous, getting into trouble whenever I turned around. Harley often tried to mix chemicals to create puffs of smoke while Peter tried to make a car out of anything he could find,” Tony continued with a small smile, “They caused more than a couple grey hairs,” Tony huffs out a light laugh,
James stands up and opens the door while calming down the child, he takes a breath and says, “Steve is not going to be back for a while, he is shooting a movie in Colorado. He’ll be back in a week.”
“Stark, stop pretending you were a victim, you didn’t love me, you wanted to be wanted after that alpha left you pregnant,” Steve retorts,
Steve takes a couple steps closer to Tony, “You think this is a joke,”
“You know how it is, the military doesn’t stop for a man,” Rhodey responds,
Many would say that his playboy ways had caught up to him and punishing him for his promiscuous past. Tony does not agree; Peter and Harley were the single most important things to have ever happened to him. His past was punishing him the last moment spent with Steve,
Steve had been so distant lately, his melodious laugh seemed to not make his ocean eyes light up as they used to. He had taken to spending all his time in the tower with the children and trying to find Bucky with the help of JARVIS. In a span of two months, Tony had seen his alpha a handful of times. It burned at his omega knowing that he had done this to Steve, made the perfect alpha break.
“Steve has officially confirmed that he is the father of the baby, and the fans are losing their minds, the almost perfect couple is finally perfect,”
“Now go blow something up, I have a few calls to make.”
“No, pups, it never was like that,”
I really enjoyed writing this part.
“He never liked that he wasn’t our biological father, we were never going to be enough for him, especially since Bucky,”
For @Banaenae and @Namida_Kira, thunderiron.
“So, I am guessing that you bringing me to their team isn’t common practice,”
“And just who is this friend, Rhodey?” Tony asks curiously,
“Peter, son, lis-“ Peter rushed toward Steve, eyes flashing red, “ You can never ever call me that again, you are dead to me,” The younger alpha was incredibly tense in his response, “You lost that when you left, so you can fuck off,” The usual chastisement was stuck in Steve’s throat.
Tony has a general idea of where he is headed, he simply refused to acknowledge that he is doing this; that he ran away from the people who truly care for him. Rhodey, whom had almost understood exactly what Tony is feeling and what he could do when in such a state. Harley, his fiery little star, who has been protective of Tony, but the omega knew that he had loved Steve in his own way, and when he left, the boy had become a little more solemn. Peter, his little sunshine, refused to watch or talk about Steve entirely, as though he doesn’t exist.
They had almost managed to keep internet free, except when using navigation. Peter was practically glowing at the museum, Tony felt like he should have kept him on a leash to avoid feeling like having a heart attack. Peter had spent about ten thousand dollars at the gift shop and had another ten thousand worth of stuff mailed back together to the tower. Tony felt better knowing he had managed to cap the shopping at that point, there were other kids in the line.
For three reasons in particular; Stark Industries needed a new headquarters in New York to facilitate the entirety of the company, Tony wanted to create the most secure and efficient building ever and to ensure that their family can be nearby to visit. A family that probably would not be coming by anytime soon.
"I care for Steve," He says looking down, "I would not have stayed with him if I didn't-,"
“Why didn’t you go to the Tower?”
“Harley, Peter, how about we give the adults some space? Loki, what else can we do to pass the time?” Rhodey gives Loki a look to hurry him up.
“I am going to need you to explain further, because I am not getting it,”
And closes the door.
“Tones, have you seen the news?” Rhodey strides straight towards Tony, “I need you to promise you will not be impulsive this time,”
“Its no problem, I would love for you to bump into me anytime,” His deep voice rumbles out,
“I think they make you look even more handsome,” Thor looks Tony directly in the eyes and the omega can feel the honesty and vulnerability. Tony didn’t know what to think anymore and hasn’t been able to since Steve left. He thought that was it for him; love was never going to be in the cards for him. Now, he sits in front of the man who has influenced every part of his life since they met, and he wants Thor very badly. As he is about to respond, Thor kneels in front of him.
Neither one of the brothers want to leave Tony and their supposed father alone but they are aware enough to see that their mama needs this time alone with Thor. They huff and decide to leave with the other adults in the room.
"I'll be alright, I just need to be an adult about this mess,"
“You’ll be called a lot worse of you use that language with me again,” Tony retorts sternly, “This is what being a Stark entails, television stations trying to get views by using your name, as painful as Steve’s leaving was, I don’t want the public to think more is going on, okay,”
“You mean, guilty,” Loki deadpans.
Thor and Tony were at an impasse. On one hand, they have feelings for each other, their instincts are pulling them closer. On the other, Thor is unable to get past Tony leaving to go see another alpha while they were trying to build something together. Both Rhodey and Loki were unsure on how to tread between the two. Rhodey feels he needs to support his best friend and Loki is feeling empathetic towards Tony; he knows what he feels like to love someone who doesn’t return the same feelings. So, the dark-haired omega decides to act, he needs to get to Tony out of his head.
The realisation shook him more than he expected. The slight laugh at his own realisation surprised him and he felt like he was free for the first time in a long time. He felt liberation in his love for Thor and god, did it feel good.
Thor had gotten up to make some tea against Tony's protests for caffeine. The omega could feel the fatigue-inducted crying creeping over to him. He is stuck between wanting to hide away his tears, maybe Antarctica is great this time of year, or stay and face the alpha he ran away from to the one that may have never wanted him. As he sat there, the door suddenly opens to reveal Peter, who wanted to see his mother.
“That’s not possible, he isn’t gay and he would have been underaged when they were born,”
“I know I hurt you Tony, I thought by not saying anything about Bucky, that I was sparing you and now I can see I was only sparing myself,” Steve then looked up at Tony, “I am sorry, hopefully one day you can understand,”
“Thor offered to host us and the guys are fans so it worked out,”
“It's that bad?”
There was a build-up of tears as Steve closed the door to the penthouse floor for the last time. Tony knew that this would eventually happen. He had stopped waiting up for Rogers after his movie premieres and after parties. He stopped waiting for him to make an effort to keep the relationship, especially since the return of his long-lost friend.
Its been like a while, but it was Christmas and I was lazy with no WiFi. I also wasn't sure how I wanted this to happen but eh. Please enjoy and Happy Holidays.
Tony sits up and shifts to the end of the couch. He takes a breath,
As he enters the apartment complex, he uses the power of money to grant him access. It concerns him how easy it is to enter. He reaches the elevator and he can feel himself becoming angrier. After all they went through, with raising their children, the sneaking out to have dinner so the press would not know about them, paying off restaurants to not utter a word of their adventures. The late nights crying over the people they had lost, their fears and wondering what the future held for them.
Both Harley and Peter lower their heads, “Yes, Mama,”
“That’s because we were.” Tony states quietly, “We were in a relationship and we were a family,” James shakes his head, “No that’s not possible, why would he lie?”
“Here we see Steve Rogers and James Barnes having a picnic down in Central Park with their baby girl, aren’t they adorable?”
Tony feels tears in his eyes and leans on Thor’s shoulder and sobs quietly. Thor lets him rest his head there. He finally understands that being with Tony will contain impulsive actions and days spent alone, but the omega will come back to him to heal and be strong for the world once more.
Tony and Thor first notice how empty the room feels without the others and second, the intensity of their connection that pushes them to want to touch the other. They take stock of how the other looks some more.
“It was, Mama, because he would’ve stayed then,”
“I’d still have my lab, some dogs apparently, Harley and Peter would visit, and another hugely significant point, you’d be there with me,” Tony responds alongside a kiss on Thor’s cheek.
“What do you mean the company was sold!,” exclaims Andrew, “to who?” he continues,
Tony looks as if he had been struck. He rushes to put the cup back on the tables and enters the elevator. He quickly presses the buttons to Thor’s floor and impatiently taps his foot. After Tony leaves, James and Loki are left in the workshop. They stare at each other for a couple of moments, then head to the couch at the back of the lab.
Then for a third time.
He knocks once.
Really really sorry.
“I often end up doing crazy things for beautiful omegas,” Heimdall drawls,
Tony makes it up to Thor’s apartment, nearly ten minutes away. He knocks on the door and Harley opens it up for him.
“Huh.”
“A very long time,” Andrew emphasizes,
“No Thor, I can’t have only one night with you, it’d kill me,” Thor is pushed back into reality, the haze has faded from his eyes and he looks down at the omega and his eyes are fiery and cold. Thor found himself feeling possessive and deeply attached to this burning protective side of Tony.
Maybe not everything is lost.
“Tony Stark can pick very well,”
The relationship was meant to stay secret, Steve was not prepared to face the backlash of his coming out. Or rather being associated with Tony Stark, playboy, billionaire, philanthropist, 43 years old omega. Steve always tried to reassure him that it was not his age, that he did not plan on having children anymore and that Peter and Harley was more than enough for him. Tony believed him. He hoped that this would make the alpha that he allows himself to be marked by and become the omega homemaker that everyone seems to think he cannot be. The sheer number of rumours that circulated the net would never reach popularity status, due to JARVIS, the family AI.
“Up next, when do you think Clint Barton’s kid will be born? Stay tuned for more on Fact of Fiction”
“It’s February, so about five months now,”
“I am so happy for the newly, emphasis on the engaged, couple after only eight months of dating and here we are,”
“That’s why no one knows who they are, imagine the PR disaster that would be for Stark Industries,”
As he approaches the only door on the floor, Tony realises that once that the door opens, he might not be ready. He might see the life that he wanted with Steve. To be public with their love.
“We fired?!” Andrew nearly cries, “What about my cats?”
“You know what, fine, go back to your boyfriend who I have spend thousands of dollars for you to find him and leave me for,” Tony shouts with tears in his eyes,
“He needed my connections to help find you, I thought you were good friends, there was nothing I wouldn’t do for him,”
“I can’t allow you in their lives if you intend to leave,” Tony firmly states, “Even if we don’t work out, the boys should never feel abandoned by you, ever.” The fierceness in Tony eyes told Thor that nothing less would be acceptable and that was what made Thor kiss him, he held his face close as Tony placed his hands on his shoulders. The scent of rain and mint, the electricity and heat between them take Tony out of reality. This is what he had been missing out on, the drunken fling didn’t do this action justice. It was like he had a drink of heaven and could not fully appreciate it when it was there, now that it had been gone so long, it tastes even better than he imagined.
A few tears leaks out without his permission and he furiously wipes them away. He gets up to run off, but Tony quickly catches him and pulls him into a hug.
“Yes, you did,”
After retiring to be a coach, he thought that it would be enough. But being near his omega again showed him that it never would.
“I can’t leave, I need answers from your alpha, I need to know that I wasn’t a means to an end,” Tony shouts,
The omega reaches for the coffee, soaking in the warmth in the chilly living room, “It was happening so often that I didn’t even question it, I just wanted to keep the boys happy, they loved Steve and the others, I couldn’t take away their family again,” Tony puts the coffee on the table and cuddles in further, “Its my fault they haven’t met their father,”
