Tony gets his feet into motion, chases after Donnie, reaches out and grabs him by his frozen forearm. "Donald. Of course you can come, I'll build you a holo or something. I-"
"Keep wondering. I'm not." Fury shrugs one shoulder and turns back to the screen. "The Avengers are working and will continue to work with ATCU, which means they work with SHIELD, which means they work with me. You get how that works, Captain?"
"Captain Rogers," the lightly accented, feminine voice greets him, and a few lights come on. "You followed the scent right to my lair, like I knew you would. Such a good boy."
Tony says edgily before he slumps down, tired. "I went there to help. I always try to help, I really do, Viz, but I just can't seem to do that. Maybe I'm not built for it. I'm an engineer, I fix things. I build them. But I don't - I don't know what I am."
T'Challa agrees to those terms and Tony reaches over to the table where the papers Hope laid out for him rest. He sticks them in a manila envelope and scrawls a note on the front, then hands it over. "You know," he says, then pauses. "Never mind."
, Cap," he said. His voice was getting more high-pitched, words spilling over themselves as he leaned into Cap's personal space. "We have to do more. We have to look forward. You know Rocket's gun has a thermal paste that one dab could keep my armors maintenance-free for ten years? And - and Nebula's swords? Can cut through adamantium! And Quill told me the Ravagers suits that move like leather but can stop most physical ballistics. Even my armor is weak to concentrated gunfire, not to mention the suits you guys wear - oh! They have explosives that can take out entire spaceships that would fit into the palm of my hand. Imagine having that the next time Leader tries to blow up Avengers Hall!"
Tony walks next to Rhodey in the pool as they test out the water-proofing on his prosthetic. There are pieces of ice floating on the surface, spiraling from the corner where Donald sits, creating ice floes that Spider-Man is leap-frogging around on. Peter slips for the third time and Donald seems afraid of his own laughter.
Wanda does not answer him immediately but Steve's had a year of learning to wait her out. Eventually the spark between her fingers disappears and she closes her eyes, breathing in deep through her nose before opening her mouth to speak. "Causality and catastrophe."
Shuri snorts indelicately; T'Challa remains impassive but for the twitch of his lip indicating he feels much the same. "I'm glad you so enjoy our country, Agent Johnson. Would you like to meet the native wildlife?"
Wanda just rubs at her temples, red sparking at her fingers. She does that now, a nervous habit developed after a week spent locked into a power dampener, a reassurance that her abilities were still there. It's only gotten worse over the past few days.
"That's in T'Challa's, too," Sam says. "Followed by Item 3: Thou shalt not go where you aren't authorized. But picture this for me, Scott. T'Challa, King of Wakanda, says the Avengers can't interfere even while, I don't know, Russia is bombing their coastline. You think the people of Wakanda care about the Accords right then? Or do they care about making it out of that nightmare alive?"
It's not that he wants to stop missing his parents - he can't do that, he will never not miss them. But he thinks it'd be okay if some part of him just let go and stopped grieving them. Sometimes, when he doesn't have nightmares about Steve Rogers, he dreams that he's keeping his mother here with him, unable to move on to whatever is past death, to the God she prayed to, forever serenading a son that cannot recover.
you now as his leader, so maybe he'll actually listen when it comes outta your mouth. You got a knack for putting his feet back down to the ground, man. He needs someone like that; I got into the habit of indulging him back in college."
“Yeah, so, and it’s still there, but look at that line there, they added on, brand spanking new. Hey, come here, sit down with me, I’m getting creaky in my old age-”
"No, I mean-" Steve feels off-kilter, unbalanced, like he always does when he gets on the track because he knows its wrong. "I mean I never belonged anywhere but at the compound. I told him once that it felt like home. And he, it feels like he took it away from me. I know he didn't. I
Vision is perfectly polite to Bruce when Tony brings him home, having only met the man once. Rhodey is a little more enthusiastic but cautious after registering Tony's low mood. Nothing could compare to Natasha, though, whose jaw actually drops when the wayward scientist walks into the room. She gathers herself quickly enough but its too late; Tony know she is internally losing her damn mind.
that dangerous and apparently, neither did Natasha because she actually stops. "Look," he says on a sigh. "First thing: phones work both ways. Second thing: FRIDAY, 121691 to Agent Romanov's phone."
“Sometimes it’s easier to believe someone else,” I will agree, thinking of all the times he has sat me down and showed me that I had done the best I could. Or, even better, when he showed me the places I could do better next time.
A sound comes across the video feed and it takes a second for it to register as a laugh. It is high and wild and mad and
Tony suddenly straightened, looking excited. "But that's why you should have let me give you this!" He pulled out the tiny device he'd tried to give Steve earlier this afternoon. "It's an Omniwave - a multimedia device. You can put music and movies and audiobooks on here and this way it'll be at your speed." Tony powered it on and then frowned at the very full display that popped up. "Well, okay, not this one. I kinda loaded it up with all my favorite stuff, but I'll build you a new one and show you how to use it and-"
"But not us. You haven't told us what they've found, or what they're working on," Steve points out, and he hates this more than anything else, this fragmentation. He used to send Natasha to gather information and send data off to Tony to study patterns in their targets movements. Now they're all working with half the story, everybody but the man in front of him. "And I'm willing to bet you haven't told them everything you know either."
He's an inventor. He's got more money than most countries, I think. He's younger than you - younger than me but he's already done so much. He's very...bright."
"Kamala cannot stay here forever," Aamir says bluntly. "I know we are waiting for her powers to come under her control, but what happens then? What happens to -" the young man gulps and looks down, something like shame in his face. "I am sorry to admit that I haven't made as much of my life as I should have, Mr. Stark. I know Kamala deserves a normal life, but I don't know how to give it to her. You see, I don't want her growing up in a remote place like this, with no people her own age and constantly surrounded by talks of battles and enemies. I am frightened of what an environment like this might do to her. Not that you are bad people, just that-"
"You are. You're just pretending you aren't." Then he took the MIT letter and pinned it to their corkboard hanging over the desk they shared. "A reminder," he said again, tapping it with one finger, and then he headed to dinner. At the door he stopped, and Tony could feel his stare on his back. "Think about it, Stark. Then get back to me. I have a feeling you and me could be having a lot more fun."
and when she caught sight of Tony she just clammed up, neither of them quite able to look at each other.
But for realsies, this chapter was stupid hard to get out and I'm still not happy with it. Kamala has a lot on her plate so lets let her get settled before we do anything.
"Sure," Bruce says easily, after a moment, and Tony really loves him for that. He doesn't deserve his friends. "Let me show you where I'm at on the nanobots for Donnie. I needed your help anyway with the schematics..."
“No!” he shouted, pulling with all his might. “I am not losing to an asshole time vortex! Let. Go!” He engaged the thruster in his right gauntlet, the one he never took off, and heaved. All at once the dragging force relented, and Tony fell backwards.
"You do not think they can be stopped?" T'Challa asks, brow creasing. He places a bracing hand on Tony's shoulder. "This doesn't sound like you, Tony."
Diamondback is an even better gymnast than Natasha and nearly impossible to pin down. She bounces around the training room, attacking him from a distance, and by the time she is done with him he's bleeding from several gashes on his leg. "Maybe we should get some rubber darts for you," he tells her when she digs her nails into a cut just to see him wince.
"There won't be. This is your call all down the line, Commander. The Avengers are just here to help."
His eyes are more open than Tony has ever seen, wide and earnest. Tony gapes at him for a moment before pointing an accusing finger at him. "Are those fluttering eyelashes I see, Pantera? From Mr. 'Tony-I-Am-A-King-Not-A-Errand-Boy' himself? You hung up on me!"
“She tried her best. She slipped a couple of times before…the accident. Always started over. I still have every one of her AA chips. She was so dedicated. ‘Making up lost time,’ she said. She tried so hard for us. I went to school. And without me around-”
"Until I didn't. I changed. You changed. It wasn't working anymore, not for me. And you wouldn't want me putting myself through that."
"Yes," T'Challa says fiercely. Tony's mouth closes with an audible click. "I do not want your fear to drive you, Tony Stark, because you are a better man than that." He snatches up Tony's hand like he did a week before and holds the fingers up between them both until Tony stops shaking.
"Tony," Rhodey says, and a hand closes down over the fingers that had been beating wildly against the table top. The four men sit in the silence for a moment and Tony can't bring himself to look up.
So, for the first time ever, let me clarify: I do not always share Tony's position on certain topics. I believe Steve was fighting for what he thought was right in a very roundabout messed up kinda way but the point still stands. (Actually the point is Tony is so twisted up he doesn't know who Steve is anymore)
Tony mentally clears his calendar. "I'll get it done. What do you think of it?" He gestures at the new armor.
"Donnie, hopefully, will be ready in a few months," Tony says, lies really but that's something he shoves down. "For now, he still needs a bit more time to sort things out. Hope has already agreed." And wasn't that a pleasant conversation. Hope still has a business to run on the West Coast, so she doesn't mind staying on the reserves for the time being, but he knows it galled her to be told once more to wait. "Black Panther is technically already on reserves. He's called upon when needed, just like the rest of you will be."
"You think I don't know?" he whispers. "I didn't go to Leipzig up on my moral high horse because the Accords were just oh-so-righteous. I didn't go for the Accords at all. I went for
"What would be the best dream you could have of her?" he asks Vision when Bruce is catching some much needed sleep. Vision cocks his head and Tony quickly backtracks. "You don't have to answer that."
Slowly, clumsier than anything else he's ever seen the man do, Bucky takes it. "I'll call," he says. Promises. A dark voice in the back of Tony's mind laughs.
"No," Tony agrees softly. "It's kind of the worst." He glances to his side to see T'Challa's gaze on the skies again. He's young, the king, and so immeasurably sad. He should never have lost his father like that. "I can't tell you what to do. I'm a little bit scared of what you'd do if I tried, honestly. Can I ask you something, though? Why did you invite them to your land in the first place?"
If Tony were to tell anyone his foremost theory on Howard Stark it would be this: his son could ask for forgiveness as many times as he wanted, but Howard could not grant it because Howard didn't know how.
"Whoa," Tony says, leaning back and batting Peter's hand away. "Do not put that voodoo on me. I'm not your father.
stark is still a grade-a asshole but he's doing okay by me. just stay steve please. i've gotta give the phone back now.
"I'm sure he did. He hates not having the last word. Reminds me of someone else I know," she says, rolling her eyes but unable to hide her look of pleasant surprise. "Send me up a copy, I'll take a look. Have you decided what you're going to do about Barnes?"
Upstairs Rhodey and Natasha are debating asking the Defenders to take on a small mission in Harlem. "No way," Rhodey is saying. "Cage and Daredevil will probably just deliver gift baskets."
"He was a genius. One hundred percent. He was never the same after his wife died." Hope stares at nothing in particular, her mind clearly very far away. "It seems to be a trend."
“I’m fine. I don’t. I don’t need to see his stupid movies." Steve would hate how childish he sounded if it didn't feel so good to finally get some of this off his chest.
"If this is something that's happening," Peter says slowly. "Then there's something you need to know."
Tony snorts. "If it's an emergency, Pepper won't settle for a phone call." Never mind if it's a real threat, Pepper has a panic button in her office and every room of her apartment.
"Even worse." Tony leans back in his chair, away from Kamala. "Over one hundred people died in Chad, Vision."
And isn't this an uncomfortable case of looking in the mirror. "Peter, Gwen Stacy is a civilian. A very smart civilian, no doubt, but she shouldn't be involved in stuff like this. I'm not saying I won't look into it, but I can't go hacking into something like this - if I'm caught it wouldn't just affect me, it would affect all of the Avengers." His phone begins buzzing again and once more he silences it. "I'll do all I can. Tell Gwen thank you for me."
T'Challa finally turns. He looks worried, Tony notes, unsurprisingly. "You and Barnes will not be in the same room. We have a set of rooms we use for practical research that allows two parties to communicate through speakers and a window."
. Point still remains. You gotta recognize that doing will mean that you understand I am training you to be the future of the Avengers. And I'm not gonna settle for anything less than perfection. So are you in, Spidey? Kamala?"
Vision, I've seen Tony's definition of handling and its not fun. Can you please get him to talk to me?
"In the lab," Donnie answers, his tone an odd mix of cheerful and sardonic. Tony's gut clenches even tighter. "I'll see your eight frames and raise you eleven, Mr. Rhodes."
Steve has to do what he can to protect his friends, even if that means putting himself into the hands of Nick Fury. Arguably the man is a bigger threat than the rest combined, always two steps ahead and so good that he isn't afraid to let everyone know while maintaining an impenetrable shroud of secrecy.
Her whip cracks out and Steve raises his shield instinctively, blocking the blow. His blood? Is Terrigenesis...based off of his serum? But all the records of that are lost, and even with his blood the serum would be nigh impossible to synthesize. The whip cracks down again and Steve rolls to the side.
"I'm not alright," Tony says bluntly, meeting Rhodey's eyes. "But I don't want to talk about it right now. Okay? Are you satisfied?"
Brian shrugged. “I did. But Tony theorizes that he’s everyone’s type, and neither one of us are the type to let a hypothesis go untested. I’ll see you later, Lady Widow.”
, and Tony gave that derisive snort again. “I should have taken him to you five minutes ago; he gets antsy when people break protocol.”
Tony scrolls through his phone again, handing it back over. "This is Kamala Khan. She inhaled a fatal dose of something called Terrigen, but by some miracle managed to live through it. Problem is, it's rapidly destabilizing her DNA, faster than its repairing itself."
Tony snorts. "I never worry. Hey, did you know that Kamala has missed a month of school?" Natasha sighs but its almost fond, her lips quirking up when she glances at him. "Got it. Priorities. Terrigen mists."
Used to, when Tony was 'retired' and only visited the compound to upgrade some gear and work with Wilson at building Redwing, he had an apartment on the top floor that he split with the rest of the reserve members - Barton, Rhodes, Banner, Thor.
Sam leaves him not long after that and Steve finds himself looking through the Accords again, eyes flicking to the news every once in awhile. Before he knows it, he's sketched an Iron Man flying through the skies, War Machine and Spider-Man at his side headed straight out of the page.
"You have been. You will be," Tony assures him. "Come gatecrash the party when I see him at OsCorp. Dollars to doughnuts he needs you and is too stubborn to admit it." If Peter and Harry are the kind of friends Peter thinks they are, then Harry needs him doubly so. The friends that you can scream at, the ones who will listen to you repeat yourself over and over about how
going to stop, even if Tony kicked him out of the Avengers right now. So it's Tony's job to step up, stop being terrified of disappointing the kid and make sure that if Peter is going to do this, especially with the Avengers, that he has the best chance of survival possible. Right now, that means a lot more training.
"You'd best get to it then," he tells her, standing up. "Supervillainy won't wait forever. I got business in the city; you need a lift, Spidey?"
of them. Your idea has merit, Stark, don't get me wrong - the Compound is great for training, but it's not sustainable for leading any semblance of a normal life. But you need to recognize what you're opening yourself up to."
Tony blows out a breath, trying to get his thoughts in order. It's a question he's often asked himself. Best he's come up with is this: "You know way back in 2011, the US government was trying to take my suit? Of course you do, everybody does, FOX ran those clips for a month straight. I didn't want them to have it, as far as I was concerned, they had no right. I didn't want the tech leased out to the army, because I didn't trust them. But then some...things...happened, and Rhodey got a suit of his own. And you know what he did, he took it straight to his boys in blue. And I was okay with that. Mostly. Because I trusted Rhodey. I knew he'd do it right. The Accords, they were a lot like that. I didn't like a lot of what was in the original resolution, not by a long shot, but the bones of it were good, so I thought - if just one of us can get our hands on the wheel.
“Hank Pym can’t tell me anything I don’t already know,” Tony said with a snort. “No, I need to go. I – well, no matter what, I got people waiting on the other side.”
He holds my hand one night when I talk about the four times I’ve lost Bucky. (’Isn’t it supposed to get easier?’). He tells me he’s sorry another night, the night when Bucky Barnes is
Parker is going to bounce straight out of his skin before they even get there but T'Challa is as calm as ever. "I need to talk to you when we're done here," Tony mutters lowly to him. "And no, you're not going to like it. Just hear me out, okay?"
"Dammit!" Natasha shouts, getting up and making a circle around the table before sitting back down and picking up the phone. The death toll rises and one by one they take turns on the phone, pleading their case a thousand different ways and denied every time.
“If you saw one of your teammates going through a hard time, if they were up against the wall, would you let them face that fight alone?”
“This was just…out of the goodness of your heart?” Steve asked, and Tony’s eyes hadn’t been playing tricks on him earlier, that was a smile!
By this time tomorrow, the whole world is going to learn Bucky's name all over again. Steve watches Maria Stark die
.” Something in Steve’s face seemed to shutter and he brushed Tony off, walking towards Shield HQ. “It’s an American classic!” Tony shouted after him, but Steve didn’t slow.
Tony whirls so fast he trips and stumbles off his stool. Donnie is there in a moment, competing with Dummy on who gets to get Tony to his feet. Donnie wins and hefts Tony up with ice-cold fingers. "I didn't realize - I'll come back later."
Of course, they had a point. Learning how to finally fix the serum with the science they had now might not fix Terrigenesis, and even if it did, all those people had still died. What was the point in correcting it? Hadn't Tony just promised himself today that he wouldn't fall into the same traps Howard Stark had?
, not to trick myself back into a HYDRA agent!" Tony shouts back. His hands are shaking in rage - and worry - and guilt. Donnie's been sleeping off the Asset state for an entire week, no one's been there to drag him back up, anything could have happened.
she was already going through withdrawal. I didn’t understand. It was my choice.” He looks down at the glass in his hand. “It was my choice to do that to myself.”
The trial is an open and shut case because it turns out it’s really hard to prosecute people for breaking laws that never actually went into effect anyway, and Steve and his buddies walk within the week. Someone delivers the new Accords to them; he doesn’t know who, maybe Natasha. Tony genuinely doesn’t give a fuck. To say that he has
"No one's saying you can't be," Sam responds, sounding confused. "Stark pulled a lot of shit in the war."
Everett observes Tony for a few moments then leans back in his chair, running a finger along his brow. "Their families were found and the ashes were returned to them."
"You're never going to touch him again," Steve snarls, stepping closer, but Madame Hydra cracks her whip in one hand and waves the detonator in the other.
Tony shouts. It rings loud throughout the house and Tony can't bear to let the echoes settle. He grabs for his phone, flips to a photo and shows it to Bruce. "Charlie Spencer, Sokovia, young kid, bright future and
And Tony has always been so good at picking up Steve’s dropped cues, filling in the blanks he leaves all over his life. “But you saved me. Just like I knew you would.”
"Thank you for your honesty," he tells the Princess, and she inclines her head, pulling open the door so they can climb out. It is not T'Challa but one of his female bodyguards who comes and collects Tony, also referring to him as Dr. Stark. She takes him into the uppermost level of the facility, high enough so they're now level with the giant panther statue just outside to floor-to-ceiling windows. T'Challa is standing in front of those windows, staring out, and the bodyguard announces Tony before stepping back a discreet distance away.
Steve shook his head. He and Tony may not get along all the time but - “We’re not going to end up like you two.”
Rhodey sleepily rolls his eyes, dragging himself upright. They all watch interestedly as he shifts his legs as much as he can, straining to use the mostly-defunct nerves until they are in position and he can strap the braces on. Rhodey is slowly regaining feeling in parts of his legs. He'll never be like he was, but he's getting better. In the meantime Tony just builds him different braces every other day and tries to fool Rhodey into thinking he's just a test dummy for Stark Industries' new line of prosthetics.
Tony cursed silently to himself. Steve hadn't been wrong when he said the Accords could be dangerous; in the beginning, it was because they were too broad, gave the UN too much control. Tony and T'Challa have been wittling that down, taking it nation by nation, letting each experience under the Accords provide an example of where to improve or where to maintain. Every step has been a stumble, but Tony truly believes they're getting somewhere better. Now, the problems lie in specificity: in particular, what to do with homegrown heroes.
"I don't really want to test that theory right now," Rhodey teases. "Look, whatever Carol says, they're doing okay without me. The Avengers are still getting their feet underneath them - so to speak." He palms his braces and Tony can see condensation from his damp palms collecting on the plastic. "So stop trying to kick me out, man. We don't leave a job half finished."
"We made Ultron," is the immediate return. "And we didn't make him to kill people. I - what I said before, that was way out of line-"
There's another memory of his mother now, ugly and dark and final but Tony focuses on the notes that she taught him, beating them out on the hard ridges of Rhodey's collarbones until his fingers have stopped shaking.
“Real swell, Buck!” Steve replied. James clambered onto the bed with him, ignoring his mother’s protestations about Steve needing rest, and slung his arm around the younger boy’s shoulders, Steve’s left arm squeezed between them. James laid his own wrist next to it, the dark smudge taking up the entirety of the inside of his wrist.
A harsh laugh and a ‘fuck, no’ answered him. “I believe the universe – universes, I guess – have one hell of grudge for me, though,” he continued, pulling back. “And I – I know my dreams. This isn’t one of them. God
And Wakanda is beautiful, even more so through T'Challa's eyes. The man does love his country, and his people love their king. The Dora follow along silently behind them as they walk the Royal Mile, T'Challa telling a charming story about being six and stifled and selfish and fleeing the palace to come stay with the common folk.
"Without a proper threat analysis-" A man with a thick French accent is saying to Tony before Tony orders FRIDAY to close the line if only to control his anger.
Tony didn’t dare blink as he slowly nodded. “I believe you,” he whispered, and the truth rang deep in his bones. Big Steve smiled, straightening up.
It's a good idea, leaving War Machine with the SHIELD agents; he's used to working with a team under pressure so they coordinate attacks well. Spider-Man keeps out in the woods all along the perimeter, webbing people to trees and creating huge traps at the entrances and exits of the compound that the stupider HYDRA men walk straight into. Iron Man works seamlessly with Black Widow and Black Panther, slinging them up to walkways and rafters while blasting any agents he comes across, creating distractions while Vision just fazes through everyone, intent on his goal.
"Diamond - Rachel," he says, and she doesn't look at him. There's a snarl on her lips that almost distracts from the devastation in her eyes. "Rachel," he says again, softness wrapped over steel. She swallows, looks up, defiant and daring.
"I-" Both Tony and Rhodey whip around to face Peter and he raises his hands in surrender. "Sure. Carry me away, noble steed."
He deflates at that, worry clashing horribly with the adrenaline that's begun to pump through him. There's a sick sort of thrill running up his spine at the mystery of it all; Tony's always loved a good puzzle, hasn't he? Even now. Even when it's people, instead of parts, there's a challenge here he can't help but relish.
"They woke me up," he begins haltingly. "Sat me down. They said - some words, I didn't understand, and then they handed me the file." Tony opens his mouth, then, ready to explain, until Barnes kept talking, his eyes still a thousand miles - and several years - away. "My new mission."
"Yeah," Donald murmurs, eyes back on his feet again. "Okay. Okay. I'll - I'll see you tomorrow, Mr. Stark." Tony wants to say something else but his mind is blank and he just watches Donnie leave, head hanging low. He's pretty sure he's doing the right thing, and it's his fault that Donnie even had access to freely enter BARF in the first place, but now the kid knows that Tony still doesn't trust him.
He knows he's dreaming because his father is in the lab with him, physically this time, and they are working together. Tony has no memory of this, because it never happened. He knows he shouldn't be here. Shit, Tony hates his mind sometimes.
"Jasmine," is Peter's answer, dunking each individual bag in their respective cups. The smell fills the air and Tony is reminded of Wanda fiercely. The kitchen used to be her domain, as she was the only one in the New Avengers outside of Sam who could actually cook. Tony would come in for upgrades and tech evaluations and there she would be, cup of tea in hand, making dinner or coaching Vision through a cooking lesson. He visited once and entered the living area just as she was telling Natasha about "
Barnes watches Tony's minor unraveling with the same icy patience he has been clinging to this entire time, and it is only when silence falls that even a hint of emotion echoes across his face, but Tony can't name it. "You know, I've seen you. Wan - one of the people here, they've shown me videos. Of you-"
Falcon's shoulders tighten up under his wings. "Shit. You're thinking terrigenesis." He trails a finger across the screen. "'Contact confirmed. Tests unclear. Sending backup.' Another plant, maybe. If we can find where this was sent..."
He sounds like Steve's ma when Steve was being his most stubborn. He feels a muscle in his jaw tick. "I never wanted any of this to happen. I never wanted to fight, I never wanted anyone to get hurt. It sounds so stupid to say it out loud, of course no one wanted that-"
"Really?" Kamala asks breathlessly. She's let her guard down a little today, conceding to Tony's presence if only because the boys insisted on hanging out in the lab and she didn't want to be left out, but now she lets it down fully. She practically glows in her admiration, and Tony selfishly lets himself basks in it for a moment. It passes as a shadow crossed her face. "But, I mean. With my powers. How is anything gonna...?"
"You go too easy on him," Howard muttered now, his eyes falling to Tony's wrists again. His son wore sweaters and long sleeves exclusively now, bought a size too big so they swallowed his hands entirely or elastic sewn into the cuffs so they pulled tight across the wrist. Howard didn't know when that happened, for he never instructed Jarvis or Ana to adjust Tony's clothing, only that one day Maria had dropped a cup on the ground after six year old Tony had held his arms up for a hug, and the next day Tony was in a jacket that seemed glued to his wrists.
"No. I don't suppose you do," she says softly. "But I would have tried to make one for you." She did it for Steve, back at the airport. Carved a choice out of the chaos for him and hoped he did good with it. Tony doesn't know if Steve let her down, but he'll try not to.
He will. Someday. Soon. They have time now; he figures they’ve beaten the odds, two broken souls fitting together just right. All those dreaded maybes slink off to the back of his mind to die a quiet death. Steve is the best thing that has ever happened to him.
Bruce leaves with the day's research and Tony watches Donnie rock his body back and forth until his eyes begin tracking again. "Fuck," he hears over the intercom. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
They meet Cloak and Dagger just outside, the latter wrapped around her partner and glowing bright white, echoes of tension fading from Cloak's frame. They need to work on his endurance, Steve thinks to himself, and the thought just makes him tired.
Lethargically, Steve dragged his left wrist over to his right fingers, clasped so loosely in hers. Together, they felt the weak pulse behind the smudged line on his wrist. His mark was so dark against his skin.  Most children didn’t receive their full soul-name until they were eight. But Steven had always been special.
"The last thing I need is Captain America and the Falcon getting caught on a routine mission 'cause of sleep deprivation," Fury says. "I just wanted out of Wakanda before Princess Shuri decided to eviscerate me. Get some sleep. Cloak."
He thought nobody would ever quite beat Natasha and Bruce in terms of sheer traumatic childhoods, and while Cloak and Diamondback are not quite on their level, the things they went through are real in a way that hurts. No Red Rooms or obsessive generals or drunk fathers, but multiple foster homes and stints where they are unaccounted for. The psychologist who assembled their profiles remarks that they were most likely living on the streets during this time.
Also, clearly Steve is Not In A Good Place. Depression, which in my opinion Steve canonically has, is not something that you can just fix by jumping from place to place. Moving forward always helps, but you have to let yourself cope with where you are first.
bomb, as Madame Hydra clenches her fist and presses the trigger. Steve roars and Diamondback wrenches her blade to the left.
Luke Cage's panting is loud in his helmet. "Two blocks out. Daredevil's running the rooftops. Gotta say I didn't expect to see you in our neck of the woods, Tin Can."
Inside is another copy of the Accords, negotiated between three parties. The UN Accords Panel, the Avengers Iniative, and Hope van Dyne.
"Let go, Double D," Tony says quietly, and cuts his thrusters as Daredevil does just that. Iron Man catches him around the shoulders and swings him into an open window in the building. "Find any more survivors, get them to the roof. War Machine, you're on extraction. No live rounds in the city. FRIDAY, can you patch me through the police?"
it, okay, will all present who have never had their heads messed with please raise their hands? I think, what, we're down to Vision and Rhodey? You should form a club! I get how not-guilty Barnes is. I nearly killed the guy, I am painfully aware of how much say he had in doing any of it. But it's all still there, in his head; I asked him if he remembered them, you know what he said?" Nat's head shake is more of a flinch, but Tony is past caring. "He said 'I remember all of them.' It's not like the power of friendship and Steve's halo magically cured him! The thing that killed my parents, that killed hundreds, is still sitting pretty right there in Barnes' frontal lobe. Steve wasn't fighting for the Accords, he wasn't even fighting for Bucky Barnes. You think he even once asked that kid what he wanted to do? No. He was fighting for that
he thinks grimly to himself. Steve is more than capable of taking down HYDRA cells and keeping his eye on Fury's doings, especially with Sam by his side.
If he could prove he was the smartest, the cleverest, the most original, maybe it wouldn't matter that his chest and eyes and arms were empty. Maybe Howard and Maria could love him anyway. Not all the way - no one could love Tony fully, he had proof of that - but just a sliver. And that would be enough.
Natasha stood, dusting off non-existent dirt from her pants and walking towards them. "We'll handle patrol tonight, Cap. You take a break."
"I think T'Challa has some intent to show you around the capital tonight," Shuri says, side-eyeing him like T'Challa's intentions are beyond her. "But you will remember where you are, won't you, Dr. Stark?"
He could barely get the last words out, could barely look at Tony, even though he could feel the other man’s steady gaze burning a hole in the side of his head. A hot wash of shame rushed through Steve, that he lost control like that on a man who seemed to have plenty of problems of his own. On letting someone else
He made the choice, once before, in a moment of loss and confusion. He'd dropped the shield, unsure of his worthiness, his place in the world as Captain America. He'd wanted to just be Steve, and Bucky could simply be Bucky, and that would be enough.
Tony was a precedence. An opportunity to make an example, to show the world just how serious the Accords should be taken. And he's fine with that, really, he is. Six months probation is nothing, especially since he's still permitted to lead the team. Except for the implication that they're now on a three-strikes system. Or, no, they're mostly European - a yellow card/red card system, then. One more strike and Tony is out until he is deemed fit again. A rule for the entire Avengers system, there entirely by Tony's mistakes.
's more famous stage tricks off of Wikipedia, and Tony steps forward, shakily reaching out and nudging him on the shoulder. "Come on, don't ruin the surprise. Let's grab our seats."
Wildly, Steve lashed out at the Fog, jumping back a little when instead of whipping through the mist, the shield bounced back as if hitting something solid. The Fog condensed and sharpened for a moment, growing darker and darker, and then, just as soon fell completely beyond the horizon, appeared to solidify into a black mass roughly the size of a door.
"Rogers said to call him if I needed him," Tony says stiffly, meeting Clint's eyes with brittle determination. "We haven't needed him."
"Spider-Man, listen to me," Tony barks as he and Rhodey sail over outer New York. "I know it hurts, but you've got to push through it. Open your eyes and tell us what's happening. We can't do this without you." There is nothing but silence on the line and Tony shouts "
By that time he's turning the corner into Bruce's lab, raising his eyebrow at the way Natasha is letting the man physically guide her hands into pouring a solution into a smoking beaker. The result is a mess of flames and more steam and Nat, secret pyromaniac that she is, lights up. Normally she would scoff at letting anybody guide her, but she's apparently finally learned that the best way of getting to Bruce isn't to confront him with awkward truths in uncomfortable situations but to confront him with awkward truths in his lab.
He reaches for his arc reactor, the final piece, but its not where he left it. "You don't need it," Howard hisses. "They don't need you. Didn't he prove that? Didn't I tell you, boy?"
"I have been told that, yes," Tony remarked, unruffled but for the tightening in his jaw. "Still not seeing the connection here."
hey cap. its clint. back at compound. yep i too have joined the Tony Incommunicado Club. actually i just memorized the number when tasha let me use her phone.
"It's bullshit, you know," a voice calls out from the door. Steve swears Sam has a sixth sense for any unhealthy emotion.
Sam is pretending not to listen, flipping through the copy of the Accords that Steve has been taking everywhere, jotting down notes and improvements whenever he thinks of them. "You gonna say something about this in here? T'Challa's contract allows him free movement in Wakanda. Perhaps the others need the same thing for the United States."
"Tony couldn't possibly have escaped a cave in Afghanistan at sixteen with a hole in his chest, but he did," Rhodes interrupted with a wave of his hand that seemed caustic if one didn't see the sad look on his face. "He's always doing the impossible. It's...not always a good thing. We're all superheroes, but I don't think anyone can understand the kind of pressure he's under. Mostly from himself, but you know he told me when he first got here Fury basically told him all he was good for was what he could invent? Can you imagine how he feels when something he makes fails?"
Fuck his pain, and fuck soulmates. It wasn't like they had always led perfect lives either. Just look at Brutus and Caesar. They'd destroyed each other for love.
“See that you continue to do so. There might be a reward.” She turned back to the preceedings just in time for Rhodes’ ‘Of all the stupid-!’
"I've been obsessing over these a little," Bruce confesses like its a dirty secret instead of a well-known fact. Tony can't help but grin. "And I think I might have come up with something that could stop the switch. Permanently."
He would be more appreciative of the gesture if Steve weren't being so blatantly manipulated into this state, though.
"Yeah," Peter agrees in that weird shaky voice he gets when he's trying to be particularly tough. "You should have. I kicked ass against the Green Goblin and you didn't even say thank you."
Steve throws a grateful smile over his shoulder and then glances sidelong at Wanda. "I need time, Steve," she tells him. "Please give that to me."
made those Defenders contracts with the UN - Luke and Daredevil aren't going outside the United States, there was no need to worry about them - but at the time Ross had taken advantage of the turmoil left in the wake of Leipzig and pushed hard for registration of all active supers, international or not, and Daredevil had been making headlines after his suspected role in putting away Wilson Fisk. If Tony hadn't been able to fight that, he wanted the superheroes he could protect to have as much of said protection as possible. In the end, he won, but as usual his solutions have a double-edged sword. Luke and Daredevil are safe, but what about Jessica Jones, or this Iron Fist he keeps hearing whispers about?
Rhodey glances at Tony then to the side before realizing his mistake and facing Fury head on. "I'm sure they'll be by any day now. They know I'm happy to serve, and they know where I serve."
"Of course he didn't deserve it, Tony," Pepper whispers to him, like Tony doesn't already know this, but it helps nonetheless.
What concerns him most is this supposed 'daughter.' "They still have her," Tony says when the recording's finished. "That's...a problem."
Kamala's family's funeral goes as well as a funeral can possibly go. Tony sends flowers, then apologizes since he didn't check to see if that followed custom, and Aamir thanks him anyway while Kamala tries to hold herself together. Literally. She's torn the inhibitor off and her hands have wrung out to the ground.
"My brother is getting things prepared back at the facility." Even her speech is all cutting consonants and short vowels. Tony vaguely wonders if T'Challa is actually like this too and Tony's either gotten used to him or T'Challa is purposefully dulling his edge whenever they speak. "We will meet him there. You will stay for as long as Mr. Barnes deems he is able to handle you and then you will depart until you are recalled. These terms satisfy you?"
"A bit-" Steve gasped. "One kills the other!" A mad tyrant, and a soul-killer, that's what Bucky was comparing them to.
They have come to a stop again, and this time T'Challa's gaze is very wary. "Wanda Maximoff remains. Sam Wilson went with him. As for Scott Lang, he is currently here in Belgium."
Tony watches the ocean slip by. It's dark yet; he's flying away from the sunset, further into night. It's quiet. Peaceful. Everything hurts, Barnes and his parents and old regrets just brimming under the surface, but for once the hurt is almost good. His skin doesn't feel too tight, his head runs from one thought to the next with no skipping stuttering madness at the edges. He's done all he can, he tells himself. He feels complete.
Steve shouldn't have lost his temper. God, he missed Bucky at times like this. Sam was great, but nobody had been able to talk Steve off a ledge like Buck. He stomped off in the direction of the Time Fog; the campus had mostly cleared out of Chitauri for the night and everyone was far away, enjoying a night at the new club that had opened near the Forge. He was alone.
Did they give these things to him, these parts of themselves, or did he take them? He doesn't know. He can't remember.
"Tracking down the people responsible for the terrigen bombs." Tony doesn't even try to hide his surprise that Fury is so freely giving this away. "I'm here to ask for assistance. But first I thought I'd get an explanation."
Tony is still looking at Kamala's report when the others file out, leaving him alone in the room with Natasha. "You put me on the spot, there, Romanov," he tells her with no heat. "A-plus plan."
Jan was up, taking Tony's arm, ready to steer him away. "Tones, why don't we go run some drills at the Range? Rhodey's on patrol right now but I'm sure he'd love to shoot a few rounds with you. He's still trying to beat your high score."
In the middle of the sea of concrete and glass and Winter Soldiers sits Bucky Barnes, strapped up to a dentist chair. Tony remembers things he won't know for years yet, a red-haired woman with sad eyes who shows him files and files of how this chair broke people.
Tony leans back so he can look at her better. "Is this a sit-rep? Are we sit-repping, Nat? Do I need to call a team meeting?"
Taskmaster called out in his gruff voice, and every one stopped what they were doing to shield their eyes against the sun and watch a Chitauri head sail through the air. Near the end of the field, playing with Cosmo the Spacedog and pretending he wasn't enjoying it, Loki obligingly waved a hand and the scoreboard added another point for the red giant as the head soared right over the walls of the Academy.
"I know," Steve murmurs; he can hear everything Bucky's not telling him. Bucky, apparently, isn't satisfied with that, though.
"FRIDAY," he begins, but he trails off. He misses JARVIS acutely. He could have bounced ideas of him until he stumbled upon the answer, but FRIDAY has limitations JARVIS did not, limitations that might have stopped Ultron. In a way, she's not much more than Dummy or You, and Tony is occasionally breathless at the idea that she's smart enough to realize this. That she knows what he's done to her.
"Thank you," Tony says sincerely, knowing he's been all over the place and Bruce still trusts him to be able to carry this weight on his shoulders.
"Already here," a voice calls from above, and Tony rolls his eyes as Daredevil makes a dramatic leap from the rafters to the floor below him, right between Tony and Cage. Cage takes another step back, hands coming up into fists, and Tony hops off his perch.
'There's nothing I can do,' he types woefully, but his thumb hovers over the send button. That can't be the only option, to just turn and face the wall and accept being Fury's pawn. He's done that before and it almost ended the whole damn world. Screw Fury's trust issues, the Avengers, even broken, are still a team.
it does not take a genius to figure out what happened in siberia. turns out all it takes is two super spies. me and tasha are really awesome like that. man let me tell you i do not want to know what it feels like to be disappointed in Captain America ever again. its the fucking worst.
"You did?" Bruce asks, surprised. Rhodey shoves the stool at Tony, reaching out for him again, but Tony finds himself jolting back, knowing that if anyone touches him right now he will careen into the stars and the desert and not come back down again for awhile.
"Please, Stark, I help run a company that runs on experimental tech. I know the benefits of a good spin, and that was a bonafide Tilt-A-Whirl. Clever not to mention that the Accords were initially presented as a 'do or die' mandate."
Sam shrugs. "You're right, it's a bit of a mouthful. Put your worries down on the Accords, man. Don't give me that look, writing's theraputic. You are giving those back to T'Challa, right?" Steve stares down at the papers silently and Sam sighs, pulling up a chair and sitting in it backwards. "Steve."
Forewarning: In this chapter Tony is going to think things about Bucky Barnes that are Not Nice and will probably rub you the wrong way. He also comes dangerously close to depersonalizing Bucky because it makes it easier for himself. It's not healthy.
His team stops dead. "Tony," Rhodey says cautiously. "We can't break the Accords. You can't break the Accords
There is a hand on his shoulder, a comforting warmth, and Tony leans into it. He'd missed this, while he was away.
They move to close and Tony finds himself speaking again. "Regarding the rogue Avengers." The room freezes.
A battered exhale. "Tony? Please tell me you're coming." Peter's voice is so small. "I'm not doing so hot."
"It's fine, Wanda," he tells her, even though the last thing Bucky needs is more people in his head. "Only maybe wait until he can give you permission, next time."
A pretty blonde is sitting with Rhodey on the loveseat, one hand on his knee. "Speak of the devil and she shall appear," Tony says, taking in her Air Force duds and remembering Fury's words about the military coming back for Rhodey. Losing War Machine has got to be eating them alive.
The taste in the back of his throat as he watched Tony blow Bucky's arm off, heedless: blood and something bitter and heavy like betrayal and regret - he tastes it now and it chokes him.  "Why?" is all he can manage.
"It's just. I thought like, culture shock, you know? So immersion was the way to go. Not that you can really avoid that, what with being stuck here and all." Tony looked down. "But I figured that having something that could be yours here, that you could like, point to and it was familiar? that would make it easier, at least."
Spider-Man is already back on his feet, dodging blows. "You're just a child!" Mean Green cackles. "You think you can beat me? I know you, Spider-Man! I made you! I brought you into this world and now I'm taking you out!"
What Steve knows right now is that there is a smoking crater in Belgium right now that he might have been able to stop if he'd just had
"Pep," Tony whined, but she just waved over her shoulder as she headed away, leaving the two boys to stare at each other.
Ty's hands came to rest on his shoulder, kneading a little. "How funny," he remarked as his thumbs hooked under Tony's collar, tracing his spine. The barest suggestion. "Isn't that what you always say to me?"
She smiles, and it is razor-sharp as ever, but it isn't a no. "I feel like I should be waving pom-poms."
"I do. I'm going to be insulted by what comes next, too. Just a warning," she teases with a spark in her eyes. Tony just stares in her in confusion. "Tony, I'm not stupid. I knew what I was getting in to. I wanted what I was getting into."
"Well, that's reassuring to hear, but I'll still want to ask. Sometimes the littlest things can help take down the biggest of problems. And you've seen what Norman got into."
T'Challa's eyes drift closed. "The way I acted after my father's death was unbecoming of his life. I had to atone for those I'd hurt and for dishonoring my king's memory. I offered them shelter from the storm."
“Yeah. We train here – the Avengers. And other heroes, too, they come and visit. It’s – it’s nice. You can see my Tower, in the distance, see?” He pointed and waited for Steve’s nodded. “I built it all myself.”
Rhodey doesn't punch Ty, but Tony wears his watch gauntlet and taps in threateningly against the arm of his chair as Tiberius tries to explain that it "totally wasn't me, Tony, c'mon."
As he pounded the sidewalk, the sun setting to his left, his thoughts roiled. He knew Jan was right, knew that they were a team, rah rah rah. He just didn’t know how he fit into that.
"Will BARF be a threat to Barnes?" Natasha wants to know, eyes flicking across the screen, and Bruce shakes his head.
"Doesn't it bother you?" he demands. "Fighting for something without knowing the whole story? Not knowing the real enemy? I did that once, and it turned out I was working for the enemy all along. I'm not surprised by this, Leighton; I always knew Fury was up to something, that's why I came here-"
Tony checked over the output from the armor’s scans. “Readings aren’t picking up anything. The Time Fog is a little finicky though – hey!”
"There," she says, pointing out a dent in Peter's back. "It wasn't done knitting and it tore. With your healing factor you need, oh, probably another day's rest."
"I wouldn't dare," Tony says with a mocking gasp. "You could've just beeped me, Natasha, this is the 21st century."
And Tony has always known that Steve was - is - not stitched up quite right. Botched jobs, half-finished ones still bleeding all over the place. Tony isn’t quite healed up either. And he remembers, painfully acute, not telling Steve about Ultron because he couldn’t even bear the thought of pushing him away.
It is not the fun, teasing banter of his old team, of Natasha using a dirty trick to bring Clint to his knees or Thor powering Tony's armor to obscene levels that took out even the Hulk and briefly Steve thinks of interfering. But there's little point; Cloak has already told him several times that off the field he doesn't answer to Steve and Rachel never listens to anyone who isn't Fury and occasionally Dagger.
I thought you had. I was counting on it because Steve Rogers Hates Secrets. I thought 'wow Stark took that really well how out of character'
"I can't fit in my skin," he tells Rhodey nonsensically, but Rhodey nods like its perfectly logical.
Steve shrugs. "Catching up. Should have done this two weeks ago." Sam nods and pulls his hands out from behind his back, revealing a large bottle of rum before he trundles over and slides down the desk opposite Steve, reaching for Dagger's file.
He stopped, looking down for a moment and then back up at Steve with a smile that seemed peculiarly brave. "And you won't even need me this way, see? It'll be your choice."
Steve kisses him back, and he thinks maybe he could tell Steve instead. Steve is more than enough to help him believe it. Because Steve is good, and brave, and so much better than Tony.
"Sergeant Barnes and Captain Rogers resisted arrest," the German official is stating for the third time. "Even if we are to believe these reports, they must still be held accountable for the damage they have done. One of them threw a cement block into a man's chest. He died en route to the hospital. Or is Mr. Stark going to argue that Barnes was under HYDRA's sway then, as well?"
are an asset that can't be wasted. I brought you out of Wakanda for a reason. You took HYDRA down twice, Captain, and you'll do it again, but not so long as they can see you coming."
"A twinge that sent you into a wall," Natasha says, waving the scanner over his shoulder and twisting her wrist sharply so the scan flies up into the air between all of them. Hope is already manipulating it before its fully settled, separating the unmarked epidermal layer from the musculature underneath.
The talking heads on TV are talking about the 'controversial' decision, what it means for the fugitives still at large, if the public will ever accept Hawkeye back into the fold when the screen suddenly cuts to black and FRIDAY says "
"I didn't fight for the Accords. None of us did. I fought for a safer world for my kid, and I failed her. I followed you before, Steve, and I ended up in jail. It's not your fault -" Scott raises a hand to forestall any protests, but Steve keeps his mouth shut regardless. Scott needs to say this, and Steve owes it to him to hear him out. "But I can't do it again. I - I'm gonna go pack but I'm. I'm glad I got to meet you. All of you."
They sit around the table - Bruce and Kamala marking a clear delineating line between Tony and Rhodey and Clint's family. Tony's petty enough that he told Rhodey exactly what Barton said in the Raft and now it's better to keep at least a seven foot distance between the two at all time.
It was an old habit he couldn’t quite break from back in his time in the war, formed early on when his superiors hadn’t given him much to do. With the serum he hadn’t needed much sleep, and though glad-handling and lifting showgirl-laden motorcycles had been exhausting, it hadn’t been the right kind. Not enough to help him sleep.
"Tony, I will not lecture you on the burden of leadership; you have been one for far longer than I. These people need you, that young man in there needs you. You're no good to anyone if you collapse."
. You think, what, that you're doing this for their own good, that they should shut up and be grateful, that they just don't know any better - do you know who you sound like?"
Tony is completely puzzled. "Who, Steve? Barnes?" T'Challa's eyes remain downcast and Tony gapes, figuring him out. "
"I'll get this to Fury. Hit the showers, team. You did good work today." It sounds rote even to his own ears but they all nod and depart at his dismissal.
"Of course," Pepper says, stepping forward to Tony's side when she realize the three Avengers with her have temporarily lost the plot. "We're honored that you came by, Secretary Lukin, and I hate to cut this short-"
"That...that sounds good, Mr. Stark. Thank you," Peter says softly, looking at the doorway. The door is closed but the kitchen is just beyond, and they both know May Parker is listening on the other side. "I trust you," Peter announces abruptly.
"I still can't believe it," Peter whispers, so small and shrinking further, and it makes Tony ache. The familiar urge to wrap Peter in ten layers of blankets and bubblewrap and kindness rises up in him, but he remains rooted in his seat. He doesn't know how to fix this; he thinks in all the universe, grief is the one thing that is intrinsically broken.
There are seven of them standing in the small pavilion. Steve and Sam, wrapped up in their uniforms and gear; Wanda, small and worried in a sweater and sleep pants; T'Challa, wearing the claw necklace of Wakandan royalty; his sister Shuri, a brilliant scientist fiddling with her gear and her two assistants helping her work. This is the only agreement T'Challa would accept after Steve informed him of Cloak's visit, the phone, and his intentions to rejoin the fight. Cloak must arrive at the appointed time with Director Fury and must allow his powers to be measured by Shuri so that Wakanda could develop a countermeasure to prevent him from ever getting inside their borders again. Fury had agreed without a fuss over the phone, too smug at having Captain America at his side again even if Steve wouldn't be wearing his present uniform for a long time.
"He's here to help with Ms. Khan," Tony tells them. "We're...keeping this under wraps for now. The compound's going on lockdown for as long as Dr. Banner is here. And-" Tony debates for a second then lets it go. If he can trust Natasha, he can trust Bruce. "FRIDAY, 121691-"
"Roger that," Tony responds. He tilts his head up and waggles his eyebrows until Rhodey looks over, then waggles them some more. "So, Carol, huh?"
"Oh, Tony," Maria sighs, amused. "You loved me so much, sometimes I think you forgot that I was a Stark, too. You think I'm talking about Steve Rogers, or Bucky Barnes, or your father? Anyone who has ever wronged you? I don't care about them. Forgive them, or don't. I may be in your mind but I'm still your
"Laura. Laura, my love, when the year is up and I finally get to kick Clint out of my compound, promise me you'll stay?" Tony pleads with forced playfulness. "I won't be able to go on without you."
“I won’t, I won’t,” Tony promises against his skin. “I’m right here, champ. We’ll both - yes please that
"What can you do, exactly?" Daredevil says to the taller man, suspicion still in his voice but leaning forward out of Tony's space and into Cage's. Tony sees his cue and digs once more into his bag, slotting his card into Daredevil's hand.
She brushes aside the pieces of the Accords to grab two slips of paper. She holds them carefully even though her knuckles are turning white with strain and her face is agonized as she reads over words she must have read a thousand times, probably has memorized.
But then Tony showed him that hologram, then Tony started talking about plugging alien chips into his brain. Upgrading himself like he did everything else. Why have Avengers when you could have a robot fighting force to replace them? Why train when you fought in a metal suit? Why protect civilians when you could have Big Brother attack your foes before they even struck - even existed? Why settle for humanity when you could have 'powers they wouldn't understand'?
600SGR, Steve's email handle, is a reference to Captain America 600, where Sharon Carter begins to suspect that Steve can be brought back from his 'death' at the time. SGR are Steve's initials. The handle is randomized every time, the initials can only be seen by a select few. *shady government emailing policies*. In case no one remembers, they are essentially using old SHIELD networks, which is why its actually rather necessary that Tony make them something new.
He pulls away. "No promises." She tries to smile and fail, instead turning into Sam's waiting arms as they whisper goodbyes to each other. Sam's eyes clench tight and Steve has a intense spike of self-loathing at ripping Sam away from another home. Sam would hate him more for thinking that way, so he breathes through it, lets it go.
doesn't need to be said; its right there in her voice. Tony nods, lets her have it, and starts hacking into the US government's files on the Raft's for the blueprints of Wanda's collar.
"My dad would have said to just bring the whole damn mountain to me, drag everyone kicking and screaming," Tony says after a moment.
"Well, lucky I'm an engineer then, huh? I know how to fix a flawed design." All that gets him is a glare and Tony turns, rests his shoulder against the glass and settles in for what is about to be, without a doubt, an uncomfortable conversation. "What were your words,
Tony. You're talking a big game of letting all these innocent people decide for themselves but when it comes to Steve he has to fall in line or else?"
"Speaking from experience?" Natasha asks, glancing sidelong at him. Tony thinks briefly of a bright, burning fleet above him in a sea of stars and a brand new kind of suffocation, and smiles weakly at her. She looks down at the phone she has been fiddling with the whole flight. "We've destroyed a few bases, Tony, and I'm very much for more dead HYDRA, but this isn't stopping them. It's just making them more desperate."
There is quiet all down the line until Bucky inhales like it hurts him to. "I don't think that's enough anymore, Steve." He tells the story in fits and spurts, then: Tony coming to see him, the trial that could save them all if Tony could just
"I only stood by and watched," Stark said sadly. "You know I was working on a suit? Made it out of metal, like a Knight of the Round Table. It can stop a bullet or two. It could've stopped yours. All those days I was mopin' and drinkin', I could have been building. It would have been done before Fisk ever came for us, if I had just done better. Don't you understand, Sheriff?"
"Good talk, guys, not sure why we couldn't have done that over communicators," Rocket grumbled, tugging on a twig jabbing into his shoulder. "C'mon, Groot, you need to stretch your legs. You're practically planting roots here, what have you been doing all day?" With that, the big tree stood, rodent still firmly fixed to his shoulders, and headed off in the direction of the
"I remember all of them," Barnes murmurs, eyes lifting back up to Tony's. There is something almost defiant in them.
. He can see it now: not the cracks and fissures that have always been there, but the places they can be mended and patched over.
"Stop that. You've spent every moment since you became the Hulk trying to fix yourself. You know DNA backwards and forwards. Maybe you aren't that kind of doctor, Bruce, but you are exactly the person she needs." He can tell Bruce's innate goodness is telling him to say yes but Banner shakes his head.
"There's no big secret to Tony Stark, Captain," he said after a moment. "His heart's always in the right place. His brain's a few steps ahead, though. His mouth? Probably a few steps behind. Gets him into all sorts of trouble." They shared a smile at that, before Rhodes grew serious again. "Like I said, I heard from Tony what happened - but I got to hear a lot more than you did. Hindsight and all. You know those first few days the Chitauri attacked? One of their guns ate right through the first layer of the Iron Man armor. He told you about that, right?"
It doesn't feel like forgiveness. But it certainly feels like a start. It's...easier to handle than he thought.
And he will do this anyway, all of it, because every bad thing he wants for Barnes, Barnes has already known, and then known worse. There is nothing Tony can do to him, no vengeance he can exact that will surpass what he's already been through. Steve could argue until he was blue in the face that it was HYDRA and Bucky was innocent and Steve would be right, but that would not and could not change the fact that Barnes was the one who did it.
However, he was just short enough now that the edge of his chest plate knocked into Steven’s hip, where one of Mordred’s bannermen had gotten a lucky hit in the barest gap between his mail and his armor, cutting through the jerkin and beyond. The wound wasn’t deep and would heal quickly, but he was like to never hear the end of it until it did.
Wanda sits beside Scott on the couch while Sam hovers behind them, arms crossed as they watch Tony leave Stark Industries in a crowd of paparazzi, clinging tight to Pepper Pott's hand. The scroll at the bottom informs Steve that SI's stocks have been fluctuating wildly in the three days since the video was released, the public apparently both eager to show their support of the Avenger and wary of what this could do to him.
whoa dude what happened to u got heart kid? also thank you so much for implying i have no mind of my own i love that really are you sure youre captain america?
Tony waved his hand. "Enchantress turned it into a slug because Sam compared her to the Wicked Witch of the West. Joke's on her though, 'cause Fury told her she had to take care of it."
"And since then," Fury goes on as if Steve hadn't spoken. "You've given up your shield, your position, gone into hiding and turned your back on Captain America. Your choice, Rogers, I've made my opinion on all that clear. But Captain America - I knew that kid. Stubborn son-of-a-bitch, not big on authority, but a more decent man than the rest of us deserve. I knew what he fought for. I just need to know: are you still that man?"
And Tony led him down the lawn towards Sam and the kids, babbling about how the dog in the movie could not possibly live through the explosion that just occurred "but isn't it great that he does?" and mocking bad science, giving that same bright smile to Steve over and over as if daring Steve to return it with one of his own.
"Check if any big names are interested, then forward that list to Pepper. I don't want to threaten Junior, just talk to him," Tony growls. "I promised Peter some answers; lets get them. Sidebar here: did they do a physical evaluation on Osborn in prison? Draw any blood?"
The capital city of Birnin Zana, the little he gets to see while they travel down the Royal Mile towards the palace (the cab driver calls it something completely different, something approaching 'Panther's Grace.' Tony doesn't know what these people are bothering to hide; there is literally a panther statue or a panther carving every other building.) is incredibly beautiful, a mixture of technology and history that only the oldest and largest American cities even come close to. Once inside the palace they are surrounded by Shuri's contingent of body guards and led to the large grounds in the back where a helicopter is waiting to take them to the Royal Science and Engineering Institute (nobody translates this time but Tony is still willing to bet the actual name has something to do with panthers) hidden up in mountains. Right after the helicopter passes the giant panther statue carved into the mountainside - and Tony is not so insensitive as make the analogy to Disney World that he's absolutely dying to - it touches down on the sole flat space in the entire region, just outside a large boxy building that to the naked eye looks completely deserted.
They turned, watching, waiting for the blow up, for the moment to act, but Tony just balled his fists and stood his ground. “Nobody said that you were, Cap.”
"Jameson heard a tip you were here," Peter explains, wincing. He works weekends at the paper, scraping together extra cash for his aunt. Tony's got to get this kid a paying internship at Stark. "Sent me."
Laura Barton, the terrifying woman that she is, does end up cornering Tony and thanking him for letting her see Clint. "He seems a bit happier now that he's going to help take down Ross," she tells him. Tony nods; Clint's testimony of his arrest and illegal imprisonment, along with Bruce's written statement should get Ross booted out of office so fast he won't know what hit him. Then Laura sighs. "There's a lot he wants to say to you, some of which you deserve, but for this, I'll say for him: again, thank you, Tony."
"But you won't, will you, Tony? I don't need to paralyze you. You'll do all the work for me. Because you always come back here. It's where you belong."
"Spoken much like a man who steals a country's natural resources when it is denied to him," T'Challa remarks dryly.
(There was a note on Richards file that from Fury that just read "Damn idiot. No, do not mark him 'deceased.' Sue's too smart to let them all die.")
The formula floats on screen as FRIDAY brings up the video call. Tony can see the barest reflection of himself, his huge dark eyes sunk into his face, the sallowness of his skin. T'Challa answers more quickly this time, fully dressed and probably headed to a meeting. "I am beginning to think you miss-" The king glances at the screen and his entire face changes. Tony belatedly realizes he's still gasping and forcibly stops.
Tony takes a breath, deep as he can, feels the echo of those terrifying minutes after Obie took the arc reactor in his chest. "Yeah," he whispers. "Dummy's good people. Dumb, artificial, good people."
and very warm beside him. "I'm sorry I couldn't be there. It didn't turn out exactly like we wanted, I know."
"So," Steve said, turning towards Tony. "Want to head to the arena and spar? Show off what that new suit can do?"
There is a high noise in Tony's ear that's nearly drowning out everything else and he takes a few unsteady steps forward. "Kid-"
Steve stared at him for a few more seconds, trying to work out what had just happened; things fell out of the Time Fog all the time, but usually Professor Pym could predict their arrival or Director Fury would send a team to recover and, if necessary, restrain.
TV-Tony paused to listen to the first half of some reporter's snide 'some didn't' before barreling on. If those some wanted their opinion heard they could set up their own damn press conference.
Tony sends them to background chatter. "FRIDAY, you got that last bit for me?" At her confirmation he grins savagely. "Open up the line to the council again." Before the representative can even speak, Tony lets FRIDAY play out the conversation between Spider-Man and Iron Man. When it ends he hears nothing but quiet. "That enough threat analysis for you, sir?"
He leads them to a section of barracks, the walls a slick gleaming white in contrast to the concrete of earlier, and points to two near the end. "Those are yours. General passcode is 1-6-1-0. We'll get you new ones tomorrow. Now, since someone had me keep a portal open for his weepy goodbyes, I am beat. See you in the morning, boys." In direct contradiction to his apparent exhaustion, he summons up another portal and steps through it, disappearing.
"He deserves to not be afraid anymore," Tony says, and the words taste like rusty pennies at the back of his throat.
"Parole," Tony confirms. "Lang's a convicted felon, but it was for Robin Hooding the shit out of Vistacorp, greedy bastards. Yeah, that's gonna be a problem. I'll call my lawyers in the morning, see what they can do. I can't wait to tell Hope. Maybe she'll stop trying to kill me with her death glare when she thinks I'm not looking. She doesn't realize it's only effective if you look 'em in the eye..."
"So, anyone else want to explain why we've been confined to our rooms for the past two days?" Scott whines for about the fifth time. They are all camped out in the communal area, trying to pass the time together after a Dora announced two days ago that their already limited access to the palace had been restricted even further.
"Brussels," Sarkissian scoffs. "Was a nothing. Another shot in a war I've fought for years. A...what is that phrase? An 'I-told-you-so' to my associates."
"And so, yeah," Tony says to Peter, since he can't take the way T'Challa is staring so evenly at him. He doesn't think the guy has blinked once. "Terrigen factory. In Canada. Canadian HYDRA is apparently the deadliest HYDRA. You think they apologize when they bomb people?"
Rhodey had relaxed after that but Tony is sure to this day that if he searches long enough, he'll find his old sternum wrapped up in a room somewhere. A reminder.)
"Risky move," Fury says. "Liable to cut Stark off at the knees right there and create panic. Exactly what we don't need."
"Good answer," Natasha told him. "Now that you're here, Rogers, we need to start talking strategy. Gamora says Ronan won't stay complacent for long."
"We change the memory," Tony answers. "We find the first time you heard the words and they worked, the first time the pattern was established, and we alter it. Breaking the cycle."
"Madame Hydra fights with a whip," she tells him unnecessarily. He just blinks at her. "Your legwork is shit and it makes you an easy target for distanced attacks. That's why she got away last time. Look, Rogers," oh, and she's definitely Rachel right now if she's using his last name. "Fury told me to be on my best behavior, work with you, and I'd get my girl. But you're not giving me a lot to work with. I want that bitch dead and you're going to help me do it. Ergo, you and I are working on your legwork today. Pull on your big boy super tights and let's roll."
Tony’s eyes widened, his eyes flicking wildly – hopefully? - over Steve’s face before he caught himself. His gaze went cold again, only a tiny flicker of light to even show he was alive. “Me too, Steve,” he finally managed, and then he stepped out from under Steve’s hand, and through the Fog.
"Well." And Ty's voice turns slick and sharp and cold, the same way it used to when Tony was twenty-seven and got home a little too late for Ty's jealousy-fueled paranoia.
It hits perfectly, bisecting the bomb neatly in two without engaging the trigger mechanism. Madame Hydra watches it fall apart in open-mouthed shock and Steve memorizes that expression, holds it close. "I was part of SHIELD for two years and I lived with Tony Stark. I know my bombs, ma'am."
Tony stands over the desk, looking down at the re-made phone, obscuring the drawing of the superhero shield protecting the world but for the corner where Iron Man, Captain America, and the Winter Soldier are linked in a curved line. "Make a move, Stark," he murmurs to himself. "Pick a play."
"Suit's still mine, Fry, and I've got the patent to prove it," Tony snaps, halfway ready to stop the machinery and put the Mark II back on before he stops and thinks. "Fine. I guess I'll just...wait in the lobby. Ugh."
He's walking through one of Donnie's more horrific memories involving a modified dentist's chair when FRIDAY relays the message.
"I built me a coffin," Tony whispered. "Big, metal. Can take a bullet, though not much more; all it had to take was yours. I'd crawl in it in a second if it'd bring you back."
"Well, this definitely makes things easier to look at," the scientist says. "Thanks, FRIDAY. Anything I can help with, Tony?"
“Oh, stop with the sad eyes,” Tony is telling him as Steve stares down at him from where he has slumped over Tony, boxing him in on the lab table Steve had laid him out on when he had to exchange the arc reactors. “You saved me. All better now.” He taps the new arc for good measure, and hands the old one - the one that he sacrificed to jumpstart the machine that would fry all the mechanical beasts that attacked New York City today - off to DUM-E to be incinerated.
"And then, it began to eat her alive, consume her." The madness in her eyes grows brighter and brighter until it seems to collapse in on itself. "They stole her away from me. Locked her somewhere I cannot find her. And then they had the gall to demand more."
Kamala takes a deep breath and begins walking around the room, picking stuff and putting stuff down. Tony's not too concerned; Butterfingers has located the fire extinguisher and is stalking her from a reasonable distance. "My parents' funeral," she begins, and his stomach plummets. "Aamir's been putting it off for as long as he can, but they need to be at rest. It's already been too long, the mosque has called and my aunts and uncles-"
They are in the same room this time, less playing at bravery than the absence of cowardice, facing each other over a table, and Tony's mouth is still open from gearing up to his spiel again when Barnes leans forward and asks that.
"I'm trying, believe me," Tony says quietly, watching the still remaining Terrigenesis cloud drift up into the sunlight. Half the city has been evacuated for fear of contamination. "Ellis has already approved our cooperation with ATCU and Coulson will let us into SHIELD if he's smart. Which he's supposed to be, but I don't know, death does weird things to people."
"No," Steve protested, almost on auto-pilot. Stark's words were bouncing around in his head. "You didn't know what was going to happen. You didn't pull the trigger. You're not the one who killed him."
"That was Ross' doing?" Bruce's hand is abruptly very hard, biting into Tony's skin. "Tony, I told you-"
"Sorry, Tony," the other scientist laughs. "No easy way out for this one. Just take it slow, okay? And for God's sake, Tony, let him go to the show. If you can't keep him safe, no one can. Even if you can't, this is his choice."
Four years ago Tony would have bugged his computer and broken into their systems. But that was before the Accords and before he had a team. Now Tony merely nods, buttons his jacket, and stands. "Thanks for the clarification, Deputy Director."
"Shh, Small Khan," he stage whispers to her. "Don't ruin it for the others." She giggles and Tony turns the rest of the group. "Big Khan, you'll be escorting your sister in the Jag. Hope will be with you."
"I - sure, Mr. Stark," he replies easily enough, even as his face is still confused and he slips back into distanced formality. "I, I mean I talk a lot to them."
Bruce pats him on the shoulder and beckons to Vision, who runs his smooth hand once through Tony's hair before passing through the door after Bruce, leaving Tony alone. He staggers back to his work station, peering at the notes he was assembling on the Terrigenesis formula.
Tony rolls until he is facing up towards War Machine's impassive face, matching his speed from above him. "Baby, you thought I only took you out for a test drive? No, sweetie pie, we are going all the way today."
"Jesus," he whispers to himself. "Blizzard, kid, you okay?" Donald makes a choked off noise from the corner and Tony looks over, biting back a curse when he sees ice spreading across the walls. "I wasn't lying, she's going to be fine."
"So you can read it," Tony says blandly, watching Peter pace as the young man flips through the Accords. "If you don't sign, you can't work as Spider-Man. I need you to be able to sign."
. The only living recipient of Zola's bastardized serum, the only serum Dad would have been able to get his hands on -
"I bet they're real proud of you, kid," he tells him during a lull in his non-stop diatribe against cafeteria food.
"I don't understand," Wanda says. "We ran away from the Accords so we wouldn't have to answer to someone. And now you want to follow SHIELD again? Were these people not secretly HYDRA?"
"I'm going home," Tony says in Wanda's direction. Her head snaps towards him. "Right after this. I'm leaving it in Barnes' hands." He makes to walk down the hallway that T'Challa has just come from when at the last minute he turns. "There's a place for you there, too. Still."
He doesn’t love Tony, but here, underneath his hands, breathing and alive, is where Tony belongs. He’ll do anything to keep it that way, even something as terrifying as falling in love all over again. Tony promises again, and Steve believes him, dragging Tony back up again to lay kisses against the words spilling out of that mouth.
“No, he did, he’s just. I mean, he’s still strong, and fast, and-“ The other Steve was fully smiling now as Tony blundered all over the English language. “And he could still probably kick your ass, beefcake!”
Tony comes to stand beside Peter and his eyes go very wide at what has caught Peter's attention. On the twenty four hours newsfeed a shaky camera held out of a helicopter is showing a huge crater in what looks like Brussels. From the epicenter of the blast a sickeningly familiar mist is beginning to roll out to blanket the city.
When Spider-Man is back on the roof, Tony tags out, sending him after Green while he grabs up three passengers and takes them down below. He takes Luke with him and leaves him on the roof to help the others as Tony skims along the building, picking up survivors waving their lab coats out of the busted windows to be noticed. Jessica is aiding the firefighters on the lower levels, carrying the heavier water hoses and maintaining a hover between twenty to thirty feet.
"Good ole US of A," he murmurs derisively. "Always down for unadulterated ass-kicking." He feels more than sees Natasha's smirk, but as the silence drags on it fades away.
"No, I'd imagine not. I'm not a brain dead puppet playing on your strings," Madame Hydra says like she's chatting about the weather and not a man her organization tortured for seventy years. "How is the Asset? We miss our little soldier so. Won't you send him marching home, Captain?"
"Don't." Not his kill, not his lie, not his fault. "This - isn't about that. I came here to tell you what's going to happen - because it is going to happen."
But he knows, logically, that Tony most likely granted permission for this olive branch as a way to make Steve settle and not cause any problems. To keep his head down. It chafes at him, the way his old body did, the one he never learned to live in. It feels a sandbox for him to play in while the big kids play real ball.
Stark looked at him, gaze wondrous. "That's you all over, Sheriff. I bet your Tony doesn't deserve you either. You'd best be careful around him."
back like its a revelation every time and never say a word back, the ones that take almost as much a beating from your grief as you do, they're invaluable. The real deal. Tony should know; his is upstairs.
what we're going with? C'mon, Banner, there's a video of my parents' murder on national TV, that doesn't earn me at least one sympathy point?"
"I know that you were just trying to help," he said softly, not missing the quirk of Tony's eyebrow at that. "But it didn't feel like that to me. Everything you showed me just made me realize how out of place I really was."
"Oh, an appreciation," Tony echoes, smiling wide if a bit false and crossing his hands behind his neck. "Well, I'm always open to
Tony can stop right now, let this lie; Bruce doesn't think he's a monster for attacking Barnes and that should be enough. Let this be the end of the story. But Tony is a little drunk right now. "He knew. Before the fighting ever started."
and he loved them and now his last moment with his parents, vibrant and alive, had been ripped away and replaced with a cold bunker in Siberia, Captain America at his shoulder. He'd lost them all over again.
"He...wanted to get ahead of it, I guess," Bucky continues, his voice softer now. "I'd almost be flattered if I didn't think he was doing this for everybody but me."
." She grabbed a fistful of StarkTurf in her hand and with one green burst of light, incinerated it. "I hate it."
"Thanks for the tip," Tony remarks dryly, blowing on the steaming water. The six of them get themselves situated and Tony places his phone on the table, bringing up the slides he had made in advanced and flicking his finger so they slide across the table to where Clint sits, ready for him to manipulate. Clint raises his eyes to Tony's, a question in them and Tony nods.
"I'm not a Sheriff," Steve snapped. "I'm a Captain. Captain Steve Rogers." He felt a little guilty using such a sharp tone with a lost and confused Tony, but the other man didn't even blink. If anything, his delight only grew.
He can't hear anything from Sam, not even a hitch in his breath or a grunt as he flies from walkway to walkway. He hasn't heard anything from Sam the whole mission that wasn't a 'yes' or 'no.' It's so quiet that for a moment he can't even focus on the data in front of him, watching letters and numbers scroll by. "Report," he demands after a moment.
It's not good, that day. Donnie jumps all the way back to when the words were first embedded him, which is usually a good thing because the words weren't so ingrained then and he can relearn from this memory what it was like to hear the sequence and not feel anything. But midway through, Donnie triggers, going stock still and demanding orders, over and over until Tony can talk him back through the intercom.
win." Sarkissian's whole face is lit up in mad fervor. "The new world - our world - is coming. And we are building it a welcome so grand, Captain, that it will be heard across the galaxy."
"No - Tony," Natasha sighs again. "You do realize you've got the rest of us right here? You don't have to take on the entire world; in fact, it'd be better if you didn't. You're not built to work alone."
We agreed that SI and Avengers wouldn't mix, Tony. Promise me this won't affect the company when whatever you're cooking up inevitably goes south.
Far enough away to be shielded from the group's cheeriness but not so far that they wouldn't know it when she started talking about them, Amora sat with Baron Zemo and scoffed at the display. "Look at these fools. Laughing. Joking.
"Of course," Vision says, while the rest of them either chorus yesses or suggest improvements. In the end, with collaboration from Agent Coulson, Tony agrees to head inside with the other two while Quake works at containment and Agent May fights on the ground with someone called Mockingbird. With Canada's final okay, the quinjet opens up and the Avengers wage war.
Bad days happen, kid. It's part of the job. I know its sound hokey, but you pick up and you keep going.
The shield crunches through the fiberglass of the arc reactor as Steve twists it hard. Tony hands are above his face, still bracing for a blow, and Steve keeps catching glimpses of wide, terrified, furious brown eyes through the fingers of the gauntlet.
, not for sure. It’s just a suspicion. And if he tells Tony, he could lose him, and Tony could take Bucky with him.
War Machine is picking people out of windows and Tony has lost track of both Peter and Mr. Green as he rises through the air.
"Why?" Wanda asks. "Because the safest hands are our own? Shall I remind you what these hands have done?" And she thrusts her palms towards him, red sparks dancing along her fingertips. "Scott's right. If we are to be under someone else's control we might as well return home and work for Stark. At least they are our friends."
2. This was written before the casting of Brie Larson as Carol Danvers. IMO, Ms. Larson, though a wonderful actress, is far too young to play Carol. I intend to keep her canon pairing of Carol/Rhodey, so just envision her as the Charlize Theron/Katheryn Winnick I saw, if you would.
he thinks. "Calm down," just to break up the silence. Steve isn't lost. He has a purpose, a reason, a goal. Steve is fine. He has Sam here and Bucky and Wanda waiting for him. Tony will get the Accords and maybe he'll finally call. Maybe Steve can tell him personally what he's doing here. Tony can't not act either, they're the same like that, always fighting, always pushing.
"Like Hill didn't give you a twenty page report," Tony laughs, sitting down in the furthest chair from where the director sits. He doesn't think Fury will hurt him but he'd like to have a lot of space just in case. "And don't think for a second I didn't catch that or that I'm not going to tell T'Challa there's a SHIELD spy in his government."
He hands it over and Tony sets it aside, placing his hands on his workbench and breathing deep. "I can't let you do that again, Don. I know that you wouldn't mean to hurt anyone but HYDRA programming is - it's not exactly people-friendly. And if you get triggered, you don't have any control. I'm gonna have to lock you out of the program." Donnie looks hurt by this, but not nearly as much as he does when Tony says on a sigh, "Should've been the first thing I thought of."
Wanda meets Steve's eyes over Scott's shoulder. "I need to make my own choices," she says, to all of them.
Their missions will be screened beforehand by the council that's slowly being set up but the Accords allow for the immediate guarantee that any country who signs has accepted any structural damage that might be caused in their operations, and the UN will help negotiate with every country that hasn't.
“Steven!” Sarah cried, and gripped him even tighter, much to her son’s dismay. She could feel it now, the steady heartbeat, the skin no longer burning up from within. “Don’t you ever do that to me again!” she couldn’t help but scold, pushing Steve back so she could get a good look at his face. His cheeks were still a little pink, and his fever was more banked than broken, but there was a glow to him she had never seen before.
"Oh, he's gone to find Rhodey. They're going to blast apart some aliens and bitch. He'll find me later. In fact, between them and Steve, I think the rest of us can take a break from patrolling tonight. So," Jan turned to the group left behind. "Drinks on me at Club Galaxy!"
"So what number was that on the list?" Sam asks. At Steve's quirk of an eyebrow, he grins. "The Captain America 'Go Team Go' Speeches. Patented 1944-" Steve groans, provoking a laugh from the other man. "Seriously, though. You know I'm always with you. Someone's got to watch out for you." Sam stands, clapping him on the shoulder as he moves to leave.
"I wish I could come with you," she says, even though it's her choice to stay here. It's a choice Steve respects, especially after Wanda explained how she'd been under the control of one shadowy organization after another, 'of my own volition,' she'd said with a snarl, and that she would like to understand what a semi-normal life was like. He'll worry about her endlessly, stuck here alone. He even broached the option of going back to the States and working with the Avengers, but Wanda shook her head; it's her choice, in the end. She deserves her choice. They all do.
"Oh, is that so? And how long will this deferrence last?" Tony laughs, because its ridiculous to think that Natasha won't do whatever she wants no matter how stupid Tony and/or Steve are being. He's witnessed it firsthand. But even he can recognize when its time to let the past lie, and when to accept the open hand given to him. "Like the old man said. It's the only way."
"So if War Machine and Vision approve, I'm good?" She clarifies needlessly, sliding into a seat. They'll approve. They need her.
Bruce nods again, a bit more sure this time, but something in him is hesitant, enough for Tony to quirk an eyebrow. "There's something else, though. Something that might make you feel better." Slowly, Bruce reaches forward, turning page over page in the file, until he gets to one on which Howard's old notes have been transcribed. Bruce taps at the page. Howard had written in vague detail about the VitaRay there, not enough so that anyone could ever reconstruct it, but its general purpose and effect on a serum-enhanced being. "You see this bit, in blue ink? There's more, a lot more, and I asked FRIDAY to do some analysis. This ink wasn't developed by Bic
"I miss the red and gold. I remember watching you fly up into the portal on TV. It was the coolest thing I'd ever seen." Kamala taps on the glass then spins on her heel towards Tony before something catches her eye. "Is that Captain America's shield? Why do you have it?"
Tony shivered at the touch, not even bothered at the smug smirk he could practically feel aimed at the back of his neck. But his outstretched fingers rested just on the edge of the rejection letter from MIT, making it impossible to forget. "You don't deserve it," he whispered.
Or maybe he could have told Sam about the five whole seconds after he'd looked Tony in the eye and told him he knew Bucky had killed Howard and Maria. The five whole seconds where Steve had watched Tony fall apart and Steve had done nothing. Five seconds and Steve's a super soldier. He can save the world in five seconds, but he couldn't save Tony or Bucky.
"Worldwide police force. Gonna act the part, gotta pay the dues, I guess. Germany's going to take some convincing," Tony mutters. "Still. Yeah. Good job, T'Challa."
Stark was watching him carefully, sitting straighter in his stool then he had all evening, his eyes sad and knowing. Finally, he spoke. "If I had destroyed myself but kept you safe doing it, I would have died a man proud," Stark said quietly. "I had the power to help you, and I didn't. If I had acted, been smarter or faster, if I had
“No?” Tony breathed, and then he shook himself, scrambling to his feet. Right. Science. This was what he was supposed to be good at. “I mean, no! I don’t think so. Otherwise you’d be my Steve too, and he’s full grown and let me tell you buddy, you are like two of him.”
That was another thing – his Tony didn’t leak danger, his Tony didn’t seem to cut through everything just by existing. His Tony wasn’t like this. Something was very wrong.
"Eh." Tony scratches at the back of his head, abashed. FRIDAY has not been pleased to be taken offline and rebooted three days in a row. Tony had taken a very cold shower and drank some disgustingly tepid coffee today. "She's a bit mad at me for said tinkering so, yeah. Tandem hacking, today. I'm letting Vision handle it instead. It'll be good practice for them both."
T'Challa visits bearing a mission to China and meets Bruce Banner for the first time. The part of Tony that still considers Bruce a dear friend - which is
Kamala waves a hand at him and Tony winces when her arm stretches out a little too long at the gesture. "Oh, he's fine. I can't believe you call him Dummy, that's so mean."
And Tony cannot change the fact that if there is a price to be paid, Barnes has paid it when he shouldn't have had to at all.
He didn't know. He thought he did, going in, he thought all the same things that Tandy had just told him. Fury always knows something, and he brought Steve and Sam here for a purpose. Better to have them under his wing and in his debt that out in Wakanda waiting to cause trouble, right? But it's harder, so much harder than before, even with a purpose in front of him, to fight against - anything. Everything.
If only Steve had been able to give it. He looked down at his hands, then his wrist, at the strong black lines that had been there for over seven years now. Strong and true, that's what his mother said, that's why Steve tried to be, but his outsides never seemed to match. "Arnie's real patient, Buck. Ten years old and he's not worried at all. I think that's real brave."
But he scowls good-naturedly as he brings down the faceplate. "Just for that, I'm gunning for you, Gumby."
Steven considered him, then relaxed as well. Anthony was as persuasive as he was reckless, and he and Clinton had become great friends. He could not fault Barton too greatly for this.
The HUD comes back online to see Peter enter the fray again. He gives chase after the two as they tangle through the air, catching Spider-Man when he's thrown off and depositing him on the roof. "Evac, Spidey, now!"
He makes it to the door before Steve can speak around the lump in his throat. "Sam." Sam pauses, but doesn't turn, one hand on the door frame. His shoulders are tense. "You know I always have your back, too, right?"
“Same reason we always do?” Tony said, shrugging. When Jan released a long suffering sigh he conceded. “Rogers and I had a disagreement over tactics, that’s all.”
"You should," Lukin agrees, smiling down at her over his shoulder before turning back to the group. "The Avengers are needed now more than ever, and while the Avengers are based on United States' soil we need to work together. We've spoken on this before, Mr. Stark, but I'd like to offer Agent Sharon Carter as an official liaison between the Avengers Initiative and the President's Office."
Now the reporter retakes control of her camera and reports on what they know so far as Tony steps back to where Natasha and Vision wait in the distance. The bomb was above ground and very small, not dropped from the air as the Newark bomb was but left in the park. Steve can read between the lines of what she isn't saying: the bomb didn't create a huge cloud of Terrigen mist but it did cause a lot of property damage which means Tony was right. It was mostly meant to scare people. To let them know HYDRA is still here and still has power. The reporter announces that Belgian police will be setting up a tip hotline for any suspicious activity in and around the city.
"Fury here wants a sit-rep," Tony says to the group, all fake cheer. "Well, post sit-rep. Apparently he was off in Timbuktu during the civil war."
enough. Our enemies are only going to get stronger. When the Chitauri got here, that first day, don't you remember? Their weapons punched straight through the first layer of my armor-"
Rhodey's hand is a solid weight on his shoulder, more solid than the wall Tony is leaning against or the ground beneath his feet. He doesn't know how long he's been standing here, or even how he got to this hallway. He should be checking on Kamala, calling her brother, making sure Donnie's settled downstairs, make sure no one goes looking for Bruce, he should be moving now. He'll just - he's going to get up, right now, and move, just - half a second and -
The king has been quiet. "You okay?" Tony dares to ask. T'Challa closes his eyes, a line forming between his eyes.
"Okay, look, that didn't come out right. I need you to ask Scott Lang to get himself arrested so we can extradite him and bring him home to his family. You met Hope? That's his girlfriend. She came here for him."
"He was the first one I showed. He refused to stop. And despite all I've just said, I was inclined to agree with him. BARF might not be permanent, but if its a choice between it and being locked up for the rest of his life because he might not be able to control himself..." Bruce's voice is filled with knowing and suddenly Natasha is there, a comforting hand on his arm. They stand there together in a quiet semi-circle for a moment, staring at the screen. "You're right, Tony. We'll keep working on it. I just wanted to let you know."
We both know that's not how this works. if you wanted to do this on your terms you should have thought of that before.
It was inevitable that his roommate would figure out his secret at some point in the four years they'd lived together, no matter how diligent Tony was with his clothing. Ty liked to needle Tony about it every chance he got. Tony didn't mind so much most days; after eight years of his parents' barely being able to touch him or his wrists, Tiberius' blunt-faced jabs felt a bit like a hug.
Peggy and Bucky, young and whole, the Howling Commandos at his back and a war to fight for the side of justice, Howard and Colonel Phillips. He can't let go of all that. That's who he is, and if he lets go, if he accepts that he's lost all of that, then who is he supposed to be? It isn't
"I'm on reserve status," Peter says, an edge of pained confusion in his voice as he turns to Tony. "We've already talked about this, remember? You said it was fine, you weren't going to stop me."
"I'm - not him. I know I'm not. But you're not exactly you, so I figure it's okay, a little bit, if I didn't come out alright on my way through. I need to figure out who I am, now. But I'll always be your friend. Til the end of the line. I remember that."
"Yeah. Well, sort of. If some of what he said is true and I catch you saying it to him again we'll be having much unkinder words. But this lone wolf stuff he pulls, it drives me crazy. It's not necessary. He's had me and Janet and Pep for years now and we'll always be there for him. Now, he has you and the rest of the Avengers, too. He needs to see that. And he, man, he idolized you as a kid, but he
"STOP CALLING ME KID!" Blizzard screams, and his arms ice up to his elbows in a sparkling flash of blue. Everyone in the room tenses and watches Donnie stare in mute horror at his small loss of control. Tony did this to him, pushed him to this point. Donnie drops his hands to his side and snarls at the floor, unable to meet anyone's eyes. He is ashamed of himself, Christ, Tony never wanted this for him. "If you need me, I'll be in my cage."
"Don't send me back to them," Donnie begs him one day as Tony brushes the kid's sweaty hair back from where the neural band messed it up.
It hadn't been good enough for Tony back then. It still isn't. Losing isn't in his playbook, not as long as he can still think. But maybe, maybe they can both be right. Meet in the middle of the mountain after all.
“We can’t be like this anymore,” he breathes into Steve’s shoulder. “We’re gonna get each other killed.”
. Maybe Howard had loved Steve, truly, but by his own account he had loved Tony, too, in his own way: as his
"He dreams, sometimes. Loud, so loud." Here Wanda winces, retracting her hand as she glances sidelong at Steve. "I - I try to help. It's dark in his head, I just shine a little light-"
Peter nods so hard Tony fears for his neck. "You got it, Tony. You won't regret this, I swear, I'll kick ass. Metaphorical ass, of course, since I'll be
“There are worse things,” she snapped back, and her eyes flickered once, twice, to Joseph’s right wrist.
. That's the only way Howard could love people, to make them and everything they did a part of himself.
"Oh, please let me be in the room for that conversation," Natasha laughs quietly. Her shoulders are settling back and loose, her posture going lax; she's getting her game face on. Tony hasn't seen her like this since before the war. "I'll head out tomorrow morning. Thanks, Stark."
"Aw, Caesar," Tony simpers, just to see Tiberius jolt at his old childhood nick-name. "You say the nicest things to me." He and Rhodey stand and head for the door.
"The game plan is the same as its ever been. Fighting the fight that others can't," Steve corrects firmly, crossing his arms over his chest. "It's like you said. I couldn't just sit back in Wakanda. If you have the means to help and you don't, you bear your own responsibility for the fall out."
Steven surged forward, only remembering at the last second the company they were in, but Merlin merely scoffed. “If you think anyone is paying mind to you two with Lancelot and the queen acting with all the subtlety of a painted whore, you are mistaken.”
“Why?” was all he could manage, and for a moment, he thought he saw a light flicker in those dark eyes.
It's manipulation that would make Captain America proud and it seems to work. Spider-Man relaxes, doing that weird shaky laugh of his that he tends to do in awkward situations. "Yeah, I mean, of course I can. No biggie. I'm sorry for snapping."
He can't look at his best friend, cold and silent and still. He leans back against the frozen glass and closes his eyes, thinks of Bucky as the lean, bright-eyed sergeant he'd been in 1944, hanging out of treetops with his rifle and a cigarette, trying to teach everyone German so the Nazis would know when they were being insulted. "God, I miss you," he breathes out. "I wish you were here. I wish we were there." It's not fair to the real Bucky, sleeping just two feet away, but life hasn't been very fair to either of them, has it? Steve will take what he can and get by how he has to.
T'Challa was right to look at him the way he had. Tony wonders if the man had recognized the monster that had nearly killed Barnes and Rogers all those months ago.
"Won't I always know, though?" Bucky answers the unspoken question. "I can't cut it out of me, Steve. All I can do is...choose what to do with it from here on out. 'S more than I had before."
"I do not like your kind, Dr. Stark," she says baldly. "My father was not wrong about you. I do not like the burden you have placed on us. In correcting his own mistake by housing this Barnes, my brother has endangered us all."
Tony doesn't reply and Fury walks out. Tony strolls over to the kitchen, hearing the subtle clink of Rhodey's legs behind him. "Tones, man, you okay?" Tony holds up a finger, opens the lid to trash can, and empties the contents of his stomach.
Bucky grabbed his forearm and reeled him in. "Aw, Stevie. I didn't mean to upset you. Ms. Randall's just been warblin' on about the classics lately and its doing my head in. Just you wait 'til you have her next year. There was this band of brothers, the Sacred Band of Thebes? You'll get a good kick out of them."
"You look terrible," Peter tells him. He looks comical in regular street clothes with the mask pulled over his head, but Tony doesn't comment. It'd be a bit hypocritical when he was the one threatening the others if they mentioned Spider-Man's other identity.
Hope snorts. "I said it had merit, I didn't say it was perfect. Just - food for thought, Stark? You and your Avengers have raised a generation of superheroes, and metas are popping out of the woodwork. Whether you want it or not, expansion is inevitable."
"Captain," Sam prompts. "Orders?" He has stepped farther away than any of them, holding himself back or holding himself close or both, Steve doesn't know anymore.
Pepper casts a doubtful glance between him and Peter and opens her mouth to protest once more before thinking better of it. She squeezes Tony's hand one last time and dusts off her pants before heading down to the car and Tony gulps twice before facing the kid.
"Or because there's really nothing to forgive," Maria says on a laugh. Outside, Howard puts out his cigar and shakes Obie's hand then comes around to slide in the driver's seat, reaching for his mother's hand.
He brushed against the Time Fog, thinking, for just a moment, what it would be like to just walk into it. The thought of time traveling again, though, was just a bit too terrifying.
them - the Avengers, the UN, the world. If they cut off one head, two more shall rise in its place, and they have no clue as to where or when it'll happen.
"I was just wondering," he says nervously, running the circle of metal through his fingers over and over. "It's been a coupla days and I was doing really well, so I thought we could try again. I could ask Dr. Banner, but Kamala's having a rough time with her powers and he doesn't - he won't understand. Like you."
"And little more civility towards your boss, for one," he replies, then gives in to a dramatic pause. "But then again, that's not really me, is it, Agent Hill?"
"I do like the smell of your apple pie," Vision adds, and Laura and Hope's sniggers drown out Clint's grumbled curses.
"HYDRA's not laying a single finger on you," Tony promises him. Donnie shakes his head, hands going around Tony's shoulders.
So, by the way, we are completing ignoring AoS canon, because they went full comic books with the Accords and that freaking irritated me.
"Happy endings all around." Tony toasts with the glass he has yet to fill. The weight is a comfort nonetheless.
He woke up this morning feeling a bit as if someone had suddenly thrown him a life preserver he didn't even realize he'd needed. He doesn't know if it's resolving what happened with his father, or his new determination to help Harry giving him purpose, or if it's - if it's Steve Rogers on his side again, no matter how peripherally. But he woke up needing to build, not just something he could leave behind, but something he could be a part of. He woke up suddenly and violently sick of the past, wanting a future.
T'Challa inclines his head, a flicker of something dark in his eyes when he finally breaks eye contact. T'Challa's not much for deference of any kind, so the whole gesture makes the hair on Tony's arms raise a little.
"I'm fine!" Tony nearly shouts, then turns away from him, grabbing his rolling stool and placing it close to Rhodey just as Bruce walks into the lab as well, rubbing at his eyes.
“You-“ Steve’s hands were shaking. He couldn’t stop talking once he started. “Of course it’s you. Its all about Tony Stark, right, damn how anyone else feels! You know, you may not like me - other me - but you're no peach either!"
Tony doesn't know what he wants from Barnes, and it scares him. He wishes he wanted this for the right reasons, but Tony has never been a righteous man. He'll do this because it's the only thing that can be done. And if Barnes can help him in return, then maybe he can shut up the part of his brain that rages at this play-acting of the Good Samaritan. Tony is not good.
It isn’t what he’s expecting, and dammit it should have been; trust Tony Stark to ask the one question that made him feel even more foolish. “Biologically?” he bit out. Tony nodded. “Twenty two.”
Tony shrugged. “I’m not saying it’s undeserved, alright, waking up seventy years in the future can’t be fun. But you’re gonna what? Brood and mope on your own and not let anyone help. That sound like a solid plan to you, Cap?”
"They, um, did you see they've already changed my dad's Wikipedia page? There's a whole new section on his death now, it gets edited like eighty times a minute. And that's, that's weird, to be angry about? But there's a link now, to the Winter Soldier's page and fuck, my parents will never escape him now."
He doesn’t love him, but he could, God, he could. He could break him to smithereens, or he could love him, or he could do both and destroy everything, but Tony Stark is not afraid, or at least that’s what he tells the mirror every morning.
Natasha snarls, warning. If the UN finds out about that stupid phone Tony would be in a world of trouble. Clint seems to figure this out for he is silent the rest of the trip, taking turns at glaring at each of them.
"That's what I like to hear," Clint says, clapping his hands and looking immensely relieved. He puts his hands to the table, over the projections, and splits it in two. "I've already got an assignment for you both. You have your phones on you?" They nod and take them out and Clint flicks the slides first to Kamala, then to Peter. Tony hears the 'ding!' of incoming messages. "The first recording is a compilation of Captain America's helmet camera and Iron Man's recorded footage from a battle against HYDRA in 2015. The second is War Machine, Vision, and Iron Man's data from the battle in Canada. Watch them and note the differences in Cap and Iron Man's leadership styles. I want notes on the pros and cons of both, handed into me this time next week. The footage comes with a separate audio file for comm chatter - and I do mean
"I hope we reach an understanding, Mr. Stark," the general says carefully. His words seem sharp and over-enunciated and blurred, all at the same time. "We both want what's best for the future. There are so few ways to achieve that; you perhaps know that better than anyone. I can only pray we walk the same one." Tony merely nods, feeling vaguely like he's been stuffed with cotton, and Lukin smiles. "Your rogue Avengers - you truly have no clue where they are?"
"Don't be. All I want is for you to help me get even. And you know-" She turns to him, taps him on the cheek with her still bloody fingertips. "Maybe to smile, at least once. I bet you have a nice smile. Guys like you always do."
Because that's what Bruce's dad was, as well, in his mind. It takes effort not to touch him in comfort. "It doesn't have to mean that."
Tony takes in a deep breath, hears when his decreased lung capacity cuts the air short, that small choking sensation he's grown so used to after seven years. "If it wasn't the war it'd be something else. Before, it was the portal, or Pepper falling. Before that it was Afghanistan or Stane. Before them, it was the car crash. My last goodbye to my parents. Did you know -"
"I guess...I'm in, too," Spider-Man says. "My uncle always told me there's no shame in asking for help. I've...I've hurt people before, because I didn't know what I was doing. I could have hurt that girl," he says, mask rising till the eyes meet Tony's, and Tony wonders if Peter sees Gwen falling at night in his dreams like he sees Rhodey, like he still sees Pepper. "I'm in."
Steve took a deep breath, unprepared for the look in Tony's eyes and how uncomfortable it was to be on the other side of mourning. Nobody had ever missed Steve before; nobody had gotten the chance. "No. I'm a - well, I'm a different version of your Steve Rogers. I have a Tony Stark with me, too."
"Tony," he rumbles, trying so obviously to pull on a dignified mask even though Tony has just woken him. "What is wrong? Is this an Assembly?"
"Because it's all about you. It's probably 'for our own good,' too, right, that's a platitude you haven't thrown out yet. Or maybe 'the ends justify the means,' that's always a good one." Steve said tightly. His lips were pressed so tightly together they were growing white, fists clenched at his side and for the first time those in audience realized that Steve was
"He put Sam, Clint, Wanda, and some dude named Scott on the Raft. Only, problem is, the Accords have always called for a fair trial before imprisonment, and the UN wouldn't be happy that it was an
Tony grits out. T'Challa eyes him speculatively but Tony is saved from this nightmare of a conversation when Spider-Man comes bursting in talking loudly over an excited sounding FRIDAY.
As he talked, he watched the line of the stranger’s spine grow stiffer and stiffer, and, without looking up, the man rocked upright onto his knees, one hand fiddling at the other wrist. “Godammit,” Steve heard him mutter.
Madame Hydra laughs at that, silky black bob curtaining around her face as she tips forward a little. She holds up her hand to show a black device blinking in the palm of her hand. A detonator, one that's surely paired to the hulking black piece of machinery sitting in the middle of the room. "I'm sure. Rachel was always very excitable. But she's not the one I'm interested in."
T'Challa is watching him warily and his hands have inched towards the screen like he wants to reach through it. "You want Barnes' blood - to prove a theory about your father?"
Not on this one, Tony. It's your call, and you have my support, just remember the world isn't just the Avengers. You've got people here at SI, and at Stark Ventures, and at OsCorp, that are relying on your good name. Play it smart.
Tony packs her onto the quinjet before Coulson can blink. Maybe it's a mistake, but he hasn't forgotten the fear in Donald's eyes.
"Kid, do you think I want to worry about you on top of all that?" It is a brand of emotional manipulation that Tony is not comfortable with using, but he's tired and willing to take shortcuts. Donnie's face registers surprise and just the slightest bit of wistfulness before he shakes his head. "Tell you what, you give me twenty-four hours and we'll give it a go." Donnie nods, looking relieved, but Tony goes on. "And give me that band."
"I followed the guy for three years, highness. He's the best there is, when he puts his damned mind to it." Tony exhales sharply. "I know that couldn't have been easy. Thanks."
Both froze, sizing each other for a moment, before the man stood – and stood – and stood. Tony found himself gaping. “How much of you
Jan shook her head. “He’ll figure it out on his own.” At her friends’ dubious looks she pouted. “He will. Tony’s been trying really hard with Steve lately, and I know Steve’s noticed. It can’t all be for nothing. They’ll work it out.”
"I'll get him back," he tells Wanda reassuringly. She is curled into a tight ball on the peculiar floor bags Wakanda seems to like while Scott hovers worriedly at her back.
Donnie, sure enough, starts to pull himself together. Tony gestures at him. "C'mere." Together the two of them hook Kamala Khan pack up to the wires and monitors that had torn loose in her panic. Tony gestures at the beeping machine, tapping at the spiking line of Kamala's strong heartbeat. Ms. Khan's DNA may be trying to eat itself but damned if she isn't fighting every step of the way. "Look at that. That look small to you?"
“Boy, do you know what I don’t miss it?” The stranger asked, rising up with a surprising amount of grace. He was in what Steve finally noticed looked like hospital scrubs. “You.”
"I hardly think Mr. Stark's personal motivations matter-" the Russian delegate, eager to sweep even more of his country's sordid history under the rug.
It's all fancy speech and the more shrewd of the population will realize this, but Tony is essentially magic when you place him in front of camera. Most of the world will be eating out of the palm of his hand, ready to fight the good fight with him. Tony once told him that was the key to any good support: make it into a fight, and then make the fight
Her lip curls up, half pleased and half sneer. "It is beautiful. But it could be better. Your blood, Captain, could help your people achieve perfection."
"What about Vision?" Tony asks. As one, they turn to Vision, who has seated himself in the corner as he communes with FRIDAY, eyes closed. "He's
It's not perfect, and it won't ever be. The UN aren't quite thinking of the kind of response time a team like the Avengers needs in rapid-development situations and there's still a pesky 'loss of life' clause that Tony fears would be far too easy to abuse but he's working on it. Every day he's working on it. "Can we get make some kind of Avengers insurance?" he jokes to Ross one day, and surprisingly the man looks like he's thinking about it.
He sounds so proud. Steve isn't sure he deserves it. "Lately I haven't felt like there's much of anything in there, Buck," he says in a near whisper. "'Specially not Captain America."
He shuts his mouth, teeth making an audible click and he makes himself meet Fury's gaze to make up for the slip. The man is expressionless, observing, calculating.
The United States is a problem in and of itself. It doesn't want UN control but it has by far the highest number of meta- or super-humans, so it doesn't want to
Steve was either an early riser or a light sleeper, because Tony only had to knock one more time before he was opening the door. “What is-“ the soldier began, unfairly alert, before he realized who it was. “Stark? Why are you in the suit? Why are you covered in mud?”
He doesn't meet Fury's gaze, staring at his hands spread over his thighs. "I can't say that I am. I'm aiming to be someone better."
Tony's eyes dart from sample to sample, watching FRIDAY's simulations highlight the same string of compounds in each one. The problem with Terrigenesis doesn't end with its unstable super soldier serum. The end result, what the formula ends up creating, is completely randomized from reaction to reaction. What is terrifying is that this randomization seems to be the one thing HYDRA actually
Tony nods. A better reason than most. "Alright, then. We'll see about getting you re-enrolled and I'll help you hunt down a job. FRIDAY, make a search based on Aamir's resume. As for Kamala," he adds. "We'll see how it goes. If all else fails, she'll be the first ever Avenger with an official stipend. I'm sure she won't be the last."
Panic wells up in Tony's gut. They haven't even discussed this, who would be the new field commander. What kind of rookie mistake is this? The people of the world are counting on them to just
? Man and machine - You are not the suit, Tony; you're so much more than that and you don't even see it. You're too scared to be anything else."
Tony stops, turns towards his best friend, looks at the circles under his eyes. "Resilience," he answers shortly. Just say one thing, just let one thing go. "I can't get the sound out of my head. The shield hitting my suit."
The man smiles. "As I said, I am here to help. I'll be blunt." And the man's accent slips away entirely to something familiar. Boston. "I'm an agent of SHIELD, Captain Rogers, and I've been made. The Dora are probably looking for me as we speak."
Pepper's gaze softens and she raises her hands in surrender. "Okay. Alright. But I am buying a share of the interest. Three percent."
We need to work together on this. Convince him we won't fall apart. Convince him that he can trust me.
"I'd like to meet the man who could handle my issues," Tony says genially. "Where can I meet the guy?"
"That man was the devil," Tony gives in, laughs shakily. "Gave me a C minus on Dummy's initial mainframe."
"They did not. The family that took me in for that night instead gave me a little of what I wanted. We stayed up late under a canopy of blankets we had built in the living room telling old legends. Then the next morning they woke me to help them with the chores. I had never cooked before; I was terrible at it. But the mother was patient. She told me we must all help each other. Everybody lacks something. Those on the top are as different from those on bottom as those on the bottom are from the top, but they are also the same. We must meet at the middle of the mountain. My father, when I told him, disagreed. You will be king, T'Challa, he said. A great duty with a great burden, and you must learn the strength to carry it. But I remembered: the middle of the mountain. The woman and my father could both be right. I would carry this great weight, but I would remember it was not mine alone."
Steve looked at her then, eyes too blue, too knowing. “Is it hard, being soulmates?” he asked. “You and Da…”
But they’re getting better at pushing through. On those mornings, Steve will call Tony to come to him, and he always does. On those days, Tony will ask Steve to wait for him, and he always does.
"Mr. Barnes will be exonerated of the bombing charges, of course," the representative reassures him, picking through the evidence from Zemo's interrogation with distaste. "But he still has to answer for the multiple counts of assassination, Mr. Stark."
"Barnes will have a long road ahead of him regardless," Rhodey says, something a bit wary in his stance.
"Captain George Stacy," the man supplies. "We've got helicopters and firetrucks inbound but we're glad for the assistance, Iron Man."
"We'll get you all patched up. I'm already running scans. You won't believe how strong you are. Everything's going to be okay."
." Peter laughs. "You keep the mask on, Peter, but someone's still accountable. That was the deal. Your first psych eval is on Saturday. Take this." He hands Peter a card with his masked picture and 'SPIDER-MAN' written on it. "If you need us, press that little silver square. It's a communicator."
"Humanity," Fury answers promptly, then he sighs, abruptly seeming very old all at once. "This isn't a conspiracy, Rogers. You've could have been sharing information with your team any time you wanted to, but you didn't, because you didn't think to, did you? You said it yourself. Tony's team, your team. The Avengers are split apart. You don't know how to work together anymore.
Lukin shakes all their hands, dropping a kiss on Pepper's and gripping Rhodey firmly. "Colonel Rhodes. You look good. I saw the news; War Machine is flying better than ever. Airforce crows about you every chance they get."
"We're not robots, Fury," Steve said lowly, swallowing down the churning guilt in his stomach. "And we're not perfect. We make mistakes."
"Where do you want to go, Bliz?" Tony demands. "You said not to let SHIELD have you, but what do you think is going to happen the moment you step foot outside of this compound?"
Sure enough, Peter yanks his uniform back together, bad shoulder be damned, and stands up straight through the hologram, disrupting and dissipating it. "I said I'm fine,
I-" He chokes on his own words, tells himself to refocus, that Peter is the priority here. "I won't try to take that hurt away from you, but I don't want it to twist you up, okay? It wasn't your fault. Alright? Peter?"
“Wh - over what?” Steve asked, flabbergasted. He couldn’t even imagine his fun loving classmate getting angry enough to fight a war.
Tony looks back up when there is nothing but silence to meet Kamala's eyes. The fight has gone out of her and she looks crushed beneath an enormous, invisible weight.
With that parting blow, he finally let Sam drag him away, leaving Tony staring after him, stiff and cold as a statue since his father’s name passed through Steve’s lips.
Used to was before Ultron. Used to was before he first saw the Accords and realized the implicit threat hidden in them if they didn't act.
Vision emerges with a hazy Spider-Man behind him and the Avengers files into the quinjet to give their report and confer with Agent Coulson.
“If it was just routine, we could have taken care of it though,” Jan said, and Tony stiffened. Slowly, he turned his head towards Jan, lowering his sunglasses so he could see her clearly. Jan raised her hands. “I’m sure your bots were perfect, Tony, but can’t you see his point? This is our job. What we signed up for. We shouldn’t leave it in the hands of-“
He's reprogrammed that memory. He kept the vision but got rid of Wanda. Realistically, his mind still knows she was there but he sleeps better at night when his memories tell him she wasn't. He imagines its the same thing for Donnie.
"It means that you try to help and everybody else pays for it. You try to fix things and everybody else pays for it. You chased away Steve, you chased away the Avengers but
It cuts through Tony like a knife, that familiar desolation in his voice. "What do you want to do, Aamir?"
She's joking, but for just a moment he can hear the thread of strain through her voice. He reminds himself to hire Jennifer some more newbie lawyers to handle the mundane paperwork. It'll make a few of his SI employees always dying to show off their Harvard grads happy, too.
T'Challa considers the individually amended Accords that Tony has placed in front of him on his next visit. "This is good work," he murmurs over Daredevil's copy.
"Square deal. Hey, see if you can snag one of their interns for the spring semester. Stacy, Gwendolyn." That'll give Peter a nice little heart attack when they both show up for work. Tony glances over at Rhodey, sprawled and snoring over two seats and Vision sitting peacefully two rows away, then back. "Thanks for coming with us, Pep."
There is a dark shape forming at the edge of his vision, but when it steps into the light, it isn't Obadiah. Tony feels his pulse sky-rocket as Ultron floats over to him, settling down with the barest clank before him and leaning over his prone body.
"Oh, this will be the only time. As far as I'm concerned, you owed him. Captain America, too, but I'll have to wait to collect on that one. Nice job, by the way," she adds, nodding towards the muted TV which Tony only just realizing is replaying his impromptu press conference he held outside the public airport he decided to land at instead of his private one. The CC is on, and Tony watches the text roll by, barely keeping up with TV-him's rambling mouth. He had been a little emotional, what could he say.
Also (so much talking) I know may be ???? at Peter's misty water-colored memories of Norman Osborn, but remember that he only saw Osborn with his game-face (not THAT game-face) on, and doesn't have the full story. Furthermore this is based off Willem Dafoe's Norman, who was capable of geniality and kindness before he Green Goblin'd himself, and also enormous cruelty. People are funny like that, and even funnier when they're dead and you only want to remember the good parts.
T'Challa looks out, watching one Wakandan, then the next. "They should have spat in my face. I, who had everything, coming to they who had much less with my burdens."
He can't describe it, but something must bleed out into his facial expression, because Rachel's gaze turns calculating. "I'd have to listen to you, wouldn't I? Follow orders? All the time."
Before that, they stumble into a room where the experiments were conducted. There are still bodies on the table, most mutated into horrifying forms, too many legs and eyes and all of them dead. It's obvious HYDRA had begun testing younger; Natasha very quickly covers a young girl with skin a boiling red and fangs protruding from her mouth with a sheet before they move on. "Her body was still warm," she tells them in a hushed whisper. "They killed them right before we got here."
Where two weeks ago this would have gotten him an instant reply his inbox remains silent and Tony tucks the tablet away with a grimace. "Just finalizing Rhodey's date night this weekend. Fourteen chaperones, buddy. It's like prom, or at least what the movies told me prom is like."
Scott just shakes his head. "Look, I get where you're coming from. I honestly do, Cap. And I thought I would follow Captain America into anything. But not here. You're right. There are more important things. Cassie's one of them. I need to go home."
"There are combatants on the field, fighting for neither side. They are attacking the insurgents. You say you are not here?"
Stark frowned. "But I - well, I have to be, don't I? It's the only thing that rightly makes sense, Sheriff. I've had these dreams before, you know, after you went and left me. This is the only way I can reach you now." He leaned in close, so sweetly sad.
And Steve has thought, every once in awhile, that there is something intrinsically broken within him, something that he didn't want to fix, or didn't want to be better, because to change himself meant moving on, and he wasn't ready for that. He has always dismissed the thoughts as soon as they came because even if he was broken, it didn't seem to matter to anyone but him.
Kamala lets out a genuine giggle and Tony beams behind the helmet. A girl like her wasn't built to be miserable, and he wishes he could have spared her - her and Peter - what he went through, but he's happy to see she's getting better. "Alright, kids, time to head out." They all begin complaining at once and Tony holds up a hand. "We still don't know what your powers do to your metabolism and I am not carrying you around if you pass out. So go change and head to the kitchen. Yes, even you, Spidey, I can see your ribs through the suit, what are they even feeding you in Queens?"
"Okay," Steve agreed, pocketing the slim rectangle of plastic that apparently somehow held three movies. "But - how about we finish up this one? I've been told the President's speech is aces."
"Consider me the collective Plus One," Clint replies easily enough. "Besides, I hear HYDRA's making this open-invitation."
Tony grins at the consternation in his AI's voice. She's never been particularly fond of this 007 business, preferring to get down and dirty.
And maybe that makes him selfish, maybe he’s a coward, but this way nobody hurts. This way nobody’s left alone.)
Tony said you would come if called. Please note this is not a call, Captain. Thank you for informing me. I'm quite well, considering.
Tony tilted his head, confused. "But this is me," he said, gesturing at his own high-tech bean bag chair. Steve shook his head, letting it go. Tony would get it soon enough.
"Because there's only one person out there for you. He is your match. You musn't ever let that break, sweetheart."
The sound of T'Challa's claws digging into to the wall of the plane is just about the worst thing Tony's ever heard. Besides Clint's voice.
"Ma'am, I-" Peter sounds terrified; Tony doesn't blame him. Pepper's got enough ice in her voice to freeze the Hudson.
Tony shrugs, squinting at his tablet as FRIDAY pulls up everything she can find from Zemo's interrogation. Maybe the world can't handle Barnes' pain, but they all deserve the truth.
"Never visited the caves of Afghanistan, then," Tony mutters to himself. Then, louder: "Thanks for coming. The other guy should be here any minute."
While the two pseudo-villains set to trading blows, one of the subjects of their ire was approaching the rest of the group, sweaty and panting and bleeding from a gash on his cheek. Walking beside him was Nebula, her head plate a little dented but otherwise unmarked. "Cap!" Jan cried with dismay, rising from her seat beside Groot (she was trying to help him learn Text-to-Speech so they didn't have to guess what
Barnes snorts. "I don't think we need to go as far as that. Stevie'd kill me if I let something happen to you."
Tony thinks, and from the look on Peter's face he realizes it; sure enough, in the next moment he turns away and walks to the far side of the roof, no doubt collecting himself together. His phone buzzes and Tony finally looks down, blanching when he sees 'Secretary Aleksander Lukin' on the caller ID, just as Natasha's voice suddenly comes in loud over the comms.
Later he sends a letter that goes unanswered and a phone that’s twin never rings and Steve wonders if Tony might hate him less if he hadn’t dropped it. Later, Bucky puts himself into stasis and all three of them are alone. He remembers how this used to be his worst nightmare.
That Tony wasn’t trying to flay him bare and expose how he was lacking, how he was so already so far behind, but was trying to share the future, because Tony loved the future. Tony loved those movies, and those stupid references, and the tech and that by sharing his love, Tony was sharing himself.
"Look, Hill, I don't doubt your boss is keeping a few secrets from us. He was practically oozing disappointment when he last came down, honestly it felt just like being with dear old dad again, warmed my heart but
"I got to tell you, the other guy is not happy about three AM wake-up calls, what's-" The scientist finally looks up at the tableau in front of him: Rhodey, still standing with his hand outstretched towards Tony, T'Challa observing with a strained expression, and Tony in the middle of them. "Jesus, Tony, you're - sit down before you keel over."
There’s something growing here, in Natasha’s miniscule smiles and the easy line of Clint’s shoulders and Thor’s embraces, just a smidgen hesitant; in Bruce’s shy offers of dinner. There’s something in the way Tony looks at him over the glow of his holographic work stations, something in the easy way that Tony fights at his back.
Tony steps neatly in front of him. If Ross wants by he's going to have to go through Tony, and Tony would really enjoy watching Rhodey kick some ass with his new legs. "I'm afraid that's a no-go, General. We've already been approved by the UN council to hold former Agent Barton here until his trial can be arranged in Brussels." He's not entirely lying; there's an agent from the UN's headquarters over in New York City on their way to the compound with an ankle monitor right now.
"I didn't know you needed Stark to hold your hand," Gamora remarked, eyebrow raising high. It climbed impossibly higher when a faint blush stole across Steve's cheeks, but the Star-Spangled College Student merely squared his jaw and met her gaze.
Kamala turns back to the armor design Tony is working on, biting at her lip a little before she throws her hands up with a huff. "But I still say you should add some blue!"
In the end he even enlists Rhodey to help him look at the bomb while he and Bruce break down the chemical formula of the terrigen mists. "You'd think after Red Skull, the Abomination, and
Tony chooses to punctuate this tirade with a repulsor blast, and before Goblin can recover from that Peter is on him, slinging out web after web, pushing him further towards the edge. "Spider-Man," Tony calls out. "Take him down, now. We're done here."
Rachel looks askance at him, her pretty face scrunching like she's tasted something awful. "So is that the self-flagellation or martyrdom talking right now? I can never tell the difference."
Sending you an audio file and Fury's interrogation of suspect captured, known as Ophelia Sarkissian AKA Viper AKA Madame Hydra. Stay safe.
Lately he had seen more and more glimpses of the good man under Stark's arrogance and flashiness. The warmth and feeling in those eyes was genuine, he knew it. The bravery Tony fought with, the pride he took in his place amongst the Avengers - it was all real and true, and then somewhere along the way it got twisted, turning Tony aloof and cocky and careless. Steve wanted nothing more than to untwist him, to prove to him that he didn't have to be any of that. What he was underneath - whatever he was underneath - that was more than enough.
Natasha seizes the phone, face alight with an idea. "Some of us are baseline humans. Would you allow us entry?" There is silence on the line. "Please, sir, we can help."
"Maybe," he murmurs, and in the corner of his eye he spots the slightest curve of Natasha's lips. Rapidly, he changes the subject. "So, that Osborn thing? You mind lending a hand?"
"Always with the hands, Tonio," Sharon snarks, wrenching her elbow when they're inside. "What do you want? Wait, no, me first. Give me this job, Tony. My career is in shambles after helping Steve-"
“I never turn down Will Smith and aliens,” Sam said out loud, gathering up his own lunch and heading off, leaving Natasha and Brian on their own.
With an inhuman cry the Chitauri crumpled to the ground under the weight of his shield. Steve snarled, whirling on his buddy but it screeched and ran off into the bushes. The sounds of the short battle faded, and he was left in the quiet.
He began to walk away, and the group almost relaxed at what was for Steve and Tony a fairly pleasant end to one of their fights, when Tony stumbled after him, catching his hand. “Will you at least come to Movie Night tonight?”
Steve scowled, dim horror retreating behind familiar irritation and not even recognizing the bitter jealousy in Tony’s voice. “Yes. He does that.”
The others says their goodbyes to Peter and Kamala seems cheered by his company. On his way out, Tony presses his hand to Natasha's shoulder and she taps it once, nods her head knowingly.
Tony knows she idolizes them all to an extent, and he never wants to break her of her wonder of heroes the way his father broke him. But it's also important that he be honest with her. "You know the first time I took the armor out I drove it into traffic and nearly got myself killed trying to break an altitude record? If you were talking to that Tony Stark from years ago, he would tell you that sometimes you gotta run before you walk. He was...a different person. Maybe not a bad one, probably not a good one, but a dumbass who didn't know what he was really getting into. I wanted to right my wrongs, but along the way I broke almost as much as I fixed because I didn't-" He inhales sharply and Rhodey desperately looks like he wants to cut in but Tony continues. "I didn't get it. That first flight? Happiest moment of my life. I had the power to change things that I didn't before, and I thought that that meant I had a responsibility to do so. I still think that, really. I did more than enough sitting on the sidelines for the first forty years of my life and it got a lot of people killed. But I also have a responsibility towards the people I claim to protect, because they never asked for it. I'm not gonna go all noble on you and say that I'd give up that first flight to change things, because I wouldn't, but there's a lot I would give back just to have that Tony Stark know what I know now: the moment you use those powers in the name of another person, you owe that person to use them to the best of your abilities.
Fury, Steve decided, needed a stern talking to. But as he thought more over Rhodes' words, his heart sank as his earlier accusation was proven true. "He got scared. Overcompensated."
Natasha watches him carefully, something darker than usual in her evergreen eyes. "Tony. Just do it. Get the worst out of the way before Barnes' has to deal with it in person."
"Sure. Family owns Kronas Oil over in East Europe, came here as a kid, big shot front-lines army guy. You think he's legit?"
“No. Weeks,” Tony answered, and closed his eyes when the other Steve’s mouth parted in shock. “I know, I’m the worst, okay, but you are really stubborn, alright?”
There is a knock on the door and Rhodey enters with Bruce and a slight but tall young man behind him, his face already wet with tears. "Is that -" he says, voice trembling. "I am - my name -"
"Believe it or not, I did get revenge. It's a complicated story," he says. "But it didn't change anything. The terrible things that had happened didn't get rewritten. And I thought-" His voice drifts off.
He was so damn happy to see Steve. Had his Tony ever smiled at him like that? Had he ever called Steve a good man? Right about now, Steve's Tony was probably sitting in his Tower, cursing his name as he tinkered with his next terrifying creation. Widening the gap between them just that little bit more. Suddenly, all Steve wanted was for this Tony to stop talking like this, stop looking at him like this.
He had just sort of forgotten, at some point, how it felt to have hope for himself. He'd forgotten how to fight for himself. (He thinks, more likely, than he has never seen the point in doing so.)
She throws up a projection of one of Howard Stark's thousands of scribbles, something that Tony must have looked at a thousand times but eventually threw in the 'Not Helpful' pile. On it is the formula, in the middle, with about ten different paths branching out from it. One of them is cordoned off but the rest look like guesswork. '
"Speaking of - I interviewed the scientists. Well, I tried." Natasha plucks up the fork between two delicate fingers and stabs down, popping her prize - a beef tip - into her mouth. Building suspense, the little sneak. Tony very pointedly rolls his eyes. "One claimed that all he knew was that Dr. Osborn had taken one of the projects contracted out to the company for himself. No one else worked on it but him."
Rhodes' smile dropped, and he took a step forward. "Aw, don't look like that, Rogers. Some people just don't see eye to eye. Doesn't make any less of what they are to each other."
Stark stared down at his glass of water, watching the ripples that formed on the surface, a product of his shaking hand, and Steve stared at him. Tony - his Tony - never seemed to struggle with the weight of the world, not like this. In fact, he seemed to relish it. Every impossible thing Steve could think of, Tony had already built it and upgraded it - twice. Anything that could be wanted, Tony already had it. He built armored suits and robots and guns and ships in his spare time, he ran a billion dollar company, he went on press tours and to expos and screamed
Note the second: In the game, if I remember correctly, it kinda goes back and forth on if they're 'killing' the Chitauri. They're probably just supposed to be knocking them out. Peter Quill even befriends one, but oh well. The game gets kinda macabre at some points and I wanted to play into that.
The horn sounded and a ragged cheer rose up from the battlefield as the surviving giants turned their backs on it. Steven himself was quite preoccupied with wrenching his sword out of the great horned beast that had nearly taken his head off with its massive jaws.
Where is that bottle of scotch? Tony could have sworn he put it right next to his foot, but it's not there when he looks. "You saw where Barnes was found innocent of the UN bombing in Vienna? Guy called Zemo framed him, lured us, me, Barnes, Rogers, to Siberia. T'Challa found him and took him in and apparently he spilled his guts to Ross. Not surprising, the man
This actually gives Tony pause as he casts the man a disbelieving look. "Dummy regularly tries to poison me with motor oil in my coffee."
Bruce does. Uncomfortable truths are the story of his life. "But there are markers in the formula that don't show up in Barnes' blood. Differences. Like someone was tinkering with it. It appears that your hypothesis - that Howard Stark used the formula given to him, or stolen from, Arnim Zola during their time at SHIELD to create a new super soldier formula
"It's the arms. I never know what to do with them. This is why Rhodey and I stick to the one-armed bro hug." They let go, and Peter begins to slide on his mask. "Remember what I told you."
"Nobody is," Tony says, resolutely grabbing one hand and crunching the ice under his own grip, not letting the screaming agony of that much cold on his bare skin show on his face. "I would know, I'm the one who built this damn thing."
Hope narrows at Tony, half at the slight and half in thought. "I think," she says. "That you don't really know what you're suggesting here."
“We’ll do our best to help you. The Academy, I mean. We’ve got Professor Pym, and there’s you – uh, this world’s you - and the rest of the Avengers. We’ll do everything we can.”
"We need to get on top of this," Natasha says from her place beside him. She as tense as he is, the both of them completely useless here for anything but putting on a show for the press and acting as handlers for Vision, who still makes people a bit nervous. "We need to go bigger."
Tony has always known there were pitfalls to the Accords and now he is facing them head-on. There is a drug war erupting in the streets of Chad and the country's military is currently failing to make a difference.
Tony feels his heart rocket up to his throat before dropping down to his stomach. Taking Barnes away from Wakanda has never been the idea...but that's a lie, isn't it? A pretty one, so Tony can keep doing this. But really, taking Barnes back and getting him help, convincing him to go to the trial and clear his name, has always been his endgame. It almost sounds altruistic when he puts it like that and a bitter smirk pulls at his face.
"A supervillain?" Natasha guesses and Tony quirks his lips at her, thankful that she appears to be shaking off Clint's words. "Clint, if we had gone in there, ignored a sovereign's states express wishes, we would essentially have been invading them. The world already doesn't trust us, if they saw us go back on our word? Forget any chance of this ever working in the future."
She rung out the washcloth one handed, dipping it into the chipped bowl on the floor and placing it on Steve’s scorching forehead, and then settled in for the night, listening to her son’s breathing, welcoming each one.
It's new, a bare spark of idea he's been slowly building in the back of his mind all day since he woke up from that dream, feeling a little bit inspired and hopeful. News that Steve had approved and agreed with their plan of attack had not diminished those feelings at all. In fact, to Tony's surprise, he felt bolstered.
"Natasha," he says, voice strained and breaking a little. "I tried talking before. When that didn't work, I tried something a little less verbal, also hugely unsuccessful. You told me not long ago that I had to learn to ask for help, well this is me asking. Handle it. Can you do that?" She watches him, eyes flicking all over his face trying to read every twitch and clenched muscle, and then nods. "Thank you," he breathes, and heads over to where T'Challa is conversing with one of the first responders in heavily accented French.
"Let's go sit with Sam," he suggested, and Tony stood. "Where is his, by the way? He doesn't have a bean bag."
Tony calls the Trauma Olympics an ‘unprecedented draw,’ but we still meet up and talk. Slowly it spreads, to the day, to the evening, to our entire lives.
"You'll be right there with me, sweetheart," he sing-songs. "Virtual minesweeper. Sixty four by sixty four grid. We might be there for hours, Fry."
"Well. I made weapons for the war. The Civil War," Stark began after a very long pause, shoulders hunching even further. "I blew boys to bits, and I got richer and richer. I didn't really care. Better a cannon made by me then a Hammer defect that would blow up in your face. I was proud of those weapons, do you know. They were so efficient.
Big Steve’s hand went to his head, pushing back the cowl as he took a good look around. “So, alternate dimensions, huh? Well, this is a sight better than where I was in my own, but I would like to get back. My friends are in danger,” he added, face darkening for a moment before he looked at Tony. “Will you help me, Tony?”
He hears the hum of the glider and Luke Cage roars, sprinting to the edge of the roof and displacing the Green Man with one punch. Unfortunately he appears to be locked in; the whole thing flips and Luke slides off. Luke falls as the glider rights itself and the man commanding it turns his sights back on the roof. There's enough noise that Daredevil seems to be a bit disoriented, and Tony freezes for a second, knowing Daredevil won't be enough protection and Luke won't survive the fall.
Tony rolls around to his back and winces. "You've flattened me into a pancake and you still can't call me Tony?"
She nods, heading for the door, when she pauses, looking back at him, and Steve is suddenly struck by the paralyzing need to make her stay with him and a crippling fear that if she walks out the door she will be gone forever, just like everybody else.
"-think," Barnes says on a controlled exhale. Never let a stumble sit. He looks at Tony head on then, his gaze more alive then it has been this entire time. "I have more questions but I need to..." He trails off and Tony smartly doesn't interrupt this time. "...sort out what they are."
. It rips apart slowly under his hands, zigging and zagging him through the air until he breaks some essential component and it sputters to a stop, dropping like a stone and taking him with it. He cannot get untangled before he lands, hard, on the street, but there is no time for the burst of pain spreading out through his chest, because someone is screaming.
second soulmates and monsters, both of them. A cautionary tale his mother had told him not long after his father died, when he could still remember the other name Joseph Rogers bore.
"Lang sent himself to jail," Tony bites back shortly, touching the paper with just the tips of his fingers. It's a letter. Of course it is. "After being told that his actions would land him in jail. Maybe he is a truly good man, Ms. van Dyne, but even good men have to face consequences for what they do."
"Or, just to bring the paranoia down a notch," Clint interjects. "Norman Osborn was a megalomanic idiot and the government indulged him because they're morons. When he came down off the high, he couldn't take what he'd done and offed himself. Occam's Razor. We need to focus on
"Why?" Barnes asks again, looking a bit stricken. Tony fights to calm down, to reign it in. He thinks of Howard, and the boardroom, and how his father would rip him apart in seconds if he lost control like this. He
Tony watches Steve, watching the emotions flit across his face. Shock and happiness and unmistakable fear. “Just a present, Steve. No pressure,” he murmurs, and Steve frowns at them both, him and the shield. “I heard what happened. With Barnes.”
“So you do know my first name,” Tony muttered under his breath. Steve’s shoulder stiffened imperceptibly and he sighed. “Look, I got the shield because it belongs to you – and you know, I figure now instead of destroying punching bags you can give the Blasting Range a try. You need to start trying new things, Cap. Because. Because you’re here now. With us. And we, um. Well, we need you.”
"And we'll have adventures all our own. Somethin' grand. Like outta a Jules Verne book," Steve said. He could already imagine it.
The table was study in avoidance: Natasha, ignoring the side-eye Jan periodically threw her way as she carefully divested her sandwich of its crust, Sam ignoring the buzzing of Jan’s phone even as the vibrations caused it to inch ever closer to his elbow, Jan ignoring the pointed looks both frequently sent her way, and all three ignoring the distant yelling from the other side of the quad.
"Nowhere to shake when your royal smugness is taking up the whole room," Tony snipes back with a tired smile. T'Challa accepts it with good grace. "Canada specifically wanted a non-American there. Apparently the former KGB super-spy and the robot don't count. Thanks for doing this."
