As he drives the car into the small parking lot near several squat buildings at the edge of the docks, he thinks he should probably call Pepper or maybe Rhodey. He’s fooling himself if he thinks he can handle this – he doesn’t even know if Steve’s here, or if this is some kind of set up to kill him.
Friday interrupts him again as he listens for Steve’s groan of frustration. It’s muted but there as an undercurrent. “Boss, I think you should see this.”
Steve snarls at Rumlow. The man hauls Steve toward the side of the luncheon room, toward the service doors. He manages to push Steve through the swinging doors. Pinning him up against a wall, Rumlow hunches down over him, his breath hot on Steve’s face.
“If you’re ready then please dress. The prince will be waiting for you in his quarters in half an hour.” She hangs the garment bag on the hook in the closet. “If there’s any issue with the fit, call me?” She sets the boots on the floor under the garment bag.
“The workroom is for equipment fabrications and cleaning. Prince Anthony has informed me that you are to be allowed anything you need for your comfort and ease.”
“I’m sorry I can’t sit here. I can’t hold vigil for you. Sitting here on my hands with nothing to do, I can’t do this. I can’t do nothing while you tear away from me. Why are you doing this? Why are you leaving me?” Even as he spoke, he heard the hysteria ramp up in his voice. He needed to leave. The urgency to flee overwhelmed him and he stumbled backward, away from the bed – the stillness of Steve – the grayness of his features. He turned and started out of the critical care room only to bump into Bruce.
“Falcon?” Thor being one of the new residents of the town doesn’t know much of Steve’s history or his connections.
“Vegetable and beef stew. Or so I think it might be beef. I don’t know.” He looks at the green brown meat. “It’s seen better days.”
“Sentinel,” Steve said. His knees gave out unexpectedly and he dropped to the floor, banging his forehead against the gurney. Tony was next to him with his hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve looked up to find Bruce standing there or the Hulk – a mix of both of them and then he settled back to the mild mannered doctor again.
Vaguely, Tony got the impression that Pepper had been calling him more than once. He turned to her and her expression said it all. “It’s nothing,” he replied to her silent worry.
“No issues. Just checking in.” Steve says his goodbyes and then flips through the contacts again. “James Rhodes.” He hates to bother an active duty service member, but he needs some advice. He hits the number. It takes a few rings.
After he assures Clint that he’s on his way, he bucks traffic and gets himself turned around to go back to New Jersey. The idea of Steve in the hands of someone that’s been searching for him, looking for him terrifies Tony. It occurs to him that he might be interrupting something that’s a little more than just a shake down for money. It might get ugly. He should call someone, get backup. Anything. He doesn’t – because how is he going to explain that he’s on his way to New Jersey to save a man who looks like Captain America, who also happens to be a hooker?
The words sang to him. Beautiful and bright. The warmth and heat in the words expanded through him with more energy and more purpose than the blood he imbibed. The wish behind them spoke of caring and respect. It spoke of sacrifice and courage. Those words drew him away from the taste of the blood. He didn’t resist. Instead he allowed the sentiment behind those words to encompass him, wrapping him in their promise until he felt well loved. He swallowed down the last of his drink and pulled off. Opening his eyes, Tony saw Steve limp before him, but smiling all the same. Steve raised a hand and cupped Tony’s cheek. He had no more energy or strength to speak but his eyes told Tony everything he needed to know.  Steve’s eyes changed everything.
When he entered the room, Steve expected some time to explain to Bucky what had happened to him. That it was about biology and that they would get through it together. It hadn’t been possible. Bucky had already entered into some demented version of urgency – his mind deep in alpha fugue. To this day, Steve couldn’t figure out if the fact that Zola had turned Bucky into some mutant form of alpha was on purpose or a mistake. No one knew.
Well, things aren’t that easy. Feed up with the dances of worries in his head, Tony finds his way down to his lab. A few hours playing with the virtual reality set up might calm his nerves. When he picks up the gear, he hears someone curse in the art room. “Steve?”
Sam put the plates of eggs and toast on the table as Steve collected the folks, knives, and butter. They both settled in for breakfast. Sam shrugged. “I got the sense from you this morning you were more at peace with it, but now I’m getting these herky jerky vibes.”
Instead of going back to the bed, he selects the couch. There’s a throw over the back that he uses as he lies lengthwise on it. He’ll entertain himself with his phone. He finds a text from Pepper.
"You can't do this. Let me help you. You need help, god damn it." His voice had sounded strangled and it probably was since the maniac tried to choke him to death.
She steps closer to the bed and shakes her head. “Don’t, Steve. This last year, it’s been hard. Harder on you than most people want to even consider.”
“We can speak with that member as well-.” Strange said but stopped when Fury sliced the air with his hand. “When you think it is appropriate.”
Steve gave one last glance to Tony hunched under the passenger side seat. Steve had used up the last drop of adrenalin and whatever energy supplies he’d had. Nothing was left. He was spent. He remained frozen at the wheel. He kept his hands in sight. “Is that your word or Ross’?”
Getting up, Steve leans over him and kisses his nose and then sasses, “Ah another kink.” He winks at Tony and then settles down between his legs. “I want you to relax for me, sweet one. I want you to close your eyes and just feel.” All the while, Steve opens the lube and dollops some of it on his fingers, warming it before he circles around Tony’s entrance. The surprise touch causes Tony to jerk. “Settle. Settle.”
“I heard some fairly awful stories about the men in there at Andersonville prison camp, how they were nothing more than skin and bones.”
“Fuck, this is creepy. But sure, maybe I’m a Disney Princess and can talk to the animals now,” Tony says as he arranges the branches in the most suitable pattern. He notices all the branches are dried wood, none of them are green. The lion understands, not only understands but thinks rationally, logically. He’s not a biologist or zoologist but he’s pretty damned sure this isn’t natural.
“Oh, that big ugly building in DC. I know it, you’ll love it,” Tony said. To that Steve only grimaced, but Tony persisted. “So you’re going to play the politics game?”
“Already handled,” Steve says and taps out the sequence on the console. It switches graphics and a virtual list of the players appears with a number of branches from each detailing the responsible parties for keeping everyone in line.
He tests the gunners and then switches on the targeting computer. He checks the controls for the activator and then tests the firing grip. Once he has his bearings, he locks in and starts to fire as Clint rockets the ship toward open space. The ship rolls and spins as Clint tries his best to avoid the continuing spray of laser bolts. It takes skill to fly like he does. It’s often been said he’s the best Corellian pilot since Han Solo, though their ship is below the Corellian class. The dizzying spin of the ship though makes it a little difficult to focus and to aim, but the targeting computer chirps and Bucky grips and fires. Hot pain shoots up his arm but he ignores it as he sees his aim is true. He whoops as Sam hits another one. A swarm still covers their tail and Clint races the ship toward open space and lightspeed.
Steve bites back his words, his questions. They’ve come to a mutual détente. It’s easier this way. They worked well together before Ultron, but Tony’s creation decimated their fragile friendship and it had only started to rebuild but Steve had to tear it away again. That private talk nearly exploded any hope they had, but Tony’s sense of right had prevailed, something that Steve counted on – which had been completely unfair. Emotional manipulation never had been his forte. Now they are companions on a journey to save the world – a journey taking place inside their heads. And Steve thought fighting a man with a red skull face had been the strangest thing he’d ever encounter.
“Most vampires pass into being a wraith. Trapped in a nether world of nothingness. Trapped to sit by their decaying body and ashes for the rest of eternity.” Natasha stroked the sheet next to Steve’s leg, smoothing it. “A vampire revived and transformed is something else.” She looked up at him then, her eyes motes of stars and violet darkness. “You must understand this, Steve. He’s not a vampire. He’s one of us now.”
“I know,” Pep says and nods a few times, closes her eyes, and then opens them with a resolute look. “I just know how you feel about things and I don’t want you to do anything you may regret.”
“No! No. I just thought you might,” Steve stops. He’s not certain what he thought. “It’s been a weird day.” From hiking, to dancing, to hanging out in bed with his boss, his brain just might explode.
“That’s a bunch of ableist crap. Don’t come to me and tell me you understand how it feels to be in my position. You can’t even. Plus, what I’m doing with this implant is revolutionary. There are millions of blind and visually impaired people who would love to know that it’s possible to get your sight back,” Tony snaps. He drops the cheese knife. “This is not about denial; this is about the future.”
Tony recalls that moment; it had been after he’d bonded with Steven. When he thinks back on it now, something robs his breath and curdles his gut because he’s ashamed, deeply and disturbingly so. He remembers taking Steven, his ruined body thin and weak from malnutrition and abuse. He remembers how his urgency lingered and he succumbed to it, and he blamed everything he’d done that day on his biology – as if he – as a human being, a thinking being – couldn’t stop himself. What he did that day – he cannot even speak or think the words. He does not want to name it.
He steps into the bath and she starts immediately to clean him down to his nails. She washes his hair and cleans his ears. She checks his teeth and under his tongue. She proficient and professional. She never makes him feel embarrassed.
“Simple,” Steve said. He didn’t offer his hand right away. “It might not work, and that means nothing about who you are. It’s just means our astral projections-.”
She turned to him, her strawberry blonde ponytail swinging as she did. “It will need your fingerprint to open the gates. If that doesn’t work, you’ll need to hack it.”
“Probably a little crazier,” Tony said, because he knew that JARVIS would have secured him a suite with multiple rooms.
He startles awake in the early hours of the dawn, cursing himself for falling asleep. Blu never came home. Instead of worrying for himself, Tony considers the idea that Blu might be in trouble, might have been hurt during his hunting expedition, or even captured by one of the local warlords though they are miles off to the east. The possibility rings in his head like an alarm.
“You mated with her for what? To try and turn her to your thinking?” Tony asked as he worked at the lock again.
“I’m not sure. Fury has a strong hold on the water rights to the Upper Lanes. He could make a strong play for it,” Natalie says.
Depending on his inherent sense of direction, Steve choses each turn and path by designating the destination – Tony- as North. There’s no real sun or daylight just a misty fog.
If he lets the hell of what Obadiah Stane did twist and tug on the newly planted seedling of hope in his damaged heart, what will that do to his fading memory of Yinsen, of Steve? Steve – who is alive – he’s still so sure of it. Even as the days pass and he works on his armor, he knows there’s something more to happen, as if he’s been part of an interrupted story.
“No, no,” Steve hisses as the pain and heat rise. “The transformation stage, needs to be cooled. The final step.” He rocks into the bed, hiding his face. His wings feel like flames devour them. “Please, Tony, please. Went through several cycles before- at least they threw buckets of water at me. Please.”
“I don’t know who they are. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do,” Steve said. He shuffled over to the window staring out at a landscape that looked not like the remains of the New York battle, but an apocalyptic war. Dust and ash blew down the street. “I can’t fix this if I can’t fix us.” The vehemence in his voice was betrayed by the honest horror in his expression, the fear mingling in his eyes.
Tony reaches across the table and strokes Steve’s hand. “Don’t. It’s not gross. You need it. Just don’t skimp.”
“A dick? Yeah, he was you can say it.” Tony inhales, holds it, and then confesses, “You know what hurts the most about his death? I was actually a little relieved when he died. Like he’d been such an a-hole to me. I’d just come out as bi and he went ballistic. Told me thanks for ruining Christmas you little shit.”
“Tony’s coming here?” Steve asked. They didn’t need that at all. Steve hadn’t even had time to talk with the twins. And Bucky, he had a long way to go with Bucky. When he noted that Bucky wasn’t in the room, he peered around the corner to find him. “Where is Bucky?”
Steve hides his smile behind the soup spoon. He shouldn’t be smiling, not today, not when Bucky is as good as lost. Instead, he eats and then says, “Ma used to make a stew when we could afford the meat. Usually she ended up watering it down – when we could afford the water.” He laughs a little, but it falls flat. “It was good. She tried her best and I think that’s all we can do. Isn’t it?”
Everyone leaves but the doctor, he lingers at the stairwell. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to go check on him again.”
After, Steve curls around him and for a long moment, he thinks that Steve clings to him as someone who wishes for a dream and knows he cannot have it.
“Are we so different?” Tony asked and there was a longing in his voice that mimicked the ache in Steve’s chest.
“Two in the morning,” Bruce says. He glances at Steve. The monitors around the bed beep and stream data. With a wave, Bruce gestures for Tony to follow him.
“Yes? Where are the presentation rooms?” He wants to start and just get this over with. She reads him well but doesn’t question him. Instead, she leads him out of the room and they walk down a long hallway.
Steve thanks him. A pair of complete gloves instead of fingerless ones will do wonders for him. He puts on his helmet and while half his face is still exposed, at least he has some protection against the howling wind. He drops out of the wreckage into the deep snow. The top layer of snow is soft, but the bottom layer is hard with ice. It isn’t going to be an easy trek, regardless of which way they turn.
With a firm shake, Rhodes says, “Tony’s going to give a speech about the Maria Stark Foundation where he thanks the donors and also addresses what’s ahead for the Foundation and Stark Industries. It will set the trend for the company for the next year. All the press is here.” Rhodes gestures to the media tables off to the left side of the stage. “Everhart as well. So far everything has worked like charm.”
Steve had to admit his attraction to Tony started before the soul pack brand even appeared on his wrist. Sure, he fought and debated with Tony, but that didn’t take away from the fact that his pulse heightened and he grew excited about the opportunity to be around him.
After what seemed like an eternity, but had only been the day, the sun dwindled and fell into the night. Twilight welcomed the vampires on the roof. Tony watched as the wraith next to the other vampire swayed in the coming dark as if dancing to unheard music. He only turned to his body, so broken, so decayed and desiccated. What was left was a dried-out husk, bones and little flesh hung on the wooden cross. Nothing about the thing kneeling bound to the cross looked at all like Tony. It was a dead thing. And he was cursed to it, for all time. As he stood and watched the night city come to life, the door to the building opened and his assailants returned but without Rumlow. They wheeled a gurney with them.
“You could say that,” Tony says and he’s on his feet as well. “Quantum entanglement is a phenomenon in physics, in the most elementary description of how sub atomic particles act. It happens with pairs of particles. When they interact or are close in a quantum state then they become linked in how you can describe them. You cannot describe one without describing the other regardless of how far they are apart, because they influence each other.”
“Jesus, I am so out of my league with all this supernatural stuff. You know, I live and breathe science, right.”
Frowning, Steve looked ahead as he spotted the small cabin in the woods. A typical SHIELD safe house. He located the generator and then glanced up at the leafy canopy and wondered if the SHIELD surveillance apparatuses were still functional. “No, I didn’t. Not really.”
Tony stared at the empty space, the restaurant which had seemed so cramped felt open, exposed, barren. He glanced down at the table and only a pit, a chasm, yawned open like the abyss. They were no longer in the restaurant but in that void place between dreams and nightmares.
Sure, he agreed that Barnes needed the psychological support and help. Sure, he wanted Barnes out of his hair and thousands of miles away on another continent was about as good as it got, but truthfully, Tony didn’t want Steve to leave. He only just felt as if they’d managed to piece each other back together again. Although Steve wouldn’t mention it, his recovery had been painful. Just because he had the serum, didn’t erase the pain of injury and recovery.
“As you so desire, my prince,” Steve says and gets to his knees. “But perhaps we might go to the bedroom?”
“No. It’s rejecting- it’s not working,” Tony says and waits – and waits as Barnes breathes over the phone. “You know.”
Lying there in silence with Steve and listening to the birds in the giant outdoors, Tony appreciates the slowing down of his heart, his brain, the emotions of the day, week, year. The weekend centered on nothing more than the everyday, instead of the unusual. Tony looks over at Steve. “It was fun.”
“Jericho,” the leader says and smirks at Steve. He gestures for some of the soldiers to come over and Tony’s climbing to his feet, his hands off his head, begging.
“Soon. Soon.” Tony doesn’t look at Steve. Tony always looks at Steve when he’s proud of his accomplishment, as if he’s looking for validation.
“His family had been taken,” Natasha replied. She stayed cool but something pained etched across her features. “They’re safe now. Or will be. But first we have to get you out of here.” She waved to Steve. “Can we get him to safety before you blow us away?”
Steve wanted to express his relief but the whole of his body shivered, and he sank down against the pillow. Tony rubbed his shoulder and covered him with the thin blanket. “I’m sorry, Steve. What I did at the end of my life as a vampire or wraith or whatever it was, it was wrong. I drained nearly the last of your blood. You were so close to death. I don’t know if you remember, or how much you remember. You went in and out of consciousness.”
By the time dawn streamed in through the tinted windows, they had rested for hours but also stepped towards learning each other again.
“It’s been bad since I woke up.” Steve shook his head. “In WWII, it was different. We were together. Vampire and human working toward the same goal. I even remember FDR saying something about a new peace and understanding with the vampire community.” He relaxed his hands for a second on the steering wheel and then grabbed it again. “What the hell happened?”
Tony snorts and buries his face in Steve’s hair. “God, you got the reference. It’s not even that funny, but I can’t – I can’t stop laughing.” He giggles with uncontrolled hiccups thrown in.
“Listen, Sam knows to sit tight,” Tony says as the snow catches on his eyelashes. “He’s not going to do anything stupid. We got to get to Schmidt’s and get that damned brother of Thor’s. Plus Thor has vowed to help Sam, right?”
Of course, that's when the whole place explodes with activity. Everyone seems to be after him and the carnage he leaves behind will only tax him in his nightmares. He lobs a grenade as one group of troopers race toward him and then he spins around and searches for another path toward the prison block. The building shudders under the explosion from the grenade and throws him into the stone wall. Dazed, he scurries to his feet and runs toward the next hall to find the makeshift elevator. He could take it but that means hoping where ever it opens he's not faced with a dozen troopers. He opts out and searches for stairs.
Steve tries not to notice that the boy is angling them away from the tenements where he lives. Steve glances at his companion as she trots along, happy and full of joy. It's not something he usually sees in her.  She's as sickly as he is. But right now the sun and the moon couldn't stop her from playing with the boy's - no James jimmy?   - Companion. He concedes. "She looks happy enough."
“Not if it reflects poorly on me!” Tony claps his hands and Jarvis goes rigid. “J can you bring tablet and call up the link-.”
The vampires were inhumanly strong, immortal, and persuasive. They could go out in the sunlight, they didn’t sleep in coffins. They could die but not of natural causes. Normally mortal wounds did not affect them because they had an unnatural ability to heal. It became increasingly obvious that they were a different species. In short order, those infected by the virus swayed millions to follow them. The population left on the Earth after those first few months segmented into the three different groups. Howard Stark along with Alexander Pierce were the leaders of the new world order.
. Now the light dawns around him in a spectacular array of colors and he yearns to crawl back into the cocoon of ignorance under its darkened cover. All that security is gone though, devoured by his own curiosity. He staggers and drops to his knees in the shower. Not spent, but tired. Tired of the confusion hitting his brain, exhausted from trying to reach out, and realizing what he’s done has only divided him from the object of his desire so profoundly that the only way to have him is to continue down the road he started – but he can’t. He can’t deny the truth he sees.
Steve stops. Tony imagines he must be exasperated. Instead, Steve’s voice is soft and kind. “I can’t come to understand how you feel about this, Tony. Like you said earlier when I first came to work for you, me trying is just ableist talk.” He squeezes Tony’s hand. “But the truth is, I worry about you. The pain the implant causes. I don’t want to lose that brain of yours. Maybe you don’t get it, but you’re brilliant. Beyond the norm of brilliance. Just the idea of an implant to help you see is far beyond what anyone else has imagined or even invented.”
Steve shakes his head. “No. I had to pay off mom’s medical expenses after she died. There were a lot of bills.”
With a tilt of his head, Tony smiles and offers his hand. He snaps his fingers, and the projected ocean scene fades away to be replaced by a stream of stars, the arms of the milky way. “JARVIS something soothing and easy.”
None of it makes sense. What Pepper confessed to him – Tony’s nightmares, Tony’s memories being tainted with Ultron’s version of events, Tiberius as Tony’s intended, Tony requesting Steve as his bodyguard. It all plays into a complicated mess that Steve needs to tease apart. He thinks if he’s unable to do it, more than just a former Courtesan’s marital status will be at stake, maybe even his life.
“But you can’t trust me,” Steve says. “I can’t tell you or give up Bucky to you. That means I’m a fugitive. I’m not signing the Accords, not when Bucky would be thrown in prison. I know you can’t forgive him, but you said you understand now that he was a victim.”
“He was fucking raping you,” Tony says and every part of him vibrates; he feels like he’s shaking apart. It takes all the guts and brains he has to keep his eyes on the road.  But the words execution orders echo in his head.
At that Steve only laughed, leaned down, and kissed Tony so thoroughly it stole his breath. He cupped Tony’s face in his hands and said, “Oh darling, the stories you tell me.” He rolled again, the feeling sending spikes of hot need through Tony. Steve placed his forehead against Tony’s and rocked, and rocked, and rocked. It moved them in such a way as to give Tony just enough stimulation to perch him on the edge of want, but not enough to tip him over it.
“Talk it out?” Steve said and shrugged. He swept out the ashes from the hearth and stacked the wood. Searching around the mantle he found a box of matches. It took a little doing without a good amount of kindling and the wood was slightly wet from the snow, but he managed to get the fire going. “Should get warm soon.”
He should never have asked – how could he be so stupid, so selfish. “I was selfish before, I’d gotten brash, too many victories. I was there to help save the world and Bucky – but he fell off the train because I thought we were invincible.”
“Scanned for traces of vibranium.” He growled. That was a lie. He never found the damned shield. Somehow he found Steve, right on the side of the shore like Tony knew he would be there at that exact spot. “Shit.” Something indescribable trembled inside like an earthquake shaking buildings at their very foundation. He shifted focus, pushed it aside and looked for something calming. The armor. He recalled the dizzying moments of flight as he forced the armor to launch into the air, as his heart screamed at him to hurry. It was more than the need to help; it was fear. He closed his eyes and shook his head as it occurred to him that he left the nascent armor on the street outside the hospital when he arrived with an unconscious Captain America in his arms. He’d only just started to rebuild his arsenal, the armor and the Iron Legion, since his breakup with Pepper.
It surprised Tony when he first set eyes on Steve’s cock that he was cut. It’s a beautiful shape and arches toward his belly; it brought such torturous anticipation in Tony that he barely had been able to speak. The first lick up the large blood vessel sent both Tony and Steve into new heights. Steve growled and clung to the bed. When he down his whole cock in one swift move, Steve cried out with such pure sweet agony that Tony almost came from the sound. The taste of his come still lingers on Tony’s tongue even as he slips a condom on and watches as Steve’s once spent cock comes to attention.
Clint swallowed down hard, flipped open the bottle, and offered it to Steve again. “Try and put the straw as far back as possible,” Clint whispered.
“Yeah sure, ask the good sheriff to join us.” He hears some scuffling and, for a moment, considers declining any invitation but then a slight moan and a rapid intake of breath draws him nearer to the curiosity of Tony Stark.
“Natasha,” Steve rasps. He sounds like he’s been screaming for days – and he probably has considering it looks like they used him as a punching bag and worse.
Getting his dick fried apparently really pisses off the bastard.  He's got an assault rifle (which if Tony had seen it, he would have taken it). Rumlow limps onto the main factory floor and, with a hollering scream, sprays the area with bullets. He's no aiming at anything, the rage must be blinding. And the pain, Tony thinks.
“Sheriff, come, sit.” Stark claps his hands and ushers everyone in the room. He walks over to the sideboard and decants a drink of amber liquid.
“No. Nothing. Just a little reddening and bruising. It’s tender but not bad. Thankfully, I was fully clothed at the time.” Steve refuses to think about what could have happened if Rumlow had managed to get his clothes off. He opens his robe just a touch to show her the bruise on his belly. “It shouldn’t be a problem.”
They both fall silent, and an awkward pressure sits on Steve’s chest. He licks his lips and looks for somewhere to sit. There’s not a place so he folds his arms and just stands. Tony looks at him and huffs. “Really, you’re going all Cap on me now?”
Steve’s right by his side suddenly, holding his hand over the one Tony inadvertently put on his own chest. “I’m grateful every day that you had the arc reactor, that it saved you, that you were eventually able to take it out. The scars show me that you are still here with me. Tony, they’re beautiful. You’re beautiful.”
“Yes, I want to do more. I want you have me, I want you to be inside of me. Is that okay? Can we do that?” He bits his lower lip. “It’s rather selfish, I know, but -I’m not even sure if you’re interested in that? If you aren’t, if you’d rather-.”
Steve exhales trying to relieve the tension building under his sternum. He tells the playback to continue.
“And this little hocus pocus sounds any better,” Tony snaps back. “Once you bleed my brain then what?”
Just then Pep and Jamison join them. Tony notices the scrutinizing eye his Master of the Fleet gives Steven and then how his expression freezes to neutral afterward. Not wanting to deal with questions, Tony ushers them into the large conference room. Many of the lower ranking alphas interested in the coalition are sitting in the chairs that surround the main conference table. This is a make or break meeting. If he goes to the Council with not only the backing of major players but these minor alphas as well, then Tony will have a strong case for the High Alpha Chair.
“It would be best, don’t you think?” Tony stood there, not moving in the center of Steve’s beige and brown living room.
The door swipes open and a big man steps in. He’s wearing the Stark family colors of red and gold. “Mer Rogers, his highness awaits.”
“Come on, Captain. Stop messing around.” Tony hoists him onto his feet and Steve nods in thanks for the assist. “It’s up on top. I used the sensors. Pretty sure that’s it.” Steve goes to peer over his shoulder, but Tony stops him. “It’s not him. It’s Ultron. Leave it.”
Smirking, Tony shook his head and rolled his eyes. He saw it now. Living in the Tower with the whole team would be like reliving days in a college dormitory. “You drew the short straw, didn’t you?”
Steve drops the cup and it splashes down Tony’s chest. “Sorry, damn, sorry.” He searches around for something and finds it – a rag – to dry Tony. “I didn’t hurt you, did I?”
Tony frowns. "Old school? I'll have you know I updated dear old dad's complete lab. Everything here is state of the art."
The lights went down and the click of the doors locking echoed in the workshop. The sparkling of the starry projection shined like a thousand blue and white candles over them. Tony spotted the glints of the lights reflected in Steve’s eyes. Even as he noted it, Steve said, “The whole universe.”
Tony peers over his shoulder and notes that Pep is still engrossed, accessing the Viz (as they call the visual computer net for short). He keys on the lights in the cell and the small enclosed space brightens. The room is sparse – a cot, a toilet, a sink, a steel table. Not like the other cells for Omega warriors – where they’ve made it a home. There’s nothing personal here, no access to decorations or trinkets of a long lost home like the others. It is more like a prison cell than somewhere to house a human being, even a low caste human.
“Years?” Tony said and that surprise in his voice perked up Steve’s interest. Of course, years seemed ridiculous to Steve too, but the fact that Tony showed any bit of concern about a process gave Steve a sense of satisfaction that he couldn’t parse.
His friend’s finger twitched. That was all the warning Steve received. Nothing more. Everything in the room became a weapon, a threat, a binding. The ropes from the bed became his bindings, the milk bottle became his nightmare.
The waitress arrives with their food and quietly places the dishes in front of them. She hovers close and Steve thanks her and dismisses her. “I think she wanted to do my job for me. Your cheeseburger is in the center of the plate. The fries are in a plastic basket with paper at 2 o’clock. The milkshake is at 11.”
“If you need to get some horseshit off your boots,” Sam says with a chuckle. But he goes serious again when he says, “Schmidt wants this whole area under his control. Pierce is willing to give it to him.”
He’s quiet under Tony’s touch. An almost imperceptible shudder and he replies, “I don’t want to waste time. I’ve been lost to it for too long.”
“You brought coffee?” Tony smiles and picks it up from the small ledge Steve placed it on. “How much?”
There really couldn’t have been enough time to fix the upgrade and ensure that Tony wasn’t going to have seizure. Steve assumes that Tony had been able to restore the previous version. It means that Tony has to deal with migraines. It won’t be easy.
“Orders are no one is to enter the room of the Captain unless specifically allowed.” The soldier looked like he was fifteen to Tony,– but he was probably around 25. Around the same age as Steve when he ended up in World War II.
Tony quirked an eyebrow. He hadn’t considered those facts, but the truth was Steve was rumored to be an excellent tactician and a strategist. Examining their resources and projecting how to utilize them would help the pack. He studied Steve and then said, “We’re a team but more than that we are a pack.”
“It would mean he can access our neurons and I don’t think that’s possible. The cradle uses vibranium, sure, but also a biomatrix. He can’t read neurons.”
Before he can assimilate exactly what JARVIS said, more movement draws his attention and he sees a shoulder, and a shock of blonde hair crusted with rusty blood. When the face turns, briefly to the light, Tony gasps.
Submissives had key words, trigger words. Tony knew well enough to explore and find the words as soon as Steve became his Submissive. They needed to know the words in order to avoid them during hot situations and battles. Captain America led the Avengers and Submissive or not he needed to take control of the team, lay out strategy, and be a respected leader. Sure, it was a dichotomy, but also reality. They needed work arounds and they needed to ensure that Steve’s status never prevented his duty to the team.  Luckily, it happened to be only the Submissive’s Dominant who could trigger the action with special words or motions.
Bruce stared ahead and the violet blue sky with the glimmering lights. Even now Tony still marveled at the sights, the beauty of the night that blind humans could not see. Tony waited for an answer and Bruce offered none. So Tony tried a different tactic. “Are you going to stay with me or someplace else?”
“Don’t worry about it, Stevie.” Bucky sipped his beer. Imported it was obscenely expensive, but Steve wanted to do right by his friend, his brother before he left the settlement. “Be back before you know it.”
He knew it. He was leaving for New York, but he still hadn’t broached the idea to Sam about pulling up his roots and going to New York, too. Hell, Sam had family in Prince George’s county in Maryland.
Tony kisses him fast and fierce. “Let me play for you.” Tony climbs off the piano and then lifts Steve off as well. He sets him down in front of the keyboard but facing Tony. The prince grabs the discarded robe and wipes his hands.
At that moment, Tony thrashed around, and his voice came back. A tortured scream filled the cell. He sobbed as the pain shot through him, like a thousand insect stings all over his body. He grimaced, and blood tears ran down his face. Each sting exploded, and agony streaked through his muscles, through all of his newly reformed tissues. Turning to look one last time at Steve, Tony memorized the curve of his face, the hope in his expression, the strength through the weakness and the battery he suffered. And then there was nothing left because the thing inside of him burst forth and changed everything. Changed him.
He lays down on the deck, staring up at the wires and pipes of the ceiling, his sight blurred by his tears. Once Tony leaves him – which may be as soon as tomorrow after the stunt Steve pulled today – he’ll be all alone. Bucky’s good as gone. Tony off with the people who matter to him, and Steve sitting in the sex pod waiting for the next client’s dick to suck. It all comes down to that, Steve realizes. He’s not even a pawn in the game, not even as observer. But just chattel to be used and thrown away. At least, Bucky thought of him as something more.
Through the pain etched over his face, Steve smiles and nods. “Just being here changed everything for me Tony and I don’t even know why. I don’t even know how I accomplished it.”
Steve clamps a hand over his side and gingerly picks his way over to the bed. Collapsing on it, he closes his eyes and says, “I needed the money. He pays good.”
When he glanced up at her, he glimpsed a weariness in her eyes but also mirrored there the pain that ate away at his gut. It wasn’t him at all, the hurt bled through the bonds from Steve.
Steve pulled the blanket off his shoulders though the cold remained in his chest. “Yeah, like it’s shifting and it kind of feels like it sees the body as a trap? A prison?”
The trade routes are in chaos, the Rims are fighting off incursions from alien races, and Asgard is still lobbying for assistance from the Dark Elves invasion. “At least with the Main Chamber things worked.”
He stops before he exits. Turning he says to Tony, “I never had anyone make me feel as cheap as you did today. You made me ashamed of my job, my job which is respectable and needed.”
Before one of the soldiers can lift his gun, Tony says, “Now.” The mini-rockets pick off each soldier with ease. The Hunter’s henchmen drop to the dusty road without a sound. Tony doesn’t like to kill, never did, but some evils are necessary.
“I didn’t even touch him,” Steve said and the moment solidified as Bucky saved him and then dropped him on the shore. Steve had reached out – not with his hand but with the waves of his astral projection. The resonance had been deafening and the word bubbled up. “Brother.”  The memory shook his astral projection until he saw Sam wince in reaction to the juddering waves. Steve pulled back from the memories and quieted the vibrations through the bonds. Though he glimpsed the subtle furrow of Sam’s brow reflecting both Steve’s own confusion and the chaotic noise coming from Bucky. How was Bucky even handling all the feedback in his head? Steve needed to find a way to send quiet soothing waves toward him.
Fury and Nat shared a look and then Nat turned to Tony. “He’s not dead. We made it look that way to make sure that Rumlow and Pierce didn’t know. He’s on the run with Bucky and Clint.”
“Yeah, I know it’s not a big deal or anything. But to me it is. You’re important, Tony. Really, really important,” Steve says and then adds, “To me.” He’s floundering – Tony can see it. It’s painful to witness even harder to be part of it. Yet the way Steve tries colors the world light and soft.
“It means that Captain Rogers can’t make it back to his body from the place his soul resides. Not yet.”
“How can you trust him? I looked at the history. He was part of the Uprising at Carbonelli’s request. And now the Carbonellis are all dead. Plus do we even know where he came from in the first place?” Jamison shakes his head. “He’s a mystery. No pedigree, nothing. He’s probably from the Purge.”
As Tony settles on the floor, he clasps his hands together and remarks, “Well it smells amazing. How can you not like the smell of baked bread?”
“About a quarter of the size of Prime. Which means it’s huge since Prime is the biggest station out there.” Tony maneuvers the shuttle along the side of Prime and then lower to the base of the station. “Biggest one out there and thus a target for every Kree ship there is. They always try and breakthrough by striking at the Avengers. They never will, not with me aboard.”
The adrenalin did nothing for Steve when push came to shove. Steve faltered and then staggered, collapsing down the stairs and hitting hard on the landing as he fell to his knees. When he tried to open his eyes, the blur of dizziness confounded him. He whined low in his throat and closed them again. The vertigo wouldn’t let up, and he tasted the acid of bile in the back of his throat.
“No, actually I cornered her, and I was about to take the shot, to kill her. She was weak, it was the middle of the day. Then I asked her a question,” Clint said.
“Doctor Banner went to see Deputy Barnes some time ago,” Jarvis says. “I’ll get your coffee now. Dinner is almost ready.” He exits into the mudroom but Steve ignores him.
“Wh-what?” The chaotic soul waves from Bucky crested as they hit Steve – an energy pulse so powerful and potent it shocked him and he clenched his jaw to brace himself, but it didn’t matter. He still toppled, pitching forward off the bed. Bucky’s metal hand caught him and righted him. “What? What was that?”
“Most times,” Clint says. “He’s sweet on the schoolmarm, and she’s got a room over there with Darcy.”
Steve inhaled sharply, and then went to a cleared space on one of the many worktables. “I wanted to tell you something. It’s not going to be easy for you to hear but in light of the fact Bucky could show up at any time, I think you have a right to know my suspicions.”
“No, we can’t use vibranium. It wouldn’t be possible with the gland. We’re using a living tissue matrix for the simulacrum.” That’s Helen Cho and Steve tries to force his head to move to see her. “We’ll harvest tissue from his thigh and we’ll also take some of the nerve tissue. Using that and the last of the gland that still functional, we’ll re-establish the gland.”
“Don’t say that.” Tony looked at the boarded up windows and glimpsed the smallest crack of sun peeking through the planks of wood. They weren’t like other mates, at least not in Tony’s head.
The way he spoke, with that slight Brooklyn accent rang something comfortable and true in Tony’s head. Steve spoke like that, sometimes. Not a lot. But he did – every now and again. He cleared his throat. “I really didn’t mean to. The suit, the Iron Man armor I was wearing malfunctioned. We’ll figure out how to fix your arm. I swear it.”
Stretching out his arm closest to the table, Tony sweeps the food away. The bowl of cherries scatters over the floor. He literally picks Steve up and throws him onto the table, still deeply embedded in him. Steve groans at the feel, the power overwhelming him. He gathers Tony’s close to his chest and plunders his mouth, seeking with his tongue to say things he cannot possible utter. Their mouths fight for dominance, each giving and then taking.
“It was ten years ago. I was a different man, or at least I hope I’m different now. I don’t make bombs anymore.”
And finally the progress bar is solid. He yanks the wires out and charges his way down the tunnel, scorching anyone in his path. He’s half surprised that the armor actually functions. The flame throwers are especially lovely and he uses them with impunity. He burns the place as he hurries to find Steve. With a little luck, they’ll get free of the tunnels and be free of this damned place in no time.
“You suggested that,” Tony retorts and runs his hands over his face. “And that’s not what I’m talking about. You know me, Pep. I’m all about me.”
“Sure,” Steve says and gently pushes Tony out of the door. Tony sniffed him. The shame boils up like an ugly canker sore. “Did he smell it?” Steve smells his hand – nothing – just soap and water. “Shit.” He doesn’t have time to theorize over Tony’s incredible sense of timing and perception. He heads back to his bureau, pulls out his sleeping pants and a t-shirt with the preamble to the Constitution on it. He barely finishes drying before he dons his clothes and throws the towel in the laundry bin.
That’s when Steve glimpsed it, the horrible reckoning of a fractured soul as it battled the tether holding it to Earth. It sought to be consumed by the ever increasing dark void around them. Steve shuddered in its cold presence and then he heard a muted howl and realized it was Clint begging to live, to survive. This was his fault again. He rushed forward but then something, a bond, caught him and held him back from Bruce’s work. It felt like someone clasped him around his chest, keeping him back as Bruce wove the energies together, getting the crests to synchronize even as the tendrils whipped about trying for release. In a final heave, the purpled soul lurked away, trying to spread out its energies so that Bruce couldn’t possibly knot them together.
“Oh, you didn’t know that once you apply you need a sponsor. Well, yes you do. It was me. I sponsored you because I have a client that I think you’re well suited for.” She pauses as if she’s waiting for him to comment. When he doesn’t, Natasha continues, “So Steve Rogers tell me a little about yourself.”
“Now, Tones, call the poor man a Commander,” Tiberius says and appears at the same door. He’s wearing only a towel as well. He’s not as well-proportioned as Steve and sports a bit of a paunch. He places a hand on each of Tony’s shoulders as he stands behind him. His obvious gesture of possession sickens Steve and only with determined willpower does he not turn away.
Steve rolls over onto his stomach – his very wounded stomach - and suffers for it, but he doesn’t try and flop back. His shirt has tears on it, smeared with his blood and sweat. “Good, almost h-home, then.” He shudders as if he’s cold but it’s something else, Tony’s not sure what.
Cho, who must have been in the room all along, let out a little gasp, but with the glares from Bruce, Clint, and Steve, she excused herself and left the room.
“No, I mean the man I care about. You’re wilting away,” Pepper says and places the tablet down on his workbench. “What’s going on? Since you came back – no since before you went to Afghanistan something was wrong. When you had the broken nose and came back to California from New York, what happened then?”
smart. Steve bent his neck to look up over the trees and the red and gold flashed against the pitiful sun and cloud laden sky. “Tony,” Steve murmured and then the armor set down with a thump that reverberated through the forest floor. The birds went quiet.
“Rich enough for harvest?”  The words, the actions, the knowledge surrounded him, cluttered his brain.  So much, so much hell on Earth that he couldn’t parse how anyone could survive. How did Captain America survive, and why did he survive? What point? Why did he fight all these years? Why did he continue?
“JARVIS, locked the doors and dim the lights, but keep the hologram.” Tony guided Steve up onto the couch. He pulled Steve into an embrace and held him for long minutes, stroking a hand up and down his back, then he said, “This isn’t about pressure, Steve. You need to feel comfortable.”
Tony’s eyes go wide with shock and horror.  The passageway gets smaller, confined, and the pounding of Steve’s heart mirrors the ache from his chest wound. He shakes his head at Tony, still unable to formulate decent words to explain.
He ran barefooted to the elevator and JARVIS took him down to Steve’s assigned level. When the doors of the elevator opened after asking for entrance, Tony found Steve on his couch head in his hands and phone on the cushion next to him.  Through the waves of the bond, Tony felt the ache. It had been there before as he woke up, Tony realized that some key part of the bond was missing, gone.  Standing in front of Steve, the rebound of the ache increased to be acute and potent. He reached out, nearly afraid to do so because of the pain, and touched Steve’s shoulder.
“What I think, Rogers, is that you should stick to your own business,” Natasha says as she turns his attention to Bucky. “You don’t get to tell me to do something, I can’t do when you won’t even-.”
Over the course of the next few hours, Strange, Wong, and Bruce grilled Tony about the dreamscape and his interactions with Steve in it. Tony left out the more erotic details but explained how the dreamscape had really been their safe zone, their spot to be with one another even before they were bonded.
Steve blinks once, then twice. He doesn’t think this is part of the tour. He thinks maybe his ride might have derailed and he’s spiraling out of control about to crash to the ground. The way Jarvis glares at him is anything but kind. “Yes?”
“Just a person who lives unconventionally, it was a movement back on Earth in the early 20th century. Ages ago. Lots of artists were associated with it,” Tony says.
Does that work with the Captain? Because Tony wants to know, but when he turns to look at Rogers – he knows it doesn’t. Rogers is focusing on Natasha – and while there isn’t even a picture or plastic container with the movie disc in it because JARVIS will just stream it from the huge library Tony owns – it’s clear that the Captain isn’t seeing Natasha. He’s seeing the war and all it means.
When the terrorists return, they aren’t happy with the lion’s lack of activity or so Tony assumes. They end up dragging the lion out of the cave by batting it and shocking it. There’s a large gash down its side and it cowers like a scared mouse. Tony’s never seen anything like it. Soon after Yinsen returns and the leader of the terrorist gang, Raza, hauls him out of the underground prison to tell him what they want again. Raza promises him that if he builds them the Jericho they’ll release him. He’ll earn his freedom.
Tony moves back into his seat but doesn't release Steve's hands. It is only then that Steve realizes Jarvis remains in the room, quiet, unassuming, an observer. With light caresses of Steve's hands, Tony says, "You intrigue me, Captain." He bows his head for a moment, and then looks up. "The honorable Captain captured in the deep South, tortured but still fighting for the rights of the little guy in the prison camp. You are a giant among men."
It’s a sleek white corridor with curved doors. Above each door is a light either indicating occupied or free. She gestures for him to pick one of the empty ones, and he choses the closest one since he has no idea regarding their differences.
“If you’ll excuse me, I need to get back to the prince.” Steve pulls his arm but fails to dislodge Rumlow. “I need to go.”
“Rhodey?” Tony said and hissed. He hated to impose on his friends. It was bad enough the press constantly bothered Pepper, but now they were making her life hell. He tried not to imagine what could possibly be happening with Rhodey – a Lieutenant Colonel in the Air Force. Tony had done his best to distance himself, at least to the public, from Rhodey after he was changed. They’d stayed in touch regularly, but they kept it unofficial and quiet. If any of their meetings ended up outing Rhodey, Tony would never forgive himself.
Clint sobbed and shook his head. Steve spoke, low and fierce. “Do it. Clint, do it.” Both Ross and Pierce turned to him as Steve said, “He’s a good man. You haven’t broken him, you haven’t broken anyone. Clint is a good man, a good father. You wouldn’t understand the love he has for his family. You wouldn’t understand the love that I share with Tony. You’re cold and dead – more than any vampire that walks the Earth. I will stand with the vampires and I will stand with Clint. I am their shield. Do what you want, but I will not crack.” He met Clint’s weeping eyes. “Do it.”
As for this chapter - hang onto your boots - things get real at the Council of Worlds. Will this change everything for Tony and Steven and how does this fit into our present day pairing?
“You’re there. I grew up thinking it was not okay. I never explored the idea that I could, that I might be attracted to-.” He stopped and swallowed hard. He couldn’t look at Tony. “I don’t know what to do.”
Steve feels the pain bleeding out of Tony, the same way he felt the moments right before Tony’s death on Earth. It takes his breath away. “I promise I’m coming back.”
Tony’s thankful for the interruption. He swoops down to the location in just minutes and lands with a resounding vibration that shakes the village surrounding him. Several people peer out of their small houses. He sees a local elder step out of his house, glaring at Tony.
This does not mean I am not going to write in Stony or that I am not going to write in the fandom. I will probably write Stony one shots. And I have a few Steve centric stories I will write so that's still brewing.
“Oh,” Steve said and squinted. “Oh.” The implications reached farther and wider than Steve could fathom. “I didn’t know I could do that.”
Steve shouts out a long cry and then curls up, holding the arm to his chest. He bends away from Tony and vomits up his lunch, the pain strikes. He spits out the last of it and curses.
His face battered, his eyes glassy with pain, Steve only answers with a soft keening sounds as if he’s lost in the fever of his agony. Whatever his captors laid over him, Tony grabs it and tries again to push it off.
Steve considers reporting to Pepper that Tony’s chancing an upgrade of the implant right now but decides against it.
Tony stares after her. The doors to his office are frosted but he can follow her shadow. Life is about shadows. Dark and light, gray and white. He knows too much about shadows and light. Much more than he ever wanted to know. He goes to the back room of his office – it’s where Pepper hid out when he was interviewing Steve. Tony doesn’t look at the frosted glass here, the variations of gray, the silver of the desk frames and the tables. He picks up the documents but doesn’t check them. There’s no need. Pepper is always efficient. If there’s something he knows that’s black and white – it’s that he can always count on Pepper. He also knows she sent him on the errand to make him feel like he’s useful. Part of him should resent her, but instead he just feels a little sadder, a little less useful, a little more isolated.
The door pops open and Tony steams in. “I got it, Steve. I actually got it. The code’s done. I just need you to review it with me. I think the upgrade is perfect!”
With that question and statement, Steve decides to change his tactics. He’s not falling for the prince. First, that would be ridiculous considering their different statuses, and second, they’ve only known one another for a day. “No, Wanda, I’m not falling for the prince. I’m a freaking professional, just like you.”
He wants, he's desperate after so many years of loneliness, but also because Tony intrigues him, sets fire to his skin, and steals his ability to even focus on anything else but those eyes, his intense eyes. He cannot stop himself, the lure of Tony compels him forward and, even though he ends up only inches from Tony's face, he doesn't pull away. "Yes." It sounds like a whimper. It sounds like a prayer. It sounds like a whispered plea.
Steve focused on Tony. “Yes. Believe it or not, I’ve thought about it more than once. The shield – it’s a duty but it doesn’t define me.”
“True,” Tony says and goes to the cupboard to search for mug. “Never have been here. Time to change that. Maybe we should have tea more often.” He selects a mug, tests the kettle on the stove with the back of his hand to see if it’s still hot. It is. He pours a cup after he picks out a tea bag.
“Surprised this place as a regular fireplace and not a stove,” Steve says and tries to light a match. His fingers don’t cooperate and he misses the strike, breaking the head of the match. “Damn it.”
“It seems to me you were a minor and couldn’t stop your father’s rash decisions. That’s not your fault, Tony. It’s his fault. You shouldn’t think of it as something you need to make up for,” Steve says and kisses him lightly on the shoulder.
He doesn’t know what he would have done without Pepper, without Rhodey. But he can’t keep them from their lives just because where and how he ended on that snowy December night. He knows his hands shake when he puts the glasses back on. He blinks away the tears and tells himself they’re from the strain. “No. I’m good. I’ll just finish up here and then go to the penthouse for the rest of the day.”
Tony doesn’t say much but he stays close. Once in a while his hand brushes Steve’s and a thrill shoots up his spine. The prince is so damned close, and Steve’s fallen so hard he’s not sure how he’s going to deal with this week ending soon.
He heads toward the back, to his bedroom. He used to share the room with Pepper, but she’s long gone – back to California. He misses her but she’s happier now. Tony can’t blame her; she didn’t sign up to be a girlfriend of a superhero. It’s not an easy job. Plus, he’s not sure he ever treated her right, not how he should have. A boyfriend should be attentive, a boyfriend should know that his significant other is allergic to strawberries. Tony should know what the hell is wrong with Steve.
At least his mother had always been supportive of him. He might have cried on her shoulder as a young man realizing his fate, but she told him stories. The stories of the omega warrior and how throughout history it had been the warrior to protect people, to secure the alpha and his clan, to ensure life and liberty. He might have been somewhat awkward and filled with a warrior’s rage but he was a warrior and he would find a good alpha. Someday. His mother promised.
A rapping on the door stopped them and then it swung open to reveal Natasha. “You couldn’t wait a day to tell him?”
Tony yawns. He cannot believe how much the seizure and the stupid meds took out of him. He still hasn’t eaten, and he has no appetite. He itches to have his glasses, to have Steve here, something to get work done, but at the same time the fatigue drains his drive to work. It’s a strange dichotomy that he had gotten used to after the traumatic brain injury but hasn’t had to deal with in many years.
Each of the high backed cushion chairs at the table are a deep red in color with gold trim. Steve's never seen them before and he suspects they don't belong in the room or in the saloon at all. Tony wears a perfectly tailored white suit with polished white boots; something Steve's never seen before in all of his travels. Tony gets to his feet when Steve joins him at the table and gestures to the other upholstered chair.
Tony caressed his cheek, looked at the sketches pinned to the walls. The beautiful self-made art and knew there was so much more. He wanted it all.
“You were the one who figured out how to weave all the soul energies together. You bonded us all during the funeral. That means you are his strength, his glue,” Natasha said.
Part of Steve blesses his lucky stars that Loki ran off and he had to send Clint and Bucky after him. The Odinson family and their fortune rival the Rockefellers; Loki off in the wilderness demanded Steve send his deputies after the man. At the very least, Bucky rode off happy, since he’d finally earned the star he wanted. It put Bucky in the foothills of the mountains somewhere, probably gone for a few days and leaving Steve breathing room.
It saddened him that Steve hadn’t gone through with it, that something stopped him from kissing Tony, and the sorrow scarred the moment. Again, though, Steve hadn’t pulled completely away. He held onto Tony. They stayed touching until Strange showed up. The vibrations of the synchronized bond must have leaked through to the others in the pack and alerted Strange to release them from the cabin. It had worked. The cabin taught them something, and when they stood in the conference room and Steve glanced at Tony with a tender look, Tony couldn’t deny the hope that blossomed in his chest. All through the rest of the day, Tony felt like a teenager when he met Steve’s glance or happened to interact with him during the training exercises. He chastised himself, but his damned brain wouldn’t leave it alone, like a loose thread on a jacket. He teased it and tugged it.  He left as quickly as the session was over, saying
The mechanical wisp of the Red Knight’s voice shudders through him like a memory of lives once lived in turmoil and pain. The Silver Knight clutches the reins tighter, spots the Gap fast resolving in his sights. It will be only minutes until death comes to claim him. Bless the Soul Keeper and bless his soul. Perhaps the demons will not feast on him tonight.
“It’s blue. There are some clouds. The big puffy ones. The chill off the sea feels right for the sky. The green of the cliff – I don’t know – warms it all in a way.” He touches the back of Tony’s hand and then places the sandwich in his cupped hand. “The sea looks darker than I thought it would, but the sky is a deep blue today.”
His omega strapped himself onto what Tony lovingly calls the punishment pole in the room. It’s near the rack that was made for painful pleasure. The punishmentpole lowers from the ceiling and clamps into the floor. The bindings are above Steven’s head and are fixed – not on chains. His omega only had to slide his hands through the holes and the metal alloy automatically locks down on his wrists. The pole itself is seemingly smooth though at any time Tony can call out a command and barbs braid their way down its surface. The pole’s diameter is at least a third of a meter. At chest level there are nipple clamps that Steven has engaged, they keep him close to the pole in case Tony does activate the spikes. Steven risks extreme pain if he pulls away from the sharp daggers when they slide out from the pole. The nipples clamps don’t allow much wiggle room.
“No.” Tony touches the gland at the omega’s collar bone. The elixir leaks out, as if beckoning him. “You’ll earn it.”
“I’m in Colorado – Colorado Springs. Air Force training. Where are you?” Tony gave him the coordinates. “That’s up in the mountains, at the Continental Divide.”
“I don- I don’t know,” he murmurs and it hurts like a physical wound, stabbed straight to his groin to say it.
For a moment Bruce turned to stone, but then he exhaled a heavy breath. “Just try not to alert the other guy.”
“That’s a surprise,” Tony said. He settled back down into Steve’s embrace. “I just figured you like to do a routine, that you didn’t have time for stuff like that.”
“How you doing, cowboy?” Tony asks. His voice is slightly louder. Gratefully, Steve notes it doesn’t pierce through his brain this time.
“What? You tear up the place and then take a relaxing bath afterward?” Tony said as he watched Bruce take a second towel that he held and dry his hair.
“JARVIS patch Richards through,” Tony says and then gestures to Bruce, offering him coffee. Bruce declines with a wave of his hand. He settles down on the stool at the kitchen island.
“Gonna interrupt my studies again?” Steve works himself in and then slides almost all the way out. He waits and then rams back in again. Tony’s mumbles something incoherent in return. Again Steve teases and then pushes and then slams against Tony. Tony cries out. He needs more, he wants more.
He supposes he should check in with Natasha; she’s probably had a report from Wanda by now. Just as he’s about to tap his implant, JARVIS interrupts, “Mer Rogers, the Widow’s Brothel is requesting a conference with you. They request either you come to the Brothel or that you do a visual conference.”
He doesn’t look back as he opens the door and enters the transport building to the monorail. He heads directly to the ticket station, waves his pass, and the man behind the counter nods to him. He gets on the next train, settles into a seat, watches as the jungle speeds by and he leaves all the rest of himself behind.
“Then we do this,” Steve said. He nodded more to himself than to anyone of them. The soul pack’s bonds vibrated, and Tony felt a slight murmuring like an echo from Steve. Each member’s bond aligned with Steve’s core. Tony’s own core bolstered Steve’s astral projection as his soul strengthened and reinforced it. “We’re not jumping in without a plan.” He turned to Hill. “What intel do we have? Location, the buildings, the security.”
“Ah, I walked right into that one. What can I do for you? Do you need me to get Natasha on the line?” Scott asks.
Steve bats Tony away. “I don’t know what’s got into you, but you need to clean up. Your schedule has you at a meet of the Lacrosse teams in the Gravity bowl in less than an hour.”
That doesn’t jive with the idea of Steve being Captain America, but maybe it does. Maybe he knows some really old guy that’s sick. That would make sense. “I’m sorry to hear that. Do you see him a lot?”
No one confronted them as they eased their way into the garage bay. He didn’t spot Natasha, Bruce or anyone else. His heart raced and pounded in his ears with a nearly distracting beat. He splayed open his hand and then gripped the shield’s straps more firmly. Tony yanked him in the right direction and they ended up in front of a silver and black Audi A7 sedan. Tony pulled him in as soon as they got to the vehicle.
“Oh God, Tony,” Pepper says and rounds the workbench to take him into her arms. And for all the need to not touch anyone ever again, he falls into her embrace like a starving man. The touch vibrates through him and he shivers. She holds him and comforts him and tells him it will be okay. “No wonder, no wonder.”
“If you can’t trust Fury, trust me.” It was never more apparent than at that moment, that Steve Rogers was a stranger to this world. The Howling Commandoes were his team, his partners, his equals, but they also trusted Steve’s word, his intuition, his decisions. With this new life he started from square one and most of the time he didn’t even know where square one was. “You don’t have to worry. Just because I come from the early 20th century, and I seem like the ultimate optimist, I grew up during the Great Depression and cut my teeth during the worst war in history, I do have a tendency to be less than a follower. I will keep you protected. You won’t be forced to be part of SHIELD. You’ll have your freedom, I promise you that.” With that Steve knew it was time to leave. The urge to get out of the Tower, out of the laboratory and back home to that quiet little apartment in Brooklyn overcame him like a compulsion. He rubbed his hands on his pants. “I think it might be time for me to leave. I want to thank you, Bruce, for being patient and realizing this is all new to me.”
“Wait.” Tony takes pity on him. “Here, you hold it like this.” He shows Steve how to manage the fork. “Okay?”
Tony drank in what Bruce said. Evaluate it, assess it, measure it, figure it out. He had been made to do that. His life defined him as a scientist, an engineer, an inventor, a futurist. This was the future, being part of a soul pack. It was one of the reasons that finding acceptance into the Avengers’ soul pack had been so important to him. Not only as part of the team, but the integral brain of the team, understanding their team functionality. As he spoke the Mantra, he let his eyes close again and discovered the fear dropped away as he sank into the words, the core, the soul.
But for some strange reason, right now, he doesn’t. He smiles and agrees to allow Rhodey to look into it for him. At that point, Stane bursts into the room and all hell breaks loose. Tony doesn’t have time to think of the man who gave his life to help Tony save his own, instead he’s in a battle, a war with Stane, trying to convince the man that changing the direction of his business,
“Could it be a glitch?” Steve asks. He might not be savvy on all the technical ins and outs of modern day life, but he knows glitches.
Tony stood on the rooftop, staring down at the skeletal form that had been his shell, his casing. The vampire that hung on the cross next to him was standing next to him. Her hair plaited in a long dark braid, her eyes as dark as jungle rivers.
“Steve?” He searches around all the while a panic flurries through him and he tries to quell it. It’s impossible; it’s like trying to stop blizzard force winds. “Steve?” His voice sounds broken. He’s about to drop down on the bed when Steve steps into the bedroom with a bottle of wine and two glasses.
She rolls her eyes and smiles, that sweet kind of smile only predators use to lure their prey closer. “Tell me, Rogers, do you know which of the Corps is the big bad this time?”
Ruffled, Tony tries not to take it to heart, but it’s more difficult than he wants to admit. They enter the bridge level and here the hustle and bustle of the ship is evident. The bridge stands perched over a series of rooms that serve both as officer rooms and break rooms. A grate ladder with a half dozen steps leads up to the bridge. The rooms are set to the back of the bridge. Tony directs Steven to the bridge. It’s time for a proper introduction of his omega to his Master of the Fleet and Captain to the Avenger.
“The Avengers can eat my shit. Do you think we’re going to be a team and avenging all the time? Do you think this is a cartoon land where evil reptiles and robots will attack New York City all the time? No,” Tony said and tried to quell his rising anger. “No, this is just life. It’s done. I’m done. Let’s go back to Malibu.”
At that something rings true and the only man smiles a toothless grin. “Did that myself long about 1968.” He cashes out Tony all the while extorting about his adventures in the age of Aquarius.
Tony shook his head. “I couldn’t stand it. I wouldn’t stand it. So, I killed them – all of them. Right then. Every part of me became something else. I was electricity. I was more than the lightning that Thor calls on. I was the corona of the sun. I burned them to ashes, but somehow never touched you or anyone with me.”
The omega simply shakes his head and closes his eyes. He jerks into Tony’s hand. For a second, Tony doesn’t act, doesn’t react. But then the omega thrusts hard into his hand and moans a little. With that, Tony works him, knowing full well that a sub-omega will lose a sense of self in the grip of a needy yearning. Yet, Tony’s grateful for it, for the omega sinking into his primal nature and allowing it to hold him. It’s all Tony can really hope for now. They are strangers after all. An emotional bond is something outside the limits of their encounter.
She smirks. “Not telling you. But what you need to tell him is that there’s no way to extract him now, the whole Legion is in flames. The Collapsing Event has occurred. Pierce and his Strike team attacked. The Legion is scattered. Fury sent me in to help stop-.” She pauses and glances back at Steve. “Just know that he can’t stay here much longer. You need to get him out. Get him out and hide him.”
A smile appears on Steven’s face as if surprised by the gesture. He takes the hand, gives Jamison a firm shake, and then says, “Pleasure’s all mine, sir.”
“Let me do something,” Tony says as Steve begins to kiss his way down Tony’s throat. He nibbles and suckles as he kisses. It makes him weak in the knees. His resolve fades.
That drew Tony away from his studies. He jumped up and rounded the desk to place his hand on Steve’s cheek. “You’re colder than I am. You should have stayed in bed. Why are you up?” This was all Tony’s fault. Natasha was right; he’d overfed – again.  Steve swayed on his feet as Tony grasped his arm. “Shit, we need to get you back to the bedroom.”
“Because it allows the Omega to dedicate his or her life completely to the alpha. Don’t you think we do that already? Don’t you think our minds and bodies compel us to do that already? Did you have to take everything away from us?” Steven says and there’s hurt in his eyes.
With a great heave, Steve leaps toward the stone wall of the entrance to the maze only to be thrown backward. The electric shock shivers through him and he gasps for breath, trying hard not to vomit from the pain. The world shutters around him and he gags, throwing himself to the side. He vomits bile and tastes the acidity in his mouth. A coppery tang follows it. He gets to his hands and knees and pants through the pain. It’s not a normal shock; he’s been hit before more than once. This feels more like a straight repulsor fire dialed directly into his heart. He grunts and sways back and forth trying to ease the ache in his chest. Finally, he tumbles down to sit and curls his arms around his knees.
“Captain Rogers sustained a significant penetrating wound to the lower abdomen that pierced through his uteri sacs. If we don’t remove them soon, then infection may set in. Since the serum hasn’t helped heal the sacs, I’m afraid it might not ward off a potential infection either.” The doctor waits. She has that look of a teacher who’s frustrated with an irascible child.
As consciousness scratched its way back, his body ached with need. He grumbled but then something hard and large blocked the sound. He tried to bite down and the rubber of the ball gag stopped him. Steve blinked away the crud in his eyes. He groaned as his cock thickened. He tried to place what was going on, but a headache arced through his brain, bringing tears to his eyes. The pain streaked through his temple and into his cheekbone, piercing it like an ice pick, but at the same time his body responded to an erotic touch. He groaned around the gag and tried to focus.
“I do not know, sir, but you can ask him yourself. He has requested permission to see Doctor Banner.”
Bucky snarls at him and then the whole of crew of zombies attack Steve. Without thought, he dashes down a pathway in the maze, not having time to mark his way. He turns and cuts toward the left and then runs through the long tunnel to the next crossroads, making a split second decision toward the right. These aren’t zombies at all, they’re keeping up with Steve, nearly over taking him. The memory of fighting Ultron’s crew of killer robots pops up. It’s all about overwhelming the enemy with Ultron – there’s no real plan. No real strategy. It’s a realization Steve can use, but right now, he doesn’t have the time to exploit it with the gang on his heels. He looks up at the walls. How far of a leap is it? Could he make the rim? Is the top electrified as well? Can he just get over the wall?
“No.” Tony wills it to be true. “No, it happened but then you jumped back in time. It split realities. That’s how this works. You can’t change your past, not the memories.  Those events happened to you. But somehow or another when they trapped the Ornari in the singularity, you split? We’re not sure. You’re both in the singularity and not. It’s your past and not. I’m sorry I can’t make it any clearer than that.”
“Me? There wasn’t an attempt on my life, Happy.” Steve dismisses Happy’s concern with a pat on his arm. “It’s something we have to deal with as Escorts all the time.”
The woman looks stricken as if someone’s come and told her that her children all died suddenly. She shakes her head and folds up her stethoscope. Looking at Steve, her expression tells him everything he needs to know. The pity feels like slap in the face. He turns away from her as she climbs to her feet.
Natasha visited him in his self-imposed exile in his workshop. Bruce trailed after her but, as usual, he stayed in the corners, jittery as all hell. “We have a problem.”
“Christ,” Tony said and settled at the foot of the bed. That seemed wrong. From the many different times he’d visited Tony in the dream space, there had been an intimacy that extended to the emotional, not only the physical. For Tony to sit far away, with his back partially to Steve felt odd, wrong, off. “Couldn’t afford it anymore?”
“JARVIS, JARVIS!” Tony grabs for Steve at the same time, he tries to free himself from the seatbelt. It’s impossible, and he beats back the air bag to get at Steve. Something’s in his eyes and he shakes as he pounds on the last of the cushion from the airbag. “Damn it, get the ambulance.”
She pushes past him and goes immediately to Steve, kneeling at his bedside. “Damn it, Rogers, look what happens when I go on a little trip to Budapest.”
He wasn’t aware that Stark had a home in town. “Hmm, yeah sure.” Instantly, he feels underdressed even in the middle of a barn. “I’ll tie up my horse and-.”
He could have Steven whipped and beaten for it. He could turn the collar on and cause him agony. Instead, Tony pursued a different tactic. “So you believe this. That society caused you harm based on your biology?”
“You are a little shit, aren’t you?” Tony leans over enough and Steve snatches a handhold of his uniform, dragging him into the massive bathtub. He lands with a fierce splash, soaking the floor around them and sputtering as he breaks the surface of the bubbles. Steve laughs delightedly.  Tony grumbles, “You’ve ruined my uniform.”
The nurse comes for Tony. It takes a moment for Tony to find his composure, but he nods and exhales. “I’m ready.”
When they walk into one of Tony’s favorite delis, Steve pants a few times as if he’s just run a few marathons in a row. He faces Tony and the tense look melts away as he smiles. “Let’s get a table.”
With a steady hand on his legs, Tony stops him. “If you think this is good, wait until you feel it when I move.”
“You didn’t have to do that,” Steve said. He wasn’t even relaxing. Still straight backed, still stiff like rigor mortis just set in.
The crank of the gate slowly opened, but Steve couldn’t hold on; he couldn’t wait. A line of V-Corps SUVs raced after them. He threw the clutch into high gear and hit the pedal to the floor. The Audi leapt toward the gate, kicking up the gravel and burning the pavement as he dunked down and thundered through the wire fencing with the small sign on it warning of private property and that all trespassers would be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. The gate scraped over the hood of the car, breaking the windshield, cracking it. The glass shattered as the gate caught on the road, tugged, and then flung away from the car. The shards of glass hit Steve in the face and he used his arm to shield himself as much as possible.
Steve pauses to listen, but again nothing answers him. He steps down the staircase with caution, though. Walking through the living room, he opens the front door and stands on the porch. The eerie silence unsettles him. The corn growing on tall stalks remains still and frozen as if Ultron expects no one to explore this area. Leaving the porch, he goes to the side of the house to retrieve the backpack.
“I have to see if I can get him cleared. He’s scheduled for termination.” Pep considers Tony for a long moment. “You’re really going to do this? He’s an enemy of the Council of Worlds. He nearly destroyed the Council back in his day. He’s been in stasis for a reason. You really think walking with him at your side will impress anyone at the Council?”
“Fuck me and all the tension will leave. You’ll feel a lot better,” Tony urges and pulls out the tube of lube. “Right now, right here.”
The doctor insists on examining both Tony and Steve. A full bloodwork panel is performed on them as they sit in a SHIELD hospital in Manhattan. Tony wants to get back home to Malibu. He doesn’t want anything to do with the medical field day the doctors and nurses are prescribing. They take his blood and do a physical – other than that Tony won’t allow them further study.
What would they think of him? How would they judge him? How would his childhood hero judge him? Letting them in and letting them know his weaknesses - no. That could not be.
As Steve finishes testing the stew, he looks up from his spoon and says, “Do you want to start a fire. We can sit in the living room and eat, maybe?” Tony looks at the stone fireplace with the big fake fur rug in front of it. As if completely innocent, Steve ladles the stew into the big stoneware bowls as he says, “Right in front of the fire. It would almost be like we were camping out.”
Pepper stopped before she replied as if she needed to calculate the specifics. “I can’t say down to the day, or even how long before he was brought to this facility. But he’s been here since 1977.”
“Hasn’t everyone?” Sam says and taps the table to get Steve’s attention. “Listen, I know you, I understand what you’ve been through. But you have to be careful of men like Tony Stark. He grew up different from, well, you.”
Huddled close to Tony are other security guards. Most of them are engaged in keeping the paparazzi at bay and only allow a small number of people close to Tony. Steve surmises it makes things easier this way for Tony to continue his charade. Right now, only Pepper is next to Tony as they stand only three steps to the stage. The lights briefly dim in the room, signifying people should be taking their places at the tables. Appetizers and cocktails are over.
“You’ve held them off, but you need to get more of the sectors and regions to put in their fair share. What about Asgard?” Steve asks.
Tony’s brain goes into hyperdrive and he takes his shirt pushing it into the water and then dabbing it on the wounds. It doesn’t matter the venom has already done its damage. “No. You healed fast before. Remember the burrs? I plucked them out and you were fine. The next day, you were fine. Do that again. Don’t leave me.” He sobs, the words mutilated by his weeping. “Don’t leave me. You shouldn’t have done that. Blu. I’m not worth it. I’m not-.”
Without ceremony, Tony bared his teeth as his fangs grew prominent and he bit down. He latched onto Steve and curled his leg around him as he salivated with the first taste of the salty blood. It enriched and enlivened him.  He heard a gasp from Steve as he went rigid from the first injection of the paralytic agent from Tony’s fangs. It suffused through Steve’s body and caused him to freeze and his body to arch into Tony’s bite. As Tony sank deeper into the flesh, teasing Steve’s nipple with his tongue, his fangs released the anti-toxin as his body recognized the sweet taste of his mate. With a slight whine and a sob of relief, Steve shuddered against Tony and then as they lay entwined, his erection pressed against Tony’s leg. The nectar of Steve’s enhanced blood streamed over his tongue, a feast of sweetly, salt tinged with metal so grand that Tony’s whole body vibrated with need. He felt the warmth return to his bones, his extremities reinvigorated. If he had a heart in his chest, it would race to meet the one beating against his hand, pressed so firmly against Steve’s opposite pectoral muscle. The rapidity of Steve’s heart sent shivers through Tony. Steve’s hardness against his thigh delighted him and his own body responded in kind. While a vampire didn’t come the way a human did, there were other desirous ways to find his fruition with his mate.
Tony presses a hand to his chest, swallowing several times while his face drains of color. He manages to say, “Too much excitement for one day.”
At that Bruce stood up from the chair he’d settled on when Stark left. “Come on in back. We can have some tea and talk.” He led Steve from the laboratory down a hallway that passed for a kitchenette and then to a sitting area that overlooked the cityscape. It was grand. That’s all Steve could think. He walked right up to the windows and gazed out. New York City had always meant so much to Steve. It meant home. It meant America. But now he knew that was a false illusion. The United States was something – an amalgamate of ideas and places. New York City only reflected a tiny portion. How could he, as Captain America, symbolize them all? Should he symbolize all of them? His heart ached for something simpler. At least the war had been simple in its way. Painted a kind of black and white. Sure there was the gray – internment camps, segregated troops. Yet, the overall focus on the good and the evil – that was simple, and in that he understood how to symbolize America.
“Well, not to brag but I’m pretty phenomenal with the har- with a pencil. Yes, I draw, a lot. Tons. I’m very good at it.” He shuts up because at least he’s not lying but he shouldn’t be revealing what he does over the Boundaries to keep busy.
Even now, she worked the dimensions around her. The shadows shifted and shaped into doorways. He still wanted to know why she could just step through, why she didn’t just bring them with her. She seemed to read his mind and shook her head. “You’d be torn apart.”
“I have to believe it,” Steve said slowly and quietly. “I have to believe they are. Otherwise, what kind of world are we living in?”
Over the din he hears JARVIS trying to call him, but it is all happening too fast and Tony’s moving in slow motion as the rest of the world speeds up. He must move because he finds himself in the foyer of his house watching Steve get into a black SUV. Fury is standing next to the vehicle, his features locked in that ever stoic gaze. He gives no pause and sweeps into the SUV alongside Steve.
The hood falls back, and that horrible creature is revealed. Steve has known soldiers and others with facial deformities, Tony has facial burns. Those are not horrors, those are injuries. Red Skull is something else entirely. The serum amplifies what’s inside and therefore the results of it shows who Johann Schmidt always has been.
Clint hesitates and then with a long sigh says, “Steve didn’t want to run again; he wanted to stay here. But Rumlow found him. It’s not going to be good. You have to go to him. Nat tried to work it, but she couldn’t. You have to go to him.”
Instead of staying, Steve left and spent the rest of the day making arrangements for the whole pack sans Peggy to attend the meeting tomorrow morning. It meant getting Sam to New York City. It wasn’t a difficult task, but he felt like he was intruding on his friend’s daily life.
“Pepper said that we’re to call her directly. She’ll get medical help here as soon as possible,” Vision says.
Tony laughs. “Well it’s a good thing I don’t sell weapons. But just in case, let’s make sure to get under their skin a little more. Tell them Stark Industries plans to sponsor Pride month and donate to a bunch of different organizations.”
For a moment, Steve’s confused, because he’d thought Tony had planned to reciprocate but now he’s eyeing Steve with an intensity that burns through him, sets the throbbing of his blood to a new pitch. The heat of the room, of his blood melts all other thought.
A crack of red lightning splits the black around them, highlighting the Red Skull’s pitted eyes. It is almost time; the bindings dig into his flesh, tearing it from bone and muscle. He only has this one chance to save them all – even if it doesn’t save him.
Tony points to the machine but doesn’t tell him. Clint doesn’t seem moved by the fact they have a new painting dressing the walls. He only seems interested in his lack of matching pajamas and the surgical tape on his fingers.
They both jerk in response to the intrusion of their conversation. In the corner of the recessed hallway, Vision appears. He’s not like other characters of the virtual reality. He’s translucent and flickering. “I have very little time. Wanda brought me into your minds. She doesn’t know how long she can manipulate both of you at the same time without Ultron sensing her and me.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Richards puts his index finger up to indicate to wait.  Freak ass long finger if anyone asked Tony. “Here we go. Right here.” He triggers it.
“Shush. Try not to speak. You nearly died or passed beyond our help. Now drink the soup. It’s little more than broth but it will help your throat.” She lays a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Putting his glass down and tilting his head, he said, “Would you like to show me a little bit more about that attitude?”
“You had an Air Force Colonel to help and about a billion dollars in armor support,” Natasha came back. She thumbed it back to Pepper. “Plus from what I heard you had hot Pepper here, too.”
“I can’t,” Steve said. He needed to get his head in gear and get Sam out of the room. He had to think this through, figure out what the hell was going on with his astral projection and with the entire soul pack. So he settled. When he eyed Sam, Steve stopped his complaints. He buried them, letting out only calm waves along the bonds.For now. “I can’t believe it, that’s all. Tony hasn’t exactly been a great member of the team.”
He sits back down on the blanket, relaxing as Tony stops prying. Hanging his head and bending his knees, Steve curls in on himself as he mutters. “Not much to tell.”
Tony clears his throat before he answers, and Steve stops his exploration but doesn’t release his hold. “I don’t think it will work like that on a macro level, but I do think it means our souls revolve around one another. A kind of push and pull, looping around one another.”
“I would suggest that you use Stark and Barnes as your markers. They would be closest to Captain Rogers,” Strange directed.
They sit quietly for a while, Tony still touching him, grounding him to this strange and awful place.
“Is there a mole?” Steve supplies. “I can’t believe the first, Tony. I’ve read about your exploits, your strategies, the tactics you’ve used. Yes, they’re bold and unconventional, but truly they’ve saved the day so many times.”
“Jarvis is playing mother hen mixed with a mafia godfather.” Tony manages a distinct glare of his own at his butler. Jarvis just waves it off and excuses himself. “You’ll have to excuse him. He’s a little touchy over this. We have to broaden my circle of people who know. He agrees he’s just -.”
“The pain,” Tony said and reached out, nearly blind with the anguish, to steady himself on the side table as he stood up. “What’s going on?”
He just waves her off because he doesn’t know the answer to that one. As he stands at the entrance, Tony listens to the birds singing around him. The air is fresh, and he can hear the sounds of the pond with its mini-waterfall. Everything around him is created and beautiful and all he can think of is whether or not he’s worth it. As a young man he burned through life but he had a safety net. He knew his father would never abandon him or disinherit him. There was no way his father could. Tony had the courage to be free and experience life because he had the money, the status, and the caste to do just that. And now, now he’s questioning everything. Maybe it was his youthful dalliances with the other side that’s causing his doubts and increasing his anxiety.
“No, no we can’t. But Tony has to deal with it as a burden, every day.”  Her demeanor changes, seems more like the moments before Ultron forced her to whip him, hit him repeatedly, lashed his face. She searches his eyes as if in resolution to find the answer she seeks. “You have to understand, what Tony’s doing now. Who he’s with now, is because he can’t be with you. He can’t.”
“A coincidence. Haven’t you ever heard from them?” Tony says and pats Steve on the arm, hoping he’ll keep quiet until they get on the jet to California. “Where’s Happy with your clothes.”
That startles Tony and, for a long moment, only shame fills him. What he just did was not consensual, not in the cleanest fashion of the word. Consent though is a different beast between a prime alpha and a sub omega. “I cannot apologize. As I will not apologize when I take you and bond with you. I am almost near my urgency. In fact, let’s get this over with – I am in my urgency. You’re my omega now. My mother was Aria Carbonelli which, from your reaction, I know you remember her. There’s nothing to stop this now.”
One thing hit Tony harder than the actual fact that his parents didn’t simply die in a car accident but were murdered by a WWII assassin, and that was the link. “But you gave the Winter Soldier a bond. You threaded him into the pack. You called him Brother. He’s forever my fucking Brother because of you.” No thought formed in his head. He wrenched the bond between them and twisted it, contorting it until he saw tears form in Steve’s eyes. He wanted Steve to understand, to know how horrible the idea, the concept was that he would be forever linked to someone that killed his mother. “Brother! You called him brother. And you knew about this last night. When we went to the wreck, when you came-.” He stopped speaking and just let the rage boil over him.
“Yeah, hook, line, and sinker,” Steve said with a smile. “She was everything to me. And she made the fears go away. The anxieties, the questions.”
“The serum could enhance the feeding gland. It could change everything,” Ross said and snickered. “Ages ago I longed for a way to save someone close to me. Maybe you heard the story from that sniveling vampire, Bruce? If I’d had the serum, I could have saved her. Everything would have been different then.”
They’re wet and the wind has a decided chill to it. It might be the end of August but here Autumn has crept up on them and made its mark. Hesitantly, Steve reaches out and Tony grasps his hand. It’s so innocent and simple but it sends a shiver of pleasure through Steve. Walking through the dewy morning grasses wets their pajamas and Steve’s feet are positively frozen. When they get in the house, Tony’s talking about lighting a fire and Steve’s trying not to shiver. How did they stay outside so long and not freeze to death? He laughs inwardly but his face must betray him because Tony grins at him and kisses his cheek.
Steve smiles, sardonic and cold. “You’d think a soldier would love poker, but see, I didn’t grow up as a soldier. I grew up as a sick kid. Chess was always my game.”
His hands shook as he went to retrieve a mug from the cupboard. She pushed him aside and got a chipped ‘I heart NYC’ mug and ripped open the bag to pour the cold blood into it. He’d stayed out too long last night. Maybe because he wanted to see the sun, maybe because he missed his mate. Just as he raised the mug to his lips, the front door slammed open and the Captain of the V-Corps marched into the rowhouse.
He scans the underground garage and spots the helmets for the motorcycle. This is all kinds of wrong, he knows that, but he cannot say no to Tony. Everything from this point forward in his life will be centered on Tony. His fulcrum, his true North, Steve finally comprehends the idea of it. What it all means. It’s as if he’s walked through an envelope separating his old life from the new one – the present one. He never wants to go back. This is where he belongs. He squeezes Tony’s hand and brings him along as he grabs the helmets.
“Well, the point is getting a good Omega.” he says and starts down the ramp. She catches his arm and throws a jacket at him. Catching it, he notices for the first time she’s wearing a rain cape. It’s sleek and gray and makes her look at like all the orphans from the Lanes.
“No. It’s a work in progress. Everything you’re doing is awe inspiring. The world shouldn’t lose that.” Steve’s tone is earnest and pleading. The gulls are cawing, crying out, in the background, giving credence to his speech.
Hope seems to be Scott’s girlfriend and so that always confuses Steve because she’s one of the workers too. She commands the room when she enters it and rolls her eyes at all of Scott’s jokes. Both Hope and Sharon spend a lot of time outside the brothel exploring the station. There’s a lot to offer in the station and once in a while they invite Steve along. They like the specialty shops with fragrant foods and rich sugary desserts.
“Stupid name for a horse, if you ask me.” Bucky replies but he places a hand on Steve shoulder, careful of the wound dressing. “Rest, I have some telegraphs to send.”
Happy hands over a tablet produced from his inner pocket. It’s small, larger than Tony’s hand, but not quite as big as the standard tablets. He taps a few times and then satisfied, nods to Steve. “Have at it.”
He should have been back by now. Tony should have gone with him, but then he looks down at his withered hand. He’ll never be Iron Man again. He can’t even lift his arm; his shoulder joint is toast. Half of his face is frozen by the burn with abraded skin and scar tissue. He can barely move his face on one side, the sight in one eye is compromised. He’ll never be Iron Man again, but that doesn’t matter to him. Nothing matters to him except the empty platform as they wait.
“There has to be another. You didn’t come here to save us if you didn’t have a way to get out of here.”
“Cagey is more like it. He would make a better spy than a General to tell you the truth. He has his ways though, always getting information from places and people who’d never suspect,” Tony says and then they step out onto the Concourse, but on the level with the more expensive shops. “This way I would think.” He leads Steve toward some of the shops that had previously denied him service. Tony notices Steve’s reluctance. “Stop fidgeting. And stop pulling at your collar. You look divine. Just act the part.”
Shaking his head, Bruce says, “Lots of people come out West to get away from the repression of the East. I would think you would appreciate that.”
Steve relaxed, letting his arms and fists drop to his sides as Natasha entered the gym. The work day was over, so she was dressed casually. High brown leather boots over black jeans with a t-shirt to match. A light beige jacket over it wouldn’t keep the cold out, but it was spring and DC was warming nicely with the cherry blossoms nearly at their peak.
“It says here that telling anyone including family anything that pertains to Mister Stark directly leads to termination of the contract and injunction.”
“Sinful?” Steve barks back. “Sinful? To know the truth of what you’ve been doing all these years. How long has it been? How many souls have you consumed and erased from existence because of your hunger, your greed and want for power? This isn’t going to end well for you.”
“When you went missing, he kept looking for you. Did you know that? He abandon the entire war effort much to his business partner’s chagrin. It caused quite a stir.” Stark removes his hand and picks up the plate of bacon. He serves more of it to Steve. “Eat up.”
When they change again, Steve’s nervous – his heart racking him in his chest. Tony eases against him and Steve lets the music of the sea overtake him again. It isn’t about the music, the ocean, or the waves. It’s this simple thing, this intimacy, this body pressed against his, these hands clasped in his, this shared moment. Over the smell of sea salt, Tony fragrance lingers in the air and Steve finds himself lulled by it. He bows his head and breathes in. The curls of Tony’s hair, the crown of his head only centimeters away from Steve’s lips. Tony seems comfortable in Steve’s embrace, their bodies fitting together.
Was it like a mind link? Could he call out to Bruce? He knew the bond transferred information subconsciously and that might not always be for the best. He needed to learn how to control that so he concentrated on the stash of papers that referenced transference of mind images and communication. From what he could gather, Bruce’s announcement of using
She had a large walking stick and it thumped on the tiled mosaic floor. “You are looking for peace, Captain. You will not find it here. You have done yourself a disservice. You have cut yourself off from the world. And the world needs you now more than ever.”
“It’s not that. It is, but it isn’t,” Tony says. “I don’t think I can’t explain it, but the seizure. It felt like the air around him – it crackled? I don’t know. Maybe I’m making this up now when I think back on it.”
Tony bites back his words. He wants to examine what’s happened, take it apart, put it back together again, find out how it all works. When he looks at Steve, he sees a man, not his Blu, but then when their eyes meet something flips down deep and Tony tears his gaze away.
“Something about information, sharing, and you mentioned me – a lot. I didn’t expect you to crush on me so soon, Captain.” Tony doesn’t look up as he works, threading the wires into the shallow cylinder he’s holding.
“Maybe, maybe we should set up the bed?” Tony smiled up at Steve and he looked younger, almost innocent in his request. They, together, meant something to Tony and that made it all worth it to Steve.
Sam walked over to Steve. “You of all people know the answer to the question, Steve. You. Not Captain America. And I, for one, think it’s high time you realized it.” He considered Steve and when he didn’t speak, Sam nodded. “I’m not waiting around for you to figure it out.”
“Then make love to me, Tony. Because I know – even though you try and deny it every day – I know you love me.”
Over the course of the next few days they worked on their battle patterns as Avengers, though the soul pack interaction came with more difficulty. With the Iron Legion as their enemy, Tony had fashioned a vest for each of them to wear. The Legion would target the vest with lasers, much like simple laser tag, but the vest was more complicated and advanced. One hit didn’t necessarily mean dead, but it would mean different injuries. It wasn’t easy getting the injuries to transfer along the soul bonds. Steve and Natasha had been on missions for SHIELD where he could tell if she had an injury long before she admitted it.  The soul pack worked for zeroing in on intentions and locations, but with the Legion not using lethal force they were falling behind on backing each other up and circling the wagons.
“Like I said, the loss of Peggy is more than the loss of our Guide. She was Steve’s last connection to the other life he had – if you don’t count Barnes.”
“But you’re in the Iron Man armor again,” Pepper had said and glared at him. It had been one of those icy stares that set fear in his heart a million times over. “Maybe I should just confess that I know who Iron Man is.”
Even though Steve had taken a hired car out to the wreckage site, Tony decided to offer him a way home. “Come on, I’ve give you a lift.” Tony pointed to his boot. “Step on the boot. There’s a hand hold on the opposite shoulder. Grab it.”
“Whatever,” Frigga says and continues, “He needs to see the truth of who the Soul Keeper is. Once he does, then we can free the realm of the Soul Keeper’s presence and all the souls trapped here.”
Slipping out of the bed, Steve picked up his clothes and tossed them in the laundry. He still wore his uniform pants. Going to the en suite, he threw cold water on his face and shivered. The echo of the pain danced in his head and he gripped the edge of the sink. He thought he might be sick, the need to throw up powerful. He leaned over the sink and vomited bile. After he rinsed his mouth, the dry heaves followed. He stayed in the bathroom, hunched over the sink, holding the sides of the counter until he thought the granite would crack. Finally, the episode passed, and he mustered the strength to clean up and then he left the bedroom to find his way to his floor and change his clothes after a long shower.
Steve smiles as he takes the pan off the stove and pours the burnt milk down the drain. He sighs heavily, but Tony lets it pass. Processing a major shift, a paradigm shift, in thinking shouldn’t be coddled or downplayed. He needs time and Tony intends to give it to him. Tony finishes the sandwiches as Steve cleans the scorched milk off the bottom of the pan.
“To capture you,” Tony said, and blood tears glimmered in his eyes. “I did this – I caused it. You’re too weak.”
“I can’t build a missile,” Steve says and he rubs a little too hard as his mind runs in circles trying to find a way out of his situation. Fury truly did fuck him over this time.
The dreams turn, of course. Dark, hollow, and angry filled with remorse and pain. He sees a world of ashes – people blowing into ashes before him and knows he’s lost. As a warrior, the Silver Knight, should never lose. But in these dreams, he’s not the Silver Knight. He’s a hero with a shield of red, white, and blue. A star sits on his chest and he fights to do right. But he fails.
“Oh,” Tony says and feels like the proverbial kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. “Oh, I. Hmm.” He looks down at himself as if he expects to find the jar and said cookie. He snaps back to attention and stares at Bruce, looking for an anchor.
“Will Tony see it that way?” Steve asks and then silence falls between them. How the silence echoes in the room, Steve will never know but it feels like the pressure in an aircraft deafening and empty.
“See, even there it sounds like my father,” Tiberius says. “I know a little about what happened to you. I have some of my father’s records. Thankfully, Tony doesn’t remember any of it.”
His eyes tear but Steve nods. Tony hands him a paper towel and then retrieves the water pitcher from the refrigerator. He pours a glass of water and slides it over to Steve, who sniffles in response and then downs the entire glass.
The defunct machinery surrounding him provides cover but also obscures his view of the place. He hunches over because he has no idea who might be watching. Soundlessly, he moves forward and strains to hear anything, any clue of what or whom he might be facing. He goes deeper into the dark and needs to slide his feet along the floor after he nearly trips over a piece of equipment. Cursing, he shuffles forward but keeps his head down. As he continues forward he seriously considers whether or not he's lost his mind. He's not a fucking super hero. What does he think he's doing? He's not in the Air Force like Rhodey. He might manufacture weapons but he doesn't use them. Then he thinks about the men outside and realizes that's no longer true. Going forward he almost passes a small office near the back of the far wall of the factory until he spots the light leaking from under the door. He cocks his ear and hears murmuring.
“I don’t think that there’s anything to really say.” Steve keeps his mind a million miles away. He doesn’t want to fall back to Earth and the realities of its shadowed days.
Rumlow stopped his work on the mask and flipped the round mouthpiece open. “Easy peasy, right o4. You want some food?” Rogers shook his head. He fucking looked starved but still he answered no. What the hell? “We just tube it down its throat once a day. It’s got a formula it eats. Gives it enough nutrients to keep the blood rich enough for harvest.”
The prince leans in and kisses his temple. “They don’t have to. Stay with me for the entire time I’m on the Station.”
He should learn. He finished his shower and jumped out. Slinging a towel around his shoulder and another around his waist, Steve went to the bedroom. He dried and put both towels in the laundry bin and then pulled out his boxers and sleeping pants. Settling into bed, he thought about that horrible dinner with Tony. He needed to put it to rest. Regardless of his fantasy life, Tony couldn’t even stand being around Steve long enough to eat a decent dinner. The man left as soon as he found an excuse. It had been Steve’s fault – after all he could barely speak to Tony either. When he met Tony’s gaze, it bored into his soul and read every dirty little secret.
Tony jumps away. A man – a naked man – is standing in front of him – where Blu laid only moments before dead. He puts his hand up as if he has the gauntlet on it, but he cast it aside when Blu saved him from the snake.
Tony grumbles under his breath. He’s tired of the formalities. He shouldn’t be – outside of the presentation suite they were not friends, not lovers. But that’s Estane’s words – he recalls. Does it have to be that way? He cannot answer what he wants. Nevertheless, he says, “Do we have to be so formal?”
Bucky has to finish this off, he’s doesn’t have time to squander. The dampness of the area tells him that he’s getting further underground, which is a good thing. According to the schematic he briefly reviewed in the Tower, the prison block is somewhere in the southwest corner of the basement. He heads in that direction. No resistance. Which could be a good thing or a bad thing – he’s not certain.  Following the stench of moisture, mildew, and mold, he doesn’t falter as he starts to pick up the faintest stench of human excrement. This has to be the prison block – and however the prisoners have been kept it is little better than animals. He curses as he thinks of Steve locked into a cell living under such conditions for over a year.
I wanted to do a story where SHIELD decided to manipulate a recovering Steve. He wakes up but they tell him he has a TBI and his memories are wrong. So this was really an identity story but it's Steve who doesn't know who he is and has his doubts.
Mates were difficult to attract because the human V-Corps harassed the vampire population all the time. During the last human vampire war, each side recognized the futility of a protracted battle for dominance. Humans died or were turned, and vampires went hungry or burned due to what had been misnamed the Blight. Tony read all about the histories of the wars as a human child. According to his vampire clan, Tony counted as a child barely out of the toddler stage as a vampire. He’d never wanted to join the undead but then Yinsen had no choice. The old vampire saved Tony’s life by taking it. He never held a grudge against Yinsen; how could he? The old vampire gave his life for Tony. Gave over the last of his blood to turn Tony and allow him the means to escape the terrorists who wanted to go far beyond the extremes of a war to eradicate the undead. He’d only been a part of the family of the undead for a little over ten years. Yet it only took four of those years to find his human mate.
The clock ticks. A distance sound to his ears. Tony waits. Like a widow of a seafarer waiting for a sailor to return, but it isn’t a sailor but a soldier. He waits. His one hand clenches over the other, the wounded one, the one that will never work again. He shivers as he waits.
“You don’t. We just did, and I drank my fill,” Tony said and placed the glass to the side. “You should drink the water too. You’re going to get dehydrated.” Like a moth to the flame, Tony sidled onto the bed. His whole being longed to be in Steve’s arms, encompassed by them. Steve read his thoughts and gathered Tony in his arms.
Biting his sandwich, Steve shakes his head. “Nope.” His mouth is full, but he manages not to make a mess.
Later that day, they’re working in the lab on the ground level of the house. Instead of going line by line through the code, Tony has him fabricating a 3D new model of his smart streets platform. It’s not the real thing but Tony wants to be able to feel it and get a good sense of how each ‘brick’ will interlock with its cousin. Steve works at the computer terminal, checking the 3D printing processes over again as he gears up for the final segments to be manufactured. After the 3D printer finishes, Steve needs to intercalate the pieces and then fuse them with the computer processor pieces. It’s delicate work that Tony told him really needs to be done in a clean room, but since they don’t have that, Steve is going to wear a biocontamination suit with gloves and a helmet.
“They played that up in the movies, you know,” Tony had said as he placed a plate of steak, rare, in front of Steve. They were holed up in one of Tony’s safe houses outside of Baltimore. It was one of his smaller houses, but the people he paid to maintain it did a good job. They not only managed the grounds but lived there as well. They were in the main house and Tony took the guess house. A small two story house with all the luxury and none of the focus on the property.
The alpha strokes his cock and teases his nipples until Steve beseeches the man for release. When he’s allowed to come, the pain is almost too much to bear, too much to find pleasure in. He blacks out for seconds and then comes back to himself with the alpha over him, jerking himself off and laying ribbons of come all over Steve’s face and chest. Steve laps it up, like a dog in need of water. He throws himself into the primitive needs of his brain and body and revels in it. He wants to stay there forever. Pretending the rest of the world does not exist. But he’s feeling the heat slowly ebb away. It’s almost gone now. He’s almost free of it, and he mourns its loss.
“I’m sorry, Mister Stark, but if you are going to upset the patient, I might need to ask you to leave.”
That zinger hurt when it hit true. He held his position though, staying a few meters from her and leaning up against the newly installed rails along the lounge area. “But SHIELD left it to fester, and little old me had to save the day.”
