It was Tony who broke the kiss.  He finally pulled back, staring wide-eyed up at Steve.  His lips were swollen and red, slightly parted, his hands still holding on to Steve’s collar for purchase.
“Yeah, well.  Whatever. Party’s lame.  I was bored,” Tony said, frowning slightly with confusion and blinking owlishly up at Steve.  He swished a hand through the air, then his mouth twisted then, eyes narrowing. “Well, if you’re not part of Obie’s Little Boy Lost fantasy fulfillment department, that does beg the question what, exactly, you
“There’s always a trail.  You’ll find it,” Steve said with all the confidence in the world, the way probably only Steve could.
“Are you…sure?  I mean, really sure, because he never said…I mean why would he even think…” Steve trailed off, trying not to get his hopes up again.  He didn’t think he could take much more disappointment.
“Judge Dredd,” Tony quipped.
“Nonsense. Everyone likes me,” Danen replied, lifting his chin and giving Steve a haughty look.  “I get a mark on my skin for everyone I entertain, didn’t you know?” he quipped, freckled face spreading into a wide grin.  “Perhaps Zola will add yours to his collection?  And we will see what keeps the King’s attention so well, eh?”
“Sure, I--why not?” Steve replied.  A frisson of unease wound down his spine, but he couldn’t find any reason for it.  True, Brock’s friends were loud and often pretty coarse, especially when they drank, but they weren’t terrible people or anything.  Rollins had even given Steve a job after he got fired from his last one.  And they
“It’s February.  In New York,” Steve reminded him after a long pause.
“Shhh,” Steve said again, this time, the warm puff of air covering Tony’s exposed hole.
“Normally, that wouldn’t be the reaction I was hoping for,” Steve admitted, raising his eyebrows and looking heavenward.
“It isn’t nonsense. He can do it.  I’m sorry if that thought terrifies you, but it’s Tony’s company.  I know he’d appreciate your support,” Steve said, not really meaning it, “But he doesn’t need it.”   He turned to head for the door.
“Yes,” the alien--Steve--said.  “It will work.”
“Going to need the cash up front,” the man said with an air of warning.
It wasn’t long before the tremors wracking Steve’s body grew stronger, and Tony felt a gush of liquid coat his thighs where they were cradled against Steve’s ass. Steve let out a long, shuddering moan and curled himself up almost into a fetal position in Tony’s arms.
But…these nights, and they were always, nights…these nights, when Steve got home after a mission, still in his uniform bearing stains he didn’t want to talk about, hair unkempt, eyes unfocused, breathing hot and hard, but his hands scrubbed clean…Tony knew there was some wall there that Steve didn’t want him to cross, but he’d get home, and he would have
Which was how the Movie Education of Steve Rogers began, Tony thought a few weeks later as he pawed through the remaining DVDs in his collection that they hadn’t managed to watch just yet.  They mostly stuck to science fiction, fantasy and comedies.  War movies were out, after a disastrous attempt to watch Saving Private Ryan that ended with Steve getting up and walking out to the deck without so much as a word to Tony or a backwards glance almost as soon as Tom Hanks set foot on Omaha beach.
“I’d smother the bastard if he tried,” Charles said with a chortle.  “No, no.  Not my David.  He likes to tell it that I chased him down, and the poor man had little choice, but, ask him, really ask him, and he’ll tell you. Saw me at that party, and thought, ‘That one’s mine,’ and that was it.  When my parents objected—he didn’t have much to offer, not then, as I said—he told him all about his plans for after the war.  How he’d take care of me.  Sales, he said.  He could sell water to a drowning man.  Cars were the new thing.  Everyone needed a car.  In America, anyway.  He’d start in sales, but he’d save.  Have his own dealership soon.  Then a franchise.  He had
Then there was the night that Steve found an old chess set in the top of one of the closets, and actually looked proud when Tony managed checkmate in four moves without really meaning to.  Alphas and Wookies.  Better to just let them win, as Tony had learned at an early age.  But, Steve had been ruefully admiring, and seemed to have no desire to pull either of Tony’s arms off, though he did insist on a rematch.  Took eight moves to Bobby Fischer Steve that time, but only because Tony had been distracted by the way Steve was rubbing his thumb up and down over one of Tony’s knights, because apparently chess porn didn’t just mean Kasparov’s Immortal.
Pulling the door to the garage closed, Tony headed for the cabin.  It was mid-afternoon, but already cooling up here as the sun started its slow slide down to the horizon.  He pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked his messages as he walked across the driveway.  Still nothing.  Siri was going to start suggesting types of ice cream and emo music any second now.
Steve shrugged.  “Not much he can do, I suppose,” he said, thinking about the roofing detail he had tomorrow, pushing the tar around in the heat with that nauseating smell all day.
Well.  He was in it for real now, he supposed.  A man out of time once again. Sometimes, that seemed like all he could ever be, like destiny had already chosen his lot for him, and he just had to spin the wheel to see where he landed.
Steve talked to him as they walked, telling him stories about when he was younger and the people they both hoped Tony would soon meet, or sometimes, about the rituals and beliefs of his people. He wanted Tony to feel like he was a part of Steve’s people. Tony wanted it, too, more now than when the idea first took hold. Before, Steve’s people were just names, but they were Others, like him, and he longed to know his own kind. Now, they felt more real, almost like he knew them. Tony could feel how much Steve cared for them in his voice when he talked about them. He desperately wanted them to like him, not just for his sake, but because it would hurt Steve if they didn’t. But, he couldn’t help what he was and where he came from. If they hated him, what then? Would they have to leave again? Would Steve really leave his people for Tony? Maybe if he had a child of Steve’s essence, maybe then, Tony pondered.
of this is hard to believe sometimes. I keep catching myself thinking, is this real, you know? I know it is, but…I just never thought I’d get to have this.  To have a—a you.”
“Don’t get all offended, now, Bruce.  Or, do, actually. Steve doesn’t believe me about your temper, and you know how very much I enjoy being proven right,” Tony said, a gleam in his eye as he looked over his shoulder where Steve trailed behind them.
Steve glanced over to Bucky, smiling widely. “This Omega has teeth.”
“He said you were brought here to help keep his mind on his studies,” Steve remarked.
“I will always be your shield, Tony.  In whatever way I can,” Steve said as he sat down on the edge of the bed next to Tony’s side.  “No one’s going to care that some college kid misses a few classes with a cold.  And maybe Cap drops a few hints here and there about how he feels about the slow progress of Omega rights?  Stranger things have happened.”
“Perfect,” Tony murmured, drawing back his hand.  Steve’s body thrummed with warmth at the word. A single word, and that was all it took. It should bother him, he thought, but the thought, like so many others these days, was distant.  Tony picked up the strap and held it across his open palm where Steve could see it.  “Thirty strokes, unless you move, and then I’ll add to it.  You can be as loud as you need. There is no one in this part of the Castle, and the guards have been warned not to disturb us, no matter what they hear.”
“The same offer you would make to those who would seat themselves in my place is hardly a balanced scale when I offer my only son, Stark,” the Ul retorted, his voice low and steady, but Steve could hear the bitterness creeping in at the edges.
, Steve.  You saw me, and that—that was all you cared about.  So, you really think your issues are going to send me running for the hills?”
“You just take all the time you need to sit there and think of a reason why—or who—might've been the reason for that,” Rhodey told him in a quiet, carefully neutral tone, sounding almost regretful about delivering what probably should be good news, but what managed to sound like a horror story.
“Eh, could be better, not going to lie.  It’s the write down on all the R&D for those ICBM guidance systems,” Obie shrugged.  “You knew we’d take a hit.”
It was just…it felt different.  Probably shouldn’t, Tony could acknowledge, but it did.  He had done his own tour of duty, so to speak, in Afghanistan not too long ago, after all, as the souvenir in his chest could attest.  It didn’t change that he needed the guy to cooperate for a few days before this whole thing blew up in his face.  It didn’t change anything, really.
“And one for the Raj’Inama, too.  He asked me which one would suit you best,” Cam said to Steve.
Steve stared at him across the table for a long moment, then seemingly against his will let his mouth form a grudging smile.
“I can do this all day,” Steve said, a small smile pulling up the corners of his mouth, and Tony had the feeling he’d missed something, but he was too relieved that Steve wasn’t pissed to care.  “I’m going to make mistakes, Tony,” he continued, turning serious.  “The voting thing. Today…in the garage…you were so happy, and I…well.  You said you had work to do, and I—I didn’t listen.  I messed up, and I’m sorry. That’s all I can say,” Steve finished.
He set up the easel on the balcony and pulled one of the cushioned chairs around for Tony, who promptly sat down, cradling his tablet in his lap, seemingly engrossed.
“Well?” the woman said, quirking her head at an angle and nodding towards the open bus doors where a few other passengers were stepping off.  “Don’t just sit there. Go after him!”
using flour sacks to represent our unborn children.”
On leaden feet, Tony walked over and sank down onto the sofa, clutching his head in his hands.  He sucked in a harsh, quaking breath, tipped his head back against the back of the sofa and let the air leave his body until his chest tightened in protest.  He’d lost Steve. He knew it. It wasn’t like he hadn’t seen it coming a mile away, but he’d thought, maybe with Rhodey, maybe after Obie and Pierce and whomever else was involved were perp walked live on television, maybe then Steve could forgive him.   Maybe then, maybe that way, maybe a lot of things. None of it seemed possible now. Not with the way Steve was looking at him.
“What?” Brock asked, pulling his head back in surprise.
“Bullshit. You've probably already got a list of his allergies to give your chef, planned some elaborate vacation that involves the Top Ten Things I Definitely For Sure Haven't Been Thinking About Doing With Steve All These Years, and figured out which side of the bed would be his,” Rhodey replied, without a hint of accusation, which was a feat in and of itself, Tony could freely admit.
“I was probably explaining to him that we were not under any kind of threat from the guy who walks into trees,” Steve sniggered. Tony’s surprised snort of laughter joined Captain Rhodes’, who was waving a hand in front of his face, trying to catch his breath.
“What, ah.  What would—“ Tony started, leaning back against the bench and rubbing his fingers against the side of his nose.  A nervous energy spiked through his chest, making his heart pound in his ears.  Steve would have courted him.  In his mind, he saw Steve with a bouquet of flowers, greeting Jarvis at the front door and felt a smile softening his face at the image.  “What would you have done?”
There were ways to hurt that could not be seen, though, Steve knew.  Ways that left no marks.  He thought of the cramped, boiling space of the box Rumlow had used, with it is fetid smell and the nails hammered through the boards on all sides, so you couldn’t lean or find any remotely comfortable way of sitting, but had to crouch until your legs felt like they would simply dissolve, and what a welcome end that would have been.
“You have me,” Steve whispered.  “I promise.”
“Thought we weren’t talking about any of that?” Bucky questioned, eyes narrowing on Steve.  He huffed out a breath of air, then shook his head lightly.  “
If porn isn't for you, then they lived happily ever after. The End.
“Missed you, too, buttercup, but let’s save the pillowtalk for when we’re alone, hmmm,” Tony replied, casting a quick, darting warning glance at Steve. Steve just shook his head and dropped his bag of winnings in front of Tony. “I thought your game was UNO,” Tony reminded him with a quizzical frown.
“I’m fine,” Steve replied.
Two days later, Tony’s bed had been completely redone with a new mattress that had a smoothly finished oaken plank covered by a soft top of cotton and down on one side of it. No recriminations, no mention of it, really, just Tony figuring out a way to make work, because that was what he could do, and not letting Steve go was a promise Steve knew Tony intended to keep in all the ways that mattered.
“I was good for you,” Tony pointed out in a breathless whisper, voice threaded with need.  Not just desire, but the need for Steve’s approval swam around in his hazy, lust-fogged brain, too.
“Hmmm. Well, be that the case, it so happens that the party for whom I’m buying is in need of something different.  Our…patron…is very…particular, I suppose you might say,” the man continued.  “Uninterested in the usual offerings, which is of concern to my buyer who rather relies on his continued patronage.  So, something different happens to be what I’m looking for.”
“Do they hate people who own slaves?” Cam asked, his tone curious.
“Alright, alright,” Happy broke in.  “That’s enough, that’s enough.  Gonna need to get the happy couple to their dinner.”
. He had all the certainty in the world. No one would look at him the way Happy looked at Pepper, no one was sitting out there wondering about him, hoping for him.
“Sounds fake, but okay," Tony said. The alien tilted his head curiously at Tony, a small smile playing on his lips.  "And I’m really cured?  Completely, I mean. No reactor, no shrapnel, no palladium, nothing?” Tony pressed.
“You don’t need to apologize,” Steve told him.
“Welcome back, Mr. Stark,” the doorman said as he held the door for them.  “Captain Rogers.”  Well, at least Pepper was on top of things, Tony thought with a slight smile as he palmed a fifty to the guy.
“Did Morita ever go back and find her?  Delya Fiocca?” Tony asked, throat clicking a bit as he tried to remember how to get it to work properly.
“Yeah, it’s late,” Steve observed, sounding neither tired nor restless, though even as a twenty-four hour place, the diner had emptied out some time ago.  Tony stood, grabbed his jacket and threw some bills on the table.  He stepped out the door and onto the now relatively quiet sidewalk, holding the door for Steve to follow.  They walked in companionable silence until they reached the Tower, though Tony could practically feel whatever spell had seeped the tension out of Steve in the diner starting to fade.  He just didn’t know what to do about it.  Tony cast a quick look at Steve and caught him rubbing his temples with his fingers and thumb.  He punched in the door code that let them in the building, and they made their way to the bank of elevators, one already sliding open as they approached.
“Steven Grant Rogers,” Bucky gasped with mock exaggeration, “did you have a one-night stand?”
“I don’t know,” Steve finally settled on.
, and I did all that other stuff already, and then
“Vikings, huh?” Steve said after a moment.  “Kind of nice that even that long ago, they were looking up at the same stars.  Guess some things don’t change.”
“I don’t know,” Tony finally replied, voice shaking on the last.  “I don’t know what I’m doing here.  Clearly, this was a mistake.  I should—“
At least there was a good fire going in the hearth, thanks to one of Lizzie’s boys, who came down from Gulleytown the other day to chop wood and do some chores for him, and he was glad for the heat now, as the wind rattled the shutters.  Willie and his boys moved his bed in front of the fireplace a few years ago, when he fell getting down from the loft, and Lizzie said no more of that in the same firm tone her mother used to use when she made up her mind about something and arguing was a thing you did if you wanted to hear your own voice.
“Ah, Tony,” he heard Steve say, and felt the seat next to him bounce with the added weight as Steve sat down. He wasn't aware of thinking through the action of turning and burying his face into the curve of Steve's neck, but it opened some kind of pressure release valve when he did. The familiarity of it, the scratch of the start of a beard, the tang of disinfectant that Steve used at work mixed with the fresher scent of his soap and shampoo, how it made Tony feel warm deep inside, that was what he'd been waiting to fall into, he realized, feeling something that had been scabbering for purchase for years finally let go, and when he did, God, it felt like nothing he'd ever felt before and something he remembered all too well.
Brock paused, studying him for a moment.  Steve looked back down at the bags.  He knew his face always gave away too much.  He didn’t want to talk about last night.  At least, not like this.  It didn’t feel right, though he couldn’t say for sure why that was the case.  He didn’t want Brock to ignore what had happened last night.  That wouldn’t be fair.  But, he also didn’t want… this.  Whatever this conversation was.  It felt like it… cheapened things.  Cheapened what happened last night.
“Captain America. His name is Steve,” Tony said, shaking his head back and forth, trying to clear the fog enough to form coherent thoughts.  “Steve,” Tony repeated, because he liked how it sounded.  It really was a great name, as names went.  “Steve.”
“You want to come over for a bit?  Hang out?  I know, it’s late and all,” Tony rushed out.
“Don’t listen to him,” Steve protested, shooting Bucky a warning look that went totally disregarded.
“Did he break a piece of furniture while doing it?” Tony asked.  Jim shook his head.  “Then you’re fine.  So.  I know you met with Steve already.  How’d that go?”
“Wow,” Steve remarked, blinking at him and bobbing his head. “That sounds amazing, Tony. Wow.”
“Night, Happy,” Tony called out as he slid across the seat and ducked out the door, where Steve waited.
“Oh, good Lord, now he’s all sentimental about the freaking watermelon,” Clint grumbled.   “It’s a fruit, Stark.  It’s not a symbolic fruit.  Let it go, man.’
never almost got me committed.”
“I do not know,” the alien responded.  “I hope I am not. I thought, perhaps, others managed to escape before the destruction. I hoped to find them.  But, that was a long time ago, and the universe is a very big place.”
On the screen, the two of them were beaming at the camera, Steve’s arm wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, anchoring him to his side.  They looked…well, good, Steve had to admit.  Tony photographed well.  He rather thought he looked like a blonde ghost under the flash with his pale skin, but the suit helped.  They looked—well, happy.  Steve could tell his own smile was plastered on, but he doubted anyone else, except maybe Bucky, would be able to.  Tony was smiling, too, though, at least in this particular shot, he was looking slightly up towards Steve, and the smile the camera captured was almost disconcerted, like he’d been caught off-guard by something.    Probably by Steve’s sudden desire not to listen to anything he’d been told not to do.
He carefully rolled the parchment back up, tracing a finger over the broken red wax of Tony’s seal as he did, and bent over to place it with the stack of neatly rolled reams of paper stuffed into the large saddlebag that sat under the low, bowed seat of the stool. The tent, though spacious, was hot, almost stiflingly so in the heat that became trapped between the peaks of the desert mountains that surrounded their encampment, but Tony had insisted on seeing the mission well provisioned, and the tent was the least of what that turned out to mean.
Still. It had been a strange reply, though the oddity of it hadn’t fully settled into his sex-clouded brain until this morning. He’d heard one thing last night, a bright thrum of words threading though his body bringing release as his body quaked against Steve’s.
“I didn’t know what you liked,” Steve told Tony by way of explanation. Tony probably already thought Steve’s eating habits were odd, he didn’t want to add questions about the number of calories he needed to consume on top of everything else.  “Hope something here is okay,” he added, hefting the pizza boxes.
“I want…I want to see you.  Please,” Steve rushed out, hands reaching for the edges of Tony’s clothes.
“Hmmm,” Steve murmured in answer, blinking at him slowly, eyes dark and wide, mouth gone slack.  “Delya.  Delya Fiocca.”  Tony thought the name sounded like music when Steve said it, so foreign and wild. He would ask Steve to take him there one day. To Carovilli.  See the mountains over the orange-topped roofs over pale brown stone houses.  See if there were any Fioccas still around.  If maybe they had creamy tan skin and eyes shaped like almonds.
“The conductive coupling’s a nightmare.  I think it’s the temperature drift at that altitude,” Tony said.
He didn’t say it out loud, because even saying it to Shellhead seemed crazy, but in his more fanciful daydreams, he had imagined painting the images for something like Marvels.  There was a vivid memory in his mind of Tony Stark trekking up some snowcapped mountainside, his pack on his back, a staff in one hand, and his fedora pulled low over his face, hiding him in shadow, as it always did.  Steve remembered liking the air of mystery, while also, upon occasion, wondering what the reclusive explorer looked like in real life. Stark had been pointing at something in the distance, Steve recalled, and if you read the article, you learned it was where some creature almost as amazing as Shellhead had supposedly been sighted.  Steve always liked the drawings that accompanied Stark’s Amazing Adventures the best. They had a real sense of adventure to them. It had always been little more than a dream, and he knew that well enough, but it still made his chest burn with a bit of a pang to think about maybe being able to do something like that. It was beyond impossible, of course, but, well...it wasn’t like he wasn’t in the middle of impossible as it was, he supposed, and all those dreams, as crazy as they were, sustained him during a time when little else did.
“I hate traffic,” Stark replied by way of explanation.
“I get it.  Hard to take a step down once you’ve had the best, right?  I don’t know, maybe I could pencil you in for—how’s your April looking?” Tony asked without looking at him.
“Steve,” Tony began, tongue coming out to coat his lips around the word. “Please, Steve,” Tony repeated, voice thready and high, punctuated with stuttering pants of air. “Gods, Steve. I want---I need—please—“
. She’s one of those new steam-powered ironclads, I hear.”
It was wrong to feel that way, he supposed, but it wasn’t as if he could really help the matter.  They were just dreams, and he was a young man, and even Bucky once admitted to having his own wicked dreams, hadn’t he?  Though, those dreams had been about the barmaid down at the tavern, who liked to say the width of the jugs of ale the tavern served were based on her rather ample bosom. Steve didn’t think that was likely true, but he could understand what would cause Bucky to dream about it.  His dreams, though...his dreams were...not that.  Even if he couldn’t quite remember them, he
“Casting aspersions on the character of your King is a capital offense. Probably,” Tony amended, canting his head to the side and gnawing on the bread.  “Besides, I spent a great deal of my unfortunate captivity talking to you, Brucie-bear.
Steve would remember.  He was good at remembering things.  He would be here.  He wouldn’t forget, not something like this.  No matter how…busy…he was.  With other things.  That Tony wasn’t going to think about. Think about the car, Tony told himself.  The beautiful, expensive, laden-with-guilt-car that showed up in the middle of Steve’s absence.  Yeah.  Good call. Focus on that, Tony thought with an inward eye roll.
Steve climbed into bed, staring at the ceiling, willing himself to sleep.  Army training usually meant he could fall asleep practically on command, but not tonight.  His mind drifted back to the sketches.  Tony with his eyes ablaze, head titled slightly upward in challenge, mouth forming a hint of a smile, but a smile with promise behind it. With steel behind it.  He was never going to get to sleep like this, too wound up, emotions still bubbling and swirling too close to the surface.  Steve’s head was too full of
“We checked, you know,” Everhart said as he sidled past.  “All of them. We checked. The witnesses listed on your marriage certificate seem to have vanished into thin air. Not a single one had a record of you or Steve Rogers or any couple matching your description for that night.  No one remembers anyone who looked like Tony Stark.
Tomorrow, he would have to think the words.
like a compliment.  He picked up the last few bags and took his last bit of cash out of his wallet to leave on the bed for the maid then headed for the door.  “Ready?” Steve asked as he pulled the door open, glancing back to Brock, who was standing by the bed, staring quizzically at Steve.
“Is that what you were thinking?” Tony asked. He handed Steve a glass of champagne as Steve stepped down in the pool.
.  Brock was right, it was Tony Stark.  How bad could it be? Plenty of people would do it for free, let alone for a million dollars. He wouldn’t be human if he didn’t at least
He sighed deeply when Tony’s mouth left him and his body pulled away, missing the solid warmth, but stayed as he was.  He was wholly unprepared for Tony to bend over and swallow down the length of his cock in one swift motion.  Steve’s hips bucked wildly without any conscious thought on his part, and that probably should’ve ended that right then and there, but Tony rode it out, relaxing his throat and letting the base of Steve’s cock tap against the very back of it, before Steve managed to control himself enough to stop.fucking.moving.  He looked down to see Tony’s s kiss-swollen lips wrapped around his cock, moving up and down, sucking lightly.  Tony’s eyes were closed, his face a mix of rapture and concentration.  Steve felt the flat of Tony’s tongue along the underside of his shaft and forced himself not to move his hips again, but then Tony swirled his tongue around the tip and applied even more suction and Steve found his hands were gripping Tony’s hair without any memory of putting them there.  Tony was moving faster now, up and down, loosing him out so only the head of his cock sat buried inside Tony’s mouth, then swallowing him back down again.  He felt Tony moan around him, the vibrations thrumming through his cock and he heard himself make some sound between a gasp and a sob.  Tony hollowed out his cheeks and began sucking furiously, working his tongue up and down the slit on head of Steve’s cock.  Steve was undone, coming apart at the seams.  Everything had been reduced to a single point, a single sensation, just Tony’s mouth around him, all warm, wet heat and suction.  He forced his fingers to let go of their grip on Tony’s hair and tried to push him away.  “T-T-Tony…Tony, stop, I’m going…I’m almost there, Tony…please, God, just…” he choked out, mind blanking on anything more.  But Tony didn’t release him, if anything, just took him deeper and sucked even harder.  Steve’s head tipped back, vision blacked out, whole body going taunt as a bowstring, hips jerking unevenly and felt the warm rush as he came, spilling himself down Tony’s throat.
He turned the phone on and scrolled through his somewhat thin contact list for Nat’s number. The screen was cracked, distorting her name, and he had to hit it a few times to get it to dial, like the damn phone itself was fighting him on it.
The taller guard pursed his lips and glanced down at his compatriot, who pulled a disgruntled face.  “Peran, don’t, it could mean our heads to disobey the King’s order,” the smaller one whispered through his teeth.
“Steve’s my Alpha,” Tony said numbly, a sour, biting nausea curdling his stomach.  His voice sounded too small for what he was trying to say.  “He’s…I’m…I’m his Omega.”
“Tony, the police don’t even have a form for this kind of thing,” Rhodey cut in, banging his head against the cradle of the bars.  “They don’t even know what to do with you.  They can’t put you in the holding tank, so we’re stuck in here, which is like, super-max by MIT standards. How are you so calm about this, by the way? I’m this close to asking for a Rita Hayworth poster.”
“Yeah.  Yeah, I know,” Steve said, giving Tony a soft glance that made the corners of his eyes slant.
It was easier to let himself have a moment of panic.  “We were protesting, and things sort of got a bit, well, antagonistic with the police, I guess, and then they were arresting people, and I don’t know. Rhodey told them not to, he did, he tried, but they wouldn’t listen, and they put us in a van, and then we ended up here.  I didn’t assault anyone or resist, at least not any more than maybe a few choice words, I swear, it’s all crazy, we were just trying to do something, you know?” Tony rushed out in one breath into Steve’s chest, barely a mumble, but he knew Steve could hear it.
“Majesty,” she croaked out.
“That bad, huh?” Tony questioned at Steve’s silence.  Tony’s voice was tight with tension, practically vibrating with it, but not anger, at least Steve thought it wasn’t anger.  Just an abject weariness, Steve thought with a frown, the kind that went bone-deep and stayed there, until it hardened everything about you.
“The King barely attends Court these past weeks, and when he does, one must speak as if each word is as delicate as an eggshell,” Cam added.
Water’s not like that, Steve thought sometimes, when the therapist sat quietly with her legs crossed and her heel swaying slightly as she waited.   He thought she knew most people didn’t like silence, wanted to fill it, ride it out on nerves and pressure, but he had kept quiet, kept still, kept low and hunched, for far longer than the SHIELD-mandated hour he had each week with her.
Steve looked up at him from where he had been studying the weight and strength trainer with a rather dubious expression.  “Didn’t you challenge a known terrorist to come after you on national television?” Steve asked with a frown.  “And give him your home address?”
“Yeah.  Real simple,” Tony grumbled half-heartedly as he cut the connection with Fury.  He knew he’d lost the argument before it ever began.  Fury had Steve working for SHIELD, which meant he had Tony by the short hairs, and Fury was hardly above using that to get what he wanted.
Steve looked over at the calendar again before letting his eyes drift shut.  He could see the indentations counting down date squares in his head.  Thirty-six days until he’d been due for parole, provided his good behavior lasted.  He opened his eyes again and found the bottom corner of the calendar where the pages filed away from the wall, the edge of one, towards the back, folded into a neat triangle.
“Impressive range,” Rhodey said, whistling his voice low with appreciation as he looked through the binoculars.  “I think I can see all the way to the other side of the Brooklyn Bridge from here. Are you done taking my stuff apart now?” Rhodey asked with a slight huff as he lowered the binoculars and turned to look at Tony, who lounged in one of the chairs on the apartment’s balcony with his feet propped up on the railing.
“What about you? Friends call you Tones or something? You look like a Tones,” Rhodey said, pursing his lips in consideration.
“I’ve known him my whole life, Steve.  My whole life.  Since I was a boy.  He’s been by my side longer than you have been alive.  I rode on his shoulders through the bailey, for God’s sake, making an absolute fool of him.  Everything I know about running a kingdom, it came from Obie,” Tony protested.
“So you told him I was seeing Bucky?” Steve asked, trying to sound calm.
“Steve.”
So, we have making Steve happy and keeping Steve safe, Tony thought to himself.  It surprised him, just how much he wanted both of those things.  He could do this.  For Steve.  For both of them.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Steve cut him off.   “Is it…can I touch you? Does it hurt? Will this,” he asked, waving his hand up and down the bed, “will it cause a problem?”
This wonderful fanart was done by mushroomhobbit (mushroomhobbit.tumblr.com) to go with Celestial Navigation and depicts Tony trying his best to make dinner for Steve.  I love how it captures how hard this was for him and how brave he was trying to be.    Posted with permission of the artist.
“Oh, you want it to be
He was nude, save for a skirt of pearls and opals that glittered as they caught the sun, and his collar, though he took little note of it now, here, when it was just them.  Tony liked it, and Steve liked being beautiful for him.  It felt like something he could do for Tony, and Steve suspected that, as much as anything else, was why Tony enjoyed it so much. This part of Steve was Tony’s in some way that Steve didn’t quite understand, but knew it to be true, nonetheless, and Tony reveled in it, like the more he gave, the larger this part of Steve would become.
He looked over at Steve, who stopped beside him, though he was looking somewhere past the obnoxious advertisement, past Tony, through the throngs of pedestrians either staring up at the Vegas skyline or down at their phone screens.  Sometimes, Tony wondered if anyone out here ever actually saw anything.   It was a strange, unsettled thought.  Someone stepped on your grave.  That’s what Ana would have said.  And that…well.
“That’s classified,” Steve finally managed to answer.  He dropped his gaze down to the table, where his hands were fisted together.  He wasn’t ready to talk about Gulmira. He wasn’t ready to talk about any of this.  Nat was right, he was going to clam up, let Tony handle it, and Tony would, because that was what Tony did, at least when it came to Steve.  He’d take it on himself, if Steve gave the slightest indication he needed that. Just knowing that made him relax a little, and he glanced at Tony, who was watching him with a careful, concerned expression that was trying not to give too much away.   It’s hard for him to talk about, too, Steve realized. All the stuff about Afghanistan and how different he is. It’s hard for him.
“I’ll go,” he heard Steve say, his words echoing in the parking garage, reeking of such shame and humiliation to make Tony’s gut twist.
He looked down at the sharply dressed man with the dark eyes and impeccably trimmed goatee.
“Besides, there isn’t much the Board could really do, anyway.  I own a controlling interest in the company, so effectively control elections to the Board.  Stane was just messing with you to get to me,” Tony said darkly.  Steve heard him take in a deep, steadying breath.  “Don’t worry about Stane, Steve.  He won’t be bothering…us…again.  That much I can promise you, at least.”
“It is,” Steve replied.
inside. Wasn't exactly overly concerned with burglars trotting off with his fabricator, though that fucking rodent with good PR chewed through his insulation, the little shit. Still, he'd looked at the lock and known exactly what it was, a giant Keep Out sign that probably no one was going to pay attention to. They never did, but it was what he could do, and he'd felt the same sense of hopeful trepidation at having put a boundary on something that he had when he hung the sign on his door when he was ten.
The car stopped in front of the building housing Bucky and Clint’s apartment and Steve got out without waiting for anything further.  His foot was on the second step when he heard the other door open as Tony stepped out.
“Snooty?” Rhodey asked, crossing his arms, still holding on to the Grey Poupon.
Steve looked at the shadowed outline of Tony’s face lying next to him on the pillow, so close that he could feel the warmth of his breath. A lifetime with Tony. A family. A chance at a life filled with love and joy. At least he knew full well what he was giving up to the altar of freedom. Was it worth it? He still could not say he was certain that it was, only that it had to be. He swallowed hard, feeling the weight of the collar at his neck seeming to tighten against his throat.
“Of that, I have no doubt,” Steve replied. “What kinds of things do you build?”
“We weren’t.  But, we,” Tony tried again, stomach curdling around the words.  This was where he could say it.  Admit that they had been fucking, and that was all.  Except that wasn’t all.  Had never been all there was to it.  Could he explain how blind he’d been, make Steve understand?  How did he even begin?  God, this was so fucking messed up.  Not to mention that Steve had called it off, whatever his reasons, moved on even, and he should probably tell Steve that before they took this any further.  And he would.
“Think the King will call you back tonight?”  Cam wondered.  “They left today.  Those people who were visiting.  I think he will.  Maybe he’ll need my help again, too.”
“Since when?” Tony demanded with a snort of laughter, peering at Jarvis from under his brows.
Stane smiled and called out to Tony as they approached, waving them over like they were old friends.  Steve wanted to punch his teeth in. Or worse. The urge to hit, to hurt, to ruin—it was almost overpowering. He could feel the blood pumping through his veins, fueled by anger and adrenaline.  Next to him, he felt Tony stiffen, then seem to force himself to relax. He could feel Tony’s eyes on him and a slight tug on his jacket, but he couldn’t take his gaze off Stane.
“Understatement, but, basically, yeah,” Tony said.  “But, we—me and Steve—we figured it out.  Took ten years, and I’m…I’m really trying not to think too much about that.  We’re getting back together.  Steve, he’s—he’s great, Obie.  The best.  Army veteran.  Artist.  You’ll like him.”
Steve in his workshop drawing Dum-E or sketching the city. Steve booming with laughter, head thrown back, one hand across his chest, with all the abandon he probably couldn't muster as a child. Steve in a sea of faces watching Tony on the stage, beaming with pride. Steve sitting across the dinner table telling Tony about all the beauty in the world that he thought Tony sometimes missed, though Tony never had. He'd always seen it through Steve's eyes, and that was the most beautiful view of the world there could be.
Dr. Barker was at least interesting, though.  They spoke for a good twenty minutes before he had to move on, and Tony thought he’d done well.  He remembered to ask questions, instead of just info-dump the poor guy, so he thought he was improving.  Steve seemed pleased, when Tony’s gaze strayed back over to where he stood with his court.  It was a good contact for SI, no doubt about it, Tony supposed.
Tony just shook his head.  “I could’ve pressed, Steve.  Or just found out on my own.  Obie did.  The truth is, I didn’t want to know because I knew whatever it was, this would have to stop if I knew, and I’m just that selfish when it comes down to it.  I’m a fixer, Steve.  That’s what I do.  Make things better, take something and improve it.  But I knew if I fixed you, you could leave me.  And I’m that much of a son-of-a-bitch.”  Tony was still resolutely studying the food truck, refusing to look at Steve, which was driving Steve crazy.
His teeth were scrubbed. The dirt under his nails was dug out.  Oils were rubbed into his skin until he gleamed.  Twin metal bands went around his upper arms.  A new collar, gold this time, replaced the one on his neck.  He was shaved. Everywhere.  For once, Steve was thankful for all the time he spent on missions being very, very still.  He lay on a stone slab while they worked and stared at the ceiling.  Someone had painted stars against a dark blue night sky on one side of the arch, as if in imitation of a window, though there were none of those down here that Steve could see.  Someone lifted his cock, stroked it a few times, then slid a gold ring around it and tucked his balls into a larger gold ring that hooked onto the one around his shaft.  He looked at the stars.  Closed his eyes when they started to burn.  Opened them again.
“I will,” Steve promised.
Shellhead’s tentacles splashed around him, and he grinned in obvious delight, then dove under the water, only to resurface a short distance away.  Under he went again, popping up next to the
“He should probably be more concerned about how he’s going to explain things to the IRS,” Tony said.
“You had a fish doctor come look at them when you thought one of the Dinners looked under the weather,” Steve reminded him, though there was a smile behind the words.
“It’s beautiful,” Tony said.  “Did China give it to you?” he asked around a yawn.
“Did your plane really have dance poles inside it?” Steve asked.
.  And no one remembers.”
“Stop doing whatever it is you’re doing,” Natasha said abruptly, and Steve let the thread go with a slight sigh. “What do you need from me?”
Getting up, Steve picked up the water bottle, a few tissues, and the seat cushion from the chair, then walked over to the wall. He poured some of the water onto the man’s ass, making him jump in startle a bit, Steve noticed, grinning slightly. He used the tissues to clean the man up a bit, then tossed those and the water bottle aside. The cushion went on the floor, and he quickly sank down onto his knees. The beautiful, wide hole—the one that had been waiting just for him, just the way he left it because someone trusted him enough to want to do this again even after everything—was directly in front of him.
“Very.  Deeply.  We are very stupid, Sir. We’re sorry.  So, so sorry. We didn’t mean it. Honest, we didn’t,” Malcolm said.  Barnes and Sam traded a look. “It was a mistake.”
Well, obviously, he could, because Stern pushed all his damn buttons and he’d gone off-map at the first exit, much to Pepper’s dismay, but Stern was the link to Pierce, and if this really went that far, then they had to know about it.  It wasn’t just the company at stake, not anymore.  Obie was willing to kill to protect what he was up to.  How far would someone like Pierce go?  Someone with that kind of power wielding it to subvert and destroy exactly what he was supposed to protect…Well, fuck if that didn’t sound familiar, Tony thought, lifting his gaze to the mirror.
“Ask yourselves, based on everything you know about me, what you think the chances are that I can do that,” Tony said.
“Let me see!” Tony said, reaching to snatch the binoculars out of Rhodey’s hands.
“Yeah?” Tony responded, glancing up at Steve who was looking down at him with a strangely soft expression.  Tony felt his fingers tighten involuntarily on Steve’s arm, drawing him closer.  Tony could smell the starch on Steve’s shirt, the hint of that green soap he used underneath it.
Tony sucked in a dry breath that didn’t want to go down properly.  It burned a path through his chest and stomach.  Or maybe that was the words themselves, the ease of the praise, the unexpectedness of it, the casual simpleness, like it hadn’t been years since he’d heard anything like that from Steve.  Granted, it was probably just sucking up, but the fact that it still managed to unwind him so easily in some inexplicable way that praise from Steve always could, should be enough to tell him to heed Rhodey’s warning.  He didn’t need to be here.   There was nothing here for him, except misery and disappointment.  There never had been.
“What do you need?  Take what you need, baby,” Steve asked, barely a whisper, but whip-crack loud in Tony’s head.  Yes.
“He told me he offered you five million dollars to leave me, and you took it,” Tony said to the empty space in front of him. He couldn't look at Steve as he said it. He should, but he couldn't. He was holding on by his nails, and there was a chasm waiting below filled with anger and guilt and so many what-ifs he thought he would shatter apart if he let go.
“Oh,” Obie said, holding the reactor up in front of him, admiring it.  “It’s beautiful,” he hummed thoughtfully. “Tony, this is your Ninth Symphony. What a masterpiece. Look at that.” He almost sounded proud.  Tony’s stomach roiled, his gut churning hot and sour. “This is your legacy. A new generation of weapons with this at its heart. Weapons that will help steer the world back on course, put the balance of power in our hands. The right hands.”  He gave Tony a satisfied, almost apologetic look, then placed the reactor in the case.
“His assistant brought the outfit.  Since she took the suit back,” Steve explained, careful to keep his voice steady so he didn’t betray any more of his current swirl of thoughts.  “I didn’t exactly pack an overnight bag.”
“Even knowing…Christ, even knowing what you…I still want you, God help me,” Tony spat out, disgust dripping from every word.
“You never want to have any fun. Oh, go on with you, then,” Tony said, handing the plate back to Steve with a laugh. “Stop looking at me like that. You’re as indulgent as I am with him,” Tony accused lightly.
“Spread yourself for me,” Steve told him, voice hitching a bit on the last of it.  It took a second for the words to filter through the haze of pleasure-pain that spread outward from Tony’s cock and shook through his muscles, but when they did, he let out a groan and turned his face to bury it in the bed.
“I seem to recall telling Natasha that I wasn’t ready to date anyone just yet,” Steve said around a grimace.  “In other news, I should probably change my calendar password to something other than ‘password.’”
“So,” Steve repeated after a moment, turning around to face Tony. He looked haggard and more rumpled than Steve was used to seeing him. Steve’s eyes narrowed, taking in Tony’s appearance, and he felt a wave of exhaustion that he wasn’t sure was entirely his own. They were all tired. He was their leader, or supposed to be, and here he was, wallowing in his own guilt and… and whatever this was he needed to do sometimes.
“Doubt it,” Tony muttered.
“Tomorrow, cross my heart, I’ll stop solving your problems tomorrow,” Tony said, sitting back and making an exaggerated X over his heart and giving Steve a sheepish look.
at least.  God, he hoped he had gotten this somewhat right.  He thought he looked, well…ridiculous, probably, but on the heels of that thought was a sort of hot burn of shame centered low in his stomach that somehow felt good, coiled low and deep and snaked down to the tip of his cock where it bulged against the soft satin of the panties, flaring the sides out around his balls.
now, I heard,” Steve said.
Obie’s gaze swept over Tony as he entered the room.  It lasted only long enough for it to register, before it slipped away and focused on Steve, but Tony felt Steve’s arm stiffen, the muscles bunching under Tony’s fingers.
“It’s over.  Shmidt is dead.   Most of his forces with him,” Steve replied, dropping his gaze down to the leather-bound book in his lap.  Vestigus went on for volumes, dry tactics and strategy when the pages should have run red with blood. That was what war was, page after page of death until the stories all ran together and lost their meaning, the worst and best of men meeting not on some battlefield, but in every choice each one of them made.  He doubted Tony’s book said that.
“Yeah,” Steve said, drawing out the word and ending on a small smile.
Tony, not so much with the forgiving though.
But, you want to go back, too, a sly, insistent voice echoed in his head.  You’re thinking about it now.  About what he promised for tonight.  It was true.  He was half-hard, even in the warm water, though he didn’t touch himself.  Wouldn’t, he knew, though he couldn’t quite explain why.  As much as he kept trying to think through Zola’s machinations or philosophizing over good men who turn their eyes from a terrible world, a part of his mind was replaying the things the King had done to him last night and brimming with anticipation for what was to come.  He couldn’t refuse, after all.  Have you tried, the same voice asked.  Do you even want to? Or was it easier to let himself enjoy it if he told himself he had no choice?
“Well, they suck,” Barnes shrugged.
Okay, well.  That part was a little unexpected.
He could handle it a lot better now, and certainly, he could handle one night.  He’d spent years getting shot at, sleeping on the ground, and living off MREs. He figured he could somehow manage to get through one night of sex with Tony Stark, he thought, mouth twisting.  And it would solve
At lunch, Steve walked down to a small park near the construction site and sat on a shaded bench to eat his lunch.  He was somehow completely unsurprised when Tony plopped down next to him halfway through his sandwich.  Tony didn’t immediately say anything, so Steve just bided his time, giving Tony a moment to decide how to proceed.
“Steve,” Tony said as they passed by the discolored dirt. “Are you sure you want to do this?  We can go back.  Rhodey can find Barnes.  Or put Natasha on it, and she’ll probably have him skipping into camp in no time.”
“It’s like you don’t know me at all,” Tony muttered, pursing his lips and raising his eyebrows at Rhodey, who rolled his eyes in reply.  “Anyway, so let’s say you have no money, but you find out this company will sell top of the line, at least by your standards, prosthetics to the public for the bargain basement price of…!” he pointed at Pepper.
Tony frowned bemusedly and tilted his head to the side, opening his mouth, then thinking better of it. “You know, some things are just better left a mystery.  But, really, you don’t have to do this, just saying.”
Bucky always said he was good at keeping parts of himself locked away from the world.  There was a bird—a jay, Steve thought—that lived for a while under the awning of the tenement that liked to steal bits and pieces of things.  The wax paper that candy came in on the rare occasion someone was lucky enough to get a treat. Thread, sometimes. Steve saw it take a button once, right out of the sewing basket Mrs. O’Malley was using to mend her daughter’s dress.  When Steve told Bucky about it, Bucky said he was like the bird, wanting to hide away his bits and pieces, Steve remembered, though Steve didn’t think Bucky quite knew just how much that was true. Maybe that was what he was doing with this.  Hiding away something precious so no one could find it.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Tony said.
deep in his bones, the way he knew something he was building would work, the way he knew the reactor would power up that first time, that deep sense of
He hoped his eyes weren’t messed up, like Cullen, who had one eye that perpetually looked to the side or, worse, what if he ended up like Blind Marta who, true, was older than anyone he knew, but whose shrunken, milky eyes scared him whenever his mother made him accompany her to visit?  He was so preoccupied with the thought that his sight might be afflicted that he must have let himself get distracted, because when he pulled his gaze away from the perfectly normal-sized moon and looked behind him again, he saw the figure of a man in the middle of the roadway just a short distance away from him.
More soft fingers grazed through Steve’s hair.  He liked that.  Leaned in, swaying a bit, seeking more.  He was hard and aching, but the dueling sensation was strangely comforting, like one was too much, but both together, it somehow made it easier to just let his mind split apart and handle both.
The boat was sitting where they left it the day before, moored, as it were, on the sandy beach.  Steve reached over the side and tucked both items into the bag with the gold coins. Grimacing, he turned towards the water.  There was a window of opportunity to leave while the sea was in a cooperative mood, and it was closing fast, as he knew from too many days of observation.  The tide would pick up and grow stronger as the day went on, making the Marvel’s journey out to open water all but impossible. Even with the oars, Steve didn’t think he could get the boat past the break point of the waves some hundred or so yards from shore, where the rocks tossed whitecaps high and hard before they petered out and limped towards the shore.  At least, he couldn’t do it by himself, that much was certain.
Stane snorted.  “Oh, Tony.  Tony, Tony, Tony.  This is…this is really quite pathetic, my boy, even for you,” Stane said, shaking his head in mock sadness.  And Steve saw it, saw it fractions of a second before it happened.  He might have reached out, to do what he wasn’t sure.  Stop Stane, put the words back in, grasp at Tony before the world spun out beneath him, he wasn’t sure.  He couldn’t breathe.  His mouth wouldn’t form the words, “No, stop, don’t” that his head was screaming.
“Tony—you—you do know that you can’t buy the Metropolitan Museum of Art so Steve will like you, right?” Pepper asked carefully, eyes narrowing.
“Lucky me,” Tony quipped, smiling widely.
. God, he could really have this.  If he just hadn’t screwed it up already, his sins hovering around him like Jacob Marley shaking his chains.  He couldn’t lose Steve. Even if this all went south, he couldn’t lose Steve, he just couldn’t. The universe would just have to understand, he told himself firmly, turning to the side and swiping his hand over his face.
“My beautiful one,” Tony husked out, breath going harsh and ragged.  “I’ve got you.  Shhh,” he soothed, rubbing his hand up and down the inside of Steve’s thigh.  He pushed deeper then, slowly, until he was fully ensconced.  Steve heard Tony give a satisfied grunt, and felt him pull out a bit before thrusting back in.  Quick, shallow thrusts, then a slow, deep one that sent a tingling burst of pleasure coursing through Steve’s body from deep inside.
“Learned to sleep through pretty much anything in the Army,” Steve said, giving him a considering look.  “You’re really going to do this, aren’t you?”
. God, they'd been not letting go of each other for years. Maybe this, not the paperwork shenanigans, but having to see each other again, see each other in ways they perhaps never really had, maybe this was always their end.
“Good,” she said forcefully, giving his wrist a light squeeze.  “Now, go find your Captain and save him from whatever supply-side economics lecture Obadiah is trying to give him.  I need to check in with Jarvis.”
“A star?” Tony repeated, glancing over his shoulder with an eyebrow raised in question.
“Except, apparently not,” Tony amended, folding his arms behind his head with a grimace.  “Because my lawyers inform me that one of the affidavits in the divorce paperwork had an improper notarization on it and they worry the whole thing might not be valid without going back to court and getting a decree or getting a new one signed.  While there are many parts of myself that I don’t mind seeing on the front page, I have to admit, this is one I’d rather not have played out in public.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, pressing a kiss to the back of Tony’s neck.
,” Kadina replied with a look of annoyance, tipping her chin at the younger girl.  “For me, a coin, my Lord, if you please.  A jewel, to fit just here, my Lady,” she said, tracing a line down the column of her throat to end between her breasts.  “Or here,” she said, letting her hand following the curve of her stomach down below the water, then dip lower, between her legs.  She smiled, a wickedly pleased look, tossed her head and laughed.  “You are all children.”
He huffed out a harsh breath, and let his head dip down to his chest, breathing in and out and letting the constant susurration of the water fill his head and push everything else out.  When he looked in the mirror again, he could see the star on his chest, grayed out now, discolored by the soot and smoke, like it had absorbed part of the destruction.  Maybe it had.
“Divorce him,” Barnes said, glaring at Steve, and heaving out a sigh of surrender.
“T—Tony,” Steve stammered, not sure how he felt, looking down at Tony. Tony had done this before, of course, but always in their bed, sliding down along Steve’s body to bury himself between Steve’s thighs.  This…this was different, Tony on his knees before him.  It felt like it should be wrong, but his body was already too far along disagreeing with him on that for his mind to form a coherent argument as to why.
“Okay, I didn’t want to go there, but in the event this whole thing with Steve doesn’t follow the seemingly inevitable route of my typical relationship, I just want to say that there can really only be one Uncle James, and he’s going to be the fun one, so…” Tony trailed off with a shrug.
“You want me to take care of you first?” Tony offered.  Steve just shook his head again and bit his lip, and fuck it all if that wasn’t just the hottest thing Tony had ever seen.
“I will stand with you, Tony.  Always,” Steve murmured into Tony’s skin.  “My place is at your side.”
-memory that clung to his mind each morning that he always failed to capture. He craved this moment, though. This in-between, before he fully woke, when he was sated and happy and everything seemed exactly as it should be in some unfathomable way.
“He likes you,” Rhodey said.  “Talk to him.”
“I—that’s—not—” Steve stammered.
Then, Tony’s parents died, and he had been probably nanoseconds away from spiraling into a series of bad coping mechanisms when Steve found him at the reception after the funeral.  Steve had clapped a hand on Tony’s shoulder and said something nice.   Something consoling and perfect and impossibly sincere, the way Steve could.  Tony had somehow just…walked into Steve’s chest and stayed there where it was warm and safe and free of any expectation. Where someone seemed to understand what it felt like to lose everything and have everything you’d planned on taken away from you all at once.
“A bath?  I—don’t think—I mean, maybe you or Natasha should really be the ones to—you know, with him,” Tony protested weakly.
“Is it working?” Steve asked, continuing to plant his trail of kisses across Tony’s back.
“I’m not—no.  Okay, really?  Forget about it?  That is literally impossible, you know that, right?  Like, Loki could show up here with his own artificial intelligence-powered robotic raptor squad playing hot potato with Mjolnir, and I couldn’t forget about it,” Tony burst out in half exasperation, half adoration.  “I just thought you’d be…uninterested.  In that.”
Yeah, probably not the way to go.
The world snapped back into place for Steve with a suddenness that nearly sent him reeling. His heart hammered in his chest.  The room swam in front of his eyes. His knees almost buckled, and he staggered backwards, reaching out blindly for something to grab onto and somehow managing to find one of the bed curtains to cling to. How had they gotten to the bed, he wondered, somewhat hazily, as he tried to calm himself.
Tony wouldn’t even know, but Steve would know he’d failed.  He couldn’t do that. He wanted to call out to Tony, beg for his attention, just for a moment, but he couldn’t do that either, and then there was...another kind of need.  Underneath it all. Blossoming bright and hot and so deep down, he had to reach for it. Tony wasn’t paying attention. Tony was ignoring him. Like he wasn’t even there. Like he didn’t matter, not as much as what Tony was doing, anyway.  He was insignificant. Inferior. Unworthy. His insides liquified at the thought, his cock hardening painfully.
"No one knew a damn thing, except those who did, and they were very, very good at hiding it," Tony pointed out. "I didn't see it.  The pattern. Not until it was behind me, anyway.  And I'm kind of smart, you might have heard," Tony's mouth twisted into a grimace on the last.  "Then--now--it seems obvious, and I feel like the world's biggest dupe.  Maybe I was.  At least I can do something about it now, and I'm getting the sense that might have more to do with you than just all this wedded bliss.  I know I'm out of Gene Simmons' inspired questions, but..." he trailed off with a light shrug.
Thank you again to everyone who has given this fic a chance.  I know the subject matter is problematic, as it should be, but keep in mind that for this world, slavery is an accepted thing. That doesn't make it right, of course, and that is a part of what will be dealt with in upcoming chapters, but for Tony, this is all he has known and the way it has been forever, so it's going to take something dramatic to make him really see how wrong it is.
Huge thank you to Onetruesikorsky for beta-ing and helping me sound vaguely like I have any understanding of painting.  I don't, but Steve should.  All remaining mistakes or poor use of random art terms are mine alone.
Steve turned his head to the side and looked down at the counter, one finger tracing a line along the edge.  “Because the man on the bridge, the one I fought, his name is Bucky Barnes, and I—I think he…he did some terrible things,” Steve said, dragging his gaze back to Tony.
“Oh,” Steve huffed out breathily.  Tony couldn’t help but glance down, mouth going dry as he watched a white trail of his come leak out of Steve’s hole and down the curve of his ass onto the bed. Yeah, the sheets were toast.  He got up on shaky legs and found his way to the bathroom and wet a washcloth with warm water, then grabbed another towel.  God, they were a mess, he thought, looking down at himself, a ridiculous smile forming.  He padded back over to the bed and knee-crawled over to where Steve lay unmoving.
Steve rocked back on his heels Steve paled." I..."
"I was attached to a couple of those rooms," Charles protested, though he had hardly been bothered when most of the ones he remembered from his childhood were redone.
Clint looked down. "I didn't really say anything."
"You're right, I did like him," Steve responded before he thought about it.  "He was willing to take risks to get the job done, and was willing to bend the rules for the right reasons. It was what was needed in that situation and he was a decent friend too."
Chuckling, Thor shook his head slightly. "I believe that was Loki's fault. I had to keep up with him somehow, and somewhere along the way I realized I enjoyed it for its own sake. It was worth his expression when I started arguing with him about a book he hadn't realized I'd read as neither he nor Odin had ordered me to read it."
"I wonder if she should tell the company," Thor mused. "Admittedly, I was mortal then, and it would not work now but they could se—" he broke off, thinking he saw a flash of green and his head jerked around but there was nothing there.
have a gift."
"This is a, ‘we're keeping it regardless’ moment," Natasha answered, reaching over to scratch the kitten's ears where Clint was holding it.
"It took Anthony many tries," Thor said, face slowly relaxing.
"And what may I offer to someone who calls themselves a god?" Victor asked, tilting his head to one side, before he walked over to his suitcase, slamming the top shut and zipping it closed.
Sometimes Thor brooded and they got unexpected rain to the point that the weather men were starting to label surprise storms as Thor related. He even made it rain once in New Mexico by accident until Darcy demanded he stop.
“Why are there strawberries?” Steve asked.
Steve caught Tony up in his arms, lifting him off the counter, arms under Tony's thighs. "You have everything we need in the bedroom, I'd guess?"
"I feel like I would believe all but the last one," Tony said and blinked. "You were supposed to have kids?"
A-A-A-A
“Are you sure that’s a thing that’s actually happening?” Tony asked. “Because I feel like there could be a lot of reasons for that to be a thing that doesn’t actually happen.”
"So what's the point of dragging him back if he's only hiding and licking his wounds?" Thor asked even though it looked like the words pained him.
"Alright," Clint said and leaned down, looking seriously at the two fondue sets. "Shut up and you can go together." They both stilled and Clint shoved them up in a cupboard.
"G'night," he mumbled, running a hand over his face once she was gone.
She blinked twice at that, "I think you need to back up and explain that."
Strangled sound coming out of his throat, Tony opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, movements hungry. “You even taste—” he muttered against Steve’s mouth and pressed back in, hand tightening in blond hair. Licking his way into Tony's mouth, Steve moaned into the kiss, drawing Tony even closer. He paused, hands tightening on Tony's hips before lifting Tony onto the counter to ease the angle on both their necks and let him deepen the kiss further.
"Why are you here with him, sir?" Clint asked, snapping into a formal address he would never use on Tony if he was calmer. "Why haven't you called us, or, you know, shot him in the throat?”
And with that we finally get to move right along.
“That does seem to be what you are insisting,” Loki said, but his voice was a bit smaller than usual.
Bruce’s eyebrows rose, “I had heard there were movies. I think I may have even seen one or two of them ages ago. I just assumed that you’d want Steve more familiar with the characters? But, since this seems to be your brainchild, what would you recommend?”
"You would last two and a half days," Pepper corrected. "Or until there was paperwork requiring your social security number," and Tony pulled a face at her for the reminder. She curled a bit closer to his side, still picking at the peanuts, "Well, like you said, I also won't say no to benefits, since it hasn't seemed to make anything awkward with us, but I also want to be sure that if I do find something that's the perfect fit in the lovers department that you won't have trouble when I head in that direction. I couldn't ever
“Duly noted. Try not to blow anything up or start any wars,” Tony said, stepping out the door.
"Good," Tony said and dragged his teeth along the imprint of Steve's shoulder blade before turning his head. "Good."
"But we all like explosions," Clint said idly as the door swung open.
Steve paused in the hall outside of Tony's workshop, checking the door and unsurprised to find it locked. He knew he had no code for the keypad next to it and glanced at the ceiling. It was a habit he had formed early in his stay in the tower and had yet to break for addressing Jarvis. "Jarvis?  Is there a chance you could let me in to talk to Tony?"
Paling, Bruce's eyes narrowed and he drew a deep breath to calm himself, "Steve or Tony might have an answer. Thor and I were both....off the carrier by then."
Clint, rather than actually speak to her just nodded as Tony settled behind Steve, staring a moment at the blond head in front of him and regretting his seat choice.
He folded down next to her with a hysteric breath. "I said it was a night, didn't I?"
Charles smirked, "He polished the chandelier in there too.  I figured I ought to deal with the underage drinking as well as using the best alcohol."
"I helped Hank build his jungle gym," Tony protested. "Does that make him my mutant?"
Charles turned, smile slipping more into a grin, "Why I came to see you, of course.  I haven't been able to make it down to the city since you all came together, after all."
"He might like that," Clint agreed, looking over sideways. Suddenly he was thinking less of the chemistry set.
"What was it like growing up with him?  Or would you rather not talk about him?"  Bruce glanced at Thor, considering the other.
“Anything, really,” Tony said, paying more attention to where he was almost touching skin before his eyes snapped up and he regretted meeting Steve’s gaze.
"I'm sorry," Clint murmured.
Charles smiled at that, "Yes, that's me."
“What?” Tony scowled, shoulders jerking at the reference to mistletoe. “I thought we had that agreement about you not reading my mind?”
"Since we all came together?" Tony asked, arching a brow up and shaking his head again. "It is still weird to see you in another body, you know that?"
"But you really think that's fair to her?" Clint frowned.
"Not generally speaking."
"What about it?" Tony asked, frowning as his hands started moving, tossing parts off the diagram and building new ones between his fingers.
"I was dying!" Tony protested from the doorway. "I'm not responsible for my actions when I'm dying!"
"If she brings her taser I will not be responsible," Thor rumbled.
Tony abruptly shook his head. "Yeah, a right old snarky queen is left in his place. But while we're on this subject, I've been meaning to ask. Steve picked up a kitten and Thor looked really freaked out for about the first thirty seconds."
Steve considered what the most pressing questions on his mind were and finally tapped the center of his own chest, "What does it do?  And why do you need it?"
"We'll make sure to name it something more substantial later," Natasha said, having none of Clint's arguments.
Natasha had come out to join them, taking up her position beside Clint automatically whether he wanted her there or not. As Loki's gaze swept past the two of them she leaned over to murmur in her partner's ear indicating the muzzle over the would-be ruler's mouth, "Silence is silver apparently."
Title taken from "Little Lion Man" roughly.
? Seriously, tell me you’ve at least heard of Khan.”
The kitten started purring even as it sniffed at the tuna and started eating finally.  Steve breathed a soft sigh of relief at that, "I'll take it to the vet tomorrow, and see about getting supplies for it too."
Bruce startled slightly at that, but nodded, "Help with the lights would be good.  Starting with where to hang them."
"Still, I'd rather you not fall at all," Clint said, glancing sideways at him.
Steve entered the kitchen, pausing when he saw the fondue set, "Is that the new one?"
"I'm sure it's the teachers, but I thought you trained most of them yourself anyway," Tony said, glancing over at Steve and wondering how much he disapproved of Charles' idea of what was a grey area.
"Well, you know, open wounds, stuff like that," Tony shrugged. "Your pain being in the same space."
, isn't he?"
Bruce spoke from where he was leaning against the counter, his fingers curled around a mug of tea, "It might not do anything out of the ordinary."
She considered Clint for a long moment, "It's the first holiday you've had without him."
"Clint will get something different, and Steve's getting wool socks, but yes," Natasha nodded once.
"I'd say that's a good omen," Steve mumbled, voice half muffled by the pillows as he turned his head to look at Tony.
Betty held up a hand to cut him off, "If you say friends, Bruce, I will waste the remainder of this perfectly good wine and ruin your shirt.  We won't."
"I fall and the Other Guy keeps me from ending up flattened," Bruce answered, but focused his gaze out or up rather than down.
Crossing his arms again, Fury glanced over at Natasha. Natasha returned Fury's look steadily, but didn’t say anything and the moment stretched on even longer.
A fews weeks later found Tony considering the posh and pretentious bar he’d found himself at, supposedly for an interview with an aspiring reporter. The drinks, he gave them, were good, but the atmosphere was doing nothing for him.
"You are too good for your own good," Clint muttered. "Alright, so you get choice of the pickings then."
"He killed Phil," Clint said, smaller. "He took my mind away from me and Stark thinks he knows what he's having drinks with."
Bruce paused for a long moment, "And if you don't find him before you have to face him again?"
"Because I have a stubborn streak and I keep hoping that eventually I'll hit on the one that you'll answer."
Clint blinked and his cheekbones flushed. "Well, it was pretty strong coffee. But I suppose the real answer is no."
Natasha watched them go, still considering the room as a whole, "At least someone appears to be having a good Christmas Eve."
A-A-A-A
“I have my ways,” Tony said, sniffing as if offended that Steve would even ask.
For a second Bruce just stared at him. “Do you think I
Steve swallowed hard and looked back down at Tony, "Who hung it?"
Startling at that, Bruce frowned and spoke softly, "Not that I'm disagreeing, if you're talking about who I think you are, but...I don't think I'm getting the full picture."
Bruce’s lips quirked, “Should we tell him these films are about thirty years old?”
"Of course," Tony agreed idly. "Wait, are you saying humans couldn't?"
"I'm not even tipsy," Tony protested the same moment Clint replied.
"Drinks," Clint said and frowned at the ceiling. "I wouldn't say no to revenge."
“Besides, it wouldn't make anything better,” Bruce said, frowning at Tony.
“Still doesn’t count,” Rhodey said and Tony pulled a face at him.
Tony let out a strangled sound of annoyance. “It was just one kiss under the mistletoe. It’s not like it meant anything so stop poking around in there.”
She listened to the phone on the other end ring, watching him and considering whether to have someone come pick up the decorations as well, "Scowling at them doesn't actually help figure out whether or not they're suitable gifts."
"You don't like cats?"  Steve asked, sounding surprised.
"And what else can I call you?" Steve asked, propping himself up a couple of inches so he could actually turn his head a bit further.
"Which means it's a good thing none of us were passionate about fondue?" Clint offered, leaning against the counter across from him.
"Eh," Tony shrugged, waving the bottle dismissively. "It'll be a PR nightmare I'm sure, but the building is still self-sustaining and I'm sure I have room somewhere. Besides, I sorta wanted to run an idea by you all when I'm less drunken like."
Hands shoved into his pockets, Clint considered the trees. "Nope. Totally, hella depressing. There is no other word for this."
"Hey, Thor, we're doing fondue!" Tony called down the hallway, startling Thor but he only shook his head. Natasha frowned slightly at that before pushing out of her chair and going to check on Thor, letting the others get started on the fondue.
Steve glanced up from where he was watching the kitten, "Because I found it shivering and starving in an alley.  It needed food and to warm up, it's really cold out there right now and going to get colder."
Tony looked flabbergasted even though the glasses and Rhodey covered up a laugh. "Hey, Bruce, I thought you weren't that kind of doctor," Clint said and handed him a plate of eggs. "Go forth and feed the needy while you're at it, would you?"
"Evening, technically," Tony replied. "Try not to destroy any buildings I like," he added over his shoulder.
"You may have an odd definition of good people then," Thor laughed.
Tony leaned up to lick the first knob of Steve's spine. "So if we can't call each other gorgeous, what will our pillow talk be?"
“Honestly?” Thor shrugged. “With you in the picture I don’t expect anything to be easy at all. But if I strong arm you enough it’s possible to keep you on track.”
"You," Tony muttered. "Could make the power you give a man go to his head really fast."
"I know," Clint said. "Shield actually had a briefing on the damn thing and whether or not it should worry us. But I stand by what I said. You need to probably ask him, sometime, when you're not being dicks to each other."
Tony blinked again, mind catching up. He propped himself up on one elbow, looking down at Steve. "Oh. So does weed affect you then because I thought you were being way too calm. Final thought, does the public know you use your mouth that way?"
Cnt made his way with the kitten around the edge of the room, reaching the bar area and letting the kitten down on the counter.
"Thanks for the food," Clint murmured, not sure the other could even hear him anymore before he carefully picked the boxes up to return them to the small guest room he was calling his own.
The other nodded, "Sure. Comes from living alone for so long in so many places."
“Who would I even be getting into a fight with?” Tony asked innocently and Steve just stared at him. “Besides the obvious. Which is—”
“Are you sure?” Clint asked, looking back at him. “I mean, I’m just asking because sometimes you say
Steve fell very still at that, putting all of the pieces together and glancing at Tony, but turned his attention back to the archer, "Clint, go take a breather."
"It's fondue two point oh," Tony said, glancing up as the first set swung down from the ceiling. "I didn't give it a motor."
"A little," Bruce agreed. "He...he seemed like a good man."
Steve laughed, "I can't believe that actually worked."
"And I'm still alive," Tony said with too much punch.
"And everyone's lives are his to use."
Bruce finally figured out where to hang the mistletoe and managed to get it put up, considering the room at large and the fact that they still had a large number of lights.
," Clint ground out.
Steve tucked the last of the lights in and stepped back, "Yeah, it's all set to hang ornaments on now."
"Ha, yeah, sure," Clint said. "I don't know if you've noticed yet, but I'm actually really good at walking myself into trouble."
"There have been forward steps, but there have been retreats as well.  They'll either kill each other or find a mutually beneficial partnership."
Bruce held up his water glass, "We have water if you'd rather."
Stepping into the main room, Steve's eyes widened, "This...Tony, this is...Wow."  His gaze swept around the room, taking in the large windows, the gentle browns with subtle teal and dark red accents, and the opening to a hallway off to the left.  “This is…this is, you’re sure about an entire floor? It's--it's just so much.”
"I'm very curious, but it's also a high-tension situation."  Bruce shrugged, "I'm not sure there are any questions that would get an explanation, though.  Not through direct means at least."
Tony snatched it up and held the cup almost defensively in front of his chest. "It would be for your own good of course."
Pepper looked at Natasha, hoping for some sort of explanation, but the other woman shook her head, indicating she had no intention of explaining.  Steve rose after a moment and Pepper reached a hand out to stop him, "Stick around here for a couple more minutes, Captain."
"So what are you thinking for Tony?" Clint asked, looking around and seeing a toy store, he headed there to look for chemistry kits and wooden puzzles.
Natasha set her things down, eyeing the tree skeptically, but only saying, "Start decorating, I'll go get Jane and we'll be back when we're back."  She disappeared into the staircase to go to the Quinjet.
"Aw, I'm sure it'll be good," Tony replied. "Like a frat—or actually no. Dorm? No, still bad."
would protect me. Not you, not even the Other Guy, but both of you. And well—”
Steve entered the office a few minutes later, thanking the private quietly as the man left and shut the door behind him.  He turned to Rhodey and held out his hand, "Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes."
"He saved my life the first time we met," Clint said. "So quite a few years where we worked as partners, he saved my ass I pulled his out of the fire. It was after we picked up Natasha by—well about four days. So long enough for me to get out of medical. Basically? Long enough."
"Having seen what you've proven capable of in recent months, and having examined past information, I'd say you Midgardians are making rapid advances,” Loki said, inclining his head. “Though there are still limits due to the general state of your realm."
Steve followed behind him, "I don't, I don't know.  Everything I think of seems inadequate or entirely meaningless.  I mean what do you get for a genius billionaire?"
"I try to avoid anything that might end in scars, even for the sake of your amusement, Stark," the other drawled.
When a shape moved in the darkness of his room he held his hand out, Mjölnir springing instantly to his grip. “Who is there?” he demanded, because he had no bothered to turn the light on. Some nights the electric lights of Midgard bothered him and he preferred to stay in the semi-darkness. Surrounded by New York it was never truly dark.
“Who was it, Loki?”
"They are trying," Thor said. "And I am fond of them."
Bruce stopped what he'd been considering saying, setting his plate aside and sliding a bit closer at the other man's reaction to the box's contents, "Clint?"
Steve considered for a long moment, processing everything Fury had said and pausing at the word 'lover' before setting it aside and meeting the director's gaze, "No, sir, I don't. A man has the right to know that the person he thought he was coming home to isn't there anymore. He has a right to know that he's got to figure out something else to live for. He's got a right to know that his world's just been turned on its head. Vengeance or not, it can get the job done. From where I'm standing you just lost yourself a good agent because of that little bit of truth you left out. You've been in this game too long, Director Fury."
"See, we were having a decently pleasant conversation until it came up," Loki said, waving a hand and breezing past Tony's words.
“I do still technically own this building, right?” Tony asked, pulling the box of cat treats toward himself to feed one to Samuel.
Clint’s mouth twisted and he turned his head, staring intently at the wall before he sighed. “This would be confusing enough. It’s just. We hadn’t known each other all that long—”
"Yeah, Iron Patriot or whatever he's calling himself now certainly doesn't have a hole carved in his chest, he has a nice one that sits in the suit when he needs it," Clint said and Thor slipped out, following Tony.
“What happens after this?”
“Um, the movie store is probably closer," he said, hefting up his own bag and slinging it over his shoulder as they walked. "Unless you're more nervous about finding something for Tony."
He paused, eyes flickering to one side. "Oh. Yeah, and Stark's been having friendly drinks with Loki. I told you earlier I wanted to find out what he was doing."
"Good luck with that," Charles replied with a smirk.  "You still haven't answered how you like having your own team.  Are you all playing nice?"
“Uh,” Tony started, mind catching up. “Sorry,” he said and started to take a step back before he stopped again, not leaving.
“You know, those chips,” Tony said, fingers digging into his shoulders. “Like, up here you're so broad and down here,” and he ran his hands down to Steve's waist, wrapping his arms around it. “You're shaped like a Dorito.”
"There's not a lot I want," he said, kicking the street as they walked and then paused. "I mean, I guess if you could find movie posters or something." Tony had done a good job decorating but Clint wasn't used to owning anything besides what he could carry or fit into a very small space. Everything felt superfluous to him.
“You don’t recognize your own brother?” a voice asked from the darkness and Thor dropped Mjölnir, stalking toward where the voice was coming from. He caught the slender form standing in the shadows and slammed it against the nearest wall, ignoring for a second the small gasp that caused.
Bruce paused for a long moment, not entirely sure how to respond. He finally lay a hesitant hand on Clint's shoulder, opting to remain silent.
"Thank you," he said, ducking his head down and starting to feel some of the panic and rage subside. "That, it means a lot, okay?"
"You don't need to communicate to sleep together," Thor said and sighed. "Though it is advisable of course."
“No,” Clint said abruptly, waving a hand. “That is not Star Wars, don’t even. Does not count.”
“Like you could count something like that—” Clint said at the same time Tony replied with.
"No, wait, the Avengers? Who decided on that? Why?" Clint protested.
"Mr. Stark," he said, hesitating before handing it over. "Have you paid for those sunglasses yet?"
While the rest of the team was watching the credits appear on screen, dramatic music blaring as the introductory text scrolled by, Clint realized he hadn’t actually watched the movies since Loki had arrived on Earth and Phil had died. While Agent Phil Coulson would pin any agent that spoke about science fiction or other media on the job with a glare, that didn’t stop him from being a childhood science fiction aficionado. He’d shared much of it with Clint, though it took the archer months to pry it out of him.
"Because I told him to rot in Helheim rather than feast in Valhalla," Loki replied, finishing off the martini and flagging someone down for another.
Natasha shrugged, "Difference of opinion and sheer bullheadedness."
“Spaceships,” Clint said firmly, nodding his head. “This definitely calls for spaceships. The question only remains which kind of spaceships.”
"No," he said, attention focused back on. "Just a trick of my imagination."
"And he hasn't done a repeat performance," Tony pointed out, flopping down to lie flat on his back while he held his hands up in front of him, making lazy circles and flicks as he talked.
"Oh good," Clint said, setting his bow down carefully and coming more fully into the residential area of the tower.
“You did that on purpose,” Steve said.
"It is a holiday to spend with family in this realm," Thor said, waving the hand not on Jane's waist around the lights and snow. "That will always hurt."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Both rich kids with a fondness for alcohol. Not that we were kids together. But, sometime, when I was going to MIT we crossed paths on break and we were both pretty sick of it—and drunk let's not forget that—and we made some stupid agreement not to lie to each other. And not be nice, either so much."
Pepper reached for the package that was in front of Tony, still wrapped and looked at the tag before setting it on his lap, not letting him ignore it any longer.  Steve opened the last gift he had, the one from Tony and looked at it in moderate confusion.
Snarling again, Loki lashed out with a spell more designed to startle than to do lasting damage in the hope that it would mean that Thor let him go.  He had known better, he should never have been out.  "You've been distracted.  She's prettier than I expected."
Steve sighed, "Tony, you're not a jinx."
Fury gave him a long look before shrugging. "There always is. That's what the paperwork is for you know."
Tony scowled. “Is this about the bottle comment?”
"Exceptions to the rule," Tony said, squeezing his fingers in Steve’s hair, holding on where it should have been painful.
Steve glanced at his watch, "It's five thirty, now.  Plan to be back here in two hours?"
"If you made that decision by yourself I'm going to pitch you off this roof and figure out how to calm down the Other Guy later," Clint said, a dark edge in his expression.
"I didn't realize you were in possession of ornaments."
At the mention of Loki’s escape, Bruce had tensed and Natasha’s hand went to where she usually carried a gun when in civilian clothes. Steve glanced around, nodding in agreement with Tony, “Everyone looks like they need a break so we should probably get those relaxing movies rolling."
Sweeping into the first high class department store he found, Tony waved a hand at the first shopkeeper. "Hello, yes you. We'd like your entire stock of Christmas ornaments, if you would. And garlands, we need garlands."
"On the plus side, it saved my life, the video I mean," Tony said but his eyes were glittering as he wrapped both arms around Steve's chest. "I don't take compliments well. It's always people who want something."
Bruce entered the kitchen, coming to an abrupt halt when he spotted the fondue sets, but recovering quickly and speaking to Tony, "Didn't expect to see you in here."
Bruce smiled at that before pulling out the necessary ingredients for pancakes, "Well, I was going to make myself something, if you'd like some."
"Oh I'm quite sure of that," the god agreed.  "Good day, Stark."
unsaid.
"You sold Phil's apartment," he said, seeing no reason for Fury to be giving him a check otherwise. "You sold—"
Thor nodded, still smiling at her. "But the fact you are willing to watch such strange people," he said, twining their hands together and starting to walk again.
"We always have berries," Clint said. "Except, oddly, strawberries which is an issue I am just not gonna touch."
Bruce watched him for a long moment before picking up the dishes and slipping quietly into the kitchen to give the other man space.
"All your attempts to the contrary," Rhodey snapped and Thor looked across the room with a frown, remembering Steve's snarled anger about Tony only fighting for himself when they first met.
"You're encouraging him, Cap," Bruce murmured into his glass.
“Jane is the only exception you get,” Loki said after he thought about it for a minute. “There will be no more later. And that is only if she agrees. I will not be a side bit to you for the next century.”
"Hm," Tony said. "Vintage. It'd make Phil happy."
“Okay if it has anything to do with Loki, I don’t want to know,” Clint decided, hopping down from the counter.
"Old misunderstanding," Steve answered, quietly, watching the way the new fondue set seemed to be considering the old one.
Bruce shook his head at that, “I’m pretty sure I’ve seen more films than you have, Tony.  And that’s really saying a lot.”
"As much as I could.  He was a civilian, and one of the primary scientists in Operation Rebirth.  He did a lot of testing for us.  He was a decent man when I knew him," Steve answered, nodding once.
"There's no reason not to," Thor said, still watching him.
Thor did not enter his room until late on Christmas Eve, shoulders feeling heavy as he closed the door. It was not that he was not happy with life on Midgard, which he won only after a certain amount of fights with his father. It was not even that Jane would not be there for Christmas morning this year because he was going out the next afternoon to New Mexico.
"I'll work on that," Clint said and tilted his mouth up to kiss Bruce, slow but not gentle or timid.
"Is that a common topic of treatises?"
The scientist rolled his shoulder slightly, “Well, the evening seems to be improving. It’ll go better once I’ve got some tea I think. Maybe sit down with some treatises.”
Tony hummed, sorting through the ornaments as he hadn't actually bothered to look at them before.
"I'm," Cap considered that briefly, "No, I'm good with that never happening actually."
Thor's eyes slide over to her. "Do you honestly think me unaware?" he asked, voice low in his chest.
"But he didn't harm any of the civilians or your teammates."
"Isn't there?" he asked, sliding a hand around her waist because that had always been so easy.
Tony managed not to snap that Steve was really showing that opinion there, before shrugging and hefting up the gifts that he bought, heading right for the door.
“I am angry on your behalf,” Thor said. “That you were betrayed.”
Loki grimaced, seeing stars briefly before lashing out, slamming his fist into Thor's gut as he snarled, "There is no redemption available to me, and I
"No ulterior motives?" he asked, looking at her sideways.
Bruce opened his mouth before he closed it again. “Is this why you’ve been avoiding me?”
"Do you know how heavily redacted all files about you are?" Steve asked in response.  "And any questions I asked you got sidelined with offers to use your shower."
"Well, you can have the couch," Tony offered, "And I certainly have a whole lot to offer in the drinking department."
"We can achieve such great things with team work, don't you think?" he said. "Thor's upstairs but I'm sure he'll be down in—"
"He can think what he wants," Tony said.
"Just because it doesn't hurt doesn't mean you're forgetting him, or betraying him," Natasha murmured, resting her elbow on the back of the couch and resting her head on her hand.
"I'll just use the guest room in your floor.  I have my own apartment on the next block, remember?"
"What about it?" Tony asked, flicking a hand and dragging the design from the table up in front of him.
And perhaps that was just how they were going to make it work.
"Just turn up the music," Tony muttered.
"Or something!" Clint said, panicked. "I’ve barely been able to accept signing myself up for one boyfriend, let alone a protective big green guy!"
Loki smirked at that, "Agreed.  It would be interesting to hear exactly what you lot have decided should be kept of your old tales."
Smiling, Thor nodded. "Yes, I do believe that would be wise. I'm sure the others will appreciate it too."
Steve leaned on one of his elbows, watching Thor in confusion, "What?"
Tony shrugged, still grinning. "It was such a nice change of pace." He almost added something glib about a lack of windows with a drop that could kill him. Setting his glass down, he pushed his way to his feet. "And yet, it is time for me to leave."
She arched an eyebrow at that, "It's probably good that there's an almost there." Laughing, he kissed her because there was an almost in front of most of their statements.
“Well, yeah, those ones are almost four hours each.” Tony gave Clint an almost horrified look when he pronounced that. “Dude, you’re the one who called me Legolas, yes, you get to watch them. You are sorely under educated when it comes to movies. How many movies have you watched in the past year anyway?”
Stashing his bow quickly Clint paused long enough to hit the wall before vaulting down to the next nearest rooftop. He had missed his one good chance.
Something stilled in Thor's face and he shoved Loki into an alley, out of the way of most passersby. "You've been watching?"
“Well good,” Loki said. “Do you—really expect it to just be this easy? Kiss me, inform me you love me and we’re going to show up to Jane and be like oh yes and you might be picking up my brother as well?”
Steve entered from where he'd been out for his morning run and moved over to the coffee pot. He glanced toward Tony and Clint, hiding a bit of a smile, "You're up earlier than I expected."
"There are a few, though not all of the myths are true to what happened, or true in the slightest."
(See the end of the chapter for
He tossed the sunglasses onto the pile that made the clerk blink, putting them back on the moment they were rung up, finally pulling the tags off. He'd gotten everything boxed, and the professional gift wrapping was almost done by the time Thor and Steve arrived.
