But he doesn't think... he doesn't think it will be this way with this alpha. If Castiel gets him off like he fingers him... fuck, does he want that.
Dean strips off his shirt, but Castiel's watching him warily with big eyes.
'Yes,' he slowly lifts his hands and wraps them around alpha. Alpha smiles and Dean returns it hesitantly.
'More?' Dean whispers, looking at his pitiful list.
'I really loved driving, since always,' Dean explains. 'My dad taught me when I was just thirteen.'
When he looks back up, Castiel is smiling gently, and he smells relieved.
'I was just gonna say I wanted to be Batman,' Dean chuckles and Castiel does too. 'But I know what you mean. I like jobs that are hands-on, too. I mean, not that I can have an actual job nowadays, but if I could choose.'
'I want you to tell me a fact about yourself.'
'No, like, really,' Dean insists, wrapping his arms around himself. 'I've been thinking. What if I... became a teacher, like you?'
Dean's quiet for a moment, before he says:
Henry goes back to his seat with a wobbly smile, still looking at Dean like he's seen a ghost. What the fuck. By far the weirdest introduction in Dean's life. Castiel pushes the cupcake container towards Henry, saying that Dean baked it, and finally starts the presentation.
'How did you
'Wherever you want,' Castiel promises. 'How about making me a list of things you really desire? In the next few days. Not just places you'd like to visit, but things you'd like to have, buy, change in our everyday life. Like your comics, or your music. And don't think about me, focus on what you want. What do you think?'
'What the fuck?!' he yells, and the smell of
'That's okay,' Castiel sits down, Dean hears, and also puts his back to the door. It's kinda like they're touching, except not. It would be so much better if they were touching for real.
'Music. That was good, exactly what I wanted, Dean. Thank you,' he says. Dean's watching him, surrounded by blankets, still puzzled.
'Good morning, sir,' Dean croaks, and then clears his throat.
He tries a smile, but it's obvious he really counts on this specific ride, and the fact that he's willing to let it go for Castiel makes him determined to ride this ride as many times as they possibly can. Dean wants to go there, and Dean likes horrors, can a few fake plastic skeletons really scar him for life?
Dean laughs, derisively. Angrily. Cas wonders if the whiskey affects him already, or if he's just fed up.
‘No!’ he protests immediately. ‘Sam can’t know.’
'Oh,' he swears Dean sounds kind of disappointed. 'But I mean, just so you know, it wouldn't bother me.'
'It's not!' Dean assures him quickly, but he knows he's not being taken seriously. Alpha thinks he's just trying to please him, which, true, he often is. But he'd really like to know more about alpha. He just doesn't know how to ask. And before he can work up any courage, Castiel gets up, puts their plates in the sink and heads back to help Dean up off the stool.
'Get some sleep, sweetheart,' Castiel says, and pets his head. Oh God, this is worth reading at least three more similar books.
'Of course,' Castiel nods seriously, sitting up. 'What?'
'Is it what you expected?' Castiel asks, stopping the car on the parking lot. There's a lot of people, but not an overwhelming amount.
‘I do,’ Castiel nods. ‘Because I can’t stand the fact that you were assaulted where you were supposed to be safe, and I intend to do something about it. I want you to see that this place respects omegas. But it's not worth it, not when you're this scared. I'll go on my own.’
'Yes, he was... he hit that man, knocked most of his teeth out. When I arrived, the alpha was on the floor, spitting out blood-'
'I can make it, alpha,' he replies. 'What would you want to eat?'
'What flavor?'
'You'd do that? Would be awesome.'
He's warm, he's well-fed and he's clean, and his throat and head almost don't hurt anymore. The things alpha asks of him are easy things, things that make his life better.
He used to fulfill whatever wishes alphas had without a thought, because that's just what he's supposed to do. Sometimes alphas don't make sense, or he's just too dumb to get it. He didn't question that. He only started questioning Castiel and his requests because they made him feel better, and that scared him, that was so new. But Castiel's right, it's not Dean's job to figure it out. It's his job to do whatever alpha wants him to do, and it makes him nervous cause he keeps expecting that if he benefits from it, it's gonna be a trap, but. Alpha's told him countless times now that all he has to do is follow orders. So he's gonna, and not even without question - his alpha is kind enough to leave him a way out, to use that 'safeword' or whatever it is, to make sure what he's really supposed to do.
'You will never go hungry, Dean. Never. I will never hurt you.'
'You'll be with me every step of the way,' he tells Dean, sitting next to him. 'It's important to me that you see it. That you see that you're safe at my office, and no one's allowed to touch you.'
'It's okay,' he weakly replies. God, this is so awkward. But it also... moves him, because alphas? Are never sorry. Especially not for things like these. What does it matter if he comes or not?
'Wait, please,' he says, looking at the sign glued on the glass door. 'They don't serve omegas here, alpha.'
'And you didn't even throw up once,' he tells Dean when they're walking again, the omega staring at the ground like he's planning to lie down and kiss it.
'Yeah?' he asks, and feels vulnerable and small.
'Of course,' Castiel laces their fingers together, more tightly. 'We're almost there. I picked one of the clothing shops I usually frequent, we can see if there's anything promising there.'
Not only Dean's being bullied, he's being harrassed. The book is ruined; there's a big, bright "slut" written across the front page with a red sharpie, and crude caricatures of him and Dean engaged in sexual activities. In one of them, Dean is giving him a blow job, and it's titled "Passing the course". Two other books are useless as well; the pages are torn, and covered in similar drawings and slurs, bitch, whore, fucktoy. Castiel's cheeks heat up; he wants to find every single person who did this to Dean, and tear out their throats.
'I'm pampering you, remember?' Cas asks teasingly, and Dean sighs. He hopes alpha will have a nice time here as well, at least. Plus, he looks fucking
'I'd rather not go there,' he says, stiffly. His scent turns to one of fear. Fear? Dean frowns and looks between alpha and the lions, puzzled. It takes him way too long to remember - alpha told him, after his family came over, that seeing this movie in the cinema, with the woman he lived with back then - Amelia? and her kid, it triggered him real bad, reminded him of his dad. Before Dean can react, alpha turns on his heels and walks away quickly, like he's physically restraining himself from running. 'Dean! Follow me,' he orders, snaps, which he never does, and it gets Dean moving.
He can feel Castiel tense underneath him, but he doesn't get mad.
'Used to travel some back when I was a kid,' he says. 'It was cool. Wouldn't mind doing it again, someday,' he sounds wistful, now. 'There's still so many places I haven't seen.'
'No way!' Dean exclaims, disbelieving, and takes it out. He touches the patterns reverently, his eyes shining so brightly, and Castiel can't help but match his grin.  The scent of Dean's happiness is overwhelming and it's so good, Castiel wishes he could inhale it forever. He opens his mouth to say something but is cut off when he suddenly finds his arms full of a very happy omega. Dean almost knocks him over with the force of the hug, and wraps his arms around him tightly.
'No,' Castiel replies, and refuses to sit. It would feel improper, somehow, to talk about what happened as if it's a regular meeting. 'Mr. Adler, my omega was assaulted here, yesterday.’
'Oh?' Dean blinks at him, for a moment, thrown. 'Right. Uh. Same.'
'No, Dean,' he assures him. 'Just trust me.'
He knows he's said it moments ago, but Castiel didn't acknowledge it and it really bothers him. And he knows technically alpha doesn't like him offering that, he just can't stop himself.
'No,' Alastair shakes his head. 'That's dangerous. Sides, pops drank enough to sink the boat in a puddle.'
'Hey,' Dean rasps, and then clears his throat.
'I had to go,' he whispers, immediately looking down and starting to shake. He hates himself for it, but it's just his body reacting on autopilot, nowadays.
'Alpha? I don't get it,' he says helplessly, but he doesn't think alpha will hear. 'Alpha?'
one more chapter to go i think. i feel like there's a need for more action and i will attempt to deliver. let me know what you think! :)
'S'just the way it is,' the omega insists. 'I still wanna go?'
'Right,' Dean replies and hurries to the dresser. He grabs the first pants and shirt he gets his hands on, and alright, it's really
hard to keep your guard up all the time, day in day out, knowing that just a slip up is gonna get you beaten bloody. So many things are hell about being an omega, and I'm with you when you get mad, but this - this just isn't worth it.'
'Nope,' Dean shakes his head. It was like something punched his entire body at once, he's never felt anything like that. And it was so cold, too, and the ghost was like, stuck in the loop of saying the same things,
'I'd love to see it,' alpha sounds earnest and honest and actually... interested, so Dean takes everything out and carries it to bed. He sits down in his nest, kicks the blankets aside and shows Castiel the photo first.
Dean can't answer, because as per usual when alpha gets inside him, his mouth is hanging open and he's grasping the sheets. It's not that it hurts, it's just... so much.
'Never, never about this,' Castiel kisses him again, and this time, Dean follows his mouth when they separate, and he timidly tugs him back down. He can feel that Castiel's still smiling when their mouths meet.
'I got no preference, alpha,' Dean shrugs.
he reminds himself. Even if Castiel lets him keep some things private, this isn't one of them. He said so, many times before.
'I know,' Dean whispers back. 'But maybe I'd want to?'
That's true. Dean knows it is. He knows that when he told Castiel in bed, days ago, that he was scared, he stopped. He knows that the next time they tried, he also got scared, and Castiel didn't get mad either. He wanted them both to enjoy it every single time.
(See the end of the chapter for
But then, he noticed the heat. The air was rippling like it did whenever it was disgustingly hot, and Dean was sweating in seconds. Cas was still asleep behind his back, in the room, arm thrown across the pillow and snoring loudly, and Dean decided to go back to bed and wait till evening. Maybe they really could stay another day...
'I t-think,' Dean says, and points to one of the higher buildings, one with a grey roof. 'The one on the left, that's your office?'
Alpha mercifully doesn't comment and just agrees. They eat, and Castiel proposes that they can visit his job together come Monday. Dean's enthusiastic, but then alpha leaves, and he's alone, again.
Castiel comes even closer, with no regard of personal space, and even though they're standing in the middle of the room Dean feels crowded, and as the alpha reaches down his legs-
'You never could understand it's in their nature,' mother shakes her head. 'We're above them, Castiel, we always have been. Seems like most people don't have an issue with that.'
'Of course, sir,' he replies, deferential, staring at the floor. Cas frowns at him and steps closer, but stops in his tracks when the omega flinches away.
A car honks at them driving by, the loud, clumsy noise drowning everything Dean said. His cheeks burn now, and he closes his eyes for a moment, mortified. God if this isn't fate lending him a helping hand. What is he thinking, saying he loves Castiel, right after the man told him he's getting too dependent? Ugh.
'Hold right there, buddy,' Dean murmurs to the bird, focused, and takes the picture. He grins triumphantly and really enjoys it when alpha pulls him back, his hands strong and steady on his hips. 'Got it!'
'You're so strong, alpha,' he pants, and Castiel wraps his arms around him. 'You've got - got real strong h-hands.'
'Not sure if I want to know,' he chuckles offhandedly, and he hates how vulnerable it sounds.
Castiel snorts at that and he looks really amused, when Dean does take his chance and peeks at him.
'What should I be pissed about, then?' Castiel asks, calmly, feeling like Dean's about to share something important. He stares at Castiel for a moment, biting his lip, assessing him. And it's heartwrenching, how he deflates suddenly, all his anger gone, and he stares at his hands. It reminds Castiel of how Dean looked back when he arrived at his house. Defeated.
'Yeah,' Dean pouts. 'Hey, you look better.'
Before he decides what to say, someone calls out, voice sharp and furious:
'I don't know if this helps or not,' Charlie sighs, closing her iPad. 'If you don't wanna watch the center's website, that's fine. Maybe we can do it some other time, or not. I don't care. Sorry for bringing everyone down. That's like the opposite of why I came here.'
. 'So fucking ask.'
Before Dean can figure it out, though, the fireplace behind their backs lights up suddenly, revealing an old chest on the floor.
'Brothers again,' Sam says, his voice wavering a little, and holds out a hand. Dean grasps it tightly.
Alastair leaving and not coming back for days while Dean couldn't move off of the bed, the nurse finally taking pity on him and giving him some morphine. Alastair coming back with the fixer-upper wheelchair, Dean's leg in a cast he didn't remember getting. The excruciatingly slow ride home, Alastair silent and pissed off, Dean in the backseat, still shaking, still determined to do better this time.
'Dean,' Castiel breathes, relieved and a little mad, cause he really worried.
'Yes I did!' Dean protests, outraged. 'Take me seriously!'
'You do?' he asks, both baffled and painfully hopeful, because if someone tells him what to fix, he can do it.
'You didn't even meet the word requirement and it's full of grammatical mistakes,' Castiel lists, pointing to the phrases he had to circle with his red marker. He's willing to bet there are more red marks than actual words used in this essay. 'It goes off-topic in the second sentence. You wrote their instead of they're four times. Four.'
'Oh,' Castiel says, and finally, he must get it. 'I'm not mad at you, Dean, you know that, right? I was just worried. I'm not angry that you were late to call me back.'
'Oh,' he says, and sits down, his legs buckling underneath him. 'It's all there. Really, I - look!' He opens a text message from "Dad". Castiel reads it quickly.
'Fine,' Castiel agrees, not even blinking. Dean doesn't know what he looks like, but he feels like his eyes are ablaze. 'I am a good alpha.'
Castiel puts the blanket down, turns on the lantern and brings over the food, but goes back to the car for a moment. Dean doesn't know what's he doing, so he unpacks the containers and boxes in the meantime. He's glad there's plenty of space on the blanket. When he sits down, he can still see the view.
'I like-' Dean starts to say. It's stupid, so he stops. 'Can I get up?'
Dean's out before alpha goes back to his seat, exhausted after the night of barely-any sleep.
'Now, we are going to go upstairs. You are on bed rest until you feel better, and I will take care of you.'
'Been thinkin' bout' you,' he murmurs against his skin. 'You're hot.'
'Thank you,' Castiel says, and she leaves. 'Do you mean the omega filter?' he asks Dean.
'Okay, let me reiterate: how is that great?'
life, it's taken him years to build it, they - he has to find a way to keep them out. Maybe if they meet somewhere else, he can cut it short, get rid of them quickly, but -
you like it when I do?'
'Nature didn't create you inferior,' Cas replies, the joy replaced by a sullen look. 'The society did.'
They reach the end of the store and he sees what they've probably come here for - whole rows of CDs and vinyl. He feels a surge of excitement.
Dean blushes almost instantly.
His fingers go to the buckle in the back but they're shaking so much, he can't unclasp the damn thing. Castiel grabs his arms and stops him.
They enter the spacious office with a wide desk. Adler looks up from his open laptop. He seems surprised to see them. That must mean Wilson didn’t visit him, begging for mercy. Castiel wonders if he feels nervous - panicked? - ever since Dean failed to show up in the motel room. Or maybe he doesn't believe Dean would tell Castiel the truth.
'Hm,' Dean mutters non-committally. He doesn't know how he feels about that.
Dean stinks of fear so much, it's making him nauseous, but Alastair leans forward, inhales his scent, and exhales, pleased.
Dean scans the prices and the offers, the menus and the drinks, trying to maximize their haul. He's never been on a romantic burger date like that, and he's a little self-conscious about the idea. He's all too aware that alpha tried to take him somewhere Ritz-y, and his counter offer is to just sit in the car and eat trash food. It sounds like heaven to him, but... shouldn't he have tried harder? He falters a little in his calculations, and frowns. Why the hell is he so worried about alpha
The following day, he visits Dean in between his classes, carrying some of his favourite snacks. He's rarely in this part of the campus, but he finds his way without problem, having memorized Dean's schedule and classrooms. The right room is on the second floor, and he waits on one of the uncomfortable, hard wooden benches until the class is over.
'You want to listen to more?' Castiel looks like he's counting on it, too, but it just never occurred to him Dean might offer it. Does he honestly think Dean wouldn't dig laying in bed, their hands together, listening to songs?
to have sex.
'I could try to look for more keywords, and...'
'Fine, okay, so there are probably three major things I want to tell you, first, uh,' Sam's hands are shaking, Dean can see that now. His breath is shallow and he chuckles nervously when he says, 'We got him, Dean. The guy, the guy we were searching for. He was sentenced to death in county prison. He's been dead for years.'
It's not good to lie, but it's better to lie than to say he's bought two drinks like he's made of greed. It's not like he profited from it, so the lie doesn't leave a bitter taste in his mouth.
'Don't be,' alpha rubs his thumbs over his shoulderblades, and then
to try!' Castiel snaps, picking up his coat. 'I keep telling you that you're important to me, that you have to be kind to yourself, and you go and cut your hand open so that I hurt you further! Did you even think about what I told you, or is it all just empty words to you?'
it's all so much. Can we just let it be?'
'What?' Dean asks weakly, tensing in Sam's embrace. No no no. 'What did you just-'
Dean nods. It's not really true, but at least he's not hurt. He doesn't understand what's going on with him. He always associated submitting with fear, but that was just - that made him feel - right. Good, it made him feel good.
mating anywhere above the ground,' he warns, but he smiles as he says it, and there's not one bit of fear left in him.
Castiel feels determination well up inside him. He will do better.
It sounds a little lost and a little shocked, laced with need and want, and Castiel tugs him back up and pushes him against the wall and hugs him so close, he hopes they become one, and covers him in hungry kisses. Dean responds, a little slowly, at first, but then Castiel touches him between the legs and he makes a sound like he's just become alive.
'That's okay, Dean. Actually,' Castiel thinks he knows what it's all about, and he's feeling optimistic. 'I think that's great.'
'I'm so happy you came to see me,' alpha replies in that strangled voice that he uses when he's emotional. He gently lays his hand on Dean's shoulder and the omega leans into it. 'I missed you.'
'No, tell me.'
Dean thinks bashfully, this is my alpha. Spoils me and takes me places and listens to me. They're gonna actually
, he probably didn't come in, he thinks, quickly throwing the comics back under the bed and sprinting downstairs.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel chuckles.
just looking at the disgusting man makes his blood boil.
The reply comes almost immediately.
Fine. Okay. Sure, Dean does trust him. Castiel disappears in the house and Dean waits, and waits, and waits. God, how is he gonna explain all this to Sam? And Charlie, and Benny - he'll probably never see them again. There will be new alphas to meet and to impress at alpha's new workplace, that is if he ever finds a new workplace. What if he never does? What if they're gonna be poor and Castiel won't have the money to pay the bills? What if they'll have to sell the house, what if they'll become homeless?
Castiel reaches behind himself and grabs Wilson's crotch in what must be an iron grip, judging by the way Wilson's eyes almost pop out of the sockets.
, first. You have to be able to exist separately from me.'
'I won't ever harm you, omega, I give you my word,' he tells him seriously, because this is no joking matter, this is something he can understand. Well, he's not an omega, but he imagines it's a dreadful existence.
. He just feels kinda - a little stupid next to Cas, who's already brimming with all the bee knowledge. They had to pay extra for Dean to be allowed to come inside, and it knocked him off his balance a bit. They've only been on this road trip for a week, and it's already more expensive, cause of him. It's obvious a place this... funky, isn't meant for omegas. It's one of the entertainments for the educated people, getting to visit a bee... farm, or whatever, and Dean feels...
'Is it too many? I'm sorry,' Dean says miserably, and there's dread, stale and choking, crawling up his throat. He hates this. 'I thought it'd make a good gift. For your work? We have to bring something. I, I have to bring something. So they know I'm a good omega. That's how it works, that's how I - am I, is it a bad idea?'
'No,' Castiel promises. 'Can you come out? I wish to hold you.'
'It's not,' Charlie convinces him, too. 'There are punishment centers, right? But also training centers, and the general center where they house omegas before they find their mate, or where they heal them and marry them off,' she explains. Dean knows that. 'This, this is something different. It's a center for both you and your alpha. It's where alphas take their omegas to make their relationship better, to understand each other.'
'I shall clean up,' he announces. Dean waits silently. Alpha brings over some wet tissues and cautiously wipes Dean's hole and balls and cock, getting rid of dried slick. The touch is feather-light and Dean doesn't flinch this time. He stares at Castiel, his sweaty skin and a couple of small tattoos he has on his left side, just below his ribs. He's noticed them before, but has no idea what they could mean.
'No,' Castiel replies. 'I've had some relationships that lasted months at best, but it was never what you might call true love. Nothing's just ever worked out. I don't think I'm the most interesting partner.'
respectable.'
'Oh, of course,' Dean sounds understanding, but he also... deflates a bit. Castiel would think it's relief, except something's off. But what? 'I'll just stay here, then.'
'Right. That's comforting,' Dean replies feebly. 'Okay, maybe we can go see something nicer and more cuddly, now, alpha?'
'Is it okay,' Dean asks, swallowing with difficulty. 'Cas.'
Castiel's thought about it, but he thinks it's too early. Maybe when Dean feels more secure. Considering how overwhelming the mall was for him...
There's a pause, and then Castiel says, 'Of course.' He sounds weird. Maybe Dean wasn't allowed to dress himself. Maybe it was a mistake. He wraps his arms around his stomach, praying that the alpha'll just let him leave, let him go clean or change the sheets or do anything else but stand there, looking like a failure.
'It wasn't,' Castiel shakes his head, still slightly dazed. He never suspected Dean could have passed the tests. 'I apologize for my reaction. I don't think you're stupid, far from it, but you do seem to detest the educational system.'
'You want to dress up as a cowboy?' he asks. Dean shakes his head. Yeah, he wants it, but even disregarding the price, he'd look dumb. Not unless Cas wore it too, and even then - even then... He's an omega. He already feels dumb and out of place just the way he is, and if he adds a costume, he thinks people will laugh at him or pity him as if Cas made him do it, dressed him up like a pet.
'But why wouldn't Alastair just sell my stuff? The phone had to be worth something, and there's still like six bucks in my wallet.'
Castiel knows omegas can come untouched, but he's never checked if Dean had, and now the guilt eats away at him.
oh man i really enjoyed working on this chapter!!! :)
'What?' Dean frowns, and takes out the second earbud. This means he's being serious, Castiel learned. 'Why?'
'We came here once, years ago, and I loved this place,' Castiel tells Dean, his eyes darting around the restaurant. 'The meals were fascinating! And they support organizations that plant trees and protect the planet.'
'You starin' at that damn menu like you're blind or somethin', you want some coupons? I already had my burger fill for today.'
He shows Sam the photo of them with the Batman statue. Sam takes it from him and looks interested, smiles, even, so Dean takes that as a cue to stop feeling stupid and go on. He shows Sam his old Nokia.
'Can I go look? Please?' he asks Castiel, feeling like an overgrown child in a candy store.
comes out, but it doesn't change anything -
Castiel feels sick.
'So now that foreplay's over,' Charlie dumps a huge pile of sugar in her coffee. 'Tell me what's up, guys. All the gory details you wanna share, I'm here.'
'I'm very happy you get to interact with other alphas in a friendly manner,' he tells Dean slowly. 'You like Benny, right?'
His fingers are trembling and the cream shakes in his hand, and his sight is suddenly blurry.
'I think you don't understand,' Dean replies, his throat suddenly dry and his cheeks starting to burn. 'What it means to have your brother see you turned into an obedient little bitch. You know, in the movies, it's always like... have you seen Gladiator? You take the hits, but there's some part of you that you don't give up. Some pride, some decency. If they try to take it away, you off yourself. Going out with a bang, always thought that was brave. Never could bring myself to even think about it, though. I just... I wanted to live. Even if it wasn't really a life.'
It's 8:50 when he decides he can't take it anymore. Castiel's snoring next to him, and Dean knows he likes to sleep for a long time, but they went to bed kinda early so maybe he won't be mad.
Dean shrugs. This, alpha seems to know, cause he comes over and gently takes Dean's hand.
'Can you touch my hair?' he asks, and sighs and hooks his arm around Castiel's knee when he does. So maybe he's clingy tonight. Whatever.
'Good,' he praises and Dean cracks a tiny smile. He's being good. 'Alastair is dead and you're safe.'
'Swim?' Dean gapes at him. 'Dude, it's like 35 outside, we'll fucking freeze.'
He sounds so painfully careful, but Dean cringes at the idea.
something inside him whispers, and he tells it to fuck off. That's not happening; maybe they're going to Sam's? But what for? Or maybe they're gonna look for new work for alpha, right away. Filled with doubt, he hesitates, but this is Cas, he shouldn't be scared. He walks up to their house and pushes open the door, and hovers near.
different. And then the rest of it - at first it feels bland, like a chore, and Dean's almost bored and just wants to go to sleep, but then - then the alpha seems to grasp the idea, somehow, and wow, then Dean does feel something. It actually takes a lot of effort not to ask to come. When alpha's done and they're tied, he waits for the man to sprawl all over him, but he doesn't.
Dean drops his eyes and shrugs.
with every thrust, sliding up and down the wall, and Castiel wants to worry about his back but really all he can feel is Dean's heat, the feeling of being inside him of moving inside him of being one with him, and
Dean's kind of terrified, but not in the usual way. What terrifies him is that he thinks he
'For someone so pragmatic, you really can be rather dramatic sometimes,' Cas says, and Dean gasps, offended.
Despite the fear, Dean finds the word hilarious; the man's just had his fingers up his ass, but he didn't mean to be forward. Castiel and his adorable politeness, even in the middle of sex.
Alphas and betas see me and they think, wow, this one's never learned to be a good omega. And you know me, so you know how I am, but I don't want other people to say, hey, Castiel got a used-up one that doesn't know how to behave.'
'Dean, if you don't improve in the next month, I will have to fail you.'
'Huh,' Dean replies. 'So you think - the Shurley center is not doing so fresh, these days?'
do want this, right?' Dean asks, glancing at his flaccid member. Sometimes, Castiel wishes they were already past the stage of mutual reassurances, but it's very important and only slightly annoying.
Dean realizes he's just laying there, staring, not making a move to cover himself or roll off the pillow.
he texts.
Dean nods, uneasy.
'No,' he finally manages, shocked and furious. 'No, you cannot "fuck him",' he spits the words out. 'Dean is
But alpha clearly doesn't feel the same. He purses his lips, the excitement gone, but whatever his initial reaction was, he tries to hide it from his scent. Dean thinks he's probably upset. Are they gonna go back home?
'The next time when you have the check-up, I'll go with you. I won't leave you alone.'
Maybe it's the way he says it, or Dean's just wrung out, he doesn't know; but he unlocks the door and slides back on his ass, staring up at Castiel when he opens the door.
and this time, he also sees Dean, he sees his Dean beaten to hell and betrayed, and he won't let it happen.
‘N-no,’ Dean shakes his head, staring at the key in the ignition. ‘Uh - I’ll go. I should - I should be there. If nothing changes, this can happen to other omegas.’
'It does make sense,' Castiel argues. 'There are always people we just like more, and like doing things with them more, or another way.'
The question hangs in the air. It's tense and Sam's tense, too, looking anywhere but at Dean, waiting with everything he has for the answer.
'Look, we got so many!' Dean turns to him and grins, and they're walking away. Then he reads the labels of the coupons and gasps. 'We can get popcorn
Dean would make a joke and maybe even get away with it, but he's not in the mood.
Dean does roll his eyes this time but really, this is like the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to him, and if he weren't already blushing to the max he'd blush even more, and then Castiel hugs him and really starts kissing his shoulder and his chest, and Dean giggles and pushes him away.
. He truly knows nothing about cars.
'There's no need,' Castiel nudges him out of the chair, sits down and then sits Dean on his lap. 'Look. If something goes wrong, we report it to Benny.'
'Eat,' Castiel orders. 'As much as you want. And sit your butt on the couch, and watch some movies, or browse the Internet, or listen to music. Relax, Dean, and do whatever you want to. Alright?'
'God bless glass walls,' Dean murmurs, breaking his chopsticks and starting to shove chicken and rice into his mouth. 'By the way, I made that list. Of things that I want.'
For a beat, Dean wonders if it makes any sense. How is that different from showing gratitude? Maybe it isn't. Maybe Cas is right and he's just looking to settle something inside himself, the old way. He's just so tired of being unhinged.
So much could've happened. He could've been sick, or lost people, or had an accident, or maybe he was just missing his family. Unlikely, given how he never even tried to contact him over the years, but... Alastair didn't like Dean having any acquaintances. Maybe he just made sure Dean would never be found.
'You think you have the right to come into our house and insult me?' Castiel retorts. 'To spy on us, instead of visiting Dean? Are you afraid to speak to him?'
When Castiel leads him to their sun-painted kitchen, he follows passively. The past three days, ever since he cut his hand, he's been doing his best to be brave. Alpha not hurting him changed something, and Dean doesn't know what it was exactly, but it feels like some invisible weight was lifted off his shoulders. It's easier to be a bit more rude, a bit more assertive, when he knows that he won't get hurt for it - and better, that it could make alpha happy, too. But it's still new, and so unreal. Letting go of the things he was taught feels like speeding down the highway and then suddenly seeing a wall of concrete ahead, and it jerks him back to the sad, dangerous reality and the fear threatens to swallow him whole.
More timestamps to be added! :)
'You know you can,' Castiel laces their fingers together and stares down at Dean.
?' Castiel asks, looking lost. 'He left you and your brother in different cities and he - he studied symbols, religion, looking for a reason?'
'I do,' Dean nods. 'He's cool.'
'Hey, no,' Dean's voice breaks and his chest is hurting, it's really hurting. 'I didn't know you were just doin' it for me. That's exactly what you don't want
'You look very nice,' Castiel compliments him, and it's true. It's different than Dean's usual domestic look.
'You're shaking,' Castiel runs his hand over Dean's chest and Dean presses himself into the touch. 'Are you sure you want this?'
I wanted it,' Dean interrupts him. 'I did, and that's the problem, I love mating with you cause you're always so nice, I told you, so why did I like this? I don't like when alphas are rough with me. But God, that was, I mean... wow. Is it - is it gonna - change things?'
'People are, Cas!' Dean protests, feeling wounded and dumb. 'People do that, all the time!'
'I just thought we could still go to the zoo,' Dean explains quickly, dropping his eyes.
'Okay. Thanks for dinner and everything, alpha,' he stops for a moment, but then adds: 'I never ate enchiladas before,' he shrugs sheepishly, avoiding Castiel's eyes. 'That's a fact.'
So Dean doesn't ask and empties the entire mug in one go. He thinks this intake of caffeine is going to make him too jittery, but he's not gonna question alpha. And the satisfied way Castiel watches him as the puts down the empty mug makes something flutter in his stomach. It's stupid, it's not even been an order, but Dean feels omega-good because he did what alpha asked and now alpha's happy with him.
Back home, Dean looks relieved to get the new pills, and Castiel intentionally leaves the whole instruction out on the nightstand, so he can read through it if he wants to. Just to make sure he's not being lied to.
happening. In an instant, he gathers all the strength he has and pushes the attacker away. He's not gonna get in trouble for that, he's
He tries to wiggle himself out of the tight hold. It doesn't really work, and alpha grumbles in response. Dean doubles his efforts.
'Don't you think you
'You wanna fuck?'
'Yes,' Castiel confirms, getting up and wrapping an arm around Dean's waist. He leads him downstairs, joining the crowd, and some of the students part to let them through. Dean holds his head high, but Castiel can feel the tension in his shoulders. It's strange to think that those adults around them have bullied Dean in such a childish, cruel manner. Then again, Castiel knows the first-year college kids, fresh out of high school, with rich parents who pay for everything they want and prejudices bigger than the amount on their bank accounts. Kids who will belittle everyone out of their clique. And he recalls quite a few individuals with just these characteristics, from his classes only. Like the dumb boys in jersey sweaters, with shoelaces costing more than Castiel's salary, staring at them now with hands in their pockets. The idea of those idiots beating his Dean up in the bathroom and tearing his books has Castiel see red.
'We can go out more often,' Castiel says. 'I have to admit, I didn't spend a lot of time in places like these, but with your company, it's enjoyable.'
Castiel joins him on the blanket and takes in all the food.
'Fuck, you taste good,' Dean breathes, right into his face, and Castiel stares back, shocked. Dean looks... aroused, surely, but also a little sheepish, like this is uncharted territory for him, his eyes wide and vulnerable and a slightly overwhelmed smile on his face. It's kind of sweet and kind of heart-wrenching, but most of all, confusing.
getting better, that Castiel's somehow managed to show him that he won't hurt him. And finally, Dean seems to come out of his shell a little, testing the boundaries, trying Castiel, and the alpha's thrilled. It works, whatever he's doing, it works and Dean is becoming his real self.
'Did you enjoy it?' he asks, very very tentative.
'No,' Castiel shakes his head. 'More like, I could find us a set of random questions and we can draw them and get to know each other better,' he looks up from the screen, sheepish. 'Would that be acceptable? I realize it is not an incredibly social approach, either, but I thought...'
'Yeah, we have,' why is she so insistent about it? Dean wonders if alpha told her something.
and Castiel wants to say something but he doesn't know what, his mouth open, throat working, and finally
The guard takes him to a small changing room. Dean remembers it from the first time around, and he prays that the weird alpha got him some pants, at least. He strips off the suit and hands it back to the guard, and then looks at the plastic bag with what his husband brought him.
'What? No!' Dean protests, forcefully. 'I, okay, I'm gonna - I kinda like it, okay? And it makes me kinda, you know, like, what the hell? Cause am I scared, or not, am I just a whiny b-' he stops under Castiel's warning gaze. He will not allow his omega to call himself names. '-baby,' Dean finished petulantly. 'I thought it'd be easier when things get better, after he died, but my brain's all messed up. It's not fair.'
But alpha still seems to like Dean for more than his body. Why, Dean has no idea.
Dean's heart beats faster and he smiles at the screen. Alpha's not giving up on him.
'I can keep going, I'm not super hungry or anything,' mumbles Dean, hesitantly inching closer as he realizes Castiel won't lash out.
'What are you doing?' Dean keeps looking at his crotch, his eyes tearing up again, but he bites his lip hard not to cry. He suspected alpha didn't like his body, but no one ever denied him that yet. He's really good at it, and he could show it, and how else is he supposed to show he's sorry? 'Dean. Dean, look at me, right now.' He looks up, because the voice is serious and cold and he's scared. Castiel looks down at him, those blue intense eyes staring at him, and Dean doesn't know what he sees on his face except maybe extreme confusion. His scent, which Dean can finally pay attention to, isn't angry either. It's really concerned, so worried that it kind of chokes him with the intensity - even though it's reaching Dean limited because of his blocked nose. 'What are you doing?'
They leave the house and stop in front of the car.
'I swear I'll be the best just please keep me,' Dean begs, placing a hesitant hand on alpha's knee. If he's good, if he's good if he's good, he can stay, he knows, good omegas have happy homes, useful omegas stay. 'I can clean, I can cook. I'll be quiet, I'll shut up I won't - I won't talk at all, and I don't need anything-'
'I promise you I will,' Benny says solemnly, and Castiel feels a little bit better. He really trusts that he will. 'Send me your address, the taxi will be there.'
'I clicked on everything,' he reports, sounding proud. 'It all makes sense.'
'Why? I thought you were happy with me.'
'Can I tell you about the - what happened. Can I tell you about something that happened yesterday?'
'Do you want to go upstairs? I'll help you finish the nest, if you'd let me,' Castiel offers just now, Dean blinking the memories away and smiling uncertainly.
'Yeah,' Dean smiles back, a little bashfully. He doesn't feel so good in front of a camera, but maybe it'll be awesome to have a reminder of this back home.
'Are you excited for tomorrow?' Cas asks, when he's finally wrapping the pasta around his fork, and lifting it to Dean's mouth, because somewhere between kiss 107 and 121, alpha decided to feed them both. 'The cowboy town.'
'No,' he pleads, panic clouding his mind again. 'No,
?!' Dean exclaims. 'Why freaking hide, travel to another city just to see if you fulfill your husband duties, this makes no sense! It's - it's Sam!' he doesn't know how else to explain it. 'And then he left? I heard he left, during the meeting with the Ketch guy! Why would he leave? Why would he - how did he find me?!'
He only realizes he's falling asleep when something soft settles on top of him. It's a blanket, and Dean blinks and looks up at alpha blearily.
'Black, if I can. No sugar,' he specifies, and watches in slight amazement as Castiel takes out a big mug, different than before, and starts to make him coffee. Dean closes his eyes and rests his head on his arms. He must doze off again, the lack of tension making him relaxed, because the next time he opens his eyes, there's a blanket around his shoulders, a mug full of steaming coffee, and Castiel has his back to him, flipping eggs on the pan. Dean gladly takes a sip and the taste is rich and full; it's gotta be the good stuff. He smiles into the mug, and catches Castiel turn around to watch him. He stares at him for a moment with an expression Dean can't decipher.
That's a year early. Dean thought Sam was still at Ellen's, back then. Not that he thought a lot about Sam. In 2000, he was just starting to understand that he was meant to be a good, obedient omega. He stopped running away, stopped thinking about home. His last escape attempt was on New Year's Eve, he remembers that well. He thought Alastair would be too busy getting drunk with his buddies to realize, and that the people working at the center would have a day off and wouldn't track him until he got far away. He didn't really have a plan - there was nowhere he could hide with the tracker, but just the idea of tasting freedom, of being away from Alastair for a few hours, of seeing more than this claustrophobic city was enough to risk it.
,' Dean explains, and gets on his knees. This is how he starts showing that he's good. He was the
He hurries out of the bathroom, pushing past Sam, and no one stops him. He slams the bedroom door behind himself. He ran out of rooms to hide in, this is his last one.
'What the fuck?' Dean stares at him, disgusted. 'Are they fucking five?'
'Dean, it's me,' Castiel announces and Dean doesn't feel terrified hearing his voice. He feels curious and alert, but that's all. About time to stop being afraid of his own shadow.
Plus, alpha's not gonna get mad. Dean's like, 98% sure at this point. The stunts he pulls all the time; swearing, saying disrespectful things, joking; telling his alpha what not to say, demanding things for himself; just taking and taking and taking, and alpha
'Yeah, but I-' Dean takes a breath, trying to ignore Charlie staring at them. 'I mean, it could help you relax, you deserve it. And I'll put in a lot of honey, so it'll taste good.' God, he's so stupid, it was a bad idea. 'You like h-honey, I mean - bees, right? And - please.'
'No, I did,' Dean assures him. 'Seriously. I - I mean, it was kinda awkward-'
He lets his hands wander down, to Castiel's firm buttocks, and squeeze them lightly. Alpha moans into his neck. Feels so good, him and alpha huddled together.
'Thanks,' Benny grunts, firing up the grill. 'You likin' what you're seein' too, chief?'
'The punishment is you being sad,' Dean sighs. 'It fucking sucks. I don't want you to be sad, ever.'
'Hold on.'
'I feel like dominating you,' Castiel reveals, as if it's something to be ashamed of for an alpha.
'Sure,' Dean takes his phone, his ring, bracelet, matches, watch, wallet, knife - all of it - and on top of it, the amulet Sammy once gave him, and balancing the pile in his arms, goes upstairs. He hears alpha sigh heavily, but doesn't stop. Once in the bedroom, he hides everything in his drawer and sits on their bed, staring at the windows and not thinking about anything.
'Drink it,' he says.
'Dean, it's just hypothetical,' he assures him. 'I didn't change my mind. It's the example you asked for.'
'I believe the proper name of that plant is Buddha's hand, Charlie.'
He caresses Dean's back as he says that, his hands under the covers, and Dean's trembling. Okay, so alpha likes being touched. He'll remember. That should pan out well, if they both like to cuddle, Dean's bound to never let him go.
They continue shopping and Dean's ready to declare that yesterday and today have got to be the most awesome days of his life.
Castiel's eyes are shining, the corners of his mouth turn up.
She smiles as she sees him, but she looks a bit concerned, too.
called a
Dean feels alpha turn tense and seething next to him.
Dean sends him an unconvinced smile, but he falls quiet and eats his salad. Later, he browses his old phone for hours, smelling like longing, when Castiel tries to sleep, wishing he could read all of Dean's messages, wishing he knew even more about his past. Wishing he knew that their future will turn out good.
'You and me and the car,' Dean mumbles, and somehow, it must be the best thing to say, cause Castiel's smile grows and it's startled and surprised. His scent changes too.
Dean looks almost hurt for a split second, but then the infuriating smirk is back.
'Hmm?' alpha blinks, caught off guard. Dean's holding up the honey samples and prays Cas will go along with it.
Oh. Dean glances back at Cas.
'Don't.'
'Alpha!' he exclaims from the stairs. Castiel turns around to him, startled, in the middle of making dinner. 'You're home. I'm so sorry, I fell asleep.'
Dean shrugs, blushing a cute pink.
- jumps out of bed and hurriedly puts on the boxers from last night.
only to settle on Castiel and the pure, overwhelming relief in Dean's expression steals Castiel's breath away.
,' Dean insists, but he looks too worn out to get mad. 'What are we doin'?'
'Dean I will
He starts out slow, but it feels so good, dealing with that insistent gnawing need, and he spreads his legs even further. Alpha's scent is really doing things to him. He tries to imagine that the hand on his dick is alpha's, but he knows he'd touch him differently. Still, it's not bad. He thinks of alpha standing in the doorway and watching him hungrily, naked, so hard he's almost purple and leaking, his knot forming but alpha not doing anything about it. Just... watching him. Telling him how to touch himself. Making him stop just when he gets to the edge. Making him massage his hole, slip a finger or two inside, and then go back to his cock. Leading him right through it. His intense gaze, and him saying, 'Dean,' and then, 'Good boy, show me how much you like it,' and then, 'Yes, like that, that's right, good boy, Dean, I love you, Dean-' what the fuck, no, where has
But with Alastair, it was different. Alastair was mostly unpredictable and inventively cruel. Dean's entire focus was on survival for the almost twenty years he's spent with the man, and he was on edge all the time, attempting to avoid triggering his alpha's rage. It was a testament to his persistence that he managed to predict what Alastair would want from him quite often, and learnt to read his moods. Of course, that sometimes meant choosing the lesser evil to get away from more... violent consequences.
, that's insane. That shouldn't matter at all.
On Wednesday, Castiel spends the afternoon going through the essays. Dean plops down on the couch next to him, and sighs deeply.
'That's fine, baby,' Castiel sends him a smile. 'Really. You needed your sleep. And I've learned how to cook thanks to you!'
Cas nods, looking pensive.
Properly
it. Worse, he'd already set that plan into motion.
. 'Wow, cool.'
Castiel opens his mouth like he's going to say something, but then he doesn't. He just nods and embraces Dean, and Dean leans into it happily.
(See the end of the chapter for
'The worst thing was that,' Dean starts, and swallows, and looks away. 'He wanted me to call him alpha. I didn't - I didn't wanna do that. I told him no, but he - he pounced, and he raised his arm like he was gonna punch me, and I - I panicked, and I said it,' he admits, his voice laced with shame. 'I was stupid. He wouldn't have hit me, he'd have left a mark, he couldn't have done that. I thought - I thought I was better than that. I can't stop thinking about it.'
'Mine's in September,' Castiel replies. 'September 4th.'
'You can touch me,' Castiel huffs out, impatient, grabbing Dean's hand and bringing it back to his chest. He starts moving again, and Dean hesitantly traces his skin with his fingers while he's still going slow-slow-slow. In and almost completely out, and it's adding to the pleasure building low in Dean's stomach. Alpha's so soft to touch, with no bumps and scars, his skin pristine. He's starting to sweat and Dean loves the smell of it, the scent of their arousal combined.
'Does that mean I get another payment?' he asks, puckering his lips in an exaggerated kiss. Castiel laughs, surprised, and pushes him away gently.
He could probably afford something here. A closer inspection confirms that the prices are high. He tries not to let it dishearten him, cause he knows if he shows it, Cas is gonna buy out the whole shop just to make him happy.
'Y-you always get mad when someone hurts me,' Dean points out, feeling terrified and stupid with his hand still stuck in the sink, because it's going to drip blood on the floor if the takes it out. Castiel wasn't supposed to be awake just yet.
'Of course I did, it's rare you get so excited about something,' Charlie rolls her eyes playfully.
'I'm certain you had a much more enjoyable time with your family,' Castiel frowns at him.
Castiel's shoulders sag and he watches as Dean cries, helpless.
'What do you want me to do, then? Should I just decide, after not even a month of living together, that it's going to work out?'
Dean startles, surprised.
Dean goes to the bathroom, then, and leaves the door slightly open. He leans back against the wall, on the same side that the mirror; he hates seeing himself, especially when he tries to sneak some pleasure like that. First few times, he was terrified of Castiel discovering and getting mad, but he had said it was okay. Still, he doesn't want to take up space or use anything, so he spreads a towel on the floor in case it drips and squirts some shampoo on his hands, the one they share. He knows alpha's gotta have some lube, but yeah, he's not gonna
In the next minutes, two people arrive - first, an elegant guy in a suit and tie, looking slightly disgusted and very out of place as he sits down by the wooden table. Must be that Ketch asshole. Dean thinks the room looks really posh, with the dark blue carpet and the fine polished surface of the thick table, but that guy looks way more expensive.
'But only sometimes,' he says weakly, his voice thick with tears. 'Can't be goin' soft.'
'Do you want me to come with?' he asks seriously, and Dean feels shame course through him.
'Thanks so much for taking me here, alpha, and for taking this ride with me,' Dean mumbles into his coat. 'I love it!'
Castiel gets up and Dean flinches so hard, he almost hits the headboard, all pretense of being cool and brave gone just like that.
Very unprofessional.
He doesn't. He really, really doesn't.
'Just corn?' Dean asks.
Another pause.
'He didn't like to deal with an omega in heat. He said it's too gross,' Dean shrugs a little, his cheeks getting redder. He's embarrassed. 'I mean, he was right. It was messy. But the pills, they'd just knock me out for days because he didn't like to hear me whine or cry or anythin'. Cause it, you know, burns, if you don't -' he trails off, gesturing towards his backside, and then stops. Clears his throat. 'Anyway. I wouldn't remember anything, but I'd be sick afterwards. Like, too hot, or fainting, or puking my guts out. It felt... wrong. And the pills, I don't... they... I just don't like them,' he finishes lamely.
'Pretty thing, ain't ya?' the guard asks, staring at Dean, but it lacks the usual leer. It sounds... friendly? 'Good to know Castiel's finally settling down with a mate. Been a long time coming, if you ask me.'
wants to kiss him, just cause he's there.
Castiel nods gravely but doesn't reply and he leaves a big tip. He cheers up again when the waitress comes over and hands him a pamphlet about the Earth.
At first, nothing makes sense. Dean wanted to show alpha what his brother looks like, maybe share a little of his worries, ask alpha for advice. Should he try to contact Sam? Is it pointless after all these years? Does he even
Well. Not his business.
,' Dean groans, and thumps his head against the back of the couch. 'I hate school. I hate everything.'
'Sorry, alpha,' Dean replied, head down, wanting to move away from the cold fingers resting on his lower back.
'Yes, of course. I wanted to ask you...'
'Alpha?' Dean asks in the darkness, cause the alpha is laying on one side and already starting to fall asleep. 'W-where should I sleep?'
'Is it standard for omegas to have no pubic nor facial hair?'
'No,' alpha says, and instead, leans in and hugs Dean. He moves closer and lightly kisses him on the lips, but it's still chaste and delicate. 'I want you to drive. Do you want to?'
'I don't know what else you want, but-'
'You liked that man's blanket,' Cas suggests, tugging him along to where the menswear is. 'Do you want to get one?'
'Yes, sir,' Dean nods jerkily. 'Alpha.'
'If you decide to keep him, just try to make it good for him, Castiel, and I'm sure it'll be good for you too. You're always alone, maybe having him around will be way better than you expect it to be. Having an omega is... it's special. And if Dean will really hate living with you, you talk to him and return him, if that's what
‘Hey,’ he says, finally, when it’s time, rubbing Dean's back. The omega stirs and wakes. Castiel can tell he knows what’s coming as soon as he opens his eyes. He looks so resigned, it breaks his heart. ‘Dean,' he leans closer, presses his lips against Dean's skin. 'It’s going to be fine.’
'Where the fuck are you gonna go,' said Dean, pissed off and disbelieving. It wasn't even a question, it was a statement. The real meaning was behind it - you can't leave. You can't leave
... wow. It made him feel like he was flying. He made such a risky, independent decision, and alpha
'I- I have something for you, before we go,' Dean confesses. He smells nervous, now. Castiel frowns. He got him a gift, too? He hopes the omega didn't feel pressured to do so.
He also never needed to come twice the same night, but now he does, now he thinks if he doesn't let off some steam he's going to explode.
'Man, here I was thinking you were gonna hate me. You waited for me to come and rescue you while I took years to do it,' Sam says, finally. 'Turns out you weren't waiting at all.'
this chapter was beta'd by Fledhyris
'What, you think I don't got what it takes?' the omega asks, irritated.
'What kind of music did your brother like?'
'What?' Castiel insists, turning to look at Dean. The omega worries his lip between his teeth.
'Hiya, fellas!' someone calls out. Dean whips back to stare at the guide who's approaching them. 'First time?'
She holds out a carrot to Dean. Dean stares at her like she's crazy. Can't she smell him? Doesn't she see the wristband? He takes the carrot, but makes sure that the red band is right in her face. She doesn't seem fazed.
There's a beat, and Cas cocks his head to the side.
'I - I just th-thought-' Dean stutters lamely, wishing he would just shut up.
'Whatever,' Dean says, not meeting Cas's eyes. He lies back down and turns his back on alpha. 'Sorry I touched you when you didn't want it.'
Dean scowls; annoyed, angry, Castiel doesn't know. He stares at the alpha for a moment, like he's trying to figure him out, and Castiel simply waits. Then, Dean shakes his head with sad acceptance, and says:
Dean can't help himself and laughs at the serious tone, but also at the impossibility of it.
Dean shakes his head. He can't, he can't.
'They do some exams but uh, sometimes,' Dean nervously rubs his knees. 'Sometimes something's wrong with you, and that's when you worry.'
'Yeah, I wanna go,' he replies. 'But you have work tomorrow, right, alpha?'
'It's an omega thing,' Dean grumbles. 'I gotta do it. You should've given me more of your clothes.'
All of these thoughts run through his head in mere seconds. As he hears Dean's heavy exhales and hitching inhales, he decides he can't stay away.
Henry huffs out a nervous, incredulous laugh, but then stops as he realizes Castiel's serious.
'I swear! You can sell my clothes and stuff and I'll sleep on the floor, and I don't have to eat everyday, I promise. You can take me to that training center you found. You can tell me what to do and I'll do exactly that, I won't ever question you again, I promise, I'm good, I can be a good pet-'
said another, and underneath was a list of collar models and some numbers. Maybe measurements? Dean had to admit the collar he got was nice, it was fitting and snug around his neck. It didn't chafe and while simple, it didn't look cheap. It was just... comfortable, a band of relatively thin brown leather.
'I'm happy that you're happy. I am,' Sam hurries to add, seeing Dean's suspicious look. 'But you've had it really bad before, man. Are you sure you don't think he's so amazing just cause he treats you like a person? Cause it should be more. It's not just that he makes you breakfast sometimes, or lets you speak. It should be-'
'You don't want me wearing it?' Dean asks with a bite to his voice. Castiel frowns. Sometimes Dean's
'Like what?' Castiel prompts, stretching his legs. Dean's eyes follow the movement and he swallows.
But alpha must take it for embarrassment at being undereducated.
'My apologies if my guest has upset you,' he says. 'Some alphas are just more alpha than others, I suppose.'
'I can still fix cars?' asked Dean, looking at dad, careful not to cry. Only babies cried, but he was feeling especially lousy that day. Dad's big dark eyes were so sad then, but he smiled at him and hugged him close, and said 'I'd like to see anyone stop you, kiddo', and no one did. Not until he met Alastair. Dad kept his promises for as long as he could.
Dean's really good at throwing, it turns out, and it's no surprise, given how he's apparently great at throwing knives. He still misses one target and gets a look on his face like the world is ending.
'Dean, please sit down.'
'Yeah,' Dean agrees.
'Yes?'
'Even if you have a high pain threshold,' Castiel says, getting up from his seat and taking some ice from the fridge. He wraps it in the kitchen rag and presses it to Dean's knuckles, delicately. 'I'd still like you to tell me when there's some damage to your body.'
'I don't know,' he says. 'You said it was your job and you didn't mind, but you had to stay.'
Sam rolls his eyes and lets out a shaky laugh.
, in the morning when he's so hungry, when alpha's not mad and actually talking to him. Dean thinks it's because it's still relatively early and they're both tired. There's something about mornings that strips away the tension.
in his hand in some horrible, odd way, and he feels tears run down his cheeks. He wrenches it open and there's the photo of him, Sammy, dad and mom in front of their old house.
Sam knows. Sam
'Let's see what else is there?' he asks quietly, and alpha nods instantly. There's Dean's car magazine. It's ruined already, but he takes it from alpha and flips it open, knowing every page by heart.
He thinks if they try, they might still manage to turn this evening around.
'Why don't you invite him over?' Castiel suggests gently. 'I know my apartment's not... very luxurious, but we could still have dinner together, get to know each other.'
'Jeans off, please, get'em off,' he urges, and helps Castiel unbutton them and slide them down his hips. Then, he pushes his underwear down with no inhibitions.
'It was - my mother,' Castiel tells him, his voice bland and emotionless and he feels detached as he hears it come out of his mouth. 'She's coming here with my brother.'
Dean only stops him when they're on the stairs to the lower level. There's a glass wall next to them, high-up, and Castiel looks at the street below them and thinks,
'I was, my dad taught me,' replies Dean, squaring his shoulders. He waits for Castiel to disapprove, but he doesn't. He doesn't pry, either.
'Haven't seen you in
'About fifteen minutes, I just had to call the janitor,' Castiel replies, turning in his seat. He's surprised that Dean's
'No, it's not, I haven't seen the bad box in too long, I forgot -  I wasn't supposed to see it, that's bad, that's so bad, now-'
'In the flesh,' Dean replies, smiling a little wider. Sam huffs and rolls his eyes, and pulls Dean into another bear-hug, almost sending them both into the tub. 'Geez, buy me dinner first, Sammy.'
But Castiel laughs a little.
'It's okay,' Castiel's hand pets his knee softly. 'Do you know what's inside?'
He stares at Dean but Dean doesn't look back, he keeps watching the floor. He thinks Castiel waits for some kind of reaction, but he has none.
He has like a million questions. How was living at Ellen's? How was school, what was Jess like? How did it feel to finally face mom's killer? What words were exchanged between Sam and Alastair? But somehow, no matter what he'd ask, it'd just rub in his face how much of Sam's life he's missed, and how little he himself has to offer in return. He doesn't want to talk about his life at Alastair's, obviously; there's just a handful of abuse-free moments he could ever share, and he doesn't feel like it. Truth is, until now, Dean's life was focused on training, and recently it seems like no one really appreciates his hard-learned skills.
'I kinda have this thing with - with heights,' Dean blurts out. Oh.
'No, alpha.'
'No,' Dean huffs, irritated. 'If I wasn't out of line.'
stand for. But Dean continues, not giving him the chance. 'But, uh. Even if you coddle me all the time. Even when I act like now. You've done such a nice fucking thing for me, bringing me here. Paying for it. You care about making me happy. And here I am, ruining it like always. And you still - you still look at me the same,' another involuntary sob comes out of his throat, and he covers his face with his hands. 'Thanks.'
'Guess so,' Dean shrugs. 'Maybe that's why he gave you the money and the center. It bothered him and he tried to understand your side of things.'
What the fuck. Dean wrings his hands in distress. An alpha, in the
'I assume you're a fresh couple,' the doctor says. 'Is your alpha your first partner?'
'Dave,' the beta says, and shakes Cas's hand. 'And here's Sarah.'
you,' he's not sure if
'My parents founded one of the first omega training centers.' There, he's said it. He's met only with silence. 'That's why they're dangerous to omegas.' The doorbell rings. 'I - I have to go.' Castiel hangs up and takes a deep breath, puts the phone in his pocket.
, in his bed, in his kitchen, on his couch.
'Yeah,' Dean replies, looking up from his notes. 'Thanks. That doc... he really got what I meant. It surprised me.'
He gets out of the car, abruptly, like he’s made a decision, and Castiel’s left staring after him, rendered speechless. The selflessness of his omega astounds him, over and over again.
There's so many shops and people, and the bustle and noise are more than Dean's used to, especially after his quiet weeks in the house. They live in a relatively calm neighbourhood, and Dean's never wandered downtown, so it comes as a bit of a shock. There's music on the speakers, every shop's window seems to want to try obliterating their competition by being as bright and colorful as possible, and people talk so loudly.
'Apologize to him,' Castiel repeats, staring Wilson down. He's made of steel.
'Did you - was it you?'
'No, nothin' like that,' Dean promises. 'He was nice, wanted to help out.'
the way you taste.'
'No, just your pretty cock.'
'Yes,' Castiel looks for a pen on the small shelf under the coffee table. 'I thought that would have been obvious. I said you will never see my omega. You won't see me either.'
'It's me, Sam,' Dean snaps. He can't believe Sam didn't get that.
'He got arrested soon after he left that motel,' Sam explains softly. 'We thought the, uh-' he glances at alpha, and Dean follows his gaze, lost, '- the man we were searching for, he knew dad was coming, and sent the cops after him to get away on time. They found the - you know, the unlicensed guns and the stash of fake IDs. They linked dad to some of the crimes, but they didn't have enough proof to keep him there for long.' Another uncomfortable glance at alpha. 'Dean, I really think we should talk in private-'
He couldn't imagine himself feeling so much for the man.
'No,' Castiel frowns and bends down to read the label. 'Oh, that's - oh. We should take this inside.'
that the man touched him.  He went all the way to the motel.
'Why would I...?'
'Dean?' he whispers, reaching out to gently run his hand through his dark blond hair. The omega seemed to like that before. Though Castiel suspects he was just distracted because of the medication and sickness; when he had to help the omega inhale the saline solution, he was so drowsy he actually let himself be held and calmed down.
'Thank you so much,' he says into Castiel's neck, and pulls away. He opens the blanket, holds it up, and it turns out to be easily bed-sized.
'So what are they?' the kid frowns.
The scent hits him before he sees who it is.
'He's not bad,' Charlie admits, dipping her carrot slices in ketchup. Castiel makes a face. Ever since Dorothy made her eat healthily, she’s been coming up with the weirdest solutions to make it more bearable. 'Sure knows his stuff. But he's just... I don't know, so serious.' She frowns. 'You know what, kinda like you. Yeah! Actually, now that I think of it, I know why you two get on so well. You're both Robocops when it comes to work.'
'Alpha?'
the eye-roll. 'Maybe they need your signature.'
fight,' alpha levels him with a knowing gaze, and Dean flushes a little. God, he forgets that he's so transparent sometimes. But apparently not when he actually
'Okay,' Dean swallows and hugs himself tight. Here it comes.
'I truly have no words,' he tells Zachariah. 'Let us through.'
'Yes,' the alpha confirms patiently. 'Where do you want to go next? We still have to get groceries, but-'
'I made you a PB sandwich,' Dean announces, taking it out of the backpack. 'And some coffee.'
Dean shrugs.
What the
He sees Sam frown and his scent turns to one of alarm. Geez, this is gonna be a long evening.
His head hurts and he wants to go back to sleep.
It makes him even more excited for tonight's dinner. He's gonna make it so good for Dean-
'I won't, I won't,' he promises, desperate but disoriented, his ears still ringing after the first punch. Alastair must see how out of it he is to let him off so easy. He sobs. 'I won't please I won't-'
They try another stand, and the omega hits all the targets, again. It's the last shooting stand at the fair, and Castiel can't help but drink in Dean's confident stance, long lines of his body, his ruffled hair and his focused face, eyes sharp and mouth set in a thin line just before he fires. The neon lights behind Dean make him seem like he's out of this world, this strong, handsome man in a feracious glow of a thousand blinding lights, and he's all Castiel's to keep, to protect, to love.
'Yeah,' Dean replies. Now that he talks about it, so many years later, it really sounds crazy. It sounds like he and dad were messed up beyond repair. But it didn't feel like that. Dad had solid proof, and if the police wasn't going to catch the guy, who was going to? It kept happening, but in states so far apart from each other, no one seemed to make a connection. 'I didn't really see anything grisly. I was just happy to help dad. I felt like I was finally doing something. I've also been... since my dad was a beta, sometimes he'd send me into a police station or to some office to, uh, flirt with the alphas in charge. I could get whatever I wanted. Documents, photos, free food at some restaurants. I never actually did anything, but it was enough to... be there, talk to them. I was kinda hot back then, and kinda confident,' he smiles self-consciously. 'I guess that got them going. It was also great when I was playing poker or pool, man, I could hustle like a pro,' he remembers himself and loses the smile. 'Which was, of course, inappropriate and I'd never do it again. I was also - stealing,' he feels like it's a confession, not that he's ever been to one, but he imagines that's how it'd be. 'Food, keys, sometimes a car. Rarely a car. Sometimes I drove my dad places and he needed to... get away quickly if someone realized he wasn't who he pretended to be. I was good at that,' he mentions. 'Driving fast.'
'Is this your omega?' the guy asks, irritated, but Castiel pays him no mind, just nodding dismissively. The staff guy isn't happy, but he retreats. Alpha shows Dean where to get drinks, and they join the coworkers by the table, and Castiel tells him to sit down with them.
The next day is easier. Dean wakes up early, but Castiel sleeps and sleeps and sleeps, and there's no usual alarm to wake him up. Dean wonders if he should get up and make breakfast, but decides against it and falls into a light slumber. His throat aches, his nose is leaking and he still feels like shit. But he knows what to expect today. Sort of.
puzzling, and it's tiring.
He's the sweetest alpha Dean knows. Well, most of the time.
'Yeah. Some horror movie, or whatever. You could sleep if it gets boring. You could hug me when I get scared,' Dean wiggles his eyebrows and Castiel laughs, surprised. 'Only if you wanna.'
Alastair made some deal that he was ecstatic about, and when he came back with the owner, hands shaken and smiles exchanged, they stood over Dean who shot down all digital zombies in record time.
'Alpha,' he hears, and scrunches up his face.
Dean flinches back, drawing a sharp breath, and Castiel sees a huge purple bruise all over his ribs where his shirt rode up. He tries to uncover it, get a good look, but Dean wrestles the hem of the shirt from him and drops it down.
Charlie opens her mouth like she wants to ask more but Castiel gives her a look. Interesting, Dean thinks.
It's like a jolt of electricity. Before he realizes what happened, Dean throws himself into the empty stall and locks it behind himself. His eyes water, his legs give out and he half-sits, half-falls to the floor and he curls into a ball, hands over his head, knees to his chest, not being able to
'If I break a rule, I get punished. And it was a rule at Alastair's, so it was fair. You just got different rules, alpha.'
'What cabin?' Dean frowns, but he looks interested.
He's pale and he knows he stinks of distress. Castiel doesn't look mad, but he pauses the loading screen and puts the remote down.
doesn't want anyone to touch me,' replies Dean, trying to sound stern and failing. The stranger grins predatorily, shows a row of blindingly white teeth.
Castiel looks - disappointed, Dean thinks, and he feels distraught.
The guard leaves, and Dean exits the room to find his new husband waiting on the other side.
'Fine,' Castiel sighs, forcing himself not to feel guilty about
Oh God, alpha's really doing this for him.
'I came optimistic,' Charlie corrects him with a grin. 'Okay, let's go team!'
But there was one thing that drew his attention - notes, made with a garish yellow highlighter. Dean squinted to decipher them.
) and now he's being punished. None of this makes sense. He never would've thought alpha could- just give him to someone else, just like that, after everything, and now - some other alpha he'll have to listen to, and who can hurt him and-
, like nothing before, like it's a live thing, pulsing and overwhelming.
for it to be funny. As they put their hands on the fangs and rub them, they meet each other's gaze and burst into quiet laughter together. It's dumb and it's perfect, Castiel's wide careless smile and his blue playful eyes, and Dean can't stop himself when he leans forward and goes for a timid kiss. Alpha gets with the program and embraces him, and they make out in front of the viper until Dean glances over alpha's shoulder and sees some family approach.
'I don't want to see the lions,' Castiel mumbles, finally, and it sounds defeated.
The movie starts and Dean feels like he's melting. They're cuddling. They're
Right. Dean swallows and it takes him three tries to slide the icon and start the conversation.
'Dean?' alpha asks, concerned. Dean realizes he's just standing there staring at the knives.
Castiel reappears when he manages to zip up his jacket. He still looks disoriented and jumpy, and his eyes are wild, darting all over the place.
Dean blushes and can't help it. He feels like a schoolgirl, but for years no one's been saying nice things to him, and when Castiel does, he just feels so... flustered.
'We will?'
When Dean shows up again, he's dressed in his own clothes, Castiel's shirt nowhere to be seen. He's probably thrown it in the wash, and Castiel reminds himself to give him another one for the nest. He finishes the quick dinner he's made with the things Dean got from the shop, and they sit down to eat, the omega sending him a shy smile. The food's not very good, but Dean devours his portion, glancing at him from time to time. Castiel can't stop thinking about Henry and Sam. There was something so disturbing about the whole situation, and it wasn't just the horrible request itself. Sam looked... fond, fascinated upon seeing Dean's photo, not aroused. The question he asked next seemed to come out of nowhere, as did his change of expression and now that Castiel really wonders about it, there was no arousal in his scent, either. He did seem... menacing and... burdened. Like he's seen a lot of things and they've made him a little unbalanced. Maybe that's what it was, but at the same time, he was handling the legal problems of the company, surely they wouldn't hire an unhinged person. And then... he didn't seem angry when Castiel told him to get out, he seemed almost pleasantly surprised.
'Now, I think it's time to reposition,' Castiel sighs, looking down at Dean. 'We might be tied for a while.'
, but like... oh my god, I can't believe you're such a prude about this. How does Dean react to it? Does he enjoy it?'
Castiel can't hide his flushed face, he can't hide how happy Dean's confession makes him.
'No,' Dean replies, his lips numb, but his body angling towards Castiel. 'He scratched my back and groped me some, but...'
Dean's head snaps up, he completely forgot.
'I put in a bad password, I think,' the omega takes the notepad from Castiel's desk and writes it down. 'It just came to mind cause of the Mexican food day.'
This time, his smile is a bit wobbly, so Castiel takes that as a cue to kiss him on the cheek. Their shoulders bump together.
'Wow,' Dean frowns. 'But you're an alpha?'
Castiel tears his eyes away from the live band - a group of elderly, obviously expert men in smocks - and looks at his mate. Dean doesn't look happy anymore, he looks overwhelmed and out of place, taking everything in. For the first time in a while, it feels like sitting there with a stranger.
They get wine, and Dean doesn't usually drink it, but whatever. Alpha wants to make a toast. To them. It's not even their anniversary, it's so fucking cheesy - and Dean wouldn't have traded it for anything else in the world. Their glasses clink and then Dean spends about twenty minutes sipping wine, sort of wishing it was beer, and listening to alpha go on about penguins. He's gesturing animatedly, his eyes shining. Dean wishes he were more confident, wishes he convinced the zoo guy to stick around with Big Pete. Alpha would've loved getting to touch that snake. Maybe some other day, they'll get a chance. There's probably a lot of other places to visit in a city as big as this, and maybe one day, they'll go on that trip alpha mentioned... but probably only after he'll be done with his project.
'Yeah,' the thought doesn't bring any relief, because Dean knows he won't need to call, not about alpha, anyway. But he thinks once the shock wears off, the idea that he can talk to Sam or dad just like that, anytime - it's going to be
He doesn't even notice when he's back under the covers. He likes the amount of blankets and pillows and pulls them around himself, closer. It's soft and safe, and shelters him. He's quiet, as per usual, and looks expectantly at the alpha, not sure what's going to happen. He probably won't beat him when he's so sick, but he might later.
'This was better than the first part?' Castiel announces, and voices it like a question, and Dean sees that the end credits started rolling.
He closes the door and follows his family into the living room.
He knows he's yelling but he can't stop. He takes big gulps of air and he's shaking with more than fear now, maybe rage? But the concept is so alien, he doesn't think he could ever be mad at his alpha. Especially not this one.
'I'm just worried. If Dean changes his mind...'
A door down the hallway creaks open, then, creepily. Dean bounces on his feet, excited, the omega almost forgotten.
Dean hums absently, his eyes still on Castiel, lighting up for a second (amused?, Castiel wonders). Then, he flicks his gaze back to the screen, where a bee is flying out of a hive, bathed in sunlight. It's a beautiful shot. Castiel starts stroking Dean's hair with his other hand, and Dean flinches a little, but doesn't tense further. Instead, he seems to welcome the touch.
He doesn't remember it. There had been too many instances just like this one, and no matter how much he racks his brain, he can't trace back to that day, looking for just a hint of Sam, his car in that parking lot. Did it look really bad? Was Dean already skinny, gaunt, with that empty, haunted look in his eyes?
'Do you think we could turn it on?' he asks, turning to alpha, pressing the call button on his Nokia. 'D-do you think we could turn it on?'
'It's not easy, sometimes, but it's satisfying,' Sam leans back against the booth. 'The run-of-the-mill cases in court, I got used to them.'
got old,' Dean counters easily. This is better than he expected. He doesn't know why, but Sam behaves like he came here guilty, not to make claims. He behaves like he's the younger brother, not like he wants to upturn Dean's new life and show off what a good, perfect alpha he is.
Castiel stops in the parking lot, and he sees Dean's still using the controls to skip the songs.
Dean doesn't know what to think of this. An apology. Castiel supposedly being mad because Dean thought he wanted to hurt him. That's like... the opposite of what alphas get mad about. Alphas like it when Dean thinks they're going to lay into him.
He can see the guard approach him from the corner of his eye, but his new alpha is frowning and he only has eyes for him. He holds out an arm and Dean flinches, but he just closes his hand over Dean's, and the touch is gentle. He gives him a soft smile, and up close Dean can smell him, and it's calming, he's not mad at all. Dean exhales slowly as the alpha holds his hand steady and they manage to sign his name together. He got lucky. Seems like this alpha isn't trigger happy and lets some things slide.
It's Tuesday, which means Dean's classes end very late. They were supposed to always drive together, but it proved impossible due to their varying schedules. Most days, Dean's back before Castiel, but sometimes, he has evening lectures and the alpha has to drive down on campus late at night. It's always worth it, though. Dean waits on the curb next to the entrance, and he looks like he doesn't expect Castiel to come. He always lights up when he spots the car. It's subtle, but Castiel has learned to notice.
'Oh, sweetheart,' alpha says and picks him up, and Dean can't find it in himself to be embarrassed about the way he clings to him. 'It's alright.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Yeah,' Dean nods. 'And will you? Cause yesterday... I know I fucked up, but you got really mad. Can you tell me before you get mad?'
'Your friend sounds cool,' the omega says, taking the first bite while Castiel puts on the movie. It's exactly what he's described he likes, back at the shop - the long pasta with tomato sauce and minced meat.
Dean swallows.
'I can wear alpha clothes?' Dean asks, frowning hard, once the idea behind the jumbled offer gets to him.
'Dean,' alpha purses his lips. 'I don't think it's safe for you out here, on your own.'
'Doesn't your alpha have one?'
Alpha chuckles.
'It was Sam's choice to sacrifice years of his life to look for you,' alpha tells him. 'You're not responsible for that. It was also your father's choice to leave you in the motel room. He knew you would've been in danger if he hadn't been able to come back to you.'
'Yeah, boss, he's here in one piece, just went to the bathroom, want me to go get him?'
'What?' Dean asks, and he sounds heartbroken. 'No way I'm so weak!'
Come Wednesday, Dean stays after class and he looks really nervous.
He feels kinda scared, like it's an interview. He
, how is that even-
'Yes,' he confirms. 'I'm - I'm alpha Castiel's omega. He asked me to pick up the phone-'
'Of course. But don't overwork yourself. I can clean as well.'
(See the end of the chapter for
Oh. He blinks and looks back at Castiel, who seems a little concerned.
‘Logan Wilson holds a grudge against me for my last promotion. Yesterday, he cornered Dean in the break room,’ Castiel continues. ‘He forced him to undress and blackmailed him into meeting him at a motel for sex. He claimed to be a Chief Tech Officer, and told Dean he will fire me in case Dean doesn’t keep it a secret or refuses to come.'
Dean smiles, sourly.
'No, it can wait, Dean,' alpha and Charlie say at the same time, and Dean cracks a disbelieving smile. Charlie huffs.
, something inside him says, and that's really weird, because it's not even
'No! No, I don't know,' Dean hugs himself, frustrated. 'Look, I was just trying to - I wanted to make you feel good because I wanted you to feel good, simple as that, okay? Not to show you how freaking grateful I am, or anything. Just cause - I appreciate you being... like this. And I don't know any other ways to show it, okay?'
'If you return him, it's like 90 to 10 he'll end up with an abusive asshole. Not many people are as woke as you and I, man. And you already paid a price for that, with your family and all.'
The realization slowly dawns on Castiel's face. At first he looks horrified, and then... apologetic?
'I'm sorry to interrupt-' he says to everyone in general.
'No, alpha,' he assures. 'These clothes are amazing. Thank you for letting me wear them.'
Well, Castiel wasn't going to complain. It gave him another excuse to hug Dean and take care of him. His omega has been so open and honest with him the entire evening. It's only been a few days, but their progress astonishes Castiel. In his wildest dreams he's never expected to experience so many new emotions and really bond with the abused omega he's welcomed into his home a month ago.
Alpha holds his hand when they exit the room. Alpha's briefcase stays behind, but not the cupcakes and not his laptop, and they balance it nicely as Dean follows Castiel to a long conference room with glass walls overlooking the entire office. Some people glance at them, some even stare, but no one stops them or asks them anything. Dean wonders if the workers at their computers never talk to Castiel, because he expected some greetings, at least. Maybe alpha doesn't know them.
'I mean, you come up with ideas all the time, alpha. And the way you speak, that's like some Shakespeare stuff. And I've only just begun to know you.'
'Well, yeah, my scent changed and I got pulled out of regular school. They, uh, I... changed schools, a lot. We traveled a lot, like I told you before. Different places, different cities.' Castiel furrows his brow. 'What, what's wrong?'
'And the next rule - you don't go anywhere without asking me, alright?'
'Well, I was passed out for a couple hours, I think,' Dean goes on. 'The people from the center came by to pick me up. They told me what - what h-happened. The accident and everything,' he swallows hard and his hand tightens around Castiel's. 'I never saw him in the morgue or anything, but in my dreams, I see him like that. All... scorched, covered in burns. His skin is red and black, and it's almost like he's not human at all. He only stands by the bed and... stares at me,' Dean trembles. 'His eyes - h-his eyes, they, they have no pupils. They're all white. It's not like it's the only thing, I usually dream about my life with him, but then, right before I wake up, it's like I open my eyes, and he's... right there, smiling and staring, like he knows something I don't.'
(See the end of the chapter for
'What?' he asks, stiff with fear, but mostly disbelieving. Why would Castiel - his good alpha - kick him out? He thinks it's a joke, at first, though it's so obviously not, but he just can't process that it could be true. 'Why? If you wanna be alone, I'll just stay in the room-'
'You'll find out in a moment,' Castiel says, but he's still smiling, so Dean takes a breath and tries to calm down. It's okay. Nothing bad is going on. 'Go on, get inside.'
'Yeah,' Sam glances between Dean and Castiel. 'And will you?'
'Really? Wow, that's great!' Charlie exclaims and leans forward, her elbows on the table. 'What do you like to cook the most?'
'What will?'
This isn't how he's supposed to say it, he knows. Everything's wrong. There was a whole different life out there - in the diner, past Alastair-
This is the first time Dean's mentioned his alpha, and Castiel listens intently, but it's not enlightening.
get better. Hoping he will be strong enough to help Dean through it. Hoping, hoping, hoping.
'No,' Dean says hurriedly, and Castiel chuckles. Dean smiles too, shyly, and wraps his arms around Castiel's neck, hides his face in his shoulder. They breathe together, erratically, and he feels Dean relax and then tense when he hits his prostate. Dean whimpers.
So Dean nods, and he's stiff as he watches Castiel's hand grab his cock. He jumps at first, but forces himself not to shy away from the touch. He wants it. Castiel's very, very careful, and his fingers barely skim over the length, over the head, not pressing and not lingering anywhere. Dean sighs and unwinds a little. It doesn't hurt. Alpha looks focused, his eyes flicking between Dean's face and his dick, and Dean hates the sudden tension that he knows he's creating. So, he asks:
'Some things are cool and I don't freak out, but some others make me feel like Imma pass out,' he rushes out, staring at Castiel's chest. 'I really scored here with you and I wanna stay, I'll do anything to stay, but I don't get what the hell's happening to my body and me and
But hate? Like Dean could ever hate him.
They talk over the movie, sometimes; they both agree that the soundtrack's great, and Castiel asks matter-of-fact questions regarding the plot and the way demonologists work. Dean's more than happy to answer; he's read some books about the real Warrens as a part of research for dad and still remembers. John was always interested in the occult and Dean knew it was probably because of how mom died, but he never saw any monsters... save for humans. He figured dad was trying to get an... understanding of how the killer's mind worked. Or where would he strike next.
'What?' Dean pulls back to stare at him, so surprised at the weird question. He really expected alpha to say something deep, to either admonish him or tell him he's an idiot for worrying. 'In the bathroom, like always.'
'I enjoy learning about your various interests,' he admits, then frowns, as if it doesn't sound right. 'I enjoy learning about
'I think that was awesome,' Dean grins up at him. 'Wish I'd seen it.'
He nods towards the desk, and Castiel sees it - one of his sticky notes placed in the middle, covered in Dean's writing. He peels it off and reads it curiously. It's a win in itself that Dean did what was asked of him, without having to be convinced or reminded.
He jolts awake about three in the morning and immediately knows something's wrong. He can't tell what woke him up for a total of five seconds, but then he hears a loud whimper. He rolls around and sees that Dean's quivering and talking in his sleep, huddled near the edge of the bed.
'I don't really know what all this is,' Castiel's frown can be heard in his voice. 'It's a - a necklace, I suppose, and an old wallet, a military watch - oh, maybe he thought he could do damage with this. But it's just a knife, Dean, it's nothing extraordinary-'
(love)
'Yeah, for a while I was really considering just leaving you in that graveyard, passed out,' Dean rolls his eyes, his scent sharper with irritation. 'Come on, alpha.'
'Yes. Well,' alpha clears his throat. 'But at the same time, I'm glad that there was someone who was trying to help you. That you weren't completely alone.'
'Dean-' Sam and Castiel say in unison and get up at the same time. It would be funny if not for - well, everything else. Dean thinks he's breathing too hard. He needs to go, he needs to go.
Castiel runs to the other side of the room to get the trash bin, puts it in front of Dean and holds him when Dean heaves over it. Luckily, nothing comes up, and Castiel keeps up a stream of reassurances and rubs his back through it.
and dad gathering him in his arms and shushing him. He told him that not all was bad about being an omega. That he already takes great care of him and Sammy, and that now it's gonna be making him happier than ever, so he can just keep being himself. And that he just has to steer clear of alphas, but dad's gonna protect him and make sure he's never hurt and can keep doing whatever he wants.
'No,' Dean retorts. But Castiel keeps staring at him. 'I don't know. I liked it,' he blurts out, hating himself. 'But I hated it, too.'
When Benny disappears in the house with his knife collection - probably to hang them back on the wall, Dean thinks - Castiel gets up and comes over. He looks like he wants to ask if Dean's okay, but then doesn't.
Dean sighs.
'Oh,' he says. 'That's - that's good for both of you, I guess. That he's strong.'
'Everything's wrong with it,' Castiel slaps it on top of the other essays, feeling a little angry. Dean's one of the three omegas in class and he's arrogant and lazy. He never takes notes, sleeps on some lectures, rarely knows any answers and fails to solve most tasks during the weekly tests. Castiel offers to explain things after class, but Dean never hangs around, just bolts like his heels are on fire the second the lecture's over. He's never late, though, Castiel has to admit that. Most of the time he's there before the class starts, sitting on a bench in front of the lecture room, earphones in and eyes closed.
"Look, Cas, thanks for everything, but I don't wanna talk," Dean replies in a suspiciously thick voice and hangs up. Castiel stares at the phone for a total of five seconds before he calls again. Dean doesn't pick up three times, but on the fourth try, he snaps:
Out of place.
'I didn't even think,' Dean replies, and he tells himself he's not making excuses. 'I'm the same. Nothing's changed.'
'Nah,' he stares at his hands gripping the blanket. 'My dad wasn't crazy. He was smart and he was going to get that son of a bitch, no matter what. So that's how we've spent our life. Driving around following whatever clues dad came up with.'
'I gather that tale ain't exactly popular,' Benny shrugs. 'Now, wanna take me on, chief?'
'Am I supposed to do it in the doorway?' he asks, words dripping with sarcasm. 'Or are you gonna tell me to sit, like you just told Dean?'
'Sure, shoot.'
'Yes please,' Dean says. 'Can we...'
'It should be your decision,' Castiel says, upset. 'When it starts growing back, let's try to keep it and see if you like it.'
'Can you tell me things like these.' it's a statement, not a question. Hm.
'What?' Dean gasps. 'I'm so spoiled right now. I even got my own snack stash.'
'Can we talk inside?' he asks Dean, not Castiel, even though it's alpha's house, it's alpha's right not to let him in.
'It is large, yes,' Castiel says and sees Dean snort and cover his mouth. His heart warms seeing his omega at least a bit happier. 'We tie for about an hour.'
?' alpha echoes, looking and smelling terrified. 'What does that mean?'
'What special tea?'
'Nesting? You don't know what nesting is?' Dean's face must say it all,
'But how do we get out?' Cas asks, squinting as he looks around. 'It's so dark.'
'I think it's never too late, alpha,' he says carefully. 'What exactly are you working for, if I can ask? I mean, are you planning to move to another company, or...?'
'I never would,' he promises the omega and takes him upstairs. When they're back in bed, he switches on the bedside lamp, so that they're not in the dark anymore. Dean looks like hell, his face swollen from crying. He smells ashamed and Castiel thinks he must be drained, but at least the terror has passed.
'So how do you like the city so far, Dean?' Jody asks. Dean makes accidental eye contact with Benny and sees the huge man smile at him gently, and he returns it timidly. He likes Benny most of them, he thinks. Charlie's nice too, but she's so nervous sometimes, he feels like she makes him nervous, too.
That would never fly with Alastair, ever.
himself relax, and then alpha moves his hands down and squeezes his shoulders, and he can feel
Castiel stops, completely stills, and Dean's hand is getting cold under the water. He turns it off, avoiding alpha's eyes, and can't hide the way he trembles.
'Anything you feel uncomfortable talking about. Or questions about our sex life. I've heard it's a common thing to ask, for alphas.'
'Hey,' she says, and she sounds relieved, Dean thinks. He drops his eyes. 'It's so nice to meet you!'
'Good,' Mrs. Miller smiles. It makes her look younger than the white hair in a thick braid and the wrinkles surrounding her eyes would suggest. 'Please give him my get well wishes. If you need any help with medication, don't hesitate to come over.'
Charlie leads them to a table that has a
'Both,' Cas smiles at him. He still seems tired, like one does after a nap in the middle of the day. But the bed was heavenly, soft and big and Dean pulled out his western blanket from the duffle and they both wrapped themselves in it. The room was so cool with the fans, it felt glorious to snuggle in warm fabric, in their private cold pocket while outside, the heat wave was unbearable.
'Just wait till I actually show up,' the omega winks,
but he knows this better. On his knees, where he belongs. Efficient, seen, good. That's how he gets what he wants. That's the only thing that can save him.
'I don't need anyone to
and it sounds like nails on a chalkboard but he can feel it in his bones and Dean screams and then-
'Good,' he says and starts the car again. Dean doesn't think; he holds out his hand and stops alpha.
'You like it though, don't you?' Castiel puts steak in the cart with a heavy thump. 'Do you want sausages?'
His voice sounds a little off, a little desperate and apprehensive. He must be feeling uncertain about his small technology knowledge. Castiel doesn't want him to feel inferior or undereducated.
'No, I need your help,' Dean pleads fervently. 'You said you'll keep me safe,' Castiel flinches at that, stricken, though Dean doesn't know why. 'Tell me what's going on, I need - I need you-'
'I can't imagine. With me, it was pretty much the opposite. I mean...' he frowns for a moment. 'Well, my dad had some rules we had to follow. And he had some things he believed in, so I believed in them too.' He seems troubled by his memories and a while passes before he focuses back on the conversation. 'But there wasn't anything luxurious about it. Your life sounds like from another century. Or like... a cult.'
'Weren't you gonna go to a restaurant?' Charlie asks, frowning.
Maybe he should be. Maybe it's just the omega part of him, reacting to a strong alpha that takes care of him, making him throw away years of wariness and distrust. But tonight, he only wants to be close to him, he wants to forget about the unwanted, scary touch.
While Dean eats, alpha takes an extremely quick shower, and he's back in no time. Dean's still a little tired and a lot nervous; alpha looks excited, though, as he turns to take a mug from the kitchen counter.
When someone knocks on his door, he bites back an irritated reply. Getting home faster won't make Dean come over faster, so he might as well help a student out.
Alpha touches his forehead, kind of roughly, and Dean flinches. Alpha sighs.
Castiel's watching him with curiosity, his face open, he's not worried or mad. Dean's thrown back to the time when Alastair watched him like a new species of animal, like he discovered he had some tricks up his sleeve he never showed before, when Dean OCD-tripped after his knee broke. Castiel's face both reminds him of it and is something else altogether, because alpha's not surprised. He's watching him like he expected this kind of reaction, and he's not clinical about it, there's a bit of pity on his face and a whole lot of compassion.
'My good boy,' Castiel's words are a little slurred, and Dean can tell he's getting close. His straining cock stirs at the words.
, the one that screams
'-I'm serious, you should see it,' Charlie is saying when Dean sets one mug in front of alpha and takes a seat holding his own. 'I was satisfied, and I'm not even the one who has beef with them.'
Castiel stares at him, Dean can feel it, but he's not - these are strangers. He shuffles his feet, nervously.
'I have to tell you something,' he admits before he can get too scared again. 'But I don't want to.'
This omega is too good for him. At first he's thought he didn't deserve being burdened with taking care of someone abused, but nowadays he's leaning towards the idea that he doesn't deserve Dean, because the omega is just perfect.
i wondered whether to put it here but i felt like this chapter was pretty intense emotionally, so just letting you know. panic attacks + mention of suicide (no one wants to do it in this fic no worries but it is mentioned once)
was gonna drink?'
'I tried that,' Dean sighs. 'There's nothing. First at Alastair's, years ago, and then when you told me I can use the internet.'
Martha Stewart Thanksgiving-'
'Cas, I know,' Dean tells him, anxiously. Now he's watching him strangely, too. Castiel thinks that perhaps he is not as smooth as he tries to be. He must smell irritated, too. 'It's fine, I don't care.'
Dean doesn't want to, but it's not like he can just say, hey, forget it, lights off and let's cuddle. So he marches to the bed, sits down and wraps himself in a blanket. For once, his nest doesn't feel comforting.
'Like a porno?'
Dean almost snorts. Great minds think alike and all that.
nice way to wake up,' Dean mutters sleepily and there's a lopsided grin on his face. Castiel laughs and holds him as he sits up. His legs fell asleep, but it doesn't matter.
touching. But the alpha had to go take his call, and Dean ended up having to actually watch buffalos and bees and gorillas, because he couldn't have admitted he completely didn't give a shit. He never wanted alpha to find out it was a decoy.
'Yeah, that's kinda the point.'
And he really is, so much that he's been wondering where to go first the entire drive. He still hasn't decided. When he and Cas are done with the dinner and then the dishes, they cuddle in the big bed facing the TV.
He wonders for a moment what Dean would say in his place, and he's pretty sure it would be something along the lines of 'fuck you and your money' and despite the circumstances, he almost, almost smiles.
The next morning, they leave the seedy motel and keep driving. Dean gets their route wrong once, but he doesn't even get corrected for it, so alpha must really be in a good mood. They stop by a lake, and Alastair lets Dean have his leftover fries. They're cold, and so is the half cup of his coke, but Dean's happy anyway. The lake is huge and sprawling, and he loves the tiny colorful boats he can see on the horizon. He scoots closer to the low railing and looks down at the clear blue water.
A tall, dark-skinned man stands in the doorway, looking livid.
Together. The emphasis is strong enough for Dean to suspect that this is about something else. Something they mentioned in the morning, maybe?
'Dean!' he calls out. He instantly hears his mate running up the stairs and he stops in the doorway, scared.
'Please,' into alpha's collarbone, and it's so quiet and wrecked, alpha's not even done anything yet. At this rate, he might come with all his clothes on.
But mother already hung up. He puts down the phone. His hands are shaking and he can't think, he doesn't have
'Alpha!' he gasps, and points. 'Holy shit!'
'Here,' he says, soothingly. 'See, the whole city in front of us. Can you spot our house? Or the building I work at?'
, yet somehow Dean thinks it's mostly directed at him. But there's no tension between Castiel and Benny, so all is good.
'So he really did change?' Castiel asks no one in particular. Charlie watches him closely.
,' he whines, his voice thick with tears. 'Alpha I'm sorry-'
. He glances at Dean and Dean drops his eyes, don't look alphas in the eye, i'm sorry. 'Hey, Dean,' Sam lowers his voice, sounds confidential, close. 'You're safe, buddy, I promise.'
Dean trails after Cas, unhappily, until they reach the porch of Josaiah's Haunted House. Okay then. There's an askew cross hung on the door, probably to let people know that the place is spooky, or something.
'I see you came prepared,' Castiel jokes feebly.
'Right, cause your word is worth so much-'
'What are you talking about?'
'No, that's alright,' Dean chuckles a little, staring at the ground. 'I - you - it's not that. I wanna go. I just, you know, I'm gonna miss it, I guess? It was so much fun. I never thought I'd ever-' he trails off, and shrugs, and picks up the pace. Castiel gets it, though.
'Yeah, and why is he scared exactly?' the alpha sighs. 'He's always scared, Tiff.'
'Hmmm,' he startles a little but can't move. He wants to sleep, cocooned in warmth, his head too heavy.
'I- I,' Castiel stutters into the phone. 'No. Hello? Don't- hello!'
Castiel contemplates it, looking around; he has nothing specific in mind, but his eyes land on the Ferris Wheel. He has never been on one, but he thinks seeing the city lights from above could be great.
It turns out that it was a bad idea. He stands in the hygiene aisle, basket and bags from before at his feet, and he doesn't get why it happens now, because he's not groped too often when he goes out on his own. It's only from time to time, but unfortunately, some
hurts with Castiel, and while sex itself is kind of bland, Dean loves the way the alpha pets his thighs and his cheeks when he opens him up. He's always so... nice. Dean's got actual scars there, places where Alastair's knives or fingernails have been, but Castiel's fingers skim over the flesh like it's brand new, massaging and soothing. Then, after they're done and have to wait out the knot, Castiel sometimes presses a kiss or two to his back and that's so good too. He doesn't sprawl all over Dean, doesn't smother him and asks in a husky voice if he's okay.
Dean shakes his head violently.
'So you will keep me,' Dean risks, and his head swims, he stumbles in his crouch. The man holds him steady and he grips his arms tight. 'Sir, I mean, alpha, you will keep me, I'll be good?'
'Just a bit,' he shrugs and turns around to go to the kitchen, finish the meal.
'It's alright,' he says, stroking his back. 'I enjoy laying so close to you. But I had to wake you, you were having a nightmare.'
happens to be his mate.
Well, Dean can't argue with that. They leave the room and Cas stops him in the corridor to put a cowboy hat on his head, and make out with him lazily. Dean feels
'Thank you,' Castiel says, and ends the call. He texts Benny the address and comes out to talk to Dean, steeling himself for the hard conversation they're about to have.
Dean points to the cupboard and watches as Castiel goes for it and bends down to gather all the shards with the brush. He only straightens up after the floor is completely clean, and he throws everything away. Dean holds out a hand and pulls him close, and kisses him. Castiel kisses back and runs his fingers through Dean's hair. The omega sighs softly and leans into the touch. Letting him go feels like the hardest thing in Castiel's life.
'They're peanut butter, you
'That's okay, Dean,' she assures him with a smile. 'I know Castiel's not the most social guy out there. And most people find him... stuck up,' she grimaces. These words again. 'We've had some issues with the other workers, in the past, because some were bullies. Especially with how he never had a mate and you know, he gets weird sometimes. But our team, we know him well. And he never really opens up, but he's the first person to help. Jody lost her husband and kid in a freak accident, years ago, before I even came to the company, and she wasn't coping well. Castiel recommended her his own psychiatrist, even got her the appointment without waiting. She got better. He always helps Garth out with work, the dude was worried he'd never stay here after his internship but Castiel got his back, taught him everything. I think Benny just respects Castiel after years of hard work, though I know they didn't get along at first. And then there's me, and I just plain out like your husband. And he's the one you can always count on. We'd like to pay it back, cause the bosses keep taunting him with a promotion that they never grant. He's been here for twenty freaking years, you know?'
'Would be great to have you around, Dean,' Charlie smiles. 'It's nothing too exciting, but Castiel has his own office. Comfy couch, big desk, I hang around when I can, much nicer than my tiny cubicle. But I got so much movie stuff, maybe you'd like to see some of it!'
God, he can't take it anymore. But he has to. He hides his face in his hands.
'I don't think it's polite to leave without ordering anything,' he says reluctantly, staring back at the open menu.
'Thanks so much,' Dean says, rubbing alpha's back. 'For being so cool about all of this. It helped me a lot.'
'What? I wasn't,' Dean protests instantly, looking back at him apprehensively. 'I swear, I'm super thankful you took me here, alpha-'
'Hi,' Dean mumbles, not looking up from the pile of small sandwiches he's arranging on a plate. 'Did I wake you?'
Castiel frowns and Dean can sense the change in his scent; surprise and hesitation.
'I'm scared that something will happen to you,' Castiel blurts out. 'I'm scared that in that crowd, there'll be an alpha or a beta who will want to hurt you.'
'But you have a brother-'
'Let me guess, salad diet, long runs in the morning, smoothies...'
'Can we go back to bed?'
'Missed you too,' Dean replies, fighting to keep his voice steady. 'Bitch.'
"I have to give you your course summary with grades. It's university policy."
'You got it, Cas,' Dean grins and opens the book, straight to the point. 'I gotta ask about-'
Sam, there's no denying that. Alpha must be getting that wrong. There's no way - why would Sam be here? Why would he- 'What?'
'No one,' Dean pushes his hand away, and he realizes he reached out to touch it. 'It's nothing, leave it.'
He doesn't know what else to say, but the way alpha's hands are shaking, his breath coming out in strained pants, he's really worried. He never got to see alpha get an actual panic attack, maybe except for when he kicked him out.
'Well then dig in!' Dean grins, smelling pleased, and he sits down next to Castiel with his own burger. 'Soup will be for dessert.'
'A little better,' Dean replies, his own voice equally gravelly. Castiel turns around, throws back the covers and agonizingly slowly climbs out of bed.
'Well, he did get a small sentence at first,' Sam explains. 'Since they couldn't pin much on him. But he escaped to find you, even though he had no idea where you were. They kept finding him and putting him back, just in more secure prisons time and time again. When I got to him, he had it rough already. But as his lawyer, I managed to get it reduced to five years. Soon as I told him about the Alastair meeting, about how he treated you, he bolted again. I
'How was the library?'
'Hunters?' Dean frowns. 'Ain't heard that one before.'
before?'
'What?!' Dean protests, huffing. 'We were just getting started!'
'Can we finally talk alone?' Sam asks, forcing himself to be polite. 'Now that you've heard the full story.'
'Hm, I quite like it,' Castiel admits, taking the second slice. 'I'm going to be home by six again, Dean. I'll try to come back as soon as I can. Any requests for dinner?'
He wishes Sam could've seen them then. Wishes he could've seen them when Alastair got Dean some french fries on the way home, from a street stand he'd been eyeing for ages. Wishes he'd seen them on one of the extremely rare great days, not the day when he was taking out the trash.
'You love it,' he says confidently, and he's not wrong. Dean looks to the side, stares at the back of the front seat.
. Castiel loves the way he blushes so easily; sometimes he thinks that he didn't have many reasons to do so before, and now he gets so flustered and sweet whenever he hears a compliment or receives affection. It makes his freckles stand out more and Castiel just feels like leaving soft kisses all over that pink skin, everytime. For a flash, he wonders if Dean's buttocks would also redden like that, after administering a... (loving) spanking. He imagines putting his hands all over that hot flesh, kneading and pulling the cheeks apart, only to see Dean's-
'That's good, isn't it?' Castiel murmurs. 'Why are you wearing clothes?'
'That's awful,' Castiel scoffs. 'But I did suspect that maybe it's not Dean's favourite activity. He always wants to please me, but I don't know if he likes it.'
'Take them,' Castiel orders, sitting back on the bed, going through the medication systematically, apparently looking for something. He doesn't check if Dean follows his orders, but he's so confident, Dean knows he's sure he will be obeyed. And he's not wrong. Dean doesn't have the balls to ask what is he taking so he just swallows it.
'I just mean that maybe you shouldn't trust him one hundred percent. He still owns you.'
'It's really swollen,' Castiel pets his back. 'I'm sorry, I think I was too... eager...'
'They're nothing special,' Dean replies, a little breathless, his voice light and still amused. God, he feels good. 'Farfalle is the bow ones. Tagliatelle is the super long ones, here,' he picks up the boxes. 'Are we getting them?'
be freaking sad, your dad died, and you should be moody, cause life fucking
'Dean,' he looks around, smells the food, sees the salad and the tiny sandwiches and stops. 'What are you doing?'
That gets a startled laugh out of Dean. Castiel kisses his cheek, and then his neck, and Dean slumps against the car.
Castiel feels relieved. One less thing to worry about - according to this man, there's nothing wrong with Dean. He sounds like he knows what he's doing and is open-minded. Castiel thanks him and the doctor invites them to his clinic - of course he does - and tells them they have 24 hours to issue a payment online.
'Of course,' he assures him enthusiastically. 'How can I help?'
. Cause he'd seen people do this in the movies and he wants to try, but he's not gonna discuss his preferred positions-to-try.
'But it's been three years, it makes no sense -'
'Like I
'It's extremely unlikely for an anaconda to try and eat you. It would be left vulnerable, as it would take weeks for it to fully digest a human,' alpha says.
'I have to go work in the study, now,' Castiel says. 'If you need anything, please just knock on the door. And if you're hungry, eat whatever and whenever you want.'
'Yes. And we got along well, but I think we sort of had a falling out, recently. I'm not sure. I didn't really like his behavior, or rather his partner's, and how he handled it.'
'I don't know.'
He nods towards his side of the room.
'If that's what you like about it, then how's intercourse different than cuddling, honey?' Castiel's hand grips Dean's knee, gentle, and Dean still flinches.
'You've been good,' Alastair says, shocking him. He smiles, showing a line of straight teeth. 'It's true. I've been waiting for you to fuck up, but ever since that mess with my clean shirts, well. You've been good, omega.'
'You also like driving and movies, especially scary ones, and westerns,' Castiel bumps their shoulders together, smiling at Dean. Dean averts his eyes and stuff his mouth full of pie and vanilla ice cream. 'And superhero comic books, and roller coasters, and tasteless special effects.'
Dean puts his thoughts aside for now and tries the cake. It's amazing. Castiel's halfway through his.
'I'll drive as fast as I can-' he says, throwing the lantern in the back and making Dean sit down shotgun. Dean can smell how turned on he is, too, and though he shouldn't look, he can see the outline of Castiel's hard cock through his jeans. They're really going to do it now, just cause Dean's asked. He looks in the backseat and licks his lips slowly. Home suddenly seems too far away. He grabs alpha's arm just as he turns to go back for the blanket.
