"You're home early," Dean said to dispel the silence between them and to kick himself into normal behavior. He had nothing to hide after all.
"I tried to defend your honor," Uriel forced out through gritted teeth. "But I have lost shamefully and disappointed you!"
should be uncomfortable. He didn’t want to make Dean uneasy but he also didn’t want to have to leave his side. Cas simply had to trust Dean with the secret he had kept for so long. Being loved by someone was hardly the worst thing that had ever happened to Dean. But humans made things needlessly complicated at times.
"There are almost too many, but I can read their warning," Castiel said, his voice low as not to worry the people around them. "Yellow eyes dreams of fire."
Cas waited for something else to happen, but after a long stretch of time he had to assume that whatever had shook the Empty, it probably had nothing to do with him. Still suspicious, he turned to search for the source of the familiar sound.
“I couldn’t even say good-bye. I couldn’t… I couldn’t say good-bye to you either.” Dean’s voice was hoarse and he avoided looking at Cas. Cas watched Dean’s expression crumble, saw the tears in his eyes that Dean didn’t particularly try to stop. “What point is there in being free of Chuck’s damn hamster wheel if-“
The doors closed with a screech of the hinges and a loud metallic clank. He heard nothing about what was going on behind those doors. He retreated until his back hit the opposite wall, feeling cold after the warm room.
"Yeah, well, I have to go to work, so I guess Hatchiette stays with you for today," Dean said eventually, when they had reached Cas' dorm room. He put the box down.
"It's alright. I'll be here tomorrow too," he added, then he came even closer, his eyes searching. But Castiel didn't want to resist and soon Dean's lips brushed his softly.
Castiel heard the familiar tunes of the children singing the Wanderer's Song and looked out of Ellen's window. And there were the children, flocking around Dean, who rode into the village on his dark horse, a grin on his face. He handed out sweets to the children.
"I don't usually care much about dignity, but Dean… well… He's different. He has half my heart after all and it makes me… unreasonable…" Cas must have made an irritated enough expression for Gabriel to start laughing. "Stop it…" he growled.
"I'm glad to hear that," Cas said, finally connecting back to the conversation after his mind had spiraled to Mr. Winchester again. He took the plate with the pie that Emma offered him. He took a bite, aware of Emma's eyes on him. "It's amazing," he said, taking another bite. Emma grinned widely.
It felt peculiar to date someone but still move within the framework of a case. It had been almost a month now since Dean parked the Impala at the Happy Apple and somehow he didn't feel like moving her. It wasn't like Raurica was that corner of the earth that finally, finally felt like home to Dean. It was pretty far from it actually. Raurica was cold, gloomy and boring. On top of that was the frustration of wasting the money Charlie wired him on a case that was not going anywhere. The city had started cleaning up the orchard, but they didn't seem to be in any particular rush. Nobody in Raurica seemed to be in a rush. Dean had come to know all the usual places that were relevant to a hunt within a day and in his 3 weeks of dating Cas, he had seen the rest of Raurica.
"At the moment we are united by a treaty. Winchester is my concern by marriage and Enoch can spare one flight, especially if Lucifer will put his entire focus on guarding his border against demons. My flights will have less to do anyway," Castiel explained calmly.
“Well, lets put them on. I smell take out so this seems like a good moment to relax and eat on the couch.” Dean really must be in a good mood to allow eating on the couch but Cas wasn’t going to ruin it with a comment about Dean’s usual no food on the couch rule. Dean dashed off to put away his suitcase and Cas took the moment to undress and put on the robe (it was very fluffy) before he prepared the food in the living room.
"Who, Adler?" The other people at the table laughed at the well-aimed joke even though it merely caused Dean an awful tugging inside of him.
"At least nothing that he has shared with Castiel or me. His angle of investigation was hinged on finding a simple reason why the orchard was destroyed. He is searching for someone who would benefit from it. That's the flaw of a hunter's approach to magic," Michael said with a smile and looked at Gabriel. "He doesn't take into account that some of us simply enjoy creating havoc."
"You'd let me go there?" Dean asked, his voice carefully neutral. Cas tilted his head at him, a small crease between his eyebrows. "Don't look at me like that. In all the months letting me go back home has never come up." Castiel met his eyes, but eventually he lowered his head. Dean cautiously tried to feel out what Cas was thinking now. He met shame, longing, fear but it was hard to put it together.
The sun was fully up by the time they saw the first town behind a copse of trees. Some hours ago, the landscape had started to show signs of cultivation; weathered stone fences and paved roads painted patterns into the fields. Dean spotted a road sign that pointed towards a town called Milton Heights but they passed  the sign, taking a smaller road that curved around the outskirts of the town. From what Dean could tell it looked pretty much like the older towns on the old continent did. Dean had still been little when he had last visited but it had been impressive and just… old. Way older than any of the human towns on Elysium were. But the angels had been here for a very long time. Maybe he simply hadn't expected things to be so similar.
"It has to happen to legitimize our relationship and fulfill the treaty," Cas argued but Dean stubbornly crossed his arms over his chest.
"Do you… know anything about Cas? How is he?" Dean asked instead. Gabriel shrugged, still far too carefree.
"I do think that's very sweet. You know your parents were getting worried about you, Dean," Millie said with a smile. Dean heaved a sigh.
“All that power, Dean,” he started and Dean shifted slightly on his knees. Castiel observed the movement, but there was still enough of that small mad spark in his eyes that kept Dean on the floor. “I’ve risked everything for it. I’ve risked everything for
"You are 44 years old, Cas. You've got no tits, your legs are hairy and you're covered in stubble. Of course you look ridiculous! Back when we met and you were a slip of an omega, then maybe you could have worn this. But now? A male omega in a sunflower swimsuit? Please, it screams desperate."
"Sharp, Dean? You're already very fit," Cas told him. "Is this one of those alpha health tips from the magazines?"
"Yeah? But you don't sound too excited," Dean observed, walking into the apartment. It smelled like spaghetti Bolognese and Cas was glad to spy the pot in Dean's kitchen. The table was already set and Dean made a gesture towards it.
"Where are your feelings for the romantic! A lonely witch, a handsome man, this is a fairy tale writing itself! Charlie would be all over this if she were here!" Sam has to laugh at that. He really doubted that Cas would be all that impressed by some random knight, or whatever he had been, to show up at his gate, looking for favors.
"But that doesn't change the fact that I think you should switch it up from time to time." Not getting any further interruptions from Castiel's side, Dean went on in his normal tone. "You've been here on earth for so long, don't you get tired of wearing the same thing all the time?"
Eventually Castiel decided to let it be, it wasn't like he had anything at all to offer as an answer (though he did send back an appropriate emoticon) and set himself to the task of ordering food.
"Both of our boys got scholarships and went to Stanford," Mary said proudly. "Very far away but I think both of them enjoyed it."
"So, what are you here? Loki? Gabriel?" Dean asked, keeping his tone unimpressed. Gabriel laughed at that.
. What a demeaning name for such a precious wee weed! It may be a salad to most people but to a witch it is known as an excellent natural storage for magic. And if you are 300 years old, it's important to pay attention to your nutrition. You can't go eating children or drinking the blood of virgins once you're past 120. It's not good for your bowels. Cultivating a good, magic-rich Rapunzel takes great work and you can imagine that witches are not very excited if some foolish mortal comes to eat the fruit of their labor. But, as it is, good things come out of misfortunes. And if you happen to be a witch, you always know how to count on the misfortunes of others to be your blessing.
"You'll always be my favorite alpha," Cas assured him, reaching back to ruffle his hair. Jack smiled at that, appeased. They chatted easily about what Cas did, how the weather was, how the hotel was, until Cas realized that they weren't going in the direction of his motel.
"No, maybe not," the god said with a grin, then he shrugged. He reached over the table and patted Dean's shoulder. "You'll get there, my friend. Having Castiel by my side has improved my life and I'm sure you will find pleasure and peace in him." God Dean withdrew his hand and leant back slightly, with a pensive expression. "Even if he is an angel."
A while after Dean and his team had taken over half of the training ground, Uriel staked his claim over the other half. There was ample distance between them, with a connecting fence and even though Dean tried to pretend that he wasn't interested, he did actually want to know how angels trained. They had easily defeated his soldiers after all, so it was only prudent to catch a glimpse. He also watched Uriel train some of the staff, which, with the exception of a few, seemed to have never held a sword in their lives and Uriel's training was accordingly basic.
“It’s okay,” Cas told him. Jack was surprised to realize how comforting and soothing it was to be hugged by him. Ever since he got his powers back, things had felt different and he had not even felt the need to get affection from his family. But this felt… good.
"A hunter disturbs the peace and is an active threat to our community," Raphael said and looked at Castiel smugly. Raphael took every chance he got to torment Castiel, since the day they had all gathered at the wake for his mother and Naomi had announced that they would take him in. Raphael couldn't stand Castiel. Neither the fact that he was the child of a witch who had abandoned the coven, nor that he had been born with strong magic. There was basically nothing about him that Raphael didn't hate and Castiel had given up trying to please him long ago.
"Yeah, we've dealt with cosmic balance before. Almost got all of creation snuffed out," Dean muttered and the god looked up at him, a hint of alarm on his face. Dean waved at him.
"You'll have to find out," Castiel teased. Dean winked at him and then he was out of the shop. Castiel's face fell as soon as Dean was out of sight, worry rising about what Raphael would do if he found out that Dean was still investigating. He wasn't sure what exactly was going on because the love spell seemed to be working, but he was not reacting as well to Castiel's prompting as he would have hoped. Of course, Castiel had done his research as soon as he heard that Dean Winchester was somewhat of a legend in the hunting world. He had been doing this longer than most and continued to kill high profile creatures in the supernatural world, including witches. Most hunters were pulled into this by trauma and barely survived their revenge, but Dean and Sam Winchester continued on, modernizing hunting with their innovations (apparently they had witch killing bullets, which was something that Castiel should keep in mind around Dean) and they had slammed the doors of hell shut. The Winchesters were clearly doing good and the idea of depriving humanity of a shield against the dark didn't sit well with Castiel. Even witches could profit from hunters weeding out the supernatural chess board, which might be one of the reasons Naomi and Michael hadn't acted themselves instead of giving the task to someone who wasn't even initiated.
"Ideally, you'll do more than just lie there, but for now I guess that's fine?" Dean asked. This totally wasn't how this usually went for him, but this was an unusual situation after all. "So?" Castiel hesitated, but then he got out of his chair and approached the bed. He seemed unsure, but sat down, then started removing his clothing.
"Worry not, everything will be fine," the god said, the Latin flowing neatly and elegantly from his lips. The god gave his shoulder a squeeze before he let go of him and then he was turning towards Cas. "Beloved, could you run to your brother and get this traveler something to eat?"
"Yes, Cas. I'm fine. More than fine. I'm happy," he said, feeling content. Cas hummed, seeming pensive, but eventually he snuggled close, throwing his arm and one leg over Dean. Dean groaned, feeling the leg disturb his full stomach.
Ill at ease, Castiel watched Raphael push the door open, disturbing the bell and making the door knock against the door stopper with a clatter. Raphael moved through the world exactly like his magic did; with violent focus, constantly combative. He cast his magic out quickly, like thunderous clouds to crash against Castiel to remind him of his power and higher standing in the coven. Castiel allowed it without any retaliation. Partly because he knew that it wasn't a good idea to challenge him but also because it annoyed Raphael that he never reacted.
"Hey, I thought you may want some company. You never fall asleep well on the first night you're back from a campaign," Sam said gently, coming to room, already dressed for bed, while Dean hadn't even thought to undress.
"Congratulations," Hannah said with a beaming smile, when she opened to door to the chariot for him. Dean only grunted, getting out of the chariot. Hannah made a small grimace at Cas, but soon smiled encouragingly again, holding out her hand to help him down.
"I'm just excited! My baby's first omega partner!" she announced as if that was such a monumental thing. Just because he was an alpha didn't mean he had to date omegas. It was the 21
"Sorry that I'm not taking a knee, kinda banged up here," Sam muttered, not really impressed. Dean laughed at that.
"Sure, that'd be great," Sam said and Mary agreed. Dean reached out his hand, holding it out to the god, who looked at him with a bit of confusion but without losing his friendly smile.
"What are you thinking about?" Uriel challenged. "Retribution? War? Think, Dean. You cannot wage war against angels. You can't neutralize the threat he poses. If you were to attack Lucifer, then it wouldn't matter what the cause is. He'd respond and High King Michael might be forced to answer. He decided in your favor the first time. Do you think he will repeat that?" Dean shook his head, feeling powerless and frustrated.
"Yeah? You freeze your dick off in winter, you get rained on constantly in spring. What are summer and autumn like?" Dean asked, disappearing into the bathroom.
"Are you sure? Don’t you think people can tell demons and angels apart?" Castiel's eyebrows pulled down in a confused frown.
"I'm in town to help. I just left the motel for a moment to get coffee," Cas said before Dean could snap at the god to stop touching everything.
"Surely the spells she used couldn't stop you. Not really," Bobby argued, eying the faded sigils on the stone wall. The signs in the ground had long been washed away by the elements. Castiel's expression was still stern, almost stubborn.
As was the nature of human life, the years passed. While the witch Castiel watched his plants grow and practiced the art of reading the patterns of flying crows (there was really not much to do in his tower, the man needed to find entertainment in something), King John and Queen Mary welcomed their second child into the world. As it was custom, they invited the realm to welcome him properly when he turned 6 months old. Mary and her husband had been less concerned about little Sam since he was free from the potential curse of the first-born. But still Mary was nervous as she paced the nursery on the morning of the celebration, her son in her arms. Dean was playing in the room, unaware of her distress, as children often were at no fault of their own. He was a beautiful child with golden locks, healthy pink cheeks and eyes a beautiful green that filled all onlookers with admiration and love. If someone other than Castiel had blessed Dean with such qualities, it would have been very likely for Prince Dean to turn into a spoiled, ungrateful brat. Luckily, Dean was deserving of all love, since he was a gentle child that met everyone with open curiosity and willingness to show them all the love his little heart could give. And he doted on his younger brother, not one moment wasted to jealousy.
"Dean, Cas is fine," Sam insisted and Dean shot him a dark glare. Sam tilted his head back slightly as if he wanted to groan, but he thought better of it, wiping his hand over his face and tucking his hair behind his ear. "Look, I get it. The last couple of times when he disappeared on us he wasn't exactly
And then it started. The plane rolled forwards, then it gained speed. Dean closed his eyes tight and squeezed Cas' hand. The plane gave a lurch, Dean felt his stomach contents climb up, but he swallowed heavily a couple of times and no accidents happened so early in.
"Thanks," Dean said and now he was back on somewhat familiar ground. People were always willing to accommodate Dean and he had never turned down an offer like that. Dean didn't let himself get too excited while he washed in the small bathroom, magic filling up the tub with warm, fragrant water. He was so close to reaching Sam, something he had only dreamed of for months, no, years! And judging from the way Castiel talked about Sam, there was nothing monstrous about him. Of course, maybe he shouldn't trust a witch's judgment of character, but he had a good feeling. A very good feeling indeed. But with that also came a very little spark of doubt. Because, if Sam was a good kid, why was he locked away with a witch? Why did his parents act like Sam was dead? And what about the ominous words his father had seen him off with? Something wasn't quite right, but this wasn't the time to worry about it.
"Hell, I don't know either," Dean said and heaved a sigh, scratching the back of his head. "Admittedly, I have been too busy with other duties and this has never crossed my mind as being concerning."
"I'm waiting, pet," Lucifer called. Cas rolled his eyes, but then he shot himself one more look in the mirror. He looked good. Reassured in this knowledge, he opened the bathroom door and stepped out. Luke was sitting on the armchair next to the wardrobe, his legs crossed.
"Obviously," Castiel answered, walking towards his dorm room, Dean in tow. "And I will take care of it. You don't have to bother."
"Sam!" Castiel breathed in relief, rushing to free him from the ropes. "Are you okay?" Sam groaned as Castiel touched him, checking the wounds. He seemed banged up and once he has regained enough of his consciousness, he jumped, clearly startled and expecting someone else.
Castiel forced himself to focus on what was happening. A wet stranger, dripping on his doormat, in the middle of a magical storm.
Dean took his seat to the side of the podium where Mary and John's thrones were. The chair still grand looking and plush, but it only added to cement his role as a mere spectator.
"Oh," Castiel said, "you don't have to go if you take the coffee to go." Dean chuckled and Castiel frowned at his own inelegance. Dean checked his phone and then put it in his pocket.
"I don't know… 4 days maybe? We stocked up on provisions and had a fridge full of beer. We were set for a long couple of lazy days," he said, fidgeting slightly.
"Yeah dude. You should have a good time," Dean eventually told him. He removed his pants, but left his underwear on. It was probably unnecessary considering what they were about to do, but Dean felt… odd about it somehow. It was just weird, especially if you jumped into bed with a guy who thought sex didn't have to be fun. "I have no idea about how you angels do it, but we humans like to enjoy ourselves and sex is enjoyable most of the time."
"I know… But I cannot-" he started but the man grabbed a dark glass bottle and tossed it at Castiel. Everybody shouted in alarm as it hit his forehead, making him stumble backwards. The nurse and the nun went to the man, who was screaming, trying to find other things to toss.
implied or required or desired! Cas corrected mentally. It was only right to slam the door on that particular thought right away.
. The cold, breathless absolute certainty of his death, the pain and the terror. His body was frozen, Dean unable to move, feeling the phantoms of death still stuck in his lungs, the blood slick in his throat, remembering the way the bright blue sky had grown paler and dimmer and he had been helpless.
"We don't want to exclude you, but I assumed you might be more comfortable staying among yourselves," Anna said, guiding Dean to one comfortable looking corner with a long table and benches. "Mingle if you want to," she added with a wink. Soon after that pots and pans with food were put on their table. Anna demonstratively put a bit of the food on a plate for herself, sampling everything, probably in a demonstration that it wasn't poisoned. Not that there would be any point in poisoning their key prisoner now. Anna hummed contently and licked her lips. She quirked her eyebrows, then she took her leave.
"Cas certainly noticed," Dean answered, recalling Cas' less than pleased expression before dinner. "Is Jack supposed to do that?"
"Uh, yeah," Dean started uncomfortably, looking for some change of topic. "I actually didn't notice any kids here. I expected to see more kids in a race that was so long-lived."
Dean was sitting in the driver's seat, one hand on the steering wheel, the other holding a phone to his ear. He was talking and only when Cas came closer, did he notice him from the corner of his eye. He seemed to be alright, though there was surprise written over his face. Castiel approached, but then suddenly a shiver ran down his spine as he got close enough for the magic to shine through the warding.
The stranger kept his amused expression, tilting his head slightly, watching Dean's hand ball to a fist at his hip. Dean really should start carrying a sword with him, or at least a dagger.
Dean stared after him, but if the choice was between Cas and Chuck, then Dean knew where to place his bets. He hurried down the corridor.
"I'm not gonna do it, Cas. No way," Dean said, not even looking up to the doorframe. He put his hands on the wooden shelf in front of him, hanging his head and trying to breathe.
"Yeah… Yeah they did, but I didn't go through with the last trial… It wasn't pleasant letting the magical charge up run out of me, but… well… A couple of hours of sleep and I think I'll be good as new."
"Okay, so let's work the issue," Dean grumbled, scanning Bobby's letter again for key points. "Hess insists that the reports are correct. Let's assume that the representative of our key ally on this continent is not lying to us and willing to sacrifice a part of their armies for some kind of hit on Winchester." Castiel opened his hands in an inviting gesture. "We have established that you are not disorganized and that you are clearly able to hold your own if attacked. If both of these things are wrong, then what did her source witness? Winchester and allies from Kendrick went to war because we thought that you were mobilizing to attack us."
"Don't mention it. Now… Where could Asmodeus have taken Sam?" Dean wondered. Castiel heaved a sigh, trying to think.
Castiel wasn't one to curse the crown, or anything in particular, but he couldn't help but be angry at Mary and John, in a way that he hadn't been when they had imprisoned and then banished him without a trial. Back then he had been sad about the circumstances but he hadn't doubted his decisions once. He had also never turned to the skies to wail about the injustice of it all because at the heart of it all, Castiel was adaptive and he was practical.
"Yeah… I know it was a dick move of me. I should just have told you… I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm just… overwhelmed or something, I don’t know." Dean put his hand on his head, leaning back on his couch.
"I don't know if nerd would be my first association to seeing you in your work outfit," Castiel told him honestly.
“I don’t know, Cas. That was a pretty good speech you whipped out there. If I didn’t think we were dying, if I didn’t realize that you were gonna sacrifice yourself to save me, then I would probably have been able to appreciate it a bit more,” Dean admitted.
Asmodeus materialized in front of them, his white suit impeccable, standing out against the derelict hut.
By the time he was at his desk, ready to start his work day, his phone alerted him to a new text from Cas.
“You understand that, Jack?” Sam wondered. Jack looked from Sam to Dean and then he turned his eyes down onto the table. So Dean and Sam hadn’t found out about the incident.
Castiel hadn't thought much of the hat. Dean had been grinning widely when he had not so subtly steered Cas towards his room after he had been out on a hunt with Jack for the weekend. He had been particularly proud of himself when Cas spotted the hat on the bed. Cas had, in this instance definitely correctly, understood the intended correlation between the hat and the bed. Dean's steadily increasing grin and the wink had been affirmation enough.
"What do you mean good-bye? Surely, Castiel will stay! He will make our coven much stronger!" she argued and then she looked at Castiel for confirmation. But Cas shook his head.
"That's very reasonable," he said and the woman got that look on her face again. In the end she handed him a pamphlet, a satchel, then she clapped him roughly on his shoulder before leaving.
“You stay right there, don’t touch anything!” Cas heard Dean say as he apparently came back to his phone. “Cas? Crowley just popped up next to me. Are you… out?” Cas froze.
"Could still be not our kind of thing. Maybe the people are related or friends and got to their positions through networking?"
He knew that Cas wasn't usually up as early as Dean was, so Dean didn't expect a reply anytime soon. He decided to answer to his family chat later and allow himself a small detour to the nice coffee place before work.
"It's so good to have Dean back here. It's like I can finally breathe again," she said and smiled at her son. Dean answered the smile with one of his own, but it quickly dropped because he was so anxious. He was turning the glass around in his hands, without taking a sip.
"We didn't know you were an omega, Cas.  I mean, I suggested it but somehow it never went into Dean's thick head. We spent the morning in a greasy diner, trying to figure out what else to do, when Dean finally agreed to ask around the omega shelters!" Sam explained with a cheerful smile.
"And how do you two know each other?" Dean asked, pointing first at Cas and then at Gabriel. Castiel knew that Gabriel was a good liar, so he wasn't particularly worried about Gabriel saying anything to make Dean suspicious, but the problem with Gabriel was that he also liked to make Cas' life difficult on principle alone so there was no telling what he would let slip. Understandably Cas was on edge.
Spending the night with his brother and sister-in-law had been just what he needed. And even though some mistakes were made and Cas regretted that last drink when he had to step out of the house into the offensively bright and cheery afternoon, it had been great fun. The rest of his hangover dissipated as he made the drive back home to Chicago and he still got some hours of work in before Dean was supposed to be back.
"I don't think my mother believed in witches… She wouldn't have had a reason to ward herself against them…"
"Gabriel, please…! Help me…! Anything! I'll make a deal with you! I'll give you anything you want!" The crow remained silent, blinking once.
"No… It's not that kind of love spell… Your feelings are real…," Castiel answered. Dean lifted his head and stared at Cas, his eyes shining with tears. He didn't say anything, he just studied Castiel, his eyes travelling over him, until finally the tears fell.
now was. At least until he could find a way to get his Grace back. His penis was, as human convention dictated, hidden by his clothing, so it was his outwards appearance that let other people know he was male by complicated rules and conventions that were utterly irrelevant to Cas. Since his omega reproductive organs were internal, it must have been his scent that let the alpha at the desk know that he would prefer to send him to another shelter. One for omegas. It seemed that his designation was more relevant than his sex (or whatever humans decided his gender was), so Castiel filed that piece of information away in his mind.
“Cas is fine,” Castiel told them, then he wished them a good evening. Eliot accompanied him to the door. Alarmed, Jack dashed away from his hiding place, to hide behind the car instead.
"You should choose wisely what to do," Castiel warned them. He nodded towards the guards and they lifted the flap to the tent. "Couriers will be by with further information. Use this time to recover and once everyone has regained their strength be on your way home." With those words and a last fleeting look at Dean, he left the tent, followed by Uriel and his guards, leaving behind a deep, tense silence.
"No, thanks, babe. I feel live driving around a bit," he said. For a moment Cas thought about putting a bit more pressure behind his request for Dean to come with him, because something wasn't right, but in the end he straightened up and closed the door. He walked around the car to the driver's side. Dean rolled down the window.
"If it's demonic we'll be having the scholars put up sigils right away," the commander said and with a nod of Dean's head the commander was gone, shouting orders.
“I… just to be by your side, to have you love me in return,” Cas told him, swallowing against the lump in his throat. “Maybe… go on a date? That’s what humans do, right?”
"One witness is all we need, unless this creature will go after the other men in the group later on," Sam reminded him.
"Can we have pizza?" Jack asked right away, his expression brightening. He put his phone away and jumped up on his feet. Cas smiled at him, stepping outside so Jack could follow. Dean walked into the living room not long after, wearing his pajamas, looking quite a bit more comfortable.
"I know there's a lot of stuff that needs to be talked about, with Mom and Dad and maybe you don't want that… But you're welcome to come visit me, any time. I'd love to catch up and make up for lost time. I really mean it, Sammy," Dean insisted. Sam unglued himself from Cas and nodded at Dean.
Dean was smiling like an idiot by the time he made it to his car. His phone pinged with a message and he found it to be from Sam.
Eventually Dean decided to get on the bed fully, lying down next to Cas, mimicking his position. Cas turned his head, looking at him with a squint.
"Now, that's just childish," Dean complained but his retort had to wait. When Dean had lifted his eyes away from the screen, he noticed a garden that looked surprisingly verdant for the time of the year. Dean put away his phone and approached the house that was attached to the garden. It was already spring, but it was still cool and nothing but buds should be sticking out of the soil. The plants in this garden were in full bloom already. Dean checked the details on the object. Fertility spells often also impacted nature. Maybe it was nothing, but Dean had to start somewhere.
“Dean, we don’t even have a bed!” Cas complained, but he did follow Dean up into what was going to be their bedroom. It had plenty of windows and access to a pretty balcony looking over their yard. Dean laughed, then he plopped down on the floor, assuming an enticing pose and sending Cas an exaggeratedly sexy look.
"That's his own fault!" Dean called after him but it was a weak retort since Uriel probably wasn't listening. But it was true anyway. Castiel didn't have to be "shackled" to Dean and besides, it was Dean who was being shackled to Castiel!
"Almost like he's going into battle," Hannah commented with a chuckle and Dean had to confess to himself it wasn't far off, at least it was how he felt. He looked at himself in the mirror, vaguely pleased with his reflection. Of course, his good mood only lasted for a moment, because when Hannah deemed him ready, he was led out of the room, Benny following diligently, to a waiting chariot. The last light of the day was fading as they were on the road towards Milton Heights, but he saw the cathedral up ahead, illuminated from within. There were some angels lingering outside, interested in seeing what was going on.
"Uhm," Cas muttered to himself, standing by his car and scrolling, when he could already be in Dean's arms instead.
"Yes, we know… We know who you are, Castiel," the inn keeper said and Cas ducked his head. "I remember you and I know the tales. People still talk about you and your travels." There was a smile on her lips even though Cas' face was regretful. "You had longer hair then."
"I had lots of fun today," Dean blurted out. Cas stilled his fumbling with the buttons and looked at Dean. "I really enjoy spending time with you, Cas. And I will be very sad to see it end." Castiel sighed.
"Great. Then we'll do that. I still have a week off after this, so I'd be happy to help you move as well if you need the help and want to be… less alone" Castiel smiled at Dean, then he scooted a bit closer so that he could put his head on Dean's shoulder.
"It's sweet that you came to help him move," Amelia said. "Because we're just here to take a peek at you." Dean laughed.
"I know you're worried about me," Jack said, his voice slightly muffled, but Cas wasn't going to let him out of the hug just yet. "And that you feel weird about not seeing me all the time."
"I do have Grace now… I'm far harder to kill than I used to be," he muttered. At least he guessed he was.
"I am being diligent. As I explained to you, I had cause to believe that Winchester was led to invade my country on false information. Information that painted a picture of an incompetent angelic army in the border region. Surely that couldn't be the case, since you are leading those armies," Castiel said, tilting his head. Dean was a bit impressed, Cas had balls, that much was sure. Lucifer's expression didn't change much, still faintly amused like Cas was a mere lap dog yapping at him. "Thanks to your generosity, Uriel could uncover that the human informant most likely misrepresented or misunderstood what he was observing."
"As we've seen Rooney has had contact with angels and it hasn't been particularly hostile," Bobby explained, not letting himself be distracted by their new arrival. "But we got confirmation that there have been some casualties in the last year or so, people ending up dead on the steppe."
"Thank you," he said when he too received a cup of tea. He wasn't much of a tea drinker but it seemed rude to deny his mother-in-law.
"Aww, babe, it's not so bad. We've got plenty of privacy," he said with a wink but Cas still frowned. When he thought about it, it wasn't actually true either. They either met in public or in Dean's room. There had also been a memorable occasion where they spent some time in the backseat of the Impala. Admittedly, it was mostly memorable for how hard-won their orgasms were, considering Baby's backseat wasn't made for two men of their size. Castiel heaved a sigh, then he ran his hand through Dean's hair softly and disappeared back behind the counter. Dean's heart sank slightly though he couldn't even explain why.
"You really were a dick," Castiel muttered, but a small smile pulled at his lips. He closed his eyes and shook his head, then he looked up at Dean. "It's been difficult trying to redeem myself for…" Castiel lifted his arms and then let them drop back to his sides. "Everything. And I thought I had a shot, a
Castiel folded the letter. It was difficult to say from a distance what was true. Could two things be true at the same time? Could Lucifer have orchestrated this situation, while at the same time a human informant would have reported on it with a slight twisting of facts? Could those two things follow the same goal?
"I'm just saying. We got back from a long hunt, too damn tired and aching all over. You two guys might not get it, but I've got a boyfriend. And I've got needs that demand to be satisfied," he hissed, somewhat embarrassed.
"Alright," Cas said quietly, his voice firm and his expression a mix of concern but also seriousness. Dean took a deep breath and then he tapped the journal.
"Of course, Cas," he finally said, reaching out to grab Cas' hand which he had on his thighs, giving it a tight squeeze. Castiel nodded, grateful.
"I'm gonna miss you all," Charlie said, rushing back out after Ambriel had managed to finally get her settled inside. She gave her angel friends fierce hugs, before she staggered over to Dean and Cas. "You've got to come back soon!"
“You should always feel comfortable about coming to talk to us. No matter what. Even, or maybe especially, if you think you might be in trouble,” Sam told him. “And we’re sorry that we left you alone. We shouldn’t have.”
No. Not everything was done. He still had a task to complete. And his soul hungered for it, now that nothing else was holding him back.
“So…” Cas started, curious about the outfit, but Dean clearly wasn’t interested in discussing it. He put his hands on Cas’ face and pulled him in to finish what he started earlier. Cas smiled into the kiss.
"The terminology is fitting," was all Cas said when he handed Dean a copy of his schedule. Dean rolled his eyes, but his lips were pulled up into a smile. He was giving Castiel pretty contradictory signals, but whatever went on in Dean's head, Dean's face definitely brought back a certain uncomfortable feeling in Castiel's stomach. Must be irritation.
"You're terrible, Gabriel," Castiel managed to say, though it wasn't as biting as he would have wished, because deep down he knew that Gabriel just stated the truth.
"I just want to find my brother," Dean assured him, both hands lifted disarmingly. "I've heard only rumors all of my life. That he's been stolen by a witch and that on his 18
“They’re fake,” Jack reminded Dean. Before Dean could argue further, Sam sat down at the table opposite him.
Dean was restless. He had nothing particular to do and nowhere to be as the case continued to be stalled. Waiting around for the people to leave, only served to show Dean just how out of place he was in this town. He was just a visitor and the only thing that really held him here was Cas. In the last couple of weeks Dean's world had slowly narrowed down to him. And while he couldn't bring himself to be freaked out about it, it was… dissatisfying the way it was now.
"I am delighted to meet you," the god said and Dean didn't quite know what to answer, so he took a seat. His counterpart took a seat too, relaxing back into his chair. "We knew that there were worlds that existed next to our own, but we have never met a traveler such as yourself. Especially not ourselves from a different universe! I didn't know it was possible," Sam said and Dean's mouth quirked up into a smile at Sam's enthusiasm.
"Force of habit," he admitted. He had gone through all possible scenarios. If Dean ordered eggs or if he took pancakes, if he had nothing but coffee or a soda for a change. He was prepared and while he felt sick to his stomach, he gradually calmed down the more his mind went through his list of possible ways to cast his spell.
"Ridiculous?! I'm concerned about what kind of person my alpha son will grow up to be! And I'm concerned that you'll go to the beach dressed like a whore!" Luke shouted. Cas bit his lip to stop himself from shouting something obscene back or storming back out to kick him in the nuts. At least he could fantasize about it. He pulled off his bikini and swiftly got back into his shorts and t-shirt.
"Ah, you're back! I put some letters on your writing desk," she said with a smile and Castiel returned it warmly. "I'll go fetch Dean for you. You can commiserate together how much you already miss your mother's presence," she said with a wink.
"Come on. I'm not stupid and it's not like we'll be graded." Cas hardly found that a comforting attitude, but he had no good arguments to keep Dean uninvolved.
“I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t want to burden you with the knowledge of the deal or… or my…” Cas faltered. Dean stopped at the car and turned around to look at Cas. Cas heaved a sigh. “I never wanted to burden you.”
"And this is where Castiel comes into play," Michael said and when Castiel looked up at him in shock, he found a wide grin on his lips.
"I asked about your favorite food so that we would be prepared," Cas said, observing Dean while he ate. "Of course you have your own staff, which means that so far I haven't had the chance to get feedback from you." Dean was surprised to hear that and weirdly touched.
Of course, that was until Charlie practically dragged him into his room the moment he opened the door.
"We are all aware that the reason the hunter is investigating in our town is because of your exorbitance," she chastised coolly. "Dumah could cover up some of your missteps but she couldn't stop the news from reporting it this time. People talked about it," Naomi breathed in, soothing out her irritation, "on the internet already yesterday."
"Don't worry," the Uriel continued, sniffing loudly to recover from his laughter, "a bit of oil and determination will make Cas'
"A child with demon blood, yes. Why would you give him up?" Castiel asked, sterner than he had ever been with Mary. He wasn't a fool; he knew that this touched an old wound painfully. But instead of reacting with shame, Mary bristled.
"Uh, I don't think so, but it's not like you're in my head." Dean looked up at Cas suspiciously. "Or are you?"
"You can't do things like this, Jack. This can get you into very serious trouble," he told him sternly but Jack clearly wasn't impressed or feeling guilty at all.
"Uh, yeah, sure." Castiel showed him a small smile then he left the breakfast room, servants coming in at once to ask if Dean required anything else and when he told them he was done, they went about cleaning up. Dean remained seated for a while longer, looking out into the early morning.
"Why?" Dean wondered not bothering to swallow before talking. "Is it because we're not boning?" Cas snorted, which was a pretty rare sound coming from the angel.
The hunter was sitting sprawled on the chair, legs kicked out in front of him, his pose casual and performatively at ease. He held Cas' menu in his hand, waving it a bit and fixing Cas with a cocky smile. Cas had to be on his toes around him, but that didn't stop him from noticing just how attractive the hunter was.
The café Cas sat in was relatively noisy, populated by young people chatting and working on their laptops. Cas didn't exactly stick out in terms of what he had on his table (a coffee, a laptop and a newspaper) but he certainly was about 20 years older than the average patron. Maybe that was to be expected, considering Jack had suggested this coffee shop close to his campus. Cas was glad that Jack had agreed to meeting him on a weekday so easily when he had asked if he was free this evening. Castiel stopped his surveillance of the coffee shop and turned back to his laptop, scrolling through job offers for accountants in Dayton. He'd probably just apply to anything that looked somewhat promising and didn't come with a significant pay cut. Ideally, there would be no mentions of the words "modern corporate pack philosophy" in the ad. God, Cas hated his current job's stupid corporate pack philosophy.
But then Sam interrupted his thoughts. Like he used to when he was still a little child he came running through the sunflowers and the tall grass, reaching out to him to grab his hand.
"No! I mean yes! Yes he has powers, but they're not bad. Not demonic. He can move things with his mind. But that's all," he said and Dean approached him, arms lifted.
century of an alternative universe," Dean said but was prevented from continuing by the room erupting in noise.
"Not the entire High Council agrees with how we've been dealing with humans for the last couple of centuries, though we have voted on non-interference a long time ago." She tilted her head, still studying Dean from head to toe, her expression intrigued. "I wonder how this little stunt is going to impact opinion." Dean frowned, unsure whose "stunt" she was referring to. The war or Cas' decision to lock him up here as punishment? "Cas wanted to introduce us, but sadly you were
"Fuck," Dean said, feeling the tension inside of him snap. Castiel patted his back. "Shit, really?" Naomi didn't react to his cursing.
"Yeah. That dude talks way too much," Dean said and then motioned his hand towards the bar. Cas nodded and followed inside. "And is far too invested in your love life," he added once they were sitting. Castiel rolled his eyes at that.
"You want a moment to be miserable or…?" Benny asked and Dean glared at the ceiling. After a while he forced himself back on his feet. He might as well acquaint himself with his prison even though he wouldn't be here for long if he had his way.
"Do you think it's working?" Dean wondered, when they were walking back from breakfast. Dean wasn't really sure where they were going, but he was somewhat reluctant to leave Cas' side just yet. Cas didn't seem intent on getting rid of him either. Cas turned to look at him, tilting his head in question. "The bond? You seem to look healthier, but it's really hard to tell…," Dean clarified.
"Better days for witches," she said, a reminiscent smile playing on her lips, the softest the bundle in her arms would have seen so far, had it not been wrapped up in fabric. A curtain the unfortunate thief had stolen from his wife, just like he had stolen the newborn. Little Castiel. What a waste, giving away a name as special as that to something you wouldn't be able to keep. But it didn't matter to the witch.
"At three weeks after birth, an egg's shell is slowly starting to harden up but it's still very fragile. If you drop it now it would probably crack on the concrete floor," Castiel told him, keeping his voice calm.
"I mean, sure, there was a spell. Castiel crafted a spell, a pretty epic, powerful one that would have burrowed itself so deep into your heart that you would have never walked free of it again."
"Dean Smith," he muttered, reading the fake name. "I… had no idea," Castiel said, looking back up and Dean grinned. "Why didn't you say that you were here to investigate, Agent Smith?"
"I would like to engage you in a mock battle," she said, seemingly testing out the word "mock" which had Dean suck in his lips to stop himself from laughing.
Dean had felt pretty good in Seattle, even though he had been busy, but the moment he was back behind his desk in Ohio, he felt off-kilter again. He tried to ignore it and work through it, but it simply persisted. Cas sent him a text during lunch time, reminding him to think to eat, but Dean merely looked at it, felt that dark and heavy feeling inside of him expand and expand, so he turned the phone screen down on the table. He ignored the salad Tessa had put on his desk and he said a cheerful good-bye to her when she frowned into his office at 5 PM. When he got home from work at 10 PM he fell straight into bed and thought of nothing.
"Once you grow a beard we can talk about that. You're just too young to be convincing, sorry, kid," Dean decided. Neither Sam nor Cas objected to Dean's decision and Jack looked like he was seriously contemplating if scrapping together a bit of Grace to figure out beard growth was a viable option.
"Come on, sunshine!" he shouted, uncaring who could hear him. But nobody really seemed to point and stare, so fine. Cas got up as well, but he approached the water with a bit more caution, but then Dean held out his hands for him, in all his wet glory, so Cas ignored the initial shock of the cold water and hurried up until he could wrap his arms around Dean.
He didn’t hesitate for long before he opened his contacts and dialed Dean’s number. Again, he wasn’t sure what would come off of it, but the phone
Claire read out loud and then frowned, but before she could ask Jack about it, he clicked open a picture, grinning at her while it loaded.
“Dean? Dean, what happened?!” Cas called anxiously, but he only heard Dean shout something else, but it seemed more annoyed than it did alarmed.
"Gabriel," Castiel asked, his voice beseeching, which made the other witch lift his eyebrow skeptically. "Won't you help me? Sam is in danger."
"Well done, Castiel. And I suspect, good-bye," Gabriel said with a wink. Hannah gasped and stepped forwards, her surprise taking over her urge to congratulate Cas.
"We certainly have to equip Rooney with the ability to defend against demons on their own or ask them to give up the settlement," Bobby mused, then he studied Cas. "Have you battled demons before?"
"Yeah okay. You always get the hard missions, no matter what universe you're in," Dean said somewhat fondly. He coughed when he felt embarrassed by the soft smile Cas sent him. He turned away, swinging his arms and looking around the room. But there still wasn't anything new to see here.
Dean started paying more attention to Cas in ways that felt like betrayal. Dean had plenty of time to himself where he could do whatever he wanted, so he reluctantly combed through the house, looking for anything that gave off a supernatural vibe.
"And who would get the territory if Winchester fell?" Dean wanted to know even though the mere thought of the kingdom falling and all that entailed, let his insides turn cold with dread. Castiel studied him but eventually he answered:
"Mother, what a pleasant surprise," Cas said instead of answering and Dean didn't have time to conceal his grimace before Cas opened the door wider for Dean to see into the room. Naomi was sitting at the table, her legs crossed, hands on her knee. She was wearing a pristine silver robe and her bun was adorned by silver jewelry. She was dressed as splendidly as on the day of their wedding, something she hadn't bothered with in the months that followed. "You could have sent note, I would have received you adequately."
Dean thought that didn't sound too good. What had Jack to do with any of this? Castiel and Dean had barely taken a seat when Naomi held out the scroll towards Dean.
He couldn't trust Rowena, a witch from Hell, any more than he could trust Ketch. Hell, even less than he could trust Ketch, since Ketch at least was vetted by Hess. That hadn't meant much in the long run, but at least he had been able to accept acting on it because Kendrick was allied to them. Sure, she was one of Bobby's magic contacts, but did that make her trustworthy? Dean simply didn't know.
"What? No… Nothing out of the ordinary. He was just the one to start it, I guess…" Drought answered.
Charlie's voice made Dean falter, shattering his easy rhythm. He groaned and let his sword arm drop, the training sword's tip digging into the soil. He looked at her, ready to answer, but then he noticed just how dark it was already. The sun had already set and while there was still light, it was fading fast.
"We will be serving food shortly," she said then the flap was lowered. Only now Dean noticed that lanterns were strung around the roof of the tent, lighting up the tent a bit more than just the fire did. It created a cozy atmosphere and despite the circumstances, Dean felt himself relax just a little bit.
"So show me then," he challenge, which had Cas clutch the bag even tighter. Luke approached, reaching out his hands to put them on Castiel's upper arm. "Make it a little show." He winked at Cas, then he stepped away, patting Cas' cheek before he crossed his arms over his chest expectantly.
"Pity. He's very easy on the eyes," he said and Castiel let go some of the tension that held his shoulders straight and alert.
"There will be a new contract? This isn't just a pardon?" Castiel asked and Naomi nodded. "So that means Michael is in favor of keeping in contact with Winchester?"
"Hm, I don't know. Maybe I'll meet Anna. Go hiking a bit," Cas said and Dean happily listened to Cas' weekend plans, letting himself be calmed by his voice. Yeah, they'd be fine. Dean was sure of it.
"Winchester would live," Dean said dismissively. "I'm just one man after all." Castiel lifted his eyebrow at that.
"Can I talk to you?" he asked and Castiel let his hand drop away from the coffee machine and looked at him intently. His expression was serious and he nodded.
"I guess if you know, you know," John said, "but that's still a big step and will take a lot of work. He just moved after all, I doubt he'd be ready to uproot his life and go to Ohio with you."
"Why not?" she asked, shaking her head in confusion. "We took you in when you were orphaned. We're your family!"
“What the hell?” Dean cursed and Cas couldn’t fault him this reaction. Cas wasn’t sure what had happened since he was pulled into the Empty, or even how much time had passed.
"The angels care," Flagstaff snapped at him. "Castiel enjoyed great respect from everyone in Enoch, a well-liked leader which we would have loved see represent us in the High Council. But now this puts all of his efforts into jeopardy. It is a shame, really, that he gave his heart to you."
"Now that you know the context I assume you might be more willing," Castiel said, trying not to let hope bleed into his words. He wasn't craving to have sex with Dean, even though he was pleasant to look at, but he would really like to put the issue of his Grace at rest.
"There were other plans," Rowena explained, tapping her nails on the table where she sat. "Plans for Prince Sam if Dean would have died. Many plans to make sure that the human kingdoms eventually fell and Hell could be expanded."
"What do you think about all of this, Dean?" Dean was surprised to actually be addressed. "You invaded a foreign nation that has been so benevolent to you on nothing but wrong information. You suffered a humiliating defeat AND you are now nothing but a prisoner to the creature you sought to destroy. That must be… unpleasant for you."
"Jack? Dean's here!" Cas called. They all listened for a reaction, which followed a couple of seconds later. There was a thump from upstairs and then the sound of feet hurrying down the stairs. Jack showed up in the door to the kitchen with a smile. He held up his hand.
Castiel patted down his trench coat until his palms brushed against a hard shape. He reached into his pocket and produced his mobile phone.
"I… don't know… The omega is supposed to guard the egg." Cas could see a frown appear between Dean's brows again.
"Uhm, thank you?" Cas added and Rowena winked at him. Dean glowered at her, but didn't say anything.
"You're gonna hover?" Dean asked when he took his fork and Gabriel was still standing by their table, a big grin on his face. Since Gabriel wasn't going to move away, Dean seemed to resign himself to his fate and took a bite of his pie. And then another, before he took a sip of his coffee.
"It's not working…" Castiel said, his voice a low, incredulous whisper. "Why! Why isn't it working?" Cas shouted now and poured more magic into the wound, desperately urging it to knit together to keep Dean's life in. Castiel felt himself panic and he looked from the blood seeping through his fingers at Dean, who had paled even more. The prince was biting his lips, the fear in his eyes slowly solidifying into acceptance.
"It's more of a friendly get together, but if Raphael shows up, there will certainly be business talk too. And I'm not looking forward to that… He's exhausting and profoundly unfunny." Then he checked Dean's watch. "I've got to go, Dean," he said.
"I love you, Cas," Dean said, the words coming off his lips so easily. Castiel turned his head and smiled at him.
"And husbands," Dean reminded him, but even though he was for some reason comfortable enough in Castiel's presence now to tease him, he felt a small pang of unease that felt almost foreign. But then Castiel smiled at him and it lifted.
have been mistaken, because it looked like Anna winked at Charlie. Anna turned away and walked up to the King and Queen, finally paying them any attention.
"Not particularly? I can tell you all about myself in 30 seconds if that makes you feel better," Dean told him.
Cas set about ordering pizzas for them and once they were here they all settled out on the balcony which was a tight squeeze but the evening was nice and still reasonably warm and Cas took the chance to have both of his boys together like this again.
"But if you succeed then you will be a full witch of our coven," Naomi said and Cas didn't miss the smile she showed him, proud of his achievement because she knew that he would not fail.
"I wouldn't make my own brother kneel for me!" Sam frowned at him, the words registering slowly. His nose wrinkled, then he looked up at Cas for confirmation.
"We rarely have male omegas here. It's always a risk to run a mixed shelter and I can use no trouble. If you don't keep it in your pants then you're out," she added, another condition to her offer for shelter.
"Something besides human being stricken by hubris and attacking a foe they can't defeat?" Uriel wondered and poured new coffee into his cup. Castiel's lips pulled into a small smile. "I really hope you don't have some weird fetish of wanting to debase yourself by bedding a human," Uriel continued after a while.
"Uh, yes. Thanks," he said, getting up from the chair. He knew when he was being dismissed. And while he could be stubborn and continue getting in her face, it was best not to push his luck. She had been unusually forthcoming with information and he now knew more than he had expected to learn.
Apparently, this was the moment, both of them wrapped together, Dean cursing under his breath, that Sam couldn't take it anymore. He started laughing.
"I thought it would be nice for dad to meet you," she said and then she dashed off, leaving Dean and Cas standing there.
"Why don't you show me your new room?" Luke suggested to Jack, who was immediately on board. With Jack carrying his present and the rest of his luggage being spread between his parents and Dean, they got into the dorm building. It looked nice to Cas and even though it was very busy with parents and family helping their kids move in, it didn't feel too terribly crowded. According to the info Cas had, Jack would be in a male only dorm, with both alpha and beta students.
"You're not exactly creative with your wardrobe either, Dean," Castiel told him. Dean crossed his arms over his chest, looking defensive again. "I don't get tired of wearing this. It's… comfort to me, Dean. It's part of what I…" Castiel sighed and Dean's defensive stance eased up at once, a flicker of concern crossing his features. "When I possessed this body, the clothing was as much part of it as the hands, the hair, the eyes. As a habit, we don’t change anything about our vessel."
“I only have good news,” she said and Cas relaxed instantly. “Everything looks great, no obvious reasons why you should encounter any problem conceiving.” She paused a moment to allow for her words to sink in. Then she continued: “You know the drill; increased fertility during your heats. Synched cycles make it easier, mating even more so. But nothing’s a guarantee.”
"Bye," he repeated and looked at Cas over his shoulder before he left. This time Castiel felt a lingering happiness long after Dean was gone.
"I don't know many omegas, but you're clearly my favorite next to dad," he answered which Claire commented with an exaggerated "awwww!". Claire let Jack scroll some more while she texted Kaia.
So Cas decided to sit in the library, currently not occupied by anyone other than Sam's laptop, the notes of their most recent case still scattered over the table. Maybe it would be right to wake the other people in the bunker. But somehow Cas didn't feel like it. His job was to get dressed, Dean did the rest.
"Yeah. I'm really worried about that locket, so maybe once you've got the cursed dildo and deposited it in the curse boxes Mom has in her car, you can help me with some tentative leads," Sam suggested. They agreed on that and Dean ended the call. He quickly checked his phone to make sure that he hadn't missed any of Cas' messages. Of course, there were no new ones.
"But this situation is hurting me, Cas. I can't stand it. I just want you to be my friend – my family again!" Dean shouted, knowing how it sounded like he was begging. Maybe he was. "Please. Cas. Just… please."
He got up from the bench and walked up to his medieval counterpart. Standing next to him like this, he was able to properly study him. His body radiated heat, so he was probably some sort of elemental deity. Since he had come out of the fire, there was a good chance that he was associated with it. Dean issued a guess that he was either a Celtic or a Norse god, but in the lore he hadn't really come across anyone like this dude and Dean considered himself relatively well-read. Dean's previous assumption that this Dean was taller than him didn't seem to be entirely true – the god just seemed larger than life. Maybe it was the coat.
"Please, Cas. It's not instinct that makes you want to keep Hatchiette close. It's textbook learning! Just like it's textbook learning that makes you look like I'm juggling with a grenade when I don't maintain ideal handling position!" Castiel widened his eyes in surprise which had Dean scoff. "I'm not an idiot, Cas."
“And usually that means you will have sex,” Jack added sagely. Dean couldn’t even say anything, pretty sure his face was moments away from bursting into flames. But other than smite him on the spot, Cas actually seemed intrigued. He looked at Dean and then, very deliberately, took the card from Dean.
"Anything else I should be aware of? Four days is early but you might be able to tell. I'd like to know if your circumstances change," she said and Cas frowned.
“Yes, yes. I know. It just means we have to keep our eyes on you bit more. And communicate better. And maybe also give you a bit more obvious affection, even if you find it annoying.”
"Am I supposed to believe that? It's not like I'm here because I want to be. I'm your prisoner! Or your brother's." Anna shook her head.
It continued like this, with clothes showing up in bags and with Cas putting them away. He was sure that Dean wanted him to wear them, but he never actually said anything about it when Cas didn't. Unless Cas undressed for Dean, there was no reason for him to ever change out of his clothes. In fact, he distinctly disliked the idea of doing it. There was nothing wrong with the clothing he had received. If he were human, yes, he could see the merit in changing out of it into something more casual and comfortable. But the fact was that Cas wasn't human. Cas didn't feel discomfort. Quite the opposite in fact. He had always felt uneasy, vulnerable, one could even say "not himself" when he wasn't wearing the clothing Jimmy Novak had dressed himself in for possession. But there was no way to make Dean understand the peculiarities of angels. With neither human comfort nor vanity to deal with, Cas simply had no reason to make use of the growing selection of clothing.
"You say that he was one of the main supporters?" Dean repeated. "That was 600 years ago!" Cas tilted his head in confusion.
"Let me put this into the storage for you, Naomi," she said and sent Castiel an encouraging smile before she left. This close, a hint of Hannah's emotions brushed him. She was excited and genuinely happy that he was finally being initiated into the coven.
"Ugh, leave my ass out of it," Dean said with a groan and now it was Benny's turn to sip wine to stop himself from commenting.
She'd say "Child, beware of the wanderers", in hushed tones, her scent cold but familiar, like the pine forest covered in snow. The other children in the square often shrieked the tunes of the Wanderer's Song to tease, when one of the men in heavy fur coats and with bulging bags that reeked of foul magic and blood, came through the village to stock up for their journeys.
"You've been out here for hours, Dean. Don't you think you're still in tip top shape?" she wondered with a small smile. Dean decided to shrug it off, walking over to her. She held out a towel to him, grinning from ear to ear. Dean took it gratefully, wiping at his face. He let Charlie put away his training sword, then they made their way back into the castle together.
"I know, but I have to put in the effort Cas. I've neglected my relationships, I've neglected my family… I have to change things. I
"He's asleep," he announced then he climbed on the bed, just lying there, looking relaxed. Even before they had joined bedrooms, Dean had slept over often enough to know that Cas tended to get up frequently in the night to either walk around with the kid or feed him. It didn't seem to bother him all that much and Dean had to admit that he kind of missed Cas being adorably grouchy in the early morning.
"I would appreciate if you answer our questions, Mr. Drought. If this was in fact a Sennentuntschi, we can destroy it," Castiel said.
"You get to parent. You even interrupted work to do it. I think that's good, Dean. Nothing to be defensive about. Cas and Jack might be the right thing for you after all," she said, then she waved at him and left his office. "Don't forget your meeting at 4!"
“Yeah well, if we knew you were joining us, we might have hurried up,” Dean said, effortlessly playing along with Claire. “Initial thoughts, kiddo?”
"This is nonsense! Just Lucifer trying to sabotage you because you crossed his little plan to get rid of us!" Dean argued. "I'll testify to the stupid High Court if I have to!"
"I probably don't want to know," Mary answered with a fond roll of her eyes, while Sam levelled Dean with a less than impressed look. "Okay, do we know anything about the objects at all?" Sam patted a thick folder on the table in front of him.
"It was an impossible challenge. To choose between kingdom or a child," Dean started, turning his body back to the front, unable to meet Castiel's eyes or have him see the flicker of doubt cross his face. "Most queens would make the tough choice."
"Text me when you get back home safe?" Cas asked once they were back at Jack's dorm, leaning into the open car window to kiss Dean good-bye.
“What?” he asked, taken aback. Pretty face and intense eyes aside, the whole situation just became a whole lot more dangerous. Dean’s hand went towards his side, where he kept his ipad with the emergency button and where his gun was. Cas clearly saw Dean’s hand twitch towards his gun, but his calm demeanor didn’t change at all.
"I suppose it's an honor to raise a child of such blood," he said with a sniff, leaving Dean incredulous.
Gabriel approached the podium with almost a bounce in his gait, then he came to a halt and presented a very elaborate, almost mocking display of a curtsy.
"Since it's raining again, I will cancel training. Which frees up my afternoon," Dean said, watching Cas yawn. "How do you get anything done when you're so sleepy all the time?"
"I think you handled my parents' nosy questions well," Dean told Cas after a while, pulling Cas closer into his side, rubbing his arm.
"I heard rumors… That you stole the child to exchange him for magic powers," he started. Castiel scoffed in disgust. "But… some people also whispered that…" He swallowed and licked his lips nervously. "That my Mom had taken him to you." There was silence for a while and Dean watched Castiel's stern expression melt into something that looked uncomfortably close to pity.
"So is that what you're going to be? A zoo director?" Cas grumbled, hardly appeased by the explanation of the joke.
"If you died, don't you think the entire country would have been destabilized? You would have been vulnerable to attack, especially if we had retaliated differently. If I had received the order to wipe out everyone you took with you, what would have happened?" Dean tensed at the mere thought of it. "If your parents would have lost their cherished son, what would have happened? If we had retaliated properly, who would have been affected and in what form?"
"And what do you think?" Dean prompted after a while. When his parents still didn't answer, Dean decided to continue. "May I add that I love Castiel? And that these last weeks, when we were no longer married, have been torture to me?"
"You could have given us a warning. We checked every shelter and homeless camp twice!" Dean said by way of greeting but he was grinning now.
"Yeah well, you're both ungrateful bitches," Dean grumbled. Sam rubbed his forehead with his fingers, eyes closed in exasperation, then he looked at Dean.
"Well?" Dean challenged after he had waited long enough for Cas to comment. Castiel looked up at him, his head tilted slightly. "What do you make of it?"
"I…" Cas stammered, but he didn't know how to continue, trying to process his emotions. And apparently he wasn't able to pull himself together fast enough, because Dean's expression became pinched. He looked kind of in pain before his face darkened.
Cas didn't hesitate a moment before he went into the front door, but he was dismayed to find that Dean stubbornly followed him.
"But you also expose her to potentially dangerous situations that she wouldn't be exposed to if she just stayed in a cozy little nest. If you're so worried about ideal temperature then you could either get a heat lamp or an incubator," Dean argued. Castiel had to concede that Dean's argument had some merit to it. "A real dragon wouldn’t carry around her egg all the time either. It would stay in the nest, while she goes to the valley to steal sheep from poor farmers."
"There will be no parties," Castiel said quickly, though it was addressed at Uriel and not at Dean. After a moment of looking around at the proceedings in the yard, he turned back to Dean and Charlie. Benny had joined them now, his stance wide besides Dean, his hand casually put on his sword.
"There's a reason why my family doesn't usually reside here," Castiel said from the bed, as Dean stood by the window, looking out into the dark sheets of rain coming down on the landscape. The wind made the rain hit the window heavily. No training today unless Dean wanted it to end up in another mud wrestling session. He turned away from the window with a sigh, watching Castiel sit up. He watched him lean forwards, bending close to his legs, while the shadows of his wings stretched wide. Dean had seen Cas wake up many times over the last weeks, but this view never ceased to amaze him.
He had no idea where or when he was now, but he was unsettled by how quiet it was. Not a quiet that felt supernatural. He heard the wind, stirring the grass and swaying like dewy waves, and there was an occasional bird call, a flutter of wings accompanying a shadow passing over Dean's head. There was fog hanging over the fields, steaming up and blending into the pale sky that stretched, open and vast, all around Dean. This was the gentle quiet of empty landscapes that spoke of a total absence of people or streets with cars or even just planes flying overhead. Dean had a feeling why that was. Maybe he was wrong. He told himself that he could still be wrong, with each step that took him through the unpaved street with its gentle grooves that hinted at the occasional wagon passing through here. He passed a stone that lined the street, maybe a border stone. It had etchings not unlike the ones he had seen in the stone circle he had been transported to. He thought about sitting down on it for a second, to rest his feet, but something stopped him. It seemed almost… disrespectful to sit on it, which was ridiculous. It was just a stone. Dean had half a mind to spite that weird apprehension in his chest, eying the twigs and picked flowers that seemed to circle the stone, but then he looked up. The building he had seen was just up ahead, behind tilled but empty fields and a low stone wall. No need to sit down so close to his destination.
"I felt that, thank you Dean," Cas said softly. Dean grinned, but then he got a bit too embarrassed about it and turned to Jack. "I'm even warming up to this pooper here," Dean said, reaching out to ruffle Jack's hair.
Damn it Dean, he told himself. Get a grip, you know how to do this. Sure it's been a while, but not that long for him to be so nervous about it!
"Woah! Dude! Keep it in your pants!" Dean said, catching a glimpse of what looked like further markings on his stomach and a sizeable bulge in his leggings.
“I’m on suppressants anyway,” Dean added. “If you want I can stop taking them now, so that my hormones get some time to adjust. But it will take some months… There might be a chance of us synching up though. I read that this make it easier to conceive?”
"Rapunzel," Cas answered and Dean eased up on the hug enough to raise up slightly so he could stare down at Cas incredulous.
"Cas can get pregnant," Dean said, deciding to gloss over the fact that he didn't know if Cas wanted to get pregnant. Both of his parents eyed him dubiously. "I don't know how exactly, but he can. Angelic biology is different. I promise." John and Mary looked at each other, both of them pensive. "Please?" John downed the rest of his wine in some big gulps.
"We don't know how far away Castiel's manor is, but it can't be totally out of the way if he's really an influential lord like that dick bag Uriel claimed. And our maps are hardly up to date, which will make an escape difficult," Dean said as they both got up on their horses. Up ahead someone must have given the sign to move and soon Anna and some other angels were surrounding Dean's party again, and despite the fact that they were prisoners, Anna still looked as friendly and unthreatening as she had on the journey across the Toes.
"Can we have breakfast delivered to Cas' room?" he asked her and Hannah brought her hands together, far more delighted than she had any business being.
"Good," Jack said, then he turned back to his phone. That had been a surprise conversation but not necessarily a bad one.
"Hold on just a second, Dean," he said, then he turned to Jack. "It might be our thing," he said and Jack beamed at him while Dean rolled his eyes. He just wanted to go back to bed, maybe spoon Cas some more. "Do you have a police report? Some witnesses maybe?"
"In theory. But we should burn the doll to be sure it's done," Castiel said. Jack, having found the case in the first place, got to do the honors under Castiel's watchful eye. The kid was half-angel after all, even low on power. No need to take unnecessary risks with holy fire. But Jack doused the doll and set fire to it without any issues. It stank dreadfully, but Castiel assured them that the task was done.
"It's peculiar seeing you behind the wheel of this car. It's almost like you should be wearing a suit," Cas said with a smile when they were on the road. Dean took his eyes off the street for a second to look at Cas.
"But usually alphas have no interest in nesting," Castiel answered flatly, which had Dean frown some more. There was no use denying it. His mother always said it and the project in high school had proven it to Cas. His alpha partner had been horrible and useless. He doubted Dean was any better. He doubted any of the alphas would perform particularly well.
"Easy. I just…" Dean stopped, his face scrunching up, his scent distressed, before he sighed in resignation. "It's late… I can pick something up for us to eat. But you wanted a separate room? Or share with Sam?" Castiel blinked up at Dean, confusion clouding his mind. The agreeable scent of the detergent was still there, but it was much stronger now and it clung to Dean. It was like the scent of the forest in autumn, refreshing, comforting. But Dean's disappointment dimmed it somewhat.
"Sure," Dean answered with a grin and then he gave Cas a kiss and walked him to the door. "And don't forget the take away!" Cas nodded, then he got into the car and drove away.
Castiel tried to reach out to him, pluck at the bond between them and felt his vulnerability, his desire for love screaming at him, even though Castiel had done nothing to stop the love he poured towards Dean.
The army left the Fortress of Eye Campbell in the early hours of the morning, when the landscape lay in a thin morning fog and the slow advent of dawn cast the land in cool purple shadows. A thin crescent moon hung low and distant over the mountains as they marched and the birdsong accompanying the morning lifted their spirits. Though Dean was proud to say that a lack of spirit had never been a problem in his army.
"Fuck, okay," Dean breathed and pulled out his fingers almost regretfully. Almost, because he knew what was going to happen next. Dean lowered himself back down, wrapping one arm around Cas and Cas instantly took advantage to wrap his arms around Dean. Dean felt warmth pulsate in his chest, spreading and it felt like a magnetic pull inside of him, that was eased up slightly when he was pressed chest to chest with Cas. Cas sighed deeply, happy, content.
"Demon and human?" Dean asked, receiving a nod. "I've heard of those, but never in any good context. It was pretty common on the old continent…"
"I feel the same," Dean told him, slightly breathless. "Let's rescue Sam and then we're going to fix it. I promise, Cas. I will fix everything." Castiel bit his lips but he allowed hope and adoration to fill his chest. "Okay?"
"I don't fault you for that. It's not a prince's duty to manage every minute detail of his kingdom. That's what you have advisors and councils for. Though I see now that the unreliable nature of the information you've received is concerning. We angels can cross great distance in a short amount of time if we have to. It's easy to forget that you do not have this luxury."
," Dean answered, winking back. Benny shook his head at them, but at least he now had a smile on his face.
"Rest for a moment, but not long, it's too dangerous," Castiel said as they had left the eerie village behind them. A dense forest was rising before him, the path dark and shrouded in fog. There were tingling noises coming from it, like little bells. Dean didn't even dare to ask about it. Dean took the time to drink some water and observe Castiel. Here in this realm it was clear as day that Castiel wasn't human. His eyes glowed blue as he turned his head around, listening to things Dean didn't hear, seeing a world that Dean didn't know existed. After a while, Castiel lifted his hand and a lantern materialized in his hand. It was big and looked heavy. Castiel lifted it to his face and blew into it. A green flame flickered to life.
"It's not, Dean. I made my choice. And I'd do it again," he told him earnestly, his gaze intense as if he longed for Dean to understand that he meant it. And damn it, Dean got it. He knew he meant it and it made him feel odd, almost embarrassed but also touched and pleased.
With so many gifts put in his lap, Dean could have become a haughty, self-loving person taking advantages of those who fell for his charms, but thanks to Castiel's careful, well-intentioned gifts and his parents' efforts at raising him right, he turned into a kind and sensitive young man.
"Poor Hatchiette," Dean said with a laugh and Cas refrained from telling him that a real egg would hardly be impacted by the current placement. "Can I see her?" Now that the surprise of Dean's visit was wearing off, Cas found it in himself to narrow his eyes at him.
"Cas is not dangerous, Charlie. Just because he's got the misfortune of being somehow wrapped up in this coven business, doesn't mean that he's a bad guy. He's never done anything to harm me!" Dean argued, almost relishing the fact that he could direct his anger into Cas' defense.
"Hello!" he greeted loudly and Cas wondered if he still had the time to dash to his office, but Luke came out of the living room. He still wore his work clothes, a ridiculously expensive white linen suit, though he had already discarded the tie.
merits, but the merits of ties back to the future human king on Elysian land," Naomi corrected, "there's a difference. Your marriage to Dean doesn't only look favorable, but it isn't an utter disgrace either."
"I'm not sleeping in your room then," Novak observed and put his laptop bag on the desk before he turned to study Dean. Dean felt his face heat up, but he kept his expression neutral.
"I'm hoping the peek was satisfactory," he answered, feeling himself relax easily. These people were Cas' family. People he cared about and that cared about him. He didn't have to be too nervous. Of course, he wanted to like them and be liked in return, but he didn't think this would be too big of a problem. "Is Jack at his father's?"
"You okay, Cas?" Sam asked when Dean had shot Cas a couple of worried glanced until he had to drive and could no longer look back.
I hope you have a wonderful birthday. I thought about getting you something that you could use on your journey to the big city, but then decided that I’d much rather see you enjoy your present.
"Right." The other Dean said after the silence had stretched on for far too long. "Then let's see that blood magic." He turned to look at Dean. "Do you have an altar by chance?"
“Hey Clarence,” he heard Meg say and he reached up to open the window. It provided no relief for the musty smell, as the cold air that streamed into his office wasn't particularly fresh either. Most people used the backyard to have a quick smoke.
"Come home soon," he typed after a long time and sent it before he could chicken out. He put the phone away and then he looked at the god, happily sipping his coffee. He looked weirdly at ease sitting in Dean's kitchen. And he definitely didn't look like someone who just basically saved Dean's world. Or Cas. Which… same thing. Dean wrapped his hands around his own cup, looking down into it. Maybe the lack of fanfare or glory was the lot of people like him. Every time Dean saved the world, the sun would still rise all the same and there was nobody to celebrate the world's unknown heroes. And Dean was alright with that. It was weird being on the other side, seeing
"Hello to you too," Dean said, the low rumble of his voice and chuckle a comfortable vibration against Castiel's cheek. With a groan, Cas righted himself. "I take it the interview…" he trailed off, searching Cas' eyes. "I don't know actually know how it went. I can't read your grumpy expression!"
He put his knee on the bed next to Cas' hips, moving his upper body with it so that he was hovering in Cas' space. He didn't leave time for hesitation, catching merely a glimpse of Cas' eyes before he fluidly moved in, pressing his lips against Castiel's. He instantly felt a flutter of something respond in his chest. The Grace seemed to spark and simmer in response to the touch and Cas sighed against his lips. Spurred on by how unexpectedly
"Sure. Can I get a coffee then, Cas?" Dean asked and Cas nodded at once, springing into action, even though he seemed slightly dazed.
"Hm, I guess about 10 years? I'm a man of many passions, so I don't stick to one thing for too long," Gabriel said. "Also don't like hanging out at the same place for too long."
"I will now take my leave," she said and turned to look at Dean. "Please complete your good-byes so we can be on our way." With that she turned around without giving John and Mary another glare.
“She was already dying when the Empty got her. I suppose that maybe she died and was absorbed into the Empty while I was unconscious,” Cas suggested, turning his attention back to the small screen. Dean still wore a frown, but it was gradually changing to something else.
"This is nonsense!" John bellowed, drawing the attention back to him. "Dean is the crown prince, he and his children have a claim to the throne of Winchester! We cannot let the threat to the rightful succession destabilize our country!"
"Hello, Dean," Cas said, his voice warm and the sound of relief carried over the line, making Dean feel like an even bigger asshole.
"Benny's my guard," Dean said to Anna, who was standing close to him. Anna followed his line of sight, to where Benny was standing by the carriage.
"In my universe Cas has I don't know how many siblings. Which one of them made the pie?" Dean wondered, but then he was momentarily distracted because he took a bite of the slice the god had put in front of him. "This is delicious," he said with his mouth full. Castiel shook his head at him, but he seemed fond. Cas didn't sit, instead he combed his fingers through his Dean's hair, messing it up slightly and then petting it back into shape. The god leant into the touch without any hesitation. Dean felt jealously sink its nasty claws into his heart. He swallowed it down with another bite of pie.
"Nothing, Cas," Dean promised him. "We take it as it goes. I want you to get back to your old self, before I messed you up. And we're gonna do this as long as it takes for the bond to… take. Stick… grow… whatever."
"No, I'm still an omega, Anna. Sending Luke packing didn't magically make me grow testicles," he said with a chuckle. Somehow this was very funny. "Luke's an assbutt but I got Jack out of it."
"My name's Gabriel, by the way. Sure you haven't forgotten all about that, right, little queen?" the witch asked. "Because it would be a damn embarrassment if you hadn't only lost my invitation after we had agreed to meet again ten years after our pact but also forgotten my name!" A low murmuring and some gasps went through the people in the room at that revelation. "And all those sigils and scribbles on the castle grounds? A new art project?" he asked with a teasing voice and looked towards Lady Harvelle. "Not very well done, right? Is their court witch on vacation?" Lady Harvelle frowned at him.
"Your universe must be cruel and dark if the weight of its continued existence rests on the delicate shoulders of a human," the god told him, not without compassion. "It's not an easy burden you've been given."
“Then I guess neither of us gets what we want,” he said. He didn’t care what kind of torture the Shadow had prepared for him, because there at least was triumph in making the Shadow share in his torment.
"How could it possibly be good that Sam's bleeding?" Dean asked with a huff. "You witches always with your body fluids."
And the months following that had been some of the worst months in Dean's life and he's had plenty of bad months to compare them to. Each morning Dean had to psyche himself up to open Cas' door, fearing the worst. But while Cas' depression had been profound, the dude was also exceptionally stubborn and adaptive. It hadn't been the first time Cas was forced to be human after all, but this time he seemed to believe it to be permanent.
“Thank you, Jack. That is very good advice. Please be affectionate with me,” Cas said firmly before Dean could say anything to Jack, then he turned the key in the ignition. Pop music came from the radio, drowning out Dean’s defeated “oh my god”. He slumped down in his seat, rubbing his face with his palms, but eventually he did extend one hand to drop it on Cas shoulder, giving it a light squeeze.
"You'll be fine," Dean promised but a part of Cas thought that Dean couldn't guarantee that, that Dean couldn't possibly know. Cas' life had revolved around Jack for so long and this was the start of the long process of untangling himself. At least it felt that way, like everything he was familiar with and that had helped him deal with the things he disliked about his life, was slipping away from him. "Cas," Dean whispered and Cas felt Dean brushing his nose over his hair, sniffing slightly. "I know you're miserable, but you've got to take this one step at a time. You're still his dad. You always will be."
"I understand," the god said and Dean stared at him, getting to see a big grin. Human looking or not, his teeth were still sharp. "I'd wager a guess that this is thanks to the magic of the crossing," he said and Dean lifted his eyebrows. The god's voice sounded slightly stilted and accented, but it was easier than to speak in Latin and make a dozen mistakes in every other sentence.
"So uh… What about me? What am I that you think I could help getting me back home?" Dean wondered and finished his circle, turning back towards Cas. Then he narrowed his eyes at Cas. "Do I even want to know…?"
Dean's best guess as to find the elusive cursed dildo was to check out various pawn and sex shops, so he hit those while the others followed their own leads. The archive notes from the Men of Letters came with a small description and a grainy photograph. Dean forwarded Cas a picture he had snapped of the page. It was a long shot, but maybe Cas would surprise him with his arcane knowledge of ancient, cursed sex toys.
Castiel looked the same as ever, but there were dark circles under his eyes, which did nothing to dull their intensity once Castiel raised them to study Dean. For just a moment Dean thought he saw a shadow move behind the angel, which had Dean tense at once, conscious of the angel-killing dagger hidden in his clothing. But it was just the light and shadows from the fire playing a trick. There were no hidden assassins coming for Dean's neck.
"After 20 years with Luke, I'm happy to have an adoring alpha in my life," Castiel told him, hoping to convey that things were really okay.
"You want to, just give it time," Charlie assured him, then she put a sword in his hand and slapped him on the ass. "And now go out there and slay some dragons, alright?"
"Oh, come on. We're all adults here with a sex life and most of us do have a mating bite," Mary said with a laugh. A small conversation started up about their experience with mating bites, which Cas listened to somewhat half-heartedly. He was focused on Dean, who was somewhat tense next to him. Cas didn't think it was because of the conversation topic. He was probably gearing himself up to something. Cas put a hand on Dean's thigh, smiling at him supportively when Dean sent him a look.  He smiled almost timidly, before he looked up.
He woke up to a couple of notifications on his phone, feeling somewhat uncomfortable after falling asleep on his couch, and while he had coffee to get his mind back online, he remembered the app. He opened it up and found that his inbox looked worse than his inbox at work on a Monday morning. He clicked through the messages, feeling a bit detached, despite the explicit images that were attached to some chats. Dean's dick stayed dormant and he nibbled on toast while he scrolled through them.
“I’m glad that you’re here before my father comes home,” Jack told him, waving him inside. “Hello, I’m Jack.”
"By angelic convention Jack is my own kid," he said, "though I understand what you mean. I can't say though, since I'm not sure how Jack will develop and what he'll need from me… Besides, there tend to be bigger age gaps between angelic siblings."
But he was stirred out of his imagination by sounds carrying through the corridor. Right! Sam and Dean must be awake. Jack got up and wandered towards the kitchen, not bothering to change out of his pyjamas yet. If no hunt was scheduled (and it seemed like there would not be for a while when it got to him) then Dean also wore his pyjamas around the Bunker after all. It would be fine.
“It’s fine, Jack,” he assured him. Jack breathed in deeply and then he turned his attention back to Dean who had started putting food on plates.
"What will we do know? About you and Sam?" Dean asked. "Both of you belong at court… Can't you just come home with me?" Castiel tensed, but he would accept whatever answer Sam had for him.
"I was mildly concerned," Castiel answered amicably, then he continued cleaning up the tables and refilling coffees until Dean was ready to order.
"In legend and stories it is called the splitting of the heart. He cleaved his own heart in two and half of it now beats in your chest," she explained and even though Dean was sure that in stories that sounded very romantic, he actually felt queasy about it. Naomi's eyes dropped to his chest where Dean had unconsciously started rubbing again. "But of course, that is mythic nonsense."
In the following weeks, Dean gave his parents the cold shoulder even though they tried to spend as much time in the company of their children as possible, more actually than they had in years. All meals had to be taken together and they tried to involve them all in activities whenever work and studies allowed for it. Dean stopped walking out on them because it just led to Benny receiving the order to drag Dean back. Those had made for highly awkward family meals.
"Hmm? Spooning in the morning?" Dean asked, his voice warm and rough from sleep. Cas didn't reply, so Dean slowly turned to wrap an arm around Cas, pulling him close. "You okay?"
"It's not within my power to travel in time or to create portals into other dimensions. I'm just a simple deity," he said. Dean cocked his eyebrow at that because a god that can't be killed by the usual means didn't sound like a simple deity to Dean. But he had other matters to attend to.
"I would never! I have never even seen alcohol in my life!" she joked, but then she buttoned up her jacket and wrapped the shawl tighter around herself. "Okay! Don't burn the house down while I'm away!" Dean rolled his eyes but gave her a thumbs up. "Bye Dean! Bye Ambriel!" Ambriel waved, then she went back into the house. Dean watched the coaches depart, Uriel and Duma following on horses. He saw them go down the path until they reached the manor gate and then still some way further until the road made a bend and they disappeared behind a hill.
"Cas," Dean said, his voice sounding almost awed. Cas smiled at him until Dean made space to let him inside. "Thank you for coming." Cas put down his bag and closed the distance between him and Dean, wrapping him up in a firm hug. Dean was very warm and he smelled nice. Dean returned the hug, pulling Cas close and kissing his head. "Thank you."
"Alright. Okay," he said, breathing in deeply. "When we got to that cabin we found a doll. Super creepy thing when you thought about it, but we were drunk and in a good mood. So Tom said… He started fooling around, you know? We hadn't gotten laid in a while, what with us being on this men's only backpacking trip. No time for ladies, you know, when there's nature call." Dean rolled his eyes. "So he starts fooling around, pretending she's real."
"You look younger than I assumed," Jack blurted out when Millie was back, which made Cas frown lightly at his son's lack of tact. But Millie merely laughed at him.
"So… Milton, is that your last name?" Charlie wondered and now it was up to Dean to subtly reach out and pinch her side.
"Your previous business partner was my mother. She passed last year. I'm sorry but you'll have to do your business transactions with me now," he spat and Dean looked at him in surprise. Castiel tried to remember when his mother had gone out to make deals even when her health had mostly confined her to her bed. She had always insisted on doing the deals with wanderers, claiming that they could not steal what had already been stolen from her. He was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn't at once realize how Dean's expression changed from aloof to sorrowful.
"I can happily cut out the broccoli, I don't need them on my plate," Dean joked but Cas just said his name in that warning way of his and Dean's fake smile slipped.
Since the angels were now swarming Cas, Hannah right at the front, to get a look at the baby, Dean decided this was a good moment to slip away and go back inside. He hurt all over from being on horseback for days and he was really looking forward to a relaxing bath to wash off the tension and the dirt.
"I am, but I'm not an omega," Dean said, perplexed. Meg looked Dean up and down, a grin on her lips.
hanging over his head, in case you forgot that," Dean argued sharply and Sam closed his eyes, sighing. Dean ineffectively stabbed his cereal with a spoon, causing milk to slosh over the rim of his bowl. "This year alone he was possessed by the devil, got himself saddled with we don't know what because he made dumb choices-"
"How dare you! This blatant disrespect is unseemly, even for your lot!" he shouted in the direction of Dean's mother. John lifted his arm, making sure that Mary stayed behind him. The other angel shouted some more, but it was in their own language. Dean looked at Castiel instead, who remained calm but after one particular outburst, his mouth twitched. He caught himself quickly though but a look to the angels guarding the door confirmed that whatever the dude must have been shouting was probably amusing. Dean guessed that it was also highly inappropriate.
"Oh… Uh… No… I'm still working at Sandover and it doesn't look like they're opening a branch here anytime soon," Dean explained and Cas could tell that the question made him uneasy. Millie sighed dramatically.
"Wow, likewise," Dean muttered, letting go of his suitcase. Cas didn't hesitate to walk around the bed, right into Dean's personal space to wrap his arms around him. Dean instinctively did the same, pulling Cas close and scenting him. "Damn." He felt the tip of Cas' nose brush his neck too, hearing the soft but deep inhale that had Cas relax in his arms. Eventually he let go and Cas grinned up at him. Dean was pretty sure he must have looked like a fool; he was smiling so much his cheeks hurt.
"No! Cas did everything right!" Dean argued, but Castiel put his hand on Dean's thigh, his expression composed.
"Oh, good we don't need any introductions then! But I didn't expect less from a witch." Castiel didn't ever grace him with a smile.
"You know?" Jo asked in disbelief and she tossed the towel down on the counter. "Then how come you're not mated already?"
"Is something wrong?" Castiel asked apprehensively, when Dean checked his phone again, unsettling Cas who was resting his head on Dean's shoulder.
"Come on, it's a stranger asking after Cas. Cas is my family, of course I'm going to be suspicious!" Sam grumbled. Jess huffed at him.
"Talking to the child obviously! She's got ears at this stage of development, doesn't she?" He put the egg on the counter, softly enough not to make Cas flinch. "But if she fell and cracked she wouldn't make it."
"Jack's on board," he announced and just like that their plans were made. Dean couldn't quite believe that Cas really wanted to meet his parents, less than two months after they got together. But Dean was happy and couldn't wait.
But it was also a challenge, because Dean was a foreign element in a life that continued to flow in its regular, subdued way around him. Cas still had to go to work and that meant leaving himself vulnerable to Dean's investigation. Dean had commandeered the desk in the guest room as his research station and it seemed like he was still doing something related to hunting, but he never brought up the storm again or how he was progressing on that front. Cas wasn't sure what Dean did all day long and when he asked Dean only told him he was vacationing. They didn't talk about how a vacation implied that it would come to an end and Dean didn't seem like he was interested in leaving anytime soon. He was happy and content when Cas was around and never complaining about having nothing to do. He took to wandering Cas' house, mostly because he had decided to act as a househusband as long as they were living together.
"You heard me baby. We're gonna have fun," moustache said with a leer, his eyes travelling Cas up and down. He was leaning in close, inhaling loudly. "You smell like heaven, like you're already all slick for me."
"Visitor for you," he said seriously and then he opened the door wider to let Anna in. Dean tensed at seeing her, especially with the kind of face she made. It was like back in Winchester. Dean got up from his chair, wanting to face her properly.
"Yes… I knew that all precautions aside, I eventually had to take a risk," he said. "If Lucifer is indeed involved in this, then the best we can hope for is for him to continue to move delicately…"
Dean was almost at Gabriel's gaudy bakery, when he was pulled out of his daydreams by his phone ringing. He pulled it out of his pocket, checking the caller ID. Sam.
"Turns out Cas shares Dean's fear of flying!" Sam announced. Mary's eyes widened and she looked from Dean to Cas.
"We have to bring about the consequences right now, while I am here to direct them," the god told him. Dean didn't like the look on Castiel's face upon hearing the god's words. Grim determination was not what Dean wanted to see.
"That means… we could be kissing again?" he asked seriously. Dean laughed and answered it by leaning down, capturing Cas' lips in his own. Castiel melted at that, his hands coming up to gently brush against Dean's cheeks, finger tips caressing his jaw and chin. Dean decided to deepen the kiss, sucking at Cas lips until he opened them up for Dean's tongue to swipe over Cas'. "Thank God," Cas whispered into Dean's mouth, then he wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him on top of him, Dean finding his place again between Cas' legs.
"So you've met before?" Dean asked and a bit of a hush settled on the room, almost as if they had forgotten about Dean. But he smiled at the lady encouragingly and she seemed to overcome her hesitation.
And Cas was there, his hair ruffled and his expression elated. He stood on the other side of Dean's table, smiling at him. Dean couldn't quite conceal his surprise, nor his relief.
The journey across Michael's Toes continued on. They found further towns, more watch towers, some ancient enough that there were only ruins left over to be worn away by time. They saw nothing of angels, only birds and bad weather, that made Dean want to get off the mountain even more. The calls of birds seemed to follow them wherever they went, eerie in the dense fog, as if they had stepped in as sentries of the Toes after the angels had disappeared.
"Damn, this is an inferno, I've never seen a whole city on fire!" Dean shouted over the roar of the fire and people's cries. Castiel paid him no attention, since his gaze was drawn upwards. Hundreds of crows were sitting on the roofs of the houses that hadn't yet caught on fire. They were silent, watching, unhelpful. Castiel's eyes met the one with golden eyes, starting right back at him. Gabriel was here, watching.
"It's not that way anymore… Of course, there might be issues, but since you're not a human woman, it would not end in the same tragedy that befell Kelly and Jack…" Dean made a face at that. Thank god he wasn’t. Castiel heaved a small sigh. "That Jack made it shows that he has a survival instinct. He found someone who would take care of his needs after his mother died, but it seems like he was only provided the bare necessities by the people at Lucifer's court. He wants communion, like any fledgling does, but he's more intense and demanding about it than I had expected. Maybe that's the human part of him."
"I guess it makes sense that Cas had to give that as his reason, because Lucifer, if he is indeed interested in harming us, will want to find a legitimate reason to do it directly," Dean mused. "How likely do you think it is that he will sabotage Uriel…?"
"It's not actually a case where you can punch people," Mary said and Dean groaned. "I've found one of the storages the Brits used for items they stole from the Bunker."
"No Sam, he licked the storage dust off my lips," Dean told him flatly. "Of course we were kissing." Sam made a face and shrugged.
It was into this empty and silent manor that Gabriel barged in with the post. Dean was in a parlor with Cas, enjoying some coffee and pie and certainly not being a tiny bit mopey. It was so quiet and Dean felt the isolation even keener when nobody else was around. When he found Cas in here, he had decided to join him even though they didn't have anything particular to talk about.
“Not quite… I’m in the Empty,” Cas told him with a small smile on his lip. He still didn’t know if any of this was really happening and this wasn’t just some dream he was experiencing at the Empty’s behest. But he couldn’t care, not right now. Whatever had happened, clearly Dean was alive.
Hunger and thirst, that had been unsettling, bodily functions had been odd but expected. But… the weird clammy feeling of the overheated room, how the warmth of other bodies in the crowded entrance hall seemed to be pressing in on him, made Castiel squirm uneasily in the chair. And the smells…!
"Of course! It's in the mess tent. Should I accompany you?" he asked but Dean was quick to shake his head.
"We thought it wise to take this opportunity to ask you about your progress and plans," Naomi started, her voice pleasant but neutral. Before Cas could however rattle off the report he had prepared, Raphael spoke up.
There was a loud knock on the door but before Dean could even decide if he wanted to tell whoever it was to fuck off, it opened wide, Gabriel strolling inside.
"Why do you need medical help?" Dean asked, eager to get his own questions out of the way before Castiel started on whatever boring "duties of married life" speech he got planned for Dean. Castiel looked at him, a slight crease between his eyebrows that made Dean wonder if he was going to deny answering.
"Uncle Gabe and father say that it doesn't matter for alphas!" Jack argued. "We're very good with alcohol." He seemed to think about that, then he lifted his head, a determined expression on his face. "Actually, I think I should be allowed to drink beer now."
"Cas, I don't want to give back half of your heart that you gave me. I want to keep it. And I want to face whatever comes next together," he said, watching how Castiel's eyes gradually widened. "Castiel, will you marry me?" Castiel didn't reply, merely staring down at Dean while he seemed to process.
"Oh, there was a time when it was actually a great sacrifice for humans to give up their first born. Humans are so barbaric nowadays, so careless. Giving up a child for a bit of magical corn-salad. Your father could have offered his life instead. Not that I would have taken it, a little baby usually fetches a better price," Rowena mused. Castiel decided to ignore her words and focus their conversation on what he had asked her to come for.
"Hey… Why can't you do black magic? Can't you or won't you?" Castiel tensed at the question which Dean answered by hugging Cas firmer until he relaxed again.
"That's good," Naomi declared after a moment. "We don't need to further complicate the situation between you two. Now drink your tea." Dean and Cas did so obediently, having tea with Naomi in uncomfortable (for Dean) silence.
"Your interference was rather unfortunate and it is clearly against the code to sabotage one of our witches" he said, "but Cas is a novice, so we consider this a minor transgression." Raphael sent Castiel a sardonic smile.
Dean and Castiel were aware that Dean's imprisonment would soon have to come to an end. There was no more cause to hold Dean in Milton Manor as leverage to win Winchester's compliance or to symbolically assure Michael that the humans had paid their dues for their invasion. If Dean would be able to leave, then their marriage too would have to come to an end.
"What," Dean asked flatly, bracing himself for whatever Gabriel was going to blurt out now. Gabriel shrugged.
"Well, you are a human crown prince who brought a war to my doorstep. I think that warrants a 'bit of fuss'," he said, raising his hands to do finger quotes. Dean rolled his eyes. "Once everyone officially has the information about us, they will most likely come to ask questions and investigate if the decision I made aligns with their own judgement of the situation."
"Fucking angels," Dean grumbled. There was a decoratively placed armchair in an alcove further down the corridor that Dean perused. He might as well give Cas some time to make himself presentable.
"I can see that," she said sounding almost incredulous, but after she had set down the plate, Dean caught the grateful look Hannah sent him. "I will have the kitchen send a pie over to your quarters."
“Sorry,” Jack whispered but after a while Castiel slowly retreated, finally also removing his fingers from Jack’s chest. Jack felt a bit dazed and almost cold with the loss of contact. When he looked back up at Cas, he had put his coat back on.
"Yeah, because you guys always got on my nerves about it," Dean said, rolling his eyes, but he was smiling now. John came back into the living room, stepping over Sam's outstretched legs to pour more wine into everyone's glasses.
To some extend Castiel understood that it was sad and pitiful that his entire life could be put into two suitcases. He knew now that this state's omega laws were a mixed bag of impulses towards betterment and disappointing, old fashioned prejudices. He understood that he was to leave behind his old life and rebuild it around his alpha. As the omega he was required to fold himself into whatever space his alpha was willing to provide for him. And he didn't know Dean. Accordingly, he didn't know what to expect for his future.
"Yeah… okay. Yes. To be honest, I'm not sure, Cas. The idea of quitting scares the crap out of me. I've been at Sandover for so long and I've enjoyed the challenge. It's just recently that I've been feeling… off about it. And I don't know if that means I have to quit my job. And I'm not sure I'll find something that pays as well…"
"Sorry about being a no show the last two days. I had a lot to think about," Dean said when he took a seat, Cas did the same and studied Dean, his expression guarded, but at least he wasn't angry.
"Uh-huh," Jack muttered, slurping on his milkshake while Claire's stood next to her, mostly forgotten.
birthday he will fully come into his powers. And he can destroy you." Gabriel's curse spread through the room like a cold wind, making people gasp and shiver, horror written onto their faces, scared already of someone so innocent and helpless. Gabriel observed the turning of people's hearts with grim satisfaction. Mary and John were noticing it too, Mary looking from friends to allies, finding all of them looking either hard or averting their eyes. Gabriel smiled at her.
"As you are aware, High King Michael has sent High Council Member Anael to us to start up a friendly relationship between our countries. He is doing this mostly for our benefit, to create an alliance as a safeguard against Lucifer's future rule. In 40 years or so it will be Lucifer's turn to rule as High King and if we don't want the sympathies to turn, then we need to use these years wisely. We must strengthen the Aquarian Union, to make sure the humans are a united front against adversaries on Elysium. But we also have to make sure to get as many angels on our side as possible. That way, Lucifer's chance of getting rid of us diminishes," he explained.
And he had heard a lot of unlikely things over the years. There were enough rumors that people were happy to share with him after some prompting. Some said that Sam had been killed by his parents which was just impossible for Dean to even consider. Others said he had been locked into the dungeons of the castle up north, turning into a malicious beast, howling out his thirst for blood and revenge just for his curses to get lost in the vicious winter storms. But Dean had visited the fort and had investigated under some pretense of wanting to inspect the amenities. Since nobody ever knew how to deny Dean his wishes, that had been easy to do. There were no beasts, there were actually no prisoners at all, because they had long been transferred to a more humane prison.
"No. I'm at your mercy here," Dean told him. "So what will your answer be?" A radiant smile formed on Cas' face and love bloomed across their bond.
"What can you tell me about sex?" Dean almost dropped his phone at that, feeling his heart pretty much summersault in his chest.
"I must do what is right for the kingdom. I'm a queen now," she announced with a firm voice. Then she turned and departed with no further words, and if her heart was heavy to lose her child, she hid it well.
"If I don't then Cas will most likely die," he said, receiving a gasp from Charlie. He wasn't sure if their conversation needed accompanying sound effects but that was probably what was gonna happen with Charlie there.
"Can't a man be tired?" Dean complained half-heartedly. Sam chuckled. "I'm really fine, Sam. Just got a lot on my mind."
"Great. The kingdom couldn't have spared a better-quality cart for banishments?" he complained, half-joking. That got Castiel to raise his eyebrow at him. "What are we going to do? There's no way anyone will come out to fix it in this weather." Castiel lifted his hand and then the cart put itself together again before Dean's eyes. The escaped wheel slowly rolled back and then jumped into place with a clack. Castiel kept eye contact with Dean as he climbed onto the fixed cart and Dean was sure there was a hint of a smug smirk on his lips.
"I know, Castiel. There weren't many dragons in Pontiac so I am aware of the Winchesters," she answered with a sniff. Cas hoped that she would elaborate because clearly she had some thoughts about the family but the silence drew on for too long. "Well. Humor him then." That took Cas by utter surprise.
"Oh, I was just hanging around, enjoying the ladies when I heard some rumors," he said good naturedly, rolling the candy around in his mouth. "Since I love gossip as much as the next guy I had to investigate." Dean glared at him, somewhat unsettled. He had no idea in which direction this conversation was going. Cas was merely wearing his usual frown. At least he had set aside his reading.
"You know, if you make foreign dignitaries wait, you could at least offer them something to drink," he said loudly, catching the attention of at least some guards. They looked at each other, then finally he watched their eyes land on Castiel. Dean knew him well enough to see when he was sighing internally, but he did turn to the guards. He told them something in Enochian and one of them marched off after a beat.
"Oh, good," Dean said and took that as an invitation to snoop around. He crossed the cottage and was through the door to the staircase before the witch could even open his mouth. The spiral staircase wound up the tower and then opened up into a bigger room, made with arched wooden walls. The space looked rather homey. There were armchairs by a window, a table in the middle with two chairs. A small kitchen area and shelves with books. One door led to a small bathroom and one under a staircase took him into an unlit bedroom with much clutter in it. He next went up the stairs, just when Castiel was coming out into the room, his face pinched. Upstairs he found an attic space, more sparsely decorated, but still comfortable looking. He came back down.
"Uh. Well. It took us a while to get used to each other but we've been getting along really well in the last couple of months," Dean explained, though he wasn't surprised that the dubious look on his parents' faces didn't change. "Come on guys, what do you want to hear from me? It's all good. Let's focus on what we've learnt here." His parents reluctantly agreed and they all sat down at the table.
"Very well Benny Lafitte. Don't try to flee or enable Dean's escape," he warned and Benny looked at him grimly, but he had no other choice but to nod. "I'd suggest you call for the King and Queen. I will accept their surrender." With that he turned his head towards Uriel. "Bring in the Riet-Zien. Tell them to treat everybody who can be treated." Uriel opened his mouth in protest. "Everybody, Uriel," he pressed and Uriel rolled his eyes.
Dean let go of him again after a while, quickly kissing him hello, before he took a small step back, still keeping his hand on Cas' shoulder. He wore a big, cheerful smile.
"Indeed, he isn't," she said, but she still looked stubborn and tight-lipped. Dean suppressed a groan.
"Well…," Dean said, drawing out the word, but if he was going to say more, then Nora coming into the store cut him short.
"Any man after Luke was going to be exciting! And he showed us some of the Florida photos! You make such a cute couple!" she said excitedly. Dean grinned at her, appreciatingly.
"No, I've got no interest in a first-born. Too much of a hassle," he said. "The price I will ask you to pay isn't what I would usually charge for this kind of magic. And make no mistake, the price for reviving the dead, especially if the supplicant is a royal, is steep. A life for a life. Or… a soul." Mary took a step backwards, frightened but never changing her expression. The witch winked at her. "But that's boring. No. I will not take from you, but instead I will make things… well… let's say interesting." Mary stared at him, but the witch snapped his fingers and John sat up with a gasp. Mary tore her eyes off the witch, jumping to John to embrace him.
This house gave nothing away, scrubbed clean of any aura, the walls having no voice to whisper the owner's thoughts or emotion, jealously guarding all its secrets. It unsettled Cas to be so blind to the thoughts and emotions of the other members of the coven whenever they had a gathering like this. He knew that the coven was linked, allowing them to communicate with each other, but Castiel was shut out since he was not officially initiated yet.
"You were pretty mulish at first," Castiel told him absent mindedly which Dean rewarded with a scoff. "Also, you invaded our country and were responsible for the death of angels. That was cause for caution enough." Dean frowned, but Cas was right. He hadn't really thought about the death toll on the angel's side and was quite ashamed that it never even crossed his mind.
"You do know you don't have to stay at Sandover if you don't feel like it. I'm sure there are plenty of other job opportunities for someone with your portfolio," Cas suggested, correctly reading Dean's somewhat unsure expression. "But we're not making concrete plans here, we're just considering our options."
“I’m worried about my ability to have children,” Cas answered promptly and Mia lifted her eyebrows. “I have a son, he’ll be 19 in May. But I had complications during his birth and when I tried to have a second child, it didn’t work. My ex-husband and I eventually stopped trying,” Cas explained. Mia nodded along.
"Maybe, but I enjoy it. The bond I have with you is wonderful," Castiel admitted. "Jack mostly just sends me flashes of images to let me know what he wants. Mostly it's milk or being held."
"If you continue fighting like that then my power is going to diminish and you'll be stuck with that cosmic target on whatever it is that counts as your soul," god Dean calmly interjected, bringing down an almost shocked silence into the dungeon. Dean glanced at Castiel, finding the angel looking up at him with a contrite expression.
For two days, Dean didn't show up to their shared breakfast, instead taking his food in his own room, together with Charlie. Not only did he have to think, but he was also still annoyed with Cas. Cas had kicked him out after all, so there was no guarantee that Cas would even show up and Dean wasn't going to give Cas the satisfaction of standing him up.
"No, you don’t, Dad. You buy nice things for Father and for me, and basically everyone, but whenever you want to get something nice for yourself you put it back. Like the flowers earlier? You wanted them but you didn't buy them!" Jack argued.
"Well, good thing is, also for Jess over there, that we omegas don't have to worry about increasing risks as we age, at least not yet. You've still got time, both of you, to have a couple of babies."
Castiel studied the pile and then carefully hung all of them up on the various hooks around the cabin. Most of them were atrocious, something he wouldn't even have worn back in the 90s when there was a strong omega rights wave and Cas had tried to be a bit more daring. (That's how he met Luke but the daring didn't last past their wedding.) There were some that looked more normal.
"Yeah…," Cas answered. It was somewhat surreal to be talking to Cas about a house, a house they'd own together, where they'd live together. No more long drives and missing him each day. God, Dean couldn't wait!
Mushy was definitely not how Dean would describe the Castiel he got to know, but he hardly had the brain space to think about that, because now thoughts of the wedding night circled in his head.
"Yeah, I can relate," Dean said, thinking back to all the one-night stands he regretted. Though he hadn't really had the misfortune of ending up in bed with a psychotic British douche bag. Though there had been close calls. Bad judgement probably ran in the family.
"Dean… The witch that the hunter killed? It was Anna. Anna Novak was the witch." Dean sucked in a breath.
"Then we will have to wait and see," he decided, then he eyed the sword he had discarded. "And be vigilant." Dean sighed.
"No shit," Dean said and studied Cas. "So what now? Can't you just… I don't know. Send me back? At least get people to shut up about going to war to release me?" The moment he said it he found himself at the receiving end of Castiel's frown.
"Must be rough…," he said, unsure what else to share, then he held out his hand and Castiel's expression softened. He grabbed Dean's hand and gave it a squeeze. "I'm sure it'd be easier if you hadn't met us."
"That's pathetic and drawing it all out!" he objected to which Gabriel merely shrugged exaggeratedly.
"Good morning, Sir!" the inn keeper greeted with a levity Dean couldn't have imagined her expressing on the night before.
"So… Harper," Cas started somewhat awkwardly when Jack was back with two coffees and a muffin to share. He handed Cas the coffee. Cas took it gratefully, only noticing now that he had already drained his previous one. "Is Harper a boy or a girl?"
He had observed Sam's development over the years but the powers he manifested weren't particularly evil. They just were. He had premonitions at times, that were as unreliable as reading flower petals (a more recent hobby, since he had become adept enough at reading crows that they had taken to making fun of him). He could also move things with his mind, which had proven to be a challenge to Castiel's parenting.
"Do I…? Don't you feel my dick against yours? Sure, I want it," Dean chuckled. Cas was still frowning so Dean grinded against him which got him a gasp in return. "I'd love to fuck you, if you want it," he added. "It's what the bond wants, isn't it? It's also what I want right now."
"Yes." Cas felt the words slip past his lips before he could even think about them let alone decide if he wanted to share that information.
"Oh," he said after all, realization drawing. "You don't have to mother me either. I'm a grown man." Castiel heaved a sigh.
"You have to get dressed and look presentable. There's no way we will let you face those angelic bastards in your underwear," John admonished when Dean opened his mouth to argue. So he stood still, letting the valet dress him up like a doll. It wasn't his army uniform, but one of his best sets of clothing for important functions. For some reason that embarrassed him. He had come to this battle field as the leader of the armies and now he wasn't even allowed to face the angels like that. Instead, he was just a prince. He was glad that nobody seemed to have bothered bringing his crown to the battlefield. That would have been even more humiliating to feel like he was mere decoration.
"We've set up a tent for you and your people to wait in. Castiel suggested that you are… delicate," she said without offering a name. When Dean didn't reply at once, she sort of aggressively shoved her arm to the side, pointing, while still keeping eye contact with him. "There will be tea and a fire." When Dean opened his mouth, she quickly interrupted him: "Surely you would not let your loyal servants shiver simply because you're stubborn?" she suggested. Dean glared at her, but he did relent, when he saw Charlie's head pop out of the tent, her cheeks and nose red with cold.
Cas could have asked someone to let him make a phone call, but now that he was so close, he might as well walk the rest instead of inconveniencing his friends. The ground next to the road wasn’t particularly pleasant to walk on, especially once he took the little street forking off towards the Bunker. But it was alright. He was so close.
"That would achieve nothing but set off the fire alarm. Fire can't hurt you," Cas huffed in annoyance. Dean rolled his eyes.
"He's courting you," Jo observed disinterestedly. Jo was studying in the capital and was back to visit her mother and help around the inn. Castiel knew she was angry somehow, but he couldn't quite pinpoint why. "And you're too dense to even notice."
"I am experiencing discomfort because you refused intercourse," he said bluntly and Dean was glad he wasn't drinking coffee right now, because he would probably have choked on it. And what the fuck did that even mean? Sure, sex was nice when it was done between consenting adults but come on! Even though in younger years Dean felt he was suffering unfairly because he was forbidden from going where his dick led him, nobody ever died from blue balls! But then again, Castiel not being human was his problem and Dean and Charlie didn't come across a children's book on angel anatomy when they were in the library. For all Dean knew Cas' dick might be falling off because it didn't get any action. Angels were fucking weird after all.
"Guards! Apprehend him!" he called. The guards, even though they were in over their heads, followed their king's command loyally. They rushed at Gabriel, swords and spears lifted, but it only took one careless flick of Gabriel's wrist to send them all crashing into walls and other people.
“Yes, you’re right, buddy,” Dean said and checked the monitor, tracking where the phone call was coming from. Smith Center. Locals were pretty rare.
After most of the patrons had cleared out, the bell chimed and Castiel felt a tingle go up his spine. He poked his head out of the kitchen and sure enough there was Dean, his face tinged pink by the cold and an easy smile on his face.
"Ah, apologies," the god said and let go of him, stepping away from the fireplace. This gave Dean a chance to look around. The hall they were in had a stone floor but the high walls and the ceiling were made of wood. The ceiling was painted a dark blue with stars and constellations painted. Below them a grid of wooden beams connected the walls in either straight lines or decorative arches. The wood was carefully carved and painted and a cat sat on one of them, sending him an unimpressed look.
"An alpha. And you trust him?" Castiel nodded, puzzled by her distaste. "Don't you think he's just using you? An omega down on his luck is pretty easy prey for an alpha. Even if you're friends."
Relief flooded Cas, but it was relatively short-lived. He still had no explanation to why he had been brought back and why he was brought back like this. Besides, he had died right when things were coming to a head with Chuck and just because they removed the threat Billie posed, didn’t mean they were safe. As long as Chuck was there, Sam and Dean would never be free.
"There," he heard a stranger say. Cas still stared at Dean, who was now averting his gaze and withdrawing to the corner of the kitchen. Their mugs from breakfast were still standing there on the table that stood between him and Dean, a left over from a life that was now slipping fast out of his grasp. A tall man, with long hair stepped into his line of sight, concealing Dean with how he had placed himself.
"Nice to meet you, Dean," he said, then he turned towards the blonde woman at his side. "This is Amelia, my beautiful wife." Amelia rolled her eyes at him, but she also stepped up to shake Dean's hand.
"It was in use until recently. We don't want to open the windows to flush out the smell too early because it could attract people," Cara explained, but she kept herself out of the room, casually leaning against the doorframe. Castiel knew that she wasn't able to smell just how bad it was in here.
“Good luck, Castiel,” Mia said, her voice warm, then they said their good-byes. And now Cas was full of nervous energy. He wished Dean was here to tell him the good news. Should he call him? No, no that would be silly. Dean would be back tomorrow, he should be able to wait that long. So instead he texted Jimmy:
"I was worried about Sam," he told her softly, before she had to formulate a question. She frowned and then her eyes landed on Dean. "That is Dean. He's Sam's brother."
"Come on, let's go to bed, so you can look at the real deal," he eventually said and pulled Cas along.
"Then I'd say you quit next week," he said, taking Cas by surprise. "I'll make up for the loss in income if you can't find a job you like by the time your notice period is up." Castiel opened his mouth, to argue or to sing Dean's praise, he wasn't yet sure, but Dean added: "If you'll allow it, of course…"
Sam was trying to be helpful, but all his attempts of encouraging Dean invariably involved saying something about Cas that rubbed Dean the wrong way. Because Sam didn't know Cas! Sure, the guy had broken Dean's heart, but he had been sweet and gentle and he had given Dean the feeling of being important and cherished. And Dean missed it. He missed it so much that he didn't even care anymore that Sam or Charlie walked in on him having a cry fest over a cup of coffee or a whole pie.
"Okay. Then I'll just have to find something to do," he said, then he put his hands on Cas' waist, pulling him closer. "Alright? It's all good." Cas hummed to that and put his hands around Dean's neck, breathing in deeply. They stayed like that for a while, but then Cas sighed and pulled back. He checked his watch.
"I admit, I didn't see that one coming. Thought you wanted to stake some claim on me." Cas shook his head, even though he didn't know how penetration would mean staking a claim on someone. "But I still don't want to do it. I don't want to have sex with you." Dean told him firmly. Castiel felt frustration build inside of him.
"Well, that's not a good sign," Dean muttered and clicked the article open. There was a grainy photograph of Cas' mom, holding a kid in her lap.
"Ah, you must have been on heavy duty blockers… Man, those suck. I was on them shortly. Totally fucked me up. Couldn't smell a damn thing for an entire cycle," Miriam moaned, her expression sympathetic.
"Relax, Dean… You wanted this and it's just a two-hour flight. It's gonna be fine," he said. Sam was totally relaxed, wearing comfortable clothing, looking dashing with his carry-on strapped over his chest. The fucker. "And remember, once we land Mom will be waiting for us."
"No," he answered slowly. "The burn on my shoulder is still tender though." This was the first time Castiel lowered his eyes.
He observed him further, magic brushing across the uneven patches of him, slipping into the well-hidden cracks, softly pushing deeper to get a read below the surface. Self-doubt, didn't want to be alone, fear, loneliness, a bit of a drinking problem and there was so much more there, deeper inside, buried, a glimmer that called to Castiel to be found, exposed, taken advantage of. Castiel pulled back quickly, mentally chastised himself for trying to spot all the little cracks into which he could stick his finger and pull in order to worm himself in. That was the bad thing about being born a witch.
strong. With just the little bit of magic that you got in the womb from your mother eating my magic Rapunzel, you survived in the wild forest. For years. And under my impetus curse your powers found a proper outlet. You slaughtered thousands of people on all kinds of human battlefields. Under my guidance you influenced the course of human history more than a puny little king or queen of Winchester could in an entire lifetime."
"Let's give Cassie some more time to mother Jack," Luke said, waving his hand dismissively. "Why not make some small talk? I certainly want to know just who the new alpha hanging out around my son is."
“But they still wanted me to go away… It’s hard to understand… And I knew that what happened was… not quite right, even though I fixed it. Because I couldn’t tell Sam and Dean and ask for advice. Especially when they told me they didn’t want me to use my power. They didn’t tell me before they left on the hunt. I didn’t know when I met Stacy, Max and Eliot to hang out. But I don’t think it would matter to them. They would probably look at me differently if I told them. Like I’m… dangerous or a monster.” Jack looked up at Cas, upset now. “I just want to do the right thing. I want to do what Sam and Dean would do, because they’re the best humans I know, surely they know what is right and wrong. That’s what I was thinking too when I sent Felix to Heaven. He was sad and not with his friend. I wanted to be kind.” Castiel walked over from where he was standing to wrap Jack in a tight hug.
"Stay the weapons," Castiel said to his army as he passed and Uriel repeated it loudly to be heard over the sounds of battle. The people immediately around the crown prince had stopped fighting once they had seen their general fall and there was no resistance when Cas and Uriel reached the man. Castiel was relieved to see that he was still hanging on to life and knelt down to assess the damage. It was grave. Castiel grabbed the spear that was stuck in Dean's chest and pulled it out, earning a breathless moan by the human.
"Careful. The ghosts are watching," Castiel said into the eerie silence as they passed through the houses. Dean could see movement in the corners of his eyes. He pulled up his hood and kept his eyes down.
"Hm, debatable. Back in the early 2000s I had my phone strapped to my belt, you know, all sexy and powerful, always ready to work."
"I'm interested in humans and lately there hasn't been a whole lot of contact between us. There's that one border town, but I'm not too sure about that experiment. But this here?" Anael looked Dean up and down, a smile on her red lips. She quirked her eyebrow and sent him a grin. "Looks promising." Dean wasn't sure what to say in response, but luckily Charlie had her head in the game.
“Oh no… He’s 2,” Castiel said. Jack was glad the truth was out. He really hated lying. Though the shocked faces of the teens were somewhat unnerving. Cas laughed softly.
"You don't have any home to go to? No job?" Cara wondered as Castiel worked. "You're good looking and you're unmated are you? That makes it harder for you out there. Alphas will come sniffing around you and I'm sure they'll make offers." Castiel didn't like that idea, especially not if he thought back to the alpha at the men's shelter. How repulsive his scent had been, how unsettling.
"Is punishment not necessary?" Anna wondered into the silence between them. "Do humans not have laws too?"
"No… Dean, it wasn't a lie," Castiel answered quietly. "Because I'm good at what I do." Dean shook his head, not understanding. "The magic I crafted builds on potential… It builds gently, carefully. You were interested in me… And my magic built on that. It made you open up to the idea of acting on your attraction and then developed from there."
"What I mean to say is that every angel is different in this aspect and you did get damn lucky that you were at Cas' mercy," he told him.
Dean wasn't exactly a morning person and he was surprised to realize that Castiel wasn't either. Despite Dean's grumpiness at the early hour (it wasn't even light outside yet when Donna came to fetch him!) he still found that fact immensely amusing. They were sitting in one of the common rooms, which was a cozy place with tall windows that would show out into the gardens but it was still pitch-black outside. In front of the windows stood a small table with armchairs. A side table was filled with all kinds of breakfast food that they could serve themselves from. Even though neither of them talked and Castiel's eyes were at half-mast and his tea drinking was so slow that Dean feared that he would fall asleep in between sips, they managed to get through it.
"The people of our coven are strategically filling positions all over town. This seems like mere coincidence to me," Castiel replied to which Raphael narrowed his eyes. He stepped closer and Castiel felt electricity build up in the air. It crackled menacingly, raising the hair on his arms. With a snap of light, the bulbs overhead burst, raining a sharp shower down on Castiel. He didn't move. Neither did Raphael, but the disgust on his face became more pronounced the longer Castiel let him wait for a reaction. Raphael lifted his hand and balled it to a fist.
"Thank you," Castiel answered swiftly, getting off his horse. He took the basket with Jack off and handed the reins to the woman. "I'm Castiel and this is Dean Winchester."
The world fell away again, the rush of light swiftly turning into darkness almost making him nauseous. He opened his eyes a slit, seeing the Empty before him, but then the Shadow waved and the ground beneath Cas crumbled.
Seeing Cas on a weekday, kissing him good-bye before work, had been a lovely taste of what was soon to come and it made Dean miss Cas more when he got back home in the evening without having the chance to kiss him hello. But it was Thursday already, the weekend just around the bend. Dean was relaxing on his couch after work with his tablet, idly scrolling through the news, when his phone rang. He put down his tablet.
"Great, that's exactly what we need now. Starry-eyed explorers in a soldier's uniform," Dean said with a snort, but he didn't try to keep his amusement out of his voice.
"May I?" Cas asked and the mother removed the child from its blankets. Dean watched Cas put his hand on the baby's forehead. He closed his eyes, as did the parents. There was a little light glowing on the baby's shoulder and then a protective rune was there, no bigger than a mole.
“Jack told me what happened and I wanted to make sure that Stacy is alright and that he healed her properly,” Castiel told him. Jack frowned. Of course he had healed her properly!
"It's because you're sweet and you're a nerd. You get that from your dad," Claire said with a wink. Castiel had listened to the conversation with a bit of a heavy heart. The idea of Jack away at college, leaving him with an empty house, an emotionally (and usually also physically) distant husband and a job going nowhere was hardly something he wanted to ponder. But he'd have to face it eventually. His friends had more or less decided for him that he deserved a vacation so that he could take his mind off of it. Castiel was pretty sure sitting alone at the beach without his kid for the first time in 18 years would just make him miss Jack more.
"I'm not a fan of foreign interference but it seems like we have no other choice but to accept such an offer. And what would you ask of Winchester in turn for this guard duty?" John wondered, still hard. He was a king debating an issue after all, so Dean wasn't surprised but he also didn't feel quite happy about it. Not that he had to worry about Cas; the angel was totally calm and clearly not taking any of the Winchesters' suspicion to heart.
"Why? Because of that pendant?" Gabriel asked with a snort, then he propped his elbow up on the table, putting his chin into his palm. "Has anyone ever told you that your car's kinda conspicuous? I just have to look out for weird and wait for the car to show up. And voilà! Winchester spotting is a sport in the supernatural community." Dean had no idea if Gabriel was joking or not, so he settled on glaring at him. But he did feel kind of defensive about his car. She was eye-catching. He had just never thought of it as a disadvantage.
"Cut the crap, Chuck! Come on! Snap your fingers and send me back!" Dean said and Chuck actually startled by Dean snapping his fingers and raising his voice. Dean frowned at that and then he sighed. "Is Amara around?" The more Dean spoke the more Chuck started to fidget and while he quickly stammered something in reply, it was still Latin. Dean groaned.
Castiel was fussing with his collar, nervously waiting for Jack to come out to the car. It was Sunday morning now and they were both waiting in the parking lot, in the crisp morning air. Dean had a take away cup of coffee and he had had it pressed to his lips for the better part of five minutes now, which made Cas wonder if he was intent on inhaling the coffee vapors or if maybe he had decided to fall asleep with his nose inside the coffee cup.
"Oh you, Castiel. Don't turn those accusing eyes on me," she cooed and toed an invisible line in the mossy grass with her pointed shoe. "I have no need for a servant and neither do I want a son to replace Fergus," she said, then she stepped over the invisible line she had drawn. She didn’t stop to feel the wave of old magic crash down on her, she didn't stop to breathe in the fragrance of this wild, dark forest, neither did she stop to meet the eyes of the creatures that were looking at her from the shadows or the shimmering cracks to other realms. No, she was a witch with a mission.
"Sorry I'm late. I couldn't get off work earlier half past 5," he said after kissing Cas hello. Cas looked him over. Dean was still in his suit but at one point during the drive here he had removed his tie.
"You were born to human parents," Bobby argued. It was an old point of conversation between them, one Bobby had both enjoyed and found irritating. He had always wanted to get more information out of the witch, but Castiel had enjoyed an air of mystery around himself.
"Dean… That's not sustainable," Castiel told him, but Dean shot him a look. "You said so yourself… You're tired."
"Boy, you do know that you're not among humans, are you? I'm a king here, maybe not of this exact land you stand on now, but I at least partially have your fate in my hands once the whole interspecies marriage will be discussed," he said and Dean tensed. "I'd guess a prince would know how to comport himself a bit more elegantly."
"I'm… I'm not hoarding it!" Cas argued hotly, "I'm just making sure I won't fail." Now it was Dean's turn to roll his eyes. Again.
"You should end his pathetic life right now," Uriel said with a sneer. "He deserves nothing less for even daring to wage war against the angels." Castiel didn't turn to look at him, keeping his eyes firmly on Dean's face, who stared at him with wide eyes even though Castiel doubted he was still able to register what he was seeing. He was in great pain and afraid as death claimed him.
“Yes,” Castiel breathed and put his knees on either side of Dean’s waist before sitting down. Dean bucked up, moving against him, the new sensation of another guy’s dick rubbing against his own lost in the immense satisfaction of Castiel’s body so close to his. Castiel didn’t move consciously but he did jerk slightly whenever Dean rubbed against him. For the moment Dean wasn’t all that inclined to get too familiar with Castiel’s growing erection, so he focused on pressing chest against chest and mouth against mouth. Castiel put his hand to Dean’s shoulders, gripping a bit too tight whenever Dean rocked up against him. Castiel’s mouth opened on a choked moan and Dean showered him with kisses to his cheek and forehead before he pulled him even closer in an almost bruising embrace. One of his hands travelled down Castiel’s back, over the bumps of his vertebrae. He sucked a bruise into Castiel’s neck, then trailed upwards with kisses and bites until he got to Castiel’s jaw. The stubble felt odd dragging over Dean’s lips and his nose, but it wasn’t unpleasant. Castiel’s fingers dug into Dean’s shoulders.
"I think it won't be the biggest change for them. They were used to angelic protection, provided by the Morningstar garrison. Now it will be one of Cas' flights. The good thing about it is of course that Cas' flights are allied with Winchester," Dean explained.
Dean's mood held on a reasonably high level until about midday, when he had a lunch scheduled with Charlie, who had claimed to be in the area and in dire need of seeing her favorite handmaiden again.
With one last look of reverence at the only marking post of the land of humans coming to an end, the witch stepped out of the still standing tower and crossed the ruins of what had once been a building. A fortress maybe, but time and the old magic and the stubbornness of the human soul had worn it down. But the witch knew that to magic stone and mortar were not of lasting import; today a witch came looking for the road towards the Wild. Maybe another day this ruin would be needed for something else. The magic would know and the witch did not need to ponder it.
“I have always been able to kill you effortlessly,” Castiel told him, turning his head slightly to look at Dean, “but I didn’t. I’m lying here, Dean. Not at your mercy. But still for you to have, if you want me.” Dean didn’t say anything in a long time.
"Oh. No they won't assume Lucifer to have had this child himself. The four kings have long decided to not to pursue pregnancy or childrearing. Though as far as I know all of them have fathered children," Castiel explained. "They could of course assume that I had Lucifer's child, but I don't really like the implication of having been Lucifer's mate. It's unlikely though, since every angel sees that he's a Nephilim."
"No. I only want you," he said and it almost made Dean stagger. How could Cas say stuff like that so easily? Why couldn't he…?!
"Hopefully we'll see you again, soon," Jimmy added. "Family BBQ will certainly be much improved if you join us."
"No… Jack is a Nephilim. He develops at his own pace and he is much more aware than a fledgling would be at his age. They are… painfully helpless."
“I don’t like being Chuck’s disposal bin but I can’t really do anything about it, not on my own. Billie was supposed to solve this but we both know how that turned out. So, I want
When the angel (who eventually reluctantly introduced herself as Rachel after Charlie had pestered her enough) came to fetch them for dinner the humans were all comfortably warm. Rachel guided them to a bigger tent that, while still not as grand as the tents Winchester would provide for some official royal travelling or campaign, was well built and just as inviting as the last one. Apart from the presence of the angels.
"No… there's no need. It's atonement," Castiel said which had Dean look at him with a puzzled frown. But Castiel was not forthcoming with an explanation so Dean let him be. They were at the very outskirts of town, where small farms dotted the landscape, when they were stopped by a waving man running towards the cart. Dean stopped it, alarmed at once, but he saw the excited smile on the man's face.
"I've always lived at the border. But it wasn't my choice to be confined to the tower nor to raise a child in such conditions," Castiel answered, his voice flat and vaguely disapproving. Dean knew this wasn't his fault and he was sure Cas didn't put any blame on him specifically. He probably was just being touchy in general.
"Wow! That makes me feel so much better, thank you!" Dean spat, throwing up his hands. "You made the choice to declare war easily enough, didn't you! Even though I told you repeatedly that I didn't trust it. I went into battle for my kingdom without complaint, without asking questions and now you reward me by sacrificing me?! Is that how you take responsibility?! Not an easy choice, my ass!  It shouldn't be a choice at all!" he roared.
"Uhm. Cas and I are a couple, so it's different for us. We know each other well enough by now to be fine being stuck together. For alphas my age the tie lasts pretty long, so you gotta know you are comfortable being stuck together for that time. And anyway, not everybody likes knotting. Don’t knot without consent." Dean explained, then he reached for his phone again, because Cas might as well deal with some of the embarrassment.
“Thank you, Dean,” was all he managed to get out. He thought that maybe this was all that Dean had wanted to get out, but instead of them heading towards the car, Dean kept standing there in front of him.
"If Lucifer is given cause to believe that we fabricated a reason to attack, he might want to retaliate?" Dean guessed.
"Come on, you can meet Sam and mom too," Dean said to his counterpart. He nodded with a grin and followed Dean out of the cabin. Dean wondered just how exactly he was going to explain this without anyone shooting the god.
Dean put his hands on Castiel’s still clothed legs and even though he was still warm, it didn’t feel like touching a furnace anymore. So he pushed and pulled, getting into the empty space in the v of Castiel’s thighs. Castiel continued stretching his arms, his long, beautiful fingers reaching for something invisible. The button and zipper of Castiel’s pants opened without Dean touching them, earning Castiel an amused snort.
"Something isn't right here, there are way too many open questions. I needed Dean alive and my Grace was the only thing that could bring him back from the brink of death. You saw him Uriel, a Riet-Zien would have been able to do nothing."
"How are you two going to manage the distance thing in the long run?" John asked, more curious than critical. "I get it's new between you but I'm sure that's something you have to figure out."
"I don't remember that. I was a just a child," Castiel told him, feeling a tinge of irritation build inside him. "You mess up, you get killed. And the child of a monster is a ticking time bomb. The hunter tried to kill me, maybe he hesitated. I survived."
Dean could barely contain his nerves as Cas gave him directions to the outskirts of town, to a nondescript two story house. He parked his car next to Cas' car. Cas sent him a small, nervous smile, then he got out of the Impala. He had to move through a small gap between winter bare stalks and Dean realized that this was probably a vegetable garden of some sort. Now in winter and at night it just looked overgrown and messy. The light switched on when they stepped onto the porch, then they went inside. The house blocked out all of the winter chill at once and Dean felt himself relax.
"Has any one of you ever assisted in a hatching?" Visyak answered and when she lifted her eyebrows Cas dared to turn around and found a red-haired girl eagerly lifting her hand. "I'm pleasantly surprised. At least one of you, out of a group of 19."
"So, I suppose this is my cue to return. I should not keep my family waiting any longer," he said with a happy smile. He looked at Cas and studied him. "A fully powered angel can surely take me back to my world in case Gabriel doesn't show up anytime soon." Castiel nodded and Dean wanted to protest. Cas just got back here and now he would fly off again? But a second later Gabriel appeared in their midst holding what looked like a box of donuts, chewing one thoughtfully. There was blood on his sleeve. Dean didn't think it wise to ask about it.
“Are you ready?” he asked and Jack nodded, somehow more curious than apprehensive of what was to happen. Maybe it was good not feeling all emotions. Cas breathed in, then he slowly pressed the tips of his fingers against Jack’s sternum. Nothing happened at first, but then suddenly he felt a sharp pain zing through him and then the sensations that followed were difficult to describe. The pain wasn’t as bad as he had imagined, human sensations most likely dulled by his powers, but it felt… weird. Castiel had his eyes closed, concentrating, but a little bit of Grace glowed from underneath his lashes. Jack felt that Cas was searching, more with his Grace rather than the tips of his fingers. Curiously, he let his own power glide over Cas’ presence. He was very warm and he felt just as safe as he had back when Jack had still been unborn, that one time he slipped from Kelly into Cas’ body. He watched Cas slowly open his eyes, his eyebrows creased as he studied Jack with eyes now glowing gold.
"You? Apologizing?" she asked with exaggerated surprise and Dean swatted at her in annoyance but she knew how to dodge quickly. "I hope things will turn out alright."
"Yeah, but I don't know what to do now...," Dean told him. "Even if I get back home, I can't talk to Cas because he's giving me the cold shoulder." Of course, Dean deserved it with how he had been acting.
"Testing you? I'm not doing anything, my fine feathered friend," he said amicably, clearly having a good time. "This? Your little human friends getting into trouble? It's just happening." Castiel narrowed his eyes.
"Yes. If you're ready I'm leaving." Nora nodded, her expression uncertain. But Cas didn't dwell on it. He grabbed his bag and he put the egg back into the blanket. He left his place behind the corner and then he passed Dean without glancing at him. "Good night, Nora."
"Forget it," he muttered and left the bar, ignoring the disappointed calls of those who had wanted to see two alphas battling for the chance to knot a willing omega. Well, they could all go fuck themselves. Fuck all of them.
Dean was angry and restless after being basically kicked out of Cas' room. Hannah, who had mysteriously been straightening already straight paintings in the corridor, had jumped when Dean shoved the door open. Her expression went from startled to dismayed very quickly when she took in Dean's agitated face. He didn't have any words for her, storming down the corridor back to his own wing.
"Oh, Dean. You haven't even finished your wine!" his mom told him, when Dean was rushing out of the room.
Whatever Jack had been feeling about the incident, it calmed down eventually. Dean came back from the beer run and said nothing. They had dinner (Jack got to put the toppings on the pizza) and nobody asked. Dean and Sam didn’t know and it looked like Jack didn’t have to tell them. But a light uneasy feeling remained. No almost violent bubbling anymore that threatened to burst past the lid, just a low simmering worry. Because maybe one day Sam or Dean would cross paths with one of the teens. Or maybe Cas would. Or maybe Dean would ask him to go grocery shopping again (even though he would not be able to buy beer so maybe not). What then?
"Consummating is an integral part of the ceremonies," he said but Dean's expression only darkened. Castiel stepped past him and started undressing swiftly.
"So, to recap, we have a mutilated corpse, human skin nailed to cabin, terrified witnesses and apparently a woman as culprit," Sam said, the he shrugged and looked at Dean. "I mean… we've done more on less?"
"It is unconventional, as I said. But consider it a perk. You get a mate out of the deal. You're not currently tied to anyone, are you?"
"I'll be in the kitchen for a moment to check on the generator," Castiel told him, receiving a grunt of approval from his patron, then he slipped away.
“I don’t find affection annoying,” Jack said indignantly, then he reached out and wrapped his arms around Cas. “See?” Cas patted Jack’ head. “What about my powers though?” he asked when he drew back again.
"You are to go to Winchester. Becoming Anael's assistant is of course a demotion for you, but you have to see this as a chance to learn from Anael. She will prepare you for a position in the High Council at a later point in your life, if you will still want it then. That is your best chance to counteract anti-human sentiments. It gives you more freedom than being general." Naomi looked from Cas to Dean. "I have sent ahead a messenger to Winchester with the gist of Michael's decision and a request to provide adequate quarters for Anael and Castiel." Naomi wrinkled her nose. "And your son. He will be growing up among humans, but I suppose that will not hurt him much in the long run. Michael has been most displeased when he was informed of Lucifer's transgressions with the human woman. He approves of his placement with you. And that is all I had to report." She folded her hands in front of herself, looking at them expectantly.
"We've selected this wing for you," Castiel explained and Dean could see some of his friends already exploring, others were just passing in the corridor, following Hannah. "There are doors separating this wing from the rest of the manor, so you will have privacy. Of course, the servants will come clean if you request it. I'm sure Hannah will instruct Donna." Dean shortly wondered why Donna, but he assumed that Bobby had put her down in the role of housekeeper. He hadn't really bothered getting involved in the process, not that Bobby had invited his input or participating, so he had no idea what roles his friends would assume here, even if just for appearance's sake. Though if some of them were tasked with cleaning duty, then he doubted they'd keep the wing running smoothly for long… But Castiel didn't have to know any of this.
“You wanted me to suffer,” Cas started and the Shadow nodded enthusiastically. “And now what? Do you just want to let me go?”
"Yes," Cas said, "but I think we should do that without our clothes on," he added. Dean chuckled, then he dipped back down, capturing Cas' lips again. Despite Cas' insistence that they should lose what little they still wore, he seemed to be in no hurry to actually do anything about it. Dean enjoyed grinding against him and feel Cas' hands on him. He didn't exactly let them stray much, but he was holding on to him firmly, pulling him closer, then almost digging his fingers in, then lightly rubbing circles into his shoulders. One of his hands eventually travelled up a bit, fitting his right hand over the handprint that had left a permanent mark on Dean. Castiel sighed, but then his hands started moving again to touch the side of his neck, then his fingers swept upwards into Dean's hair. Cas wasn't tugging, which was good because it wasn't exactly Dean's thing, but he was lightly dragging his nails through his roots. Dean's hair was definitely still too long, despite Charlie's attempts at cutting it, but he didn't mind it now that Cas was playing with it.
“Yeah,” Dean finally said, sounding tired. “I’m really sorry Cas that we couldn’t protect your kid…” Cas didn’t trust himself to speak, so he just shook his head. “We figured out he came back from the Empty differently…”
"Relax, dude… Just don't let her wrap you around her finger," Mr. Winchester said and then he rushed his way through a good-bye (without further threats, which was good) and the line went dead. Castiel handed the phone back to a smiling Emma. He heaved a sigh.
"Uff, warn a guy. You're heavy," Dean mock complained, but quickly wrapped his arms around Cas, soaking up his warmth and his scent.
"Come on Cas, I'm just joking," he said but he sounded slightly annoyed, despite the smile on his lips. "But we're not like
"If you can make it?" Mary sounded hopeful and Dean couldn't help the smile that appeared on his lips. "I'd rather not take this on my own and risk more people dying. Besides, I haven't seen you two in a while."
"I don't get it either, okay!" Dean spat tensely. "That's just how my stupid human brain works! And you know I'm not the most steadfast of people. I'm weak, Cas!" Cas opened his mouth, probably to argue knowing him, but Dean wasn't done: "I wanted out in Hell and I broke long before dad did. And I didn't care what it meant for my soul or for other people. I had to get off that rack. Just how I had to get out of that cell! Billie was my only shot. It's not my fault that she overcharged for it!" Cas sat up at once, making the god take his hand off him and back off.
"Do you want me to come in? With Jack?" Castiel asked quietly when they followed Bobby up the stairs.
"I don't know where he is. We had a nice afternoon together yesterday but I had to leave early. He probably hung out with Jess, forgot the time and decided to crash at her place," she said, a little bit too quickly and wooden for it to be totally convincing. Castiel opened his mouth, but Dean lifted his hand to stop him. Then he turned to Charlie, turning up the charm.
Jack was surprised to find that a good night’s rest did in fact do him good. He woke up feeling rested and calm. For a moment he lay in bed and tried to imagine himself as the dark center of the galaxy. It wasn’t exactly a disquieting feeling, quite comfortable after all.
"Dean, Cas!" she said, opened the door wide and beckoning them in. "Put down those things and let me hug you!" Dean complied while Cas closed the door behind them. When Dean was done receiving hugs, Mary turned to Cas, wrapping him up and squeezing him. "It's so good to see you! Come on, you've got to meet Sam and Jess!" Cas caught Dean's encouraging grin and then they were ushered into the living room. Cas had of course seen pictures of Sam and Jess and heard quite a bit about them. Before he could say hi however, John was there, clapping him on the shoulder, smiling at him warmly.
"Well, I certainly understand why you didn't want kids. Jack's pace of development must be a relief," Dean said with a snort and Castiel nodded a couple of times.
"Dean?" he called and got up from his chair, but then he went on talking in a language Dean didn't understand. German maybe? Cas came closer, unperturbed by Dean's stunned silence. He put his hands on Dean's arms, then he started fussing with his clothes, a frown on his face as he checked him over with concern. Was Cas looking for injuries or was he just disapproving at the Fed suit?
"The thing is that this mountain range is called The Aeries, but actually Aeries is also the name of old angelic mountain towns. There's one just up," Garth said. And sure enough, once the road took a turn Dean found a little tower perched on the edge of an overhang. The ground beyond that was even as they had clearly reached a plateau. Built into the side of mountain were buildings with wooden shutters, and small balconies. Narrow stone steps led higher up were more houses were. It looked rather interesting, but it was clearly abandoned. Dean lifted his hand and the members of his guard fanned out, exploring. Dean approached the watch tower, his eyes alert and hand around the hilt of his sword. The door was of heavy wood and dark metal but when Dean pushed against it, it opened on silent hinges. He held his breath, but when nothing came at him, he grabbed a torch out of his pack, pressed the button to get the magic circuit running and shone the beam into the room. Light still came in from the narrow windows. It was chilly inside but relatively well protected from the wind. The watch tower was still furnished with a table and chairs and some benches that might have served as makeshift beds. A thick layer of dust and some stray, dry foliage was scattered on the ground and over the furniture, but it didn't look like this place had been abandoned because it had been under attack. He shone his torch at the ladder leading to the upper floor. He grabbed the wood with one hand and gave it a firm shake. He didn't know if it would hold his weight but it looked sturdy enough. He put the torch into his pocket and climbed up. The upper room was bare apart from a table and a chair that stood against the wall that had no windows, as it faced the mountain. There was one big window front showing towards Winchester and a telescope positioned there. Dean approached the window and looked out. He could see down the mountain, at the entire army that was waiting for a sign to move, totally unprotected from attack. Dean had a queasy feeling about that, but then he got to the telescope and looked through. He could see the low land and if he positioned the telescope just right, he could even see Eye Campbell that they had left almost a week ago now. Dean frowned. When had the angels given up this Aerie? Clearly, they had used it to keep an eye on the humans or else there would have been no need for a telescope that showed human fortresses.
“There’s a way to test, but it will be very uncomfortable,” Castiel told him. “I have to reach inside of you and feel your soul. It will hurt but you have to stay very still or it could harm us both.” Jack hesitated.
"Yes, I'm aware of that. We angels have fought against demons for a long while now. We managed to beat them back from Elysium, way before you humans settled here, and banished them to their original realm," she explained. "There's been movement in hell however and we're keeping an eye on the situation." Dean frowned at her.
"You mean I need a guide," Dean said, vaguely seeing Castiel nod in the darkness. Dean saw shadows dash through what little light the lantern cast. The mood was decidedly subdued and for a long time neither of them spoke.
