Dionysus laid a hand over Sherlock's heart and the world burned.
The pleasure of a body that functioned the way it was supposed to without the aches and pains gained by years of exactly this sort of activity.
Lucy did not particularly care. She was tired and upset and her daughter was hiding in a Jeffries tube.
Prince Whatever flapped a hand at them and stood up. "Shall we."
"Doctor Watson is Mum's thirteen times nephew," giggled Connor. "Which isn't really all that related. Not really. You can't keep people here just because they've got some distant relationship with you. You can't. You need to let them go!"
"Do not tell me again that it is time," said Apollo. "I gave them the staff Asclepius and medicine, not the apple of discord. I have given more music than I let my arrows fly. I led the muses, my daughters born by human women graced with my love, to teach them science. Music. How to calculate the curve of this world. How to write and remember what is long since done. I will not abandon them because of one conflict."
Alignment. Except the 22
John had a sinking feeling. A cold, wet, sinking into arctic waters feeling as the name of the theater company was called up.
John had gone from running a sickbay to managing a medical staff of fifty, every one of them raw Crew third class, who'd gone through a bare six week training, with an additional eight personnel in engineering and the bridge crew. He hyperventilated on the inside. He put that damn box in his cabin.
Both John and Sherlock tried to pass on everything useful they could think of while they still could. Whether they forgot, or the future came, knowledge should be passed on.
Sherlock watched him carefully. "No."
Shroleb had been the one who explained why they had to have green paste and wash their clothes instead of replicating new ones. He'd even written vids for kids all over Andor. They'd shown one in school. There were a lot of kids on Andor. A lot. Because of Eva's mom, which was nice. All the parents kept being really nice to Eva once they found out who her mom was. Whenever it got a little strange, Thil stepped in and let everyone know he was a Bakerstreet twin.
John disposed of his organic tea. Walked Billy to the door of sickbay. Gave himself a nutrient shot. A muscle relaxant. Held the device over the slight curve of his stomach, distended in preparation for fullness, although his current occupants were only the size of poppy seeds. His uterus was a particularly full bagel just then. He clicked the control and stopped the war for resources that was about to happen. He didn't even feel it. It would take his body awhile to readjust. It wouldn't need to. He'd be an adult again soon. He put the cube away in the box. One cube was much like another. Was glad that Julian had kept the sickbay safe from looting. He'd added a phaser and a lock for the box.
He redoubled his efforts.
Donovan sat there shaking. "What happened? How did I get down here?"
"Amazing!"
Vesha was spattered in blood. Large purple bruises bloomed on his face and bare body. His eye closing up. The others were washing him off with water warmed over the fire. Vesha kept saying, "Sorry. I didn't mean to open the door. It was just there's so many of us and I didn't think Sherlock would ever… and I needed it. I…"
As long as they were kept together, there was hope. There might still be an opportunity to escape. Although, with three guards pointing nerve disrupters, the fairly effective restraints given the way Killander had thrashed around, and his head feeling like a tribble lived in it, he didn't see it.
The communications array was jammed.
He was incapable to resist nuzzling the golden god's delicious neck above pale teeth marks from some form of attack or ritual. The omega asked, "What are you doing?"
"Yes," said Sherlock, who looked as cool as the arctic ice. "It is the closest planet along the surveyed routes."
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Rybo-viroxic-nucleic
Sherlock smiled ruefully, examining his own hands. "Humans males continue growing into their twenties. I had sufficient height and muscle mass to convince the academic advisors that I was eighteen. As to the other, I invented a university that provided me with my credentials. I knew the material already. My set of study was quite rigorous. At first, I needed to catch up. Then there was nothing for it but to surpass."
She read the letter that Eva had sent Lucy. She made more of that tea that Lucy liked.
"Sherlock, we have to check her condition. We have to…" John paused and visibly thought. Unclenched fists and understood what Sherlock was saying. What Sherlock was trusting John to do.
Lucy groaned. "Eva, honey, what have we talked about? Gender can be fluid. Flopsy could be an omega girl or a boy, neither, or both. It has nothing to do with what's between their legs."
Sherlock glared at her. "You're just saying words."
She was doing better than John. She just felt horrible. Achy like she'd remembered feeling at this age. Hot flashes coming and going. Cramps occasionally stabbing through her abdominal region.
"A resort. Oh, excellent. I do like to think of it that way. Now," Frankland said looking at Sh'Alaack, "some of the machinery is quite delicate. One of a kind. Nothing like you're used to up on a starship. Oh, no. Nothing like a starship. Although, I hear the Bakerstreet is quite uniquely fitted out itself. Holo emitters all over the place. But I digress. Acheron here," he waved at a stone faced Human in blue scrubs, "can take you down to the generator level." Sh'Alaack left with Acheron while the Humans in blue scrubs unloaded the supplies for the colony.
She preferred to think of herself as adjunct. Reserve. An agent without portfolio, who also happened to be running the minutiae – because dear Sherlock certainly wasn't going to do it – of a starship.
"Po-tay-toe, Po-tah-toe. Hu-man, Hue-mon."
Sherlock felt aggrieved that the Breen had to show up at the least useful time. Any time in the last four weeks would have made his brother's interference helpful, but now there was almost nothing left to be done. "I said that you are not needed. Go away."
"I'm a doctor," said John. "We're not consuming anything until I know what you're giving us."
The implications of Lucy and Sherlock's work with the Ceti Sexus Pollinis were still very much playing out within the Andorian scientific community and larger society.
Look at the old mural he'd uncovered the week before. Human faces. Oh, Doctor Jackson kept claiming that the script used in the machinery was a form of proto-Breen. But he was a linguist. What the fuck did he know?
He'd better get there soon, or John was going to do some damage to whoever was on the other end of that com.
"Me too," said his twin, fiercely.
Sherlock waited.
"You mean like you calling me to the bridge to get a tricorder out of your pocket. Or maybe to the biolab because you're sitting on a stylus. You mean draping yourself all over me when we're hosting a diplomatic mission with a race of talking trees and a two hundred year old Vulcan?" John found himself getting more than a bit irritated on his own behalf. "Yeah, I want you to respect me as a professional. I may only have a position on this ship because you gave it to me, but I'll be damned if I'm not respected."
"Assholes is what they were," muttered Hunter.
There was general agreement from the other Admirals, with an emphasis on how each Admiral thought his command needed resources first.
John's eyes widened. "We?"
"Don't bother," said the figure. "It'll have closed almost as soon as you went through. I'm Mollyhoo. The Fenisal took my ring, but it was silver. So, let's get the pronoun game solved right away. I consider myself female. And if you can't scent it in this awful downpour, I'm an omega, of course. I don't even know why, I even brought it up. Never mind…Not that I can ever can scent it. I'm missing the vasopressin 1b receptor gene… umm… that's part of our olfactory system that allows me to scent the difference between alphas and omegas,
He didn't need to understand what had won the genetic lottery for Sherlock.
For the genetics study.
Sherlock blurted, "There have been eight other deaths. All people who could have identified Kodos. All deaths occurred when the Watson troop was giving a performance on planet."
Sherlock looked at him. He did not say that his intention was to brood for two weeks over the grit in his machine until he flew apart. Until he knew what his and John's next assignments might be.
Still, Sherlock's hand shook as John slipped a ring on Sherlock's hand, with a recitation of vows. A visible mark of belonging wrapped around his finger.
John slept.
John realized that he was crying in public. Dashed away the tears with an angry hand. "Sod off!"
It was sort of stun device.
"I knew when you gasped."
"This area of the planet is not tectonically active." Mr. Stonn pulled out a tricorder and handed it to Sestre. "Scan the rock face like I showed you."
Supersmart met Mama G's eyes. Hoping, they'd noticed the same thing he had. That by every law of gravity, Prince Whatever's crown, perched so precariously on their head, should have at least shifted with their movement, but it has stayed exactly where it was.
Therefore, Sherlock simply needed to experience another adrenalin spike. He also needed to do it before the change became permanent.
He let his parallel representatives fill in their own ideas.
Screaming matches.
Sherlock was not in the mood. He was in the mood to lie in the furs kissing John. He was in the mood to breathe his mate's breeding scent. He was not in the mood to deal with this alpha.
While John had made the communication to his mother, the Seventh Fleet had been sent to face the Dominion-Cardassian alliance. Out of one hundred and twelve ships, ninety-eight ships were destroyed.
"Yes, I'm listening." He had all of Victor's smiling attention now.
Sherlock's unwrinkled forehead folded in puzzlement before easing himself into the lapping water. If Sherlock thought he'd just been going to get a simple fuck for his birthday, then John was glad to disappoint him.
They filed out of the captain's ready room.
Eventually, Ayaba crawled out of the pile groaning. "See what ya...um... meant."
John rubbed the numb spot on his left leg and reminded himself that by now they should have arrived on Beta Aurigae. The planetary authorities would contact the Bakerstreet.
Billy hadn't had time to think about romance. Energy. Couldn't even see Chin Singh. He couldn't chance carrying even a trace of alpha pheromones on his skin when he went to visit Connor. Chin had been very understanding. Had stayed away. Running her endless errands for her parents.
John followed Sherlock into the lift to find out what was going on.
She looked at him sharply.  "Take me to where you were keeping him."
It was the easiest thing in the world to shimmy out of their clothes. Grin at Sherlock as he ordered lube from the replicator. Took him apart without being on sex pollen. Nothing more than lube and his cock.
Grinned at Sherlock as he came out of the lift. Sherlock's eyes widened as he looked at him. Even after several months, somehow surprised that John loved him.
(See the end of the chapter for
She sneered at him. "You don't know anything."
https://knowledgenuts.com/2014/07/25/the-difference-between-teenage-brains-and-adult-brains/
"My clothing is designed to reveal my body for your pleasure. It is bespoke and of excellent quality. We're in a set of rooms that are redolent with my scent and my belongings. These are my quarters, but someone dressed as I am could have no other function on a starship if I was not here to please you. There are furnishings draped with soft fabric meant to illicit pleasure. There's nothing military in this room. It contains my belongings, but very few of your own. This is my bed, but you have often shared it. Out belongings included a box full of objects used for sexual intercourse that we have just used. The only reasonable explanation for my role here would appear to be to satisfy you sexually. Some form of concubine. Mistress." He dared to watch the omega's pupils as he said all of this.
Killander came running around a corner. "What is going on here?"
His mate's breath caught in his chest in a tiny gasp. His body clenched, drawing another release. Slumping forward. Covering Sherlock like a blanket. His mate's scent growing richer. Drunk on scent and sensation, Sherlock couldn't resist delicate nips.
There was that niggling thought that it couldn't have done any harm to wear the laurel leaves for a little while, but they knew that thought was a trap. Statistician that they were, they knew they'd been down this road a time or two.
She smiled at them, still looking worn out and grey faced. "Don't worry about me, dears. I've been in worse situations." She dimpled a smile and went through the green door.
John kept thinking the same thing as they used their tricorders – unsuccessfully - to triangulate the source of the energy.
Julian looked down and fiddled with a hypospray. Again, interesting, given that was a response to nervousness that Julian could not feel. A ploy for his systems to determine a response. Same result.
That was that. Which was for the best. Mycroft hadn't wanted to tell them that based on previous observation, trying to hold on too tightly might see everything fall apart.
"Yes, father," said Sestre, which was very subdued of him, but he was examining the door they'd cut in the wall together the day he arrived.
Sherlock looked up as John came into his quarters. John walked straight to him and was enfolded. Sherlock's comforting scent surrounded him. So he let go. Ripping sobs out of his heart until there was nothing but a terrible emptiness.
That they were woken again and so easily implied a shorter period of years had passed asleep.
Sherlock was sitting on the floor next to John's narrow bed. Naked. Wearing a leather collar. "Good evening, Master. How can this poor slave please you tonight."
"I am quite certain that everyone is fine," said Martha. "Now I need that M-wave transmitter."
"Not precisely. But a certain element within Internal Affairs," she was too well conditioned to refer to her former assignment in any way other than obfuscation, "has decided to take an interest in us."
Many of them had bred with Marymor. He watched the way she looked at the one or two she hadn't bred with. He and John would have to keep a watchful eye on her after the omegas gave birth.
As his mind merged with the creature's, he screamed.
Lucy was a botanist with a combined masters in Exobotany and Exobiology. Neither were degrees useful in a war.
Which was very sweet of Sarabeth and exactly how Mollyhoo felt, other than the part where she missed flush toilets and electric lights and everything. But there was something she just didn't quite understand. "Our estrus cycle should still be, you know… going on. There are down cycles in hormonal production that allow for greater cognition, but still there. Instead I feel normal. Pericardium. Enzymes. Vascular. I can think just fine, and I feel great." She looked over at where Vesha and Marida were already exhibiting signs that their next estrus cycle was beginning.
What anyone else was thinking, she had no way of knowing and she'd have to wait a year to find out.
Normally, she was always asking questions. Chatting with her friends when she was supposed to be paying attention. Now she was subdued.
They retraced the route they'd taken when they'd arrived to find the transporter room. It was abandoned when they arrived. No snarling Klingon to threaten their lives. Billy spared a thought for the Klingon who was in love, but only one. The thought that Chin had not come had been a more frequent refrain over the last few weeks.
"Oh, for fuck's sake's, honey," said Sarabeth. "They are talking about seeing if John would be fine with sharing Sherlock when we all go into heat, so we'll want to stay here where it's safer." Sarabeth gave Mollyhoo a friendly squeeze of her knee.
Mummy would give some faint praise for doing as well as was expected. Father Noonian would comment on the strategic benefits of taking the shorter path. Father Meiying thought she was a fool for participating in Breen rites of passage.
John said, "Harry! She'd not your sister. Those memories are a construct. Something Adams put in your head."
That for a place that had been pretty off before, it was now upside down cake.
"Or he is a fairly yummy sweet," muttered Ginger Sparkles and bumped fists with Brown Sparkles, when she chuckled.
Supersmart abandoned the conversation to attempt to open the door to what the schematics IDed as the Captain's Ready Room.
"Did Chin suggest this location? Or did you?" Connor's expression said he'd be like a dog with a bone if Billy gave the real answer.
Growing up, John's mum and dad had never done more simple design work for various plays. He sighed, thinking of his dad. Years later, the pain was more of a dull ache than a sharp wound. He wondered if he regressed, if that too would be part of him that he lost.
Euros giggled. "That was ages ago." She waved a hand. "Although," she moved her hand as if swooping a bird. "Linearity. We can make up all over again. And without the dying this time."
This was generally when Sherlock insulted John's ability to think, but since he'd just spent by his estimation seventy-two hours coupling with John with little in the way of thinking through both a red alert and a power outage, he was not in a good position to speak.
Life had gone on.  Until some twenty years ago, the Khanate had exploded with activity. Beginning an outward expansion that had yet to stop.
"Dumb luck," Owen shrugged. "Story of my life. Have adventures. Get knocked up by a god of wine, get assigned to my own home moon."
Hudson is wearing a short version of the Deana Troi turquoise dress.
Sherlock managed to convince Lestrade to let him speak to Harry.
John tried to focus and looked in the box that Sherlock had been examining. It was full of the sex toys that John had stashed in Sherlock's quarters when he'd discovered that his parents would be coming on board.
Eros and Psyche floating in a pool of water, transformed.
The other Khans were more festive in their colorful attire. But then, they had no reason to know the Conchordia Ancestrum wasn't simply a variation on the annual Meiosis of Alignments. A ceremony to be endured. A distraction from their end goal of empire.
That horrible Ice Queen waved her treasure in the air. "I want to play." Yellowbeard threw a chair through the window and she followed him out before they could stop their escape.
"I'm not an agent!" said Connor. "I keep saying I'm only twelve."
The evening's discussion took many turns. Time dilation or lack thereof. John's access, if limited, to medical supplies from something called a replicator on the shuttle. "We have to conserve power, but its come in handy for things like…" he glanced at Sherlock who was talking animatedly with Sherjo, "not spending the last twenty years getting continually knocked up by someone's magic cock."
The valley itself, while protected from the winds that whistled on the higher mountain peaks around them, and had a good water supply from the waterfall and river than ran through the valley, was semi-arid. Sparse trees dotted the hills. Some thorny bramble berries, which produced small tart black fruit. Mostly it was rich in high yellow grass that was cut to line the floor of the cave for warmth. It did mean that Sherlock, had to range far down the river valley to a lower altitude where the game was more plentiful.
Sherlock yanked the alpha back by their heels. Pulled and swung. Let go. The alpha was a dead weight. Their face and neck riddled with small arrows. All disappearing as they fell from view over the cliff edge.
"Doesn't it," said Grandfather putting down his napkin. His voice hardening. Suddenly, Connor could see the man who had stood at Brittanus' right hand during the wars. He'd learned about that in the past. "How is it that you could survive Colonel Green's camps and not understand the risk to our people? Didn't you read about the anti-Augment riots after it was revealed that Brittanus was behind the attack on London. San Francisco. Those were innocents being killed. Murdered by Federation citizens. It happened before. It will happen again."
"And the weapon?" he asked, because it really needed to be asked.
Billy, breathing carefully through his mouth to remind himself that he could breathe, looked at it dully.
"Your bag, John." Sherlock huffed. "I slipped them in when Killander was bleeding from the punch you gave him. You nearly ruined things by wanting a slip for your belongings." His expression shifted to the glee of a mission. "Now, let's see if we can find some evidence. I have some thoughts."
Sally did not dance. She did not go to fucking happy festivals from a planet where she hadn't lived on since she was a kid. She certainly didn't fuck shiny as fuck head doctors.
Supersmart wanted to say, "Because Amazing Sparkles is amazing," but was incapable of speaking in the face of the salacious wink that Amazing Sparkles gave him. Or perhaps he had spoken, given Connor's giggle.
Like Sherlock was most likely at least somewhat pregnant, which fine, John rolled his eyes at his own thought. There was no such thing as somewhat pregnant, but John had spent a lot of time looking at Sherlock's DNA recently. He knew Sherlock had the same genetic trait for high order magnitude pregnancies.
Ten days, which put an interesting spin on heats, and provided an explanation why he'd gotten pregnant the time they were separated on planet Mafia. John had gone into heat, but had been nowhere near Sherlock. He'd spent most of the time fending off hooligans with a tommy gun, and making the perhaps unfortunate decision to fuck himself with what looked like a turkey baster. The baster must have caused an ovum to release, which had been caught by a dreadnaught.
"You should write her a letter. Say how you feel. What worries you and how you miss her. I bet she misses you too."
Sherlock reminded himself of this several times.
Grandfather and Chin Singh had helped so much too.
He gently pressed the tips of his fingers where Sherlock's spine met his skull. Fanning them out to further cup the edges of Sherlock's skull. Rubbing the pads of his fingers along the sides. He'd watched endless vids on scalp massages leading up to this. Sherlock wasn't the only one who could do research.
"You should listen to Julian," said Hudson. "There were extensive studies done by Colonel Green's scientists during WWIII on the effects of pheromones and hormones on Augment adolescents, as well as other things."
Sherlock looked up. "I know a great deal." He pursed his lips. "It had never occurred to me that such basic information wasn't available."
John said, "If I were to parade you in front of everyone on a leash, nearly naked as you are, what would you do?"
Ms. Hudson said, "Connor, focus on me. There's a good boy." She met Billy's eyes. "If you don't mind my asking, where did you learn to do to that?"
John took the doll from her hand. The fabric was soft and warm. He remembered when Khatri had knitted it. When all the omegas in the crew had contributed something hand made for Lucy's baby shower. John had stitched together a quilt. Nothing very fine, but he saw it peeking out of the bulging traveling case Lucy had brought. All of little Eva's belongings. Nothing of her own.
As soon as the door guard took off running in front of a purple cloud, Martha set off the real vendarite explosion with a wave of the very convenient wand, a shouted, "Crepitus," and the sacrifice of three dolls and a capacitor.
Instead, Mycroft said, "A mutual engineering acquaintance of ours is representing the Breen, who have made an offer to the colony to take over the operation of the old refinery. I hope given what I understand of the current situation that you will keep an eye out for her. It's made things a bit more delicate given that there appears to be sabotage going on."
The omega examined his clothing and their own. "How can you tell?"
Sherlock looked up at the stained glass window depicting a rounded fertility figure, whose defining characteristic was its fecundity. A Priapus knelt in front of it. "I would speculate a religious site, but require more information.
Vesha said, "Let's name this one Marymor." He smiled sheepishly. "I knew a Marymor once. She was hot."
When they pulled away from each other, they didn't let go. They had dinner. Something replicated where they could keep holding on. Vulcan plomeek soup.
Hudson took one look at John as he sat down and got started immediately. "We're being called in to provide assistance investigating some issues on the mining colony on Janus VI."
He needed John back.
Sherlock blinked and reality came into focus.
Killander's split lip curled. "Lieutenant Watson did punch me."
Maybe if the ships following them hadn't been blazing enough lights to make a new sun, he might have made it. As it was, he came face to face with Sally, looking like a warrior woman in leather armor and some sort of spear weapon. Standing next to him was not-Owen sporting a prickish looking mustache. Not-Owen yelled, "Stun him. Don't shoot him."
Sherlock was dicing an onion. There was a bowl full of onions already diced. His eyes were red. There were silvered trails down his cheeks. A tear was working its way over one of his impossibly high cheekbones. His nose was running.
Sherlock looked at him sharply. "Why? He's nothing to do with Mummy or my fathers."
"Where's Sherlock!" said John trying to be heard over the noise.
Bihr's children were on a ship currently orbiting the planet.
Mycroft straightened the perfect lines on his suit. Reminded himself caring was not an advantage. That tensions might rise again after the Conchordia Ancestrum came to some form of conclusion, or no conclusion at all. Given the nature of things, there might not be a sign that anything had happened at all. After all, there was no way to know when certain key events had and would occur. Mycroft could not bring himself to suggest he arrange each detail, given what that would mean.
There were thirteen separate mysteries seeded randomly into the scenario by an algorithm.
Finney had not left the facility through the airlock. "No way to remove the sensors that tell Adams if you go in or out. I planted the bushes next to each of the grates. Picked something nice and thick. Took ten years to get them big enough and to make my own breather and face mask."
He knew what John had gone to sickbay to do. Of course, he knew. He was Sherlock. He also didn't know. There was an entire spectrum of information that John had kept from him. Nothing like the Breen were Humans, but… possibly something Sherlock should know about.
Dad was a savior there with a quiet, "Elise, give Billy some air to breathe. He's been through a great deal."
That put a needle of resentment through her for Sherlock's freedom. But when she'd posed the question to Mother, they had merely looked coolly enigmatic at Chin and failed to explain anything. So, as Donovan had been fond of saying, "All fucked up, situation normal."
"So, now you know," said John.
John asked, "Is the winter bad here?" He looked around the valley. It seemed pleasant enough, but they were in the mountains. The weather might change suddenly for all he knew.
The lights of the Controller lost red when Kara was small. No red and it was cold. When blue went away, water smelled bad. Made some Eymorg sick drinking it. But what could they do? Water was water. When the last light dimmed, the Eymorg gathered around Kara.
They spent some time, encrypted, in the dark, discussing a subject Mummy had never discussed. The years leading up to Mummy's successful gestation of Mycroft. Their rage at the scientists for creating them the way they had. Rage in particular for the one scientist, who had…taken advantage of their own creation. Pain at each loss. Anger at their own ever healing body. Mummy's centuries old feelings of inadequacy and failure. Sherlock's own. The conflicted feelings when they finally held Mycroft. The first one. Mummy's only body birth with all the complications of that experience. The strange realization, Sherlock should have had it years ago, that Mummy had cloned Mycroft using the cells transferred during their pregnancy.
"Yeah, the fucking pervert induced my heat. Fucked me through the whole thing." He spat in Sherlock's general direction. "Hope you're happy Daddy, because you fucked a whole lot of babies into me. I've been trying to figure out how to use information about who you really are to my best advantage and looks like I finally found it."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Young_Lochinvar
"Logical," said Stonn holding his own phaser, "as stunning you was our original plan before you so precipitously changed sides." There was flash from his phaser and Donovan crumpled to the ground.
Everything resting in the power of his decisions. Except the one decision that should have been allowed John.
Owen said, "Personally, think it's a fucking shame you won't do right by him. Just on account of John not being able to carry little ones."
Connor burrowed further against Billy. "Okay."
"He thinks your father is Kodos, the executioner," said Sherlock, moving between them. "Now, back away from my doctor."
John pulled back and spread his hands wide. "You think me a merchant to quibble over price." He glanced at the curtains. "However, I am not for common pleasures. I'll have him in the comfort of my villa."
John had known how to cook.
Instead it was a stranger wearing a black on grey Starfleet uniform and insignia that Billy didn't recognize.
John was aware all the while that he had a phaser hidden in the small of his back. If he could stand to wrap his fingers around it.
Sherlock glared.
"That," John looked down, "makes a weird sort of sense." He nodded. "We'll talk later. There's um…" he waved at himself, still wearing a cleaner version of his Hogwarts robes to conceal what he'd rather not have everyone focus on, "something I need to do." Not that the robes had stopped Sherlock from looking at him stricken when he'd come with the news that he had the cure for sudden onset teens. There was a cure, so John needed to clean house.
"Yeah. Fine. What do you think?"
Sherlock felt off balance. As if his center of gravity had lowered from his chest and into his abdomen. He found that his hand was pressed to the silk draped over his chest.
It was the most satisfying, the only satisfying, conversation he'd ever had with his mother.
"Oh, I think I met her. Colonel Green had her arm um… removed," Connor looked at his own whole hands. "He did that sometimes to see if we'd um… grow them back. Not that we do," he added quickly.
Another blast from the laser. This one fortunately missing.
Stepped inside and on reaching the narrow Roman bordello, stood there more than a bit stunned. Breath captured at the first breath of Sherlock's scent. Heart beating like some moon struck madman in a play. Like a lover declaiming his love for the moon over a cup of plum wine.
"What I fucking want is for my husband to stop treating me like a child! I am not a child! And what the fuck, Sherlock! You child locked the holodeck against me!"
John stirred next to him and said something. It was nonsense, but it was something. "I've been trying your father's recipe for Crawfish Étouffée, but I can't quite make it work."
"Excuses. Do you want to marry me or not?" She smiled up at him. Her hologram.
They poked their heads out at the next juncture. Julian smiled down at them.
"You're a treasure. Perfection." John stopped his own babble with a languorous kiss. For once not getting a crick in his neck. He stepped back and called out to his servants. "Dress my guest in sea silk." Technically it wasn't actually silk made from the fringes of some sort of extinct clam, but the green fabric certainly had a lovely sheen as it shifted, open on one side to expose Sherlock's pale moonbeam body with every movement.
Irrelevant. He'd woken up in the opening of a mine. There was a force shield keeping them inside.
He brainstormed a few treatments with Doctor Bashir and Dax. Met Dax's new flirtation, Lieutenant Worf, the only Klingon in Starfleet. Worf solemnly told him that he'd once been paralyzed, but he'd recovered. Which since John didn't have a backup nervous system, he wasn't sure how that helped.
Supersmart raced down the corridors. Every step taking him farther away from Amazing Sparkles. John Watson. If that was his actual name. Knowing that there was a real chance that if he deactivated the device incorrectly he could end up causing the situation to repeat or make it worse.
Sherlock went closer and examined the grouped image of his parents. "There are no children in any of these pictures."
Eva said, "I'll just tell the bad men I crawled into the wall to get some alone time and got lost. Actually, I think I can do it." Eva scowled. A tiny fierce expression. The yellow ribbons around her braids completed the picture.
Chin said, "Billy. We've found Connor. There will soon be security everywhere. Leave with me now. I can take you to Beta Augurea. You remember that planet I told you about. You'll be fine there. You don't even have to… we don't have to… come away with me."
They walked down the corridor with its echoes of voices. Billy alert for the scents and sounds of Klingons. They caught Hudson's scent after a few minutes. Followed it into the outer area of the some sort of engineering section.
Back then, John had believed Sherlock could do anything.
"I've got the captain's com signal," said Sh'Alaack. She guided them between several buildings. The quaint rural charm rendered chilling in the darkness and the trail of unconscious figures groaning against walls. Not that everyone was unconscious.
Not when his source clearly indicated that there were Federation scientists studying plate tectonics on the same world. As if there was a profit to be had in the movement of rocks. Rule 23. "Nothing is more important than your health… except profits."
"Excellent. Can't think what Internal Affairs was thinking trying to… never mind. A mistake." Th'Azetron snapped his fingers and one of the aides handed him a tablet. "Now to more important matters. He displayed the image of three Andorian infants. "Thanks to your and Lieutenant Hebron's research on the Bakerstreet, I am a proud grandfather. My clan is growing in numbers for the first time in five hundred years."
The girl said, "Miri. I'm Miri." She rubbed at the snot running from her nose. "But you can't fix. That's fibbing. Grups said in the before time that they could. But all the grups went wayside. We onlies had to hide till they died. Now the only grups are when one of the olders of the onlies passes over." She scratched at her lesion.
The child took the tricorder in their hands. With a few deft turns of the controls, they were scanning the grass under their feet. The rows of gardens beyond. Bihr. "You're different," said the child.
The V1RL87 gene is one that humans share with rodents that detects pheromones. There is such a thing as a vomeronasal organ. That said, the gene could be inactive in humans. The organ is vestigial. In Augments, it's active. Because SCIENCE! And genetic engineering. Course, there's more than one gene associated with pheromone reception, but nothing brings out the flow of a story like a long list of letters and numbers.
He crouched by John, wrapped his mate's arms around him. His mate wrapped his legs around Sherlock. Only yelping a little when Sherlock swung the both of them off the cliff.
"One of them followed up." Another conjecture.
"Take him to the Prince. He'll want to talk to the alpha who lost his beloved John. If he's lucky, the Prince will simply have his executioner kill him. If not… our Prince can be very creative."
"That isn't swaying me to your point of view," said Khatri.
"Because I'm not letting that bastard in my head again. Last time, he tried to erase all my memories of Jame. Tried to claim they were holding me back from real recovery. Jame, best thing I ever did in my life, and he wanted to pluck her out of my mind. He can hound and hound and hound you, until you don't know what way is up. And that room of his…but if you repeat 'No' enough in your head, you can hold onto who you are." His rheumy eyed gaze wandered off to look vaguely at the floor.
He turned to look at John, who was sitting on the floor looking utterly stunned. John scrubbed at his hair. His most common gesture when something was troubling him. "Because it didn't change my RVN." He looked up at Sherlock. "I didn't question that I was in pseudoheat, because this felt exactly like it did when I actually a teenager. Sherlock, I acted out so much in my teens, my parents had to send me to a Catholic school for omegas."
Killander groaned and sat up. "What happened?"
What mattered was making it through the splinter canyons to the Ice Queen's palace where she kept her treasure. They would defeat the evil Ice Queen, and that traitor, Yellowbeard, and get the treasure.
John didn't answer him. He faced Owen. "Mummy, I'm sorry. I know you told me to stay away from Captain Holmes, but he smelled so good." John put his hand on the upper curve of his belly. "I couldn't resist him. He lured me away from the others, got me alone and he… he… he put a baby in me. That's where we were during the alert. Making a baby. I'm so sorry, Mummy! You must be so disappointed in me."
John moved his hand away, while his husband cleaned and cared for his wound. His very adult, very mature, very luscious smelling husband.
Billy didn't let his hand dart up to the communications device. He didn't betray that it was there. He worried as they were transported, but the Klingons didn't pay any attention to it when they were beamed over to the Klingon bird of prey. Didn't look at it when they were shoved into a holding cell.
"Organic material?" asked Sherlock.
Sherlock dressed in the mid-twentieth century three piece suit for the role of Sugar Daddy, per John's request.
"If time allows from my new duties, I believe that we should form a band."
Per Sherlock's suggestion, they met in the galley. An area that had long since lost its initial utilitarian feeling as it was part of Khel's earliest redesign efforts in common crew areas.
"I've also observed that the relationship is a physical one," said Sherlock pressing on.
"Maybe, I should go," said Lucy. "The captain will probably figure it out in a few hours."
The room took shape again and they were not on Andor.
"Watson," said Donovan, "Look at her hand."
The alpha climbed out easily enough. She crouched at Sarabeth's feet, alternating between rubbing against her and Vesha's legs.
"What's Flopsy going to do?" asked Eva, her little face serious.
"It was not the only reason," said his Mother calmly. "As you noted, the Breen had more than one problem that they came to us with, one of which we have yet to resolve. If I tied a possible cure in with the child they expected me to send back, all the better encouragement for them not to interfere in your return."
Mollyhoo looked at the bone milk soup, which since she'd been busy for the last several weeks, she didn't yet know about the wooly horned things. Her eyes widened looking at Sherlock, opened her mouth to ask questions. Closed it. Nodded. Said, "Here baby, drink some of this. It's good for you."
"Unlikely," said Stonn.
She braced herself for the inevitable question. "How is the research going?"
He ran fingers down the side of his clothing if only to make the omega follow the movement with their warm wonderful eyes. "My clothing has seams. Yours does not."
They were going to do this.
Which could only mean one thing.
Brittanus tenderly wrapped little Sherlock in a blanket.
And wasn't that a delight learning that his ex had been tapped to run the Second Fleet's MASH units, but given the options it did make a certain amount of sense.
However, since try as he might, John could not get Sherlock to admit to his own desires, he did his own investigations. He made, as it were, a list.
There's a couple of reasons for this. A) John is twenty in the first story and I need him to be at a different point in his life before we get to the end of the journey with this verse. B) At month five of writing these, I realized I'd hit 250k words and not only had a lot of main plot to deal with, but a number of fun, but not plot relevant stories. So I consolidated and pulled out a few. You've seen references to a lot of them in the form of one paragraph teasers about off screen adventures. Some day if I want to go back and fill them in, I'll have gaps in the timeline to put them in here.
"They want Augment Superiors," said Fenrir. She tapped her own chest. "But they can't have them anymore with Augment Inferiors like us."
They made their face be stone. "I am not your love. I am not your anything. I don't love you. I just met you." Alexis stood up. "You're an entity pretending to be a god."
Mollyhoo shouted.
Mollyhoo waved her arms at Vesha. "If he'd wanted her dead, she'd be dead. John's an excellent shot."
He had to.
He pounced on that source. Soon they were grappling with each other. Scratching. Teeth scraping skin. Catching moans with mouths. John pushing back against Sherlock. Thundered against the naked steel of the outer hull wall. There was no sound in space. Although, anyone standing near the door would have heard their shouts and groans. The sound of their bodies slamming rhythmically against the bulkhead.
All four of her parents had died in the anti-matter chamber.
"Harry, calm down," said John. He'd never seen her so worked up. Not even when she'd flung her gender ring at him with its mask for tragedy.
She loved his little smile. The few strands of grey he'd programmed into his hair. She just loved him. It was all a bit awkward, totally unplanned, and yet something that had been on her mind since Vi's wedding, but she got down on one knee, because if she was doing this, she was doing it. "Julian, will you marry me?"
"This is my fault," said Billy.
Cloning labs. Shipyards. That took heavy industry and the Klingons have been hitting the Cardassians pretty hard for over a year.
He'd always been fond of referring to his body as transport, but he was feeling an increasing sense of panic given that his transport appeared to be missing.
Sherlock chanted. "Live. Live. Live. Live."
He got a picture of what had happened as he worked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. It would seem that Mycroft had finally alerted Grendel that he had nearer progeny to hand than ones separated from him by ten to fifteen generations. With the armor and voice modulators it could even be Grendel for all Sherlock could tell. "I don't know. If you had any powers of observation you'd see I've been stuck in a mine for the last month. However," because it was important to be clear on the next point, "before I would let either of them leave with you, I would need Billy's assurance it's what he wants."
Alignment. "The 1
But Bihr had been assigned a task and she might not be brilliant or beautiful, but she finished what she was assigned to do. "He wanted me to tell you he loves you and holds you in his heart."
She backed away so quickly, she almost fell. "Air filtration on full." She moved as far back as she could. "Captain," she said formally to remind him of the obligations of rank, "you shouldn't be near me or John. Your scent could cause either of us to go into heat."
Julian might have been shut out of the holo emitters, but he was still on.
"Are they gods, sir?" asked Winters.
Whether an ovum was present or not, the faster cruisers consistently carried out the healing work that he'd seen in tests. That was easy to verify. A cut on his right arm and a call for Sherlock to come over for a late night visit. Satisfying and a cure for all injuries.
She jumped through the flames and leapt on the lead alpha's back, stabbing at him with her stone knife. She didn't hit an artery. Just meat. Slow bleeding. He slammed back against a wall. She held on. Yelling. He slammed back again. Ripped her off with one hand and flung her against a pillar.
"But it had to be have been the creature," said John. "You heard what Lucy said about what happened before. An intelligent creature that stole the nuclear pump thing once, and it did it again."
By looking at the results of the GWAS, John knows he'll be able to analyze particular drugs that will say, turn off juvenile heat in Connor or allow his body to regulate when he goes into heat. This is the future, so the results of this and other research John will not be focusing on will be given away for free.
Alignment. I am also not on thin ice, which is where you are standing." Owen looked at the alpha with the most un-Owen like look of disdain that Sally could imagine. "Didn't you look at the DNA profile of the pet that was brought in?"
"Oh, I'm sure you got up to so many hijinks. Twins. Switching places. Causing confusion. Harmless fun. Pity Harry couldn't be at your wedding. That was the picture I saw. Your mother was kind enough to show it to me. You in such a lovely suit and with such a handsome husband. Pity he couldn't join you. Tour our facility while you caught up with Harry."
True anonymity was something that Section 31 didn't believe in.
"Fuck."
"Not you too," said Sherlock, who was beginning to feel aggrieved by the universe.
"That's not why I'm sad," said Connor. Eva's hand was warm in his. Her scent was comforting. He'd seen her grow from just a baby, who could only shout, "No," into his friend. He was going to miss her. His belly felt extra rumbly.
"Can you open your eyes?" She nodded. There was some pupil dilation. Stun shock. Given her age, she was more vulnerable to heart issues at even the lowest stun setting. Nerve disruption was another world of medical issues. He patted her shoulder. "You'll be fine. Let me get you some water." There were no cups, so he used his hands to bring her what he could.
"What? Do you people just lurk back here hoping some idiot comes out," said John. He grabbed a board off the ground and hit the Ferengi with it. Which would have been fine, but it seemed the Ferengi had friends. Several of them. John was giving himself even odds of being shipped to wherever the fuck they sent omegas for sex trafficking, when a hooded figure dropped from the top of the building.
"Eva, you should let Doctor Watson rest," said Lucy.
Then it was time.
Connor would miss hearing about all the ways they could explore the universe from a lab. It had sounded nice. Connor would miss that when he had to leave.
John insisted that he choose and design the scenario, not keep having John design them based on parameters from Sherlock.
John levered himself to his feet. Sherlock lifted him up out of the tub and put him down next to his clothes. "We can't waste time on this again." He looked over at where Sherlock's body, his physical self, was standing by the wall. "Your body is dying."
"The paper weights we sell to chump tourists?" said a miner.
Retrofitting the Uterine Replicator was theoretically extremely difficult and had taken every scientist within the Breen Confederacy over twenty years to design. They weren't him.
John called Sherlock every single name he could think of. That included Elizabethan swearing.
By now, Sherlock would already be on their trail.
Wet flesh slapping flesh. The knot growing bigger, better each time it breached inside John.
Still, as he looked at the familiar blue of the Transporter Room Cloud, John felt himself relax.
But it did mean he was awake when Killander stormed onto the bridge demanding, "What's the meaning of this?"
Billy said, "Hello, John." he glanced back at where Connor was doing his homework quietly. "Is there something you need?"
Still they reached a holding area. There were dozens of roughly dressed beings of a dozen races pushing equally ragged looking folks in restraints toward Breen scattered throughout the room. "Here we must part," said the daimon. "And thank you for allowing me to doubly profit from the venture."
How John had raged and cried that he wanted to be more than just a broodmare when the marks on his neck turned red again. Had only ever faded to a sort of pink. When Sherlock realized what the change in John's scent meant and had gotten on the floor so John could kick him. Walk on him with sharp heels. Whatever he wanted. As long as he forgave Sherlock.
Sherlock slowly slid John out of his clothes. Peeling them off as if removing an old skin that John didn't need. As if John were infinitely fragile. He was less careful about his own disrobing.
It was why he looked away. He needed to steady himself on his fixed point.
John said through gritted teeth. "Nom stopped me before I could take my pill." Not entirely accurate about what he'd intended to do, but a good summation.
Shrilaas wrinkled her face. "Eww."
John allowed the timeline to resume its normal path.
"Unless you're the ones carrying out the sabotage," muttered Sherlock.
"Yes, but," Lucy brushed her hand in Eva's hair. "I've been talking to Ms. Hudson and I need you and the other kids to be big kids and give up some of your toys."
The omega said, "That uh… felt familiar." Cum was splattered on both bellies. "We maybe didn't think that through. Let's see if we can find some other clothes."
"Ngh," said Billy.
"Here," she said. "Just as glad not to have been stunned again. But I am just an elderly old woman with a child." Billy thrashed on a bunk next to John. Hudson said, "Billy calm down. Connor is on the bunk with me. He's fine."
Chin thought rapidly. "Meet me in three Terran months. Meet me on Beta Augurae." She'd never specified a location. Always let Billy chose the location, but if Chin's arguments failed, perhaps there was someone else who could convince Billy.
"It's okay. We've survived worse. We'll survive this." Billy's expression was shuttered.
"There was a distress signal shortly after you and Doctor Watson went into the holodeck," said Donovan. "It was our responsibility to answer it. Hudson was completely out of fucking control when we entered the system. I was forced to relieve her of duty."
"As if traveling in a dekyon storm could cause quantum fractures of that size!" said a Breen in white piped armor. "The energy alone…"
He reminded himself that he was on a personal mission and asked the question. "Can I have your permission to look at your genomic data on record?" Without her permission, or a genuine medical emergency, John wouldn't be able to access that section of her records.
Leaving Billy alone to think. To rewind his memory to what the doctors had been talking about.
The only thing that had kept Sherlock going at all was the thought that maybe, just perhaps John was headed to the Guardian of Forever. That this was the moment he'd known, hoped, fondly imagined many times. Not under these circumstances. Never these. He hadn't sent a ship to find out. Searched everywhere else for the negation.
"Which is where?" asked John.
They were halfway to Earth when the Defiant's chief engineer came to John in some distress. "Please, you've got to do something about Commander Holmes. He's started talking about upgrading the engine." She shook her head. "Our engine doesn't need an upgrade. I don't understand half of what he and Lieutenant Yao are saying."
"Uncomplicated it," said Billy. "Uncomplicated it for me."
"Fuck off. Can't you tell he doesn't want you?" said John, feeling goatish and angry and who the fuck did this curly haired fuck think he was touching John's Sherlock. John cupped his hand around Sherlock's to remind him that he belonged to John. That he was John's to fuck and breed. He bent down and whispered that into Sherlock's ear. Sherlock sighed. Leaned into his hand. His robe thing doing little to hide his pretty little arousal. To hind the unfolding scent of an omega going into heat.
That John was naked in his lap, tactile skin against skin, was also quite delightful. Their second coupling of the night was messier than the first, but entirely nourishing to both of them.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Importance_of_Being_Earnest
"The Breen have their own concerns, which it would seem we can neither resolve." Grandfather moved around the small table to sit next to Connor, something he couldn't have done for over a year. "Nor can they resolve our issues."
"Sholto didn’t approach me. I'm the one who initiated that relationship. Just like I'm the one who initiated a relationship with you. According to my sister I'm a cock slut who likes arsehole cocks. But what I start I can…"
She had not told the children yet how their grandparents had died. That could wait until they were older.
A wave of hot then cold swept through his body. Dizzying. Every other time, they'd just not talked about it. Pretended nothing was happening. Except the time Sherlock had felt the only way he could ask John if he wanted children was to turn himself into a child. Except the time he'd tried so desperately to have them himself.
Donovan and Washington came into sickbay with their phasers drawn. "What is going on here?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"As I said, we are coming to that conclusion." Grandfather paused. "There has been so much occurring this last year, I hesitated to tell you, but the Khans have decided to discontinue our purchase of our grandchildren from third parties."
Then he played Leider. Suppressed a reaction as John worked Sherlock's cock into his mouth while Sherlock played.
Shroleb had left the Bakerstreet many times over the years for visits home. Book tours.
Mollyhoo and Sarabeth at least seemed to understand. Mollyhoo coming slowly given her condition with a smaller version of the boom stick that he'd shown her how to build. "Toby!"
"Yes." A simple answer. Water in eyes that didn't need to cry. Hands lifting her and kissing. A lot of kissing.
"Hunerd year old tech gonna fail," said Schmitter.
John exchanged a glance with Lucy. She nodded wearily at him. He could just make out the shift in her scent through his own. They were both in pseudoheat. The years long process where the Rybo-Viroxic-Nucleic acid in their DNA did the work of telling their systems to mature into adulthood, and which mimicked many of the physical symptoms of heat.
It had taken Sherlock some time hacking into Memory Alpha to even determine the existence of a world like this. But knowing that there were wormhole aliens who existed outside of time and that it was possible to travel through time – if inexactly – through the cold start of a warp core while moving rapidly around a star, and that the Breen had developed their own form of this technology, then it was probable that Starfleet had encountered time travel before. It was simply a matter of breaking into the records that documented the encounter.
Sherlock looked at him with a very odd expression. Sorrow and surprise, and just a bit as if he thought John was still suffering the effects of time dilation. "John, the Breen in red was Mycroft." He laughed with no humor. "To a certain way of thinking, I am a Breen. We all are."
"First cousin, thirteen times removed," said Grandfather, who had figured out before everything fell apart that the idea made Connor laugh.
The Klingons smiled at each other happily.
He arranged for Billy and Connor to stay with Shroleb and the twins. Khatri came over and made soup. When he left, Connor was very gravely playing with toys far too young for him with the older twins on the floor.
Billy laughed again. If a little hysterically that was fine. It was fine. They were going to torture him psychologically. Make him think he was drowning. Since he'd actually been dropped in a vat of water by Green's Doctors, he was happy to see the cloth. He'd laughed the same way when Hudson warned him that anyone could be broken. He knew that. He'd given up several safe houses within a week of being taken by Colonel Green. He'd have said anything to make the stop. To keep them away from Connor. He made up safe houses. He agreed to any allegation. He'd been a terrible liar.
"Ah," said Lurin. He winked at Sherlock through his facemask. "Then you will work hard in the mines or there will be consequences for your son."
He scrambled to strip off the rest of their clothes and jumped on the bed that appeared. His hand firmly on his mate's wrist to ensure he wouldn't go anywhere, but where John wanted him.
Sherlock couldn't go to examine the remains or the scene. Examine the nuclear plant.
Sherlock shivered in John's arms.
Sherlock cruelly yanked out of his mate's body.
"I see that," said Stonn coming to a halt. "However, visual confirmation is good." He nodded at Ishros and Shroleb. "Thank you. Come Sestre, we should depart for our quarters."
Eva pulled away and looked at Connor, cause that was 'xactly how she felt. Xactly! "I feel like I'm going to fall."
Sherlock was on the bridge. As soon as he saw John, he ducked into his ready room.
Sherlock didn't say that John had been missing many shots from the ledge near their nests. It was not because he lacked the words.
Jim jams!
"Yes," John smiled fondly at the members of his pride. There had been others once. Vague memories of beeps and flashing lights. A dark lady with clay in her braids. A blue woman with a flute. A silver haired woman, who cared. Fog memories. This was his pride now.
That wasn't the way John had gone.
"I met the Khan once," said Deanna dully. "There was a proposal that as my Mother was the daughter of the Fifth House, holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed that he and my older sister should marry." Deanna eyes were focused on something in the middle distance of regret and her mother's suicide. "I wonder sometimes if she hadn't rejected him, if Betazed would have been spared."
Mollyhoo said, "Sherlock, you need to let me look at that injury." There was blood on Sherlock's chest. She'd seen the knife slice into him. A deep cut too. But she didn't see a wound. "I don't understand. There's blood, but no injury. Sarabeth, am I seeing this right?"
He said, "Computer, one humidifier." When the green tube appeared on the table, Sherlock stared at John as he pulled it through the f-holes in his violin. Imagining John sliding through other holes. As he worked it through the wood, he described how it was moistening the wood. Keeping it supple. The music lush. For John. How he could use the violin to fuck John's mind through his ears.
Sherlock nodded absently as Hudson read the news at the morning briefing. Any gaps in reports were there for a reason. Commendations would require fewer classified missions.
Fortunately, John had seen reason and agreed that it was really more Mummy's fault since they must have known John would be constantly in heat until his late teens as a result of carrying the genes for Juvenile heat syndrome. Sherlock had spent days examining the evidence and presented the results to John, heart pounding in his chest hoping against hope. John had kissed him and smiled and removed the various clamps and told him that they'd just have to think of something. His eyes shining with the belief that Sherlock could come up with a solution for this.
"Do you know how to fight? Shoot a phaser? Survive in the wilderness?" Not that she knew, but she had read Robinson Caruso. "Get revenge on an arch enemy? Fence with a sword?" That last one she did know how to do, or at least the kind that looked good on stage.
She laughed in his face. Pulled back her hair and shifted in her seat, and for a moment, John was sitting across from him. The scent was wrong. She had John's blue eyes. She had John's hands and finger prints. She let the hair fall. "All I had to do was not be myself. Talk to this or that engineer and crawl through endless miles of tunnels."
"Fine, John can go over basic biology with all of you at those Augment meetings that John is always leaving me to go to. Waste of time." He looked away from her and it was like a heavy gravity planet had looked away. A star. She already felt lighter. He said, "There are other sources of information that may be more useful. I have access to some of the original scientists' records, and… other much more extensive research on Augment physiology. Although… it may not be entirely useful given genetic divergence."
John kept an open channel for Sherlock to ping him if needed.
Sherlock wasn't interested in looking through records for something that wasn't there. It was not as if the Breen had logged in as visitors when they'd absconded with Mummy. It had been a covert operations.
"This way," said Sherlock. "The shuttlepod was moved to the center of Baskerville. When last I saw it, the shuttlepod was surrounded by the majority of the inhabitants."
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Image_in_the_Sand_(episode)
Still, because of her connections, she could visit Eva once a week. Eva could stay with Sh'Alaack's family. Eva could have a sense of stability with friends she knew. Parents she trusted. An environment she was familiar with.
"By kidnapping them," said Connor flatly with all the scorn that at a twelve year old could muster, which was a lot. "Enslaving them. Calling them Inferior. Not to mention any of the ones that aren't from England, North America, or Brittan aren't being returned to their families. If my friend my Eva had been on that shuttle, where would you have taken her? I was what… a KB19. Khan Brittanus. She's from South Africa. Would you have put a number on her arm?"
John told himself that it would fine. He picked up a bag with a few medical journals. Repeated it was going to be fine. Went to join Sherlock, because where Sherlock was going, John was going and that was how it was going to be full stop.
John told himself it was true.
"Now," Sherlock's fingers squeezed of their own volition. Needing contact with John's skin. His scent. His heat. All of him. "After the war is won and the Federation is safe, you're to return to me immediately or I'll do something very rash. Is that understood?"
"Seems reasonable," he agreed. Who was he to disobey such a delightful command? Especially when his master whispered about kilometers of legs and a lovely arse as he removed the clothing. With no command to remove it, he left on the cinch.
His younger self slid around a corner into a gymnasium full of equipment. It was evident that he'd used the equipment frequently. His younger self trained and he trained often.
Sherlock did not ask John to stay this time. He didn't prepare logical arguments.
"I need to pick up Eva," Lucy told the floor. She got her seedlings and went.
All while shared certain truths with the other Khans. Concealing others. Mycroft knew Mummy was right, Noonian at least would never have agreed and then where would they be. Frozen in sleep. In Mycroft's case, he wouldn't exist.
Second Father said, "She broke you."
Another thrust up. "Please, I, sir, don't you want to take me with your enormous cock?"
"Huh," said Smith. "That's... um... special."
The Khans had allied with the Cardassians and the Romulans to carve up Federation territory. While what remained solidified behind new borders. Deanna Troi, a half Human-Betazed refugee had a good many details about all of it. Her mother, a prominent Betazed politician, had advocated for Human resettlement in Nu-Federation territories, and fell in love with the Human transporting the refugees. Human Normals only. She'd glanced at him worriedly. "The Khans didn't allow anyone with so much as a drop of Augment genetics to leave their territory. As you know."
"But you said they shouldn't…"
Unless it was to fight.
Julian laughed. "Your temper certainly is still in there." He put his hand on John's shoulder. "Unfortunately, there's very little I can give you to ease your symptoms."
Terellhoo of the 22
Perhaps that's why he had John come down with him to Amerind to discover just why it was populated with Humans from various Native American tribes. With monoliths that were apparently used to ward off asteroids. Perhaps landing in what for all appearances was a recreated Cuzco of the Incan empire had been a poor choice.
"No, no, no. I didn't mean that. Nothing like that." John took a seat to steady himself. So he wasn't looking down at Sherlock. He licked his lips. "I mean that every time, I've gotten," he could say the word, "pregnant there was microscopic scarring. Additionally for each successful implantation there was micro-chimeric transfer of genetic material from the um…" he cleared his throat of the frog taking up residence there and dashed at the water taking up space in his eyes, "blastocysts through my uterine wall." He laid down a tablet and spun it round so Sherlock could see the scan. "I'm a patchwork of genetics in the tissue around my reproductive system. You're in my lower intestine. Left kidney. Left ovary," he gave a sad smile. "Much of the lining of my endometrium is ah… noticeably denser and has highly regenerative qualities that even a heavy cruiser can't do anything about. The same is true for any ovum produced by my left ovary. They're just too dense to penetrate. That's why my um… fertilization rate was down too."
Sherlock blinked at Moriarty.
Bihr held up the gaudily wrapped present. "Thil forgot something."
John was too far to get the jump on the Ferengi. John rapidly switched gears. "I've been hiding. Please, I don't feel well. I need to get to sickbay."
John felt something soft and twisty at his heart at the thought. He stroked Sherlock's hair. "Sherlock make babies with you. Yes."
With a defined problem, John focused on reducing the ways the anyone could get into the valley. A few well-placed brick walls once they figured out bricks and mortar. Stakes. He only managed one pit trap. Even with plenty of food from Sherlock's and his hunting, they were too hard to dig and consumed too many calories that could be spent making more complicated things than a hole in the ground.
Sherlock did not compose a sonata about the joy it would be to be married to John that caused the attending crew not deaf from listening to the Bad Band to weep. Fine, he did.
"Your Majesty, summoned me?" He kept his eyes down. Blood staining his cheeks. "How may I please you?"
Sh'Alaack said, "I will contact you through the communicator when my place is secure at the palace." Neither of them said that she might be found out almost immediately. Neither of them said anything about Ishros and Lestrade's doppelgangers or speculated on their own. There were a lot of things they weren't saying
"Oi," said Prince Sparkles. He started to giggle. "What is Supersmart wearing? Is that his name Supersmart, because he's a super tart?"
Which had John frowning trying to remember where he'd heard the name, until Hunter said, "That's where the old nation state government of the United States developed their nuclear program and then their Augments program." Which yeah, that was what John had been trying to remember.
Almost overpowering. He ignored the replicators despite sensations of hunger and thirst as he searched rooms for John.
John looked at her wearily and said, "Magic Cock." He rinsed his mouth with water from a pot. "Magic Cock," which she really wished he would stop saying.
Lestrade scraped a hand back through his silvery hair. "After the cluster-f on Auberj, I asked for diplomatic duty for a while." He looked around. "This is a far better occasion anyway. Opening relationships. Theater." He frowned. "Any idea what has Commander Holmes so obsessed with security at this event. The only ones with access to the site are Starfleet personnel, Federation and Tamarian ambassadors."
When they were done, the sun finally set with a flash of green on the horizon. There was time to cuddle Sherlock against his front, before Vesuvius belched fire. It was slightly disconcerting to be snatched up in arms that didn't look strong enough to hold him and yet be held. Sherlock jumped from the second story of the building and ran for the sea. Behind them there was the smell of Sulphur, and John really hoped nothing had gone wrong with the safety controls, because he didn't like the idea of dying on Sherlock's birthday.
A kid from Slytherin snickered at the back before shuffling out. "Watson's gonna get it."
He did not ignore Donovan when she hit him over the head with a shovel. If Sherlock hadn't been awake for several weeks, he wouldn't have fallen unconscious.
The omega said, "Yeah, I woke up in the hallway in front of a door. Connor was in the rooms inside. As to me, I've been going by G." The omega held up their arm revealing a black and gold tattoo. It read GR3ND3L-12.2. Followed by the playful image of a monstrous creature smelling a flower. "Connor has a tattoo on their arm too, but it doesn't look like mine. Do you have tattoos?"
The likelihood of getting out of the neutral zone was greatly increased if they knew what they were doing.
"What are you on about?" asked John.
Veema rolled their eyes. "Yes, well, the final moments were the most important ones and those really were random chance." She smiled tightly. "If some alignments had shared earlier what they knew, we could have ensured you better prepared for your journey," Veema glanced at the red Breen, "But it all ended up well. We will hold the Conchordia Ancestrum until you arrive in the future to tell us to stop."
Sh'Alaack frowned, "But you're being moved to Tranquility base near Terra. Sol System planetary defense. I thought that was because you are a single parent to a young child."
"Sherlock asked me to marry him."
Marymor hissed as she generally did when someone mentioned Sherlock, which spoke to a level of cognitive function that Mollyhoo hadn't thought the unprepared had before John and Sherlock had shown up. She really did miss her quiet clean morgue sometimes. Sarabeth sat next to her and kissed her cheek. Mollyhoo leaned into her while still rubbing Toby's belly with one foot. It was hard to tell which one purred more at the touch.
Bashir laughed and started talking about a paper he'd read about neuro-restimulation in patients with spinal issues.
He went back to their quarters.
Vesha laughed softly as if not to frighten the alpha, which was ridiculous. He fell into the alpha's trap by untying his belt and using it as a leash around the alpha's neck. As if the alpha were a pet.
Not this time it would seem. "No, do you want to ask questions or do you want a story?"
But this leaving had him itching to write. There was no time.
Victorious explained why it was logical that he follow Victorious' orders.
Now it was Connor's turn to look at them blankly. To not get the joke. He felt bad, but if he didn't ask, he wouldn't get it next time. "What?"
"Scylla or Charbidis," muttered Hunter.
Most of the omegas had lost their young shortly after Marymor had arrived. Gone into heat soon after. Heat long since come and gone. John crossed his arms and huffed at the omegas who approached the small chamber that John and Sherlock had moved back into after Marymor's arrival. John did have his limits. If they wanted to breed with Marymor or the others that was their choice.
Incorporeal life forms (there's a few in Trek, but I'm thinking)
Sherlock could no longer see thoughts trapped as words faded away.
Euros didn't understand. She knew her siblings played games all the time. Games hunting and foraging. Tactical games. Strategy games. She knew that other children played pretend. She'd heard them. She walked in their dreams since Mummy said they were going to try an experiment, because she'd been doing so well, and let her leave the lonely palace where all the people were illusions.
"But of course. Of course."
John opened his arms so Sherlock could rest his head on John's shoulder. They whispered, "Love you." And "Love you."
"Amazing!" He shook his head at how the alpha was able to glean information out of things that seemed obvious after he said them, but before were nothing he would have noticed.
"Neither of them did," said Stonn, and then unhelpfully added, "This time."
The memories of that particular morose and critical gentleman faded away in warm, pulsing, blue light to be replaced with those of a far more agreeable person.
Now she felt like smashing giant casks of wine. Where exactly Dionysus had gone, she couldn't say. She swung a large branch and cracked another cask. Swung and swung. Whispering fiercely to the liquid, "My ancestors never worshipped you. The Queen of the West would never have done this."
The larger reason had been raised by Elise's last visit with them when the Bakerstreet last put in – with some effort on Sherlock's part – on DS9 while she was there. She'd talked about wanting to visit Baskerville to see if there was a suitable space where the troop could put on the occasional performance as part of the prisoners' rehabilitation.
To feel a connection. Perhaps to find out a way to bring up a discussion of perhaps trying again.
Which there was a lot of.
Sh'Alaack had brokenly told Sherlock, "Sir, I thought if I guarded over the Ambassador, I would be able to prevent anything occurring. I would see the truth in the plays." She had managed to convince the engineers pressed into lighting and sound duty that she had been sent to help them. "I thought…" Sh'Alaack shook her head, "But when they began the play about one of Andor's greatest heroes, and that monster was to play him, it was all I could do to restrain myself to disruption. I should have cast the theater area into darkness."
Mummy shook their head. "Far too many variables and disagreement among them. They settled on creating the conditions. Enable as many Augments as possible living on Earth to survive Green's purges. Not that they haven't been on the lookout for your husband. They got a little annoyed with Grendel, but they…" Mummy shook their head, "have a deep faith in genetic destiny." Assumed a droll expression. "It would seem to be why they are so patient about the resolution to their self-inflicted biological problem."
Sherlock hadn't come into the shop with any intention of getting anything. He should be focused on any method he could think of to distract John from even remotely associating Sherlock with the Khans, but there were other ways of distracting John. "Both." Then given Garak's expression, he added, "to be worn in my quarters with my partner."
He could have groaned when ten Breen materialized in front of them. He said, "Go away. You are too late to do anything useful."
Sherlock shuddered as he inhaled and jolted as John parted his legs to wrap them around Sherlock's willowy body. Brushed nothing more than the balls of his feet against Sherlock's lovely little cock. Gripped him tight between his thighs and held him as Sherlock jolted in a sudden release that had him crying out like one of the holographic gulls flying overhead.
Ishros popped his back as he stretched.
"I've already taken care of that." Odo tilted their head. "And the others."
So nothing at all like a giddy teenager in a drama when he'd actually been a teen.
His mum continued, "I haven't done much convincing for the last year either. Not exactly what I expected when we came here." He looked at Connor. "There's also something there hasn't been time to tell you yet." His face was lit with the golden light of the room behind them. "The Federation has gone to war with the Dominion-Cardassian alliance."
The twins put their heads together as they tried to remember the name of the planet and made some suggestions. Mr. Shroleb said, "That's not quite it. Remember I showed you vids of it last week."
"I don't know, honey. We covered a lot of ground since they got here. Reinventing distillation, pickling, some basic architecture, agriculture, medicine, and…" Sarabeth waggled her eyebrows, "sausage making. Such big thick hard sausages."
Donovan said, "Fucking, Trelane."
John could reassure Sherlock about his parents, because… it wasn't that. John honestly didn't care about that. He waved a knife to let Sherlock know so he could get to what he was trying to say. "We had some part in breeding a race that… I guess wiped out the native species on a planet, bombed that own world into a nuclear oblivion, and have been fighting all comers ever since." John put the knife down, because he was not regenning his eyes. Blinked for a fair bit. "But, Sherlock. We have something good." John grabbed his Sherlock's hands. Willed Sherlock to believe him. "I love you." A true thing. Fragile and strong and just fucking true.
His mummy screamed Connor's name from across the promenade. For once, he wasn't afraid.
"But Father, how am I to advance in my studies if I am not allowed access to equipment in Engineering or the laboratories."
Didn't want to see his own in the mirror.
"Fuck, we have to be carriers," said Donovan. Which might be true. It might not.
Exactly as he'd remembered.
Yellowbeard was thinking about building a fire if there was anything to burn, when Redbeard burst in the wide front door. "Traitor! Mutineer!" He had a serrated tusk in his hand. It was slick with something yellow and greasy.
"With our friends on the Bakerstreet," insisted John, who felt they needed to have some semblance of a ceremony. "I get the impression they've been trying to push us out of the nest for the last week."
Sherlock blinked water clumped lashes. He looked very young for a moment. Sherlock nodded. "Yes. I… as long as John… yes. Help." Ducked his head under the water. Looked at John with shiny eyes. Bright as candles. "Babies." He quickly kissed John's cheek and hid his face in John's neck for an embarrassed nuzzle.
Dionysus laughed. "I'll ask Ganymede for forgiveness, for it was I who suggested kidnapping him and so set in motion the events that doomed his city, doomed us to leave. But I'll ask for none from you, who journeyed here of your own will knowing the wilderness is wild."
Sherlock drew in a shuddering breath and John reached down. Sliding his fingers over Sherlock's collarbone. Vulnerable as a bird's wing, for all that John knew that even at this age Sherlock was incredibly strong. Durable. Luscious. Red full lips open wide and pulling in a deep breath. Holding it and letting it go.
John sighed and said, "I lied. I thought the sex in the first half of 'Demon Seed' was hot."
The moment they beamed down, there was Dionysus holding out cups of wine in a cypress lined grove.
It was a last resort that would made John very angry with him, but it was there.
John was still trying to decide what he thought about it all.
John handed out the face masks. "You all should wait to see that the dust had taken effect." He and Owen went straight to a tiny closet two decks down. Owen hooked up the pollen to a small finned panel. Owne flipped a switch. It looked like nothing had happened.
John tried to glare at Sherlock, because at the moment, he couldn't help but think that this was Sherlock and his magic fucking cock's fault, because fair was something he didn't feel he needed to be when being invaded. "It wouldn't. If it were just one."
Or that John knew what he was doing.
But all dice came up wanting.
Eva giggled.
Although, the number was John's contribution. A genetic pre-disposition for high order magnitude pregnancies and a Normal Human average immune system, supplemented by magical healing cock.
Monster. Another echo of Colonel Green. But Green was dead. Whoever Killander was, he was not Green.
For some. For some like John, immense wealth and power was gathered into his hands.
"Put that down," said Stonn, emotion making his voice waver. "The Horta are an intelligent species. We have already done so much damage to their people. Killed so many of them. The Horta should have been protected under Federation law. This world should not have been designated for colonization."
Course, that was why she'd waited until the third trip to ask to see the warden. In case she was letting old memories to get away from her.
"What is wrong with you?"
"You can have the entire Bakerstreet engineering team," said Lestrade. He'd been going to offer anyway. The Bakerstreet was one aging ship. He needed to get dozens of battle worthy ships in the field.
Sherlock used the showers in the gym, replicated a fresh uniform, and went to the cargo bay. Determined to solve this and quickly.
That was when she noticed that it was practically empty. She had been a bit enthusiastically liberal with it in her fun. "Make that definitely." She put down the bottle and pulled out a knife that she'd confiscated earlier, and waited.
But ensigns – had he ever been that raw – at least not ensign raw, and been a lieutenant senior grade dammit when he'd been cashiered out.
"Why?" asked John. "It eats rock and makes tunnels. You can follow the tunnels to new deposits. It probably can find useful minerals."
John's little monologue to Tomalak is my little nod to ST:TOS "Enterprise Incident", as much the lines are cribbed from Kirk's explanation for how the Enterprise ended up in the Neutral Zone, as well as Tomalak's own excuses in STNG "The Enemy" about navigational failures.
Noonian didn't answer, but Euros said softly. "They'll freeze me. Will it be cold?"
"We're going to sickbay," said John firmly. Decisively.
Sherlock tried several further lines of questioning but Finney shut him down with a grumpy scowl, and said, "Help an old man up." Sherlock pulled Finney to his feet. "Come on. If you're here to stop Adams, then suppose I'll have to help you. I was a lieutenant once."
"You need to know that… thirteen months ago, I started automatically backing up medical logs. Certain key data points to offsite storage." Sherlock looked up to meet the hologram's gaze. "People had been tampering with my data records." Julian's expression was grim. "All I am is my memories. My program."
Sherlock suffered being once more turned into a beast of burden and muttered commentary on the smoothness of his running. They arrived in the small village that was under the center of the Baskerville dome. The houses were entirely silent. Finney directed him to his quarters. Sliding down from Sherlock's back to prop a solid looking chair against the front door before hobbling up to a second floor bedroom where he picked up an enigmatic looking device.
Sherlock crushed the tritanium panel in his hand from what remained of the starboard side of shuttlepod 221C. While he was strong, he wasn't that strong. Something had affected the metal at a molecular level.
His body struggled in Julian's arms. "Mutiny. He's attacked his own captain. Creating lies about me."
He would have to think quickly. John wouldn't be safe when he went back into heat after he took the afterheat pill. As Sherlock brought down his pickaxe on a vein of vendarite, he set to thinking.
Stonn ignored him.
He could see where Lucy was engaged in a similar discussion with Eva across the waiting area. Then their transport boarding call occurred and it was time to depart.
"Yeah, most kids want to think that."
As was part of the magical alchemy of sex with John, his husband's scent had shifted again as they coupled growing sultry on Sherlock's tongue.
"No," was the very terse reply.
Benjamin met them in the transporter room and promised that he'd be following up with the Starfleet Judge Advocate General.
Could he handle being married? To Sherlock?
Still, she went with Sarabeth to watch her paint her best variation of the image Sherlock and John had requested so long ago. "How did the rock get so smooth?" asked Mollyhoo.
Maybe it was when Harry realizing that she should have been an Alpha. Hormone treatments and their scents no longer aligned.
Protector yelled, "Surrender now and we'll treat you well." There was a rather more accurately aimed phaser blast at a control station across the room.
John said, "Connor's just a kid."
"Not really flirting," said Sherlock holding up the parchment as if it were a shield.
"The creature secretes," Sestre was quite proud of being able to use the word secrete, he hadn't yet had a chance to use it in conversation since they'd studied mollusks, "acid, but it's gone."
Sherlock said, "London. Now that is interesting."
He simply said, "Ready," gave Sherlock a kiss goodbye, and got into the shuttle.
Killers? Carriers for the murder gene?
Then he added more to the Sugar Baby story.
The Breen who had spoken said, "Billy contacted me," which was new information, but per some ridiculous protocol for anonymity they did not remove their helmet.
He had eyes. He had hands. He was able to cobble a simple transmitter in one of the filtration labs, but the range and power were limited. Still, if John came close enough, Sherlock might regain his voice.
Sherlock was screaming inside and he hated her. He hated himself.
At least Mollyhoo had questioned everyone on their family medical histories as soon as she realized what was happening, and none of them had a family history for high order multiples, which was a relief about one thing at least.
"No, we don't mean," Mollyhoo trailed off. "This is so embarrassing. I never knew the matriarchs had to, well, they don't generally face situations like this." Mollyhoo glanced at Sarabeth, her scent sharp with worry. "It was terrible last year. We had hardly any supplies and… um…" she buried her blushing face in her hands. "Well, Toby has a friend in the next valley. It's really just us. And umm… it would be nice if we could be friends with Sherlock," she mumbled through her hands. "I don't think anyone has any STDs if that helps."
As he did much the same to the femoral cuts, he told Victor's corpse, "I did warn you. Fucking with me meant option three stayed on the table." He adjusted one of the tubes, still trickling blood. "I think I mentioned I'm a doctor. That does mean I have a pretty good idea what kills people. Even people like you."
Sherlock felt a sensation in his chest as if a small bird were trapped there. A delicate flutter. Heat continued to bloom in his face. His chest. The chemical cocktail that was love poured by some louche bartender.
Harry put her glass down, not quite catching the edge of the table. It toppled over the edge and shattered. The strong scent of alcohol filled the air. She said, "The One More for My Baby number is like that. Glass everywhere." She started to climb up onto the table. "Let me show you."
"Yeah," John looked down at his hands. Found himself sitting in the chair opposite Harry. "Yeah, we were. Until I went away to school."
"Billy, you've already decided." Hudson's tone was gentle. She knew. Of course she knew.
"I'll put him in with you."
Sherlock leaned closer. Scented John's neck. The vanilla cedar smoke of Sherlock's scent had John's heart racing. "Fine." Sherlock bit out. "But the clothes stay on."
Lucy sighed. "So, Sherlock hasn't come up with any theories."
"Victor?" Sherlock did not like this sensation of standing on uneven ground.
He wasn't her sibling. It didn't have the same meaning. He said, "How did you access the failsafe when Sh'Alaack was working."
His sigh earned him a kiss on top of his head, and arms that pulled him in for a snuggle against Sherlock's warm chest.
"No," said Supersmart, picking up the tablet. They paged through the document. "It's most likely using our own deflector array to rebroadcast the signal throughout the ship." They grinned back at John. "Come on."
"I'm in charge," said the braided man. "I've got all this gold braid on my clothes. And I've got a crown. I woke up sitting in the big chair."
“Go on,” said John. “I’ve got plenty to keep my busy here.”
"But the changes that Hunter programmed into you," said Sherlock, who did not want to repeat himself, but he wanted to understand. He knew himself to be a creation. That Mummy had not done something in creating him that inculcated his love, which in turn could result in a fade that he did not want.
Admittedly, while John had been away, Sherlock had also enjoyed torturing Victor Hatherley. He was aware, he was not an idiot, why John had selected that particular individual as the vehicle by which he left the palace. Why he'd had sex with him. John only did that when he really wanted to upset Sherlock.
Not long after, Sun Liu came in, grey faced, asking theoretically speaking if she had an abortion, if it needed to be on her record. For the theoretical child of an entity, who had drugged her and made her do things she didn't want to do, and whose offspring had somehow resisted the hormones from the after heat pill. That would now steal the calcium from her bones, was making her nauseous, could make her diabetic, give her high blood pressure, eclampsia, had a non-zero chance of killing her, would transfer the genetics from her… from Dionysus into her body through microchimeric transfer, which meant...
Two years later than her expectation and she was heading back by a completely unexpected path. Soo-Lin's identity grown closer to her own identity than she'd expected.
The lift doors opened as they approached, but Sherlock held back. "Adams controls everything in the facility. Why is he letting us escape?"
Sherlock stared at John with all his cameras, which was what he'd been doing a moment before, but now it was with different intent. He did enjoy ensuring John had many orgasms. He always had. From their very first encounter, which admittedly had had a biological component, but it was a solid through line of intent. When he woke John in the middle of the night, it wasn't his own desire, something to trouble him, but occurred equally out of his desire to please John and be pleased.
"Yes, Doctor Frankland," said Harry. There were tears rolling down his cheeks.
Sherlock wondered hazily if the alpha's body had been picked at by scavengers.
She'd been a racing pilot out of Alpha Centauri and it showed in the casual way she made her corners just a bit too tight.
"Checking for familiarity."
Which was great. Sherlock has happy. Nothing to do with John though.
"I don't know who your Mother is," said Bihr. She should be terrified by the conversation. She'd already revealed too much. "Is your mother here?"
Sherlock reappeared at some point with Donovan going on about the children of the corn. They'd acquired several tots in the scraps of old olive green military gear and feral expressions. John handed out more food bars. Earning teary eyed thanks from Miri, and unfortunately, a rather terrifying overture from the ancient kid. This had him blearily turning her down as kindly as possible, before Sherlock swept in and stomped on her romantic dreams. He could have done without Donovan telling her that Sherlock was John’s boyfriend, but Sherlock certainly didn’t help with that impression.
The terrain was different, but he had roamed all over this region five thousand years ago.
"That your mum cooked up some amazing biology." John let out a breath. He brushed his hand along his neck where the marks were, "You know that we've occasionally, well, I… have been…"
His fingers clenched around the phaser. Feeling its smooth weight. He nodded and met Sherlock's eyes. "Lay on Macduff."
Lurin argued that John was a valuable bargaining chip to control the mine's best worker.
Just for that, John, who'd already lubed his cock, gripped Sherlock's rounded arse and pushed inside. He was rewarded with a gasp that wasn't play acting. "Sir! It feels amazing!"
But he wouldn't. John just wanted to be fucked by his husband and he wouldn't. He was nearly thirty years old for Christ's sake! It wasn’t fair!
"Yes, I do not wish to become…" the simile of a decapitated bird that continued to flop around seemed the most apt, but he said, "like I did when I was split in two." It was far worse than the idea of heat, which at least was fleeting. To lose his ability to think, his defining characteristic, himself… it would be a form of death.
"Obviously?"
Washington had also pulled his phaser. He looked at Donovan, who shook her head slightly.
"Fine, Son." His father patted his hand. "Sherlock, he's a good alpha."
He rubbed hand unit 456 against unit 457. Sensors pads on the fingers informed him of the touch, and yet, he couldn't feel it. After a month of touch hungry skin delighting in feeling, he was the moon. A rock. Transport taken away, he could go nowhere.
Took all the younger children that would come with them back to the Bakerstreet, while they waited for medical reinforcements.
The feeling of relaxation warred with gnarled years of thoughts. With the expectation that she was not good enough. Had failed in some important and final way. Warred with compressed anger.
At least Harry wasn't there. At least there was that.
Sherlock did not say, "That's not possible." He did not say any number of things.
"I know the lines of code and their comments, but I don't have access to the thinking behind why certain decisions were made. As it stands so many people had a role in making me, changing my code over the years," he shrugged, "it would be impossible to say at this point."
Sherlock grunted. There was a word he'd always said once. He couldn't find it. He moved a hand to indicate it.
"Oh, but the first rule of doctoring is do no harm. You would know that if you were a real doctor."
Five days and counting down.
Khatri said more calmly than Billy felt, "If I may, I was brought here with a bag. Some yarn. Some knitting needles. I can show you what use I can be." The Klingons examined Khatri's knitting bag.
But Mummy was implacable. More emotional that he had ever seen them, but implacable.
Barely.
And so she applied the same cure to it.
"Yeah, well, I've met the pervy love of my life, and it's the sort thing you'd do before getting me off, which I may have observed that you really enjoy doing."
He'd never felt less like having sex in his life.
No one died. Of course.
He wasn't looking forward to telling Billy. Who'd been tentatively working his way up to asking her if they were serious.
She reached out and picked up a picture of John's parents at one side of his desk. He'd taken down so many pictures in his quarters, but he'd hardly been in his office since everything that had happened had happened.
The pimp in his flamboyant stripped green toga said, "An unconvincing liar. As I was saying, the boy is new, both to slavery and his new trade. He has yet to be… broken to a specialty." The pimp wiped sweat from beneath his thin strands of hair. "Normally, I wouldn't have put him out, but overwhelmed by the honor that comes of your visit, I wanted to give you every choice."
He looked at Sherlock, but Sherlock was already sitting against a wall doing that thing where he disappeared into his head. "Okay, then," said John.
Hunter said, "Everyone on DS9 was pretty happy when the Breen reached out to expand on the treaty from the First Cardassian war to give the Federation a second front during the Second Cardassian War. Major Kira broke out some toxically alcoholic Bajoran liquor."
"With all due respect, Admiral, but while those were quick to build, they were poorly designed and under engineered," said LaForge, whose tone reflected that he'd spent the last decade on a Galaxy class ship, before being transferred to Starfleet Command as part of the current shuffle.
Nom said dourly, "We shouldn't even be on a ship that's ever carried unprocessed vendarite."
A comfortable role.
Melas looked at them. Eyes wide. "Dionysus turned you into an omega."
They did end up going to the bathroom, because Connor insisted it was a good idea before going anywhere.
Which was fine. Soo-Lin talked about bio-nets in some of the newer ships. Sherlock continued to stare at the ceiling. The hours past. No one came. The light levels didn't change. John ended up falling asleep on the floor.
John decided to call the big guns. He called his mum. She was in some sort of space port. "What is it, sweetheart? It'll need to be quick, we're about to board."
Schmitter leaned forward. "F'yeah, trade new air scrubbers that ain't hundred years old and effed, forgive my Galactic, since my grand pappy got 'em back from the tunnel devil, for a few years worth a' mineral rights."
"Oh," said John. Laying on another layer of concrete over the wound. It was certainly something to think about. Even as they all made their way out of the tunnels and back to the colony.
"Moriarty, you expend too many resources for small territorial gains," said Damar. "My people are not expendable." Blah. Blah. Blah. Limited solids. As if the Cardassians existed for any purpose other than to die.
Almost four decades before, three Khans from Earth's insane history, Mr. Mott emphasized the word insane three times with only a small hiss as John cleaned a wound, had shown up on Earth with a Breen fleet, insanely advanced technology, and destroyed Starfleet bases around Earth orbit, the Moon, and Mars. They simultaneously released a recombinant virus that dropped Andorian reproduction rates to nothing without Breen intervention, and announced they'd seeded Vulcan with planet killing bombs. In return for a case by case cure and the promise not to blow up Vulcan, the Khans claimed a massive chunk of the Federation connecting back to Breen space.
His mate should never stop. John needed him to never stop.
The other child, Victorius, was dead. His neck broken. He had other injuries, but that was the main one.
While Pavan shouted, "There are two sites."
"I don't want those garbage scows," said Admiral Willis.
This conversation had no hope of success. Only the certainty of driving John farther away. "Where's the hologram?"
It was such a strange echo of that night so long ago, that John just stared as the figure took on three Ferengi and several seedy looking Klingons. John laughed and joined in the melee. No one died this time.
"No," said Sherlock, pushing at the device wanting to sit up.
Required.
Sherlock somewhat inevitably had charts. He excitedly told John about them as he got his daily shot. The one that kept bruises from healing. That made him susceptible to disease. That kept his body from rejecting the tiny clusters of cells that were replicating a little more every moment.
Sherlock had manufactured a reason that he needed to remain on the Bakerstreet.
"I wish I knew," said Lucy, because she really did. "It's different for Normals. They're the product of random evolution. But for Augments every bizarre thing is there for a reason. Because some scientist thought, hey, this is a good idea, let's make this change and I'm left to wonder why for so many of them. And there are so many. They made us in small lots. Three to five with specific variations. To see what would happen. They never made it to the mass production of super soldiers."
He went down to the Transporter Room Forest. Lucy and Hudson were already there waiting. Hudson on her crutches. Lucy wearing a loose kaftan dress. Clothes that could easily handle a shift in size.
Sherlock kept his eyes determinedly open as he knotted, but it was not easy. Not as he came. Not as they spent twenty minutes simply pulling and moving and gazing into each other.
He tumbled forward into the temple. Into row upon row of Breen in colorful robes.
John eyed the rags in a neat pile on the table. While clothing was occasionally useful for concealing weapons, he found no need for them now. Clothing would only interfere with the only course left to him.
Harry was sober. Painfully raw when she got to the "out, out damn spot" speech.
"The Ballad of Shoeless Klathak," said both Watsons.
There was a noise behind his mother. "That's the boarding call. We can talk when I get to Earth."
As if she cared about that. She raised waved in the direction of the droid that was no doubt monitoring her progress. Somewhere Mycroft was cursing at his inability to control the path of every molecule in the universe.
"Then you may get your wish. He's destroyed my entire operation."
John whispered, "I love you" over and over. Hoped Sherlock believed him. Heard him.
Then again Mummy wasn't fool proof at genetic analysis. Euros was proof of that.
"Honey, that's in the future, where we can get supplements. Treatments to counter the results. I keep telling you that there are reasons for all our traditions. Carrying to term is very difficult."
He would admit that.
He wasn't alone in the fight. Like a good sidekick, Bloody Hands snapped off a shard of ice that she used to stab at the creature that snarled at them in the falling snow. They were experienced pirates. Redbeard knew that. He knew that they could fight and win. But somehow, he was smaller and slower than he expected.
"I had all recordings of the footage from that day modified except that one. Mummy tried to reward the person who saved your life, but could not locate them."
– Drift 2- KB19."
Sherlock leaned against the wall outside of Transporter Room Forest trying to control his breathing. His eyes and mind told him that John's body was that of a child.
John gave Nom a two fingered salute.
If Hudson had emphasized anything, it was to make an enemy work for information. "I'm from Beta Aurigae. Faela quarter. Above the Tondas Bakery." Recently absorbed facts spilled out of Billy. He didn't know much about how or why Beta Aurigae had come to be, but he'd spent a considerable amount of time staring at street camera views of the largest city.
John forced himself to stagger over to the small metal sink at the far side of the room. Splashed some water in his face. Cupped some sips of the stuff into the palm of his hand. The slight coppery tang to the water that made him want to vomit, but he swallowed it down anyway. "Hydrate." It was like speaking through cotton balls, but he forced the words out. "We need to hydrate. We were all stunned."
Across the cave, John tugged on Sherlock's arm. "New nest." He jerked his chin in the direction of Marymor's blood on the cave wall. Which, medical knowledge, instinct or whatever, John wasn't wrong. Marymor's scent couldn't affect Mollyhoo, but it could Sarabeth, "We need to clean up now. Lye soap. Some of the alcohol. The works."
Mollyhoo examined his arm. She examined Fasha's arm. The cut was healed. Not even a mark that it had been there. Fasha still had a small cut.
Soon the whole bunch were trilling at each other. It sounded like he was in a flock of birds, which was a bit more than he was up for at just the moment. He winced.
Lestrade sighed and got a sort of carry on kind of look. "Like the two of you, I'm between assignments. Pleasant for a bit not to be in a chain of command. It can make… I don't know… things, awkward. Fraternization regulations." His eyes darted over both of them. He sighed again, and thankfully shifted topics. "Perhaps they'll let this old war horse go to pasture finally. Let some younger dogs rise up in the pack."
Sherlock opened his eyes. 10,346 cameras clicked into focus.
"I'm not your fucking patient." John snapped the box shut and stomped off with it under his arm.
When the hate entity took over the ship, made everyone fight, and the only solution was love, which meant John went into heat, John told Sherlock, "Let's do this. Put some babies in me."
Donovan stopped. Clenched her hands. "I wasn't going to say anything."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kirpan
Which led to tumbling them both the short distance to the aromatic soil and shimmying his way up John's body. His thighs slick with desire. Sherlock mostly naked and John easy to expose by simply lifting his tunic. Expose his hard cock. Thicker. Longer. With the filling ridge of a knot at its base.
John held up the stunner. "What do you say, Billy? Connor?"
Alexis shuddered. Apollo couldn't be the Greek god of the sun. They knew that. They also knew that they shouldn't be behaving this way within minutes of meeting someone. Anyone. A god. Swept up and sweeping away all good sense.
After Sherlock grumbled and shivered, which was John knew was because he didn't want to get up. He blinked sadly at John and shivered again. John splashed him, but laughed and pushed himself up over the side. Used the wide flat tool to pick up another rock warming in the fire and drop it in the water. It steamed and hissed as it sank.
"Yeah, I'm Benjamin Finney. Lieutenant. I was a lieutenant. I was the youngest instructor in Starfleet history. Me. I was." Finney closed his mouth with a raspy click of teeth.
A girl, young Chin by her eyes and face, skidded into the room. "Why did we come in here? It's boring here."
"So, I'm sorry sweetie. He's already been transferred to the USS Arminius."
While Ishros had been worried that he hadn't answered the genetic counsellor's personality questions correctly.
John indulged in a few minutes of snuggling into Sherlock's warm body and comforting scent. Sherlock snuffled against his neck and shifted his arm over John's shoulders without waking.
John had told him that while carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair while he had Sherlock on the rack. Until it would seem, he hadn't felt that way anymore. A little over a year ago. Not long before John left.
John's face lit up. "That's wonderful, Sherlock." A fleeting kiss. A comforting squeeze of his hand.
Sherlock was not fooled. He bared his teeth to let her know he saw through her plan to be taken into the cave, and be fed and fucked.
"You survived this long. Made pots. Flaked stone knives. That thing where you're using that cave with the cliff opening as a wind chilled refrigerator is dead brilliant." He looked at the far end of the valley. "Speaking of which," he looked meaningfully at Mollyhoo, "Sherlock's back."
Bihr opened her mouth to protest that this was precisely the reason the phase adjuster had been added to the transporter when she was dematerialized with the answering warmth of materialization. The transporter facility off of the Freedom Plaza in the Andorian capital briefly flickered into focus, before stuttering.
They were like shadows all around him. The only real thing was Sherlock.
"Aren't you going to say anything? They say I killed all those people and what for? I… killed him."
"Nothing I've told you about how I feel was a lie." Chin took Billy's hands. "I simply, I can't tell you more than this. Not yet."
His mate's scent, overpowering as a jungle rain, drove Sherlock on. Ripe. Intoxicating. Maddening. Barely enough time between bouts to lick the bite marks Sherlock left on the omega's neck. On his chest. His thighs. Sherlock wanted to mark him everywhere. Needed to. Driven by the intensity of his scent. The feeling of him. The sound of him.
Namely, the more sex John had with Sherlock, the more reproductively successful John was, by a certain definition of the term, successful.
She said softly, "The mission comes first."
Garak had been Obsidian Order, not Section 31. Emphasis on "ex" Obsidian Order. Had been.
They finished their lasagna. Spent the night watching their favorite Tollywood vid on her Mom's tablet.
Sh'Alaack stood up. "Now I shall go back to documenting our systems." Her eyes widened. "I could order McCarthy and Tregennis to do it."
"I thought so. My teachers say you're not. Not like we are, but I've been thinking that doesn't make any sense. My teacher is stupid. Most people are. You're probably stupid, but Daddy says people can't help it. So it's good to know if you're a person." The child tossed the tricorder to her and ran away, to be absorbed into the pack of running children.
As he sat in the Admiralty briefing, it was more than a bit worrying that the third years would be following them in six months. Although, Recruitment's plan to drop the bar for entry into the Academy and offering one year officer training to anyone with an advanced degree made a certain sense.
"Which is why we're upping production on the Avenger and Concord class battle cruisers," said Hahn.
"I…" Billy had no idea. He had done all sorts of research on Beta Aurigae, but it had been to find a place to stay. Things to do there with Chin and Connor. Get a visa from the governor's office.
Caorthannach spilled his nutrient drink on his chest. It nearly bounced onto the floor, spilling more, but Connor caught it. For several minutes they were all occupied getting sponge cleaners. When the mess was clean, Connor repeated the question.
"Yeah." He couldn't help but lean over to press another kiss to the alpha's lips before getting up.
John's scan lit the monitor up like a Duvali celebration. "Augment Inferior. 23
"There was a time you didn’t believe I had a consciousness. A gender." Julian flipped the hypospray and caught it. "We all progress. You know," Julian looked down at the hypospray again, "this is the only ship in the fleet still running their EMH full time. The rest were turned off years ago. Units removed and memory scrubbed in favor of real doctors. So much of me is my memory. It informs the choices I make going forward. It's who I am. No matter who had a say in my programming. But um… I am aware this ship was rated for ten years, so I wouldn't say no to a way to leave the ship if it's ever in danger of being scrapped."
"I am not the one here to be questioned," said Killander, visibly gathering himself. "Now, Commander Holmes, let's start at the beginning when you joined Starfleet. I see there were four records of visits to England. Why did you visit London? I need an account for your every moment."
Some suits for the Speakeasy, which I've yet to go to in SF, but I'm guessing every plot arc isn't a, "Hey, you two should tell each other than you're in love."
John, truth be told, learned a fair bit examining his own body's responses to physical contact with Sherlock.
As they moved out of the concealing brush, Sherlock looked around a bare fallow field. All the fields were fallow. Based on the level of wilding growths, they hadn't been tilled. Had sat empty for over a year. There were none of the activities that should have been occurring in the middle of the day.
"Probably, the Breen," said Donovan.
She yelled at him to fuck off.
"Fact, the Breen are taking egregious advantage of their treaty with the Federation to move into less than productive or abandoned mining facilities throughout the Federation."
Just then, several teenagers holding various weapons dashed into the room. Skidding to a halt at the sight of John and Sherlock and the kneeling crowd.
Doctor Adams had been the medical director at Tantalus. He'd died of a heart attack on Tantalus. Frankland was the present medical director at Tantalus. There was no other correlation between Adams and Frankland.
"I generally am," said Mycroft looking at Sherlock odiously.
His twin let go. She shot past him a silver star, straight and true, into the night sky.
"No." Mycroft's smile was wry. "Even knowing what was at stake, I couldn't."
John put his hand on Sherlock's wrist. "Stay here. We stay." Sherlock stilled, no longer caring if some of the omegas had gone to be bred by other alphas. Not as long as his Omega claimed him.
Sally's immediate response to her transfer orders was to get on the line to Admiral Lestrade himself.
It was a depressing thought.
"Vesha, it's fine. I had Toby. I got a little turned around in the storm that's all." Without the driving rain and even with the smoke, Sherlock could finally make out her scent. As she'd said, she was an omega.
"Children, do not climb the furnishings," said Mycroft tiredly. "There is a gymnasium full of equipment for you to climb. This room is for adults talking about adult matters."
"It's everything," said Veema from the 1
The larger creature hissed at them and Sestre froze. But Connor gently pushed the storage unit forward, tapping the control that would have it gently come to rest on the ground. The larger creature shuddered as it looked inside. It carefully removed the eggs – perhaps they were eggs – and placed them in a small pile beneath a particular rock formation, which was secreting a yellowish goo. Sestre desperately wanted to scan all of them, but didn't dare move.
Billy looked at him levelly. "The brother you tell to sod off whenever he crosses paths with the Bakerstreet."
"I love you too, Mum." Connor kissed his mum's cheek.
"I meant, why are you at the relay station?" Sherlock reminded himself not to make suppositions before the evidence, but that a resident of the penal colony had been missing for some months without followup to the sole location on the planet where he could go didn't speak well for their security practices at a minimum.
Hudson lay quietly on a bunk. He went to check her vitals. Her heartbeat was thready. She whispered, "I suppose this is why field work is left to younger agents. I'm not as young as I used to be."
After tea, he took them to his favorite area on the ship, the observation bubble at the bottom of the saucer.
"What was that?" said Hudson, who might have expected that kind of remark from Donovan, not Hunter.
Which a bit implied that Sherlock would have to naturally age out of his current age in order to hold onto the transfer of John's DNA, but one thing at a time.
"Think! To be a clone, I would have had to create an exact duplicate. While Mycroft's phenotype is the same, I made sure to remove his father’s DNA where I could and replace it with a far more worthy individual’s genetic material."
Sebastian Wilkes sneezed. The ruined city was full of dust and debris. That and the celebrium radiation, which Doctor Culverton assured him was not an issue given their shielding. But it was going to prove to everyone what Sebastian knew down in his bones.
John turned off the backups on the bio computer and ran an analysis.
Grendel looked at it wryly. "If it makes you feel better my son of a later age, hold onto that."
John lifted his own robes, and yanked his jeans and pants down. Kicked them away. The toys were wrong. False. Not what he wanted. He tossed them at Sherlock, who caught them, hissing as they touched his skin. Sighing. A hitch in his breath.
Some nights John realized that Sherlock had stretched himself. An indication that Sherlock wanted John to claim him. Own him. Take him over. That he always wanted that. Needed to be owned by John. Was owned. Married. Husbands.
None of that mattered. Sherlock was going to the holodeck.
Wasn't certain what else he could do. So, he sat in his seat and read up on his new command.
Lestrade gave a speech. It had words in it.
Although, given their recent use, she insisted he do the honors of removing the external silicone sheath with the school's single exacto knife. Not his best surgery, but once done they had two working receivers and a fairly sophisticated transmitter that could be programmed to voice commands. Provided those voice commands were in Latin, which both John and Lucy were familiar enough with given their medical, botanical, and joint enjoyment of the Harry Potter books.
John dimly thought to himself that at the age he current was, no one would ever have left him alone with a mature alpha. Which was ridiculous. John was an adult. Sherlock was his husband. He blurted, "Fuck me."
There was a lot of guilt tied up with that name. That person. Those memories.
"Fine." Sherlock crossed his arms already thinking of additional methods to convince John.
Martha said, somewhat absently, "You're a bit late to the party if you've just noticed that."
He stomped down the hallway thinking pretty much about baby rattlesnakes nonstop.
Bihr breathed in sharply.
Sherlock's wide hand hovered over John's bare belly. Finally, touching the tips of his fingers down. Spreading across his skin. Sherlock said, "Should it be hurting you this much?"
Leaving only the surprising revelation that without his intervention Sherlock would die in the past.
Sherlock waved that off as if it was nothing. As if it wasn't important. "I never would have wanted you to have to go through bearing children and the alternative is… I'm not asking my parents for help, but this alternative never occurred to me. To think that if Moriarty hadn't attempted to steal my body and Killander hadn't outright kidnap you, then we wouldn't have been transferred to survey this section while the Galaxy class ships were assigned to investigate piracy in that sector. Without all that, we wouldn't be here. A chaos theory of consequences, because it never would have occurred to me to reverse our genders. And…I could do it. I… my heritage aside… it's perfect."
Sherlock wanted to snarl that there was nothing else. He'd done the calculations. There was no way to use a cold fusion start to fly the Bakerstreet to precisely the correct era. The stress of a fifty centuries year journey would tear the ship apart. This had been their best opportunity to discover what had happened after they left the Breen Stone Age. Their best opportunity to recover whatever children they had left there, or at least provide them with modern supplies. Medicine. Not abandon them. To know them. Had one survived? More? Possible names filled the halls of his memory palace. Names he'd never know.
The omegas' scents deepened. None quite like John, but there was only one John.
Sherlock sighed. He slowed into a punch that she blocked, which left her unbalanced to the sweep of his feet. She slammed to the fur and reed mat covered stone floor with a heavy grunt. He flipped her over and mimed the act of mounting her, while she growled and twisted. He bit down on the back of her neck. Nothing that would form a bonding bite, she was an alpha after all. Not enough to draw blood.
"What's wrong is that an intruder has taken over my body," said Sherlock pitching his voice. "And given he didn't bother to analyze the purity of the organic components from the wreckage, that should be obvious to an idiot."
He could feel with his fingertips. But almost as if there was a layer between him and what he was feeling.
Between them, they pushed the storage unit through increasingly tight tunnels. When they came to branches in the tunnel, Sestre tried to figure out the way with the tricorder, but Connor just pointed. "The smell is sharper that way."
Too close.
"What is going on?" rasped John into a small com unit by the door. There was no answer. He whispered again, "Buggery fuck!"
"Really," she grinned at him. "Finally."
John couldn't help but shake his head and smile at Sherlock.
"I'm seeing a pattern of energy pulses outside of the planet's background energy coming from Sigma VI," said Hunter.
"I haven't… let's see what you're worrying about." Billy logged on to the Augment channel and scrolled through strings of comments. It seemed John and Ms. Hudson had been turned into teenagers along with Lucy.
When John said, "Beautiful. The legs on you," Sherlock splayed those limbs over the fabric to pull an appreciative look from John. When John said, "I love your neck," Sherlock let his head fall forward. When he said, "I love how you did what I said and didn't touch yourself," he lifted his hips to show his master his painful erection.
Her body worked in a way it hadn't in such a long time.
Mollyhoo headed down to the entry cave where most of the others were gathered. A few people were tending the fire. The unishaps were grazing on the greening hillsides. Jovas had been carding the unishap wool and was teaching a few of the others to spin it, slowly, half the time they dropped the spindle, but there were now skeins of yarn. One or two of them knew how to knit. Kenner was certain she could make a hand loom. There were possibly very many children on the way. If they survived.
"I'd say they should move on and forget me, but," Sh'Evhaavoss looked around the barrack. "Every shen on the planet is here. Course," she quirked her lips, "If you were out there, maybe there's someone for them. Hiding in an ice cave or something."
That night they returned to find the space transformed. No longer a cozy Tellerite dining room, but a wide open space full of red and yellows cubes.
Sherlock in a room with time to get into everything was a Sherlock who would examine everything in that room. Get into every crevice of John's life.
"Then we'll praise the gods," said John, moving his hand to lightly glide along Sherlock's slender neck.
John was already kneeling and pulling a rope out of his rucksack. Sherlock put his hand over John's. "There's no time."
He hand wrote the longer message on paper and put it in the box to rest with all the other potential.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visit,_board,_search,_and_seizure
"Like a dog," said Chin Singh. "Run away from home." An insult. A polite fiction. "There is nothing wrong with my ship. You may follow if you wish." She told herself no one was following the clues she'd left and girded herself for the duties of home.
She stared at him. "You do realize that there has been a betting pool since the first week we shipped out as to when the two of you would finally admit that you were a couple."
He might have a killer in him, but that history was in him too. Still honesty compelled him to say, "It was mostly Sherlock. I followed him around and shot at Borg once things got…"
"Sir, I'm getting a distress signal from the Ophiucus system," said Hunter. "It's... using Morris Code."
" that he shouldn't worry because there was a technique for dealing with the space hazard.
Donovan said, "Commander Hudson, you should relieve yourself from duty. This could be a fucking cluster fuck of situation that will require a clear chain of command."
Still, he didn't have to try to keep his smile on his face while Connor changed into fresh clothing and sent each of his friends on the Bakerstreet a personal message telling them not to worry about him because he was feeling much better. He even thanked Eva for the sweater she'd knitted for him.
"You can tell what happened to me?" asked Sherlock softly.
The daimon touched a device on their wrist. There was a crackling sound and Killander thrashed on his bunk, his eyes rolling back in his head. John had been shackled with this type of restraint a fair number of times over the years. Unfortunately, it looked as if the daimon had invested in a fairly secure model. They also hurt like anything when an electric shock was triggered. The daimon said, "That's a warning. If any of you try to escape, the restraints will incapacitate you. As it is, you are in luck."
His mother hit a control and the monitor flared to life. Sherlock watched an image of the portal. First John, in his doctor’s fatigues, and himself in uniform walked through it into a hall full of armored Breen. A Breen in the armor of the 1
He bit his lip, waiting to see what his John would do. Feeling damp between his thighs. Plumper. Fuller. Simultaneously tight in his own skin.
Also, John's claim that his body was over the age of sixteen was clearly false.
Which dealt a spell on any sorrow for childhood friends.
But really, Mollyhoo was genuinely concerned the break in their estrous cycles might mean some form of new illness that she didn't have the technology to deal with and John wasn't exactly helpful with medical advice these days.
"Stop!" Sherlock stopped, saliva dripping around his mouth. John stood up. "Undress me."
He lost consciousness. Swam into view to see Sh'Alaack repeating something. John blinked. "Doctor Watson, what do I do?"
Tight. Hot. Insatiable. More. More. More
One of many phrases that she was glad to now have in her store of sayings.
"We've already taken the chance fate sent us. Now it's left up to randomization. Meiosis of fate," said Terellhoo.
http://www.crystalinks.com/romeclothing.html
Apollo grew ten times his size. Growing mildly transparent as he did so.
"Like on my bracelet," said Connor.
John tried to protest, but they weren't having anything of what John had to say. They and the boring laser they picked up in the equipment storage weren't going to make this situation get any better. Still, Soo-Lin had said Stonn was with the creature. Stonn had a phaser. Not that John had ever seen Stonn fire a phaser, but one problem at a time.
"Eight crew members and their families beamed down to the planet on shore leave," said Hudson. "Oh, dear me, I'll forget my head next. The Andorian civilian spouses of Lieutenant Commander Sh'Alaack with their children as well."
In medicine, examining the first version of a virus could explain how mutations occurred.
He set her to find the onlies and convince them to come to where they were. It got her away from Sherlock, which was a double victory.
The daimon took a small object from the Breen and left with his flunkies trailing behind.
"But have you kept controls aside?" asked Sherlock.
memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Qpid_(episode)
His heart roaring in his ears, Sherlock kept speaking. Facts. Observations. Deeper and deeper, until his voice was half purr and half rumble.
Bihr protested, "This place is a maze. We can't trust anything we think we know about how this place is designed."
He put his hands on his mate's hips and thrust up into liquid velvet heat, while his omega shouted his approval. His face rosy with pleasure. His blue eyes wide and unfocused with release. His supple body moving up and down as he greedily impaled himself on Sherlock. Crying out once again as between them they managed to work Sherlock's knot fully inside him. His omega came. Squeezing Sherlock's prick and spattering come on Sherlock's chest with his own prick.
"Oh, it was even worse than that." Sholto smiled grimly. "Not a few hours later, our relief arrived with enough food for everyone." He stared at John's dad. "There's not a day that goes by that I don’t think about that."
Which was how she ended up an hour later in the holodeck, with Captain Holmes by the power vested in him as a captain officiating her wedding. They came in together. Torrance Peak on Bajor. First place Violet had filmed for Julian. John was the Best Man. Kitty stood by her side as her Maid of Honor, crying and clutching at Donovan, who for once looked a little misty eyed herself. Khatri gave Violet a knitted blanket for a wedding gift. Julian looked at nothing but her the whole time.
"What about Harry?" None of this was helping. He just hurt. The other half of himself had killed. John had killed. In duty. In self defense. Defending Sherlock. They were both killers. The taint of those first Augments, created to be killing machines, was in them.
"Or, you brought someone back with you from the twenty-first century. Most likely, a British Augment, and given their higher level of augmentation, they cured you of your recent difficulties."
Bihr lowered her welder. "You must be Doctor Watson. Step away from your sister."
Sometimes the idea of slow was all wrong. Sometime, he laughed and moved hard up and down while chanting, "Mine." And his husband chanted, "Yours."
The lights were left on full lumens, which was against the Khitomer Accords, but what was one more war crime for a covert organization.
She 'splained it to Connor and he listened like he always did. Not like Sestre, who thought she was silly and little and stuff, and not like the twins, but like a Connor. Actually, they were both Augment omegas. He didn't interrupt her or anything while she talked.
Billy with Connor, Gendel, and Chin in tow had also attended, and John ought to get out of bed. For some insane reason he'd arranged to meet Billy for breakfast instead of later. Much later so he could spend a few hours snuggling in bed with Sherlock.
It was all very well and good to force anyone coming in and out to go through the docking bay and keep transporter traffic to a minimum, but blocking com messages was completely outside of regulations.
"Yeah, but missing some components. Obvious fakes, which surprised the dick walking around in your body let me tell you."
"Is the ship in danger?" asked Billy. Images of police breaking into his little hidey hole spiraled out of him. Memories of uniformed Humans ripping his screaming child from his arms. Before that, years of living in the shadows in his own childhood. Unfortunately close to the situation. So perhaps it was better that Billy couldn't read minds.
"But…" John stopped, once again reframing what he knew. Again. Again. Again. "I thought he had surgery to change his face so he wouldn't be recognized."
Harry sobbed, "Daddy, no." She dropped the phaser and knelt next to him. "You have to finish the performance. Daddy! Get up! Daddy, get up!"
"It began life as a closet, but um…" Jacqui flushed, "this may sound a bit daft from a mental health professional, but the director's office always gave me a bit of a chill, and I might add every director before me."
"You think that now," said Jacqui. "But no, I'll let you get a feel for the room. He didn't die in this room though. He died down in the neural neutralizer room."
Washington said, "This is no life for a child." He looked at John, who shrugged for Washington to go with it. "Look, I'm a parent. I've seen your kids and how far you're willing to go to raise them. But there's no reason to stay on this world. You've got an ion propulsion ship that's decades away from anything what our government's got. That the Federation's got. We have lots of land on lots of worlds. Trade the ship for resources somewhere on a planet that's not frozen and lousy with radiation. Your parents did their best to get you to this point. The scientist who created this place, she did her best. Now do your best about giving your children a better place to live."
"If you don't get a command? I… it's just, I want to know what I have to prepare for."
Going behind John’s back to dig up dirt on John’s family.
Pain tore. Clawed. The scent of that alpha was still in his nose. In his skin. He wanted to kill the alpha again.
The bunk creaked as Sherlock climbed back onto it. His fingers resumed their glide, newly slicked, and added a third finger.
"Guests," corrected Frankland, who liked to emphasize that simply because fissures in mind and soul had led to violent crimes, that did not mean there was not a path out of the valley mental disruption. That all so afflicted were merely guests of that valley.
"But I have lots of gold braid on my uniform," said the braided man. "I must be the captain."
The bed smelled like them. The left pillow smelled like his own scent. While the right side smelled like the omega. If more lightly. Confirming his speculation that these were not the omega's quarters. There were indications that at times, he spent nights here alone and lay in the center of the bed.
Connor remembered the Dominion. It was hard not to. They'd tried to crush the Bakerstreet in an energy web. Gave the people on Auberj a plague and then bombed the planet just for not agreeing with them. And the Cardassian had done all sorts of horrible things to the people of Bajor. Eva had told him about it after visits to Bajor with her mom. Not nice people in alliance with not nice people. He asked, "We need to convince the Breen to help the Federation."
She well knew he didn't particularly enjoy being sent back and forth across the galaxy and would far prefer to simply direct operations from the new Breen home world. But both of them were expected to put the needs of their people before individual comfort.
"Then do you have a point?" asked Sherlock. He wished John were there to keep him steady. But no, John was better far from this discussion.
http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Plato%27s_Stepchildren_(episode)
She turned and addressed his diploma on the wall. "Did you ever follow up after we got our DNA results?"
When they settled down to talk, John, a John she'd never met, said, "We only came this way because one of the aardvark people that have been sending armies up this way said there was a settlement of people who looked like us living in this direction. Figured a cave's a cave, but other Humans was something worth finding. And our children were more than ready to meet new people."
John smashed the pot, which sprayed water everywhere, which… it had taken hours to make that pot, and now John had an edged weapon. John who could be a bit scary sometimes.
As if on cue, John felt a viscous slickness between his legs.
Acheron smiled blandly. "Of course. I'll take you there."
The removal of a consciousness, it would seem, was easy. The work of moments. But now that Sherlock had been integrated into the facility, his psyche would need to be separated memory by thought. He understood the nature of psychic phenomenon in a way he never had before. Never would again. It was like the time he'd gone silver eyed, without the distractions.
He really didn't want to start a war.
Someone screamed and charged out of the darkness. John shifted in front of Harry and brought them down with a single shot. Picking off assailants in the dark wasn't the most efficient method of clearing their route. But he didn't want to risk shooting Sherlock or Donovan in the dark. Even Sherlock couldn't shake off a stun.
https://www.thoughtco.com/six-types-of-toga-in-ancient-rome-117805
"Uh," said Washington, who looked at John for assistance.
His mother winked at him. "Does a mother need a special occasion to visit her son? Now I really must go. See you in a few days."
"Oh, Internal Affairs is often called in for these sort of things. They'll be in in a moment. Lieutenant Watson. Have a seat."
"I see it," said John, who was after all a doctor and had noticed the blue lesion on the girl's right hand.
Harry held out her hand. John felt an overwhelming sensation of shame at what he'd done to Harry. Stolen all the focus from her when they were kids. Taken Harry's ring. He didn't protest when Harry pulled them off his hand. Harry slid them onto her own hand? His hand? John needed to respect Harry's gender identity choices, that was a given, but something was very wrong.
"That's a lot of ifs, but," John smiled at him, that ever comforting smile, "we've been in similarly bad situations. Not… stone age bad, but… we can get out of this."
Pale terror filed Bihr's lungs and must be draining her skin of color. Watson held her wrist tighter, which was good or she might have fallen.
"I can't help it," said Euros.
Bloody Hands said, "I'm leaving something behind. But I don't know what it is."
The mind become used to things being in a certain configuration. Also, it was logical to grieve for the inevitable loss of resources and life that came with war. While there was a benefit to himself from the transition, the logical thing to do was to acknowledge the discomfort of change. Accept it. By this path, they could move on.
John darted a glance at Soo-Lin, who appeared to be agreeing with Gremel.
The next day, he helped his family load their belongings, mostly stage equipment, into the shuttle. Did not ask the stage manager how Tadpole was doing. Did not say anything when Harry said, "Oh, look it's the high and mighty Lieutenant come to help. Maybe if Mum and Dad had sent me to a school to keep me from fucking my way through the theater circuit like a little cunt, I could be a fucking Lieutenant too."
"There was a bit of a transporter accident," said Lucy. She smiled and waved. "Hi."
Mollyhoo said, "But John, your name is John right, I'm so terrible with foreign names, he's an omega. If we drive him out, you know what'll happen." Somewhat disconcertingly, Mollyhoo knelt by the creature and slit its belly. She sorted its internal organs into various pots. "Anyway, they helped me. Sherlock, the alpha, saved my life. They should stay. I keep saying that maybe if we'd domesticated some of the alphas when we all first came through and they still had their wits and reverted to raving cave alphas, because of course the Alphas aren't prepared, then maybe they wouldn't be so violent now."
Into the silence that followed, Mummy said, "The Breen sent an operative to Earth to help that ancestor your husband is so proud of and… Mycroft," said Mummy. "The woman who was imprisoned in Colonel Green’s castle. The one missing her arm." Mummy's look was sharp. "She sacrificed much to help us. Consigned herself to a primitive world, because she believed in what she had to do. Help fate along."
Sherlock straightened his shoulders. "Donovan, send Washington and Cho to Transporter Room Cloud. We'll be beaming to the planet."
John stepped into the alcove and stopped in front of a couch where Sherlock – if Sherlock were older and colder and an omega – was currently kissing a dangerously athletic looking Alpha in a skin tight black leather outfit, which if John wasn't mistaken was Khan Meiying.
John did not kick him, but it was a near thing.
There were toasts. Sherlock hardly tasted the champagne. He was too busy looking at John, who was looking at him. He was John's husband. He belonged with John.
From across the cavern came the rhythmic sound of Captain Holmes' pickaxe piercing the stone. Breaking it apart. She'd known he was strong. Tireless, but until they'd come here, she'd had no true sense of what that meant.
Stonn said, "The bird flies at midnight."
Finally, a figure with violet piping said, “You see before you representatives from each of the twenty-two alignments of the Breen Confederation.”
"And what, we make a copy of you, because without John, the Bakerstreet needs a doctor. You're not," Violet suppressed whatever it was about to explode out of her. "You're not copy able. You are unique."
Donovan sighed, completely unphased by the thought of Internal Affairs or Section 31. "The crew have been assigned fucking shore leave. Such the fuck as it is on a rock like Janus. I'd have sent you a fucking list if I'd realize you'd give a fuck."
Sherlock cock brushed against the loosened muscles. John's eyes flew open as even well and truly stretched, Sherlock's thick cock pushed inside. Stretched him. Burned him. Filling him. Sherlock slowly pushed deeper and deeper. John's toes curling as he felt Sherlock's length all the way up to his spine. Curled his spine in response.
Eva said, "Mommy, I'm not scared. I can do it. Even if there are spiders in there." She clutched her Lady of the Flowers doll. John was kind of regretting focusing on adventure stories.
Mollyhoo breathed in trying to keep from hyperventilated while John, oblivious to his peril, apparently came in Sherlock's mouth. Certainly Sherlock was sucking and John was shouting.
"What happened?" asked Sherlock because the bandage had to be ripped off.
Sally shrugged. "I didn't want my message," and wasn't this just playing without a fucking net, "to be intercepted."
Soon John was twisting in the air. His breathing harsh. His moans echoing off the walls. There was no privacy shield. It didn't matter. The room was kilometers from where any of the Eymorg or Morg slept. Washington was searching half a facility away.
At least she could take the lift now.
"You bred me. I know it. I felt it." Sherlock briefly scowled at John. "You never told me what it felt like when the ovum are released." His smile broke through the clouds again. "It was amazing. I did my best to record the sensation. It was all so different."
That earned a chuckle.
It took her some time before she understood what Eshess meant. At the time, she was merely grateful to have finally been assigned to the fifth level and the hacked replicator.
"Hello," said Mama G. "Do you have any idea who we are? Or where?"
"Alone." John pointed at him. "And don't follow me."
It all felt marvelously familiar and completely unknown. Whoever they were, some part of him relaxed to know that he was owned by such a self-assured being. Almost whimpered when his master left him there alone, only to return with the box full of toys. A playful smile. "We should see if any of these feels familiar."
That was a relief.
That was fair.
It was her own fault for preferring field operations and not playing the promotion game. She'd told herself that as younger and younger operatives doubted her capabilities. Even when silly older woman was officially listed in her set of methods to establish a rapport with an informant. Mothers, grannies, and favorite aunts being not uncommon in the universe across many species.
The rest of the crew appeared to be startled as he walked briskly through the corridors in an item known as a speedo, but a significant number were disgruntled that it was not their day in the pool. Possibly a holographic pool as the Bakerstreet had a gym, but for the obvious reason of occasional loss of gravity, no standing bodies of water for the purpose of exercise.
Billy raced into the ready room at the sound of Connor crying.
Buying time while Hunter and Smith maneuvered them a good deal more confidently into a nebula full of waves of Thalaron radiation.
"I'm the son of Typhon and Echidna," said Sherlock very earnestly. If John hadn't known better, he'd have thought Sherlock was genuinely confessing to being the son of monsters. Then again, he already knew all about that. "I was captured while swimming in shallow waters and kept from the water that gives me my power. You restored me to health when we bathed together. Treated me so well that when my cousin, Vulcan, destroyed Pompeii to save me, I saved you." His smile was fierce and feral.
John, who was about to lose the plot on the folds of fabric, stopped. "Thank you. Oh, you know Roman togas, they're all the rage."
Killander laid the stylus next to the tablet. "There are two possible explanations. You were rewarded for your complicity with Soon Lin Yao by being given access to Khan and his followers."
Sherlock expected Mycroft to be forced to tell him to sod off, but he didn't.
Still, he had to think it wasn't a coincidence that of all people, he spotted not-Khel and not-Shroeb with a ten year old shen girl, who wasn't nearly as deep a blue as she ought to be.
A number glowed on his wrist. "Great. What I always wanted. A glowing tattoo."
"I'm sorry, but," she laughed and it was a far more carefree sound than he'd heard from her since the first night they'd met, "it's amazing to me that you are part of one of my oldest family stories. That John is a part of that story. That you were one of the ones they rescued that night," she lightly tapped a set of syncopated steps that echoed on the metal floor, "from the belly of the beast."
Euros swayed. "You're going to love the future. You really will. And anyway, they won't miss you, but I will." She lowered her voice. "There's psychic ice cream in the future and talking otters."
"I don't want to disturb your while you're thinking so hard in your mind palace, but there's something you need to know. We'll be having a group of visitors on the ship."
"Computer, turn on the emergency hologram back on based on my code located in Nine Alpha Five Zulu Charlie Pound Foxtrot Three Three Five Bravo Sierra Whiskey Tango, and to be left on barring a repeat of that same code."
She must have misheard him. Because she said, "The meat! It'll feed all of us for a week and it has ever so many other useful parts." Mollyhoo waved her hands enthusiastically. "Maybe between the three of us we could get the whole thing back to the cave. We have a cave by the way. First thing we did. Found shelter. Oh, but… even the fangs and poison pouches on this beauty can be used as a topical analgesic not to mention all this lovely fur."
"Sweetheart, somehow I doubt I'm the only mother on the ship." The omega said it affectionately. Laughing.
"Let me fight for you." John had been fighting diseases on the edges of space for almost a decade, and yet he finally felt as if he'd found his war. "Since I've been able to identify three people on the ship who can self-report that they went through juvenile heat, and I've been able to identify some common genetics," he touched the area on the monitor where the range of single nucleotide polymorphisms that he, Owen, Billy, and Connor had in common were located, "I can start researching drugs and treatments that either turn off the gene or at least turn on the gene that regulates our heat. It's still early days. We'll talk specific treatments as we get there."
"So, what are you trying to tell me? Ask me?" As with most conversations with Trelane, John was feeling exhausted and he'd just gotten up. Really he should have just stayed in bed.
He'd stared at the image of the Augment who'd saved his life as a child for hours.
In the end, Cecile was able to manipulate most of the wiring, but there some things that were simply too heavy for her. Every time she tried to lift them, she toppled over.
Something about that entire speech seemed vaguely familiar, not just the content, but how they were saying it.
Sherlock was holding the black leather collar that he liked to wear when being the Emperor's favorite concubine.
Especially as the omega's hands found the opening of his leather trousers. Wonderful clever hands freed that freed his cock. Then without pulling their lips from his, their own. The omega reached over to the box and plucked out an ampule of lube, crushing it in their hand. The omega wrapped that hand, with callouses for weapons. With callouses for devices. That wonderful slick, warm hand around both of them. Twisting to rub their cocks delightfully together as the omega rapidly slid their hand back and forth between their bodies. Mouths still doing their best to steal each other's breathe away.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John, who was not looking. This was an unusual opening given John had fallen asleep when Sherlock had shown him the monograph. However, if this was what John had arranged, Sherlock could speak at length on the subject of his observations.
John stunned Lethe. "You can stop, Harry. She's down."
She held up her hand stopping him. She put down the picture carefully. "I kept thinking if I saw you again, I would see your sister. That I would keep thinking of your father."
"I'm not talking about outlier cases," said Jovas. "We may as well as speak of those like myself, who were chosen by their crèche to never experience heat."
Still, he embraced his son. Let his son smell his scent. Feel his warmth. A lie felt wrong. "The Utopia Planitia shipyards will have the best defenses."
John was forced to admit that there just weren't enough crystals to do more than give the Ferengi an ear ache, and Hudson had a good use for them. But looking at the chalk and paint, John had idea.
She climbed the final cliff. A green so clear that it could have been jade. Weak sunlight tried to blind her from all directions. From the top, it was a matter of climbing down the shale ridge and into the Valley of the Ancestors and into the low cave entrance at the top of the valley.
Gender pronoun for both of them is a state of mind here. John et all use pronouns based on what type of ring Augments have opted to wear to indicate their own perceived gender. If I pretended they forgot that particular cultural tradition, I get to use different pronouns to help differentiate them. If only, he and they. And where it fails (because darn that's hard), well, maybe it's memory peaking through.
"I'm…" and for a moment couldn't remember her assigned name, before recalling it and giving it to her new acquaintance.
