Tony looked at him fondly once more, “I never thought I’d be happy to hear you telling me what to do…be back in a shake sweet lips.”
“Loki, can you hear me? It Bruce, you're in the tower. James brought you...” He hesitated a moment. This was for the best, Bruce had to know.. “Do you want to see him Loki?”
The engineer had gotten pretty efficient at this, having babysat Wanda and Pietro when Clint was out on missions. Steve didn't put up nearly as much of a fuss, the blond was mostly still sucking his thumb through the whole ordeal. "Ok honey, your ready for your jammies."
All signs pointed to unorganized anarchists. Little bands of angry teenagers and college students with too much time on their hands and too smart for their own good. On the other hand, maybe it was a ploy to test the stability of national security.
“oh?” Squared up shoulders. He was really in for it now. “I really hadn't noticed, what with trying to raise two kids and keep the team together. Then Bucky and Loki showing up today, Loki looking about half dead and poor Buck beside himself. Did you know that? Or are you so inside your own perfection that it slipped your notice?”
“Your grandmother is waiting and Jar can let himself out if he so desires. Come now finish putting on your armor and let’s go.”
“It is though, all because the us government decided to play god 70 years go.” Steve turned back and looked him in the eye. A look of so much pain and regret. “If I hadn’t been so stubborn.. I would have never been in project rebirth. Bucky would have never fallen from that train, your parents…they..”
Sure, Loki wasn't exactly Phil's favorite person — Being stabbed through the chest tends to knock one off the Christmas card roster after all. Yet overall, Coulson had seen the otherworldly man change. Everyone rightfully deserved a second chance — provided they were genuine in that attempt.
Overall, Tony had to admit as he leaned back in his spinning work chair – things had gone pretty well. He was home safe, the bots weren't spraying him down with flame retardant. He had a burger with his name on it not too far from now. As for his previous outing in the corporate world - The trip was dull as usual, but the trip home wasn't bad.
“I never thought I'd see him smile like that again.” James said, standing to her left, his eyes grew misty at the scene.
Loki did not mind what a child might struggle with. James felt similarly, stating he managed to help keep Steve alive for years.
“Wow, outsourcing really does lead to a lowering in productivity. Honestly, old Red would be rolling in his bomb shelter seeing this.” Tony snarked allowing Jarvis to tap into the security feed. The camera system was out dated and the black and white images were grainy at best. Still, it gave Tony a good enough over view of the facility with the exception of the underground freezers. It also gave Jarvis a free run to see who was lurking in the building computer system.
“Open up Shithead! I got something to say, we can do this the hard way or the easy way. Your choice!” Was shouted just beyond the frosted glass.
The ravenette looked away as he detoured around the far side of the kitchen island, “Fine, just tired.” he said, padding back to the bedroom.
For some reason that really bugged Tony, didn’t these nurses even think about that sort of thing? He got up looking around for some kind of blanket; of course, all the cabinets were empty. Why did he donate so much money to a place that couldn’t even store a spare blanket?
That wasn't true, not that she knew what love really looked like. The honey sweet kiss from her omegas lips, the smell of finely brewed coffee in the hand of an eccentric alpha every morning and the familiar blue eyes of the Captain concentrating on his morning paper, a whole gaggle of pups running through the gym and sparing with people not only your equal but better. Love was finally believing like you deserve it.
As it turned out, trying to find a comfortable position for Steve and his gravid 7-month belly, was easier said than done. The couple had been at this for quite a while and it seemed like just when any progress was happening things just grew uncomfortable for one or both of them.
“Oh don’t worry your pretty little head sugar lumps, how does fruit and whip crème in bed sound,” Tony said waggling his brows suggestively as they made their way to the elevator.
“Spotted a few toys that haven’t hit the market yet too,” Bucky, said gesturing over to a back lit case on the wall that held a strange looking blade that seemed to glow with electricity.
Tony tipped his head in recognition, “oh yeah, how my babies doing. That was a nifty little build if I do say so myself. And I do say so; seriously I made wings, while not as cool as booster boots still pretty impressive.”
When the fog cleared from the alphas brain, he felt the twitch in his groin and the strain on his back. Tony wasn’t as young as he used to be. “Steve you asleep babe?”
“Can’t talk right now babe, ask J if you can’t work the microwave.”  The inventor was elbow deep in rewiring something that was apparently once a washing machine on the communal floor, apparently Tony felt it could be more efficient there for …this was happening. Parts and wires strong from one end of the workshop to the other and now whole mess looked like it might transport your clothes to another dimension rather than wash them. Really…it was frightening how that very well could have been true.
Tony squared up his shoulders looking around the room. “Yeah, see I thought I had friends… people I could rely on. I see I was mistaken. Jarvis, find me a babysitter.”
"How'd ya make it through the metal director Lokes. Seems like your new door knockers would'a set it off." the older man snarked.
Tony knew what that meant; Steve’s file had said the Shield Psychologist had diagnosed the old soldier with PTSD and Depression. It was understandable given Steve’s background; even so, the captain never really sought help.
On his own, Steve thought maybe he should have taken that more literally. He shouldn’t have spent the heat with Tony, not yet at least. Not when they didn’t even know what they were doing yet. It was too soon and now Steve was left with more questions than answers.  He should have told Tony to go, should have been strong enough to get through it on his own with out the alpha.
“If you’re asking me to move in you’re a lil late there shell head. I think my toothbrush has been up here for about a week.” Steve replied with a laugh pulling on his own clothes. “But yeah, I would like that.”
Loki had taken to sitting in the common room in front of the tall windows in the early morning until the others began to filter in for coffee. Then he would slink away to roam the main floor or head down to the research floor and  pick spot out of the way to linger and stare out at the city below. Once Loki had managed to access the rooftop garden and nearly gave James a heart attack. The thought of the man up on the roof had sent Barnes charging after him, he'd only turned his back for a moment. Thankfully, Loki had just been kneeling before a flowerbed running his fingers through the soil.
“Steve, I’m on my way. I need you to let me know you can hear me.” Tony said waving a hand and manipulating the image floating in the air. The holograph security feed followed him through the penthouse. The alpha didn’t even bother dressing as he ran to the elevator in little more than boxers and an old tank top.
Steve is still inside Tony, but he's getting soft, slipping out a little as Tony leans forward. It's so much sensation, he can hardly stand it. Tony is just lounging above him, kissing him languidly, like he's never been more relaxed. Steve's body is wrung out, but every shift and shiver has him trying to tense up again, unable to handle this much stimulation.
“Okay. Let me or one of the team know if you need anything. We don’t want to push your boundaries, but you’re one of us, and when one of us is down, we all feel it. I—we want to help.”
Steve nearly sobbed into his pillow, but he kept the even thrusting Tony had set. It was never going to be enough to get him to come. He was so hard, red and leaking, had been for what felt like hours. He could have come from just a fingertip on his cock. But Tony didn’t touch his cock, he only murmured sweet encouragement as Steve drove down into torturous almost-nothingness.
Tony smiled softly, his private smile that only Steve got to see, and asked, “Want to come up to the penthouse with me?”
The next day they’re up with the sun and gone, and Tony feels glad to be back on the motorcycle again, the countryside blowing past. Steve drives more carefully on the winding mountain roads, where the slightest misstep could send them hurtling over a cliff. The clouds are even with them in places, and they marvel at the unpeopled valleys below.
Tony noticed, of course, but aside from his signature cheeky grin, he ignored it. “Up on the bed, baby,” he coaxed. “On your knees.”
Clint shook his head, because he’d been on this team for close to three years now, and while he knew Stark was an asshole, he also gave a shit. People who gave a shit were a rarity.
Steve waits until the gauntlet of the suit lowers away from his chest before approaching, sinking to his knees as well. He reaches out to Tony, as if to pull him into a hug, but stops short of actually touching his shoulder.
Steve didn’t manage to catch Tony before he returned to his lab the next day, but he did secure a promise via text that he could join him for lunch. He showed up at noon on the dot, carrying a tray full of Chinese food and a mug of steaming coffee.
With that, he turned to stand next to the bed, on the same side as Steve’s chair. “Come here, Iron Man,” he ordered. “I want to feel you against me.”
But Steve is smiling, Steve is brushing his hair out of his eyes, Steve is bottoming out and holding still, giving them both a few moments to get used to this again, this crystalline intimacy.
“I’m already close to you,” Steve disagreed softly. Tony’s eyes looked so bright, up close like this. “I can’t help it. You pull me in. I’m so—” Steve cut himself off. “You’re the person I’m closest to.”
Steve was still pressed against Tony, covering him as efficiently as he knew how, his face turned into Tony’s hair. He walked them resolutely backwards until Tony’s back hit the living room wall. Gratefully Steve pinned him there safe, and pulled back just enough to look him over meticulously.
Tony grinned smugly from above, running teasing palms over Steve’s flanks and watching how they shivered. “I want to hear, anyway. How did you picture me? Or, better yet, how did you picture your old pal Iron Man?” He slipped his fingertips below Steve’s boxers, tugging at the elastic. “Did you think he’d fuck you in the armor?”
, just,” Steve stumbled over his words. “I saw how alike you were. In hindsight, I was so blind. But I thought, maybe, you might make each other happy. That’s all I thought about. I just wanted you to be happy.”
bully Fury with his entire legal team until he caved and allowed Steve the choice to go about his Captain America business with his wings un-dyed. Steve, gratefully, accepted the offer, and revealed his true wings immediately. The press had a miniature heart attack, of course, but eventually the new normal was to see Captain America, dressed in his white-and-blue field suit, with red, white, and burnished gold wings.
The suit obeyed, coming closer until it boxed Tony in between the wall and the bed, slinging an arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him close. The metal was not quite skin-warm, but it wasn’t shockingly cold, and Tony smiled invitingly up at the helmet as he relaxed into the hold.
Steve did openly sob, then. But he couldn’t stop himself from thrusting down, from feeling that wet silk cling and release from his skin. He was in hell.
During debrief, Tony hadn’t had the chance to shower yet, so he wasn’t back in his civvies like normal. No, he was in that thrice damned
“You,” Steve started to argue, but then Tony’s tongue swept across one of his nipples, and talking was suddenly too much.
“Trying and failing,” Steve admitted, slipping Tony’s cock out quickly to speak. He latched back on just as fast, though. He wanted to make Tony come so badly. He wanted to taste it on his tongue.
Steve turned this over and over in his mind. It was impossible. Tony was in the car when the laser guns first shot at him, and so was Iron Man. Iron Man had stayed, finished the battle, gotten hurt. Tony hadn’t been there when Steve got there, and it had been maybe five or ten minutes since the start of it all. Later, Iron Man went into the lab, and an hour after that, Tony came out.
“I mean, let’s be honest. Anyone who is attracted to guys on any level has thought about the real thing. There’s no way this would hold a candle to that, I mean, have you seen Steve’s abs? But it has got to be a close second.”
“Iron Man,” Captain America called, stopping Tony in his tracks as they were all piling out of debrief. “I’d like a moment. Could you follow me, please?”
All this was said against Tony’s skin, soft as a prayer. Steve’s hands on his back were so gentle, like Tony was something precious. Steve smelled like Irish Spring soap and aftershave, and the skin of his neck was warm and smooth against Tony’s face.
“Course.” Steve grinned, letting his hands skate down Tony’s arms softly, then threading their hands together. “I mean, you’re amazing. Crazy intelligent, snarky, takes-no-shit. You’re my type. Never mind that you’re gorgeous.”
The vibrator was regular and relentless, just as Tony’s earlier pets had been. It gave refuge between its bursts of high power, but the roller coaster of speeds had Steve’s head whirling all the same. He was caught on it, waiting for the next crest, begging with his whines when it slowed, and rolling his eyes back in his head when it peaked. The sensation should be lesser, because it wasn’t on his cock at all, but somehow the indirect pleasure was more intense. It built slower, more evenly than a blowjob would have, or even fucking Tony. It was like nothing he’d ever felt before.
He came, his mouth open in a silent “o”, his legs tensing around Tony. Tony thrust once, twice, three times more, then buried himself to the hilt, shuddering his own release. They panted into each other’s hair and tried not to shake apart.
Tony gasps as Steve gets up on his knees, hovering above him now. “That’s enough,” he decides, and with no other warning, he takes Tony’s cock by the base and lines it up with his hole.
[I would like to end this topic of conversation.] Bruce was broadcasting, and Clint didn’t need to look at him to know he was giving off his standard “leave me alone” vibes. Stark, for his sins, was one of the only people in the world who could get away with ignoring those vibes.
“Tony, Tony, Tony,” Steve cried out, thrusting shallowly despite Tony holding him down. “Tony, m’ gonna–”
“He just needs to say something to Steve instead of pining all damn day, and the problem would solve itself.”
First, he lost his third-favorite bow. It was a shame, too, because now he only had four purple ones, and he didn’t want to put his random orange one on his purple-bow storage rack. (He might have been raised in a circus, but he wasn’t a
“Patience.” The metal hands played with his nipples some more, just exactly how he liked it. Twist, rub, twist. Again and again. Then, finally, they moved down to pin his hips solidly to the wall.
. It feels like a lifetime since he’s seen those letters. He feels the weight of what they represent settle on them both.
Tony had been an accomplished deepthroater in his heyday, and although much of that skillset didn’t fade with time, he still felt like he had to relearn cock sucking from square one with Steve. Maybe it was because the super soldier was so sensitive, arching and shivering at every touch. Maybe it was just that Tony loved Steve’s cock so damn much, he wanted to personalize his technique until his mouth was the only mouth Steve’s dick craved.
“Did you get the information I sent over about low-cost contraceptive options? Stark Medical hasn’t been pushing too hard, you know, but it’s—”
It isn’t a problem, on this trip. It turns out that when facing off against Steve’s brawn, no one much wants to say anything nasty about either of them. They make it all the way to Panama City Beach without event.
Steve wasn’t much for speculating about other people’s personal lives. After seventy years of being speculated about, it’s not a surprise he doesn’t like to participate in that sort of thing. But lately, he’s found some interesting exceptions.
Finally they make it out of the airport and to the parking lot. The sun is well and truly up, now, shining down in uncharacteristic brilliance for mid-May. Though they are surrounded by cement and the tangling strip roads of the airport, Tony feels like he has more space to breathe than he has had in a while.
“Remind me why we didn’t just take the Iron Man suit,” Tony grumbles, hauling his bag behind him as he follows Steve’s broad shoulders through the crowd. Steve only smiles and rolls his eyes.
The kiss was punishing, Steve pouring all his pent up frustration and terror over the last mission into this connection. He bit at Tony’s lip, almost hard enough to draw blood, then broke the kiss to let Tony gasp desperately for air while he mouthed at the neckline of his shirt. His hips bore down onto Tony’s groin, thrusting erratically while his cock hardened in the uniform.
One day in particular, Tony had come home to find several large boxes sitting in the penthouse, the side of which read “WISE SNACKS” in bold letters. The shipping information stated that each box held a 300 count of product.  The total order was about $600 plus expedient shipping.
Stark was sure Steve had secretly taken lessons from Pepper in order to become truly evil. Maybe the woman even had a super secretive textbook entitled:
“Sir, that would be below your usual presets and if I may add... uncomfortable to your current state of undress.”
The doctor nodded smoothing down the papers on her clipboard. “Did your Alpha use any contraception?
"Tony, I need to talk to you." Her eyes where shining and tip of her nose was a little red. It occurred to the mechanic then that Jarvis hadn't announced the group's arrival. Still no alarm bells went off, not yet.
“What do you think your sister would like? Your Uncle James is partial to eggs and toast and I personally find bacon quiet pleasant.”  Loki asked, more so to distract himself than really look for an answer. He knew that the little one would literally eat anything, something James attributed to Steve.
“Any got eyes on the woman of the hour?” Coulson asked as Fitz worked to try and recovered the cybernetic soldier’s memory bank.
Loki rolled his eyes, “one of your pitiful excused for care. Thor said you use them to stanch the flow of blood correct. That is what we are doing.”
Kurt only laughed. “You forget my friend. I have seen you teaching. You are like my Logan, so gruff but a kitten.”This provoked a snort from the other man.
She never saw past the smiles and the charm. Never saw how cruelly the two boys would stare at her Steven when her back was turned. Never realized until it was too late.
What the young mer did not know was the blast was cause as the gem in his chest went wild inside its host. The magic Amora used and the original force of Loki’s magic inside of it at war over whether to protect its host or destroy it. Tony in his weekend state tries to get away, he flounders hopelessly in the water half wanting to help Darcy, half afraid of what had just transpired. The grotesque horror from injuring his friend plane on his gaunt face.
The omega was standing awkwardly in the bedroom with his back pressed to the wall. Steve’s blue eyes seemed too wide, his lips parted as quick little puffs of air escaped. Each hurried breath accompanied by the rapid rise and fall of the soldier’s chest.
The creature seems distracted but Steve knew when the first shot from the repulsor went off at close range the monster would be all over Tony. Sure, it was a solid hit but Tony was always a little over confident when it came to his tech.
The brunette chuckled to herself, “Alright then Steve, I think perhaps you’d like a little break for now while Bruce and I have a word.”
“No, but…never mind. Look, I appreciate your concern - both of you, I really do but I just think maybe this was a one time thing and …well I will just have to get over it.”
The way he prized at the planes bay doors thinking maybe if he could open them, he could swim out. The way the water rushed in all at once and slammed him back toward the control console. It can in so quick and it was so cold. How the water grew higher and higher and he lost the feeling in his extremities first then it hurt to breath and he could feel it weighting down his lungs when his head would dip below the surface. The cold fingers worming into his blood stream before everything went still.
That year was rough, Howard did not try again but he didn’t get better. If anything, he grew colder and had new hobbies, the inventor created more and more deadly implements and he had a habit of testing them out at sea.
and finally, finally, Tony starts to push back and Steve can feel when the head sinks into Tony and it's so hot and wet he thinks he might lose it right there, watching Tony toss his head back, neck and chest and shoulders heaving and slick with sweat as he slowly, slowly sinks down onto Steve's cock until he eventually bottoms out
“Hello, darling,” he greets, running an affectionate hand through Tony’s bedhead. “Good to see you up. You’re going to love it here.”
“Cap,” Steve told himself it was just his imagination that Iron Man sounded so glad to hear him. “Mr. Stark was attacked en route to the airport. He’s fine, but the car is a little…blown up. Three hostiles. Oh, shit—”
“What if you hadn’t been able to wait? What if you’d crawled under the table and blown me right there, in front of everyone? They all knew you wanted to,” Tony reminded Steve, and now he was thrusting in time with Steve’s sucks. “What if you hadn’t been able to hold back?”
The Rockies were just as gorgeous the second time around. Steve spent the remaining daylight hours sketching them. They watched the foothills turn vibrant orange in the dying light, and Steve swore that he’d never get the color or scale to translate onto paper.
They stop for lunch in a town called Donegal, south of Pittsburgh. It is so tiny that the only fast food is a Subway and McDonald’s, which turns Tony’s stomach just to think about. He doesn’t have to say anything, though, for Steve pulls into a local diner with dark wood-paneled walls and a cheerful waitress. Tony eats until he is full and tips two hundred percent.
The state of Alabama made Tony nervous, what with all the bigotry horror stories originating there. He didn’t take kindly to people telling him he should curb his more “flamboyant” behavior, and around Steve, he was very unapologetically in a homosexual relationship.
“You okay?” Tony murmured from the bathroom door, his shirt off and jeans hanging loosely from his hips.
Soulmates aren’t as rare, these days. More people travel, both in their own country and to others, so it stands to reason that they meet more people over the course of their life. One touch is all it takes, skin to skin. Then you know. Less than half of people ever find their soulmate, and most are just fine without one.
“Tony,” Steve whispered back, bowing low to bury his face in Tony’s stomach. He sucked in his next breath through his teeth. “You’re safe. You’re alright.”
“I never meant to make you think—Lord, Tony. I’m not disappointed at all. You’re the smartest man of your generation, maybe of the century, and you fought by my side to save the world. You have so many amazing ideas about how to improve the world, too. You take such good care of us here, and you work so hard to help others. Not to mention you’re, well. You’re beautiful.” Tony could feel the blush heating Steve’s skin beneath his cheek.
But they had to debrief. He did his level best to not look at the corner of the room where Tony was sitting until the very end. When he finally allowed himself a peek, he was struck dumb.
Tony was out of the armor, but the undersuit was plastered to him with stale sweat and he was desperate to take a shower. “It can’t wait fifteen minutes, Cap? I gotta get cleaned up.”
Just as Steve had resigned himself to an eternity of Tony’s fingers petting his balls, there was a change. Tony shifted his weight so he was partially leaning on Steve’s thigh and ran his hands ever so lightly over Steve’s hipbones. “There. That’s a little break for you. How you feeling?”
With Tony leaned down to mouth at his chest, his groin rocked forward to come into shocking contact with Steve’s hard cock. The two pairs of panties felt insubstantial, and they could have been grinding bare but for the occasional slip of the silk shifting. The wet, hot mouth on his nipples drove Steve to tiny whines and whimpers.
“Steve!” Tony greeted from across the guts of the armor. He was clearly in the midst of repairs, his forehead streaked with sweat and motor oil. “I thought we weren’t meeting until lunch time.”
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve replies. He smiles like the sun just came out, and Tony has a hard time looking at it. He stares down into his coffee cup and stands awkwardly to the side.
Steve sets his paper down. “Weeks, Tony. I thought—I mean, aren’t we...doing something here? Building a relationship?”
“You’re so receptive,” Tony commented, “It must be really hard for you to be still. But you’re doing so well for me.”
trust you, Steve. Saturn Intelligence is risky stuff, though. If someone found out, any old SI employee, or a passerby, and they weren’t thoroughly warned of the consequences of telling others about this information, well. It could be dangerous. So Tony built Saturn into JARVIS’ framework, so that anyone, regardless of how trusted they are, would be locked down until someone could explain it to them.”
"I got it," Michelle set her sketchbook aside and moved across the room. She returned a moment later with Harry at her side. Peter jumped to his feet. His friend looked so...broken. Peter opened his mouth, but couldn't find the right words to say.
Tony broke free of Steve's hold and lunged across the bar, tackling the man who had spoken. The bar erupted into screams as Tony beat the ever loving shit out of the man.
"You don't work for any of those people. You work for me. As my personal assistant, I trust that you will get the job done. You have one week. Start searching," Osborn snarled. "Leave the symbiote with me."
"Oscorp?! What happened to working for me? At Stark Tech?" Tony gasped, feeling like he had been slapped in the face. "You're going to inherit the company someday, remember?"
"Friend Banner! Do you think you could-oh!" Thor poked his head into Bruce's lab. "Man of Iron! I did not know you were up here-"
"My closest friend was just wrongly accused of murder, so sue me for being a little upset," Steve huffed. "They could've killed you today. And no one would've been held accountable since you're a robot." He threw out his arms for emphasis. Iron Man took hold of the hand closest to him and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
"A bird shit on me this morning," Peter shifted his phone to the other ear and went about messing with his web shooter. The actual web spinners in his arms ached from disuse, but he ignored it.
"I think you're right. Well, Ned. It's been fun, but I think I'm going to call it a night," Spider-man announced.
Peter's face instantly lit up. He scooped the spider into his arms and held it close. The arachnid seemed at ease in Peter's arms and made no move to run away. "Can I keep him? Just for tonight?"
"No problem. Figured I should return the favor for saving my life earlier." Steve shrugged. "I don't think they're going to follow us," he nodded to the waterfall. They had traveled pretty far down river, but they could still see their attackers. The bucks stood in a line at the edge of the cliff, clearing watching the Avengers, but making no move to follow.
There was a long moment of silence before Iron Man turned to face him. "I can't show you affection like a human can. You know that."
Peter laid down on the other bed, curling into a tight ball with his back to everyone. Natasha moved to his side and pet his hair comfortingly. The pain medicine they had wasn't strong enough for Peter's metabolism. Peter was doing his best to hide the pain, but Natasha saw right through him.
The long sat on the foot of the bed in the soft blue dress. It was cotton, pale like the sky and buttoned all the way down the front. It was perfect.
All the while, Stark was a quiet presence in the background, so unlike himself that it made the others, Barton especially, feel uneasy. Tony was always a flurry of motion and sound, to see him standing there so stately, felt...wrong. It was like looking at the suit in sentry mode 'the lights are on but no ones home'. That was the case though; Stark might have been there physically; mentally however, he was a million miles away.
“Oh, old Howie will pull through. Don’t worry English.” She said, placing a soft kiss on her lover’s neck. “He’s got us, and Eddy. We’ll look out for him.”
And now that he understood, not just about himself but the things he locked away, he wasn't ready for it end. He just hoped he'd have the strength it took to keep going even when his mind told him lies.
Tony ignored her heading into the kitchen to take out a bottle of scotch, “Don’t you remember Pep, this is what I too I’m immature, I'm volatile, self-obsessed, and don't play well with others.”
It wasn't that Loki wanted to live a life a misery, the fact was...he already was. There was no one to blame for this failure but himself.
The admittance made her cringe, “Tony, Steve isn’t me. What happened between us, just because I wasn’t strong enough  has no bearing on Steve.”
Tony said he would be fine; well that was not exactly what he said it was more along the lines of "give Robocop ...credit sugar buns." Followed by a lopsided little smile.
Then there had been his CO in the Army, he couldn't even remember the mans name now. Just the grizzeled old face and eyes a pale green almost white. The way the man never really shouted the way others did, you just knew what was naturally expected of you. He vaguely remembers a time after their first deployment when one of the men received a letter from his sweetheart back home saying they were pregnant. The boy had been so troubled because, like so many young men, he hadn't had a father himself. James instantly remembers the old war dog sitting down next to the kid and tugging the letter from his shaking hands. The way the old alpha folded it up and slipped it in the youths pocket and said. “You write back, say you'll send half your pay with each letter and you love them both. That's all ya gatta do son, that's all ya can do for now. You love them and provide for them. Let the rest come when you'
Clint chimed in between a mouthful of bread stick, “They prolly had sex or something, I been calling that for a while.”
The clash was like two trains colliding when Mallen and Stark met head to head. For every swipe of the enhanced villain's claws an answering clang of unnatural metal resounded. The heat of fire and the pitching whine of repulsor blasts. There is an instance when Mallen seems to take the upper hand before Stark head butts him. Sending the would be villain tumbling back clutching his skull.
Tony faked horror and flopped back onto his side of the bed. “You wound me Steeebe...I am wounded. How dare you treat your alpha so cruelly you don't love me at all?”
They sat quietly and polished off a few pies between them. Tony felt ridiculously comfortable, he really could nap right about now but that wasn’t going to get anything done. “So…”
Her heart broke watching him considering pebble after pebble before tossing them into the silt. She could see the desperation in his eyes because she knew as well as he did. Amora didn’t love him. A mother wants to protect her child and yet she didn’t want to take this away from him. Perhaps she though… Perhaps she was wrong. Perhaps the pretty young siren would find it in her heart to return the love that the young prince was so ready to give her. Perhaps if Amora saw his devotion something in her would change.
They had a tradition in the Barton household, that on every mission Clint would call home at least one night to check in with Lara and say goodnight to the kids.
Barnes didn't want him to lose that part of himself, and right now...right now there wasn't even a shadow of the man that James knew.
“Pull back, well fall back to the ship and provide logistical support from above. We'll see how that big bitch likes a cannon blast.”
It hadn't been an 'I love you' or an 'atta boy' but it was enough. He still has that letter, stuffed in a shoe box in the back of the closet, with all the other things it hurt too much to remember, but also too much to forget.
Response to the breech attack was instantaneous. Hydra LMDs (and a few human agents) rushed out like an angry swarm. Gunfire rang out across the warehouse lot as the black uniformed men rushed out to try to hold back the siege.
( Sometimes he had ideas come to him while he was away and would save quick notes on the plane to review when he was home. It was best to get these ideas out fresh because the way Tony's mind worked he was liable to end up filing them away in his –“miscellaneous shit folder”. This was a real folder that Jarvis loathed backlogging because if his master ever does decide to tackle it, it will take no less than 23 years, 7 months, 11 days, 21 hours, 4mins, and 19 seconds. The AI could break it down the millisecond but that would be rubbing it in.)
The first time he heard the name Stephen Strange, it was on one of those celebrity gossip shows while helping Wanda cook.  The young woman looked over at him uneasily as Steve paused his stirring and listened.
In the aftermath of the blast, the villain woke to find himself on a planet not his own, surrounded by monstrous creatures and new even more deadly technology.
I know it's been a long time but yeah...bad things happened and ...well that is all. But here I am and here is a  new  chapter. I have no idea if I still have readers for this or if I deserve them but for anyone still wanting to read this - thanks for being here.
The siren shook her head and laughed, “Nah, I’m not getting anywhere near that shit show. Feel free to intervene on my behalf though.”
By the time, he went to work for Stark Industries, Tony cared more about women of all kinds … and a few men if he thought they were easy on the eyes; drinking and wild parties than he did about the company he never asked to be a part of.  Tony was building his reputation as a playboy. As a deviant, having been spotted out in an Alphas for Alphas club on occasion.
She was gone, ripped from him before he could even know her. Leaving the omega lost in a waking nightmare, a world to cruel to believe in. A world he wanted no parted of and so… He simply left it.
Stark rolled his brilliant eyes and bounced the two giggling children. “That was one time Brucey Bun, and it was a mandatory restart. I'm good now.”
“You have a meeting at noon, Mr. Yashida from TechCo made it in this morning from Tokyo, and…Tony are you even listening to me?”  Pepper watched as the billionaire laced up his shoes and threw on a hooded sweatshirt.
Sam was a kit in a candy store with the super charged jet pack propelling in through the water at high speed. It sure beat the squashed back seat of the undersea craft. “Wing blades work if you can get between the scales. I say we hit the gill slits while the fish boys keep her business end busy.”
They were as blue as sun drenched sea, so clear and sparkling with intelligence it took her breath for a moment. Those eyes…there color so strikingly similar to ones she knew well. “I will help him.”
After training the alphas parted ways. James considered the gym showers, but something was pulling him toward the elevator.
He looked up and noticed the agent had carefully pulled a chair and was now seated in front of him. Coulson had reached out and gently prized his fingers away from the nearly crushed bottle. The man unscrewed the cap and handed it back. "Take a breath and drink it. You'll feel better."
Jormungand had taken a shine to the little one early on; the serpentine eel was often seen coiled protectively around his master’s son. It was a strange sight indeed to see little Tony tugging at the creatures face and even poking the oddly patient beast in the nose.
Things had gotten a little hot and heavy during the car ride home, god bless poor Happy for rolling up the partition to keep from seeing a little too much.
“But you should.” Loki's weakened strength began to falter and he slid to his knees. Bruce was by his side instantly just as he had been from the moment he woke in the SHIELD Infirmary. Through the miserable weeks of helpless anger at waking to a pitch black world. Days when he struggled desperately to even feed himself. Even when Loki pushed the other man away and damned any kind word given him. “Why..why do you not abandon me?”
“Language Captain.” Jarvis commented, the phrase making both men smile and chuckle just a bit. At least the mood had been lightened.
Tony shifted in his seat, looking sidelong at Steve who didn’t seem to react at all. “Right, so ..Statistically speaking. What kinds of numbers are we look at here and what can we do to improve that?”
The festivities were well under way as the court gathered in grand cathedral. First came the King followed by the soon to be king. Then the queen escorted by her two younger sons Badlr and Loki, next Tony escorting his Aunt. Finally, as the crowd grew quiet they horn trumpets signaled the arrival of the next queen of Asgard.
“You might wanna keep the faceplate on, Nat might try to knife you in the eye. She‘s pretty pissed.” The archer cautioned looking over the top of his shades.
Three months ago, he had given Tony his tags. It was a small gesture but the look on the billionaires face said it meant the world. Steve regretted that he was going to miss out once again, because tucked under his socks in the bedroom dresser, on his personal floor - was a box. Small black velvet, just big enough to fit in the palm of his hand.
Steve was thankful for that. He wanted to get out of the backless gown and into his clothes, he wanted out of this little curtained off area that reminded him too much of the exam tents he’d been ushered into only to end up staring at the bright red 4F on his enlistment forms.
“My baby, I'm just like papa.” The little one said, gently laying the baby doll down on the table next to his plate. “Go to sleep now baby. I gatta eat now.”
Another surprising friendship had blossomed between himself and Pepper Romanov. It started with a safe discussion of fashion and cooking one afternoon, that rolled into teasing trash talk about the towers Alpha. Taking a few shots at Stark was somewhat of a past time for both of them, although Pepper slightly more well meant in her jabs. Pepper was also very kind and open to speak to about Loki's specific issues. As it turned out Pepper herself had experienced some considerable difficulties conceiving and this gave Loki hope, despite his own recent decisions about looking into possible adoption. It was nice to hear someone else say that sometimes when you just let go – the right thing for you will happen.
“yeah yeah, keep your round ass down.” Bucky ruffled Steve’s hair with his flesh hand, the other was still missing.  “damn, you are big.”
Peggy knew it was bad when she walked into the foyer and found Howard’s Butler sweeping up a pile of broken glass. “Hello Edwin, how is he?” Part of her didn't really want to know. She'd seen Howard at his worst before Maria and she had solemnly hoped those days were behind him. Now ...with her. This had be inevitable.
He wanted to kill him… when he looked at the soldier all he saw was his parent’s graves. The gauntlet tightened around the assets throat and threw the man atop the desk. “Now you listen to me you bats hit crazy ass hole! You never touch him! You lost that right! I should blow a fucking hole through your skull!”
Upstairs, Tony differed to Bruce to explain. Banner wasn’t happy about that but he did so anyway. Tony meanwhile ‘excused’ (ran)  out of the dining room. The hallway leading past the guestroom reeked of Steve, tickling his nose with the essence of the omega and a lingering smell of anger and distress.  It made the alpha growl and walk faster to the master suit, he needed to get away from it. Get away from the thinking that had dominated his mind all day.
“As well as could be expected, no explosions today.” Hank laughed straightening his lab coat. “Dr. Banner has agreed to come and give a guest lecture to the advanced chemistry class next week. The students are of course very excited.”
Steve rolled his shoulders and sighed. “No really, I’m happy for you Buck…I mean at least one of us will get to go right.”
The Ai was in no way convinced already relaying the pertinent information to Doctor Banners Starkpad, Bruce already changing and heading to the elevator on his own floor.  “Doctor Banner is on his way Captain.”
After  all of the kids and one reluctant archer are freed with a clean bill of health, Loki is relaxed enough to allow Jarvis's scans and Bruce's Exam.
The dreams that were far away from pain may have been easier to bear than the reality of loss, but they didn’t have this. Those dreams did not have these eyes that looked at the trickster with such care. Did not have hands and lips that caressed him with such reverence. The dream was easy but it was real, and sometimes real hurts. It aches and it tears out the heart of you. Sometimes you must feel that to cherish what you do have.
“Will the two of you get a room!” Clint groans at the kitchen entry. Thank you Hawkeye. Thank you so much.
“Turn around.” Steve growled pulling Tony up by his hair. Knowing how the billionaire liked it rough on occasion. “Drop your pants now.”
“You need to push a bit harder can you do that for me Steve?” Doctor Simmons was doing her best to stay calm but looking over at the tablet next to her giving read outs of the fetal heartbeats she was growing concerned.
“My what? You know what never mind, the point is this situation has just gone pear shaped. You have to come in.”
Color him intrigued, this had nothing to do with him, which in this case was a good thing. “Why ya callin me? Isn’t this the sort of thing you take to Fury?”
“I ..I was just so alone. All I could do was try and fix it.” Tony muttered, he didn’t want to cry again. Not if it meant waking Peter and possibly frightening him.
Steve wasn’t able to have a proper shower just yet but they did let him clean up and move out of the nesting room. He would likely head back in at some point, hormones telling him to go somewhere safe and small. The linens would need to be changed first though and until then, Steve was content enough to ease back into the plush pillows of the bed he shared with his mate.
“Hey babe.” James appeared around the corner with a mug of steaming tea, placing a kiss on his cheek before sliding the cup into his hands. “You look good.”
Tony let out a breath while they had been waiting Steve’s fever spiked and he’d already exhausted all the ice packs, and Tony wasn’t about to put Steve in an ice bath with the omegas history. Knowing all too well how easy it was to trigger a panic attack. “Then we show the serum that it’s natural, increase the o-estrogen and hope that muscle memory picks up on it and the super juice starts cooperating.”
Steve towered over the other man glaring at him, Fury not moving an inch. If Nick was nervous at all, he wasn’t showing it. “And what was that, a martyr?”
They all fell silent as the sky faded from gold to gray and gray to black. The first twinkling of stars and the too cool sea breeze driving them into their cabins. Natasha was right, and perhaps that was made this mission so deadly. If a man was capable of wishing death on an entire race, what might he do for their failure?
“Pete we talked about this buddy, now back to bed.” Tony got up from his workbench staggering just a bit; he pinched the bridge of his nose to clear his head. “Daddy is working; we will talk in the morning ok?”
Tony smiled softly, walking behind the bar. “Well tonight actually, that is if you want to. I have reservations for us, oh and um…” He paused reaching under the bar; he came up with a small box. “I thought…a bouquet would be feminine so,” He said opening the box to show a white rose boutonniere. “I will feel really silly now if you don’t go to dinner with me.”
It wasn't a perfect answer but it wasn't a bad one. James smiled at him as they walked back to their floor, his mate had seemed so much more positive lately – as if a great weight was lifted from his shoulders.  Feeling the man beside him, stronger than ever was a marvel.
“Steve?” He called, walking through the flat until he noticed a light coming from the bathroom. “Steve, you ok Hun.”
Even now, driving out of the city as the lights and buildings grew farther and farther apart, he could still see the look in his loves eyes. Just like the fading city behind him, the glow in Loki's eyes had begun to fade with every ounce of bad news. Perhaps it was easier at the time to just file that information away. It was simpler to say 'he'll be okay...he's always okay.'
“STARK!” Steve growled and fought back the urge to punch his alpha in the throat during his current contraction. “GET OUT. OUT BEFORE I THROW YOU THROUGH A WALL.”
Not after this. The ice didn't kill him but this? This was going to destroy him because Steve has put too much into this; he believed in this life and gave every piece of himself to it. Every thing in him Loved Tony. He would have never believed in loving someone that much, never in a million years and thousand lifetimes. Then it happened, it crept up and crawled into every corner until all was left belonged to brown eyes and rough hands.
“Yeah, where are they I want to see them…are they ok?” the omega looked around for his babies; Simmons had taken them shortly after they were born needed to clean up the twins and check them over.
Howard Stark was a man who could build anything… and yet he lacked the knowledge to save his own flesh and blood. The physicians were right, he needed a miracle.
Someone didn't get the 'sassy independent Steve memo' because when Bucky just showed up the day after they brought Tony home- a duffle bag full of clothes over one shoulder and a shaving kit under his arm, Steve didn't say a word.
Widow shrugged, “Seemed like you would be an interested party who didn’t want to look like an interested party. Wouldn’t want to tarnish your street-cred of being a narcissistic bastard.”
Sitting here in the rumble marinating in his own filth, Tony wondered if he could have made it. He decided quickly that No, he was not like Howard, Steve, or Bucky. He would have made a terrible soldier. Assassin though? Yeah maybe he could have been that. Now that he looked around at the bodies added to his name.
"What ever do you mean?" Loki evaded, not even very well. He was slipping and it was clear in the barely held smirk.
Looking into those soft seas colored eyes, Loki could now see little flecks of gold. Anthony’s eyes did seem darker than the first day; Loki wondered if Amora had noticed that then she would have realized her own ruse would have failed ever faster. In a way, it made things easier because it was clear that this child had no part of that sea witch in him.
Stark shakes his head as they promptly proceed up to the common room. “Please call me Tony, And I guess things are going as well as they can be.”
In a few strides, the alpha was by his side and rubbing his mates lower back “Is it the Braxton hicks again?”
“Yeah, I stopped in a few days ago. James had a therapy session downtown, and Natasha called me to see if I could come by and sit with Loki while his counselor came. He asked for me actually, and I was surprised.”
“You humans have gods to ask such favors from do you not? Yet you come to me… how telling.” She grinned and for the first time Howard realized how sharp her teeth were. How deadly she really was beneath all that beauty. “Where is he? Can he not ask himself?”
Tony gave the thumbs up and flipped down the helmets mask before entering the service door. “J, go ahead and pull up the security feed for the hospital and scan for Tasha and Agent.”
Steve shook his head as he too lured a large group by running to the east. As expected, the move pulled the attention of a good third of the auto-mounted soldiers. Rogers then spun on his heels with the shield at the ready to engage them, smashing into the snowmobiles as they crested the snowy dunes.  The Shield flew through the air knocking several other minions off their feet. What ever he couldn’t hit or slam into got some old fashion hard work when the soldier dug his feet in and slammed his palms down on the hood of an approaching winter vehicle. The rider trembled trying to unholster his weapon.
Steve and Tony were included to believe him; things were still a little sketchy on Phil’s end. He and Clint may never be where they were, but according to Natasha, the agent had attended Barton’s weekend visitation with his kids. That seemed to go smoothly.
I wish I could say I had fun writing this chapter but I kinda didn't. The reason for this? Well, I recently joined an AO3 group on facebook...kinda seeing that was a mistake now.
“Hmm, something so aspire to. I’ll try and adjust my diet accordingly so you can get your caffeine fix from my bodily fluids alone.”  Steve said moving his hand to look up at the cocky alpha.
“Stop Tony, you only want this because it's easy. Because its familiar and it feels safe to you, we haven't been us in a long time. I told you to stop drinking, you won't. I told you to give up the suits because I didn't want to lose you, what did you do?”
Tony had seen enough and advanced on the larger man, “Look you can be pissed I get that, but I’m not standing here and letting you bust holes in my tower and hurt yourself. Now sit your ass down Cap.”
The siren rose with a flush in her cheeks, eyes glittering in the low light of the jellies. “A miraculous thing has happened Thor, I was touched by the Norns, and the very gods of the seas came to me and chose me to bare this gift. A gift for you.” She spoke, reaching out to clutch at the prince’s chest plate.
Steve felt himself tear up looking out as the city dimmed and little lights flickered to life. The little torches burned for that solemn dark hour before everything returned to normal.
Darcy swam around frantically pulling different bottles down form the shelf. “I don’t know what any of this stuff does!” she whined holding up one of the shining bottles trying to figure out what the strange little plant was floating in the concoction.
“Can it be a tower? High in the sky in the above?” Tony was so curious; Loki had only taken the boy to the surface a hand full of times. Things had grown too dangerous lately, the humans were becoming more violent and some whispered that one day the land walkers would go to war.
The billionaire darted to the elevator and waited impatiently for the box to take up to Steve’s floor. It bothered him even more that Steve had been so blindly terrified he didn’t even notice that the glass partition didn’t even go all the way around the bed.
With the commotion and gunfire all around them, Coulson was surprised that he didn’t miss the subtle change in the atmosphere. An electric feeling that made the hairs on the back of your neck rise. Something he had felt only once before.
“Wow …don’t hold back tell me how ya really feel.” Barnes deflated at the smaller boy’s lack of excitement.
There is a certain kind of love a parent has for a child, it an unexplained magic that occurs with knowing that this little being is a part of you and the one you love most. This was a love that Loki did not feel those first few weeks. It was understandable, even if his magic had somehow created this child - Anthony was not natural. The baby was a product of Amora’s lies and deception. Whatever she had done to create life in such a way, Loki was sure it was just as underhanded.
"Loki..." Bruce pinched the bridge of his nose. "We didn't know what we did now. You could have died horribly trying to help us."
Stark tried to scowl, he really did but it just looked more like a gas bubble. “I don’t know!” He said throwing his hands up and climbing back onto the sofa. “I’m not good at this Pep, you know it, I know it, and pretty soon Steve’s going to know it. You should have seen his face.. Like a kid on Christmas. Then I realized that wasn’t going to last, I’m trying to spare him like I should have spared you.”
“Oh my god he’s naked.” the right thing to do would have been to stop watching. Tony wasn’t really into politically correct choices however.
The roof entrance was poorly guarded, save for a few rusted padlocks. Maybe blasting them off the hinges was overkill, but they jacked up his glorious week of naked sweaty fun so yeah, he hoped they crapped their pants in fear. You steal the weekend from Tony Stark, this is what you get.
“Isn't it Tony? I'm not stupid. With Christen or Maya, hell even Tobias I knew what that was. That was you getting your eye caught on something pretty and once you had it the magic was gone. That was you getting a little too drunk at a fundraiser or hell even you just being you! This though.....no. Don't sit there and tell me it's not what I think.” she seethes and he tries to sooth her temper but its a lost cause.
Barnes wished he had something better to say, Mallen was now standing and things are looking even worse as the once human flexed his hands and grotesque claws grew from his charged looking hands. “How long do you need.” He asked chancing a glance out a shattered window. Outside it looked like Coulson and his team are taking a beating as more hydra goons arrived. They were knee deep in this and the only was out was to just trudge straight through.
Romanov pointed “Very good soldier, just like that. My guess he’s been smoking out something bigger. Send all the lackeys into a panic so that they tighten up security around big boss.”
Tony looked almost affronted, “are you kidding me? Seriously, you have met me right? I need to set all this to a mild stun just make it through the day. If I was really trying to impress I’m cranking it up to 11.”
This is a tribute to the original David Bruce Banner,  Bill Bixby. Who's thoughtful and original portrayal of everyone's favorite gamma radiated scientist- still has Generations Falling in Love with this character.
Tony felt another little volley of thumps against his leg, which was now pressed against Steve’s stomach. No wonder his poor omega wasn’t sleeping,
With her location in mind, Amora headed to the surface, catching the jet stream and drifting through the sparkling blue waters of late afternoon.
Frigga glanced over at her grandson and noticed how sickly pale the normally tan skinned young man looked. She slipped around her other sons and gently touched her grandsons face. “Anthony, my dear you look ill.”
Tony managed to get himself upright after a few false starts. “Alright gimmie whatcha got J!” The boosters flared and shot the suit up through the murky depth like a mentos in a coke bottle.
For the next few weeks, it almost seemed too easy watching Natasha, Sam, and Clint head out of the tower on what Tasha would call “Milk-runs”.  The simple ops missions that lasted little more than a day or three at most. Steve really didn’t care for steak-outs and he wasn’t very great at stealth.  Therefore, as days turned to weeks the Captain found it simple to find a comfortable routine. He had more free time to catch up on reading and Tony had a whole list of movies that the engineer felt his omega ’absolutely had to watch.’
This was not the best time for the team to be overwhelmed, there other heavy hitter was off world and the back up members like Sam and Scott were out on separate missions. Steve would be handicapped should something happen to Tony. That last thought wasn't something that Phil wanted to touch with a 10ft pole.
The truth was, Steve was honestly not ready, it weighted on his mind that he was only 33 weeks, and while for twins that was great- it was still not full term. He was worried about the babies not being ready, being small, being sick, and a million other things he couldn’t even give voice to at the moment. So maybe if he just pretended to have all the time in the world then that would just miraculously happen.
“Don't worry so much punk. I won't let your idiot have too much fun.” Barnes joked to keep the moment light, he knows how hard this must be for Steve to let go of the reigns like this and sit at home waiting.
Tony kept watching though, it seemed the tower stereo system still worked judging by the woman’s voice crooning some spooky voodoo Esq. hymn. He watched the raven draped in a robe step onto a stone pavilion in the forests center. A gathering of green energy began at his feet and circled its wielder. That’s when the robe dropped.
What do you say when the worst thing happens? When the one person who you thought was so strong cant keep up the mask anymore. Are there words that make it better? Sweet lies that stay on our lips that say 'i had no idea' , or  'but they were so happy?'. That's the thing about moments like this, no ones ever ready for it.
When Stark returned he saw that his counterpart was awake, Steve was laying on his back in a mess of blankets with one hand running up and down his own chest panting softly. The first wave would be coming soon.
“No way dorogoy, you’re plenty able.” Natasha purred walking out of the bedroom giving Barnes a wink.
Peggy hung up her hat and coat by the door and shook out her hair, this was worse than she thought. Howard had always been rather flighty and sensitive, no matter how much he denied that fact.
Barnes wasn't complaining of course. Anything would be better than spending years in cryo or that damn chair. Even so, killing is still killing even when it’s for the righteous cause. Everyone thinks theirs is the best way and that's where shit gets so damn muddy.
Call instinct, call it desire…call it finally giving in to the one thing Tony Stark wanted since he was 12 years old looking up at those old war bond posters. The alpha moved  with swift purpose, taking Steve’s face in his hands. A brief look of questioning passed across those haunted blue eyes before Stark leaned in and captured the omegas lips.
“She doesn't Robocop, I doubt he cares. She's using this guy as a guinea pig; you think if she wants some irobot utopia, she gives a shit about collateral damage. I'd even go out a limb and say she knew SHIELD would get wind of this.”
Steve was not so much worried about Tony at that point, or even jealous, as he was ashamed for enjoying the fact that they both got along so well now. The fact that Bucky took so much care with Tony. It made Steve feel guilty for the longing he had, he should not want that. Should not expect them both to be fine with what he was thinking. What he was wishing when he looked at them, it was too much.
Steve was lying on his back with his jacket bundled up under his head and shoes discarded on the false sod. The sun was out and if you were out of the wind, it was warm. He saw them but gave no indication he was going to rise to greet them or even welcome them into the space. The last thing Steve wanted was pity and he figured that’s what this was about.
Even with that old fear clawing in his chest, Loki lifted his glistening green eyes to a man whom had always called him Brother. Even when Loki himself refused the honor.
Bucky never thought he’d look at anyone the way he used to look at Steve, but then there was this smart-ass omega with all that sass and grace. All those cutting remarks that hid so much. He saw the pain they shared and knew that Loki had demons too.
"Oh my sweet boy. None of that, not for me. I'm not afraid and I'll always be watching you my baby. Come here now let mama hold you" she said, holding the whimpering boy to her side. "You have been my joy and I don't regret a moment of being your mother. You're going to be a great man one day Steven. I just know it."
“Are you hungry? You haven’t been up yet and you need to drink that vitamin sludge Simmons sent for you.” Tony said kissing the bare shoulder closest to him.
"You where the first real friend I ever had..." Bruce can't keep it together while practicing the eulogy. He told Pepper he would do it, she said it would have meant so much to Tony because really...Bruce and Rhodes were like brothers to him.  Why was he always having to say goodbye to people he loves? Why did he almost feel jealous that Tony could check out like this and leave them behind...leave him behind.
Amora was furious, having been jilted by her two best chances at power. That did not mean she had lost completely, Odin had one more son.
The mated pair stared at each other for a long time as if daring the other to blink. Finally, Tony could not take it anymore, “Why do you have to disagree about this? I thought we decided a clinical setting was more rational.”
“I won’t give up on you Steven!” The inventor sniffed back his tears and now was down in a chair by the soldiers bedside clutching the mans hand and kissing the omegas knuckles. “I…I love you.”
"Ok Petey Pie timed to go. Did you have fun?" Stark asked picking up the boy and ruffling the little pups hair.
The trio greeted each other before Natasha was able to slip off for a proper shower, finally able to get out of her gear and into some lounge pants – Tony's, a sweatshirt,- Steve's, and socks – Bruce's.
“Aside from the obvious yeah,” Steve shifted on the sofa, “I should go back upstairs before I start ruining furniture. God this is embarrassing.”
"Anything your heart desires. I wish only a moment of your time, to see you smile and listen to your wit. What do you say?"
"Well he grew up. That's what people do..we learn to adult after we've pissed away all that youth. Its easier on the joints." Tony leaned back watching the younger man pout. He couldn't even say Loki was wrong. Part of him still wanted to bend that mouthy brat over and....
He turned to see Tony standing there in a suit of his own, this one a deep charcoal with a slate grey shirt and red tie. He looked gorgeous. “Blue to match your eyes.” he said again.
Steve exhaled slowly, adjusting his grip on the wood frame of the headboard where Tony had placed his hands. He was immersed in trying to think of anything but the next caress, the next tease that Tony would bestow. They were regular touches, so Steve wasn’t left guessing, but he still felt like he was, like every time it should turn into something more. It didn’t, and he was left on that cliff’s edge.
They come to a stop in the little town of Cannon Beach, Oregon, just as the tide is going out. The sun sets as they explore the tide pools. Tony finds a few starfish and some coral. Steve, of course, has an eagle’s eye, and even spots a vibrant crab. They troop back in from the ocean, shivering but laughing, eyes alight with the joy of discovery.
“You’re so lovely, debauched like this,” Tony told him affectionately, running a hand down his flank. “I almost don’t want to clean you up.”
[Slice the jugular. Knife in left boot. Strangle. Garrotte hidden in bra. Bludgeon with chair leg.] Natasha, of course. She said thinking of ways to kill whoever was speaking helped her get through team meetings without going crazy.
Steve remembered Tony’s speech about gender roles in relationships, how limiting one partner or another was generally bullshit, and decided he could at least mention it. Tony had yet to laugh at his suggestions for their sex life.
“There was nothing you could have done,” Steve argues. “No one saw this coming. We all trusted him.”
Steve pulled back to reply, but Tony’s petting hardened to fists as he held him on his cock. Keeping him where he wanted. Steve sighed and relaxed into Tony’s hold. “Clint knows what Natasha knows,” Tony continued, sounding much less affected than Steve. “Thor is the god of fertility, you know. He has a sixth sense for when people are horny. and Bruce would take one look at your ears turning such a pretty red and instantly know what you were thinking.”
“Lube,” Tony reminded as Steve tore at the button of his jeans. Steve yanked the offending fabric off, boxers and all, and knelt to help Tony’s feet out of them. He leaned forward and pinned Tony’s hips to the wall with one arm, and used his other had to guide Tony’s hardening cock between his lips and down his throat.
Steve was truly enjoying himself. Hanging out with Tony so much did very little to slow his free-fall of attraction to him, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. A day being friends with Tony was better than all his daydreams combined, and he couldn’t bear to give it up.
“Even if that was any of your business, it still wouldn’t matter. Straight people have open relationships too, and God doesn’t smite any of
“Oh,” Tony said again, stupidly, and then they were kissing, and the space between them hadn’t changed, but it felt like it had, like there was something between them that hadn’t been there before. Something precious, something loved.
With two fingers scissoring inside Steve, Tony could reach his prostate easily. He glanced by it with every thrust. Steve moaned and shouted his pleasure, feeling his cock harden once more, stretching the front of the panties obscenely.
Tony gave him a blinding smile, a wicked kiss, and a slap on the ass, then he discarded the towel. He climbed back into bed with his own panties back on, and snuggled close to Steve’s side in bed. “Sleep well, darling,” he whispered.
“Stay,” he growled low in Tony’s ear, biting hard at the shell of it. Then he lowered both his hands to grab possessively at his hips, hard enough to leave the fingerprint bruises Tony loved. The thought of seeing those bruises in the morning had Tony light-headed and grinding back into Steve’s building rhythm. He kept his wrists crossed above him.
“We’re lucky,” he thinks aloud, mumbling into the wild mess of Tony’s hair. “Lucky to be alive. To be together.”
Steve didn’t stop thrusting, chasing his own peak, but this time, the bursts of pleasure from Steve’s relentless fucking felt muted enough that the didn’t overpower Tony. He floated dazedly, feeling secure and used in the most perfect way, while Steve held him right where he wanted and fucked him hard. This, this was what Tony was wanting. What they’d both been needing.
“Yes, more,” he whined. The armor pushed two slick fingers in, and this time Tony could feel the slight burn of a stretch. He loved that feeling.
Steve cuts him off by standing and pulling Tony into a hug. The touch is so unexpected, and it sends tingles spider-webbing under his skin, and he can’t help but sigh and lean into it. It feels amazing, like he’d just been dunked in cool water after a month in the direct sun.
Steve smiled again, his eyes bright. Then he leaned in slow, as if to give Tony a chance to change his mind. Finally, dry lips pressed against Tony’s, and he felt his eyes fluttering shut.
It wasn’t a tight hold he was in, not at all, but Tony knew if he tried, he wouldn’t be able to break it. He had the commands for this bot, of course. He could get out any time he wanted. But caught in its arms now, Tony couldn’t help but feel a thrill at the prospect of being held, put on display. His cock started to thicken in his jeans.
Finally, Tony carefully withdrew, a line of sticky come following the tip of his cock. He knelt up between Steve’s knees, carefully moved the panties back into place, so his come would leak out of Steve and spoil them. Steve could have come again at just the thought, but exhausted as he was, his cock only gave another spurt and settled, soft, in the front of his panties.
was why he put up with the press and the paparazzi. This moment, and moments like these for every out person and every closeted person, were why he was so unapologetically loud. Because everyone deserved to have this moment, even Tony Stark. Even him.
“Listen, I noticed you’re going through my range programs a little bit faster than normal, and like, I know it’s a coping mechanism to shoot things, so. If you want I could update the system? Give you a little more to play with while you’re waiting for Thor to get back with his mom’s magic tea.”
“Please, yes, Tony, please,” Steve whined. He was ready to beg more, and his cock was almost purple it was so hard. But Tony, benevolent even in his cruelty, lifted a single hand and ran the palm flat across the head of his cock with little fanfare.
"He was the cause of Mr. Stark's death. He was dealing weapons under the table, and paid to have Mr. Stark kidnapped and executed. I didn't want to kill him though. I wanted to turn him over to the police and let them handle it. But then he ripped out my heart," he tapped the arc reactor in his chest. Steve flinched. "He never truly cared about me. And when I stood in the way of his plans he made that very clear. I had to kill him. It was self-defense."
There was a moment of silence before Clint said, "Merry Christmas, Cap." The archer got into his vehicle and drove away. Steve hovered in the garage, looking at the deep tire tracks left in the snow. Wherever Tony was, Steve hoped he was warm.
"Doesn't matter. What matters is getting you patched up," Steve knelt down next to Clint and pat his shoulder. "I vote we start searching for civilization."
Steve looked confused for a moment. He shrugged and collected the cake. Peter started to leave the kitchen, but Steve grabbed him by the arm. "Hang on, I still haven't given you your birthday gift."
"He's not here. If your gonna do something, do it. Or leave me alone." Peter shouldered past them and practically threw the pizza into the microwave.
"I'm...leading a mission?" Spidey didn't think his lenses could get much wider. Steve and Tony led missions. Natasha sometimes led missions when neither men were available. But Spidey? He didn't even get to say "Avengers Assemble".
Tony rolled his eyes and took one, not bothering to take off his heavy gloves. He quickly got back to work after finishing the treat. Peter stayed close by, watching him work. Tony noticed Peter had his camera slung around his neck and asked, "how's the new job? Jameson isn't giving you a hard time is he?"
"Because you're my friend and you should know. Also, it gets lonely down here sometimes." He added the last bit in a whisper. "Also, I..."
Tony already had plans for May's Iron Man suit. Or rather, Iron Woman. He knew Peter and MJ wouldn't approve, so he kept it between him and May. It was their little secret.
"Well, he was last night. He and Clint were causing problems in my lab. Didn't you hear them? I had to get Vision's help to kick them out. Fucking punks." Steve laughed. He was about to say something when Tony's phone beeped. "Fucking group chat...sorry, better make sure this isn't an emergency."
"No," Peter agreed, raising his head to look at his arms. On both limbs, a single thin scar ran from the center of his palm, all the way to the inside of his elbow. He traced the one on his left arm with an index finger, "you never told me how these happened."
"Why are you on the floor?" Bucky asked, staring down at Tony. The engineer was hunched over, fiddling with something in his lap. Tools and blueprints were strewn all around him. Bucky wasn't quite sure what he was working on. Something that lit up whenever Tony tugged on a certain wire. "And what happened to your legs?"
"If I get in too deep I'll call you guys. I promise." Peter said, earning an unimpressed look from Michelle. "And If I get in super deep I will call the Avengers. Happy?"
He yanked Bucky's head up and snarled in his ear, "you dare attack me in my own home?" Bucky was suddenly very aware that all the bots in the workshop had surrounded them. They whirred angrily. Dumm-E was snapping his claw, ready to rip apart Bucky. That's when it clicked.
"You're heavy, get off," Steve pressed his hands up against the breastplate, but the robot still didn't budge.
A new memory drifted into his subconscious. The one of Bruce holding him down while Wanda sewed his mouth shut, only it had been altered. Now it was Steve who held him down, and Tony held the needle...
Steve did as she instructed. Venom broke free the moment he returned. Steve lunged for Venom, and after a brief tussle, both adults were able to wrestle the symbiote to the ground. Steve plunged the syringe into Peter's neck. Venom let out a blood-curdling scream. Black tendrils shot out of his body, throwing the Avengers in opposite directions. Venom stumbled to his feet. The black goo on Peter's body became unstable. Large quantities splatted on the ground, while the tendrils danced around his body, trying to latch back onto him. His entire form was still covered in the dark paste. For a moment, a bit of red from the Spider-man suit was visible. But only for a moment. The elder Avengers tried to get closer to him once more, but the tendrils kept them at bay.
The Quinjet took off as soon as everyone was on board. They had only been flying for about ten minutes before Steve heard the distinct tapping of Tony's fingers against his arc reactor.
Tony rolled onto his back. He had been thinking about that robot ever since their fight. He did recognize that voice. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't put a name to it.
"We need to move. Now." Steve ran from the room. His teammates followed, all of them determined to save their friend.
"Iron Man!" Captain America was running towards him, shield in one hand and the other outstretched for Tony.
"No." Stark said firmly. He could handle the missing file issue on his own. The armored Avenger had been uncharacteristically quiet during the meeting. He also hadn't spared a single glance at his son, opting to look anywhere other than at the younger man sitting right next to him.
Dinner that night was less than pleasant. Bruce cooked for everyone, including Tony, who he desperately wanted to make amends with. Unfortunately, the cyborg refused to come out of his workshop. The remaining members of the team picked at their dinner. None of them had been hungry as of late. It was hard to eat after learning their friend had been held captive tortured for the second time in his life.
"Jesus, Tony!" Rhodey dropped his head into his hands, "this is no way to raise a child! What if something happened to him?"
"I don't give a rat's ass about what's on that tape. I ain't watching it," Clint declared. The team had just gathered in the conference room. The holographic recording Tony had made was displayed in the center of the table. Bucky had tried to play it as soon as everyone was present, but half of the team had shut him down.
Steve didn't have to be asked twice. He slipped one arm behind Tony's shoulders, and the other under his knees. Tony let out a small squeak of protested when he was lifted off the ground but otherwise remained silent. Steve's broken ribs burned from overexertion but he didn't care. All he cared about right now was getting Tony medical help.
Slowly, Peter put on his mask, tucking the ends of it into the neck of his suit. He tightened the straps on his bag and zipped up his jacket. "Alright. Let's do this." Spider-man threw himself from the window, landing gracefully two stories below. The frost crunched under him as he sprinted across the lawn.
"I can't help you. Not if you're going to keep fighting me every step of the way," Pepper said slowly. "If you want to rot away in that tin can, never able to show your face outside this lab, never allowing yourself to be loved...then fine. That's your decision. But I'm not going to stick around and watch you rot. I just can't." Pepper turned on heel and left before Tony could say anything else.
Iron Man grabbed him just in time. But he wasn't able to change his flight direction in time. The two crashed into the ocean, with Iron Man twisting his body underneath Steve and taking the full force of the crash. After a minute of flailing in the water, the two managed to get their heads above the waves. Iron Man used his working jet boot to push them to the shore.
"We're multitasking," Clint chirped. He took out another alien with an exploding arrow. These things were nowhere as advanced as the Chitauri. Their weapons consisted mostly of blades and a few guns. A bomb here and there. As far as alien invasions go, this one was not that bad. Clint figured they could have this wrapped up by dinner.
"My pleasure. Always here to help the Avengers," Stephen stood up and dusted off his pants. "Allow me to show you to the guest room. You are welcome to stay here until Spider-man has recovered." Tony nodded and scooped Peter into his arms. The boy's head rested under his chin. Stephen levitated up another flight of stairs and down a hallway. A door opened without anyone touching it.
"Aaand more glowy alien guns. Again, no creativity!" Spider-man made to web the gun when white hot pain suddenly exploded in his back. Instinctively, the wall crawler leaped to the ceiling. "Rude!" He yelled at the third robber, who was wielding a much larger alien weapon. "I don't have time for this..." Spider-man made quick work and disarming all three men and webbing them to the counter. Pissed off and sore, Spidey left them without another word. He retrieved his bag and continued web slinging across the city.
"The gas mask distorted my voice. Which, in my defense, I didn't know that it would until I started talking. So I decided to have a bit of fun with it."
Peter shook his head and pulled away. "It says I can't trust you. I'm sorry." He ran, ignoring the upset shouts behind him.
When Tony revealed himself, the tension in the air was so thick you could cut it with a knife. Everyone had a short fuse. There was a lot of yelling in the two weeks leading up to Tony's disappearance. It was the wrong kind of sound, but at least there was sound. Then Tony went missing and it was as if all life had been sucked out of the building. Things just fell...quiet. People would be upbeat and energetic during missions, but as soon as the team returned home, all that energy vanished. No one wanted to admit they missed the cyborg. No one wanted to admit that Iron Man had been the heart of their team. Or that they had made a mistake by pushing him away. It made Natasha's blood boil, the way certain people wanted him gone, up until he actually left, and suddenly they weren't okay with him leaving. But did they help with search efforts? No. Of course not. Cause no one was willing to remove the sticks from their asses.
Peter tossed the sheets to the side and looked down at his body, expecting to see the symbiote still there. It wasn't. Neither was his Spider-man costume. Someone had changed him into a t-shirt and sweat pants. "I'm...okay..." Peter rubbed his arms, the memory of the symbiote sliding across his skin to fresh in his mind. God, it had been
"There are two moons." Steve looked up, and sure enough, there were two moons. One was slightly larger than the other and had a slight red tinge. Steve opened his mouth to say something, but his mind couldn't form any words. "Where the hell are we?" Tony whispered.
Natasha found the wording of that last sentence a bit odd, "it 'tells you'? As in it talks to you? Like it has a mind of its own?"
I hope you enjoyed a more lighthearted chapter. The next one will be super light and fluffy as well. Peter needs a break. As do you, my dear readers.
"Steve's my other dad, I guess. He and Tony are together." Peter continued. "And I'm an Avenger. I made it Aunt May, I'm an Avenger!" Peter forced a smile. "It's a shitty job, honestly. It keeps me away from Queens, and no matter what you do, there are always going to be people who slip right through your fingers. Innocent people. I guess that's why we call ourselves the Avengers. Cause we can't save everyone...so...yeah..." Peter hung his head, brushing his finger tips over the grass. "I have a girlfriend. You always teased me about not having one, Ben. So suck it!" Peter smiled for real this time. "Tony said you guys used to work together," he spoke to his father's headstone now. "Said you guys made some kind of weapon. There are people after it now." Peter made a disgusted noise and shook himself, "I don't know why I'm telling you this. Why I'm talking to a bunch of rocks. Can you guys, like, do something? Prove to me that you're listening? God, I sound crazy."
"Because he has nowhere else to go, you twat." Iron Man held his arms out, waving at the empty air around him. He moved a bit closer to the Vulture and held out his hand, "Peter, come here."
Peter smiled back before heading off down the hall. He paused in the living room, tapping his knuckles on the Iron Man helmet on the mantle. "Night, dad."
"People have families other than this one," Steve looked down at the dark liquid in his hands. "Kinda expected it to just be us this year."
Tony dove out of the way just in time, the buck's antlers crashing into the tree right behind him. The entire tree shook with the sheer force of the blow. The buck reared and went for the next closest person. Steve. Steve might be a super soldier, but without his shield, he wouldn't stand a chance. "Oh no, you don't!" Tony shot a repulsor at the stampeding animal, hitting it in the shoulder. "Eyes on me, big guy!" The deer reared again, kicking its front legs. A black ink like substance was oozing from the burn on its shoulder. It charged at Tony once more, he rolled out of the way, shooting another repulsor at the buck's legs. That just made the buck angrier. Steve made a move to run at Tony, but the engineer held his arm out. "Stay back, I got this!" He shot the deer directly in the forehead. The deer collapsed in a pool of black ink.
"He's up. I don't think he'll be joining us for breakfast, though," Bucky said with a shrug. "He was awful upset about some stuff last night. I think he needs more time to calm down."
"Maybe...even if Osborn doesn't have him, Peter was clearly hurt by something," Tony reminded his team. "We need to find the Venom."
"I don't think anyone's been home for a long time," Steve said. Bruce turned the knob, a bit surprised by just how easy the door swung open. Bruce slowly crept inside, the aged wood creaking under his shoes. The rest of the team soon followed, leaving Tony on the porch. The engineer looked around at the cabins. Wondering once again, where were they? They had been flying over Colorado when the lightning storm hit. So they had to be somewhere in the Rockies. But the ground seemed much too flat for that. He remembered seeing a mountain range when they were up on that cliff. But the trees blocked his view of it now.
The golden light disappeared from Stephen's hands. Peter went limp. Stephen held him up and nodded for Stark to come over. Tony darted to his side and eased Peter down to the floor, cradling his head in his lap.
"To answer your question, Ms. Romanoff, that was the Clean Slate Protocol," Jarvis announced when the explosions died down. "Designed to keep the Iron Man armors from falling into the wrong hands."
Steve returned a few hours later, removing Iron Man from his garage and forcing him to participate in movie night. He shoved the bot between him and Bucky.
"No." Peter choked out. He felt himself sway on the metal beam. Quickly, he threw out a hand to steady himself. Iron Man hovered next to his husband, his remaining gauntlet ready to fire. Clint was readying an arrow.
The tower started to tilt. The windows shattered and a large part of the ceiling caved in. "GO, GO, GO!" Steve screamed.
"I honestly couldn't say. It could bring everyone back together. Or it could split us apart for good. Won't know until it happens."
"Jarvis," Tony jumped up. Steve stopped typing, his eyes following the shorted man as he paced around the room. "I mean, I did fix him. You can talk to him again, and he'll answer, but it's not the same!"
Spider-man's lenses stretched wide. How did Toomes get out of prison? Were these people seriously planning to take down the Avengers? He had thought Doc Ock was just after him. Whatever was going on, Peter was in way over his head. The logical thing to do would be to get the hell out of there and call the Avengers for back up. Unfortunately, Spider-man's thought process didn't quite work like that. He let himself drop down from the ceiling. He kept to the shadows as he slowly crept towards the group.
And fight they did. Metal clashed against metal. Sparks flew. Repulsors screamed. Tony was screaming too, out of pure pent-up rage. Obadiah had taken everything from him. And he was going to get his revenge. Obadiah grabbed him by the throat. Tony threw his weight to the side, sending them spiraling through the clouds. He managed to through Obadiah off. The older man regained his balance and barrelled into Tony's chest. The force of the blow was not pleasant. Tony used his flares to push Obadiah back. He shot his repulsor directly at the other man's head. Obadiah must have had the same idea, because his own repulsor met Tony's halfway. The two beams billowed between them, forming an angry, pulsing ball of energy. It wasn't going to pretty when it blew. Yet neither man backed down. Tony clenched his free hand and leaned forward, putting more power into his repulsor. His hand shook inside the gauntlet, but the armor held steady. Obadiah let out a shriek and put more force into his as well. Energy spiked in the middle. It was becoming unstable. White light engulfed the sky and then...
"I don't know what you think you saw. Or what Peter told you. But he was never here last night. Now. Please leave the premises."
Powerful wings beat directly above them. Claws wrapped around Steve's torso. With a shocked cry, the Captain was yanked into the air. Tony threw out his legs and arms, keeping himself from sliding down the tunnel any further. He scrambled back out of the hill, his heart pounding in his chest.
Steve remained silent. His eyes were trained on another screen, watching Norman Osborn sprinting through the corridors. Suddenly all of the screens went to static.
"Mute," Tony waved his hand. He had finished repairing his armor a few hours ago, but the workshop as a whole still needed a lot of work. Satisfied that all the broken glass had been swept up, he got to work on putting the furniture back upright. Once that was finished, he put his hands on his hips and looked around the room. Still so much to do. But he didn't regret a single thing.
Steve brushed his hand over Tony's and leaned closer to the shorter man, "you worry too much," he kissed him softly on the lips. Tony's eyes fluttered shut, enjoying every second of the kiss. He unfolded his arms and moved them around Steve. They broke apart when they heard someone gasp.
"No, sir, you don't understand, your biology doesn't match up with his. So it's possible that the symbiote just won't-"
"Do you have to do that right here?" Bucky groaned. The cyborg was seated on the floor, his right arm in pieces on the table. "Don't you have, I don't know, a
"There's no 'if'." Peter took a large bite of pancake, then continued, "they will come for me. And they will try to kill me. But I won't go down without a fight."
Spider-man huddled against the wall of an apartment building, his lenses zoomed in on a window at the other end of the block. The communicator in his ear crackled. He had gone out web slinging as soon as he was off the clock, completely forgetting about his plans to visit the Avengers.
"Oh my god..." Steve whispered. He set the box down on the table and thumbed through the albums. He recognized every single one of the singers. Some of the music could still be found online, but a lot of what was in the box had been lost in time. "This is...I don't know what to say...are you sure I can have these?"
Peter nodded slowly, not taking his eyes off the man's bright green eyes. His spider sense was tingling. Joe set the hot dog in the window and Peter instantly snatched it up. "Well, it was nice, um, seeing you again. But I have old ladies to help across the street. Bye!" Peter hurried off.
"Yeah, yeah. Get changed and let's go get lunch," Harry jabbed him in the side. Spider-man hurried off, returning as Peter Parker shortly after. The two men went to a sub shop a few blocks over. They had a fairly pleasant conversation until Harry brought up his father.
Natasha stopped in her tracks and shook herself. Peter dying was not something she wanted to think about.
Iron Man had never flown so fast in his life. It took him mere minutes to reach Queens. And it wasn't long before he found the masked avengers sprawled out on a fire escape. Tony felt like he might be sick at the mere sight of his son, battered, broken and bleeding out. Peter had his left arm draped over his chest, held in place by webbing. Crimson soaked his torso and dripped down his right arm, which hung between the bars of the fire escape. Most of his mask was gone, the right lens and some stray strands of fabric being the only things that remained strapped to his head.
Tony waved his hands, "no, no, let's start over. I adopted a teenager four years ago. He's not my real kid-"
No one saw Tony. The cyborg had locked himself in the workshop the night Steve broke up with him and hadn't come out since. Bucky was angry. Angry at the Avengers for not trying to make amends with Tony. The Cyborg had risked his life to rescue the team. And none of them had even thanked him. They had just yelled at him and turned their backs on him. Bastards. Bucky was also angry with Steve. For making Tony feel unloved. Steve had every right to be mad. But he was supposed to be a responsible adult and team leader. He should be talking to Tony about this. Not abandoning him. Bucky had half a mind to lock everyone in a closet and force them to get along.
"Actually, Clint is the one who came through here and knocked everything over. Little shit." Not finding what he wanted, Iron Man kicked the box under the workbench. He marched over to a larger box and flipped open the lid. The bot didn't usually make much noise when he walked, other than the soft whirring of his joints. But right now he was storming around the garage, metal feet clanging on the concrete, and his joints practically screaming. Steve wondered if he was being loud on purpose, or if he needed to oil his joints.
Tony eventually landed at Rhodey's cabin, which had last been used when the Avengers had sought refuge after Iron Man had been framed for murder. Tony didn't turn on any of the lights. He wandered through the massive building, allowing the moonlight to light his way. Tony found himself walking slower and slower until he came to a halt by the balcony. The balcony where Steve had confessed his love for Iron Man. Tony smiled softly at the memory. Steve had been so honest with him. So kind. Tony remembered the way that his hair had shined in the moonlight. The warm, loving smile on his face. He wished Steve would smile at him like that again. Maybe he should have told Steve the truth then? No. Then the team would've just abandoned him sooner. Hell, they probably would've turned him over to SHIELD. Tony shuddered at the thought.
Tony looked over at his suit. It was pretty beat up, but fully functional. Especially now that his damaged arc reactor had been replaced.
"Don't sneak up on me..." Natasha relaxed ever so slowly. She put the gun down on the kitchen table.
"Most of them, yes. Don't tell my dads. They'll be upset. They've been trying really hard to help me deal with the PTSD, but...yeah..." Peter turned his phone over and over in his hands, fingertips brushing over the slick surface. He had been texting MJ for the past hour. Their conversation had gone from him explaining why he wouldn't be home for awhile, to them debating the proper way to toast a marshmallow. Peter loved his family dearly, but he couldn't help but feel slightly tense around them as of late. MJ, however, had never done a damn thing wrong, and Peter felt nothing but ease when he was around her. Just texting her helped him feel better about the current situation. She was his anchor, and he had decided a long time ago that he would do literally anything for her.
"Our evidence says otherwise," Maria flicked her hand. A third whip snapped around Tony's throat and yanked him back several feet.
"Fine." Wanda took the gun and shot the man in the head. Spider-man scrambled back, lenses wide. An innocent person had just been shot right in front of him. Guilt clenched Peter's heart, making it difficult to breathe.
"Move!!" He yelled. The woman stayed put, her eyes flooded with tears, mouth open in a panicked scream that hadn't quite left her throat. "Hurry! This is heavy!!" Spider-man's arms strained under the weight. The woman gathered her child and darted off.
The doors slid open, and in walked Spider-man. Tony was relieved to see him walking normally again. His healing factor must have kicked in.
"We need to find out who attacked Stark's kid. And bring them in before they can strike again," Natasha explained from her spot on the other side of Captain Rogers. "The security camera's in the area are dodgy. This is the only footage we have."
Everyone, including the Hulk, was knocked to the ground. Tony jolted into a sitting position when he heard the crackling of fire. "Fuck...who did that?!" Flames had emerged from the freshly made hole in the wall and were quickly eating up the area around it.
"You got it, boss." Clint could see his muscles tense under the red and blue fabric. Peter had been through hell and back multiple times in the past few months, and it showed. The way he spoke commanded respect and Clint was more than willing to give it to him.
"There's nothing there, Tony." Steve's eyebrows knit together in confusion. "Have you been drinking? Or smoking something?"
"Yeah, yeah. Let's wrap this up. This is getting bor-OOF!" Something rammed into him from behind, sending him crashing into a parking garage. Tony grunted as he pushed himself to his knees. "The hell?"
"Will do. Take this." Bruce passed over the tablet. He shifted around nervously as his friends vanished into the mine. He stayed where he was for another minute until the cold got the better of him. The scientist hurried back to the jet, the frost cracking under his feet.
Thor waltzed into the kitchen, holding his arms wide, "it is good to be back in Midgard! It has been much too long! I am eager to once again partake in the drinking of coffee!"
"I know. I know. I just...I don't want people to keep messing with my body. It's mine." Peter hugged himself.
"I will," Tony promised. With that, he headed for the Quinjet. "Jarvis, you got a lock on Steve's comm?" He took a seat in the pilot's chair, Steve's shield propped up against his leg.
"So aggressive," Clint muttered as he continued to look around the workshop. It looked like something straight out of a sci-fi movie.
"What's wrong?!" Tony asked, fearing the worst. He looked across the street to see Spider-man and Osborn still fighting. Spider-man was still in one piece, so that was good.
"You're an awful awful human being." Stark groaned. He flopped down in a seat, holding his head in one hand. He felt like he had aged twenty years in the past twenty-four hours alone.
"Jarvis! Alert the Avengers! Armed intruder in the-oof!" The man kneed Bucky in the gut. Usually, that wouldn't have hurt the super soldier. But knees weren't usually made out of metal. A fist connected with Bucky's jaw. "JARVIS!!" Bucky roared. The AI didn't answer. Bucky tried to stand, only to be kicked in the knee. Bucky fought back, but the man's strength rivaled his own, and pretty soon Bucky found himself lying flat on his back. The man kicked Bucky again, flipping him onto his stomach. He pressed his metal knee painfully against Bucky's spine, pinning him in place. He used his metal hand to wrench Bucky's prosthetic behind his back, and his other to grab Bucky's hair.
"Banner and Maximoff are at Oscorp." The AI reported. Tony still had access to the security cameras at Oscorp after hacking into them a few days ago, and he had asked FRIDAY to keep an eye on them.
"LET GO. OF. ME." In one fluid motion, Tony had risen from his chair and knocked Steve back with the full force of his body. Steve fell against the opposite workbench. The collision pushed the table back, its legs scraping loudly on the concrete floor. A coffee mug fell off and shattered on the ground.
"They're dead! Oh, my god, the other bots must have risen up and killed them!" Clint threw his hands in the air. "Damnit! Steve owed me five dollars! What am I supposed to do now?!"
Iron Man was dealing still dealing with unrequited love, as far as Steve knew. So that could be part of the reason for his silence.
Pepper took a deep breath. "At least tell Steve your feelings for him. Everyone can see that he loves you."
"No, no. I'm fine. My web just pulled my muscles the wrong way. We're all good here," Peter sputtered. He crawled up into the ceiling rafters. The lenses of his mask adjusted in size multiple times as he scanned the battle.
"Fine! Then you're a glorified Tamagachi!" Clint shot back. Iron Man made a grab for Clint, but Steve got in between them. Bucky's eyes were glued to the cyborg. He could picture the man inside almost perfectly. He had a pretty good idea what facial expression he wore, as well. Steve shouldered Iron Man to the other side of the room. He spoke to him in a soft voice, doing his best to calm him down. Steve's hands ghosted over Iron Man's arms and down to his hands. Iron Man settled down when Steve threaded their fingers together.
"You thought wrong, bitch!" Clint jumped up and threw a snowball. Peter yelped. "Bullseye!" He ducked back down when another lump of snow sailed right for him.
the kitchen. Or even tower. "Let's get out of here..." Spider-man adjusted his mask and crawled through an air duct. Henry sat on his shoulder, silent as ever.
"Yes, Captain Rogers. There is plenty more information. However, you do not have clearance to view them."
"I know." Bucky stood, his chair squeaking loudly against the wood floor. "Assemble the Avengers. Right
"Since when do you ever want to talk to people before throwing punches? I'm gonna beat him up, then we can ask questions about Bruce and Wanda."
"I did. That was a long time ago, Bruce." Peter's eyes were dark, his expression was unreadable. "You really think I would willingly go with you?"
"It doesn't matter. Peter's not allowed to date until marriage. Hey! Peter! Stop kicking my seat, you little shi-"
Bruce went over to help Tony look. He froze in his tracks when he caught sight of Tony's arc reactor. The usually bright blue glow was dim. It flickered twice. "Is that supposed to be...doing that?" He motioned at Tony's chest, right when the reactor flickered again. They didn't know much about the reactor, other than the fact that it powered the Iron Man suit. Tony got defensive whenever anyone mentioned the arc reactor, so no one asked about it.
"Who are you talking to?" Wanda spoke from the background. Peter's response was muffled by the sound of someone grabbing the phone. "How'd you get my phone?!" Wanda demanded. A flutter of different sounds came through the speaker, possibly from Peter and Wanda fighting over the device. It was cut off by a loud smack, and a crash of something falling over. The line went dead.
"Shh...it's okay..." Wanda brushed the back of her hand over the side of Peter's face. Spider-man was shaking badly so Wanda continued to comfort him until he calmed down.
Tony moved silently along the back wall of his lab. A man about Peter's age was rummaging through a set of drawers by a work bench. The man didn't find what he was looking for and started fumbling with the actual objects on the workbench. He had his back to Tony, allowing the older man to creep up behind him. Tony slipped a gauntlet on and aimed the repulsor at the back of his head. The man stilled at the sound of the repulsor powering up. "Lose something?"
"Not while we are under lockdown. The force fields are preventing me from scanning for life forms. But I can still do this." Vision became semi-transparent as he drifted through the walls.
"Stark has a kid?" Bucky gave Steve a nervous look. "I really don't like that idea of a miniature Stark. He'll go right for my shins."
The tunnel opened up into a gigantic cave. The cave was lined with conveyor belts and metal tables. Machines darted around the area, building other machines. There were at least a dozen people moving around the room, dressed in lab coats and performing various tasks. Sparks were flying all over the place, and the metal clanging echoed all around them. The two Avengers ducked behind a rock before anyone could spot them.
Natasha gladly accepted the mug. "Hot chocolate with extra marshmallows? Oh, Cap, you know me so well."
Steve took the headset back. "Iron Man, please trust us. We're going to clear your name and bring the real killer to justice, but first, we need to get you to safety. SHIELD is still on your tail, and we both know that they don't negotiate."
"Yes. I will," Steve marched forward and grabbed Tony by the collar. The repulsor was pointed at his temple now but Steve didn't care. "Nothing could ever replace you. Do you hear me?! Nothing! Do you want to know why? Because you're special! You're important, and you deserve to live a happy life, just like everyone else of this fucking team! You've been through too much bullshit to give up now!" Tony looked taken aback. Steve continued, "Tony Stark isn't dead. He's standing right in front of me, and I'm going to make sure he keeps standing. Because I'll be damned if I let you fall again. You're important to me. To the team. To the world. We
"Programming," the bot echoed. "You never were one to follow your programming, though. Too much human in you, I suppose."
"I'm already dead Pepper!" Tony shouted. There were so many emotions swirling around his face. Rage. Agony. Sorrow. He looked away to hide them from her. "I've been dead for years. This," he motioned to the remains of the mark 46, "was nothing but a glorified casket. You know that. And I know that. I was rotting away on the inside just like you said."
"Maybe not. But it was my life's work. And you ran it into the ground. Ruined my life. Blasted me into another dimension."
"You need exercise. And I need fresh air. So we're going for a walk," Natasha started for the door. Peter hesitated before following her. A lap around the Avenger's personal floor couldn't hurt. Although he was surprised to see Natasha heading for the elevator.
"Ready for round two, Stark?" Bruce sneered. Tony tried to move but the suit didn't obey him. Instead, it's targeting system locked onto Spider-man. His fist uncurled, the repulsor taking aim.
"Remember the plan!" Spider-man yelled right before running off the jet. He jumped off the side of the building and web slinged around a corner. Iron Man and War Machine blasted after him, following him for a few blocks before flying off in a different direction. Their job one job today was to take down the Hulk.
Steve shifted around, not taking his eyes off Tony's panic stricken face. He vaguely remembered Phil telling him something about Tony being kidnapped and tortured. He had meant to look into it, but he was still struggling with computers and hadn't gotten around to it. "Tony-"
The Cyborg darted after Bucky and tackled him. The two men tumbled to the floor in a tangled of limbs. Meanwhile, the blanket bundle unraveled, scattering the cybernetic components everywhere. "How do you have so much anger inside that tiny body?!" Bucky snapped.
Tony slapped a hand on top of the helmet. When he pulled it towards himself he made sure to make as much noise as possible. Fury didn't even flinch. Tony slipped it over his head and made for the door. Shield agents stepped out of his way as he made for the top deck of the Helicarrier. With the Triskelion destroyed, SHIELD had set up shop on one of the few remaining. Helicarriers.
A flash of red caught his attention. A flickering crimson from right outside the window. The red hue felt all too familiar.
Thor grabbed Bruce and Natasha and used his hammer to fly them to safety. Sam didn't have enough room to use his wings. Instead, he grabbed Bucky and ran. Steve hurried after everyone, but the building was becoming increasingly unstable, and he found it difficult to keep his footing.
Steve hung back, his eyes wide. Peter's injuries weren't the only shocking thing about the scene before him. Peter donned a pair of bright blue pants, along with red boots that bore the unmistakable black webbing. The rest of the costume was long gone, stripped away by the doctors who had operated on Peter. Steve spotted the remnants of the costume in the trash and fished them out. Balling them up, he stuffed them in his pocket before joining Tony at Peter's side.
"I should've helped," Clint whispered. "Look for him, I mean. Maybe if you guys had one more set of eyes, we could've-"
Iron Man started to pull back. Steve's heart dropped into his stomach when a missile struck Iron Man in the back, sending him spiraling down to the ocean far below. Thor and Falcon dove for him. But they weren't fast enough, and the robot crashed into the waves.
"Thankfully, that wasn't the case. Go easy on him, Rhodes," Steve spoke up. "Let's just be glad he's home." Iron Man glanced around the room, expecting his teammates to object to Steve's words. But they were all nodding in agreement. Hell, some of them were even smiling at Tony. Tony shook himself, baffled by their change in attitude towards him.
"What's broken? The suit?" Rhodey must have seen that his eyes were dark. That the suit was dead. But Tony wasn't referring to the suit. "Are you injured?" The faceplate was ripped off. Cold air clawed at Tony's face. "Oh god, Tones..." Metal fingertips brushed over Tony's exposed cheek. "We need to get you to a hospital. Fuck. Hospital wouldn't be able to fix this...Jarvis, where should I take him?" Usually Tony would've flinched at the way Rhodey was touching the cybernetic parts of his face. He wore a prosthetic for a reason. What had happened to it? Tony was too tired to remember. Or care. "Alright. Alright. I'm gonna take you to Pepper. Just like we always do when you get hurt." The last sentence sounded like Rhodey was trying to reassure himself that Tony was going to be okay. Rhodey slipped one arm under Tony's shoulders, and the other under his knees. "I'm going to lift you up, okay?"
"You have quite a set of lungs on you, boy." Norman lifted Peter's mask and secured an oxygen mask to his face. Norman moved around behind his head, a scalpel in hand. Spider-man started to panic. Norman forced Spider-man to turn his head to the side, "don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm just going to use you to hurt other people." Spider-man gasped when the blade made an incision in the back of his neck. "I'm putting a special microchip in your head. Don't try to remove it, you'll just injure yourself. Honestly, I don't mind if you do hurt yourself. I'd just prefer it if you do your job first. I have business to attend to. And I need the Avengers out of the way in order to do so." Spider-man grit his teeth, his whole body shaking as he felt Osborn put something in his neck and stitch up the small cut.
Natasha moved back so Peter could sit up. "No, that's aunt May. She was the one who took care of me before Tony. And this-" he took the camera back and moved through the photos, "-is uncle Ben. You would've liked him. He's from Brooklyn."
Steve hadn't been all that friendly to Iron Man after that. But then Tony carried that nuke through the wormhole, and suddenly Steve was all friendly smiles and pats on the back. Apparently, he had proven himself to Steve. From there they had developed a strong friendship.
"Or something..." Toomes smirked. Wanda had told him about Peter's memory loss. This was going to be fun...
"There was. I took care of it," Iron Man said bluntly. The rain rolled down his expressionless face. In the dim light, Iron Man's glowing blue eyes looked downright threatening. The metal Avenger was unusually still, his fists balled at his sides. Iron Man was always moving in some way, using his body language to make up for his lack of facial expressions. Seeing him so still was unsettling.
Stane picked a faceplate off one of the workbenches and held it over his own face. "Funny thing about masks. You can be anyone you want with them. And anyone can be you."
"That won't do. Won't do at all," if Ultron had a head it would shake it. "I need to protect the world...from threats..." The AI ran through its own memory. All the phantom trauma. It didn't take long for it to come to the conclusion that humans were the greatest threat to themselves. They were vile, ugly creatures that wouldn't hesitate to hurt one another. Wouldn't bat an eye at the action of ripping their fellow man limb from limb. Some may even smile while doing it. Humans were the problem. A problem that must be dealt with.
"No. I'm not leaving until you let him go," Michelle stood her ground. "Can you hear me, Tiger? I'm here, I'm here for you, just like I said I would be. Come back to me, baby."
"Well, son of a gun..." Bucky breathed out. He took in the appearance of his friend. Dressed in nothing but his under armor, and wielding Steve's shield. The arc reactor glowed as brightly as ever in his chest. Tony stepped over to the control panel and turned a knob. The door of the Hulk proof cell slid open with a gasp of air.
Steve furrowed his brow. He had a very bad feeling about how Tony had phrased that last sentence. "We can help you, Tony. Whatever you need-"
The pencil scratched on the rough paper as Steve quickly sketched out Iron Man's basic form. Every time his eyes flicked back up to the bot, he was flying at a different angle. Steve worked faster, trying to get as much detail down as possible before the bot once again changed direction.
"Look who's out of the Batcave," Clint said from somewhere behind Tony, intruding on his scrambled thoughts. The cyborg visibly tensed. The last one on one interaction he had had with the arched had been three months ago. Which had also taken place in the kitchen and ended with Clint yelling at him.
"Wanda. Toomes and Octavius will be here soon. Whatever you're going to do, do it now," Bruce said with a bit of urgency.
The words "Clean Slate Protocol" flashed across the screen, along with two commands. "Activate" and "Cancel".
"That's Dumm-E. He's saying hello. He's an idiot, but he's friendly. Don't mind him," Iron Man pat Dumm-E's arm as he walked past.
Bruce was filling a syringe with a suspicious blue liquid. Peter wondered how long the Avengers had had him under their control. How long they had been messing with his head.
"Stark lost his right to be on this team when he took off the mask," Bruce said. "No, my mistake. He never had a right to be on this team. We can't trust someone like him."
"Then you'll be happy to know that this is the last battle you will ever fight!" Doc Ock snarled, his extra arms all striking at once.
Peter twirled his pencil in between his fingers. His math homework lay unfinished in front of him. Two days had passed since he had escaped. And this was the first time he had been left alone. Natasha, Tony, and Steve had been taking turns watching over him up until now. He leaned back in his chair and stretched. The building was so quiet that he could hear the hum of the heating system. He found the steady sound comforting.
"Great, come with me," Wanda drug him to the lounge, where the rest of the Avengers were waiting. Minus Tony, who was hiding in his lab. "We just wanted to ask you a few questions-"
"What happened?!" Tony pressed his fingers against his foster son's neck. Peter's pulse was way too fast.
"Alright nobody move!!" Rhodey yelled, the machine gun on his back flipped onto his shoulder and locked into place.
"NO! WANDA, HE'S JUST A KID!!" Steve screamed. To his relief, Spider-man jumped out of the way just in time. He swung up and perched on Hulk's shoulder, but made no move to attack.
"This looks...safe," Bruce commented. He, Thor and Steve currently stood outside the entrance to an abandoned mine. The wooden beams holding the hillside at bay looked as though they could give out at any moment. The thought of the mine collapsing while they were inside made Bruce shudder. He wrapped his coat tighter around his shoulders. "I think I'll stay out here."
The creature was the size of a grown man, but with the body of a lizard. It held its large leathery wings half unfurled, a warning not to get close to it. It's long neck snaked around its body, moving its head to face the Avengers. Its eyes glowed red, a stark contrast to the emerald green scales that covered the rest of its body. A snake like tongue slid out of its mouth, tasting the air.
He was vaguely aware of the animal like scream that tore from his throat. He was more aware of the bits of armor crashing through the walls. Whatever had snapped in his mind had given him the final push he needed to call his armor from the room it was being kept in. The armor formed around his body, encasing him in the all too familiar metal. The faceplate snapped shut, and for the first time in a long time, Tony felt like he was in complete control. Now he towered over them, repulsors whirring to life, eyes blazing with pure rage. The people around him were screaming, begging for mercy.
"Barton!" Steve called after him. "Come back here, that's an order from your commander!" Hawkeye ignored him by slamming the door shut. His footsteps could be heard storming off down the hall.
Steve watched Peter slowly move around the kitchen. He had healed remarkably fast, all things considered. His arm had mended, and the bruises were gone. He complained about his ribs aching but otherwise was back to his old self. Tony said it was all thanks to the advanced medicine the Avengers had access too. Which, could very well be true. Although, Steve was almost 100% certain that it was due to Peter having a healing factor. Peter hadn't spoken to anyone about the incident. Not even Tony. If anyone brought it up, the teen just shrank in on himself and refused to talk.
"We made a dog!" She pointed at the small robot that was hobbling its way over to them. It's stiff tail spun in a circle, while a recording of a dog barking played on loop. Peter shifted May onto his hip, freeing one of his hands so he could pick up the dog.
Natasha spoke up, "I agree with Rhodes, Tony-" Tony growled at his name again, "-you probably shouldn't have been out there today. At least let Bruce look you over before you go back to Avenger duties."
"I don't know, but I'm pretty sure it came from Iron Man's workshop!" Steve darted past him, a look of panic on his face.
"Okay, I know him. He's a nice dude, with cool hair. And he helped make my suit. What else do you want to know?" Spidey huffed.
"The guys who attacked me. They had weird alien guns and glowy knife things." Peter waved his hands around in the air, "the Vulture is behind bars. But none of his goons are. I think they attacked me to avenge their boss," Spidey explained.
"Parker, status report," Steve ordered. Peter had almost daily panic attacks, although he kept them to himself, not wanting to bother anyone with his problems. All of the Avengers cared deeply for their youngest member, but they couldn't seem to convince Peter of that fact. And so, Steve started asking him every night if he had had an attack and if he was alright.
"Thank you," Steve laid back down. He didn't think he would be able to get to sleep after that. But Iron Man's presence turned out to be exactly what he needed. The soft blue glow from the robot's eyes and chest lulled him into a peaceful sleep. The soldier settled in close to Iron Man's thigh, one arm draped over the robot's knee.
Tony ignited his boots, slowly rising into the air. "I did. He went off on me. I think he's still having side effects from the gas."
Peter looked around the room, holding his hot chocolate close to his chin. No seats left. Rhodey crouched next to the fire place, throwing a few extra sticks onto the flame. He had left the War Machine helmet on an arm chair as a way of claiming the seat. The snowball fight had gone on for a few hours. It only ended when Steve called a truce so that everyone could get dry clothes and warm up a bit.
For a moment, no one moved. Bucky took a step forward, ready to physically pull them away from Tony if need be. Clint was the first to step away, the others soon following his lead. Rhodey squinted his eyes at the team, before also moving to the side.
Fury shook his head and had Peter lean against the wall, "he looks fine. Well, actually, he looks like he's at death's door. But he's talking in complete sentences. That's good enough for me." He turned the force field on over Tony's cell, then put a pair of handcuffs on Peter.
"He went to the kitchen to get cake," Steve reported. Peter had been gone for a good ten minutes, but Steve wasn't really concerned, considering how easily Peter could get distracted. Especially with all the Avengers currently battling for his attention.
. Tony shuddered at the image of the man he loved being choked to death by his own armor. The was one memory that would haunt his nightmares for years to come. Steve was completely still by the time Tony showed up, and he was terrified that he had been too late. A few hours had passed since then, and the bruises on Steve's neck were already gone. The broken ribs, however, would take a bit longer to heal. Tony felt sick thinking about it. He hurt Steve. Maybe not with his own two hands, but he might as well have. "Ultron must have been what attacked Jarvis."
"It's bonded with your blood. It's not going to be easy to get out," Tony whispered. "We can put you under, just to be safe."
Iron Man settled into the grass next to Steve, so close that their thighs were touching. The robot pointed at the sketchbook and Steve gladly handed it over. Steve leaned against the bot while he thumbed through the book. He was a little embarrassed by just how many drawings he had done of Iron Man. Most of them were of a human version of Iron Man but of Iron Man none the less. Steve had a habit of coloring the human version's eyes solid blue.
There were no other Avengers present in the video. Just Tony standing behind the podium. Happy stood off to the side, looking as serious as ever.
Romanov approached, her hands tucked into her jacket pockets, “ So, it must be resurrection Sunday. Not going to say hello to me Steve.” she wanted to punch them both, yet hug the breath out of them at the same time. Still the assassin kept her face passive and tone light. As though seeing two dead men was just another day at the shops.
Peter spoke animatedly pointing at the different colorful shapes and explaining how each one was a different piece of equipment in the lab. The bots all whirling and beeping as they were each mentioned as a feature in the child's art.
Loki was just private about something’s and could get a little moody from time to time but he was fine...he would have said something if anything was really wrong.
Thankfully before Banner could admonish himself any further Barnes entered the floor. The man looked ragged, well – more ragged than usual. “Hey Doc. I hope you got some good news, could really use it right now.”
“It’s your show. G’head.” how bad could it be, he’d been stuck in a yoga lesson with Banner and that god-awful classical shit before.
Some nights he would sit on his bed looking out at the ally way between the buildings in his D.C apartment. Smiling because he finally had milk to set out on the fire escape. Sad… because he would look at the door and know that there would be no one to come in calling his name. No one who would hold his wrists gently and lay him back on the bed to be covered in kisses. Even though he could handle it now, he wouldn’t feel like his heart was about to escape his chest.  That wasn’t going to happen because even if he could have it the truth would ruin everything.
He may not be a stickler for these sorts of things, any aspiration for being the strict type had undoubtedly been beaten out of him before he was even old enough to vote. Not metaphorically speaking.
“Trust me when I say I want to Steve. Not just for obvious reasons, you have no idea how difficult it is for me to have this conversation right now with out wanting to pin you down and lick fruit juice off ever inch of that hot Boy Scout body of yours until your toes curl.”
"Pops, ya home?" Peter called as he walked in, hanging his bag by the door and slipping off his sneakers.
Frigga wanted to believe that, in truth she had not loved Odin when they began to court. It was an arrangement between their families, but with time… with time, she adored him.
“Sometimes? Nah spangles your ok; I think I almost have that stick unwedged. Really though I should thank you, you gave me two beautiful babies, and you. I’m serious Steve; I know I suck at all this emotional sweetness crap. I know that I say weird things and piss you off; but I don’t think I have ever loved someone the way I love you right now. Every fight, every knock down drag out argument we ever had up to now. This right here…this makes it worth it. You challenge me and you call me on my shit, even when I want to strangle you I want to kiss you. And even if I can’t build another suit, or invent anything else for as long as I live. I’ll have you three, this is the greatest thing I have ever been apart of.”
“Loki…” He spoke softly tugging off his shirt. The scent of his own skin unburdened by laundry detergent would be better to ease his mate. “Its ok doll, I’m right here.”
Tony made a comment about how sometimes when people feel that low they don't consider the after, only the escape. Something about the way he says it makes Steve look at Tony and see something he wish he didn't.
The sound of rapid gunfire cut through the pain, the pressure finally abating long enough for Tony to drag himself up. Charging the right repulsor, he took aim. “Barnes get down!”
'Proficient students, capable teachers.' Nothing personal, these were all throwaway buzz words people used in advertising to make whatever they were selling sound more palatable to their audience. That's exactly what Loki was doing here, he was selling this story. The product was himself.
"Fine. Better? Is this what you want? To see the once false prince looking like the wretch he truly is. Does the justice of it please you? Should I prostrate myself at your feet and take the lash? Or has that fallen out of favor these days?" Loki held his hands out in exasperation. He wished Stark would stop playing this game of false concern and just take his revenge or mock him. Just get it over with...anything but this.
Steve smirked, “As I recall there wasn’t much talking, and my coms are on and I don’t thing Tasha and Clint need to know the details.”
Sometimes when you’re in the field things just sort of happen. One such thing that happened on this mission was the destruction of Hawkeye’s uniform.
As annoying as Stark could be at times. The man had this strange way of worming his way into your heart. If anything happened to Tony they, the whole team would be thrown into a tailspin.
He was in rut; Tony knew it and he could stop it now if he wanted to. Laying into Steve feeling his knot starting to catch, he’d never been with an omega with out a barrier of latex or suppressant topical that would prevent the knot. He certainly had never been with one in heat before. Everything about this was sensory overload, and despite the whimpers from below, he buried himself in a hard thrust tying them together.
Tony sighed as he weaved through the skyscrapers on his way to the Tower. “Pep, we’ve been through this. I don’t take any risk I haven’t already thought out. True this was a minor miscalculation but I’m fine. The main question I have is how Steve is, and how far in the dog house am I with him?”
Steve glares at the tiles below him through tear filled eyes. “This isn't...it can't … no. It's not....” He doesn't even know how he got down here but he is. Then there's Bruce at his side and surprisingly – Loki is there too. Concerned eyes and helping hands trying to hold him up but those aren't the hands he wants. The rough hands of his alpha that can turn to satin. That’s what he needs, the reassurance that this is just a bad dream. He pinches his eyes shut and sends up a silent prayer that this is a nightmare. ‘
