“We did do that a lot.”
“It’s fine,” Steve says, gently. “One of these days I’ll stop bugging you about it.” He tries to smile, but it’s not the same.
A knock on the door. “Tony?” Someone calls. “You alright in there?”
Tony laughs, then. “What is that? Some kind of – janky pick-up line?”
“This is weird, huh?” Bruce says, looking up. “Just us. Almost like – you know. Before.”
A brief pause.
Well send him in, he says.
“I guess you’ve changed something for me,” Tony murmurs, closing his eyes. “I would have had the skin tanned off my ass if I was caught with a pair of these growing up.”
Steve blinks as he’s lifted out of the hole. He realises how deep it truly is and that, most likely, it was using Gus as a safety mat that allowed him to survive unscathed.
Steve looks unsure. "I... maybe."
“Of course, I know what you want, Steve. We’ve even talked about it before, you and I. You were always very forthcoming, and I think it’s sweet. I want to give you that, you know? I can give you what you want.” He clears his throat. “I’ll need a successor, one day.”
“We’ve thrown omegas in his path,” Fury tells him bluntly. “Young, fertile, submissive, authoritative, male- and female-presenting. Nothing’s stuck. He takes a few of them home, goes through some vanilla motions. My agents say he leaves generally unsatisfied but, by all accounts, is a particularly attentive lover.”
He slams it from her hand, smashes it onto the floor, and the red blood stains the perfect cream carpet.
I love any comments you might have on Gus and Diana!!
Peter looks away. “Yeah,” he rasps, “he did. Wanted to say… I don’t know. Some stuff, about good fight and – whatever.”
“You overestimate you.”
“That’s them.”
a part of him is saying.
“The hospital.”
The next time they meet, Tony is talking about the Accords.
"Sorry." Tony blurts. "I -- sorry. It was stupid. Ignore me."
“To the penny.” Gus chimes.
“Needs must.”
“You are,” Steve says, flatly.
“How do you do it?”
Tony doesn’t know what he expected. A post-coitus cuddle? An admission that Tony was the winner? Recriminations, or maybe even a loosening of Captain Tight-Ass’s ass? Even a smile and a thank you? A couple of hastily thrown fifties as payment for services rendered?
Tony can’t move. He barely tightens his fingers in the Soldier’s uniform. “Bucky Barnes,” he murmurs, whispers, more air than word, “I know you.”
“I can hear them, they – all of them, Peter and Strange and Quill – “
“Think so,” Tony yawns.
“No.” Steve says. He wants a grave. He wants to be able to visit, to mourn. He thinks, ultimately, Tony would’ve wanted that. He would’ve wanted to be buried.
“Steve.”
“To have me?”
A long silence. “What is it you think you’ve done?” Sarah asks gently.
Someone grips the back of his head. “Kiss him,” they hiss, and spit on his face. “Go on. Do our resident stud the honour, From Stark.”
Well, outside was never safe anyway.
Tony twists in the water trying to find his knees. "Can I help?" He asks, placing his hands on Steve's cheeks "Steve -- honey -- if you won't -- "
The man’s eyes bulge in his head. “No,” he says, and then seems to kick himself. “I mean – we might have fooled about a bit, it’s not – it was nothing.” Steve’s used to it; they’ve all heard the rumours, all know about Stone.
“What happened to my old stuff?”
“Great. I’ll put it under the tree, straight away.”
Tony shrugs a shoulder, mouth full of pizza. “Nothing to say,” he mumbles.
Steve is grunting. Please, people say, please, Captain, don’t.
“You do like it,” he murmurs, “I know you do. I’d put you in panties, Tony. Pretty, tiny, lace things. I like blue, do you like blue?”
“The General? Yes, Banner has mentioned him. I don’t doubt I can handle it.”
The hands slide along the outside of his thigh. They snap the lace of the garter against his skin. They hike his panties up his hips. “You do who this wear for?” Someone asks him. “Wear did us for this?”
Life goes on, strangely enough.
“Uh huh,” he nods.
Maybe Steve can tell he’s getting tetchy, because he smooths his brow down against his chest, wipes back damp hair. “I don’t mind,” he says, “I know it’s important to you.”
Tony shrugs. “It’s quiet. I got used to it. Nobody used the pool when you were gone. I like the water.”
Sarah squeezes his hand. “It’s why — I was going to ask you.”
He wants his mouth to make those words, and for them to come out strongly, steadily, like he doesn’t care, like the whole thing is ludicrous. He can see it so clearly in his mind, exactly how he
“I wasn’t tuning out anything,” Tony says heavily. “I was bored. Not bored, just – I wasn’t giving it my full attention, okay? And it has nothing to with anything that’s in my file, and I liked what happened afterwards, I give my full consent for you to spring all kinds of dirty shit on me whenever you like, and let’s leave it at that, okay?”
“You will tell him the truth. That you wanted to kiss me. That you wanted to pay reparation. You will tell him that it was your choice. You will tell him you have to, because you were bred to. It’s in your nature, Tony. Are you listening, now, this is important – it is in your nature to let others use your body. It is your place. The Captain doesn’t understand that. You will make him understand the truth.”
Steve might be angry, Tony thinks, lethargic. He might be disgusted. But at least Tony would hear his voice.
"This is true." Tony says "You know I'm only with you for the money, right?"
"Can I ask you something?" Tony says, sighing.
“Neither have you,” Sarah remarks, almost defensively.
“Do I have to?”
"Tony." She snaps, and Tony jerks. "Don't sleep."
“Oh yeah?”
And so I started drinking more. I know I drink. I know it's a problem. I know I can't sit here and criticise Howard when I'm just as bad. And above all, Tony, I hope you don't too. I hope you never, ever become a drinker. It's in your blood, insanity's in your blood. Tony, if you're reading this, please never forget: with your genes and your money, you have every chance to become a monster. Do not let that happen.
Steve gets it, suddenly. Tony had said: Strange made Thanos spare him. The time stone for his life, because only he could master time travel.
Eventually, Steve says “The Arc Reactor. You should use the reactor.”
He grabs a fork and stabs it into the back of his hand and screams.
“Thanks.”
The soldier, pressed up against his back. He feels something, carefully slotted between the gap in the backrest and seat of the chair; hard, metal. Tony feels a tug of adrenalin – the
You could have died. I won't say you didn't because you're a survivor. The reason you didn't die was because Jarvis would intervene but he could not be there all the time. And it was selfish of me to sit there, on the piano, wilfully ignoring you. And I've never told anyone this. I've never breathed a word to anyone, but that day, I broke. And I stood over your crib. And I was so, so close to bringing the pillow over your mouth and ending it. Ending you. Ending me, probably. Howard would have gotten me the death penalty if he could, killing his only son.
Tony finds himself responding. I don’t have so much more to do, he says, how can I do anything? I have no money, I’m hated. Everything I tried to fix I made worse, no one wants my help. I’m tired, I’m tired, why do you keep fighting with me I’m so tired.
“I did. Sometimes, the way I acted, and the things I said… you take too much, Tony. I don’t know why. I could be mean.”
Steve tilts his head. “You know it’s – you know we – it’s nice, to have you with us, sometimes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
night, he stresses, he should make the most of it. He cups Tony’s face, a traditional goodbye, and tells him to make sure the Captain behaves himself. It feels like two lovers being sent off to prom by a kindly father. And Pierce even wears the same cologne as Dad, Tony realises – he must have it sprayed at the scent points on his wrists, because so close to his nose, it’s strikingly familiar.
“Quite.”
Hand on his shoulder. Tony seizes. Thor is standing, hands by his head, non-threatening. “Apologies,” he says. “I thought we should talk.”
“Don’t pull out,” Tony blurts, quickly, gripping Steve’s shoulders. “No, don’t – it’s fine. Don’t rush it.”
“What about your arm? Does it hurt, holding the phone? Why don’t you put me on speaker?”
Steve shrugs a shoulder. “Pity,” he says, pockets them. “What was it, then. Charity gala, country club, some kind of – under the table business deal…?”
Tony is crying again, but he doesn’t know why. He doesn’t even realise it until the pillow beneath him is wet. It’s just – it’s really important to him, that he gets all their names out there. “I’m always pretty,” he says, “I never wanted any of them, though. I wanted to build cars. And I begged Dad not to send me away. He was sixty-four, and I didn’t want it. I wished I was ugly, because he never would have seen me at that party and asked Dad to have me. But then I got sloppy. I relied on it. And now what? Now I have nothing. I’m nothing now.”
Tony stares at him, dulled, lifeless. “His ashes are on my hand,” he says, then, broken, disjointed. “I tried to get them off. But I thought I could bring him back maybe, somehow.”
“Sam is thinking about going out to Europe, overseeing a new division.”
Tony thinks, hard. “He said that – he didn’t like it when I slept in your bed. After. After the party, a few weeks ago.” He doesn’t know why tells the truth, but it’s probably because it doesn’t matter.
“You do,” Steve says, simply. He’s gripping his neck so lightly. The table-top is cool beneath his cheek.
“Do I scare you?”
“… I didn’t know, at the time. I mean, they were factories of death, I knew that. But I didn’t know — ”
“Gone?” The man breathes, sitting up, pushing himself against the wall. “To earth? You think he’s still there, are you stupid? He did it. He clicked his fingers, he got what he wanted. He’s not on earth, he could be anywhere – “
"Oh yeah?" Tony says. "You're dirty, you know that? Absolutely perverted."
He sits back on the bed. Palms the pills. And it’s all soft and warm from then on after.
Steve pulls out, examines Tony's mouth, wet and sloppy. "Colour?" He asks.
Thor sounds weary, tired. Steve doesn’t know what to say. “I’m sorry,” he begins “I know that — if Loki — “
Nick knocks. “You alright in there, Stark?” He hears him say in that long-suffering, cautious voice. “There’s only one bathroom, you know, and I’m no spring chicken.”
“Why not?”
“Hey, hey,” Steve chides, gripping Tony’s chin, lifting it while his eyes slide desperately to the peripherals, refuse to meet his gaze. “Feeling better? Got some of that energy out, huh?”
"We've established that, Tones. Doctor's did a scan, there's no bleeding. You probably just whacked your nose a little in the fall."
“Can’t turn my back.”
“Then we will go to him.”
"Nothing major," Steve says "at least he's not a drooling. Here, Tony, sit here."
No one’s going to begging for a contract any more.
Tony avoids mirrors.
Tony doesn’t anything. Because he can’t.
Diana hands him a goblet. “Drink.” She says, and Tony stares at it, eyes wavering.
Comments are loved! Seriously! They make my day! Especially on the OC's
goes unsaid. Tony swallows. He’s stroking Steve skin without really thinking about it, mindless comfort. “When you met me,” he says, “what did you think?”
Steve moans again. Tony thinks he might be crying, but he can’t tell, because there’s blood rushing in his ears. “Jarvis,” he croaks, and then, “Steve, please.”
She looks between them. “Oh,” she says, “
“No,” Gus says with finality “because I could.”
“We lost everyone,” Natasha is saying, and she’s talking to Tony, Steve thinks. “They’re all gone. Bucky, Sam, Wanda. Vision is dead.
But he could feel himself pulling away.
“You bought them in person?”
“I’m not — would you just give me a second to think? Where are you? Where are you calling from?”
“Thanks,” Tony says, hoarsely, inclining his head.
Pierce’s wears the same aftershave as his dad. Tony wants to listen. One foot after another, he thinks, as he’s moved down hallways. “You don’t need to – I can just go to medical.”
The people who do not get seats: camera crews, lots of them. Reporters. The thousands who have turned out on the streets, holding flowers in red and yellow, the children in their Iron Man costumes. Then, the millions who are watching this in Britain, in France, India, China, Australia, Kenya, Mexico, South Africa, the list goes on.
“We could be that again,” Ty continues. “We could be so much more.”
“No,” Tony insists, “it’s good. It’s familiar. Like home.”
Tony doesn’t want to talk about it. He nods.
After, there is a gathering. The tower hasn’t been occupied by them in so long. Once, they all stayed here, lived here. Before Wanda, before Bucky, in a temporal vacuum, the good days. The days when he and Tony would share the same bed, rise together in the mornings, join back at night. The days where they were all united in the joint concern of erasing HYDRA from the world, the days where Tony and he would go on trips to Europe dressed in civilian clothes, on the pretence of a mission to find Bucky, to gather intel, but really they would walk along rivers and eat at country kitchens and smoke on balconies while people younger than them walked on the streets below, alive and happy.
“I wasn’t lonely then,” Tony says honestly. “I was lonely this morning.”
“I don’t need to tell you that footage is incriminating for both of us. You don’t exactly come out of it looking like a rose.”
“I think we should,” Steve says, and his mouth is dry. “Do something personal. Something — with us. All of us.”
“No,” Tony blurts, taking his hand. That’s too oblique for him. Rhodey has always done this, always told Tony straight, social conventions be damned. “No, that’s pointless. You were sick. Dying, actually, because of me. Because you took that fall — “
“You wanted me to leave you. You wanted to die. What’s changed?”
“Steve,” Natasha murmurs, and Steve ignores her. He owes Gus nothing. This is simply him giving what is owed, nothing more. As far as Steve’s concerned, Gus’ life for Tony’s is more than a fair substitute.
“Oh. That’s strange. I almost thought you’d forgotten, because you haven’t asked me about it. You haven’t talked to anybody. In fact, I’m starting to think you’re not really here at all.”
defend it.”
“Tony?” Sarah prompts, and she sounds cautious. “Are you – here, do you need to sit?”
“And — “ Tony is fiddling with a small pack of sugar. “And where would we live?”
“Tony, are you okay?”
Tony nods. “Yes, yeah. Definitely. Thanks, Sarah.”
“I’m not.”
Here’s how it will happen:
"Tony," Steve says, bursting through the door "Tony, honey, I'm here. I'm here now."
He was expecting the call. There’s nothing in this world that Fury sees and doesn’t try to use against you.
“Of course.” Killian leads him away. “My room, I presume?”
“You should be.” Tony raises his chin, haughty. “I don’t often give out positions in my harem, so.”
It feels like an absence of something vital, air, or sound. Other things, too: his feet don’t tap when he hears music, food has no taste. There’s colour around him, in his peripherals, but when he looks at the grass, at the sky, at flowers, it leeches. He no longer sees its depth.
“Yeah. They say that’s me.”
And Tony does seem to relent, relax. “Thank you,” he says, almost inaudible. “Thank you, for believing me.”
He bats him away. “You can’t smoke here,” he tells him, shortly.
“Nothing.” Clint says quickly. “It’s – yeah. Wow.” He takes a flat spoon and carves out a piece of, what looks like, some kind of meat pie. It’s grey and brown inside. What might be mashed potato on top. “Look delicious.” He says dully.
“Destroyed,” Thor says, with a blank smile. “But it was prophesied, it’s – a long story, my friends.”
Tony eyelids are drooping. “Steve – do you think I’m pretty?”
Tony sentence ends, bitter and thick on his tongue. He shuts his eyes, looks down.
“Well, I’d rent — “
of a father, who would put his son in that situation, with any of those risks.”
to me,” Tony stresses, just to really drive home the point. The last thing he wants is Steve getting the wrong idea and snapping her neck.
(It should be longer, it should be more. Steve doesn’t want to say goodbye like this, he needs more time, he needs to say more than just — )
He’s clueless. “It’s just decency,” Tony agrees, nodding. “Pure decency. It was so sweet of you to protect my honour,
“When you get older, you realise the world rests on compromise.”
“Aw, c’mon. Don’t be a stickler.”
He thinks, they’re probably watching this behind the screen and laughing. They’ve probably all placed their bets. “Bad?” He asks, quietly.
The soldier’s rough fingers clip the straps at the back of Tony’s head; gently, he cups the muzzle, pulls it away from Tony’s face as he takes in these great, gulping, gasping breaths. Like a landed fish. “Tight,” he wheezes, because it’s the only word he can find, “much – much tight,” he muddles, hand pressed to his stomach.
“Do you agree?”
Tony scrubs self-consciously at his eye, and Steve drags down his hand, snaps at him. “Stop that,” he says, “you’re making it worse.”
“No. I’d like for you to get out of my face.”
Steve realises he’s skirting around what he wants to say. “But — you talk about Valhalla.”
“Get Sam,” Steve croaks. He turns, phone still in hand. “He says – something is coming. It wants the stones. And Tony is gone.”
Steve figures Tony doesn’t need a dog that will calm him down, necessarily. He thinks it would be better if Tony just had something to do. The workshop is off limits, and there’s only so much TV, so many books, you can watch and read before it grows tiresome. A dog means daily walks, and training, and someone to keep living for. That is, if it works. Chances are, Tony could look at the dog and tell Steve to dump it in a trash can.
“Oh yeah?”
Steve hangs there, like a bad smell, and tries to encourage him to leave. But Tony doesn’t even respond, doesn’t give any inclination that he’s heard at all, and instead just rolls, faces the wall, curves the blanket tighter over his shoulders.
“May I?” Pierce asks, quietly, holding out his hand. Tony understands. He gives it back, and lets Pierce pat at the places on his head where he’s pulled his hair so hard he’s bled.
Tony shakes his head, shuts his eyes. “Not injured,” he croaks.
Steve doesn’t respond directly. He shrugs a shoulder. “It’s a free country,” he says.
“Steve and I. We were lovers. Before that war.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No. I don’t care who touches you.”
“We’re both engineers, you and I,” Diana says, examining a knife. “You create works of art using screws and nuts and bolts, whereas I use knives and flesh.”
He’s used to the warmth. In heat, your dreams are bright and lurid, all crystalized and blurring simultaneously. A fever isn’t so different. Same physical process, or thereabouts. In his haze, Tony likes to imagine that he’s sweating out all of it. Every single touch, or scent, or fluid. It’s all oozing out of him, like pus from a wound.
Peter accepts. “Okay,” he says quietly. “Well, for the record, I never needed you. I just liked having you around.”
Tony looks up. “For what it’s worth, I guess, I – wish things had turned out different. And don’t get me wrong, 90% -- no. No, maybe 95%. 96%. 96% of that was on you, your fault, you stubborn ass, but that 4%...”
Tony doesn’t have the words. “I,” he says again, but he can’t explain it. He can’t. He can’t talk about it, use speech to make real what happened, doesn’t want to. If he says, a man showed me a picture, he has to explain what the picture was. He can’t do that.
“Never managed to hit them off, I – watched a few of them, I think. The kid with the glasses?”
“A moon, he threw – a moon at me. Turned it into bats, but I flew away. He – stabbed me,” Tony frowns, like he’s just remembering, “I – “
He’s maybe – drunk too much, he doesn’t know. The bar is starting to spin. His aim is getting sloppy.
That’s so benevolent, Tony thinks internally. He shakes the thought, pushes it down; Steve has been kind to him, hasn’t he.
“You,” Peter says again, and he lunges; Steve holds him back, fingers digging into his arms – he’s strong, usually strong, almost… almost unbearably. “You! You fucking – like a
me,” Tony sneers. “Is that how you get your rocks off, Steve? Big bold alpha protecting little old me?”
“Of course.” Pierce watches him carefully, maybe, or maybe just pausing for thought. “You want the best for him.”
“No,” Tony agrees, “neither do I.”
Steve grunts. “Better,” he says, brusquely. He doesn’t linger over Tony’s prone form; he’s standing, quickly, tucking himself away, leaving Tony on the floor.
Peter blinks at him, confused at the turn in conversation. “Huh?”
Steve looks away, looks out the window. “I don’t remember.” He says quietly.
“C’mon,” Bucky interrupts. “We should take this to his widow. There are family photos, he has a kid, right? They’ll want this.”
Tony shakes his head, rapidly. “No,” he says, “he trusts you. He knows you were just helping, he just – gets jealous. He’s very protective,” Tony explains, “and… uh, he’s very protective. He wanted me to come here. He told me to come. Because he trusts you.”
“You’re in a good place now, I think. I mean financially. You have work coming in — I’ve
“And may he find peace.”
Steve pulls back. “Oh.”
to. The bed is just a single. Tucked up tight, and – and Steve is singing.
“Please,” he tries, pathetically.
Steve flinches slightly at the slide of Tony’s palm against his cheek, but he doesn’t recoil completely. He certainly doesn’t assault him again. In this position, he’s able to smell the sweat on Tony’s wrist – probably scared, probably familiar, and undeniably omega. Which means, no threat.
He ruminates now that they were lucky. God, by the skin of his teeth. What would have happened if insight had come to pass? If HYDRA had won?
Tony thinks. “No,” he says, finally. Last time, Tony was naked and Steve wasn’t. He doesn’t like it. That’s not happening again until he’s seen Steve the same way.
Tony’s all stretched out in his armchair, shoes kicked off, bowtie slung over his neck, shirt unbuttoned. There’s some kind of motherboard in his lap, red wires and tape, and the screwdriver is held limply in his left hand. It’s not just tonight – Tony is always tired, these days. Especially since what they did to him in the Cape.
“I didn’t feel like I was being hurt,” Tony says honestly. “After Christmas – there was nothing at all. And we had been so
Tony’s moods could oscillate wildly, even then. Steve would sit in his penthouse and listen to the sounds of him smashing plates, cracking windows, bringing down the carefully constructed structures and statues that littered his apartment. If Steve tried to intervene, he would get screamed at, shaken with gauntleted hands, pushed away.
“What am I supposed to do when I meet someone so good, who for some – inexplicable reason, wants me? At first – at first, I used you, Steve. You know that, don’t you? I thought, I could twist you, I could manipulate you. Always, with the blowjobs, and the gags, and your awful nightmares. I liked you, I liked your protection more. They don’t touch me when I’m with you, no one dares.”
Steve doesn’t answer. He crouches, peers through the history of Tony’s life. Old birthday cards, school reports. A bundle of photos, thick, wrapped with twine. The first is Tony, small, eyes like a deer in the headlights, holding a screwdriver; he has the same look Morgan had, when she’d fiddled with the Rubik’s cube. Steve chokes. “Oh,” he says, “I forgot he had these.”
“But I wasn’t a Nazi,” he says, shaking his head “I wasn’t, how could I be?”
“You want money?”
Steve tells her. She smiles.
There are footsteps on the stairs, soft, socked feet. “It’s Captain America,” Morgan says, “hi, Captain America.”
I am not doing it out of spite. I am not doing it because I hate you. There are many factors that lead to my decision, and the largest one is that your father is leaving you a sizeable sum. Enough, I think, to live very, very comfortably for the rest of your life and never lift a finger. I feel my money could be better spent on people who need it.
"Fine. I accept. But I was an ass."
“If I had known, I would have said something.”
He scuffs his foot on the ground. “So, uh, we were going to get some lunch?” He asks, pointing back with his thumb, scratching his ear. “I don’t know if you’re up for it, I know I said – “
“Oh. Woah. Fucking – hah,” Steve laughs, a little. “Seriously?”
“Are you sure?”
He puts his hand in his hair and pulls.
“Did he scream?”
He hated himself for it. Worse, he hated Tony for making him feel that way.
“Why should I do it?”
“If you ever need discipline, I’ll keep it in mind.”
The doctor’s have gone out of their way to make it all as non-threatening as possible. Tony doesn’t believe them. He has a theory.
“What did you want me to say, Steve? Did you want me to prostrate myself at your feet?”
“Tony,” Sarah repeats, too softly, too kindly, and that’s when Tony knows. She snakes her hands out across the table to cover his, pats it lightly. “I’m moving.”
he thinks. You stupid bitch. You can’t hide these things forever.
“Him. I invited him and his aunt for dinner next week.”
“That’s not an answer. Can you give me an answer?” Rogers asks, calmly. His eyes are cool. Tony has the instinctive response to look away, focus on his wrist.
He has Steve.
A brief pause. “What, uh. What are you wearing?”
“I want Mosely,” Tony wails suddenly. “I want my dog.”
“Gone where?”
He’s stupid, though. He doesn’t figure it out right away. It’s not until late evening that he’s letting himself into Steve’s apartment, trailing his way to the bedroom, scotch and tumbler in hand.
Steve wishes his could see Tony’s face, read his eyes. His voice is inscrutable. “I don’t think so,” he says honestly. “I don’t think it’s the kind of thing he’ll want to bring attention to. Especially not since – well. There’s no hiding what he is, now.”
he thinks, furiously. He tries to push back against the weight of him, but Steve won’t have it; “Bad boy,” he chides, laughing at him, and then reaching his hands forward to hook his fingers in Tony’s cheeks.
I said I was
Anyway. Richards had noticed him, regardless. That’s not the point. The point is, it had felt good, right up until his dad made him scrub up and kicked him into the lion’s den. It had been good to make that choice, or at least, pretend that he had.
“You can’t – “ Tony is distracted, “you can’t smell that?”
It’s not. It’s Barnes. He’s had his hair cut short, and he’s got a new arm except – it’s not real, it’s a prosthesis, not natural looking at all, metal poles with crinkly fingers. It seems to move well enough, but Tony wants to vomit. He blew off Bucky’s arm, didn’t he? And – he killed Tony’s parents. And – think about this logically, take deep breaths, don’t panic –
“I need a winter coat.”
Tony shuts his eyes, screws his face. There are things he wants to ask. He can’t. He thinks:
Pierce taps his cheek twice, gently. Tony, he says, reproachful, schooling. Are you paying attention?
He slaps his hands against Steve’s arms, kicks his legs, pulls his hair and scratches his back. Jarvis blares lights and cymbals and a red flashing alarm. Steve’s brow furrows, his face scrunches, and he opens his eyes.
“Tell me, what happens if I don’t go in there?”
“No. No I wasn’t sleeping – “
Also not sitting: a black man in a black suit, sunglasses large on his face, a scar just visible on his cheek. He stands with his hands in his pockets, unconcerned by the crowd, because he is long dead and no one is looking for him now. Another, wearing a sweater that’s too big, black curls hidden by cheap beanie and pants filled with holes. A bum. He has lost his glasses, and he won’t get too close in case Ross decides to look up.
“I like you wearing my things,” he calls over his shoulder, as if to lighten the mood. Tony laughs, lies himself on the couch. It’s soft, deep, unlike the modern things he has back at the tower. Back home, he should say. “It’s cute.”
“It’s just, you’re so perfect,” Steve explains, “it’s like you were… were…”
When he's like this, he's something else. He's something perfect. Something fresh, and sweet, and warm. When he presses his cheek into Steve's palm, eyes glazed and pupils blown with the drop, he's like a special present, something for Steve's eyes only, a side of him that only he will ever see.
Slowly, Pierce jerks his chin at the soldier. “Do it,” he tells him. “Do what the Captain has asked.”
“Delude myself,” Tony repeats, shortly.
The skin of his palm is surprisingly smooth beneath Tony’s fingertip. No callouses, not even one. “And I guess, it showed I… wasn’t in control of that situation. If you understand what I mean.”
Steve shuts his eyes. “Shit,” he breathes. “Is she – “
“It does if it means leading a war against me. If it means I end up charged for a crime a girl you’re protecting made me do while she sits at dinner in her fancy new clothes and attends college.”
"You taking him to the bedroom?"
“That you and Steve. That you were — before.”
Tony snatches it, downs it in one not breaking eye contact with Steve the whole time. He belches, shoves the glass at him warily. If Steve finds the dominance play strange, he doesn’t mention it.
He doesn’t eat, or drink. When Steve snaps, breaks his promise, and tries to get him to take his pills he resolutely shuts his mouth, shuts his eyes, won’t listen to a thing Steve asks. He doesn’t leave the bed at all, not even for toilet breaks, and that’s when Steve finds himself dialling the clinic. Two days down, each spent in bed, Tony not responding to him, to Natasha, certainly not to anyone else, and there’s a doctor asking him calmly if it was too soon, and if Steve would prefer to have Tony committed once more.
“And you?” Pepper asks, calmly.
. Steve. Steve, and his gift, and then –
“I do.” He doesn’t, not really – he thinks Steve is mythologizing his breed too much. Still, he deserves validation. “I can’t imagine what it’s like, to feel as though – I’m responsible for a whole breed in that way. To have a biological push to just… be like that.”
Tony laughs. “You’re asking me to rent myself out and take a lot, at significant personal expense. You’re going to have to give me something in return.”
“Bread?” Tony says, holding it under his nose. Bruce bats him away, drags over salad, and starts picking morosely at some leaves.
Sarah sniffs and runs a sleeve under her nose. “I didn’t know you knew what that was.”
“Do?”
Steve is. Steve can’t help himself. He’s good for everyone.
Tony feels him swelling, pushing past his lips; his mouth stretches to accommodate, but his jaw – it
“Okay?”
“Hmm,” Nick agrees, begrudgingly. He can mostly decipher Tony’s meaning. He’s good at reading people’s faces. And, he stops complaining about the stink of vinegar after he gets to eat food that tastes good off a plate not layered with scum.
He takes a deep drag. Richards flinches, cringes away.
“He wasn’t,” Steve assures her, quietly. “It was a bad way to go, but – surrounded by friends? Knowing you won the fight of your life?”
“On the mission, Hill said – they were testing that drug on them, right? After the fight, what happened to them?”
He blinks blurrily, lets Steve wrap him in a towel. He brushes some water away from his brow, stops it from running into his eye. “You want anything?” He murmurs.
Tony nods. Yes, he says, I trust you.
“Is it my collar? Does it look fucke – oof.”
“And after that?”
Tony feels bad for him, almost. He looks so out of place standing there, tuxedo too tight, glass in hand like it’s a lifeline. Tony figures, you can take the boy out of Brooklyn, but that’s about it, really.
“I hope so,” he says, and then: “I want to be good for you, Tony.”
“If civil war hadn’t broken us apart… something else would have. Do you agree?”
“With Michael and Jake and Mia?”
That’s what it smells like. The floor of Cain’s house, knees rubbed raw. He’s so fucking tired. He feels his eyes crossing over.
Tony sighs. “Yeah,” he says guiltily, “I did.”
"No harm." Tony says, eating jam straight out the jar. "You're only human."
But then a glimpse.
“Sure,” Tony agrees.
bad business.”
breed your genes, that’s for certain. You and my soldier both. Tony’s as good a vessel as any. I’ll put you in the chair, same as him,” he nods at the soldier, “I’ll fry your brains. You’ll kill when I ask you, you’ll fuck when I ask you, like a good stud. And I get to keep our lovely Tony all to myself. Does that sound more agreeable to your famous
Pierce tips his head to the side, looks at him. His thumb – wipes drool away from his chin. His bottom lip, thumbing it down. “I think, he isn’t good for you, Tony. I think you’re good, but I don’t think he’s good for you. Do you agree?”
“Fury would thank me,” Steve says dismissively, eyes zeroing in on Tony’s groin. “You need to be taken down a few notches.”
the dead tell him.
“I thought you might still love me,” Tony croaks. “When you told me we could move together. I — convinced myself that it might still be okay.”
he tries to say,
and, uh, sorry in advance.
“Did you just propose?”
At some point, the sky begins to darken. He checks his watch; it’s probably not rude to be leaving soon. He’s done his job, played his role. He should seek out Pierce, make his apologies, thank him for the very pleasant, if not slightly boring, evening. He frowns at his wrist, shakes down his sleeve, sips his champagne. He’s aware of an irritating fly, buzzing for his attention.
“Pick a side, man.”
Gus turns his head, presses his cheek to the flat of the table. “But when they came for her — Nazis, you see. They have such strict rules on genetics. Did you know that they would send someone to Auschwitz just for having one Jewish grandparent? And they saw, they saw my wife. Someone must have told them, those were the times, no one was safe. Everyone spied. But they saw my wife, and they took my children.”
Here’s how it is: Steve and Rhodes take the front. Peter and Thor behind. Fury and Nebula, because it was supposed to be Clint, but he had squeezed her arm and shook his head and said, I would like it to be you, Tony would want you, and, you deserve it.
“Louder.”
“I never thought you were the worst,” Tony says, quietly.
Tony turns on him, abruptly. “Who the fuck are you?” He asks, flatly. “Take a hint, okay? Fucking hell, if you’re still here when I get back, I’m calling the cops.”
“Christmas here.”
Tony stares. Pierce’s features are twisting. Blurring and smearing, flesh. “What have you – what is that?”
“You walked.”
Steve half-laughs. He lets Tony rest his chin on his shoulder, draw a figure of eight on his knee. “I have another question, actually.”
“I don’t know,” Tony replies, and it’s not a lie. Not exactly. A better question might have been,
"We know, sweetie."
Bruce and Natasha’s talk cuts out. Tony turns his head, and sees Thor staring at him, impassive. Disgruntled, Tony rolls onto his side and faces the wall.
Steve catches his wrist, anyway. “You shouldn’t drink like this,” he says, disapprovingly.
“Ouch. True, but ouch. Go hard, Steve.”
I don't know how much you are like me, Tony. I see your father in you, but... but maybe I'm there, too. Like I said, you are kind. Do not let that be dulled at the edges.
“Hmm,” Tony grunts.
“I don’t want to leave him,” Steve says.
“Yeah?”
When he got back, Tony was washing up.
“Oh no, God no.” Steve’s nose wrinkles. “No, that’s not it. No way.”
Tony makes a hysterical noise. “You’re asking me? Aren’t you — they said you were dead, brain dead. They said you were —
“I don’t know, anyone. The doctors. I would have told them it was — a bad environment for you.”
Tony thinks desperately, and pushes that aside. “Oh yeah? She cute?”
Steve lurches away even before Pierce has finished, the shots from the soldier’s rifles slamming into the wall behind where he had sat. Tony starts to stand, as if he could somehow make his way to Steve, throw himself between him and weapon, but Pierce is already gripping the back of his neck, pinching.
Steve feels his feet in motion. He raises the space stone above his head. “It’s here!” He calls out. “It’s here, I found it.”
"How's everything feeling. Still green?"
for the homeless, that’s basically better than Steve’s new omega. If there is a new omega. He doesn’t know. He thinks there probably is.
“I didn’t realise you were catholic,” Sarah says, with just a hint of hidden happiness. It hadn’t occurred to Tony that religion was something she cared for.
"I think I'd rather do this by myself."
He puts in an order with the kitchen, lobster with garlic butter and two portions of fries for Steve, a spaghetti for Tony. He thinks about Dalcher, older now, and how many years it’s been. She was always kind to him, out of all of them. She taught him so much.
A knock at his door. “Steve?” Asks Bucky, “Steve are you — we’re worried.”
and Tony gasps into the pain. “Oh,” he breathes, fingers tangled in his hair.
Steve lets himself sit. “It’s fine,” he says, suddenly. “It’s fine, Pepper says she was going to alert the Avengers, they’ll be able to track the plane, the jeep we drove in to get here, they’ll be able to find us, it’s,” he laughs, the relief hits him “it’s okay!”
Regardless, three seconds later he’s dead, so are six other bystanders including the idiot driver who lit the fuse. Steve spends four hours scampering around the road trying to stick Tony’s body parts back together, and the next day they’re still trying to scrape bits of him off the sidewalk.
“Just, uh.” He picks up the baggie, tucks it into his sleeve. “Just look out for yourself, alright? Stay on your toes.”
An hour passes. Two. The sun slips away overhead and they are left in darkness.
“Your dad,” Steve says, “he wasn’t rich, not at first.”
No no no, the second voice will say, you know Steve is damaged, Tony, you know that. You know he’s always been damaged, were you really surprised when he chose Barnes? All those nights he cried in your arms because of what he had lost, he’s just as damaged as you are, and he needs help, he needs your help, what you have is still so salvageable –
“We’ll eat on the porch.”
Tony looks up. "Oh yeah?"
He can feel Ty’s eyes on his back as he walks away. It sets him on edge, more on edge than he should be. He needs to protect his back, he thinks. The urge to look over his shoulder is overwhelming, but he resists, if only out of spite.
“Clint,” Steve warns. It lacks strength. “Bruce should have been here. He was Tony’s friend too.”
“No! We have to plan, we have to regroup – “
"Sore." Tony answers, truthfully, and Steve takes a pillow, pushes it under his legs. "Colour?"
Natasha’s right. She’s right. Steve inhales, coughs, his hair plastered to his sweaty forehead, cheeks flushed. He closes his eyes to the feel of Natasha’s hand rubbing soothing circles on his knee.
the thought ‘I’m not your friend’ drifting through the Captain’s brain. Instead, he goes for the more diplomatic. “You’re surprisingly chipper.”
“Easy there.” Steve catches him, slowly pulls him back to the middle. “It’s alright, I’m sorry. Just – do what makes you comfortable. Alright, okay, see? That’s it. Head down if it helps, Tony.”
Tony strains up to press a kiss to Steve’s chin. That earns him a snort, and a heavy, soft hand on the back of his neck. “Mmm,” he sighs, sleepily. “I should get hurt more often, huh? If it means… you being nice to me…”
me, huh? Amazing.” He starts fishing in his pocket for another light.
“Was he right to?”
“Are you — telling me that?” Steve knows he sounds bereft. “Are you telling me that I’m the reason you — that you tried — “
Steve doesn’t grace that with an answer. “What do you want to call him?” He asks.
Steve frowns. "What? Christ, no. You'd be the first person I told. I wouldn't -- I'd never keep that from you!"
“Yes. Yes, all of it, I barely – “
“You’ll convince him, or at the very least, sow the seeds,” Fury says calmly.
Tony takes that in his stride. “Thanks, Fury.”
“Anything to say?” Steve asks, innocently, voice slightly ragged. “C’mon, Tony – I know you’ve got something to say. Anything. You always have an answer, right Stark?”
“Extremis.”
“Thirty-two.”
He doesn’t care.
He feels himself listing to the side. Steve curses, catches him before he hit his head on the metal railing. “You’re not well,” he frets, hand to his brow, “you’ve got a fever, I can just tell.”
He climbs onto the covers, snuggles on-top of the sheets still wrapped in his towel, the way you do as a child after a bubble bath. Steve passes him a bottle, capped, still cold from the mini-bar. He’s pulled on briefs, which is a shame, but Tony can’t have everything he wants.
“These photos are lovely,” Natasha says by way of greeting. “Does she photograph professionally?”
They had been cordial, Bucky and Tony. There had been bad blood, obviously. Tony admitted that he found it hard to even look Bucky in the eye, not out of hatred but guilt. And Bucky had then admitted the same thing, said he didn’t know how to talk to someone who he had hurt so profoundly, not just through the murder of his parents but by supplanting him in Steve’s affections.
“It’s been two months, I’m used to a faster response.”
He can feel Steve’s eyes on him. “Coffee,” he says, “you coming?”
The kid is crying, but he’s got a hand gripped around Pepper’s wrist, and she’s screaming. It’s wordless, agony, sound. To lose a husband.
“What happened in New York?”
And while he’s working, Tony thinks about Killian’s hands on his throat, and how certain he had been that he was going to die. But he didn’t die. Because Steve found him.
Steve is wearing sweatpants, a nice faded T-shirt that’s too tight. His hair is ruffled, he has a shadow on his jaw. “Surprise,” Tony says, like he’s fine, like this is a cute trick.
rebuild. It’s not a blessing – no, Steve will never allow it to be called that, but maybe –
He hears Steve voice, short, sharp. “Well now,” he says, “this is the way the alpha do business, Captain.”
He spins in his chair, sighing. What time is it? Eight? Morning or night? Night. Brilliant. There’s still a few hours left before spending the whole day in the workshop becomes socially inadequate.
“Good luck getting her back stateside. And Tony can’t leave the country, what, ship him off and let Potts take care of him? You might as well put the knife in his hand.”
“And leave you?”
“Can I ask a personal question?”
Steve gets the message, then. When Tony starts chewing his nail again, he doesn’t comment on it.
Why would they want him? Why would they need him? Built for his structure, what does mean? Was it targeted, an assassination attempt, why is
“Here,” Rhodes is saying, gently, “you’re okay, buddy.” He closes Tony’s eyes. He holds his hand. “Cap,” he says, “I can’t carry him.”
“I don’t,” Steve assures. “Look away,” he says, because he’s crumpling the picture, folding it into squares. “Who gave this to you?”
Steve sets him down, gentle-like. “You smell like apples,” he mumbles into his scalp.
“You can talk in your sleep, you know,” they tell him. But Tony’s eyes are already getting heavy. The cold water from the towel drips down either side of his temples. Delicate, and soothing.
“It’s alright,” Pierce says, but he sounds uncomfortable. “After all that – your body is just confused, Tony.”
Tony blinks. He can't remember. He hisses as the nurses fingers bump along his head, find the point where the pain is radiating from. Tony tries to throw her off, raising his hands to protect his scalp.
Tony drops the glass on the floor. It lands with a soft ‘thunk’ on the carpet, the last dregs of water staining it dark beige. “Well,” he says, “I’ll try not to get hurt on your account then, huh?”
“It’s fine. It’ll be fine.”
“You ass,” Steve says, approaching at a low crouch “you fucking asshole, how much did Diana pay you to kill me? Hmm?” He takes a fistful of his hair in his grip, tugs up his head. “Tell me!”
“I think,” she says, “that…”
Tony should, or, Tony does. He slopes onto his forearms, pushes himself up, lips slack.
Tony doesn’t know why he asked. He’s never wanted to show anyone the scars before. In fact he does everything he can to pretend they don’t exist, that they never happened. Rhodes looks at him, then nods, furtive.
“What did she do?” Steve asks, “that was so great?”
“Well what do we do?”
“For what? You think I was here for the money to begin with?”
“God,” he rasps, “the omegas. They were slaves, Tony, they were – experiments. Most of them couldn’t even speak, the only one that could… the things she said. Skinny little things, you could see bone. They were all drugged, that’s what they do there. Test this – this drug – “
“Too good to be true,” Steve huffs, fisting his hand in the back of his hair, biting sharply at the juncture between neck and shoulder. “Fucking knew it.”
“He isn’t our friend, Steve. And he’s going to try to trick you. It’s what he does, he’s a liar, Steve, and he wants you dead, he hates you more than anything. No matter what he tells you, don’t listen, he won’t kill me – “
Steve’s thumbs press warningly. “No. But in this world, we’ve signed a contract. A proper contract, old-fashioned. I’m leasing you for, I don’t know, six months, a year. And you’ve agreed to it, because you know it’s good for you. You want to be taken care of, and you want to be taken out of your head.”
“Use a fork.” Tony says “That’s unhygienic.”
“It’s alright, Tony,” Natasha says gently.
“When will I see you again?” Steve asks, desperate. “Can I see you again?”
Diana smoothes his back with a soft hand. Pushes his cheek down onto the stone. “This might sting a little,” she says sweetly and then she gets to work.
“Yeah,” Rhodey agrees, “you definitely do.”
Natasha nods. “I’m sorry,” she says. “Do you think — you’ll ever do it again? Be Iron Man? Save the world?”
“Stop it,” Tony mutters, pressing his face into the thin pillow. “Go away.”
“Yeah,” Bucky sighs. “Me too.”
“My great-niece,” Pierce explains, smiling down him, head haloed in – soft yellow, soft breeze. He brings the freshly mown grass with him, the smell like… like when Tony would sit in the garden with his mom, and he’d make necklaces out of the stems of flowers. “I should probably be returning her to Anna, the children are leaving now, Tony.”
“I saw it, I just – didn’t believe it, I guess. You look young. I mean – younger.”
Neither does anyone else. One by one, they disappear, and go their separate ways.
“Eh,” Tony shrugs “that’s exaggerated. More like… riding a rollercoaster.”
"Shit," Steve pants, pushing Tony's head back "are you okay? Colour, Tony, check in."
“No,” Tony says, firmly. “Not tonight. I’m sorry, Aldrich.”
“Good boy,” Steve says, almost – fondly? Tony can’t tell. “You should clean up this mess, first. Wouldn’t want some tech finding it, would we?”
“No. It was built for his structure. Look, I really can’t be giving away this kind of information over an insecure line – please. Don’t wait around, just take a suit. Helicarrier, I’m having coordinates patched over now.”
“Tony,” Steve warns.
“No,” the woman says “you don’t.”
Tony narrows his eyes, smiles uneasily. “Sure, bud,” he says slowly, patting his arm. “You’re a little worked up, hey, I get it. I just had a cardiac arrest.”
Tony knows cars. He knows what happens when you put fire near cars.
love them more than that, in an aching, desperate sort of way. “It’s different,” Tony explains, or tries to. “When you’re rich.”
Tony frowns at him.
“We do?”
And he leaves. Just like that.
Tony had nodded, stared blankly, and in his head run back the days to better times, when Steve would hold him close.
Tony laughs. “Just pretty?”
"Blindfold." Tony answers.
“I don’t expect you to understand.”
“What I want?”
Steve is laughing. “All three, huh?”
Tony is helpless. He thinks his jaw might break. His eyes are stinging, his chest damp with his own drool, and his prick – is still so fucking hard against his belly. “What was I saying?” Steve asks casually, shifting forward slightly which means nothing to him, but drives the knot further against Tony’s throat, the slow pumping of come into his belly triggering a weak coughing fit, seed just slipping through the corners of his mouth. “About your rightful place. I’d keep you here permanently if I could, Stark. What do you think? You’d be a good come-dump, full-time. It would certainly keep you out of trouble.”
“For anyone, Sarah. That’s…”
“After I’d ripped off Killian’s head, you were still awake. Do you remember?”
She never did like Quill. Now she knows why. Mushy, and emotional. No good.
Tony flushes. Shuts his eyes to avert his gaze. “No,” Pierce orders, gently, “keep them open. Look at me.”
"Yeah you are." Natasha says, smiling wryly. "You took one hell of a bash."
Tony laughs. “
“I’ll think about it.”
He thinks he might be really, really high right now. He can't tell if it's the head injury or the drugs but he's caught in a soft blur, the people around him talking and moving and him not really noticing any of it. He lifts his hand to probe at the wound on his head. "Ouch." He says.
“Obviously. Anyone that’ll have me, right? That’s what you said.”
“Diana found Tony. Beat him. She was going to kill me, Gus pulled me down. Thought I was dead. They left. Took Tony with them.” Steve coughs, body jolting, and Natasha feeds him some more water. He licks his lips.
to you, I will try. In return – I just need a little help with the Captain. Don’t you think, now of all times, having someone like him to guard your back is one of the best things?”
“This is for work. If you invited me somewhere and had to leave for work, I wouldn’t be upset,” Tony says, rationally.
“Tony,” Rhodey calls, and then louder. “Tony, Tones – “
and Steve rewards it with a kiss to his head.
next chapter is...................................................
Tony cracks open an eye, tries to hide his smile. Busted. “More than you know, Steve.”
"I do."
“Shh,” Pierce soothes, hand on his knee, and then on his thigh. He exhales smoke, pats his leg. “We’re not going to rape you, Tony, is that what you’re worried about? Don’t you worry. We’re not going to hurt you. How could I ever hurt a sweet bitch when they’re as trusting as you? It’s too cruel, like kicking a dog.”
That’s strange, but Tony doesn’t question it. “Sure,” he says, “but it’s not as good as when you do it.”
but he can’t. So he settles for rolling his eyes.
Pierce’s face is hazy. It’s the strangest thing, to
He rolls, curls gently on his side, arms loose and fingers lax, curled softly. The furs are soft against his cheek.
“Smell it,” he prompts, “go on. What do you think?”
“Okay,” he agrees, slowly. “Fine. Deal.”
Mr Cain laughs, even though his face is all twisted, melted, bushy eyebrows and – blonde hair, although it had been white before. “I’d love to see you in red, Tony. Next time, when the HYDRA has existed for a long time, you just haven’t noticed. We’ve been inside those pretty department stores, Tony, where they sell the nice brassieres. Would you like a nice brassiere? I can tell Fury, but between you me, he won’t be around for much longer.”
Standing, he stumbles to the cabinet, wrist tucked against his chest. He picks out a single-malt, pulls the stopper with his teeth. Downs it quick, wincing. The pain is going to hit him, soon, and he doesn’t want to be here when it does.
Steve slowly breaks away, Tony chasing his lips as he leaves. “There,” he says, sounding pleased with himself, thumbing Tony’s lip once more. “Now you look fucked, huh?” He smacks his ass, jerks his head. “Get moving, soldier. And don’t let me catch you with that damn phone again.”
He wasn’t invited. Steve didn’t invite him. He’d waited before even asking him to spend the evening, out of pity. Tony doesn’t want pity, oh no. It’s cold. He’s not wearing a coat. He doesn’t want pity. He’s going to show Steve everything that he can bring to the table, yes he will. He’s --
Ouch. Steve’s nail is digging into Tony’s left nipple – his eyes fly open, he makes a noise of pain. It’s gone as soon as it comes; Steve lunges up to press a soft kiss against the skin, lingering.
“I want to help them,” Tony says, distantly.
So he lets it ring out, once, twice, three times. He figures none of those people would ever be so persistent, and reluctantly, he answers. “Hello?” The voice says, down the line.
“You’re right,” she says cooly. “It was stupid of me to think you would want to try and help this kid who — for the record — I didn’t know existed until yesterday.”
They sleep. Tony comes-to slowly, frowning, unsure – he’s warm, too warm. Steve’s arms are heavy, hot. And tightening. Tighter and tighter.
“I’m sorry, I thought we were talking about
"Steve, she's got other people to deal with." Natasha says, suddenly, and Tony doesn't remember her joining the conversation. "We're stretched thin as it is. They're flying in more aid but for now -- "
It is typical. The fact he let those things happen to him, back then, the fact that there are still photos (of course there are, you idiot, do you think people like that are the kind of people to stick to their word?), the fact that it’s just one more fuck up in a long line of fuck ups. Tony, who can’t keep it in his pants, Tony, who sleeps with other alpha on date night. Jesus, he’s sick. He’s so fucking sick.
“Eight. You slept a long time.”
“Oh yeah?”
“I love you,” Tony replies, simply. “And I want you to live.”
He’s absently pushing spaghetti around a pot when it happens. The security lock disengages. The door opens.
Even in the good days, there were bad days
Tony wondered where Fury had gone, but he can’t imagine him ever being moved by anything enough to lose his cool like that. “I knew what I was getting into,” he murmurs, frowning. His head hurts. Pierce holds out another glass, and Tony is all too glad to accept.
“He doesn’t treat you right,” Pierce continues, “the way you deserve to be treated. Does he?”
"Yeah." Tony exhales. "It's fine. Just -- " he shrugs off the robe "hold me, tonight. I'll be okay."
Tony nods and smiles. “I would like that.”
“Earlier today. At lunch, you said that your mom used to take you there, but you never mention her. But you must think about her, otherwise you wouldn’t have said. And you wouldn’t have taken me,” he adds.
“I’m just tired.”
“I do,” the man smiles, fishing it out of his pocket, clicking the end. Tony searches the floor for any other names to tick off his list – if everything goes well, he can be in his car in less than an hour. “Here – it’s one of my favourites.”
“ – was just telling me about his invention.”
Psycho-analysing
Steve blinks. "Yeah? Of course I prefer you -- why wouldn't I? Isn't that a normal thing?"
"Tony," Steve says, voice too loud in his ears "Tony, relax. We're just scanning you, okay? Do you understand?"
So, updating will be sporadic as this is the time of year that real life kinda catches up with me. But this is not abandoned, ever. If you ever wonder, just drop me a line asking and I'll make sure to fill you in with when it might be updating. Also, we're getting into the real plot here so please comment to tell me what you think!
Pierce’s chair creaks, slightly, as he leans forward to tip ash into the tray. Tony’s shoulder heave; his eyes are watering. It’s torture. His hands shake – he makes his fingers into claws, then into fists, then splays them out, as if he can suck in oxygen through their tips.
Warnings for sexual assault. No rape, but.... yeah. Not good.
“Can I sit?”
Steve upside down face frowns at him. “I’m not a chauvinist.”
“Never,” Steve croaks.
“No,” Steve says, and Tony can tell he’s choosing his next words very carefully. “But I was thinking, about all that stuff you said. Using your body for things, and I thought – well, maybe there are things you want from me. Not – not material things, not – that’s not what I mean. But you think if I’m on your side, you have a… that I’m on your side. Maybe, I don’t hurt you if I’m your side. I vouch for you with Fury. Things like that.”
“My name’s Tony.”
There’s someone else there, though. Hooded, standing braced against wind with his hands in his pockets.
So Tony sits there, for a while, feet hanging off the edge of the dam.
Steve goes quiet, slightly, and Tony's internal scales for judging his dom's mood falls flat. "Steve?" He says "Steve I -- I was joking. I'm joking, I didn't -- "
“But you do remember,” Steve points out, “because otherwise, you wouldn’t have spent the night looking like you just shit your pants.”
“He would rather remain private. But he came to me, said there were grounds for reimbursement if you sued. I told him I didn’t think that was likely. Was I right to think that?”
He runs by everything that he has worth living for. Iron Man. Stark Industries. Pepper would be sad, if he died. So would his team. Rhodey would be furious. But they already think he’s dead, they can handle it. Anyone could wear the suit, Rhodey, he deserves it. Pepper can continue the legacy, SI will ship out reactors, in fifty years they could have the whole planet running on sustainable energy.
Now, Steve smirks. “Sure,” he says. “I don’t figure too much has changed in the past 70-years, Stark. I’m know you’re useful to have around for all sorts of reasons, but you’re going to need an alpha to take you in hand if this is going to work.”
“He could sign like the rest of us, Steve.”
He can just about lather them with his tongue, fuck his mouth back and forth on their length. Steve’s scent goes – harsh. Hot. Tony’s pants are sticking to his ass, and Steve will be able to feel the warmth on his thighs.
“My subconscious, huh?” Is it Tony, or does Steve seem slightly amused? He throws his bag back down on the bench. “Why would my subconscious say that?”
Tony grins and Steve pulls off the blindfold just so he can see his eyes crinkle. "I'd like that very much, Sir."
From the ensuite, he hears Natasha turn off the water tap. She comes out, holding a towel, patting her face dry, listening.
Steve thrusts up, but it’s Tony who get the pleasure. Like this, cock trapped between their stomachs, the new position pushing Steve against his prostate again and again, Tony can ride him till – till –
“It does?”
Gus snorts. “Do me a favour, Captain. Come here.”
He humours him, lathering the digits with spit. When Steve smirks up at him, as if to say ‘silent so soon?’ he bites them, just to prove a point. It’s gratifying to hear him gasp with the pain of it.
know?”
Tony shuts his eyes just as the door opens, forces his breath to come slow and steady, fakes a small snore. Whoever it is just stands in the doorway.
“Oh, absolutely.” Gus manages, tongue running over his lips. “These are my last moments.”
“Are you in a rush?”
“Know’s what?” Natasha asks, sharply.
"You're talking to the wrong guy."
I didn’t come here to play games, Steve answers.
Tony thinks, because hearing Steve cry is one of the worst things, unnatural, unbearable. He doesn’t know what he would do if he cried.
“I’ll be honest, Thor, I didn’t think you two were that close.”
But he can’t lie. So he just shrugs, and drinks his coffee.
“Yes, Fury. Like in the stairwell, footage I am absolutely
“What’s wrong?” The man is asking. “You look great.”
Tony doesn’t say anything, because he can’t.
“But he’s alive,” Steve blurts, almost confused. “You make it sound like – “
“Exactly.”
“Yeah. Weren’t your instincts going – beep beep beep?”
“Because it’s – it’s – it is,” Tony insists, although now he’s not sure how, and he can’t work out if maybe he’s angry at himself for crossing a line, or treating Steve like shit, or just being caught out.
“Can’t make what shut up, Tony?”
“You are from earth?” She calls, flipping on the gears. “Quill’s planet. There were stones on earth. That’s where he would have gone.”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, more or less. “It’s his job, though.”
The second morning after he arrives at the old facility breakfast is served to him cut into bits. Bacon, hash browns, eggs. He doesn’t get a knife, but he does have a plastic spoon. His orange juice isn’t even in a glass, someone has put it in a sippy cup, like he’s a child. His meds, the exact number of pills he has to take today, are in a small plastic box which is laid out on the tray next to his food and his hands shake so much it’s near impossible to get them into his mouth. He hates that he’s grateful for the bottled cup, that it means he won’t have to worry about spilling OJ on himself, and that he won’t have to suffer the indignity of having someone (inevitably, Steve) clean him up.
“Yeah, well. You weren’t so friendly towards the end.”
Tony is actually distantly aware when they come in to land, but he feels like he's wrapped in cotton wool. Too warm, too comfy, to move. Even if he could, he doesn't want to. Steve gently unclips his belt and lifts him into his strong arms. The world tilts as they walk down the ramp onto the asphalt and then down the stairs to the sky entrance.
A beat. Bruce claps his hand against Tony’s shoulder, shakes him gently. “No, man,” he says wearily. “We need you, right? Earth’s greatest defender. Can’t let you disappear without a fight.”
Tony leans forward, hands on the desk, enunciating clearly: “I said,
“There’s sick on your clothes, Tony,” Pierce tells him, directly into his ear, breath hot. “It smells like distress. If you keep them on, it will upset you. I am going to take off your clothes, now. You’re going to let me.”
Steve feels clammy. "I hope -- the box. I hope it means something."
“Alphas,” Steve realises.
Tony looks at him. His eyes really are vacant; it’s terrifying, and bizarre, like someone has reached inside and scraped Tony’s soul from his body. “You trust in me?” He whispers. “Even after this? Even after I’ve failed so – monumentally?”
"Apples?"
Psychology, Pierce says again. His figure doubles, triples in Tony’s view. He blinks, frowns drowsily.
“That doesn’t mean anything, speak like a normal person.”
I would LOVE to hear how you think Natasha is being played out as well as Diana? I just wanted to forget the guys for a while because Natasha Romanoff is literally one of my faves ever.
"Look's like Iron Man's going to be out of commission of awhile." Clint says.
to. I’m giving you an out. You just had heart surgery, we’ll tell them you can’t take it – “
“But I won’t leave,” Steve had said, mystified, desperate. “Tony, you age means nothing to me. Your health means nothing to me, as long as you try to make yourself better. I would never leave you again, I wouldn’t — I’ve been stupid, I know, I know, but not again. I’ve learned. I’m better now.”
Later, Tony is flicking through news headlines and Steve is fiddling with some new pencils he bought, holding them up to the light, comparing. Tony pauses to watch him; hunched over, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the bed, tongue between his teeth. “Do you like them?” Tony asks, smiles lazily.
Tony clears his throat. He subtly tilts his head to the left, flicks his eyes to where Steve is standing. “Sure,” he says, pointedly, “
“You shouldn’t have,” Tony starts, politely. The room is listing slightly, like he’s drunk. Pierce pulls open a drawer in a writing desk, fishes out a pretty bottle, lid tied with a pink bow.
“A little,” he admits.
“There are people in there,” Tony mutters, and his voice is tight, he’s folded in on himself. “I’m not – I can’t.”
The door opens, and Steve stands there, carefully closing it behind him. “What are you – ”
“Vertical,” he notes. “Strong, deliberate. Would have been deep.”
“Don’t,” Rogers warns.
And I mean that. There are many ways you can turn now, Tony. When we die, what will you do? We haven't led you. The man you become will not be of Howard and I's doing. We can only influence you so far, and if I'm honest with myself, we have influenced you for the worse.
Diana chuckles. “You won’t be saying that in a few hours.”
“Four men dead and our Captain laid out for three days, and you’re sitting there patting yourself on the back for a job well done?” Nick snorts, incredulous. “Like hell, this is the last time we ever take you on your
“But you have love. And you want to avenge. That’s good. My team – we’re called the Avengers, it’s what we do.”
The seat moves back, laying him vertically, and he looks like he’s going to throw up.
“You sure, son?” Steve says patronisingly. “We can forget this if you like.”
Tony nods, not quite meeting Steve's eyes. "Well enough."
“I do,” Tony tells him, honestly.
“Really? Doesn’t seem that way.”
Think.
Head back, eye wide and straining – he can’t breathe.
“You think I don’t know that?”
“Caracas,” Tony clarifies.
“And Pierce,” Steve says, voice slightly reproachful. “I mean,
The first voice mutters, insidious, preaching.
Is Tony’s body in that coffin? It’s terrifying if it is. Did they stitch it back together with a needle and thread? Or did they just bundle him in, a collection of body parts? They should have had him cremated, why didn’t they do that? The idea of Tony, resting like that, not built the way he was born, it makes Steve want to vomit. They should have cremated him, flown his ashes out over the sea, over the sky, over space. Now he’s going to be grounded forever, a patchwork puzzle (there’s a reason it isn’t open casket) and stuck in the earth, buried. Jesus, that’s not right, that’s just not right, Tony needs to be in the air, somewhere he can hum, and fly —
Pierce tsks. Tips ash in the tray. Tony hears him cross his legs, one to the other. “Anyway,” he sighs, like he never heard him, “as I was saying to our sweet Tony earlier: let’s talk psychology.”
“It burns him from the inside out,” Ross interrupts. “You know this, I know it. I don’t have a horse in the race, except for the fact this happened under my watch. It probably won’t kill him,” he concedes, “no doubt, the serum’s trying to counteract it. But he’s in for a hellish few weeks.”
“Sure, the press do it sometimes, or…” he trails off.
“And Tony, you have to be on your best behaviour. You can’t — attack anyone, or keep talking about HYDRA like this.”
“Okay, Gustav.” Steve says quietly, exhausted.
“I’ll tell him.”
He takes over stew-duty that night, and the night after that. It’s for both their sakes. Nick is old, and weaker than he used to be, and Tony just can’t take the god-awful taste of sandy balls in his mouth any longer.
Steve keeps his eyes on the road. “I had it mentioned to me,” he says. “A friend of yours, high up. He had a sister at Green Roots, said he saw you there a few months ago. Figured that there had been a great injustice levelled against you.”
Tony can’t say,
He turns. Squints, as if flashing the words over in his head, running the equations. And then: “Okay,” he says, abruptly. “Over dinner. Sure.”
“I’ll deal with Richards. We have an understanding.”
“You said, people wanted breeding contracts – “
“Would that bother you?” Tony asks lazily, sitting up.
“Eager,” they tell him. They put a glass to his lips. He drinks again.
“Just walking?! With your history? For fuck’s sake Tony, think of other people! Think of me!”
“You didn’t — you didn’t call. Or ask. Or text anyone, or do anything, didn’t you — did you see the news?” Tony asks, hoarse.
After, he wonders about what it cost.
His hips twitch into Tony’s hand. He sucks at the base of Steve’s cock as he uses his fingers on him. “Do you like that, Captain?” He asks, a string of drool between Steve’s skin and his lips.
Don’t you fucking touch him, Steve says.
“Who are the ‘sizeable minority’? Whose desk are you going to stop that report from landing on?”
“I know,” Tony starts, “I know it looks bad.”
And Tony laughs at that, feels himself smiling. “I guess that’s true,” he says, “you know I’m a stubborn bitch.”
“Do you really think he’ll say no?”
“No. It would just be better if you did.”
“I’m not going to kill you, Richards,” Steve frowns. “If Tony wanted you dead, he would have killed you years ago.”
Steve is wracked by something, a shiver, a spasm; he curls tighter, groans. “Oh,” he breathes, pained, voice breathy and soft and scared, bracing his hand on the wall. “It – they – bad. You, Tony.” He wraps his arms around Tony’s back, squeezes him tight –
He winces, because he knows how that sounds. Steve doesn’t look offended. “How is it different?” He asks, pillowing his head on his arm. Tony can never figure this out – does he genuinely want to know Tony’s opinion? Does he just like hearing him talk? Maybe it helps him sleep.
“I think he wants to talk,” Pierce says, tapping the loudspeaker. “There, Tony, how about you say your piece before you blow a blood vessel.”
“Are you real?” Tony asks, feeling like an idiot, feeling weak. Asking a question like that, it legitimises the paranoia, it legitimises the voices. But he has to, because the phone feels real in his hand, it had rang, and Sarah had told him to get it. He sinks down to the ground, phone pressed to his ear, hand fisted in his hair.
“Are you touching your neck?”
“For Christmas?”
the letters in the post, people are clamouring for your services, Tony. But if — if you think that’s too much, or that’s not what you want… you can come with me.”
“It’s okay, Bucky, he’s right. We’re woefully unequipped to deal with this. Looking around – everything’s a danger. Knives, forks, scissors. The sink, he could try to drown himself in the sink, the bath. The windows need to be locked, Christ, even the sharp edge of a table would be enough.”
“And what’s that?”
It would be wrong. For him to go back in there. To give it all up, all the things he could be, all that potential. For what? To be happy? Sacrifice your last shot at freedom for something as benign and beige as happiness?
“I should thank you,” Pierce nods, exhaling, flicking ash into a tray. “I’m not sure Fury ever could have convinced him. And it’s not like Rumlow’s a prize in himself,” he snorts.
I didn’t, obviously. And as the years turned into decades I gave up trying to force myself to love you. Truth is, I haven’t loved anyone for a very long time. Your father, maybe, at the beginning. My brother. That first baby. I can count on one hand the people I can honestly say I love and I’m sorry that you are not on it.
I know how this must sound. No boy should have to hear about their mother's escapades, and I won't horrify you with them here. But you remember the baby, don't you? The last one, the last one I lost. I had plans. I was going to leave your father. I was going to raise this new baby on my own. I thought my lover would take me in, or that somehow we would be able to have a life together. I was dreaming. The baby died. Nick consoled me, for a time, but then Howard found out. After that, I rarely saw him again.
Killian kicks it from his hand, harmless. “I don’t think so,” he says, dropping to straddle Tony’s waist. “Naughty boy. No phone a friend, From Stark, that’s cheating.”
Clint drags out a harness. “Put the vamp in this,” he says, wind from the quinjet repulsers blowing his hair “we’ll lift him up. Steve, put this on.” And he hands Steve a harness, straps him to the rope.
“Do you?” Steve presses.
“Both.”
“Are there people who get something out of me doing something stupid?”
“But it’s more than that, I think,” Steve says delicately. “I was reading your file.”
Tony shuts his eyes. There’s blood in his mouth, and the muzzle means he can’t spit it out. The soldier is standing behind him, right behind him, close enough that Tony can feel the brush of his Kevlar against his hair. He thinks about the soldier’s hands, and the taste of his lips.
“It’s good to be prepared.”
Steve doesn’t have an answer; why is Thor asking him anyway? Why would he know? “I think they’re talking about turning it into — a monument. This floor and up.”
Strong nose, jaw, sloped cheeks. “Even if I am just your bit of rough.”
“You want to fight?” Thor asks quietly. “You stand here, in the tower that was once your home, without the man who built it, and you argue? While he is still fresh in the ground?”
“Fine. Think on it.” Rhodes smoothes down the letter and tucks it in his pocket.
“Yeah,” Steve sighs, “that figures.” His gaze flicks back up to Tony, then down to his collarbone. He pinches the collar of his shirt and peels it back slightly to look at the skin beneath. “I know we said you could keep the clothes,” he says innocently, “but we didn’t discuss having a look.”
“Yeah,” the man says, “we met a few years back. I called you a whore, Captain America made me apologise.”
“Oh, they’ll get an impression alright,” Steve tells him, brusquely kicking apart his legs. “If I were you, I’d keep my voice low. You don’t want to attract attention.”
Tony hated cinnamon. "I'm fine, thank you," Steve tells him, stiffly. "So how did it play out? You saw the truth? Traded the time stone, knowing Tony was the only one who could pull it off?"
“You don’t like it?” He slurs.
“CAPTAIN!” Someone screams “MR ROGERS!”
"Then I leave. Bodily autonomy, as shocking as this sounds, you actually don't control me, sweetie." Tony steps out into the bedroom. "And can I suggest that, next time, instead of calling me out on trying to, what did you say? Trying to push my issues on you, how about you stand up to the fact that you just don't want to admit you need my help, because you're Mr Dom, you're the alpha male, you don't need anyone's help and fuck the noise, right, you're just that great. Well screw you, screw you for not letting me help and have fun cuddling your pillow." Tony grabs a blanket from the cupboard "And tell you what," he adds "when you have your nightmare, calm yourself down, because you're a big boy, and you don't need someone as stupid as me helping you out."
“It’s strange, for me.” Tony swallows. “It’s strange. To have, to have dinners. With people. Who…”
“I’d – hell, I don’t know,” Steve says, blowing air. “I’d do something, I guess. Combine the timelines. I’d save Bucky, I’d – stop you from ever going through the wormhole. I don’t know. I don’t think I could handle it.”
“Steve,
Tony pulls back, to get a better look at Steve’s face. He frowns at him, searching; he traces his eye with his thumb, the cuts on nose. Steve suffers his ministrations, only flinching slightly, letting him check him over. He keeps his arm wrapped around his waist, comfortable, while he does his work. “Yeah,” he says, quietly. “I know. Not so pretty, huh? But it’ll heal.”
“Probably best to save it for the grand finale.”
Tony nods, quickly. He would like to be a part of one of Steve’s secrets.
“And how do you feel?”
Fury’s eye is observing him. He sees it watch the top of his head, and then focus back on Tony’s face. “Are you done?” He asks, bluntly.
Tony relaxes into his hands. It feels too good, to have his nipples stroked. He tests the ties around his wrists – still strong. He tips back his head and sighs.
“Shake your ass, Stark!”
He has to obey, right now. He turns his head, opens his eyes, looks at a point past Steve’s head. “It’s awful,” he agrees, dully. “I’m awful.”
“Pizza.” They agree.
to be talked out of situations like this.”
Tony does. Steve puts his hands back on his head, but more gently this time. “There,” he says, softly. “Just keep looking at me.”
He turns back to the ceiling. Ornate. All this knowledge, all this wealth, locked up here in a country smaller than the state of New York. What would Tony do? Would he protect his own, or would he have shared it, like T’Challa? Hard to tell. Doesn’t matter, anyway. Nothing does now, not really.
“Yeah, that’s not the weird part. He wanted to pretend I was his son, and he was my dad. And he had a diaper – “
