Jack looked back at Castiel. “What’s a Nephilim?”
Dean decided to let Castiel peacefully sleep for as long as possible, so he stayed downstairs and watched TV. Time passed slowly, but he accepted it. As long as Castiel was sleeping, he was okay.
“Sign the petitions, make yourself heard.” Gabriel looked to Castiel. “You’re gonna be a great nurse. I know it.”
Dean swallowed. He really hadn’t seen anything in Chicago other than the house, the airport, that one restaurant, and the hospital. “Yeah, it’s great, from what I’ve seen so far, yeah.”
Sam nods, mouthing out Castiel’s name a few times. “Are we getting food?”
Gabriel grins and pours Castiel a shot. “Fair enough. Here you go.”
Castiel nods. “It is. My parents are pretty religious.”
Sam searched Dean’s face for a moment. “You actually like him?”
Dean nods. “Yeah, I’m getting wasted. I deserve it after getting chucked off a cliff.”
“You should have been angry. Luke made it look like I just left without a word. That’s a good reason to hate me forever. Now, I’m not going to listen to you talk badly about yourself anymore. You are a great man, a great dad, and you were great to me while we were together in Chicago. I know Sam looks up to you for everything.”
Dean nodded and curled around a pillow, taking slow, deep breaths to try and calm himself. His stomach was tight and he worried that if he moved too much he might start vomiting. He had his eyes tightly closed, so the thing that signaled him of Castiel’s return was that delicious scent. He opened his eyes and saw a few bottles of water and a little medicine cup with pills in it.
With a shake of his head, Cas leans forward a little. “I know what you’re trying to say, and I appreciate the sentiment.” He closes his eyes. “I’m imagining what it’s going to be like when you’re inside me. You’re big, so the stretch will be nice. What I’m most excited about is watching you come undone. I’m going to take you apart and put you back together again.”
It’s quiet for Castiel today. There’s whispers, but nothing he can’t handle. He stays calm throughout the day and feels a little better, despite not sleeping at all after the poltergeist encounter in the middle of the night. Cleaning and staying distracted with Dean helps.
“Like I said, I never had time for it.”
“Can you sit up to drink? You’re going to sweat out a lot of water, and you need to stay hydrated. How hot are you right now?”
“Do you not believe in soulmates?”
Castiel sniffs and starts crying even harder. All the fear comes bubbling to the surface and he hangs on to Dean for dear life to keep from going under. “T-The voices…”
Jack sat down on the edge of the bed. “This is a lot nicer than the cell.”
“Lucky.” Dean laughed a little to himself. “How was work?”
Michael kissed Dean’s forehead. “Goodbye, Dean.” He picked up his phone and left the room, leaving Dean by himself in the hospital bed.
“It’s okay. You were basically forced out of the house, and I stay cooped up so you don’t see me much. Also, he’s never laid a hand on me, so it’s not that bad-”
This was…nice.
Dean groans. “Yes. I love it but the amount of work we have is torture.”
“Thanks. I have a lot of embroidery projects. They calm me down.”
Cas smiles and begins walking towards the exit of the park. The sounds of the concert slowly fade away as they get further from the stage.
“It matters because you don’t respect me.”
Michael stood up, excitement still prominent in his scent. “Let’s get ready for bed. It’s late, and we have the entire day together tomorrow.”
Dean hugged Cas tightly and sighed. “We still have this time, yeah? We can still be buddies and hang out all the time.”
Dean sighs and looks at Castiel. “I still can’t believe you were an angel. I can’t believe I saw you as an angel. It was really weird.”
Castiel swallows and meets Meg’s gaze. “Why?”
“Damn, you’re married now? Crazy. So you were okay? Nothing happened to you after Mom and Dad threw you out?”
The backyard is now rid of weeds, and the dirt surrounding the back patio has been raked with a hoe to break it up from the dried mass that it once was.
“Uncle Gabriel!”
Dean mirrors him and takes his shoes off, leaving them by the front door. “Nice place.”
Dean scrambled to get his own shirt off, desperate for the skin to skin contact that he had craved for months.
Dean gets Sam started on a conversation about school and the car is filled with a buzz of conversation between Sam and Dean. Castiel focuses on the road and smiles as he listens to the brothers.
“Then let me show you.” Castiel gently took the hem of Dean’s shirt and lifted it over his head. He smiled when he saw Dean, running his hands down his sides. “You’re perfect to me.”
“They’re the only piercings I can have at work, currently. I got these years ago. I had a bit of a rebellious teenage phase.” He slides his shorts and briefs off next.
Castiel stands up. “Come on, let’s put some actual pajamas on and go to bed. I’ll lay with you until you fall back asleep. You can even sleep in my room if you want.”
By the time the car pulled up to take Dean to the school and subsequently, the park, he was a wreck. He composed himself with a few deep breaths before walking through the front door for what was hopefully the last time. He got into the car and tapped his fingers on his thigh as the driver took him to the school. Dean rolled down his window in the carpool line and watched for Claire, smiling when he saw her being walked to the car. He got out of the car to help her into her carseat, thanked the teacher, and got back in.
“Dean?”
Dean blinked in realization. “Shit, I didn’t even think about that.” He sighed and nodded. “Okay, don’t do that then. You’re right. That’s not worth the risk...What about the other way around?”
Things took a complete turn when Castiel went to divorce court. He didn’t have the money for a lawyer, so he had to represent himself. Fortunately, he had spent months building a case for himself. In the last weeks that he was in the house, he had audio-recorded some of the verbal abuse he received on a daily basis. He documented as much as he could and presented a case on how Luke completely screwed him over.
Castiel frowns. “Wait, I’ll drive you to the airport.”
Castiel sighs and breaks eye contact with Meg, staring at the wall behind her. “He’s not ready. We’re going to keep waiting.”
“So, Michael lets you go out on your own now?”
Castiel runs into his room and closes the door. That was the first time he actually responded to the flirting, and attempted to flirt back. He isn’t sure how well that went for him.
“Ah. Alright...Is your TV on?”
Dean dropped his fork with a sigh. “You told me you spend your heats alone and you don’t want anyone to bother you, but when you actually started your heat, both Gabriel and Luke went in there with you.”
“Hell no, I’d never work directly under Crowley. He’s a dick.”
Dean’s own face heats a little. He can’t believe that someone as gorgeous as this man actually likes him. “It’s fine. I don’t mind.” He has no idea how to flirt with men or even if he wants to flirt with this man. Would he even be interested in Dean if he knew he was still in the closet?
Dean let out a small sigh of relief. “You didn’t happen to get any names, did you?”
Dean drops his bag by the door. “Cas, I’m so sorry. We have to postpone our date.”
Dean watched curiously. “What do you see?”
“Then why not?”
Dean sighed. “This isn’t a conversation to have with me. It’s not my call. Talk to Jody tomorrow and see what she says.”
Gabriel nods. “Yup.”
Dean handed his laptop to Castiel. “Go for it.”
“Mmm, probably getting drunk at the bar. It’s okay, he has a short temper, but when he’s at an event like this, he’s the most charming man you’ll ever meet, no matter how drunk he is. He can lay it on you when he wants to.” Castiel was still angry about the fight earlier. He knew he sounded angry, but he didn’t want to. He was supposed to be comforting Dean, not the other way around.
Dean nodded. “I guess I have to be. He’s some of the only family I’ve got. He lives with our uncle Bobby, who isn’t actually blood-related to us, but we always called him that. I can’t believe the kid’s going to college.” He hummed. “You got any siblings?”
Dean took a moment to get a good look at Castiel. He never really thought about it before, but Castiel was bot. Dean slowly moved over Castiel, straddling his hips. “Is this okay?”
“Hello, omega.”
Gabriel looks right back at Castiel. “We need to talk, kiddo.”
The voices start to get to Castiel during spring break. He locks himself away in his room for an entire day and holds his head in his hands. He doesn’t eat all day. He wills that the voices calling to him to come home will shut up. He cries for a while, wondering what went wrong with him. Surely once someone finds out that he’s hearing voices he’ll be locked up in a psych ward forever.
“Hey guys I found a- Holy shit!”
Dean furrowed his brows in confusion. “You don’t like the smell of his rut?”
Castiel and Dean were wearing matching omega pride shirts. The design had the omega symbol with the stripes of the omega pride flag, which was pastel pink, yellow, and blue.
Dean pouts as well. “But it’s cute.”
Dean took off his work uniform and showered before dressing in a collared shirt and black jeans. It wasn’t his fanciest outfit, but he had made Castiel promise that they wouldn’t go somewhere super fancy, since those kinds of places tended to stress Dean out, even if he wasn’t the one paying.
Castiel sits in the desk chair and takes a deep breath. “I’ve been hearing voices for the past few weeks. It kind of goes with my tinnitus. My ears ring and then I hear them.”
Castiel met Dean’s eyes and chuckled softly. “No one’s ever looked at me like that before.”
Dean looked back at him. “There will be in a minute. Go ahead and sit.”
“Mhm. I know, love.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, it was good. Yours isn’t cold is it?”
“So you’re an only child?”
Jack nodded. “Castiel said he’d take me.”
Gabriel picks up the TV remote and turns it on. “Let’s watch the ball drop, we have less than three minutes.”
The phone rang once.
Jimmy tilted his head. “Really? When?”
Dean sits down across from Castiel. “Uh, pancakes, grits, bacon, scrambled eggs?”
Dean nodded and hugged Castiel closer. “You’ll still be here when I wake up, right?”
“That actually sounds really nice, thank you.”
“No. Emotional abuse is just as bad as physical abuse. Both tear you down and take away control. I’m glad he hasn’t hurt you physically, but you can’t excuse his behavior that way.”
Castiel had always worried about what his first time would be like. Everyone told him it would be awful and awkward because neither of them would know what they were doing. With Dean, things were easier than he thought they would be. Sure, there were a few awkward moments where one of them would mess up, but in the end, they just laugh and move on. It takes a few minutes to work out (nonsexual) kinks, but then it’s perfect.
It clicked about ten minutes later. Michael probably said no. Castiel felt stupid for thinking the bastard would agree. He should have just taken Dean out here and brought him back. Michael was probably too busy chatting to even notice.
Meg’s head twirls around. “You what?”
Dean shakes his head. “No, no...I want to. I just…” he stumbles over his words. “I don’t know what to do.” He finally meets Cas’s eyes again. “Can you show me?”
Castiel returned a few minutes later with a few damp washcloths in hand. He sat on the side of the bed. “Starting up again?”
“What? No, I’m not. I’m not going to die, and I’m not talking like that either. I’m just saying, I’ll be okay, in a big ol’ mansion, and you’ll be taken care of too.”
“I-uh…He hasn’t…we-”
“Fuck no. I care about you.”
“You think unpacking is fun?” Castiel groans. “This is going to take forever.”
At 2am, Dean woke up to the feeling of slick moving down his thighs and whined. Castiel was awake and ready within a minute.
Luke’s eyes finally moved to Gabriel and he growled at him. Dean thought that would be the moment that he’d leave, but he heard a growl from his left and saw Sam growling back. Luke’s head snapped back to Sam and he took several large steps towards the table.
Dean took a deep breath to try to calm himself back down. He knew Luke wasn’t telling the whole story. There’s no way Castiel would just leave without telling Dean.
Castiel hums. “Fine, then you can pay for your own. I’d feel terrible if you drove me here and paid for my meal.”
Dean chuckled and walked over to Castiel. “You have flour on your nose.” He brushed his thumb over the flour.
“Yeah. Waffle House.”
Silence falls over the two as they enjoy their meals. Soon, all of the plates are cleared, and Castiel’s craving is satisfied.
Castiel carried Dean to the bathroom and set him down on the edge of the tub. He turned the water on and waited for it to heat up.
“So we tell another station that there’s a human and a Nephilim on the loose? I thought we were trying to keep this from getting out.”
“You’re welcome. Happy pride.” He puts the binder back into his backpack and leaves Dean standing there wondering what just happened.
Castiel feels his body beginning to succumb to sleep. He stares out the window as Dean drops off each of their friends at their respective homes. The purr of the engine starts to lull Castiel to sleep, so by the time they arrive at the house Castiel is pretty out of it.
Castiel smiled. “You’re sweet.”
A few minutes after ten, Castiel hears the telltale roar of Baby’s engine. He grins and turns towards the door, propped up on the arm of the couch. He hears the engine cut off and the key turning in the door. It opens up and Dean walks in with a duffel over his shoulder. He beams as soon as he sees Castiel and throws his duffel aside. Castiel jumps off the couch and runs three steps to him, throwing his arms around his neck.
Castiel sucks in a breath and bites his lower lip, his head falling back. His wings unwrap from around both of them.
“Thanks.” Dean navigated the halls of the station until he made it to the holding cells. What he saw in front of cell five startled him to say the least.
Castiel nods. “You should get some breakfast first.” He kisses Dean’s cheek and hugs him tightly.
“Night, Cas.”
“Didn’t work,” Dean mumbled and blinked slowly.
Dean let out a strangled moan. He hardened fully and his mouth hung open. He could still breathe just fine, but just the idea of not being able to had him riled up.
Dean nodded. “No problem. I’m gonna head upstairs to bed. If you need anything, I’m in the room at the end of the hall.”
“I see.” Sam paused. “Why is he in your house?”
“It’s about Castiel.”
Dean made a face. “What's that supposed to mean?
Claire started school the next week. They rented a car for Dean to drive until Baby arrived in the upcoming days. He loved the freedom of being behind the wheel and going wherever he wanted. While Castiel was in class and Claire was in school, he sat in a cute coffee shop reading a book.
Castiel followed Dean to the plant. “Scindapsus pictus exotica. It’s sometimes called a silver satin pothos, or silver satin philodendron, but it’s actually neither a pothos nor a philodendron. See how the leaves have almost a silver shimmer to them? They’re curling because he’s thirsty. His name is Stanley.” Castiel stood on his tiptoes to water the plant. He pulled the yellow leaf off.
“No, because that’s weird.”
Castiel huffs. “Same reasons that I used to be scared of you. She’s very intimidating and she doesn’t like me.”
“A little bit. You’re cute.”
“I’ll convince him, don’t worry.”
Dean carried Claire into the bathroom and set her down, only for her to bolt and dive underneath the bed, curling into a ball in the middle. Dean sighed and laid on his stomach next to the bed. He tried to army-crawl under there, but he didn’t fit. “Claire, you need to come out. The faster you get in, the faster it’ll be over.”
Castiel shrugged. “Gabriel can match energy levels when he really wants to. He’s obnoxious even when he’s quiet, but he can bring it down to that level.”
“Here, this is enough to get you on your feet. If you ever come back here, cat comes out of the bag. I’ll tell Michael everything. I’d suggest you get out of Chicago entirely as soon as you’re able. I called a car to take you to wherever you need to go. I don’t care where.” He held out an envelope.
“I’ll go grab a blanket from upstairs. Do you want to change out of your work clothes?”
“You should give at least one a shot. Doing something with your hands helps.”
It was strange to have everyone at the table at once for the first time. It was a fairly quiet breakfast. Dean hoped he’d get to talk to Castiel at some point today, but he knew he should probably spend as much time with Michael as he could.
Michael looks at Zachariah’s body. “I see you’ve already taken care of the problem.”
Dean nodded and left the bedroom, walking into the kitchen with a sigh. He felt very bad at this. Jack seemed so scared of him, and it was awkward as hell. At least cooking gave him some peace.
Suddenly, his tinnitus flares up. It starts off not so bad. He moves a hand to his head and rubs it, willing the ringing to stop. Slowly, it gets louder and louder. The volume of the ringing cranks up in his head and he presses both hands to his ears, face twisting in pain. He can’t even hear Dean trying to talk to him. He can barely feel Dean’s hands on him.
The feeling was maximized at the club, where everyone was looking at him. He laid across the couch next to Castiel, seductively posed. He relished in every long stare he got, his stomach warming up at the idea. He longed for the day that Castiel would want to do a public scene. He promised that they would soon, so hopefully that time would come shortly.
“How long have you been taking those suppressants?”
Cas hums with a soft grin. “I’ll let you take the reins, then. I’m open, so just do what feels right.”
The next morning, Dean woke up and looked up to see Castiel awake and watching him sleep. “Dude, that’s a little creepy.”
Dean’s breath came in gasps as he grew closer. His eyes were locked on Castiel, and he was barely able to blink. There was a deep need to see the other omega and feel their connection burn between them in a glorious flame.
“Maybe.” Dean winks.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “You don’t even know where the Waffle House is.”
Dean chuckles and walks over. “I’ll try my best.”
Castiel blushed furiously and rolled his eyes. “No, we didn’t. Are you spending the night tonight?”
Castiel frowned, looking at Dean, then back at Jody. He looked visibly anxious as he returned to his office.
“Right, I’m Gabriel. I’m one of the Milton brothers. My brother sent me to pick you up so that you wouldn’t be too overwhelmed. I’m here to answer your questions and be moral support.”
“Huh?”
Castiel rubs his head. The voices are getting louder. “Yeah. Today’s been really heavy.”
Suddenly, Dean’s phone buzzes, pulling them out of their apparent staring contest.
“You’re welcome.”
Jimmy arrived later in the afternoon. Now that it was summer and Castiel was out of his classes, Jack and Claire were both home all day. Jimmy took them out of the house to go get ice cream once he arrived, so now the house was empty.
“Alright, no problem.” The man gave a small wave and left them.
Dean felt his own face heating up. He moved a little closer to Castiel and ran both hands through his wings.
Dean finds Castiel’s hand and holds it tightly. “I think that sounds perfect. It’s a little scary, thinking about eternity, but eternity sounds nice when it’s spent with you.”
“Good, actually. I’m excited for the reception. The food we picked looked really good.”
“Dead mom, nutjob dad. I practically raised the kid.” Dean was surprised at himself for even saying that much about his family life to Michael.
Dean looked around inside. “Yeah, but this is where they came from. You going to do that angel spidey sense thing?”
“Fine, then your boyfriend dies. I don’t have to lift a finger. You already know angels can communicate without seeing one another. I’ll just tell Naomi to snap his little neck and then you won’t have a reason to stay on Earth anymore.”
Dean frowned softly when he saw the sadness behind Castiel’s eyes. “You okay?”
Castiel panted softly, lips parted and eyes squeezed shut.
Dean raised a brow. “You say that like you don’t have heats.”
“Sure.” Dean was handed a remote that went to a large TV at the foot of the bed. He turned the TV on and navigated to Netflix. He really didn’t know what he wanted to watch. After scrolling for a bit, he just picked a random documentary about the ocean. That would be calming to watch. He laid down with Michael when prompted and curled up to him. Usually, Dean wouldn’t be this affectionate, but he wanted to get used to this kind of intimacy with Michael quickly. It felt kind of nice to be held like this while he watched TV.
Claire nodded and smiled. “I like the part with the glitter. Why do we wear it?”
“You okay?”
Castiel thought for a moment. “I don’t think I’m ready to talk about that yet.”
“Perfect. As much as I’d like to stay and talk, Sam, the office was busier than usual today and I could use some sleep. I’m planning on coming home early tomorrow, so we’ll get a chance to chat then. Have a good night.”
The kiss started sweet and exploratory, but soon both of them were grabbing at each other, pulling for something more. When Dean slid his hand under Castiel’s shirt, the other omega stopped him.
Dean sighed. He had been thinking about what he wanted to say. “I woke up in a really bad mood, for no reason that I could pinpoint. I was just short-tempered and testy. When you started insisting on figuring out what was wrong, I stormed out, also for no good reason. I just started driving, since that calms me down. I kept going, and after a while, I figured it out.”
“Reading assignment for my British literature class.”
“He wrote this whole letter for me to read and it had a bunch of advice for your heat, like things to look out for to make sure you were safe. I thought it was really nice. I’ve never been with an omega in heat before, so I definitely needed the help.”
The window next to the door opens and Dean climbs in, a large duffel bag over his shoulder. He opens it and pulls out a large can. “Stand here and stay in the circle!”
Castiel shrugged and smiled softly. “Who actually likes the smell of rut? It’s gross on everyone.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “What do you mean?”
“Yeah, and he’s a green bean. I think he’ll fill out eventually but right now the poor kid is all arms and legs. He’s wicked smart. He’s never made a B in his life. He wants to go to law school one day.”
Dean stared at the crowd as he was tied down. There were at least a dozen people who had turned their attention to them. He squirmed a bit to test the bonds, finding himself completely pinned down. It made his face and stomach heat up with arousal. “They’re all looking at me now.”
Ash throws his arms up into the air in defeat, rolling his eyes. “Well excuse me for having my skillset elsewhere!”
When Dean started getting delirious and stopped talking, Castiel knew he couldn’t wait any longer. He stuck his head out the door and yelled.
There’s a moment of silence before Dean’s hands close a little tighter around Castiel’s. “I’m not going anywhere, okay? Just talk me through what’s going on. I’m here.”
Castiel wakes up first the next morning. He looks down and sees Dean still under his arm. His face is fully relaxed and his mouth is hanging open. Castiel smiles at him and kisses his forehead. Looking at him makes Castiel’s heart feel full. Just knowing that Dean was his made everyday life so much sweeter.
Castiel thought for a moment. “I ate a sandwich for lunch yesterday.”
“It’s not Meg anymore, dear.” Her eyes flash black and Castiel’s stomach sinks.
Michael’s arms around him didn’t feel nearly as good, but at this point, Dean craved any kind of contact. He turned over and buried his face in Michael’s chest, blinking away tears. Despite everything, he fell asleep quickly, his body giving in to exhaustion.
Dean nodded, gladly getting out of bed to be led to the shower. He was only mildly disappointed when Castiel didn’t join him and simply watched to make sure he didn’t fall. Once he was clean and dry, Dean returned to bed with Castiel, who made him drink a bottle of water and eat a protein bar. His temperature was still perfect, so it seemed that everything was going according to plan.
He sits on the couch and just before he turns the TV on, he hears Dean’s car starting, and then stopping. Something makes a clicking noise and the engine doesn’t start. Castiel gets up and steps outside to see what’s happening. He sees Dean hit his steering wheel and turn the key again. The engine clicks a few times and Dean sighs, getting out of the car.
“Nothing. Just pointing that out. I know nothing about your past. You’ve been a detective for ten years, but you’re over three hundred years old. Surely you did something else.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Hush. I am not.”
Dean hummed. “Maybe we are soulmates. There’s no denying that we’re drawn to one another.”
“Yeah, I do. I’m not just a gold digger, Sammy.”
“It’s not early, buddy. It’s eleven-thirty. I made you breakfast an hour ago and it’s not gonna stay warm for much longer, even in the oven.”
Castiel stared at Dean for a moment before going back to his wings. “What about before then?”
“Hello?”
“Thanks to you, I’m pretty sure I nailed it. You’re the best, man.” Dean reaches across the table and grabs Castiel’s hand, squeezing it before letting go.
Dean took a deep breath. It was overwhelming to realize how rich a family he was about to marry into.
“Looks like you beat me to it. Probably for the best, I’m not good with the plants. Cas gave me a succulent and I murdered it in less than two weeks.” Jimmy chuckled.
Dean awkwardly sits on the bed and sips his water. He tries to think of something to say, but all he can think of is how he honestly feels. “Why is it weird now?”
“When they gave you to us, they said that you’d come home to them one day. I didn’t think it would be this soon, but that’s okay. They said that you would join them as an angel.”
Dean’s head turns when he hears the same voice he heard earlier. He looks into the booth and spots the man who gave him the flag before the parade. There’s another shorter man next to him who is arranging the crochet works that are hanging.
“I will if I see him again.” Dean sighed. “I just want this whole process to be over so I can move on.”
The stretch of the toy was satisfying, but something was still missing. Dean panted softly as he fucked himself with the dildo, desperate to give himself what he so badly craved.
Dean’s eyes widened slightly. “Why would someone do that? What can do that? Djinn?”
Dean paused and looked away from his screen. It felt wrong to be reading this. It was a very cut and dry article, calling the incident an accident, something that couldn’t have been prevented. At the end, it referenced the family as a whole. It gave Dean a lead.
Dean stopped. “Wait, are you seriously a virgin?”
“You want to talk about it?”
“As much grease as you can give me,” Gabriel grinned. Not even a cold took down his sarcastic and playful nature.
Dean shifts and slowly wakes up. He hums and sits up. “God, a nap didn’t even help calm me down from today.”
Dean gulps, shuddering at the thought of what’s to come. “Shit, Cas…” he breathes out, closing his eyes again. It’s too much.
Dean nodded a bit. “Guess we were in the same boat, huh?’ He chuckled a bit. “I think we’re both avoiding talking about the war.”
“WaHo?”
Castiel hangs on for dear life. “Dean, I might puke if you keep doing that!”
Castiel’s hand tightened hard on Dean’s thigh as the man got closer. Despite whatever Castiel was doing, the man walked all the way to them.
Michael used his forearms to press against Dean’s back. “I had your suit dry-cleaned today. Next week, there’s a company dinner that I’d like for you to attend with me.”
Dean draws a blank at first, but then his mind goes back to the weeks he’s spent looking at promotions for the event. “I wanted answers. I thought if I came to Pride, I would know if this was me or not. I guess I found what I wanted. I kissed a dude tonight. Probably going to sleep with him, too.”
Castiel nods. “I have a question. My friend, Meg, wants to come see the place. Would it be alright if she came over?”
“I’ve only ever had two, and they were about a week long.”
Jimmy froze. “Like, his ex husband?”
Castiel shrugs. “Gabriel said he could take them out, so I think we’ll be alright.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “You know I hate it when you call me that.”
“That’s alright.” Meg uncrosses her arms and sighs. “You both stare at each other with ‘fuck me’ eyes all the time so I can imagine that it’s hard to pause that and wait.”
“She’s shy around adults that she doesn’t know. Give her time. She’s not scared of you, she just doesn’t know you well yet. She’ll love you.”
Cas pauses to consider that. “Yes, I think that works.” He gestures to Dean’s flag. “So, you’re bisexual? Or at least, you think so?”
Dean let go of Claire’s hand to let her go play for a few minutes. He took his phone out of his pocket and put it underneath the slide. “I wrote down all of my contacts so I wouldn’t lose them.”
“No! Thank god, no. He never got physical with either of us. That didn’t stop the yelling, though. It was really bad at night, when Claire had to take a bath. She hates baths and has since she was a baby. She would kick and scream, and still does every once in a while. Every time she did, Michael would yell at both of us to hurry up so he could go to sleep.”
“Last time was great once you were involved. The one thing is, let’s keep it totally platonic, yeah? Just...bros helping bros.”
Dean nods to Castiel with a grin. “Thanks, man. I think we’ll be alright.”
The woman’s eyes moved to Dean, and he felt his stomach drop. He wasn’t going to be nearly as good at this as Castiel.
Castiel knew he was in deep shit when Luke was the first to show up to the hospital. He tapped his foot anxiously. He had been waiting outside the room for an hour now.
He didn't get an immediate reply, but started down there anyway. His phone buzzed while he was in the elevator.
“They left about five minutes after you two did. Haven’t seen them since.” Dean nodded and dropped down at the table.
after what seemed like forever, Gabriel was back out onto the stage. The entire crowd was getting excited, so Dean was hoping that Jimmy was up next. When the waitress winked at him, he felt like he had his answer. Time to see what Jimmy had in store for him.
“I love you.” the angel whispered against his mouth.
“Well, Sammy, you were right about the witch.” He said, still rocking Cas gently. Sam nodded.
“I suppose you’ll have to take another.” Cas said, and Dean could feel him smiling.
Cas closed the door behind him and approached Dean, wrapping his arms around the man’s torso. When Dean pulled out of the embrace, Cas knew something was up.
Dean arched, trying to get closer, but the angle was too awkward. Castiel carefully slid out from under Dean and stretched out beside him on the bed, propping himself up on his elbow. He began to trace his fingers up and down Dean’s chest.
“No.” he mumbled. Cas nearly smiled. It wasn’t usually this easy to get Dean to admit defeat.
“Yeah, but we still don’t know who she is or where to find her. Or if it’s even a
"Not unless you want it to be?" Dean said, trying to phrase it as a question. Castiel chuckled, squeezing Dean's hand.
“Do you know where to find her?”  At that, Cas whimpered and shook his head, then he started to cry. Dean switched into concerned-parent mode immediately.
“Oookay. Way too much information on my little brother’s sex life.” he said, putting up his hands. “Honestly, though, I thought for sure Gabe would top.” He glanced back at Cas, who looked confused, then back at his brother, who had blushed even deeper. Gabriel grinned, and produced a lollipop out of nowhere.
“You aren’t going to hurt him are you?” Dean asked. Casmiria smiled.
“Oh.” Castiel said. Dean chuckled lightly. Cas’ innocence in the way the world worked was one of Dean’s favorite things about the angel. Sam cleared his throat.
The parking deck was suprisingly empty, considering the time of day it was. Castiel expected more people to be out and about, getting ready for the morning commute. Oh, well. At least he wouldn't have to deal with the traffic or the inconsiderate and bad drivers until he was out on the road. It would give him a little bit of a reprieve. He got to his car, a 1978 Lincoln Continental, was a source of contention among many of his friends and co-workers. Dean especially hated it, giving the car the unflattering nickname of 'Pimpmobile'. It amused Castiel to see how worked up Dean got about his car. To Castiel, the car was just something to get him back and forth to where he needed to be, and nothing more. Dean cared much more about his vehicles.
“Thanks, Dean.” She stood up to make her way to his office. “Have fun.” She winked as she walked down the hall. Dean shook his head walked towards the door. Bobby caught him just as he was walking out the door.
“Have a seat.” She said, indicating five hard chairs that had obviously been brought in for this occasion. “Is anyone thirsty?” She asked, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“How did I get so lucky?” He asked, causing Cas chuckle softly.
my angel.” He grumbled, but nonetheless he prayed.
“Oh, God, yes.” Dean breathed. Cas smiled and without warning pulled away. Dean whined at the loss of the angel’s body heat, but Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand and pulled him away from the door. Then he let go and pushed the hunter across the room until Dean felt the back of his knees hit the bed. Cas gave him one final shove and he fell back, landing on the soft mattress. He stood over Dean and quickly kicked off his shoes before starting to unbutton his shirt.
Now, Sam and Dean, I speak directly to you. You know that I have the girl, and you also know that I am not afraid to hurt her. Come to my cabin (I know you know where I am) on Friday and bring this woman. I will allow her to leave with the girl once you are all here. I’ve adjusted the warding to allow your angel to be able to enter. Make sure that
if the feeling of Dean coming inside him wasn’t one of the hottest things Cas had ever felt. Cas pulled Dean in for a kiss as they both rode out their orgasms. Dean started to pepper Cas’ collarbones with kisses as he pulled out and set the angel down. Cas’ legs refused to hold his weight and he collapsed. He tried to grab Dean to stay upright but ended up just pulling him to the floor alongside him. They both laughed and Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, pulling him against his chest and kissing his forehead.
“Umm, no. But we are here to help.” Sam said. Amanda didn’t say anything, just kept staring at the spot where Cas had disappeared. “We’re going to get your daughter back. Alive. I promise.” Sam reassured her. Her answer was more on a jerk than a nod of her head.
“That wasn’t funny, Dean.” He said, giving Dean his bitch-face. Dean kept laughing until a smell wafted up from the tiny bundle in his arms.
"You're probably right. Though I'm sure you could think of something." Dean told him. "You're smart like that." Castiel smiled. Dean did that all the time, coming out with off-handed compliments that made Castiel feel like he wasn't a piece of shit after all.
Chapter 14: Responsibilities
“Dean?” Cas said, his voice rough with sleep and disuse. Dean turned around and hurried over to the bed.
Grumbling, Dean found a pair of sweats and pulled them on, getting a strange sense of déjà vu as he went to pull the door open. Sure enough, Sam stood there, looking even more scared than he had the previous time Sam had woken them up. Dean was immediately in big-brother mode.
“Fuck!” Dean yelled, his hips coming off the bed as he spilled into the space between them. Castiel jerked him through the aftershocks, still fucking into Dean at a brutal pace. He avoided his prostate now, though, so he didn’t make Dean too sensitive. Castiel gasped and threw his head back his hips stuttering in their pace as he came inside of Dean. The hunter rolled his hips, helping Castiel work his way through the aftershocks.
“Well, hello, Dean. Sam, Gabriel, so nice to see you again.” She paused as her eyes roamed hungrily over Cas. The angel didn’t seem to notice, but the look she was giving him made Dean want to punch her in the face. “Castiel, you look well.” She glanced at Dean and saw his look a second before he was able to rearrange his features.
thinner than usual (which, until this point, Dean would have said was impossible.) Dean stood up, unable to sit for any longer, and started to pace. Both Sam and Gabriel shot him warning glances but he ignored them, clutching tiny Cas tight to his chest. Did he really trust her to bring him back? What if she did something worse to him? The worried eyes of his two companions showed that he wasn’t alone in not trusting the spell Casmiria was putting together.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas deadpanned. Apparently, he didn’t understand the innuendo. Unfortunately, Gabriel did.
“We didn’t have time for it Dean.” Cas said. Dean laughed and laid the man on the street.
“Are you sure you even want the old Cassie back?” Gabriel asked, as he was throwing Sam a shake-up salad. Dean rolled his eyes.
“How long will this take?” Gabriel asked, speaking for the first time. Andrew redirected his attention to the archangel.
Most of the time.
“Shh, Cas, it’s alright. I’m here.” The little angel stopped and gazed up at Dean before burrowing into his shirt. Dean just smiled and held the angel. Although, he would never
“’Night, Sammy.” Dean said. Andrew didn’t say anything, just lifted his hand without looking up from his books.
“Sit down, I’ll tell you the story.” He gestured to the couches and sat back down in his original position. Dean, Sam and the rest of them cautiously sat down.  “I was part of her coven. White Thorn or whatever. Anyway, after I joined up she kept coming around me all the time and complementing me and all that. I tried to let her know that I wasn’t interested, but she wouldn’t take any of my hints. So one day I just told her ‘Look, you are an amazing woman but I’m not interested in being with you.’” He shrugged. “It didn’t go over to well. She kicked me out of the coven and sent hex bags around everywhere trying to kill me so I moved and warded the hell out of this place so she couldn’t get close to me. Found a way anyway.” He chuckled. “That’s all I ever did to her I swear.”
Dean’s hands tightened on the chair, pleasure shooting up his spine as Jimmy pushed their cocks together. He knew that he was going to come on stage in front of a hundred people, but he didn’t care, not especially when Jimmy whispered ‘Good boy’ into his ear. Well, if he was going to come anyway, he might as well do it as he wanted to. “Turn around.” He gasped, grateful that that the music was hiding his words. “I want to come on your ass.”
They all stormed up onto the front porch and stood there, waiting. Suddenly, Cas’ face contorted.
Dean was getting excited now. Cas could understand them! Which means they could get somewhere with finding out how to change the angel back!
“Why do I have to call him? Why can’t you?” Dean smiled and held Cas out.
that he could feel his dick, hard in the panties, rubbing up against his own. His hands flexed on the sides of the chair, aching to touch but Dean knew that wasn’t allowed. He couldn’t take his eyes off the man’s body as he was thoroughly worked over, his dick now fully hard and confined in his boxers and jeans. Jimmy noticed, leaning forward to whisper in his ear.
“No, definitely not.” Sam said. That would be incredibly wrong considering some of what they had done in the past (once, until Sam had decided that it was too weird) and the nature of their relationship before Gabriel was a baby. And Sam refused to let his mind wonder to what they had done before. He couldn’t think about the archangel that way, not now that he was a baby. Sam heard his name, signaling Dean and Cas’ return. They had a pretty girl with them, who Sam assumed was a store assistant.
Later, Castiel gets a text from Meg asking if he can drive her to her car back at Gabriel’s place. Castiel throws on some fresh clothes and leaves the house to go pick her up.
“I will.” Dean watched Castiel leave before retreating to his own room. He opened up his laptop and got to work. Years of tracking people as a kid and teenager for John made this easy for him. He quickly discovered that Castiel was right about his sister not having social media. He didn’t see anyone who matched the information he had from Castiel.
Dean stared blankly for a moment. “Sam’s in law school now. He graduated with a 4.0 from undergrad. Claire goes to kindergarten at this really fancy private school. She likes it a lot.”
“I know, I don’t look the part right now. I enjoy my job. I have my Etsy store as a side gig. What do you do for work?”
“Quit thinking with your dick. He’s Dean’s little brother, not a threat to your fragile masculinity.”
“Yeah, he just landed. I’m sorry about this, Cas. I’m glad he’s here because it’s been a while but I wish I knew before we planned our date.” Dean sighs and shakes his head.
Sam chuckled. “Well, it needs to be at least 47 points to tie with me.”
Castiel looked up from his project. “Oh, yeah. Insomnia is, unfortunately, my right-hand-man.”
“Cas?” He stepped into the room, only to stop when Luke’s door opened behind him. He turned quickly, expecting Castiel to be there, but he wasn’t. Luke was in his pajamas and leaning against the doorframe.
“Cas?”
Michael moved in front of Dean and held a hand out. “May I?”
Dean could melt from the feeling of being collared. He’d never done it before, and had no idea that he had this much of a kink for it.
Six days after Dean came home from the hospital, his heat was finally over. He woke up that morning and let out a sigh of relief. He heard a buzz and saw Castiel looking at the bedside table.
“I know. You know what helped me the most?”
Dean was still fuming, but he wasn’t about to let this throw him off. He took a deep breath. It would be fine. He’d explain everything to Castiel once his heat was over. At worst, Michael and some people in court would know Castiel’s secret. It would suck, but they could get through it together.
“Okay, what is it?”
“Yeah, I’d like that.” He pauses. “Are we going to do this again?”
Castiel’s heat scent was different. Dean already found his normal scent very calming and nice, but his heat scent was that times one thousand, plus the added cedarwood scent. It was different, sharp, and what exactly made it that way perplexed him. He didn’t have an answer or even a guess as to why it was there, but hey, he wasn’t complaining.
Dean followed Castiel into their house and immediately started stripping down to his lingerie again. “What are your plans?” He stepped out of his sweatpants and tossed his sweatshirt aside, then Castiel was on him, pushing him against the wall.
For the rest of the afternoon, he explores the marketplace and samples food from several different vendors. As the evening approaches, he claims a spot on the field in front of the stage. He’s not right up in front of it, but he’s decently close with a good view.
“Only you.” he breathed, as he watched the angel coat his fingers. Dean spread his legs in eager anticipation as Castiel’s hand descended towards his hole. Castiel chuckled.
“I was tracking Casmiria.” he mumbled. Dean leaned forward, putting his elbow on the table.
“What am I, chopped liver?”
“His vessel is human, though. Maybe she turned the vessel into a baby and Cas is trapped?” Sam asked and turned to look at Gabriel.
“Mr. Singer was my father, boy, you call me Bobby.” He interrupted.
“Cas…please, I need…” Dean breathed, unsure of what exactly he was asking for. As it turned out, the angel knew what Dean needed even when the hunter didn’t. He reached between them and wrapped his hand around Dean’s neglected cock, jerking him in time with each of his thrusts. Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the dual sensation – he didn’t know whether he wanted to thrust up into Cas’ hand or backwards onto his cock. He ran his hands along Castiel’s back, digging his nails in when the thought he couldn’t possibly stand the pleasure anymore.
“Does that mean you find me being myself funny, Dean?” Cas looked so worried Dean couldn’t help but to kiss him.
“Mommy!” She cried, struggling against the girl holding her. Casmiria nodded at the girl and she released Katie, who immediately ran to Amanda. The woman bent down and gathered the little girl in her arms, tears running down her face.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas whispered against his lips. “I missed you.” Dean chuckled.
“Yeah, Cas, for now! What happens when someone better comes along, huh? Where am I gonna be!?” Dean yelled and turned away from Cas, throwing up his arms in disgust. “I don’t want to lose you, Cas. I
“Gabe…” he said, putting a hand on his shoulder. Gabriel looked up at him.
Sure enough, not even three minutes later, Dean was begging Castiel for more as he rolled Dean's balls in his hand. He knew the easiest ways to make Dean come apart.
“Okay, enough! Are we doing this or not?” he asked. He was still red, and Dean couldn’t help but smile.
Dean shook his head to clear it. “I am! I just..."
They’ve had this conversation before.
Cas watched him as he got dressed, seemingly content to stay in bed all day. Finally, Dean couldn’t stand it anymore.
“Cas.” Dean said, a little breathlessly. “Personal Space.” Comprehension dawned in the angel’s eyes and he took a step backwards.
like this. He did not like this
“I love you, too.”
“Word vomit?” Cas offered helpfully. Dean stared at him for a second before he laughed.
“He’s hidden himself from me. I am a very skilled witch, but even I can’t overcome his spell. I am not allowed within 3 miles of that address.” Dean nodded.
“It’s not anything important, I just hadn’t realized it until now and it caught me off guard.” He said, looking at his shoes.
The kisses were long and sweet, leaving a simmering heat that was slowly building in Dean’s belly. He ran his up Castiel’s back, his hands sliding under the angel’s shirt to get to the skin. Cas arched into the touch like a cat and kissed Dean harder. Dean quickly moved his hands to start working at the buttons on the front of Castiel’s shirt, eager to get the angel undressed. Castiel slid his hands under Dean’s t-shirt, hiking it up and breaking their kiss to pull it off. As soon as the offending garment was out of the way, Castiel’s lips were on his again.
names. Where were all the Candy’s and the Crystal’s?)
To: Castiel
Dean ignored him and went to sit beside his brother. Castiel took the last remaining seat at the table, beside Amanda. Dean watched as his angel turned to her.
Dean slowly turned back to Casmiria, who smiled.
Sam finally bottoms out, panting in an effort to not just start thrusting with wild abandon. He pulled out and pushed back in, gradually increasing his pace and reducing Gabriel to a whimpering mess of arousal and pleasure. Sam pushed Gabriel’s knees up to his chest and changed angles so he would hit Gabriel’s prostate on every other thrust. The archangel’s brain reverted back to the old loop of
Not that it would hurt him anyway, but Sam always insisted that this was necessary. Sam twists his fingers and brushes Gabriel’s prostate, and that effectively stops all thoughts other than
“Two? I’m not sure. All toddlers kinda look the same to me.”
“Someone else is missing?” Dean says, still watching Cas as the angel pulls a pair of Dean’s sweatpants from his bag and pulls them on before joining Dean at the door, placing a feather-light hand on Dean’s waist. “Who? When?” Sam swallowed.
Eventually, Dean did drag himself out of bed. The first thing he did was find some clothes to put on, mainly because of the way Cas was still staring at him made him want to do all sorts of things, none of which involved anything to do with witches or mysterious cabins in the woods or apologizing, all of which he needed to get done. So clothes were necessary, even if they didn’t exactly block the images, they did provide another layer that must be gotten through. Not to mention he had to go apologize, and he didn’t want to smell like sex when he did that.
“Dean you are a grown man, and It won’t take but a few minutes out of this trip for you to stop and use the bathroom. I refuse to hold a bottle for you to pee in while you’re driving. Not only is that incredibly unsafe, it’s also unsanitary.”
“Yeah, that’s right. This hunk of a man is all mine.” He said, squeezing him once. Sam blushed and looked down, avoiding the woman’s eyes. The elevator
“I don’t think Gabriel is going to need as much as Cas did, but yeah, we are definitely going to need some supplies.”
This of course, was bull. Dean wasn’t sexually attracted to an infant Castiel, and he certainly had never had
“And I don’t find nakedness to be scarring at all.” Cas chimed in. “It’s a natural part of being human.”
“Need…more…you…please.” he mumbled. Dean pressed against his prostate again and Cas cried out. “Dean, please!”
Dean blinked twice as he looked at Cas. He had just said I love you.
Comments and Kudos are like air :)
Dean swallowed. Of course it was. Of-freaking-course it was the same woman. She had probably been keeping an eye on Cas since she’d changed him. She had known who they were the entire time. Instinctively, Dean held Cas tighter against his chest. This did not go unnoticed by Casmiria. She seemed to find the gesture…amusing. Well, at least she smiled.
“Take him and put him to sleep. When he wakes up, he’ll be back to normal. The side-effects should only last a few days.” Dean glanced up.
“Goodnight, Dean.” The last thing Dean remembered before sleep claimed him was Castiel kissing his head again.
“Good morning to you, as well.” he said. Dean gave him a lazy smile.
“Stop that.” Castiel looked down in surprise. Dean’s face was still squished against his chest but it had clearly been him who spoke. The man in question squeezed him gently and squinted up at him. “You’re thinking self-deprecating thoughts. I can tell. So stop.” he said. Castiel smiled and leaned down to kiss him.
“Fuck!” Dean yelled, his hands finding Cas’ unruly hair and his hips canting up of their own accord. Cas’ eyes found Dean again and he couldn’t tear his eyes away as the angel sank down slowly, until his nose was brushing at Dean’s pubic hair. Then Cas started to hum and honest-to-God suck Dean down as he slowly pulled back up. Dean whimpered and threw his head back, not being able to maintain the eye contact anymore as Cas worked him over. Cas did something with his tongue that made Dean see stars and he gasped, unable to form any coherent words.
“You’re trying to
“There are a lot of variables. I mean, what if she takes us down before Andrew can complete his ritual?”
A little bit of fluffy, plotty stuff.
“I found the symbol. It’s from a coven in Wisconsin. They call themselves ‘White Thorn.’ And they supposedly have a knack for age spells.” Sam said. Gabriel raised his eyebrows.
“We’ll just have to go and figure it out for ourselves then, won’t we?” he turned around to look at Cas. “You up for a ride, Cas?” he asked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively.
and so
“Let me.” Dean took his own towel and started to dry his boyfriend’s raven hair, stopping when he was finished and kissing him gently. The enthusiasm in which Cas responded surprised Dean. He must have been more turned on than Dean had anticipated. But that was great, actually.  Dean pulled back and started to wipe down the rest of Cas’ body, starting at his shoulders and working his way down. When he got to his boyfriend’s flat stomach, he dropped to his knees before starting to towel off Cas’ thighs. He took care to get every drop of water off of the other man’s legs. Cas was panting and thrusting every time the towel passed over his hardened member. Finally, Dean threw the towel to the side and looked up at his boyfriend from his knees. The other man looked down at him with hooded eyes. He grabbed Dean’s shoulders and tried to pull him up but Dean stopped him.
“Alright then, pack this son of a bitch up and lets go.” He said. Andrew scooted further away from Dean and held his hands up defensively.
First, he insisted on walking by himself. Then he wanted Sam to carry him. Then he wanted to ride in the cart. Sam didn’t know whether Gabriel was doing it on purpose or if being a toddler was actually affecting him.
Dean thought
“Did I interrupt something?” he asked, gesturing to Dean’s towel. Dean shook his head.
“Alright, my friends! All the lovely women you just saw are available for lap dances directly following his announcement. My suggestion is to go on and pay up, because man, these girls go fast, if you know what I mean. All you have to do is pay the man at the door…” he pointed “and then you can come back for the rest of the show or you can go to the bar and enjoy a few drinks while you wait for your turn.” He grinned. “Because next up, ladies and gents, we have our very own gentlemen of the evening. So, all you beautiful women and men out there that have been waiting to see a grown man strut around in tiny underwear, boy have you come to the right place!” The cheers were more high-pitched this time, mostly from the women that still sat in a circle around the stage.
It hadn’t been a good day.
“Uh, I kinda can’t because he’s a freakin’ baby!” Casmiria’s smile froze on her face. She frowned and stood slowly. All three of the men in the room shrank back as the air surrounding her began to crackle with electricity. Literally. The air around her was actually
It's been a long, harrowing ride, but it's finally over. And there is a sequel, by the way, so our boys will be back. Luckily for everyone involved, I've already finished writing it. I should start posting that in a few days :) It's already on Fanfiction.net if you're not in to delayed gratification and want to know what's happening now. Thank you to everyone who's commented and left kudos and been generally amazing you are all such wonderful people :)
“I…I still haven’t. At least, I’m not sure if I have or not. I followed her trail here.” He gestured around the room. “And then all those people started disappearing and I got scared that she was
“Jeez, Dean, you’re such a pessimist.” Sam walked past his brother and started to load up his pistol. They were carrying all manners of weapons to the fight in order to keep Casmiria distracted while Andrew performed the ritual. According to him, it would probably take all four of the others to keep her busy. Conveniently, this also meant that no one could be there to watch Andrew and make sure he was doing the right ritual.
“Casmiria…she got to you.” Gabriel jerked back so fast he almost pulled his face out of Sam’s hands. “Don’t worry! You’re okay, I promise.” At this, Gabriel relaxed slightly but fear and confusion was still on his face.
Not to mention, he really wants to know whether it’s Casmiria or not. So yes, he’s in a little bit of a hurry. Sue him.
Dean was fighting a losing battle. The struggle to breathe was exhausting his lungs and throat, and he could barely keep his eyes open to glare at the witch. Of course, Cas slapping at his face wasn’t really doing anything but drawing his concentration off of the witch in front of him. In one last attempt of bravado, Dean closed his mouth and set up straight, staring Casmiria down as he felt his consciousness slipping away. Suddenly, it was all over. Air refilled his lungs and his oxygen-deprived body started to greedily sucking in the newfound air. Casmiria was still standing up, but there were no more sparks and she was smiling slightly.
“Goodness, between that guy and you, Samsquatch, I’m surprised I was able to fly.” Gabriel teased, wiggling his eyebrows at Sam, who rolled his eyes. Castiel looked confused.
“What am I doing wrong?” he asked. Dean stood up abruptly, ripping his hands out of Cas’ and stalking across the room. That made the second time in less than a minute Dean had pulled away from Cas. Knowing that Dean didn’t want Cas to touch him made Cas feel sick inside.
Amanda noticed their silence. “You don’t really think it was a witch, do you?” she asked sarcastically. Dean and Cas both shook their heads.
“Dean.” The archangel said. For two seconds Dean considered hitting him. The next two seconds Dean contemplated ignoring him. Instead of doing either of those things, Dean decided to hear him out. Gabriel shifted around, clearly uncomfortable. Seriously, it was almost worth it just to watch him squirm. Gabriel cleared his throat. “I’m sorry. I should have never said those things to you. I didn’t think before I spoke. I apologize.” The sincerity behind his words was unmistakable. Dean nodded.
. Cas’ hands found their way to Dean’s hair as Dean kissed and licked his way steadily lower. Dean sank to his knees and undid the angel’s pants, pulling them down, along with the boxers in one swift motion. Dean looked up at Cas, locking eyes with him as he leaned forward and tentatively licked the leaking tip of Cas’ member. Cas threw his head back and moaned, using his grip on Dean’s hair to pull the hunter back up and claim his mouth again. As much as Cas enjoyed ‘blowjobs’ it wasn’t what he wanted right now. He wanted Dean, wanted all of him, and he wanted him right here. Cas dropped his hands from Dean’s hair and went to the button of Dean’s jeans, undoing it and letting go, allowing gravity to take care of the rest. Dean grinned up at him and hooked his own fingers into his boxers and let them join his jeans before stepping out and kicking them to the side. Dean tried to pull Cas to the bed but the angel held fast.
Well, fuck her. It was working.
“I do, because I’m not going with you, and I’d love to see you make me.”
“How old do you think he is?” Sam asked after a moment, glancing over at Gabriel and then looking back up. Dean shrugged.
“Only every day.” he whispered. “I love you, Dean.” Dean smiled.
“Come on, let’s go see if we can’t find a library or something. I don’t want to think about what’s going on in there.” Dean started to make his way towards the Impala, trying very hard not to think about what Sam and Gabriel were doing behind closed doors.
“So, ladies, what’s our game plan?” He asked, and both brothers looked at him. Dean cleared his throat.
He went slowly, allowing Gabe to get used to his (considerable) size. Gabriel was often thankful that Sam’s height wasn’t the only thing that was huge. Gabriel could feel every inch of Sam’s dick as he sunk in and he relished it. He relished being so
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, we could always ditch him.” Gabriel winked, and Sam grinned.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s go then, Dean-o. Hopefully little Andy will forgive your dickish tendencies.” Gabriel said, moving away from the driver’s side and bowing sarcastically. Dean muttered something about showing him just how dickish his tendencies could be, but pulled open the door and got in anyway. He had bigger fish to fry than a douchebag archangel/trickster.
“I say we go for it.” Dean spoke up. “They may move and we might not get this chance again.”
“If  we get you to Casmiria, can you cast a circle and do the spell?” Andrew nodded. “I should be able to. I can use her altar and things.” He snorted. “A little ironic, using Casmiria’s altar to bind her. But as long as you can keep her distracted, once I start, she’ll gradually lose power.”
“Nope, just a guess. That’s what I heard.” The archangel was sucking on a lollipop and pulled off of it with a ‘pop’. Dean rolled his eyes and continued to make the bottle.
Along the left side of the cabin, Dean saw that there were several plants, all planted in neat rows. A garden. He was too far away, but he was willing to bet good money that it would contain similar plants as to the garden outside of the house they had first found Casmiria in. A witch’s garden. He turned and signaled for Sam and Gabriel to go around to far side of the house as he worked his way up to the dilapidated front porch.
by the entire thing. Sam looked back at Andrew and spoke.
Chapter 13: Demons
“I had a good reason, of course. Don’t go thinking that I just curse people for fun.” She laughed. It was a pleasant, tinkling laugh that Dean did not think went with her whatsoever. Dean couldn’t think of anything to say, and if he was judging by the way the other two were staring at the witch he was pretty sure they didn’t know what to say either. Finally, after a long stretch of silence, Sam cleared his throat.
“Awesome. My shit is already in the Impala, we can head out.” Dean clapped a hand on his shoulder and then led him out the door, being sure the lock it behind them.
It was delusional, and Castiel knew that. Dean was never going to be his, not really. Not as long as he still wore that gold band on his finger, signifying to the world that he was taken. A signal that apparently didn't mean anything to Castiel. He swallowed hard, pushing those thoughts back. He couldn't let Dean see them on his face, otherwise he'd start asking questions that Castiel didn't want to answer.
“Did Cas make you apologize?” Sam asked. Dean glared at him.
“No, Cas. It’s on backwards. You need to turn it around.” Cas looks confused and Dean takes pity on him and goes to help. “Take it off.” Cas complied, and Dean fixed the shirt. “Okay, put your arms through.” Cas does, and Dean pulled the shirt down and smoothed it into place. “There.”
“Goodnight, Cas.” Dean closed his eyes and a few moments later fell asleep.
I'm already here.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I love you.” he said, and Castiel sighed happily.
“I’ve got you, Dean.” The angel said, and Dean felt a fourth finger work its way inside. Dean groaned and pushed against Cas’ fingers. Shit, if bottoming always felt this good why in the hell had they not tried this before?
“Are you family?” The doctor asked.
“Okay, okay! I’ll answer your questions, just please, don’t hurt me!” Dean moved away from the guy. Sam cleared his throat.
alive this time, because Andrew knew the how to reverse his curse.
It didn’t take long to reach Casmiria’s cabin. They climbed out of their respective cars in silence. Dean held Castiel back for a moment.
"Nah, I got this." Dean said, leaning forward to pull Castiel into a kiss. It tasted like both of them, and if he hadn't just come, Castiel might have been getting hard again.
“While you all were sleeping, I took the liberty to go out and get you some food.” Dean nodded and happily went to look at the food on the table (more burgers, but he wasn’t complaining) he grabbed one and started to eat it with a blissful look on his face.
“Where did he stay last night?” Dean asked. Sam shrugged again.
“Cas, stop, man. You’re freaking out for no reason.” Dean said. “It’s gonna be okay. We’re going to get there in a few hours, go to bed, then get up early to go and pick out the best Christmas tree we can get the best tree. Then we’ll go back to the house, decorate it, and then spend the rest of the night drinking and playing games. Then it’s Christmas Eve, and we’ll spend the day baking cookies and watching movies, then Christmas and we open presents and eat. Simple, painless and easy.” Dean said. Castiel took a breath and nodded.
Dean’s nervous, sure, but he’s had enough. He wasn’t doing anything wrong and he’s got to make Cas see that. He climbed out of the car and shut the door, pushing his way inside.
“Come on, Dean.” Cas said, grinding harder for a moment and then backing off again. The angel brought his hand to grip his dick and looked at Dean as he started stroking himself. “You’re exquisite, and you do deserve this. Believe me. Tell me.” Cas groaned and quickened his hand.
When Casmiria reached out to grab Cas, Dean let her, although all of his instincts were screaming at him not to. She smiled reassuringly at him (what the hell was
Some nights, Castiel was able to convince Dean to stay the night with him, instead of going home to his wife. Those were Castiel's favorite. He could sleep curled up in his lover's arms, the only thing that made Castiel feel anything other than hopeless. It was the only time Castiel slept, really, other than the times when his body collapsed from pure exhaustion. Insomnia wasn't something that was new to Castiel - he'd been suffering from it since he was a teenager.
Without Dean, what did Castiel have? Co-workers? They didn’t talk to him other than to exchange pleasantries. His family wanted nothing to do with him. He didn’t have anything without Dean. So what was the point without him?
“I think we got it. Just some clothes, a potty chair and some food, right?” he asked.
“So what’s this case?” he asked, sitting down at the small table. Sam immediately jumped into action, opening his laptop and clicking on something. He turned the computer around so Dean could see the newspaper article.
“Dean!” Cas cries out when Dean brushes against his prostate. Dean thrusts at the same angle again and feels Cas dig his nails into his shoulders.
“Hey, Charlie, how is my favorite…”
He knows.
“Let’s keep at it for a couple more hours. If they don’t show we can always come back.” Dean said. Cas nodded and turned around, putting his back to Dean’s chest. Dean smiled to himself and ran his hands down Cas’ arms, twining their fingers together on the angel’s stomach. Cas let his head fall back onto Dean’s shoulder and sighed contentedly.
“I’ll admit I got a little carried away. It was frustrating at first, waiting for you two imbeciles to notice. So I’ll admit I…took out my frustrations on a couple of my captives.” She shrugged. “It doesn’t matter now.” She gazed out the window. Dean risked a glance at Sam. Once they made eye contact, Sam nodded. Dean took a deep breath, hiding his smile.
Four hours later, Dean was driving back to their crappy room in the crappy hotel. They had gone immediately from the library to where the first victim, Matthew Khrater, had lived. (After stopping by the hotel so Dean could change, that is.) The only thing awaiting them there was a grieving widow and two teenagers. After determining there wasn’t anything of use to be found, Dean and Cas moved on to the next victim’s house. And then they tried the next one, and then the next, and then the next, and so on, finding nothing except for three more grieving widows, one grieving husband, a score of sad children and one heartbroken dog that was still waiting for his master to come home.
like someone had managed to stick it into a light socket. She glared at Dean.
“You okay?” he asked, and Gabriel nodded.
After all the denial, the longing, the desire, Dean was finally kissing Castiel. It didn’t matter that he was a guy, none of that mattered because he was
Maybe this was a bad idea. Despite them doing this very thing several times when they were drinking, they were sober now and it felt different, being in his childhood bedroom as opposed to their shared apartment. But he couldn’t deny that it felt good. It felt almost…right. At least to Dean. And while he couldn’t exactly ask Castiel, he was willing to bet he wasn’t the only one feeling that way. Like at the end of the day, he was supposed to be her with Castiel. Like yin and yang, always together and always holding a piece of the other.
“Hey, uhh, Sam?” he asked.
“Alright, Sammy, let’s go and give these two some privacy.” Gabriel said before vanishing into thin air. Dean muttered darkly as they disappeared. Gabriel was getting on his nerves bad. Dean turned and went into the bathroom. He turned the water on in the bathtub and adjusted the water, making it lukewarm. The hunter waited until there was about two inches of water in the tub before turning it off. He quickly took the carrot-covered clothes off of the baby and sat him in the water.
“The one you’re going to pay for.” He said, then frowned and added. “If you want to.”
Chapter 13: Asphyxiation
“Free will.” he answered, turning his face so that he met Dean’s lips with his own.
But the angel was smiling. His blue eyes were full of warmth and adoration. He moved his mouth down to cover Dean’s in a long, sweet kiss.
Chapter 18: Stick to the Plan
“Yeah, it crossed our minds.” Dean said sarcastically, before he could stop himself. Andrew stopped grinning and looked at his hands.
“Are you reading my mind again?” he teased, but there was a note of true curiosity in his voice. Cas shook his head.
“Now, I will be more than happy to reverse the spell on your charming angelic friend. But of course, you will have to do a little something for me.”
“Cas, stop! It’s against the law to not have you in one of these and this is the only one we have. You have to sit in it. Don’t worry, I’ll get you out as soon as I can.” Cas finally allowed himself to be strapped into the car seat.
“Wait…you are going to help, aren’t you?” Sam asked, moving along behind him. Andrew looked back at him and smiled sadly.
“Call me Amanda, please.” She took a deep breath. “You aren’t intruding on anything, Agent Fury. It’ll be nice to not be alone for a while.” She walked them into the living room and invited them to sit on the large sectional dominating the space.
“Humanity.” Sam said, nodding in understanding.
“I think that’s a wonderful idea.” Gabriel muttered sleepily. He lifted his head from Sam’s chest and yawned. “I think we’ll have to get another room, though. Mandy’s out.” Sam frowned.
“I guess we are gonna have to go shopping?” he asked, and Dean nodded.
"I'm sorry?" he asked, trying to play dumb in hopes that she'd leave him alone. He wasn't that lucky, but it was worth a shot.
“What do you mean?” Castiel asks, disappointed only for a moment that Dean didn’t continue his kissing. His hands settled easily on Dean’s hips.
This wasn’t where he had intended on spending the day.
Dean wanted to point out that it was completely unfair that he was lying there completely naked and Cas still had his pants on, but the way Cas was looking at him rendered him speechless. The angel always looked at him like he was the most amazing thing he had ever seen, but the sheer amount of reverence in the Cas’ gaze made it hard for Dean to breathe. There wasn’t any way he deserved to be looked at like that.
“Is it you again?” Dean asks.
“Hello?”
“Hey, I know what just happened was really scary, but I promise we’re safe now. I won’t let anything happen to you.” Dean sits up and puts a hand on Castiel’s back.
Zachariah hums. “You don’t remember, but you were one of the best fighters in the garrison. You won wars, dozens of them. If it weren’t for you, Heaven would have lost wars that could have shaped the fate of the universe.”
Dean shook his head. “I’m okay like this.”
Luke rolled his eyes. “Please, I pay attention. You were just ready to accept any deal to protect him. The scent that comes from that room is proof enough. You’re emotionally bonded to one another. My brother is just too much of a prude to notice, which makes you lucky. I could go tell him right now, and Dean would be out of here with nothing. His brother would have to drop out of school, and you’d be trapped here. I’m giving you what you’ve wanted for months.”
Sam came up to Dean and they talked for a while about Sam’s classes and joked a little bit about Dean being married. While they were talking, Michael and Dean ended up briefly separated. When Sam left to go find Bobby, Dean started moving around the room, looking for Castiel.
Dean’s eyes widened in realization. A lot of puzzle pieces clicked together in his mind. “That’s a really shitty reason to throw someone out.” He huffed. “Cas, look, I get the feeling this is something you’re ashamed of. Fuck that. You’re a beautiful, amazing person. I always knew something was different about your scent, and I love it. I think it’s the best scent I’ve ever smelled. I don’t care if you’re a beta, alpha, omega, or anything else. I just want you.”
Castiel paused for a moment. “Honestly, really good. I’ve worked a lot of things out, and I feel like I’m going to be able to do what I love soon.”
Castiel knew Meg would probably be a little upset, but he promises himself that he’ll make it up to her. “I won’t again, I promise.”
Dean checked his phone and slipped it back into his pocket. “Have you been doing alright? How’s life?”
Dean blinked in surprise. “Oh, okay. What’s that like?”
Dean was going to speak, but Michael started first.
Dean gasped and cried out, face falling back into the pillow. Just the idea of what Cas was doing set Dean’s insides on fire. His eyes damn-near rolled back into his head when Castiel added his fingers to the mix. He curled them against Dean’s prostate while tracing his rim and tongue-fucking him. Dean rolled his hips back against Cas’s face, gripping the pillow in two fists.
Dean kept fanning the smoke until the kitchen had mostly cleared. “Oh, wow.” He set the towel down and shifted. He was getting really queasy now. He breathed slowly through his nose and shakily made his way over to the sink. He splashed his face with cold water twice before his body gave in and he vomited. A soothing hand was immediately on his back as he emptied what little content he had in his stomach. When he brought his head up, he was guided to a chair and sat down.
Gabriel nodded. “Yeah, he was okay this morning, as far as I could tell. I dropped off some food and water for him. He has short heats. He should be done by tomorrow evening.”
Castiel closed his textbook. “I’m about done for the night. It’s still only 9pm. I usually have a glass of wine and watch a TV show. You’re welcome to join me.”
Castiel furrows his brows. “What? H-How did you-”
“What are you trying to do?”
Dean smiled at Bobby, happy that he was here. It was a pain to convince the old man to get on a plane, but once they did, everything was just fine.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s hand. “Man...I’m so sorry. I’m really not good with words, so I don’t really know what to say except I’m sorry.”
Gabriel nodded, though he seemed to sense that something was wrong, so he walked into the room further with his hands in his pockets. “Where are you from? I know you flew in from Sioux Falls.”
“I guess we did. But, I didn’t get to say all that I wanted to say and I’ve been thinking about our situation.”
“Call it fate, destiny, whatever you like. All I know is that I think we have very good things ahead of us.” Cas grabs a few tissues off of the nightstand and wipes up the mess on Dean’s stomach before sliding up against his side with his head on Dean’s chest.
“Me too.” Castiel cupped Dean’s face and kissed him again. “I stashed condoms in the bottom drawer of your dresser earlier today.”
“I will. You should still get a paternity test. It would probably guarantee that you get full custody of her in court.”
“I kissed back. It’s not a big deal. You were really drunk, Cas. I’m not upset.”
Dean presses a few kisses to Castiel’s temple, cheek, and nose. He starts moving more into Castiel’s space. “That’s good.”
Castiel watches Dean for a moment before sighing. He rolls his shoulders, sits up straight, and something makes a noise.
Castiel slides out of bed and realizes that his shoes are off. He doesn’t remember taking them off. His curtains are closed and the shoes are carefully placed by his desk. “Hey, thanks for last night. I was pretty messed up and you took good care of me.”
“I don’t, which is why I don’t have a car. In fact, I can’t drive at all. I’m aware that I play into the “gays can’t drive” stereotype, but I honestly don’t need to drive.”
“Okay.”
“I know. But if you have a heat now, it’ll guarantee that it doesn’t happen on our wedding day, or our honeymoon right after. I talked to Castiel before coming up. He said that he would help you if you wanted him to.”
Dean felt a hole in his chest when he returned to the house. He dreaded coming face-to-face with Castiel again. He held Michael’s arm tightly as he was guided into the house. When he walked in, Gabriel and Castiel were right there on the couch.
Dean took the final few steps forwards and hugged Castiel tightly. He wanted to cry himself.
“It’s just...very intimate.”
The voices don’t stop over the coming days. Castiel does his best to ignore them, but within two weeks the voices become more than just whispers. Sometimes Castiel whirls around in his bedroom because he swears he hears someone right behind him. Almost every day, the tinnitus gets so loud that he doubles over. It happens in class one time. Each time, he takes the migraine pills health services recommended. They don’t seem to do anything, since the pain only lasts for a minute at the max.
Dean spread his knees apart a bit and scanned the room again. He spotted someone and grinned, sticking his ass out as much as he could from where he was sitting.
“I’ve never seen one and no hunter I’ve talked to has ever seen one either.” Dean stands up slowly. “Either way, we’re safe now. Let’s go back to bed.”
Michael huffed. “You live in the same house and have the same funds from our parents. What point are you trying to make?”
“Sorry?”
“I’m glad you stayed in school for that time,” Castiel says.
“I was able to contact Anna, and she gave me your number.” He looked over at Dean, who was typing away on his computer. “I’m in Chicago. I live with my husband.”
Dean nodded quickly. “Please.”
Gabriel patted Dean on the shoulder before walking to the kitchen. Dean sat down on the couch next to Claire before hugging her tightly. Gabriel was right, he needed to do this for both of them. He needed to be there for Claire, and to do that he needed to fight for his own wellbeing.
Castiel looked back over his shoulder at Dean, eyes flicking down to his lips and back up to his eyes.
Castiel flushes crimson and chuckles. “Ha, thanks. You’re, um, not so bad yourself.”
“Monogamy.”
“Shut up. Bros can cuddle.”
The next day followed the same pattern as the day prior. It was a little weird for Dean to go without seeing Michael for this long, but he supposed they could make up for it tonight. Dean was still lounging on the couch at 4pm when he heard heavy footsteps. He turned around and saw Castiel gripping the handrail and moving slowly down the stairs. It took a few seconds, but then the scent hit Dean. It was nothing like anything he had ever smelled before. It was definitely Castiel. The honey and lavender was strong and sweet, but the smell of cedarwood was sharp and defined. It took a minute before Dean realized that he should be asking questions.
Gabriel pats Castiel on the shoulder. “Call me when they come for you, okay? You can’t face them alone, you’ll lose.”
Dean shook his head. “If I were human, I’d just have a gun under my pillow. That’s all the protection I’d need.”
Dean reached for Castiel’s hand and held it tightly, watching him with half-open eyes. His head dropped back onto the pillows when Castiel’s fingers started circling his hole. All coherent thought left him after that. As soon as he had Cas’s fingers inside of him, his heat was kicking up to full throttle. With their emotional connection out in the open as well, everything was ten times as sweet. Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from Castiel’s concentrated face. The way he furrowed his brows, the way he stuck his tongue out slightly, and the way he tilted his head was searingly hot and adorable at the same time.
Castiel set his embroidery aside and walked over to Dean, sitting on the arm of the chair. He didn’t say anything or even look at Dean like he was pressuring him to speak. Having that respect and comforting presence made Dean feel like talking.
Castiel smiles, because it’s only the hundredth time he’s gotten that question. “I want to be an English professor, and I want to be an author.”
“You solve them so damn fast, so why does it matter?”
“Dean?”
“I handled this very poorly, and for that I’m sorry.”
Dean grinned. “Maybe you should collar me at the club, that way everyone would know that I belong to you.”
Castiel leads the way to a table and sits down. He picks up the menu from the back of the condiment carrier. “What breakfast foods do you like?”
“Who are you?” The boy asked.
“Um, I think I’ve got it.” Dean swallowed. Jesus, Castiel smelled good. Dean had never been so attracted to another omega in his life. One question did stand out in his mind. “Are you like...a servant around here? Is that what I’m going to have to be?”
“I love you too. Goodnight.”
Dean cheered and clapped Castiel on the back. The rest of the group poured shots of their choice and took them while Dean stood idly by. Castiel took notice and tilted his head.
Even better was that Dean had a first-class ticket. He was curious to see the difference between a first-class seat on a massive airline versus the discount economy seat on a cheaper airline. Walking onto the plane, Dean was eager to sit down in the large seat and hopefully fall asleep before the plane even moved. He found a thin blanket and a tiny pillow in his seat, which felt very luxurious.
Dr. Barnes smiled and nodded, writing something down on her clipboard. “Okay, make sure that your temperature is monitored regularly, and if something’s not working, come back in so we can make sure you’re okay.”
Castiel emerged from the bedroom with Jack to check on the food. “Make sure you eat everything. You’ve mostly eaten candy today.”
“Huh. You’re a big box of surprises, huh?”
Dean refused to look at Castiel, staying tucked in close to Michael.
Castiel wiped his eyes and sighed. He blinked and squinted slightly. “You said you got sick right after the honeymoon. That’s really fast for morning sickness, only a few days?”
Dean smiled and nodded. “Thanks.” He weaved through the crowd until he spotted Sam and Bobby towards the edge.
Castiel excuses himself to his room after dinner, full as a tick. His mother is an excellent cook, so he always eats great with his parents. He closes himself in his room and checks the time, seven thirty. Dean still has a few hours to go. He pulls up his contacts and calls Dean. The phone rings twice before it picks up.
Castiel sighs heavily and drags his hands over his face. “So, why do you have it?”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I wouldn’t want to throw basically a third kid on her. So, when do we leave?”
Meg hugs Castiel and pats him on the back. “I missed you too.” She pulls back. “Now hurry up and start drinking so I’m not the only drunk person here.”
“I never hear my neighbors. They’re not going to hear you. I want to hear you. In here, you’re safe. No one is going to judge you.” To drive home the point, he suddenly pinches Dean’s nipple harder.
Castiel leans against Dean. “I love you too.”
“Really? Huh, I’ve heard they usually don’t give out those heavy suppressants until you’re at least eighteen.”
“It’s my little brother. He flew down here to surprise me. I had no idea he was coming. Apparently he saved up money at his job at the local burger joint to buy a plane ticket.” Dean cups Castiel’s face and kisses him quickly. “And he can’t know about us. Not yet. It’s too soon.”
Castiel stands up and leaves his backpack on the floor. He wipes the tears from his eyes and lets out a shaky breath.
Jimmy smiled softly. “That sounds like him. He was always the caretaker sibling. It’s in his genes. Despite being identical, we’re opposites in a lot of other ways. I was a pretty selfish kid, and I was a troublemaker. My room was a mess while his room was pristine. I wish we had stayed together after what our parents did. Maybe neither one of us would have gotten into so much trouble. Then again, Cas never would have met you, and that would be a damn shame.”
Dean nodded. “I can.”
“Because I don’t want half my feathers to fall out, and then we can’t fly at all. Come on.’
Cas shakes his head. “No, that’s not really what that means at all.”
Dean watched them as they left the room and questioned whether or not he should start cooking. It wouldn’t take him long to make breakfast, and he didn’t want Cas’s food to be cold. After a few seconds, he gave in and started cooking.
Sam points at Castiel’s bedroom. “You have a rainbow flag in your room.”
“My husband. He brings in other people. He makes them get tested and he gets tested regularly too, but he uses protection just to be safe, and to prevent pregnancies.”
Dean glances at the paper before meeting Cas’s eyes. He wasn’t planning on staying for the concert, but now, he really wants to spend time with this guy. “Okay, yeah. I’ll text you.”
Castiel watched Dean with a smile. “I never thought we would have this, even if only for a little while.”
Dean looked at Gabriel and found sincerity in his eyes. “My little brother got into Stanford. He wants to go, and I can’t afford it. I knew about arranged marriages and that you get paid, and I had to try everything.”
Dean nodded and gently ran his hand over Castiel’s thigh, his thumb tracing every inch of skin he could reach. He sat up and knelt between Castiel’s legs. Looking at the other man spread out in front of him threatened to get another wave of heat started, but it stayed at bay for now.
“Jesus. That’s awful. Is Claire alright?”
“What’s that?”
“Is he an assassin or something? Like a mercenary?”
“Guess so. Cas seems to know more about this than me, but I think he’ll need help with interviews and some other investigative stuff.”
Castiel sighed. “We should bring this back. Both for evidence and to show Jack. I don’t know if he’d remember her, but he should still see this, nonetheless.”
Dean’s head shot up when he heard a loud thud against the ceiling. He turned his head and saw Castiel sitting shirtless on the bed, two massive, black wings spread out behind him. “Dude, why am I able to see those?”
“Okay.”
“It’s a nice room. Sam’s staying in here when he comes for the wedding, right?”
Castiel chuckles softly. “I will, love, don’t worry about it. Planes are perfectly safe.”
“How about you let me decide that? Besides, it’s my price. You want to go home and have crazy sex with Cas? Give me Jo’s number, and I’ll do your paperwork and you can go home and make your boyfriend scream all night.” She waggled her eyebrows. Dean groaned dramatically.
As Dean washed the shampoo out of his hair his mind drifted back to the case. To be honest, he was stumped. His father’s journal had been virtually no help. After that, his first instinct had been to call Bobby but seeing as Bobby was dead, that was impossible. Oh well, they would just have to figure it out themselves. Dean shut the water off and climbed out of the shower, grabbing a towel and wrapping it around his waist before opening the door and walking out of the bathroom.
“Hannah said you woke up. How are you feeling?” Castiel looked around the room and the was surprised that the woman was nowhere to be found.
“Cas, I…” he said, but shut up at Cas expression. The angel looked at the girl with narrowed eyes.
“Do you know what did this to you, Cas?” Dean asked quickly. The tiny angel nodded his head. Dean smiled, happy to finally be getting somewhere.
The response was immediate.
With everyone else gone, it had just been him and Cas. Who was absolutely fine despite having his grace turned on him (again) by that witch. Dean was so relieved that he had just wanted to take Castiel to the hotel and show him just how much he appreciated him not dying. Cas had insisted on everyone going out to celebrate, however, and so Dean had agreed. They had all night, after all.
“Casmiria’s making hostage demands.” Dean said, moving towards the man. He brushed his arm down Cas’ shoulder just once, in thanks. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cas smile and knew that Cas had understood. Andrew’s easy smile hardens into a new expression.
“Cas, I…” he started.
“Thank you. It would have been easier on you to betray us.” He said. Andrew just smiled as he took Dean’s hand.
“Fine, but one condition. Change Cas back first.” Dean said. “We may need him, if this guy is as good as you say he is.” Casmiria looked questioningly at Dean. “I mean, I know you can find us no matter where we are. We will hold up our end of the bargain, but I want you to change Cas back now.” A long silence stretched on, Dean (despite just about being suffocated by her) was staring down Casmiria, looking determined and not at all afraid until finally she nodded.
By the time Castiel bent down to pick up his phone, he had managed to get himself under control. It wasn't broken (thank God for strong cases) but when he stood up, he remembered Dean's jacket. He should leave it there, gather it in the morning, but Castiel was weak. He picked it up and returned to his bedroom, plugging his phone into the charger before curling up in the bed. Castiel knew how pathetic it was, but that didn't stop him from burying his face in Dean's jacket as he closed his eyes.
"You're damn right I will." Dean said. "But you should get some sleep."
“Yes. I knew I needed a way to capture your attention. And, well, killing and/or taking people have been a proven way of doing that in the past.” She gestured to a pile of books in the corner. Upon closer inspection, they turned out to be Supernatural series. Dean groaned inwardly. If they ever got out of this, he was personally going to find every copy of those books and burn them. One by one.
“He’s in a good mood.” Dean commented, as he turned towards Castiel. The angel was already dressed and packing up Dean’s duffle.
“Let me guess. Cas wanted you to come home early and Charlie is doing your paperwork?” Dean ignored the man and went to duck out of the door.
“Yeah, let’s do that.” He leaned back into his chair and felt Cas squeeze his shoulder reassuringly.  Andrew glanced around the room and heaved a sigh.
“Why, it was me, of course.”
“I should’ve killed you when I had the chance.” she hissed, and suddenly Castiel’s body was on fire, he couldn’t move, he couldn’t breathe, the agony was too much, he just wanted it to be over, he needed to die. His grace was turning in on itself, burning him from the inside out. Castiel was dimly aware of a shouted, “No!” and then a thump, he comes to with just enough time to see Dean jamming a hollow needle into Casmiria’s neck and then he’s thrown back, Casmiria’s on her feet again and she’s mad.
“You should really stop talking.” Dean murmured, pressing kissing against the angels neck. Castiel gasped and his breathing started to become erratic.
“I know. Sorry.” he said in a breathless voice. God, he wishes the angel would just hurry up; it’s already been too long and Castiel’s teasing isn’t going to help him last long. Castiel moved so that he was kneeling between Dean’s legs. The man gasped when he felt the angel nuzzle his inner thigh.
Gabriel had been less than accommodating to her casual flirting. In fact, (now that he thought about it) that may have been the reason for him being so annoying. Since he couldn’t do what he normally did to get people off his boyfriend he may have acted out.
“I found it!” Dean quickly finished what he was doing and half-ran into the living room.
“We’re gonna get out of here, guys.” He said. Sam nodded and adjusted a sleeping Gabriel.
“Not possible.” Dean grinned and pulled out of Cas before rolling both of them to the side. He grabbed Cas’ hand and entwined their fingers. Cas smiled and they kissed again.
Chapter 2: Stick and Stones
“Please, Dean.” Cas panted. Dean could see the strain the angel was putting himself through in holding back. Apparently, Dean wasn’t the only one who wasn’t allowed to come until it was said. Dean was starting ache with the need to come, Cas felt so good rocking on his cock like this.
Dean thought.
“You have your magic, I have mine, kiddo.” He said. He turned to wink at Sam, who smiled back. Andrew left to go and change in the bathroom. Dean sighed.
“Well, it’s actually a fairly simple ritual for such a powerful spell. The only thing you need is a length of black cord and generally a picture of the person you are trying to bind. Considering we are binding a powerful witch like Casmiria, I would suggest we do it in person, too.  It’ll be much more effective that way.” He was calming down gradually. “Anyway, first, you have to cast a circle, then focus on the anger and hurt Casmiria is causing to the world.  Then you say, in this case ‘Casmiria, I bind you from hurting others!’ and tie a knot in the cord. It’s standard to do it three times, but if you feel more is necessary, you can do more. Anyway, once you’ve done that you say ‘three times three, I bind you Casmiria’ and then you hide the cord so the knots can’t come undone. Actually, it’s best we burn it, that way they can’t come undone. It’s rather simple, but it’s old magic. That’s why it isn’t recommended for use unless you are desperate. I’d say you guys are desperate.” He grinned.
exhausted. Dean yawned. Damn he really needed to sleep. But Cas was sticking to him like flypaper. Sam looked up, sighed, and held out his arms.
“Dean, I’m sure there have been days that were more…” Dean cut him off with a kiss.
An hour and a half later, Dean was still in the waiting room. He looked up hopefully every time the doors opened, but no one came for him. He wished they’d just tell him something. The not knowing was killing Dean.
“Good morning, Dean.” Castiel muttered. Dean knew from experience his eyes were still closed. “How did you sleep?” he asked, turning over and facing Dean.
“Good morning.” Dean whispered, kissing behind his ear this time.
“There isn’t anything to talk about, Cas.” Dean said. He looked like he regretted giving up the bottle of beer.
“You-you’re not FBI, are you?” She asked, her eyes locked on the spot where Cas had disappeared.
“Dean!” Sam called from the other room. “You have to let him taste it! Try putting some on your finger!” Dean growled and shook his head. He shifted Cas so he could squeeze some of the liquid onto his finger, then proceeded to put his finger in Cas’ mouth. After that, Cas took the bottle with no complaint.
. That’s like half the battle.”
When Dean's hips started to move in small, aborted almost-thrusts, Castiel stopped moving, looking up at Dean to encourage him to fuck his mouth. The hands that had been loose in his hair tightened as Dean took him up on his offer, pushing up into his mouth with abandon as he chased his release.
“Yeah, Dean isn’t one to just admit that he’s stressed out of his mind.” Gabriel nudged Cas. “He tends to take it out on us rather than to talk about it. ‘I’m fine, Cas!’” Gabriel said in a surprisingly good impression of Dean’s tone.  Cas smiled a little as he nudged Gabriel with his shoulder. Gabriel grins and then sighs.
:( DW
“Cas, we’ve talked about this. Because it’s my brother and your brother and I just don’t like to think about that.” He waved his arm as he climbed into the Impala.
A few minutes passed before either of them spoke. Dean was the first to pipe up.
Over the weekend, both of them are too exhausted from finals week to do much. They spend Saturday and Sunday lounging around and napping.
Dean didn’t care. He was in a bratty mood tonight. “I’m not even doing anything.”
“I can undress myself,” Castiel mumbled.
“I left you behind.”
A third time.
Castiel looks up at the other student. He doesn’t look up far, since the guy is a little short. His golden brown hair falls just below his ears, and he has a friendly look on his face.
Castiel’s thighs trembled with exertion as he lifted himself off of Dean and laid down beside him. Dean tied off the condom and threw it away, panting softly as he reached for tissues to wipe Castiel’s come off of his stomach.
Castiel nods and looks down. Part of him knows that this isn’t something that will just suddenly go away. It certainly doesn’t feel like that. Maybe he’ll learn to deal with it and it’ll just be his new normal.
Castiel shrugged. “I guess no one really knows. Either way, we’re together.”
Cas frowned. “It’s more complicated than that.”
He planned on sitting downstairs for a while, but paused when he saw Jimmy laying out blankets on the couch.
“I-I’m gonna come again if you keep doing that.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “It was good to meet you, Cas.”
“I’ll get the same thing as you, then. I trust your judgement.”
Castiel led Dean to a mid-sized sedan with a small u-haul attached to the trailer hitch. He opened the back door and placed Jack in his car seat. “I bought a car-seat that should be the right one for Claire.”
Dean swallowed. “Still, that does nothing but help me in the custody hearings. She’s not even his so he won’t get custody.”
Dean nods. “I wanted to drop out, but my dad ordered me to stay in. He said I could be done after high school.” He pauses. “When I was seventeen, there was this one case. It was a ghost possession just outside of Knoxville, Tennessee. A man died in my arms while my dad burned the pocketwatch that was keeping the ghost here. I was trying to stop the bleeding, but I couldn’t save him. It wasn’t the first time I watched someone die, but I knew it had to be the last. I couldn’t take it anymore. I went back to Bobby’s house right before my senior year of high school. Going back to normalcy was hard. I had a hard time making friends because I was scared that they would know about my past. That continued while I was at KU. I didn’t really feel normal until I met you.”
Dean barks out a laugh. “You and me both, Cas.” He continues straight and drums his fingers against the steering wheel. “So, tell me more about yourself. I feel like you haven’t told me anything juicy.”
“Have you ever been knotted?”
Now, Castiel is alone in his room, laying on his bed and staring up at the ceiling. He’s thinking about everything that happened today and wondering how he’s going to keep the secret.
Dean replaces Castiel at the end of the table.
“Well, you just came off suppressants. It’s normal to be irregular after that, and I can imagine your condition makes that worse. If that’s the case, you should go get some sleep, as much as you can get.”
Dean stepped closer and nodded, taking a deep breath. “Okay. It’s just nerve-wracking.”
“I feel like shit. I haven’t had a heat that intense in years.”
“Hey, Cas.”
“Yeah, that would be nice.”
A few hours later, with a lunch break at noon, the bushes are all trimmed and the lawn is looking much nicer. The weeds are gone, and the grass is mowed perfectly. There’s still some work to be done, but the hardest parts are over.
“Okay, thanks.”
Dean had a blank stare, looking around the fancy interior of the car.
“I know it’s a lot to take in. It was overwhelming for Castiel too. He’s adjusted well, but it’s taken a while. He expressed an interest in helping you through your own adjustment.”
The walk to Cas’s apartment is quiet. Dean is surprised with himself for holding Cas’s hand the whole way. Other gay and lesbian couples pass them as they walk, so he doesn’t feel out of place.
The next day, Castiel was quiet, but present. He didn’t talk more than he had to, but he still had small conversations with Dean over breakfast, lunch, and eventually dinner. Gabriel seemed to help him open up a little more. From what Dean could tell, Cas had told Gabriel about contacting his siblings and how poorly it went with Jimmy. Dean was glad Castiel had Gabriel now. As weird as the guy was sometimes, he was caring. He looked after Dean and Castiel like an older brother.
“I woke up, and I was in the woods. I started walking around, and then these people found me. They grabbed me and told me to come with them, so I did. They put me in their car and we drove around several different places. They kept talking about my blood. Then we got to this big house. They locked me up in a room, and the next day, the police took me out of there and put me in the cell.”
Castiel gave a small nod and tried to smile. “We should get some rest while we can.”
“Hello?” The voice was tired, like the person on the other end had just rolled out of bed. It was somewhat similar to Castiel, though slightly higher-pitched.
Dean whimpered. “Please, sir. Fuck me so hard that I feel it for days, I wanna be able to sit down and feel it all the time. I need you to make me yours.”
“Totally. Perfectly platonic bros. I just didn’t want you to be alone.”
Castiel walks out of his bedroom in time to hear the back door jiggling.
Cas meets Dean’s eyes, and his lip quirks up into a barely-there smile. “If no one has ever told you, you are good, Dean. I’m not just talking about what we’re doing now. You are so good. I wonder if I deserve to have this with you.” His words come between panting breaths. “I-I could go on, but it’s getting increasingly difficult to focus.”
Dean laughs softly and winks at Castiel, turning his attention back to the TV.
“Yeah. I’m 100% sure, I wouldn’t be saying it if I wasn’t. Michael doesn’t pay enough attention to notice the two week discrepancy. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.”
Michael gently turned Dean away from the crowd as his father started to walk away. He turned to Dean. “Thank you for handling that, he can be a hassle. Did you need something?”
Dean looks around. “Is it over?”
Dean keeps his eyes downcast. “My mom died. The house burned down too. My dad handed Sammy to me and told me to run. I watched the house burn to the ground. My dad barely got out before the whole thing went up in flames. My mom didn’t make it.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, just me. I’m just getting a glass of water.”
Dean slowed down a little, right to where it felt the best. He tried to slow down his breathing and let his body loosen and relax. It took him a minute, but he managed with Castiel’s presence. He thought about what Castiel said and tried to be patient, to just let his orgasm slowly build. He panted hard, sweat soaking his hair and the room feeling ungodly hot. This wasn’t working. “Please, please...I can’t-”
Dean smiled. “Pride is for a lot of things. You know how we talked about how it’s okay for a couple to be something other than an alpha and omega? It wasn’t always like that. Years ago, people would be mad if they saw Dad and me together, since we’re both omegas. So we have a Pride Parade to celebrate being allowed to be together.”
Dean couldn’t help but laugh softly at hearing Cas use the same language that he used. It sounded funny coming from him. He shifted, his shirt and flannel feeling tighter on his skin. He took his flannel off and set it aside.
“Don’ wanna move…”
Dean nods. “Are we going to go by where you’re from? You said you lived in Atlanta.”
After about two hours, Castiel is done with his work for the day. He packs up his things and looks at Gabriel. “Thanks for sitting with me. I appreciated the company.”
Dean had put Claire’s hair up into two pigtail braids and put glitter in the part of her hair. She was just as excited as Dean was.
With an anxious gait, he makes his way down to where the crowd condenses. The entire street is lined with people. The road is cleared out and blocked in preparation for the parade.
Dean is quiet for a moment. “Maybe you're right. If you are, I didn’t even know that about myself. I guess it makes a lot of sense.”
“Therapy.”
Another strong wave hit when he felt Castiel’s knot fully catch and swell, locking them together. He felt Cas coming inside of him, and the sensation was breathtaking. He couldn’t see straight or think straight anymore. Everything was so wildly intense, and it was finally winding down.
Gabriel came to visit right after the divorce, excited to see Castiel again and to meet Jack for the first time.
“It’s a safe neighborhood. I don’t think anyone saw me bring him inside, so they don’t know that he’s here.”
“Hey, Cas. How’s it going?”
“Whatever you decide, your father and I will support you, okay?”
“What made you think you could lie about something I can so easily disprove? You’re not taken. You’re unmated and unmarried. I don’t see a ring.”
“I know, me too.” Dean gasped softly when Castiel’s fingers slid into him. “Mmm, the return on the magic fingers.”
“Perfect.” Gabriel sighed. “If I had known it was going to be this bad, I would have gotten you out of here before the wedding. I honestly had no idea you were trying to leave, or that Michael was being awful. I’m so sorry.”
Meg tilts her head. “What makes you not ready for a relationship?”
“As if you aren’t too. You’re a cuddle monster.”
“Is that why you’re down here? Because that was happening upstairs?”
“Are you going to let me rest?”
Dean stares at Castiel, lips parted slightly and eyes wide. He’s quiet for a few seconds, comprehending what he’s just heard. Finally, he speaks. “I...I don’t know. I just have this strong feeling that something is going to go wrong. I’ve screwed up before, and the last thing I want is to do that with you.” He walks out from behind the island and leans against the other side of it, hugging his arms around his chest.
Castiel chuckled. “Are you now? How come?”
“Oh, no. I’m Jack’s legal guardian, but I was his godfather first. He’s my son and I’m his dad, but I didn’t have him. It’s a long story.”
Early the next morning, his vitals were being checked again and he was being handed a clipboard to sign discharge papers. Gabriel returned with a set of clean clothes for Dean to wear.
“Then go be bad at it. Trust me, it’s cute. Go be awkward and just be honest about how you feel. That’s all you need.”
“I’m going to Stanford in two weeks. I’m a political science major with a history minor. I want to go to law school.”
There’s a brief pause. “You’re our miracle from Heaven.”
Castiel chimed in. “I won’t be here too much longer.”
Cas tears open the condom wrapper, tosses it into a trashcan, and then rolls the condom over Dean’s cock. He strokes him a few times, his thumb teasing under the head and drawing a moan out from Dean. “I think you’re going to love this.” He shifts forwards until he’s hovering over Dean’s cock. He lines up, then slowly begins sinking down. “Oh, yes…”
Dean quickly wiped his eyes when he heard a gentle knock at his door. He took a deep breath before sitting up. “Come in.”
“I’ve got you.” Dean leaned down and kissed Castiel’s jaw as he stroked his hands through his wings, rolling his hips in time with his hands.
Dean’s eyes widened a bit and he stood up straight. He stared for a moment. “Why me?”
“You were his best friend. Surely you knew he was miserable here. He was only staying to support you until you were married and he knew Michael would take over.”
“I’ll take him home. I’m sure that would be more comfortable.” He looked at Dean with a soft smile.
“Oh, right.” Castiel walked over to the wall and placed his hand on it. He closed his eyes, brows knitted together in concentration. After a few seconds, his eyes opened, blue light shining from them.
The man shrugs the backpack off of his shoulders and pulls a small binder out, holding it out to Dean. “You can look through these definitions and see if anything fits. If all else fails, the rainbow flag is for everyone.”
Luke chuckled. “I’m not messing with you. He’s gone, Dean. I will be too, soon. It’ll just be you, Mikey, and Gabriel. Probably just you and Michael after a while. I know Gabriel was looking at houses closer to the bakery.”
"Yeah, on the chair in your living room." Dean told him, prompting Castiel to out of the bed. A piece of Dean was here, and Castiel hadn't known about it? He kicked himself mentally for not realizing. He walked into the living room, something tight in his chest loosening at the sight of it hanging innocently on the back of the chair. He walked forward, touching the soft leather with the hand that wasn't cradling his phone.
Yeah, he was a bad person for thinking like that, but it didn’t change the fact that it was true. Speaking of, Castiel was giving him a strange look. Dean raised his eyebrow, and Castiel jerked his head minutely, indicating that he wanted to talk to Dean outside, alone. Dean gave him a barely there nod and then Cas disappeared, causing a violent reaction around the table.
“Never do that again!” Dean said, a little heatedly.
“I know, Dean. I have faith in you, as well.” he said. Dean couldn’t help but lean forward and kiss Castiel softly.
“Dean, please I need you.” Cas moaned, pushing up against him. Dean started to move faster trying to open Cas up enough so he didn’t hurt him. “Daddy, come on, please, I need you now.” Cas whimpered. Dean swallowed.
“Why didn’t you call the police?” Sam asked, starting to stand. Amanda shook her head violently.
“Dean?” Castiel said, breaking Dean out of his reverie.  He looked up at the angel, tensing immediately at the nervous look in Castiel’s eyes.
“What was that?” he whispered, and Cas wrapped his arms around Dean pulled Dean down on top of him.
Comments and Kudos are love.
“You like that, Dean?” he asked, pulling back and licking his lips as Dean nodded numbly. “Good. I want you to enjoy this.” He stood up, taking off his hat and placing it onto Dean’s head as the grabbed the chaps and pulled them off, tossing him back at Dean, who got a full face of fake leather.
“Fine, we can all go. But Dean, if anything happens to my baby brother…” Gabriel threatened.
“A magician never reveals his secrets.” Sam rolled his eyes but he couldn’t stop smiling.
the angel even did. Dean heaved a sigh and settled back against the pillows. The hunter must have been far more tired than he realized because before he knew it, he had fallen asleep.
And maybe Dean was still feeling a little guilty about losing it earlier this week. Whatever. It didn’t matter who made the bombs, so long as they were made. And Dean trusted Andrew to not mess them up.
I'm sorry this took so long! To make it up to you I'm going to post two chapters right now. Thank you so much for your comments and kudos I love you all :)
“So…” Gabe said, causing Sam to look at him. “Should I call you ‘Daddy’?” Gabriel grinned and winked. Sam flushed bright red.
“Put it on the back-burner?” He said. Dean raised his hands in defense.
“Can I see that?” Sam asked. She nodded and held the note out to him. Sam opened it up and quickly read the note. He looked up and caught Dean’s eye before handing the note to him. Dean scanned the note quickly and then looked at Cas.
“Never again.” The angel agreed, and kissed the hunter on the forehead. Dean swallowed nervously. He had something that he needed to tell Cas, and he needed to tell the angel tonight. He took a deep breath to try and calm his nerves.
“What if we were to take out the warding first? You know how those things work – if you change them at all, they become powerless.” Sam said.
“But I do.” Cas said matter-of-factly, and damn it that didn’t send a wave of heat straight to Dean’s dick.
“You’re so eager, Dean.” Castiel said as he hooked his fingers and pressed against Dean’s prostate. Dean moaned loudly, arching his back. “I love seeing you like this. So ready for me. So needy. Do you need me, Dean?” Dean nodded feverishly and let out a deep moan as Castiel pressed a third finger into him. The hunter hissed a little at the burn but Cas hooked his fingers again, causing Dean to quite forget about the stretch and burn caused by the angel’s fingers. “You need me to fuck you, huh? You want my cock in your tight little ass?” Castiel growled as he pushed his fingers into Dean faster. The hunter’s dick was painfully hard and all Dean wanted to do was touch himself but when he tried Castiel batted his hand away.
“Alright, then.” Dean said, clapping his hands together. “Let’s get this show on the road.”
“De!” he managed. Well, it wasn’t
.” Dean hissed. Castiel leaned threateningly over Dean.
“Good morning.” he said, stretching up to kiss him. Castiel didn’t miss Dean wincing at this action.
“No one important. Go back to sleep.” he said. Cas made a noise of agreement and snuggled closer into Dean, causing the hunter to smile. The past few weeks had been some of the best of his life. He and Cas had finally admitted what they had been hiding from each other for the better part of the time they had known each other, and it had all been because Cas was almost killed by a witch, and Dean had finally told the angel how he felt. Castiel had, of course, felt the same way, and the rest was history. So far, Dean had absolutely no complaints about the situation.
“I think I crossed a line.” Gabriel said, deflating slightly. He sat back down in this abandoned chair. Sam didn’t say anything, and Gabriel took that as an affirmative. He may have to apologize to the broken hunter. Gabriel sighed.
Dean couldn’t help it. He laughed. Gabriel joined him after a moment, letting go of Sam so that he could get up. Sam sat up, muttering darkly to himself and rubbing his back. Amanda jumped to her feet, apologizing profusely, and tried to help Sam up. Sam, knowing she couldn’t help him, waved her off and got to his feet, wincing slightly.
Dean stormed down the hallway and angrily punched the button on the elevator. He was seething. The nerve that Gabriel had to say that he didn’t have Cas’ best interest in mind? Cas was quiet. He seemed scared to do anything that would upset Dean anymore, so he quietly snuggled his head into the hunter’s jacket, causing Dean look down. Emotion tightened in the man’s eyes.
And now I'll take my bow. It's finished, but I don't think I'm quite done with this verse yet. We'll have to see. Anything that you think that I should write in this verse? Comment or message me. I'm on my tumblr is ivebeenpossessedbysatan, so...yeah. I hope you enjoyed it.
“Nine.” Sam said. “She was walking home from school and never made it. Her friends are saying she just vanished into thin air. But then again, who’s going to believe a bunch of 9-year-olds?” Sam shook his head. “Still, it’s the first time we’ve had witnesses.”
“She gave me an ultimatum.” Dean said. “If I left, then she told me not to come back.” He smiled. “I called. “I can’t lose you, Cas. Coming this close was bad enough. Regardless of what it takes, I want this. I want us.” He kissed their joined hands. “I’ve been an idiot, but I want you.”
Second post of today :)
"Yes, sorry. I was making sure it was still here." He apologized.
“He’s…an angel. But that’s not important.” Just then, Cas was back, his hand on Andrew’s shoulder. The man looked confused but smiled easily when he saw where he was.
“I’ve missed you, too, Dean.” Dean pulled away and looked down at Castiel. He forgot that he was should be angry with the angel. It didn’t matter anymore. All he knew was that he wanted Cas.
This is it! Thank you so much for reading! (More notes at the bottom)
Chapter 19: Cuddles
Gabriel was pulled out of his doze by an unceremonious knocking at the door. He grumbled and burrowed further under the blankets.  It took him a moment to realize he was alone. He sat up and looked blearily around the room. The bathroom door was shut and he heard water running, so he knew that was in there. Whoever was at the door knocked again, and Gabriel honestly considered just crawling back under the covers and leaving Sam to deal with whoever.
“Are you leaving already?” She asked, reaching out to take the card. Cas gave Dean a look but followed suit.
“Dean? I got breakfast.” Sam called through the door. Dean grumbled and went to open the door, forgetting that he was only wearing a towel. Sam raised an eyebrow.
“Casmiria, I bind thee from hurting others!” Andrew yelled, tying another knot. Finally, the witch seemed to find her voice.
“I, uh…I caught my girlfriend with another guy.” He said. “This morning.” The crowd
When Castiel’s thrusts started to become erratic, Dean knew that the angel was close. So he sped up his rhythm and started to suck on Castiel’s neck again. He absolutely worshipped the sounds that Castiel made and it was almost beyond wonderful. The angel arched suddenly, his head pulling back so that Dean was able to watch his face contort in pleasure as he came all over Dean’s hand. The sight had Dean tumbling over the edge as well, and he came with a shout muffled against Castiel’s shoulder, sinking his teeth into the muscle as he worked them both through their respective orgasms.
“Ladies, gents, you guys are in for a real treat tonight, my friends.” Gabriel said. “Because next up is our very on resident SuperStripper, going by the name Jimmy.” The crowd was deafening, making Gabriel chuckle. “You know, if I wasn’t super confident in the fact that you all came here to see me, I might feel a little left out!” The crowd roared again, making Dean chuckle. “That’s better. Now, seeing as it is a special occasion, Jimmy has asked me to do him a favor.” His eyes swept over the crowd, landing on Dean who couldn’t help but try and swallow the nerves building up in this throat. This was really happening. He was really going to do this. “Ken doll, why don’t you join me up on stage?” He asked, beckoning Dean forward.
“I don’t want to know. But, yeah, me and Cas will go do some research on each of the victims while you two…finish up.” Dean grimaced slightly. “But remember, people may die.” he says, echoing Cas’ words. Gabriel grinned, saluted, and then shut the door. Dean shuddered.
for putting up with her ass for as long as I did.” Now Dean was really confused. Just what the hell was going on here? Andrew seemed to notice the groups’ confusion and sighed.
“Dammit, Sammy, I was slee…” he started, but trailed off when he saw Castiel standing on the other side of the door. “Cas.” he said a little breathlessly. He wasn’t entirely sure how the angel had gotten inside the bunker but at the moment, he really didn’t care. A sudden elation had filled him at the sight of Castiel.
Her name was Lindsey Donovan.
As strange as it was, that sentence put him at ease. Sam was acting like Gabriel was still, well,
“Sam.” He said, and then was gone. Dean cursed under his breath as he turned to look at his little brother.
Dean sighed and decided to give him half of what he wanted right now.
"As I love you, Dean." Castiel said, proud that his voice didn't shake.
“Aww, wook at ‘em, Sammy.” Gabriel whispered. Sam laughed and tried to put the papers he was holding down quietly so as not to wake them. The rustle of paper caused Cas to stir anyway, and that woke Dean up. Dean yawned and stretched, slowly sitting up. The tiny angel fell back asleep almost immediately, and Dean stood up, turning around and gently putting the sleeping angel back down onto the bed. He turned to the other two men and saw their grins.
come, including your little pet, Andrew. You are already aware of what I was able to do to your Gabriel, so please, be quick. I hope to be seeing you again very soon.
"Just take the damn compliment, Cas." Dean said, sounding a little exasperated.
“He’s adorable. Hello, sweetie!” She said. Gabriel buried his face in Sam’s shirt.
“Did you find anything?” Sam asked, apparently slowing down in his frantic eating. Dean shrugged.
“Umm…What was he?” She asked. Dean bit his lip, deliberating. He could always tell her the truth, and it may even help. Most people believed that angels were good, after all. It could give her some comfort.
Sam held the trunk open and Dean threw his bag inside, turning to Cas and kissing him on the cheek.
“So what does this make you?” he asked, waggling his eyebrows and grinning salaciously (something else that looked absolutely disturbing to see on a toddler’s face). Sam smiled briefly and rolled his eyes, his face creasing in worry after a moment. Gabe leaned over and took one of Sam’s hands in both of his. “We’ll fix it, Sammy, don’t worry.” Sam nodded and squeezed Gabe’s hand back.
once everyone was inside. She sniffled, wiping her eyes.
“I don’t think so, Sam. If she wanted him dead she could’ve just killed him.” Sam rolled his eyes.
Don't YOU have some work you should be doing? DW
her! We need him, Dean! Andrew could…” Sam yelled, but Dean cut him off.
When the waitress came back with another whiskey, he questioned her about it. “Oh, Jimmy pulls someone up on stage with him every night.” She said. “Usually the person sitting here.” She winked at him. “You’re in for a treat, sweetie.” She put his whiskey down and then turned to help someone else.
As for the witch, well, she was powerless and last he had heard, hiding alone in the woods of Wisconsin. Her coven had dispersed after He, Sam, Gabriel, and Castiel had bound her powers, turning the witch into a human, with the help of one Andrew Wilson, a former member of her coven that had long nursed a seed of hate for the witch.
“Alright.” Castiel agreed. They looked at each other for a moment and then his face broke into a smile. Dean laughed and hugged him closer.
It turns out that Cas and Gabriel weren’t hard to find. They were both leaning against the Impala. Dean huffed and ignored the pointed look Gabriel gave him. He went to get into the car but the archangel was blocking his way. Dean rolled his eyes.
“Can I help you?” she asked. Dean and Cas flashed their FBI badges.
hotel in Addison Wisconsin. The Happy Nights hotel sat just on the outskirts of the small town. The ‘H’ and the ‘T’ were peeling off – Making the ‘Happy Nights’ hotel ‘Appy Nighs’ and the middle-aged woman behind the counter gave them two rooms with the air of someone who had seen it –as well as everything else – all before.  She hands them the keys and wishes the four of them a pleasant afternoon in a bored voice. Dean immediately expected the worst.
“How old was she?” The angel asked quietly. Sam turned his eyes to Cas.
“It’s too early to go talk to any of the kids. We’ll have to go this afternoon; they’ll all be in school in an hour or so.” Sam nodded and leaned against the door frame.
“Don’t like what?” Sam asked. He was glad Gabriel was at least aware of who he was and what was going on. He was able to communicate what he needed, taking out a large portion of the guesswork out of it.
“I seriously doubt that.” Dean said, standing up. “And who says we are going to fail?” Andrew stood up, facing Dean and spat.
“Don’t worry. He’ll come around. He may not apologize but…” Gabriel kissed his chest. “It’ll be alright.” Sam moved his hand to the back of Gabriel’s head, causing Gabriel to look up.
“Oh no. You two are NOT leaving me alone with him.” He turned towards Sam. “I don’t have any idea how to take care of a baby!” Dean said worriedly. Sam just looked at him.
The drive back the hotel is silent. Dean’s to nervous to say anything and Cas is stewing in the passenger seat, all righteous fury and it would be hot if Dean wasn’t so scared about what this would mean for their relationship.
Dean moved his hands to Castiel’s head and pulled him up, crashing their lips together in a needy kiss. Castiel responded, scooting up so that he was straddling Dean’s waist as they kissed, moving both of his hands to cup Dean’s face as he took control of the kiss, once again changing it into something softer, but no less intense. Dean let go of Castiel’s head and ran his hands down his sides to settle on the angel’s hips as they kissed. Dean ground up, pulling Cas down at the same time. Castiel gasped in Dean’s mouth the moment their clothed erections touched. He spread his legs and settled more fully into Dean, rotating his hips and causing shoots of pleasure to go throughout his body.
“You are living in sin. How can God be in your life?” he hissed, and Castiel furrowed his brow.
“What’d I miss?” he asked with a yawn, then he saw Andrew and Amanda. “Hey, Andy, long time no see.” he greeted, and then his eyes fell on Amanda. “And, well, I don’t think I’ve ever met you before.”
“Don’t forget to burp him, when he’s done.” Sam said. Cas heard the refrigerator door open and close and Sam walked back out of the kitchen. The stuff in the bottle was delicious. But too soon, it was gone, and Dean took the bottle away. Dean shifted Cas onto his shoulder and started to gently pat him on the back.  All of the sudden he burped, and immediately felt a pressure lifted off of him.
As soon as they were back at the motel, Gabriel threw Andrew onto a bed. Literally.  Luckily for him, the guy was still passed out.
“Are you gonna let him go commando, Dean?” Gabriel asked, smiling wickedly. Dean shot a look of hatred at Gabriel before pulling out a pair of boxers. It just so happened he hand never worn these. With good reason. They were satin, bright red, and had little white hearts all over them. (Christmas gift from Sammy, the bitch) He passed all the clothes to Cas without looking at him. Predictably, Cas started to put them on right there.
"I'm always up for more." Castiel said. They held hands until Dean pulled though the drive-thru. It wasn't likely, but someone might know them here. It hurt Dean's soul a little that he didn't even have to pull away from Castiel. The other man just dropped his hand unceremoniously, looking out the window.
“I had to get out of there. I would’ve punched Gabriel.” He chuckled. “That would’ve probably ended up hurting me more than it would have him.” Cas sat there, looking up at Dean. “I hate it that people get hurt around me. I hate that I can’t save everyone. I try so hard to save everyone. A-and I can’t.” Dean’s voice choked with emotion. Cas was at a loss of what to do. He wanted to comfort Dean but he just didn’t know how.  He reached towards the hunters face but couldn’t reach it. The angel burrowed his head into Dean’s chest because he didn’t know what else to do. Surprisingly, Dean moved his hand to Cas’ back and cradled him against his chest. Cas was surprised, but he snuggled back, sensing that Dean needed this. Dean put his head into Cas’ hair. He wasn’t crying, not really. After a minute Dean looked up and so did the little angel.  They sat there in silence for a while, Dean watching the sky fade into black and Cas watching Dean. Dean broke the silence.
“Round two.” he agreed, and rolled over on top of Dean, pressing the hunter into the mattress and sealing their lips together once again.
“Do it, baby. Mess me up.” Castiel said, pulling up once and twisting his hand around the head.
"True. Goodnight, Cas. I wish I could be there." Dean said, and he even sounded like he meant it. Dean was so good at this.
“It’s foolish.” He mumbles, looking away from Dean’s searching eyes. When Dean doesn’t answer, however, Castiel looks back up. He still sitting, still waiting, being patient until Castiel figures out how to correctly word the feeling in his chest. “It’s bothering me. What Mick said.”
“So…basically you did nothing?” Sam asked.
Castiel seemed to be considering his words. “You think that because he is vulnerable right now, I am more inclined to want to protect him?” he asked.
Castiel broke away from Dean with a moan. His blue eyes slipped shut and he started to push forward into Dean’s hand.
Chapter 3: Appy Nighs Hotel
“I look forward to it.” Cas said, a little breathlessly.  Dean was leaning forward to kiss him when the door opened and Gabriel poked his head out.
“Well, that was the most pointless day in the history of pointless days.” he said, leaning his head against the seat.
“Okay, awesome. Let’s go find him.” Dean said, stepping on the gas.
“You’re beautiful.” The words are muffled against the angel’s skin, but unmistakable. He looked down in surprise, but Dean had already moved on, sucking carefully on his stomach, then running his tongue along the wonderful trail leading to where Castiel wants him the most. He reaches down, running one hand through Dean’s hair and causing the hunter to look up curiously.
Granted, he was not intending for her to be carrying a fully-loaded tea tray.
“Andrew Williams. I thought I’d never see you again.” She reached her hand out and slapped him hard across the face.
“How do we fix it?” Dean asked. Gabriel looked up.
anymore. But he was definitely uneasy about this plan. There were just too many variables.
“Easy, angel.” Dean whispered. Cas whimpered but stayed still, letting Dean tease him with his tongue and lips before he took the angel’s cock back into his mouth. He slipped his head down as far down as he could and started to work what he couldn’t fit into his mouth with his hand. Dean could feel Cas’ muscles tensing with effort as he forced himself not to thrust into Dean’s mouth with wild abandon. Dean smiled and pulled back. He rolled off of Cas and lept down from the bed, digging through his bag until his fingers closed around the bottle of lube. He quickly climbed back into the bed.
It felt really good, actually.  Slyly as he could, he turned his torso so that Dean could hold him more absolutely, which he did, much to Cas’ surprise and pleasure. Dean moved his head up slightly closer to Cas’, so close Cas could feel the hunter’s breath on his neck. It made him shiver, sending delicious chills down his back. Cas moved his neck out of range because there was no way he was going to be able to sleep if Dean is breathing down his neck.  Slowly, carefully, he put his arm on Dean’s and entwined their fingers, which Dean also responded to. Feeling simultaneously sleepy, sneaky and accomplished, he closed his eyes in contentment and fell asleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Have I told you recently that I don’t deserve you?” he asked, the words muffled by the angel’s trench coat. Cas tilted his head, smiling.
“How long has he been…” Dean paused, waving his hands over Gabriel’s sleeping form “…like this?” He asked. Sam shrugged.
Dean sighed and threw the note down on the table. It was Wednesday, so that gave them what, one maybe two days to form a plan. Why was she giving them so long? It made Dean as uneasy as anything else in this situation.
"Was that good?" Dean asked, sitting back. Castiel didn't even have to look at him to hear the smile in his voice.
“We’re not all going to fit in the Impala.” Sam said, settling Gabriel on his hip. Dean glanced around, thinking.
“I’m not interested in anyone else, Dean. I only want you.” Dean scoffed and turned towards the angel.
“Yes, mom, right before I got in the shower.” Cas smiled and leaned in close to Dean, inhaling deeply and running his nose up Dean’s neck. The simple action made Dean shiver and he felt blood rushing south.
“You said you loved me.” Castiel murmurs sometime later. He knows that Dean isn’t asleep, the rise and fall of his chest is too irregular for the hunter to have nodded off. It takes a few seconds, but eventually he feels Dean’s hand under his chin, coaxing the angel to look up at him. Castiel meets his eyes, searching for some evidence of the truth in them.
Cas. I love it when you cuss.” Dean said, pushing in slowly. Cas groaned and brought Dean in for a messy kiss that was just
Sam grunted in his sleep and rolled over, pulling Gabriel even closer and burying his face into the archangel’s hair. Gabriel sighed and tried to relax. Maybe he could still catch a few zzz’s before morning and then he wouldn’t have to deal with being a grumpy toddler all day.
“I’m not defending him.” Gabriel said, refusing to rise to the bait. “I’m not saying what he did was right, or anything. It was a dick move to pull and it’s probably gonna come back around and bite him on the ass. I’m explaining
“Cas, c’mon.” he whined, when the angel batted his hands away. Castiel glowered down at him.
Dean angled his head to deepen the kiss. After a minute of this, Dean quickly flipped the two of them over and pinned the angel down. Cas complied, allowing him to be held down even though he and Dean both knew the angel could break Dean’s hold as easily as he would glass. Dean growled started to kiss Cas again.
“Dammit.” Sam cursed and took off after him, avoiding the other strollers that were rolling off the shelves. (How Gabriel had managed to rig this up, Sam didn’t know. He resolved to ask him about it once he caught him.) Sam slid slightly when he turned the corner, and saw Gabriel standing there. The toddler laughed and took off again. Sam lunged and managed to grab him by the shirt and pull him to him. Sam slipped on something and felt himself start to fall. He put one hand on Gabriel’s head and the other on his body, pulling the toddler flush against his chest. Sam turned his body just so that he fell on his back, his right shoulder taking the brunt on the fall. Sam grunted as he made impact. He looked down at Gabriel, who was grinning apologetically.
Castiel hadn’t told him everything, of course, but he’d told him enough. Growing up in an extremely religious household, Christmas had not been about family for Cas. Christmas had been about God, and they had spent the day in worship, often without food, because God would have ‘wanted them to fast’. Fasting was all well and good for an adult, but forcing it on a child was borderline abuse, in Dean’s eyes.
“Cas. How are you feeling, buddy?” He asked, putting a hand on Cas’ forehead.
“Cas. Please.” Dean begged, whining pitifully. The angel pulled back and grinned at Dean.
“Enough with the niceties. Just get on with whatever you brought us here for.” Dean said. Casmiria sighed.
“Jo’s? Really? Why?” Charlie barely glanced up from her computer.
“Why?” Dean asked. Cas tilted his head, as if confused by the question, then rolled his hips twice, causing Dean to groan and throw his head back, before he answered.
“There may be children in there, too. We didn’t find any, but that girl may be one of the victims.”
Feel free to comment if you are so inclined :)
“How so?” Dean had to resist the urge to roll his eyes. As much as he loved Cas, the angel was so clueless sometimes.
“Oh, good, you caught him.” Cas said. Dean glared at him and then offered Sam a hand. Sam took it and stood up, Gabriel still against his chest. He looked at Dean and then busted out laughing. Dean made a bitchface that would rival Sam’s.
and Sam was spared from having to comment. Dean could barely control his laughter as the five of them (Sam, Gabriel, Dean, Cas and the woman) all climbed onto the elevator. She got off on the first floor, and Sam glared at Dean, who busted out laughing.
“Hey, Sammy.”
Castiel was relieved when the work day was finally over. Most of the other workers had already left by the time Castiel clocked out, so both the elevator and the parking deck were deserted by the time he got to them. It was a little spooky, walking to his car alone, but he almost always stayed late. He was used to it.
Dean rubbed at his eyes. He wasn’t crying yet, but his eyes were starting to burn with tears.
“They just handed me to you?”
“We only have singles left.”
Gabriel smiled. “That sounds great, Dean.” He looked at Michael. “See? Not that hard.”
The peace didn’t last very long for Dean. He heard a knock on his front door and took his pan off the heat while he went to answer it. He shouldn’t have been surprised to see Castiel.
“Which would show Castiel as the father.”
Just as he’s thinking about not telling anyone, Meg calls him. He sighs and answers. “Hello?”
Dean sighed. “I know.” He stared at his own hands, definitely done with talking for the evening. “I’m probably gonna take a shower and go to bed.”
Sure enough, that’s exactly what happens. Dean walks out of his room and makes a beeline for the kitchen, waving at Castiel as he passes. “Hey.”
“I’m glad.” Michael hummed. “We’re here.” He opened the car door and held it open for Dean. They were parking in front of a very sleek, black building with a name Dean could only guess was French. The interior was just as luxurious. The tables had simple white tablecloths and red candles in the center. Dean felt small in here and extremely out of his comfort zone.
“That’s wonderful,” The woman to Castiel’s left seemed to be asking about him and Luke, “Are you thinking of having kids anytime soon?”
Dean stares at Castiel for a few seconds without moving. He looks like a predator assessing its prey. Suddenly, he makes a move. He ducks down and grabs Castiel around the middle, throwing him over his shoulder.
“Pretty good. What about you?”
Castiel didn’t meet Dean’s gaze. He swallowed and finished off his food. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“He had the biggest ‘personal funds’ out of all the offers. Also he sounded hot.”
Dean nodded and opened the door. “He’s in the spare bedroom, just back there. I’m making dinner for him now.”
“For what?”
“You just said you spend all day lounging around. Why don’t you go check everything out?” Sam sat up a little more, that curious twinkle in his eyes coming in full force.
“Doesn’t matter. You can still go to therapy. Though, I’ve seen a lot of anxiety in you. I’m sure you’ve noticed that you get nervous more often.”
Sam chuckles. “You two must have opposite classes then.”
Castiel takes his hand off of Dean’s face and looks into his eyes with concern. “Are you okay?”
Dean stretches and yawns. “Dinner and then movies in bed?”
Castiel gasps and grabs Dean’s shoulder for purchase, eyes as wide as can be. “Put me down!”
“Hopefully we don’t have to do that again.” Castiel looked down at the sheets, losing eye contact with Dean.
“Come on.” Michael started leading Dean towards the exit, waving and giving polite farewell wishes to everyone they passed. Dean waved to a few of the faces he remembered being introduced to.
“Come home, Castiel…” The whispers among the ringing are new and terrifying. Castiel hits himself in the temple, trying to make the voices stop. More chime in, begging him to come home or to come back. Instead of a slow drop off, everything suddenly stops. There’s some residual ringing in Castiel’s ears, but the voices have stopped.
Dean’s jaw dropped. “Seriously?!”
“Nice. Maybe I should get a bike. I need the exercise without having a gym membership.”
Dean nods. “Is that just the fancy name for ringing in your ears, or like a chronic thing?”
Castiel leaned against the counter. “Wouldn’t it be nice if you had someone watching over your sleep? Protecting you?”
“No problem. I was just gonna go get some fresh air with Cas. He said there was a place to sit outside-”
Castiel nodded. “I’ve never been able to shake the feeling that we’re meant to be.”
“Love you too. Bye.” Castiel hangs up the phone call and lets out a long sigh. “They knew. The angels literally just handed me to them, told them my name, and told them that I’d return to Heaven one day.”
“Cas, that’s not normal. I’ve been around alphas in rut, had friends who’ve slept with an alpha in rut, and none of them came out looking like that.”
Castiel left Dean’s office to return to his own.
Castiel looks around, seemingly relieved to be back in the bunker. “I’ve been walking for two days. It’s a long story.”
“I’m good!”
Dean hid a frown at that. At least he was being honest about not being able to be there during the day. “Thanks.”
Dean beamed. “That would be amazing. That program was predatory at best and criminal at worst. I was desperate, and it was a last-ditch-effort. I don’t want anyone else to go through what I did.”
Castiel’s eyes widen. “How? Surely you had Waffle House in Kansas, right?”
Dean coughed a few times. “I’m not sick. It’s my suppressants. I usually take them every morning and every night. I’ve skipped two doses now. Last time I ran out I had a really bad reaction like this.”
Castiel nodded and closed his eyes. He relaxed when Dean started brushing his fingers through his hair, gently scratching his scalp. Within minutes, he was asleep.
Dean sipped from the bottle and munched on the crackers, feeling his stomach settle with something easy to digest in there. “Thanks.”
“Hello, hello, is this thing on? Anyways, you all know who I am, so I won’t bother introducing myself. But, I’ll introduce our couple of the hour. My dear older brother, Michael, has always stepped into leadership roles. His sights have always been set on success. I never really saw him as a married man. To be completely honest I never pictured him as anything but hunched over his desk 24/7. Then we bring in a new character: Dean. When he got here, I saw a change in Michael. He came home from work earlier, and now sometimes goes in a little later. He smiles more often, eats more home cooked meals, and takes better care of himself. Dean does that for him, and it’s a beautiful thing. I’m proud of my brother, and of my new brother-in-law. I wish you many happy years together, and thank you, Dean, for giving my brother this much happiness.”
Castiel calls his mother and puts the phone to his ear. It rings twice before it picks up.
Castiel chuckled. “Okay, I’ll grab it.” He got off the bed and walked to the closet, searching through their toy box. He dug out a thick leather collar with a circular metal ring hanging off the front. He brought it back to Dean. “Is this what you pictured?”
“I can imagine so.”
Castiel shrugs. “I’ve been to a few parties and gotten drunk. Not often, though. Blame it on my upbringing. I was warned about drinking before I came here. I didn’t listen much.”
Dean arrives back at the house at five forty-five with armfuls of groceries. Castiel had wondered when he’d go shopping, since he had eaten nothing but take-out all weekend.
“Oh, you’re right.” Dean got out of bed, his chest feeling a little tight with sadness.
When they get home, Castiel has a bad tinnitus episode. Sometimes he wonders if the tinnitus is correlated with migraines, because times like this, the sound is so piercing that it gives him a massive headache. Dean sits beside him and comforts him until it finally ends.
“Yes. I’m not proposing we get one now. It’s a bit soon, but maybe down the line, if you’re interested.”
“There’s always a possibility. It does happen.”
Castiel frowned. “Humans were supposed to be the dominant species on Earth. That will probably never happen again, but we shouldn’t force them into extinction. Humans are amazing. They gave so much to this world.”
Castiel stood up. “Don’t. Come with me. We’ll go to my car right now and I’ll get you out of here.”
“Uh, do you like pasta? I was making some with chicken tonight.”
Jack glanced at Castiel nervously. “I’m sure.”
“Everything’s fine. Luke is taking him home. He shouldn’t have been here. He was supposed to wait for me to get home.” Michael shot a look at Gabriel, who rolled his eyes.
Castiel sits on his bed and smiles. “Hey. How’s the drive going?”
For a few minutes, they both sit there and hold each other. The silence doesn’t feel awkward or tense. It’s a calming blanket that makes both of them feel safe and secure. Once they both start to feel chills from sitting there, still naked, they get up to shower. Dean puts the gun back under his pillow and follows Castiel to the bathroom. They shower together in silence, taking turns bathing one another. It’s incredibly intimate, more so than they thought it would be.
Dean felt Castiel’s bulge against his ass and moved back slightly, brushing against it. Castiel’s hips moved up for more, and Dean gladly obliged. He got into a better position and rubbed his own erection against Castiel’s. It wasn’t great through several layers of fabric, but he was so turned on at this point that anything felt amazing.
After another ten minutes, Castiel walked back inside, hands still darkened from the soil. Dean looked over the back of the couch at him and faked a smile. “Your sister emailed back.”
Dean takes his hand off of his face and looks down at the one that Castiel is holding. He squeezes Castiel’s hand back. “You’d be okay if we went really slow?”
Castiel smiles. “I would.”
“Ah, same old, same old.” Gabriel turned his attention to the kids and held his arms out to Claire. “Hey, lil booger.”
“You’re not in charge of me, Michael. I’m not a child, and you don’t have the right to boss me around. I did the right thing, you’re just too much of a control freak to even see it!”
His outfit is a force to be reckoned with. He’s in a rainbow crop top and cut-off denim shorts. He has on white high-top vans with rainbow laces. He has a backpack on with crocheted flags hanging off of it.
“Hey, hey, I’m okay.” Dean smiled softly to try and reassure Castiel. “Let’s just get inside so we can chat.”
Castiel chuckles. “It is.” He hears the rustling of feathers and turns around to see another angel standing there. He recognizes him immediately.
Dean shoved his phone into his pocket and stormed out of the house, slamming the door behind himself. He got into the impala and peeled out of the driveway, tires screeching as he drove away.
Dean shook his head in disbelief. “He’s asleep in your room, isn’t he? You’re just messing with me.”
“I took one Spanish class. Get in here!” Gabriel steps back to let them in.
A few minutes pass as Castiel reads. He makes it to the end and scans back over it, circling a few things. Then, he hands it back to Dean. “It’s well organized and your sentences are good. You had a few comma errors but nothing big. I doubt your math professor will rip apart your grammar and sentence structure.”
“Thank you.” Cas walks over to the wall and turns on a string of fairy lights that go around the perimeter of the ceiling. He closes the curtains to his windows, which leaves the room ambiently lit. “I know what the implications of bringing someone home are, but I’m not trying to pressure you into anything. We can just sit and talk if that’s what you want. I can get you something to drink.”
Once they were outside, Michael started calling for the limo from his phone. He glanced around and saw Castiel and Luke off to the side. Dean looked over at them as well. They looked…soft. Luke had one arm around Castiel’s waist and was cupping his face in the other. He looked like he was speaking quietly to him, maybe even apologizing?
“Have you felt sick for long?”
Castiel chuckles. “So you’re really into cars?”
“You spoke to him?”
“I can bring them into this plane of existence. I don’t often. I had them out while I was fighting. They had theirs out, so I would have been at a severe disadvantage if I had kept them away.” He looks back over his shoulder at the wings, spreading them a little further. “They got several good hits on me. It’s nothing severe, but my wings are in such a desperate need of grooming from the fight that I can’t fly.”
“Yeah, I’m great. God, that was good, so much better than when I’m by myself.”
Dean spent a little longer in the shower to get really clean and avoid any suspicion with Michael. He knew Michael probably wouldn’t like it if Castiel’s scent was still on him.
“…Castiel? H-how did you get this number, where are you?!”
Dean felt marginally better once he was clean. “Okay, I guess that makes sense. I don’t know a lot about this stuff, and my mind is all fuzzy from the heat.” His words slurred together slightly.
“Thanks, man.” Dean smiled a bit and started making himself a sandwich for dinner. “Do you want to watch a movie tonight?”
Castiel held a straight face, but his heart jumped into his throat. He had been avoiding Michael like the plague ever since he made his deal with Luke. “Okay.”
“You’re welcome. Now go hide it quickly and get back in there.” Castiel smiled softly and returned to Luke’s room.
“Well, for starters, I love cars. When I was in my senior year of highschool and while I was taking my gap year I helped out a family friend at his body shop. I loved working on the cars but I wanted to do more. I’d probably be pretty happy as a mechanic, but I wanted to give college a try. I ended up really liking my classes and what I was studying, so I want to be a mechanical engineer one day now.”
“Hold on, you sleep with other omegas all the time! When have you ever been loyal to me?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
No amount of preparation could have helped Dean in this moment. He wanted this, he wanted Michael to accept him so that this could be permanent. Having that confirmation was such a relief. He visibly relaxed and a smile came to his face. He nodded quickly, unable to think of anything to say.
“Don’t say a word.” He said, brushing past them and making his way to the bathroom. He turned midway there and made a beeline for his bag. The hunter grabbed his toothpaste and brush out of his bag and made his way back to bathroom. Gabriel rolled his eyes.
“You are in a hotel room in Wisconsin. Now, what you are going to do is sit there quietly like a good little boy and answer my questions, otherwise, we are gonna tie you up and deliver you to Casmiria like a Christmas present!” Dean says, getting up into the guy’s face. Andrew balked and scrambled backwards on the bed away from Dean, holding his hands up.
“You want to go fumbling around in the woods after dark when you know there is a witch out there? Not just any witch, but one we know is out to get us? Do you really want to do that, Dean?” Sam yelled
“Ahh, well, don’t worry Cas. We’ll get you changed back soon enough.” Dean said when Cas slumped from not being able to talk. He gently sat the tiny angel in the car seat despite his protests.
Cas was freaking out. Dean was dying. The evil witch was doing something so Dean couldn’t breathe. The tiny angel kept ahold of Dean, making small noises of distress knowing that his hunter was in such danger. He couldn’t concentrate well enough to speak, which was probably a good thing, considering what he was thinking would only make the current situation worse. Cas slapped at Dean’s face, trying to make him stay awake. If the hunter passed out, Cas knew it would all be over. He had to keep him awake.
“Uhh..both, I guess?” Dean pursed his lips.
“How are we going to do that, Dean? We don’t have anything she wants.” Sam reached out towards Gabriel and then seemed to change his mind, his hand falling limply to his side.
“It’s alright, Amanda.” She looked up and gave Cas a look that set Dean on edge. Lonely housewife or not, she had no right to look at his boyfriend like that. Dean stood up.
“You’re everything.” he whispered, before closing his eyes and falling asleep.
“Dean.” he whimpered, struggling with whether he wanted to thrust forward or backward. Dean bit into Cas’ shoulder, and the other man let out a loud groan. “Daddy, please.” Cas whispered and that caused Dean to echo the other man’s moans.
"Of course. I might not be able to think up a convincing lie as to why I have your jacket." Castiel said, making Dean chuckle.
Besides, it wasn’t like having their fingers entwined with Cas’ thumb rubbing circles into the back of his hand was distracting. And having his arms wrapped around the angel and Cas’ head on his shoulder wasn’t either. It just…made the time go by faster.
“Cas…” he starts, and Castiel can’t take it. He can’t take it because he
So, Dean was in the Impala, weaving through traffic and trying to follow the ambulance. It wasn’t long before he lost them in the traffic, but they’d told Dean that which hospital they were taking him to. It took everything he had to not argue with them. Ultimately, though, Castiel getting to the hospital was more important than Dean getting there. He’d just have to suffer a few minutes of not knowing. He could do that for Castiel. He would do that for Castiel.
“Yeah, it’s so. So, if you could, I would appreciate you finding the witch that did it and getting the damn spell reversed.” Dean said, a little sharper than he had intended it to be. She didn’t seem upset by his rudeness-on the contrary, she actually laughed.
spell that we had to reverse.” Gabriel nodded.
“I love you, too, Dean.” he whispered back, nuzzling into Dean’s chest happily. They laid there together, both of them too tired and blissed out to move to the bed.
All the worrying is completely uncalled for. For Christ’s sake, he’s still a freaking archangel, even if he is in a toddler-sized body right now, without powers, and he is still aware of what he’s doing and when he’s doing it. It’s not that big of a deal to let him carry a bottle of the Witch Molotov.
Castiel had teased him later that they’d been curled around each other like the yin/yang symbols, which had lead to a discussion and then a friendly argument about who was which one. Castiel insisted that Dean was the yang. He said everything about Dean was beautiful, and that he had the brightest soul of anyone he’d ever met. Dean had argued that just because Castiel had some horrible things happen to him in his past, that didn’t mean that he was yin. In the end, they’d agreed to disagree on the subject, though Dean was still certain that Castiel wasn’t the dark one between the two of them.
Castiel’s father was one of those television, evangelical preachers that lived in huge mansions paid for with donations to the church and drove six different fancy cars. Growing up, Castiel hadn’t known better. It wasn’t until he was in double digits before the cracks began to show. He began to question the legality of his father’s – and therefore the church’s - actions and had quickly and violently been shown what happened to people who questioned their way of life.
“Mornin’.” Dean hummed and rubbed his eyes.
Cas fully seats himself in Dean’s lap, breathing heavily. “Give me a moment to adjust.” His voice is quiet, almost a whisper.
Meg puts her hands on her hips. “How long?”
“You kind of seemed angry at that one.”
All Dean can do is stare up at Cas and fight the urge to push up into the delicious heat. He takes in slow, deep breaths and takes in Cas’s beauty.
Castiel hugged Dean tightly, fighting back the tears that had been threatening to fall all night. “I love you,” Castiel whispered before pulling back, and quickly walking away. He found Luke again and left the venue, his heart in pieces. His chest felt so heavy that he thought he might fall over, but he held it together.
Dean chuckles and hums. “What time is it?”
They spend the evening glued to each other in front of the TV. They discuss what they want to do for their date and plan it for the upcoming weekend.
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, I guess. It’s pretty lonely in that big house. It was really rough for the first few months, then I had Claire. That made things a little easier. Luke moved out right after you, and Gabriel moved a few weeks after him.”
Dean took a deep breath and nodded. “I’m sorry. I just can’t do pregnancy again. I didn’t know if you’d want another kid down the line or something.”
“Maybe I don’t want your help. Just leave me alone,” Dean snapped.
Dean laughs and pats Castiel on the back.
“What about the money you get as ‘personal funds’?”
“No, it’s okay. If I could contact them I would. Same with my sisters. I don’t even know how I would find a way to contact them. I’ve looked before, they’re not on social media.”
“Okay.”
Castiel hugs Dean a little tighter. “Well, you’re getting over that fear, at least a little. If you weren’t, we wouldn’t be here like this right now.”
“Thank you, Dean.”
Over the weekend, Dean had sent a few emails to the school about Claire moving and needing to change schools. The process was already underway, so all Dean had to do was find a new school for her in St. Louis and get in contact with the people there.
Gabriel looked up when he saw Dean moving and stood up. “Hey, kiddo. How do you feel?”
Castiel joined Dean at the fridge. “You know I can’t cook, but if you need help, let me know what I can do.” He gave Dean a knowing smile, which definitely didn’t make Dean’s heart melt into a puddle in his chest.
“Is that who I saw you walking in with last night?” The guy gestured to Castiel.
Castiel shrugged. “Maybe I am.” He gave a playful smile towards Dean, but when his eyes flicked towards the stairs, the smile disappeared. Dean turned around and saw an omega girl he had never seen before walking down the stairs. She had a smile on her face and the smell of sex surrounded her. Dean watched her walk out the front door and looked back at Cas.
Castiel smiled softly. “I’m not going to lie, that last line wasn’t very platonic. It sounded a little romantic to me.”
Dean found Gabriel and Castiel in the kitchen. They were quiet, but seemed peaceful.
“I’m Dean, by the way.”
Next, he had a big phone call to make: Sam. He took a deep breath before clicking on his contact name. He was pretty sure Sam didn’t have any classes right now.
“Maybe. Google my name and find out.” Dean sips his water with a grin.
Castiel goes to his own room once they’re done eating, telling Dean that he’s tired. He closes his door and rubs a hand over his face. He needs to talk this out with someone, and he only knows one person.
“Nice to meet you, Dean. Sleep well.”
Castiel forced a smile as best as he could. “I’m about to go home. Luke wants to leave. I just wanted to say I’m so happy for you.”
Dean looks at Castiel almost like he pities him. A few seconds pass before Dean speaks. “Dangerous gigs with dangerous people. That’s why we moved around so much, most of it wasn’t legal.”
It took Dean a little longer to fall asleep, but once he did, it was peaceful.
Dean sits down on the couch next to Castiel. “Damn. This is really nice. I’m glad he hosted.”
“That’s what I’m hoping too. Take care.”
“Castiel...Can I call you Cassie?”
Castiel nods and smiles back. “Wanna watch a movie?”
Dean chuckles and kisses Castiel’s forehead. “You’re drunk.”
Dean unlocked the door and pushed it open slowly. He peeked inside and didn’t see Castiel in the living room or kitchen. He closed the door, and then he heard something. Loud sobs were coming from upstairs. The guilt pooled low in Dean’s belly, eating him from the inside out.
Meg stares at Castiel for a few seconds, searching for something in his face. “Alright.” She looks at the time on her phone. “Let’s go get dinner. I’m starving.”
“Well, he can’t do it completely alone. I bring him water and food while Luke isn’t here, and when Luke is here, he’s usually with him.”
Dean met Castiel’s eyes as their first course was being served. The other omega looked concerned, maybe even a little hurt. Dean tried to convey the most apologetic look he could without being too suspicious. Castiel glanced at Michael and back at Dean, raising a brow in question. Dean gave a tiny nod just before a plate was set in front of him. He didn’t recognize anything on it except the slice of bread, which had to be fancy based on the crisp crust and holes throughout the middle.
“And you’re trying to provoke me.”
Castiel stares at his own hands in his lap, pondering their conversation. “So what do I do? He’s not ready and I shouldn’t force him.”
Dean nodded. “Yup.”
“It’s my dream. I love doing it. There are awful customers and occasionally I end up with a not-so-great employee, but I wouldn’t give it up for the world. I love all of my staff and the work we do. The shop has been doing really well, so I gave them all raises recently. I don’t need more than what I get already.”
“And then what? Were you still at the home with him?”
“Gabriel, as in your little brother.”
“She has a lot of your mannerisms. She’s so observant and kind.”
“You’re not gonna jerk off right? You’ll let me help you?” Dean lifted his head out of the pillow.
Dean blinked a few times in surprise. “So I’m not the first?”
“Hi.” Jack averted his eyes nervously. “I thought Castiel was supposed to take me.”
“Why don’t you have a mating bite? It’s been five years. Did you never talk about it?”
Michael placed a hand on Dean’s back. “I’m sorry. I know you must be upset. Come on, let’s go to bed.”
Castiel drives quietly for a minute, then has a thought. “I know it’s not dinner, but we could call this a date. We’re about to be stuck together in the car for at least two hours. Then we’ll have your brother. We can talk like we’re on a date until he gets in.”
“Every Waffle House in the country looks exactly like this.” Castiel nods politely to the waitress when she brings their waters. “I should say, I don’t love this place because the food is divine. It is good, but it’s not fancy by any means. It’s cheap, and perfect when you’re super hungry.”
“Wait, if you want me to trace the call, you should use my phone. It’s synced to my laptop already.” Dean took his phone out of his pocket and handed it to Castiel. He took the laptop back and opened up his software.
Castiel nodded and took Dean’s hand, squeezing it softly. “Thank you.”
“I have to bring them to this plane to be able to groom them.” Castiel turned to look at Dean and glared a bit. “Don’t stare.”
“Of course I was still going to buy you a present, dumbass. Open it.” Meg crosses her arms over her chest and leans her weight onto one leg.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, it does. I guess we just go back to our normal lives.”
“Well if you’re not needed in the kitchen, then I’ll just take you to the bedroom.”
Castiel turns onto the highway and settles in for the drive, enjoying the road before it gets trafficky. “I’m going to have a lot of loans. My parents are paying for my bachelor’s, but I’m planning on going to grad school and getting my PhD. It’s going to be very expensive. I don’t mind, though. I like school and I want to earn the highest degree possible.”
Cas shrugged. “Luke doesn't love it when I go out alone. I try to avoid it. Michael is the same way.”
“Yeah, yeah do that.”
“Jesus, Cas. That’s like a phobia.”
Gabriel snaps his fingers and the storm above them dissipates. The water calms and it’s much quieter now. “This island is hidden. I only bought us a little time. They’ll figure out that we’re here. Also I thought it would be dramatic.”
“I’m just teasing.” Castiel let go of the loop and straddled Dean’s thighs. “I’m going to fuck you so hard, you’ll have no choice but to think about me every time you sit down. How does that sound?”
Castiel looks out into the living room and sees Sam sitting up. “Oh. Hi.”
“Then why me?” The self-doubt fogs Dean’s mind, taking him away from how good all of this feels.
Dean looks at his duffel on the floor. “I’ll defend you if they come, but I don’t think I can hurt them. Gabriel said that nothing in my bag would do anything.”
Once everyone has left, Castiel walks to the front of the classroom and stops at the desk Dr. Adler is sitting at. “Yes?”
Dean chuckled. “I think it’s hot.”
“We have heaters in there for when it gets cold and a cover to put over it when it snows. I have a little wall to put around it if it snows really hard, so the melting snow doesn’t trickle in there. I’d hate for a bunch of pesticides and harsh chemicals to get in there.”
“Uh, yeah. It is. We work together.”
“Yeah, we work together.”
“Almost a year now.” Castiel was calm and composed, and it was obvious he had done this before.
Meg stares at Castiel, her eyes narrowing. “Look me in the eyes.”
Castiel nods quickly. “Definitely. I could use the cuddles before we’re separated.”
After their shower, they dress in comfortable clothes and order in pizza for dinner, too emotionally exhausted to cook. It had been an eventful day.
Cas smiles. “I could say the same about you.” He touches Dean’s arm. “I know today involved taking a lot of hard steps. You’re probably going to feel weird about it for a while. It happens to everyone.”
Castiel laughs. “Yes I did! Zachariah threw you and I jumped in after you. I had wings!”
Dean chuckled a bit. “Well, I guess all we can do is hope that it goes well.”
Gabriel puts on music that blasts through a set of speakers in front of his TV. There’s not much dancing happening, but everyone is drinking, snacking, and laughing amongst themselves.
Dean shook his head. “Like you said, you were being blackmailed.”
Castiel sat on the arm of the couch and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “About what?”
“Seventeen. He’ll be eighteen in May. He’s a junior in high school.”
Dean nodded. “So it’s just a dinner? We sit down and eat?”
“I got out. I’ve been trying for months. I was trapped, but then Cas found me. He got me out. I’m in St. Louis at his house. Don’t worry, we’re going to keep paying for your school, I’ll figure something out-”
“It’s good. We had today off so that’s why I picked this weekend, so I wouldn’t miss any school. AP Statistics is kicking my ass.”
Castiel feels an even deeper connection to Dean now. Hearing the story of his childhood makes him feel heavier inside, knowing all the pain Dean must have been through. It makes him feel incredibly privileged to have grown up so protected. The gratefulness he feels for his parents grows exponentially. It could have been so much worse.
“I didn’t really believe in them until I met you.”
“Of course.”
“Do you dance?” Cas asks. His foot is tapping along to the beat of the music.
“You’re red.” Castiel tilts his head. “Did you put on sunscreen?”
What’s most surprising to Castiel is how easy all of this is. He always thought that it would be hard to be intimate with someone, but with Dean, it’s easy. He’s easy to talk to and Castiel knows the kind of intimate touches he likes. The day after they decided to try this, Castiel discovered that Dean would just melt when kissed on the neck. It was really cute to watch his face relax and his body scrunch up a little.
“Not at the same company, but we’re both accountants.”
Once Claire was awake, he got her to help unpack some of the boxes of her toys. She actually helped by just pulling everything out and showing Dean, who would smile and put the toy on one of the shelves.
“I guess I didn’t. Oh well, I’ll be fine.”
As he looks around, he wonders what people think of him. He’s by himself here. His outfit is just a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and some old jeans. He isn’t dressed as festively as everyone else. He probably looks like someone’s straight friend that got lost.
Dean loved going to the club with Castiel. There was music, people, and fun things to do. They were usually viewers rather than performers. They had talked about doing a public scene soon, but not yet. Castiel seemed to have some hang ups about it, which Dean respected.
Castiel nods and starts gathering his things. “Yeah, British Literature. I like this class a lot. It’s my last one of the day and then I can go home.” He swings his bag over his shoulder. “Good luck with your studying. See you later.”
