-.-.-
“Dean, are you an angel? Sometimes I think you were sent to me by God himself.” Her face is tear-tracked and her voice wobbles like she’s trying to hold back another crying spell.
His mouth goes uncomfortably dry. Right there in front of him is a slightly distorted version of Mary – short hair and green eyes and a slight slouch, but Mary-esque enough to be real. Dean is almost afraid he’s really seeing her spirit, trapped in the mirror after he foolishly uncovered it.
“No. No. You can’t just fuckin’ waltz in here and
about his gig in the next city over. It isn’t Dean’s fault that his deadbeat father fucked off and left them with no money and no hope. It isn’t Dean’s fault that Sammy wanted to get out of the dust and make something of himself. It isn’t Dean’s fault, but it’s his responsibility, so he softens his edges, purses his lips, and bats his eyelashes at scoundrels, thieves, and worse just to scrape together a Yale tuition.
“Cas, wait,” Dean reaches out to touch him, but Cas steps away.
-.-.-
-.-.-
“You know my hours; I’m off the clock. Now get going before Zachariah catches you off your leash,” Dean yells up to his own porch.
day of firsts. He’s sweating, he’s shivering. He feels like he’s going to vomit. He doesn’t feel anything at all.
The buzzing in his head gets louder, and he doubles down on drinking to drowning it out. It only gets louder, spreading from his brain to just under his skin, fizzing like pop-rocks and excess energy. He needs to get it out, needs to move and lash out or
“Oh, that’s only for the first hundred or so we make – a promotional collector’s edition, if you will,” Kevin clarifies. Dean had no idea his engineer was such a sales expert. Perhaps if he ever grew tired of working, he could offer Kevin his position.
Cas tightens his grip, starts making calming noises. Again with the skittish animal act, again with the coaxing a wolf to eat from his hand like a housecat. It has the opposite effect. Dean thrashes, scratches, considers biting – anything to get out. Cas moves his hand from Dean’s hair to his eyes, and his world goes dark. With sight gone, the universe narrows down to his other senses – the steady rise and fall of Cas’s chest, the beat of his heart against Dean’s back; the smell and sound of the nighttime desert air coming in through the windows. Breath by breath, he calms, until he’s nearly boneless in Cas’s arms.
Dean hums, turning around to wrap Cas up in a full embrace, kissing the top of his head. It feels like the domestic bliss they’d nurtured before the kid steamrolled into their lives just to ruin everything. From this close, he can count Castiel’s eyelashes. He starts with his left, just to see how long their moment will last before being interrupted by Jack.
“Beloved,” Cas moans, stilling his hands. Dean whines frustratedly, pressing closer in the hope that Cas will pull his hair, drag his nails along the sides of his head. Cas’s dick hits the back of his throat and he pushes closer still, laving his tongue along the underside and pulling out all the stops he’d picked up from his years of work. He feels frenzied, desperate, needy.
The clocks have been stopped, the mirrors covered, and the family photos turned down.
He shuffles into the kitchen, peeking over Dean’s shoulder to see what he’s baking.
“Anna, I’m sure. I love Dean, truly. I have faith in the fact that we’ll work things out. I think he and Jack just got off on the wrong foot – don’t look at me like that, I’m not saying he was justified in hitting Jack, I’m saying it’s never going to happen again.” Cas takes a step forward and hugs her tight, “Thank you for everything, Anna. I promise to visit more.”
Instead of crying, Dean kicks at the legs of his dining room table.
Jack stumbles towards him, eyes dilated and unfocused. Cas gathers him up and presses his hand to the back of his forehead, checking for a fever. He’s sweaty and hot to the touch, and he leans into the cool gentleness of Cas’s hand.
“Father, I just – oh, I feel empty. I feel lost without John. He held the family together and now, well, I worry about the children. How will they grow up on a widow’s earnings?” Mary sniffles from behind the veil.
Dean is sleeping on Cas’s side of the bed, curled around his pillow like an oversized housecat. Cas reaches out to touch him, barely grazing his shoulder with his fingertips. The light touch drags Dean out of sleep with a throaty hum.
“You should learn to respect me – I saved you before and I’ll save you again. This is your ticket out. No more nights spent servicing men, no more skipping meals to save money, no more secret life in a different town. You can settle, relax.” The sweep of Cas’s thumb against the back of his hands is strangely intimate. He grits his teeth against it.
He’s overwhelmed.
Dean.
----------------------------------
It’s dark when the carriage stops on Regent Street, right in front of Dean’s home. There’s a candle burning in the bedroom window, and it makes Cas feel loved.
“Deanna?!” the hunter exclaims, jerking out of a doze and jumping up at the sight of them. He rushes over to her first, and when she’s deemed relatively unharmed, Bobby fixes his gaze on Castiel, Balthazar, Rachel, and Gabriel in turn. He opens his mouth to say something, probably to ask what the hell happened, but Gabriel cuts in before he can speak again.
“It’s designed to kill Lucifer, though?” Deanna needles. Balthazar nods. “Does it have to be used by Michael, or can anyone use it?”
“You should have seen the grave site. It was like a nuke went off. And then there was this—this force, this presence, I don't know, but it—it blew past me at a fill-up joint. Never seen any demon do somethin' like that. And then this.” Dean once again rolls up his left sleeve, showing the handprint off to Bobby who quickly stands.
“Go,” she says. “I’ll see you in a few days.”
“What did he say?”
Jack and Sam must’ve spent too much time together, as they’re wearing eerily similar
That’s when Deanna notices the persistent buzzing sound, and nods. Castiel carefully lifts Ed’s hat, and they both watch as locusts crawl out of a gaping wound in the officer’s head.
Dean reluctantly tears his eyes away from Cas, facing Meg. “Listen, Meg—”
“All right, then. Night, Dee.”
me,” he says over his shoulder to Castiel, “and I won’t tell him I sent you. Deal?”
Sam looks on the verge of tears, and Dean feels it like a knife to the gut. Sam pulls him into a desperate, clinging hug, and Dean returns the embrace.
“Has something happened?”
A few days later, after Balthazar has once again informed them that,
If she were a different woman, Deanna would be swooning. Since she’s not, she dives back in for another kiss, deeper this time, Cas responding with fervor, one hand still on her face, thumb sweeping gentle half moons under her eye, and one on her back, fingers reverently walking up and down her spine.
“Deanna,” he’d said again. “I’m going to gather the angels. I’ll return at dawn and we’ll make our way to the battleground together.”
“What makes you say that, boy?”
“Yeah, well, your frat buddy is now moonlighting as a crossroads demon.”
“Hey, man, you all right?” Deanna ventures.
“He said he’d be back around dawn,” she answers.
The air crackling with electricity, Deanna a beat too slow and unable to prevent the plunge of a blade into her abdomen, gasping with pain as she’d ganked the son of a bitch who’d stuck her.
she thinks wildly,
“I know, Cas,” the Righteous Man says hoarsely. Dean clears his throat. “But all we gotta do is stop Lilith before 65 seals break. As long as she ain’t killed at St. Mary’s as the final seal, she won’t be alive to break it and the Cage will stay shut. Right?”
“I can’t.”
Dean's just finished outlining the important stuff, the real milestone events, when the TV turns on and spits out static. Dean debates telling Cas to cut the shit, he obviously can't hear him like this, but the radio whines and Dean mentally rolls his eyes at the histrionics. The noise in the room grows to that high high pitch, and Dean covers his ears just in time for the mirror above the bed to shatter. Bobby rushes into the room as the rest of the glass in the room gets blown out, and shouts, “Dean!”
“I need that ring,” Bobby says into the phone. Rufus replies, though, and then he looks at the phone like he wishes he could strangle it. “I'm asking for a ring,” Bobby irately responds to the other hunter. “And I’d appreciate your,” he makes a face, “…help getting it.”
They quiet down as a waiter appears, and takes both of their orders. The brothers continue their conversation.
“Whoa, there,” the archangel says. “Bit trigger-happy, huh?” They lower their weapons.
“No,” Dean replies, shaking his head. “But
Sam looks at him like he's crazy, then says, “You're crazy. Absolutely not.”
“Yeah. Yeah, I'm good,” Dean assures his brother.
“Bobby. What’s going on?”
As soon as Cas reaches her, he lays his hand atop hers, healing the gash in her abdomen instantly, as well as the rest of her lacerations and bruises.
“I want to wake up every morning, knowing you’ll be there. I want to buy a house, a fixer-upper, and we can build it up, just the two of us; we can build something, Cas. Together. Because all this?” Dean laughs wetly, unsure when he began to cry but pushing through regardless. “This whole Orpheus and Eurydice act, it’s all for a future I want with you. Because any future without you? It’s not one I want.”
“Do you think we can trust the intel?” Deanna questions. “I mean, he just dicked you over, Bobby. And we just... dicked him... right back. He’s probably not feeling very charitable towards us right now.”
Her brother narrows his eyes, visibly wracking his brain. “Oh!” Sam says. “Yeah: don’t try to break me out and tell Cas how you feel. Looks like you’re oh for two, Dee,” her brother jokes, smiling.
Cas’ eyes widen further. “I… hadn’t thought of that.”
“‘Cause planes crash! They’re terrifying!”
“Well, uh. Bobby and me are gonna grab a beer. He's gonna catch me up on what he's found out about this Castiel thing.” Bobby is staring at Dean with an incredulous look on his face, and Dean holds up a hand to stay the questions for the time being.
“Cas?” He begins, uncertainly. Castiel immediately squeezes his hand to confirm he’s there, listening. “I, uh. I want to talk about what you said. Before the Empty took you.” Dean swallows once, twice; everything that’s bloomed within him is threatening to come out, spill petals and stems all over the ground, but: “The thing is, I want to look at you when I say—uh. But maybe I can start with something else.”
The painting seen in the Green Room and shown by Bobby to Deanna is titled St. Michael Killing the Dragon by Josse Lieferinxe.
Honestly, with how long it’s taking Deanna’s brain to reboot after
“Yeah, but we survived today, right?”
“Gabriel did it,” Deanna informs him. “He also healed us all up, then mojo’d you up here.” She flushes slightly, hoping Castiel can’t tell in the ultraviolet morning light bathing the room.
on ... I’m in the hallway again, I’m in the hallway. The
Tentative fingers tug the collar of her shirt down, but Deanna stops Castiel before he gets too far, shrugging off the green plaid she’d been wearing, leaving her in just a tee shirt. The fingers return, gently moving the shirt. She hears Castiel inhale, and looks over her shoulder at him. His expression is frozen, and she groans, “Oh, please tell me he didn’t give me a true-to-life dick tat back there.”
“Ed!” Deanna snaps.
under his breath.
Castiel nods, not saying anything in response, and turns his gaze back to the blanket of stars above them. Despite the coffee, it’s been a long day—hell, a long few weeks, a long few
“And he feels the same.” Deanna can’t bring herself to say the L word, not even in the quiet of the night.
she thinks, before Gabriel pops into existence in front of her.
He stops remembering.
“No, no, man, I’m fine!” Dean hurriedly assures. Anything to get the teary look off of Cas’ face. “I’m here for you!” He proclaims, still smiling. Just being next to Cas is like a salve for the jagged edges of his soul, a balm soothing the rawness from being cleaved in two when Cas was taken.
Bobby looks at him consideringly. “Sounds like a name.”
After some thumps on the back and excessive throat clearing from both of them, Dean heads off to gather what he needs on this quest.
“Ugh. All this angel teleporting crap is giving me a stomachache,” Deanna grouses, before looking up at the lavish mansion in front of them. “Huh. I was expecting more Dr. No, less Liberace.”
Gabriel spreads his hands. “Okay, so here’s how it’s gonna work: you give me my big brother’s lance, and I give you—and Cas here—exactly what you want.”
Most of the time is spent pooling resources like weapons and first aid items, and then making sure everyone understands what they’re getting into. Basic Enochian symbols are taught to the hunters, ones that power up weapons enough to
Deanna opens her mouth to rebuff the claim she taught Cas to think for himself, but. Well. She definitely helped. She masks it by taking a sip of whisky.
“Why the hell would them jumping in the hole free him?”
“We don't have time for this.” The angel strides forward. “Where is it?”
Bobby and Deanna exchange looks. Bobby brings the flames down to the barrel of bones, and vehemently says, “I want Crowley's name now!” The demon screams, her flesh blistering and burning. “Crowley's name!”
“Chuck shows, because of course he does. Michael tipped him off to our ‘plan’ so he thought he had an advantage. Chuck almost immediately kills Michael for betraying him, back when we first ran into him again: more energy for Jack to soak up. Chuck says he’s done with us, and Sam—get this—
Family. It used to just mean him and Sam, Dad and Mom when they were alive, but it’s become so much more. If that’s not worth fighting for, Dean doesn’t know what is.
Dean just looks at him, and seems to choose his words carefully as he asks, “Cas, you still dealing with Sam's scrambled eggs?”
Crowley’s face briefly freezes, before smoothing out. “No, can’t say that I have. Now, if you'll excuse me—”
who I am.” Dean waits for Cas to acknowledge that. He gets no extra pressure, so he swallows his fear and continues, “I’m not the ultimate killer. There was no reason to kill Chuck: Jack told us he was powerless, so there was no point. So… we walked away. Left Chuck groveling in the dirt.
“Makes sense,” she replies, taking a sip. “Hopefully their foxholes will keep ‘em safe until the showdown.” She sighs, weary down to the marrow of her bones. Between helping Bobby with research into the lance from the books in his collection, or joining him on day-long trips to the Sioux Falls University Library, and attempting to convince the hunters they know to fight in Heaven’s civil war, she’s been hunting. Deanna is only just back from what was supposed to be a routine salt and burn that quickly grew into something more, that something involving a sock puppet and one sweet old lady who’d turned out to be anything but. She turns to Castiel.
Deanna thinks. “Balthazar,” Castiel begins. “You won’t give me the weapons you stole from Heaven, but I would still ask that you stand by us in the fight against Raphael. You won’t be able to have any... ménage à douze if Raphael rules Heaven, not after you turned his vessel to salt.”
have us as research assistants?”
She doesn’t see the angel for the next few hours, as the sky darkens and fills with stars, and Deanna is so intent on her avoidance of Castiel that she doesn’t think to ask Bobby where he is until the other hunter asks her, “Cas tell you when he’ll be back?”
“...Bobby?”
is it nice to hear his voice saying things besides goodbye.
“Cas, take it easy!” Deanna scolds. She directs her gaze to the kid. “Listen, we're not here to hurt you, okay? But we need to know... where did you get this thing?”
“An angel?”
No,” the demon groans, “King of
for this man for whom the burden of saving the world has fallen upon once again.
—by Sam calling his name. It sounds like he's done it a few times before he finally got Dean's attention.
Both Bobby and Sam are looking at him like he's gone off the deep end—rightly so—and Dean scrambles to find a way to keep Pamela out of this. An idea clicks into place, and he blurts out, “Castiel.”
“And?” Sam asks, eyes still wide. “What did he say?”
“I’m… not sure. I came here as soon as I was able, after Raphael summoned me and revealed his plan to free Lucifer and Michael from the Cage.”
each other, not until Cas had spent enough time with the Winchesters to learn a thing or two about guilt.
“No,” Castiel denies. At Dean’s raised eyebrow, he relents, mouth quirking up slightly. “I saw the three of you eating dinner and recalled it took longer last time.” Dean huffs, triumphant.
“Yeah, just like the Righteous Man had to be the one to stop the Apocalypse?” Dean snorts. “Give me a break.”
White hot pain races up her spine, and her back arches. Her eyes involuntarily shut, and when she forces them open after the agony subsides, the lance isn’t in Gabriel’s hand anymore.
The two brothers are quiet for a moment, before Sam starts. “Hey. You probably want this back.” He reaches under his shirt collar and pulls out Dean's amulet. Dean looks at it, the hurricane he's kept trapped in a butterfly net this whole time threatening to consume him, before taking it from Sam.
Deanna huffs a laugh, oddly touched by the sentiment, despite a voice in her head that sounds suspiciously like her dad’s saying,
Castiel
Jack nods. “It’s an eternal sleep. The thing that makes it unique are the dreams.”
“Your soul,” the demon purrs.
“You stayin’?” She asks, drowsily.
He keeps walking.
“No,” the kid stresses, “I said I couldn’t get Cas back without
and Sam lying to him.
“Hello, Sam.” Jack politely greets. Dean just grunts at his brother.
Deanna glances down at the newspaper clippings covering the coffee table. “Quite a collection you've got there, huh?”
Dean calls the demon waiter Daisy, as in Daisy from Mystic Pizza. And I've made the demon a man, because while demons are indeed bad, Dean, stop slapping that lady, ffs.
Bobby shatters the quiet by turning to Cas, who’s sitting on the couch with Deanna, by asking, “So, what’s your plan?”
“How’re you holding up, Cas?”
“You up for this?” Sam asks.
“Leave him alone! It wasn't him!” the kid says, all bravado and wide eyes.
Deanna wakes in her bed, alone, still feeling the phantom warmth of Castiel’s side against her own.
It’s a shitshow.
The head of the Leviathan dressed in a lab coat comes off cleanly, and Dean watches as Dick Roman turns, crumpling up a container of instant creamer in one hand with the movement, to face him and Cas.
“It’s likely Raphael’s followers will be here. If we split up, perhaps I can talk Balthazar into making a stand with us.”
As soon as it’s just Bobby, Cas, and her—Rufus had to stay in Stull to smooth things over with the locals, and Deanna doesn’t envy him for having to explain why there were charred imprints of wings in the cemetery—it’s late, and Bobby pours them all full glasses of whisky. The three of them sit in silence for a while, each wrapped up in their thoughts.
“Well, now Raphael will have to go shopping for a new vessel. Should give me a nice long head start on him. Until next time,” Balthazar says, and Deanna takes a few more silent steps forward.
faces.
Adjusting her grip on the steering wheel again, Deanna tries to think of what she’s going to do next. The goddamn capital-A Apocalypse was just averted thanks to the help of the power of love, or whatever. She thought that shit only happened in movies, but then again she and Sammy have always lived a life filled with more suffering and drama than any soap opera she’d ever seen when she’d been bored and flipping through the channels on a shitty TV in one of the motel rooms they’d grown up in.
“Please. There is another way. Brother, please. I don't want to hurt you.” A dull thud, then the hair-raising sound of an angel’s dying scream. Her fingers dip into her pocket, retrieving the lighter, and she carefully doesn’t pray for Castiel’s safety lest she’s overheard. Then: “Why won't any of you listen?” Deanna releases the breath she didn’t know was trapped in her lungs.
“Hey.” Dean knows he’s in for it now based on the expression on Sam’s face: a frankly ridiculous combination of puppy dog pleading and Winchester worry.
“Hello, Deanna.”
“Dude!”
“What?”
Balthazar nods again.
“You were off huntin’ the lamia. Busy. Besides, Rufus owes me one for the okami.”
“What’re you smiling about?” she snarks. “We’re probably about to die, man, this is no laughing matter.”
“That’s what we told people to stop them looking,” Crowley retorts. “But in reality, not so much.”
She scoffs. “Yeah. That one made the papers. But I thought the Staff turned, like, a river into blood, not one dude.”
“Why'd you bury me, anyway? Why not a hunter's funeral?”
she reasons, shouldering the duffle, then doing one last sweep of the room to gather her belongings. She zips it up, and turns to face Castiel, who’s been watching her with an inscrutable look on his face.
Deanna looks up from her well-loved copy of Slaughterhouse-Five to see Castiel struggling to sit up in the bed. She quickly rises to her feet from her slouched position in the chair she’d brought up from downstairs after Castiel had shown no signs of waking anytime soon, and gently shoves him back to recline against the headboard.
“You sold your soul to an angel?” Deanna asks skeptically. She turns to Castiel, and quietly asks, “Can that even happen?”
Sam looks offended. “What are you talking about?”
“Um,” Deanna eloquently says.
“But Christopher Birch is dead.”
And Dean remembers the look in Cas' eyes when they first met, the placid calm as the nerdy-looking guy in a trench coat proclaimed himself an angel of the Lord and spread his wings as mighty shadows,
The man on the sofa glances up, startled, exclaiming, “What the... how'd you get in here?!”
“You sure you did the ritual right?” Dean can't help but poke at Bobby, and a fierce ache ricochets through him at the older hunter's expression. Dean's missed him. “Sorry. Touchy, touchy, huh?”
“Well, then you should know that he failed in his rescue mission because he lacked faith. Orpheus thought he was alone, and lost everything due to his self-doubt. Can you relate?”
“So we can find him now, right?”
“...Thank you.”
“All right, let’s get you kids healed up!” He claps his hands together, and the blood disappears from the three angels, and Deanna feels her bruises and pain from getting tossed about like a rag doll fade. With that, Gabriel turns to her once again, winks, and places two fingers on her forehead, and Deanna finds herself in the bedroom she’s been sleeping in with Castiel, still unconscious, on the bed. A hysterical giggle bubbles up, and she’s helpless to stop the single bark of laughter that escapes her mouth. She’d wanted Castiel in her bed, hadn’t she?
“Hi, Dee.”
Doubt.
Dean looks at his brother, then Bobby, then says, “I didn't know how to tell you before, Bobby, but when I woke up in that box, I had that word in my head. Castiel.” Dean looks between the other two, hoping they're buying the load of bullshit he's selling. They both just look confused, so Dean plows on, “What do you think it means?”
Cas cuts him off before he can speak: “Finish your food. After all, I made such a ‘fuss’ over it.” The fucker does the air quotes and everything, a playful glint in his eyes. Dean snorts.
“And whose fault is that?”
“Sorry, bucko. Meg can’t come to the phone right now.” The thing that must be the Entity grins. “She’s dead. Well, she’s dead and
“Yeah, but he’s got a family. What do you say we pay ‘em a visit?”
“This is a bad idea.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. What about him?” Deanna gestures to Aaron, still unconscious on the bed.
energy,” he emphatically says, hands slipping down to grip her biceps. “What did Gabriel do?”
to Hell, before closing it when he realizes he doesn’t care. Also, it seems rude to argue with literally God about semantics, especially when it seems like Jack’s gonna help Cas.
“Oh, you don't think this'll work, do you?” Dean moves closer to Dick. “You trust that demon?”
If you turn around, you lose. And your precious Cas is mine for good. I don’t
Bobby had insisted she play around with the lance, because
Cas hesitates for a moment, seemingly wavering on what to say, before he settles on: “I suppose I’m just... happy to see you, despite the circumstances.”
“You only wish..?” Castiel prompts, finally turning to look at him. Dean’s eyes meet his, irises shadowed in the low glow of the moon, hair limned by the silvery light.
“Before the Apocalypse, Heaven may have been corrupt, but it was stable. The Staff was safely contained.” Castiel sighs. “Like I said, it's been chaos up there. In that confusion, a number of... powerful weapons were... stolen.”
Dean sets his jaw. “Because he'd just try to stop us.”
It happens like this, okay?
to be you, Dean,” Jack divulges. “Only you can bring Cas back to Earth.”
“No, I don’t require your permission. I—” the angel breaks off. “Sam is dead.”
“Dean, we've got to take 'em,” Sam insists. “They're dangerous.”
“Yeah,” Bobby cuts in. “I need you two to go to Scotland.”
“This is ridiculous,” she can hear the demon saying, presumably to Bobby as it sounds more distant. “The whole burning bones thing—it's a myth.”
“As I spent more time with the two of you,” Castiel continues, “the more I felt. Emotions, ones of confusion, of anger, of despondency… and ones of caring, ones of protectiveness. I suppose what I’m trying to say is I considered myself to be somewhat of a… guardian… to the two of you. And I failed Sam, yes, but I refuse to fail you.”
They arrive in the cemetery, and Deanna can’t help the instinctive shudder that runs through her. The last time she’d been here flashes through her mind: Rock of Ages blaring as she’d pulled in, the sight of Lucifer wearing Sam’s skin, the condescension of both of the angels as she’d interrupted their dick measuring contest,
Dean tightens his grip.
Later, Deanna is never sure which of them moved first, but their lips meet and her right hand moves to his hair as his left cups her cheek, and they’re
Castiel flies to the top of Nanga Parbat, needing some perspective. He steps into what he knows is frigid air, and subtly creates a moment out of time so he could
“Deanna. It's been a long time. We should get together,” the King of the Crossroads replies, sounding annoyed.
After a few minutes, Deanna hears two voices talking, then a whoosh of air, like the phone has been tossed, so she says, “Hiya, Crowley.”
“It wasn’t pretty,” was all he said of the matter, seemingly dreading the task ahead.
Deanna glances at Castiel, hoping her expression conveys the amount of ‘what the fuck-ery’ she’s feeling. “Officer, you all right?”
“Cars crash, too, and you’ve driven many more miles in your lifetime than most people.”
“No. Because if you were, you would have done it already. Fact is, you don't know who cut me loose. And you're just as spooked as we are. And you're looking for answers. Well, maybe it was some turbo-charged spirit. Or, uh, Godzilla. Or some big bad boss demon,” Dean says. “I'm guessing at your pay grade that they don't tell you squat. Because whoever it was, they want me out. And they're a lot stronger than you. So go ahead. Send me back. But don't come crawling to me when they show up on your front doorstep with some Vaseline and a fire hose.”
“And I'm all for that. But come on. There's got to be another way.”
“It's me! It's Dean!”
The room is silent, save for Deanna’s harsh breathing and a wet coughing coming from Balthazar. Deanna spares a quick glance at him—injured but alive—and at Rachel—injured and unconscious, but also alive—before rushing to Castiel’s side. He’s not moving, not breathing, not really, but there’s no charred wings on the floor so—
“Now, now, Feathers,” the demon protests, “this is no way to treat a lady on the first date. Wait until the second, at least.”
“More pieces, more product.”
She’d woken up when it was still dark out to Cas’ fingers brushing through her hair, and the angel saying her name in a hushed voice.
The four of them begin walking towards Ramiel’s home, and Deanna can’t help but think,
Deanna follows Bobby down into the basement, reeling from the news of Crowley’s refusal to return Bobby’s soul, and is greeted by a voice saying, “Hey there, cranky. You were gone so long, I just assumed alcoholic c—” the red-eyed demon cuts herself off, taking notice of the additional figure in the room. “Well, well, well. If it isn’t the famous Deanna Winchester. What an honor. I’d shake your hand, but I’m,” she nods her head down at her restraints, “a little tied up.”
Castiel eyes the object. “Is that...? Yes.”
before following her family into the sitting room.
“And?”
The diner is pretty empty, but Dean's glad for it when Sam asks, “So?”
Sam catches Bobby up on what he's been doing since Dean went to Hell, and refreshes Dean's memory. He mostly contributes to the discussion by rote, but when Bobby says, “I know a psychic. A few hours from here. Something this big, maybe she's heard the other side talking,” Dean can't hold back his exclaimed, “No!”
Jack is pale, and his eyes are round and sorrowful. Dean almost feels bad, because the kid honestly looks like someone kicked a puppy right in front of him, but Dean’s not done.
Deanna looks at him, and looks at him. She hears Bobby and Cas come up behind her, Bobby’s astonished exclamation and Cas’ warm greeting, but it all becomes white noise as she takes in the sight of her little brother, whole and healthy and
Deanna hums, considering. “You know, now that I think about it, maybe I'll just,” she sparks her lighter, “napalm your ass anyhow.”
“Why don’t you make some calls, Bobby? See if you can shake any ideas from any of your contacts,” Deanna says, rubbing her eyes and slumping lower in her chair. She looks up, notices the time, and does a double take. “But I need my four hours, and so do you, old man. Let’s restart this tomorrow.” She pauses. “Cas, how much time do we have until teenage mutant ninja angel is ready to go?”
“—can have
They all settle down, Bobby behind his desk and Sam, Deanna, and Cas squeezed onto the sofa.
“Ew,” Sam says. Deanna scowls.
“Cas, you realize you just kidnapped a kid?”
“Crowley?! Why?”
“Figure of speech, Cas.”
“I need some air,” she blurts, backing away from the angel, before turning tail and fleeing.
This time, it’s Dean that finds him.
Maybe I’m getting tired – I can’t think of anything but nights with you. I want them warm and silvery.
“Wait. You—?”
Dean's heart stutters, stops, restarts as he remembers what he did last time: call Sam, then
Bobby says at one point. After the business part is over, most of the hunters head out to Kansas to grab a motel for the night before the fight. Stull Cemetery is the battleground of choice, and Deanna still isn’t sure how she feels about that when it’s just Rufus, Garth, Bobby, and her left in the house.
Dean’s breath hitches. With one last searching glance, he turns his back on Cas and starts walking back the way he came.
Dean mentally swats the voice away like a particularly persistent gnat.
It’s a combination of texture, and taste, and the wisps of a warm kitchen filled with food and love.
“I like to think it's because of my perky nipples,” Dean echoes his quip from last time. The waiter just looks at him. “I don't know. Wasn't my doing—I don't know who pulled me out.”
They've got fruit pies
Dean picks the necklace up from its place in the duffel, showing it off to the nephilim-turned-God, before stashing it back in the bag next to his weapons, sustenance, and the paper Jack handed him with a quirked up mouth. The amulet has really come a long way: first, a gift given out of brotherly love, then a mechanism for finding a God that didn’t want to be found. Now, it gets to play the role of a homing beacon for a dead angel. Funny how these things work.
Deanna picks it up, and carefully stows it, along with the gun she’d had in the waistband of her jeans, on the scuffed bedside table. She gingerly sits on the bed next to Castiel, and takes one of his hands in both of hers. She lifts it up to her face, and carefully presses her mouth to the angel’s palm. She drops their tangled hands onto her lap, bows her head, and sits quietly on the bed, waiting for Castiel to wake.
“You're gonna torture a kid?” Deanna feels the pit in her stomach open once more.
painting, the one that had kicked all of this off, the one that gave them hope only for them to die before they’d gotten their hands on the weapon depicted in it: the Lance of Michael.
He hugs her again, until she shoves him off of her, saying, “Okay, that’s enough chick flick moments for one night,” as Sam laughs.
Dean says nothing as they walk away from the demon-filled diner, but Sam can't seem to help himself, asking, “We're not just going to leave them in there, are we, Dean?”
Out of the silence, the house erupts with noise: a
“You smote them with the Staff of Moses!” Castiel accuses, donning his “I-Am-An-Angel-Of-The-Lord” voice. Deanna sighs.
“Why?” the angel asks again.
man. First of all—Gabriel? He’s alive.”
She’d fallen back asleep instantly, and woke again just before the first tendrils of light stretched across the floor of her room.
“Raphael!” He turns to look at her, face blank as ever. She’d smiled, more a baring of teeth than anything. “How’s it feel to be losing?”
“You have the amulet? The paper?” Jack appears out of nowhere, Sam and Dean both jumping out of their respective skins.
Jack’s eyebrows draw closer together, his face a moue of unhappiness. “Dean. It’s been over a month. Cas wouldn’t—”
“Well, uh. Gee, Cas,” Dean blusters. “You sure know how to make a girl feel special.”
“I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.”
“Thanks,” he says lamely.
Castiel sighs, and Deanna is suddenly brought back to that moment in the park, after the events of the long night when Samhain rose, when she and Sammy were still trying to prevent seals from being broken.
The hunter settles back into the chair, kicking her feet up on the bed next to Castiel’s hip. “Oh, boy, you missed a
Once Sam and the demon bitch are both dressed, Ruby telling Sam, “So, call me,” and Sam replying, “Yeah, yeah, sure thing, Kathy,” and Ruby informing him with an affronted air, “Kristy,” and Sam sheepishly responding, “Right,” as he shows her out the door, Dean watches the whole exchange closely.
They start walking in complete silence.
By that point, it's too late to take it back. Castiel doesn't know why he's here, but perhaps his Father saw it fit to punish him by putting him back at the start of everything—the start for him, at least.
Out of the corner of her eye, Deanna sees Castiel nod, and the two of them lapse into silence, nothing but the sound of crickets chirping and a faint breeze ruffling through the trees and Deanna’s hair, nothing but the stars above them.
“Great, we all thought. That’s that sorted. But Lucifer didn’t let us have, like, thirty seconds before he goes and kills the new Death. He grabs the book and reveals he’s been working for Chuck. What a twist, huh? Lucifer helping Chuck, Michael working against him.” Dean scoffs. “It’s almost out of character for them; Lucifer always hated Chuck, right?” Cas squeezes his hand once. “Yeah. So, Michael and Lucifer duke it out, and honestly? It was a bit of a pissing contest. I thought it was supposed to be some Earth-ending event, but it was pretty lame. At least it didn’t wreck the bunker, I guess?” One squeeze.
“Angry.”
“The base of my neck,” she finishes. “There should be a tattoo or something?” She pulls her hair to one side so the angel can see.
“Go inside, Claire,” he says quietly, before stretching his wings and flying to a warehouse containing his past, present, and future.
reason, by God or Dick or somethin' else… but I say we make the best of a messed up situation. You in?”
Bobby lunges forward with the knife, but swipes at thin air; Dean rises from his swift crouch and catches Bobby's wrists in his hands. He tightens his grip on Bobby's hand with the weapon in it until it clatters to the ground. The older hunter backs up towards the kitchen, and Dean says, “Bobby! It's me.” He slices his arm with the silver knife, wincing slightly. “I'm not a revenant, or a shapeshifter. Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a hunter after your wife got possessed, and... you're about the closest thing I have to a father.” Dean pauses, able to take in the look of diminishing disbelief and growing hope properly this time around. “Bobby. It's me.”
“Who?” Deanna asks.
That gets her attention. “Seriously? The three of us spent, like, a week straight doing nothing but reading your crap,” she gestures at said pile of crap, “and you find something in the couple of days you
“Well, yeah: there's three of them, probably more, and we've only got one knife between us.”
He blinks.
“Christopher Birch is a kid with no face... and a planted gun.”
“Will you stay? Watch over me?” Deanna asks lightly, only her racing heart betraying how nervous she is to hear the answer.
“Deanna.”
Dean is proud of his lack of reaction, honestly. He can't wait to kill the bitch again.
Dean mechanically picks up the sandwich—strawberry jam, from the fancy farmer’s market a couple miles south, not even grape like Sam told him Cas preferred, what the
Castiel turns back to Darryl, then presses two fingers to his forehead. Darryl falls back onto the sofa, unconscious.
Castiel nods, acknowledging the pain of their loss. A few moments pass before either of them speak again.
“Deanna?”
Deanna, Castiel, Balthazar, and Rachel land in the brush outside of a darkened house at the address Crowley had coughed up earlier.
Recognisable dialogue comes from the episodes 5.22 Swan Song and 5.03 Free to Be You and Me; the song on the radio and the chapter title both come from The Battle of Evermore by Led Zeppelin.
He sighs, then says, “I summoned Crowley.”
Dean’s in 7B, because of
“You deserve a break, Dee,” Castiel says quietly. Deanna jolts at the sound of her nickname coming from his mouth.
Deanna says nothing, fingers nervously twirling the keys to the Impala.
only breaking for Deanna to breathe, and lose themselves to pleasure under the night sky, find each other under the blanket of stars.
“Hello, Deanna.”
“Yes.”
“We could choose life!”
” Her voice rings across the field. As one, Raphael’s followers release the angels and humans they’re holding. She nods, satisfied, before ordering, “Get on your knees.”
Dean braces himself against the cashier's counter as a laugh starts to bubble up from deep inside him, hoarse and hysterical, until he has to wipe away the tears and grime covering his face. He spends a moment hunched over after the outburst ends, before mentally steeling himself for the final test. Dean slowly walks to the bathroom and faces the mirror. Reflected back is his face, definitely younger, eyes slightly wide with apprehension. He narrows them, unable to fully tamp down the trepidation, and rolls up the left sleeve of his t-shirt.
The sky grows dark with storm clouds, thunder rumbling and lightning flashing first in the distance, slowly moving closer.
She snorts. “Yeah, dumbass. ‘We.’ What’s the plan to stop your dick brother from having another showing of
“I wouldn’t call the impending doomsday a win for us, boy,” Bobby says tiredly, adjusting his cap.
“Uh,” Deanna says, “what? Why?”
I will make an example of you: this is what happens to those who would dare defy Heaven, time and again.” The archangel slowly walks towards her.
“Okami?”
“...Fine,” Deanna agrees. Castiel releases Crowley, and the three eye each other warily. Crowley huffs, and finally says, “This was fun, but I really must go. I've a little hell to raise.”
“You—uh. What?” The familiar walls of the bunker seem to close in as Dean processes Jack’s words. “But you’re God!”
Castiel tilts his head slightly. “What did you have in mind?”
It’s midnight, and Dean is exhausted after a long day of driving back to the bunker, of the loudness of the highway and the radio. So when Cas offers to bring him something to eat, Dean mumbles an affirmative, expecting Castiel to rummage around in the fridge and nuke some leftovers.
“What? No!”
“How did you manage to get everything settled so quickly?” Castiel questions.
“Hell, no.”
“Foolish is my middle name. C’mon, Cas,” Deanna wheedles. “I’m capable of fighting one lousy demon, especially if I’ve got three angels with me.”
“Gabriel?” a voice asks.
“It's him,” Bobby says, “I've been through this already. It's
The lines on Cas’ forehead smooth out, and he softly presses his mouth to hers in a brief peck. Deanna shakes her head, laughing, before dragging him into a longer kiss, still gentle, but deeper. Cas wraps his arms around her waist, and they kiss as the sky lightens to a pale blue.
“No,” the angel assuages her fear. “He did not.”
After stripping off her pants and pulling on worn flannel pants and an old tee shirt, Deanna sits on the edge of the bed that had once been Sam’s designated sleeping spot whenever they’d stayed here. Bobby had insisted she take the room, but she’d been adamant about not doing so for the first few days, taking the lumpy couch as usual. Eventually, Bobby had threatened to cut off first the caffeine supply, then the booze stash, before she’d relented. It still feels wrong to be sleeping upstairs, but she supposes she’ll have to get used to it. With that frankly depressing thought, she turns to crawl under the covers but is interrupted by a gentle tap on the door. She sighs.
Dean pounds on Bobby's door until it swings open, the older hunter's face crinkled with that familiar annoyance before smoothing out with complete shock.
she thinks.
. I tried opening the Devil's Gate. Hell, I tried to bargain, Dean, but no demon would deal, all right? You were rotting in Hell for
“Don’t headshrink me. I’m not in the mood, thanks, doc.”
and the
Castiel doesn’t appear interested in the score, asking, “But how did we return to Bobby’s? Surely Balthazar wasn’t in any condition to fly all of us back.”
, ‘specially since we know what’s ahead.”
For a moment, nothing happens, the whole world freezing as Deanna waits with her heart caught in her throat, her mind a litany of
The two in conversation jerk around to face Dean as he skids to a stop next to Cas, a huge grin breaking out on his face as Dean takes in the angel. He looks—well. He looks the same as he had when they last spoke, except this time Dean can examine him knowing Death isn’t hot on their heels. Yeah, Dean’ll admit it: Cas looks good, if a bit peeved. The irritation slowly melts into horror as he registers Dean’s presence.
, Sam mouths, but before Dean can throw something at him, Jack answers.
Gabriel’s eyes meet Deanna’s and he smiles slightly, before picking up the Lance of Michael one-handed. “You’re gonna need this, kiddo,” he informs her, then reaches out with his other hand and touches the back of her neck—
. For months, and I couldn't stop it. So I'm sorry it wasn't me, all right? Dean, I'm sorry.”
Dick.”
Without any kind of impending Armageddon hanging over them, Deanna and Cas get to know each other, in the we’re-in-a-monogamous-relationship-and-seriously-in-love sense, not just as two soldiers fighting the same war, or friends who have each other’s backs, and it’s good.
“It's all right. He's just sleeping,” Deanna tells him.
Meg?—complains, until—
Silence.
The two of them head back to Bobby's living room, the older hunter saying, “That don't make a lick of sense.”
Dean squeeze back, then—
Castiel remembers everything as soon as he possesses Jimmy Novak.
Sam shifts, and Dean holds his hand up to prevent him from jumping the mook. Sam settles back in his seat, glaring daggers at their waiter.
The next day is a busy one and Deanna barely has time to dwell upon the whole Cas thing.
Cas frowns. “Can I do anything to aid you?”
—David Foster Wallace,
she thinks, somewhat deliriously, before shaking her head slightly as if to banish the thought.
, where I have occasionally been known to tumbl. Oh, and chapter title comes from Thank You by Led Zeppelin.
As soon as the door to the sigil-covered room closes, Castiel lowers his angel blade and slices his palm. He heads to the entrance, and begins drawing something comprised of the odd swirls and squiggles of Enochian. After a few minutes of silence, save for the sound of Bobby tapping his foot, Castiel turns to face the two humans in the room. “This should prevent anyone from listening in.”
Deanna wrinkles her nose slightly. “Awesome. This should be a bundle of laughs.”
They come to in room 7B still holding hands.
“Balthazar. I wonder…” Castiel trails off.
Deanna clears her throat. “I mean, I’d argue with the first one; I didn’t try to break you out, Gabriel just did it for me. I didn’t even ask or anything.” Sam tips his head in acknowledgement.
Deanna shivers slightly, and goes to the fridge to grab herself a beer, cognizant of the fact that those paintings almost came to life, except it would’ve been her—or her body, at least—standing triumphant over Sam’s form. She pops the cap off of the bottle, and takes a long drink.
Halfway through, Cas having settled back in his chair, all but twiddling his thumbs as he watches Dean chew, decides to interrupt the tranquil atmosphere by saying, “You deserve good things in your life, Dean.”
“Yeah, well. We'll find him, but I don't think he was the one to get me out.”
The radio sputters to life, static filling the otherwise silent store. Dean ignores the salt on the shelf nearby, and covers his head— and, more importantly, ears— as the static gradually turns into a whine before blowing out the windows, glass shattering all around him. The noise reaches its peak before abruptly cutting out, and Dean dusts off the broken glass and makes his way outside, bag of food and water in hand, the door swinging shut behind him.
Through the haze and the heat, Dean heads to the abandoned gas station.
“You, too,” Dean says with feeling.
“Going twice,”
.” He’s practically shouting by the time he says that. Jack opens his mouth to speak, but Dean cuts him off with, “Cas is gone. He left, and he ain’t coming back. I’ve accepted that.” He swallows, then amends, “I’m working on accepting it.”
“I have no idea,” Castiel replies. “But I can read the mark and find the name of the angel that bought the soul.”
Castiel knows it’s important he speaks with his sister first, before she can be found by the other angels or demons and hunted. He reasons he’ll have a few days before he’s forced to make a move, and wishes to speak with Dean before he does so. Castiel figures Dean may have some ideas on what to do, seeing as he and Anna were—close, the last time.
Deanna enters the house, trying to keep her footfalls as light as possible. She hears a voice saying, “You're making a mistake.”
here? Are you—are you dead?” Grief clouds Castiel’s face, his eyes welling up and oh. Right.
Castiel had left shortly after, promising to check in on Dean the next night. He’d also reminded his friend that he need only pray and Castiel would come. They both knew the rising of the witnesses was the first trial the hunter would face, and Dean had grimaced when reminded of that fact.
He turns his face towards hers, and she follows suit. “Yes, Deanna?”
“Dean,” Jack acknowledges. “How are you?”
“No,” Raphael again, sounding as close to ruffled as angels can get. Deanna hears a curious sound, a sort of
“I’ll call upon Balthazar and Rachel, and the three of us will go investigate,” Castiel says, but before he can wing away, Deanna grabs his arm.
“Lucifer.”
Wasn’t that the definition of home? Not where you are from, but where you are wanted.
Castiel just shakes his head, reaching across the sofa to set a hand on her shoulder and
“Yeah, it’s Michael killing Lucifer. But the ‘how’ is what’s interestin’.” Bobby gestures for her to come closer, and she does, plopping down in the chair across from him.
She yawns. “Hey, Cas.”
Deanna swallows, and says, “It’s Michael defeating Lucifer. ‘As it was written,’” she mockingly quotes.
The problem, of course, is that Dean still knows Sam better than Castiel ever will. He decides to let Dean take the lead, but first: “Sam needs to stop ingesting the blood.”
“Take his hand,” the Entity directs. Dean and Cas exchange a glance before complying. Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand for good measure, assuring himself that Cas is really here, that they can maybe get out of this mess unscathed… and together. “Good. Now, Dean.” He looks at the thing wearing Meg. “What you’re gonna do is turn around, and walk right out of here. As long as you don’t let go of dear Castiel here, and as long as you
Deanna only remembers the battle for Heaven and Earth in bits and pieces:
“You don't get it. He's the King.”
Deanna stops walking towards the door, keys jingling in her hand. “Why the hell not? We’re meeting your buddy at Bobby’s in two days. We’ve gotta get on the road now, or we’ll be late.”
Rufus must say something that confirms he’ll do Bobby the favor, and then Bobby distantly replies, “Something like that…”
Anyway.
Deanna drives as fast and far as she can that night, barely stopping at the Gas-n-Sips that litter the highways for more than a piss and some coffee. She sleeps in the Impala after seven hours of driving, waking three hours later from a nightmare featuring Sam on the rack, Deanna’s hands on the knife as she carved into his flesh.
“I've been killing a lot more demons than that lately,” Sam replies, and Dean is again reminded of how much of an idiot he was the first time around.
“Yes.”
It’s afternoon in Ohio, and the college green hums with a quiet sort of energy. As Castiel follows Anna, he debates on how to best go about this.
Cas opens his mouth, but before he can say anything Meg cuts in with a sardonic laugh. “Well, isn’t this cute! Come to rescue your pet?”
“Oh!” she says, snapping her fingers. She swings her feet down onto the floor before standing and turning to put her back to Castiel. “Will you check, uh,” she pauses, trying to remember exactly what Gabriel had said.
“All right! All right, I’ll tell you,” the King of Hell acquiesces. “I
“No clue. Let's find Sam, though, see if he knows anything. Even if he didn't make a deal, him acting off is reason enough to be suspicious.” It's not even a lie, more of a not-truth.
The scene: Meg, slouched on a throne like she was made for it, dark eyes burning into a trench coat-clad figure that can only be—
Dean’s face seems to collapse inwards at his words, and Castiel
“Around,” Bobby responds.
Sam stops struggling and Bobby loosens his grip. “What…?” Sam says dazedly.
Deanna releases his arm, but says, “Wait. I was just wondering…”
the one behind the wheel, making the decisions on the road, not some jackasses in fancy hats.”
Deanna sighs. “Yeah.”
“Two lovebirds, one dies, the other goes to get her back and fails?” Dean says, pleased and a smidge too smug at Sam’s look of surprise. “I
She sets the box down on the bed, then lifts the cover. Her hands first find the amulet Sam had given to her—twice, actually; first when they were kids as a Christmas gift when their dad hadn’t returned home as promised, then again, when he’d pressed it into her hands on that final ride to Detroit. Deanna sighs, and slips it over her neck for the first time in months, where it hangs familiarly, where it belongs. She turns her attention back to the box, and retrieves what’s taking up the majority of its confines: her Dad’s leather jacket. She shrugs it on, and heads outside.
She flaps one hand about. “It’s an idiom, Cas, it’s not meant to be taken literally.”
“Everything all set?” Deanna asks.
Sam’s got going on.
His expression is exasperated, but he’s eyeing her with concern, face looking a little gray. She realizes the last time he was here, he’d died. She forces a smile onto her face, although she knows she’s not fooling either of them.
“That you, man?”
“This meeting's over,” Dick declares, dropping his eye contact with Cas and his expression of forced good humor at once, beginning to step with purpose towards Dean.
“Okay, nobody's killing anybody. What's your name?”
By the time Dean's musings end, Sam has parked himself onto the motel room's couch and is looking at Dean like he can scarcely believe he's there. Dean turns so he doesn't have to look at his brother, and Bobby takes this as his chance to ask, “Are you out of your damn mind, y'idjit?”
“Portability,” he responds, before the world once again shifts.
“Not much,” Balthazar replies, sweeping imaginary lint off his shoulder. “It was Michael’s, obviously, and designed to kill Lucifer. No one has seen it in, oh, a few millennia, give or take.”
September 18th, 2008. The day he was pulled out of Hell.
Deanna is rummaging through the trunk of the Impala when she feels a familiar displacement of air and hears the sound of feathers. Her lips curl up into a slight smile.
"Thank you." His watery smile coloring his entire face. "I love you."
The next time is slow still, cautious hands and flushed skin. Cas is a nervous, vibrating thing. Dean whispers in his ear.
Dean laughs, his chest not tight anymore.
He's grateful that this moment isn't sad, or heartbreaking. They feel free, and real, and held.
“Did you just compare me to
want to do this, baby." he shrugs, feigning innocence,
“Forgot to install the filter on that one before I left the house again, huh.”
There's obviously a lot to sort through with this new-
They've extracted themselves from the bed at this point and are saddled with two mugs of steaming coffee at the kitchen table. They sit contentedly as the bunker slowly ticks to life. Sam and Eileen sleep in on Sundays, so even if Cas and Dean had any hesitations about the casual, intimate touches that they share over the table (and under it, with the bumping of their knees) no one else is around to see it anyway.
Some things just happen, without logical reason or viable possibility. Like falling out of a pair of wings and into a pair of boxers he never returned. It's not stealing if the person who they belong to won't accept them back.
"Yes," says Cas, "definitely coffee, and then church."
I see everyone talking about blonde!Cas and so of course I stan this and so now it is canon in Covenant verse that Cas slowly goes blonde as the fic happens. Timestamp between chapter 3 and 4
. Scribbled forms with big eyes and stick hands that he hangs around the bunker, and when he thinks he is alone he smiles at them. There's 2 in the kitchen and Sam doesn't get it, but Jack thinks the drawings are magnificent. Cas keeps a stack of them in the drawer on his side of the bed. The curling papers sit next to a letter from Kelly and a secret Polaroid he took of Dean. He knows it's not really secret, though he wouldn’t let Sam see it even if he asked nicely. This is the drawer where Cas’s special things live, for him to do with whatever he pleases.
As they walk back to the Impala, Dean’s arm around Cas’s shoulder, and Cas’s hand in Dean’s back pocket, they discuss possible plans for the rest of the day. The spring sun is golden and crisp. In the car on the way home Cas picks
“I never thought I would be this old… couple times it looked like it was
"Dada, here's our home, and this is the moon, and here's Venus, and Jupiter, and Saturn, and Antares! Scorpius is going away since summer is over, but the
“My name is Castiel, this is my partner Dean.”
With a relieved smirk, Dean replies,
"Mmm," he grumbles "Dean, are you ok?" voice crackling from desertion. He opens his eyes and moves closer to where Dean sits, heeding his spasmodic breathing, a telltale sign of the near-panic that shakes his body.
caught is still so raw and newfangled. Their opportunity to build a future without monsters or a big bad waiting for them has only
Dean's gaze is searching, but not tinted by anything even close to amusement or doubt. There had been some space made between them in order for Cas to deliver him this message but now it seems like a canyon between them.
He looks at Dean before lowering the joint, then raises his free hand. He makes a small "O" shape with his mouth and lets out two perfect rings of white smoke. Then, he makes the shape of his mouth even smaller and using the first finger of his raised hand, taps the hollow of his cheek in quick succession. Dozens of little white donuts lift off into the air from his lips.
"Thank you." says Dean, scooting back to sit against the headboard, holding his hand out for the coffee.
the details.
Cas needs some new clothes, Dean is helpful and honest. They both take time to be of service to the community and love on each other.
"Anyway...Yeah."
"Cas…" with glassy eyes and a proud smile Dean opens his arms before asking, "can I hug you?"
Jack grins and closes his eyes, pretending to go back to sleep. This lasts for about 5 seconds before Castiel grunts, "Hello, Jack."
breath against my ear
He's older than time but knows so little about being human despite his multiple attempts.
Thus do we covenant.”
Dean's surprise is not hidden from his face, but it shifts to profound appreciation quick enough to satisfy her.
To repair is to acknowledge and respond to the fracturability of the world in which we live in a very particular way--not by simply throwing our hands up in despair at the damage, or otherwise accepting without question that there is no possibility of or point in trying to put the pieces back together, but by employing skills of mind, hand, and heart to recapture an earlier moment in the history of an object or a relationship in order to allow it to keep existing.'"
The first time the idea of attending the Unitarian Church was brought up, flashbacks to Dean's time in churches during his life as a hunter came rushing in.
“You didn’t mention the coffee, actually. But, of course… you know I’d try anything for you, Cas. If this is what makes you happy, then screw it.” He smiles widely.
Jack turns to the side and eagerly snuggles up against Cas. "Good morning, Pappa!" He says in his best stage whisper. Jack tells Castiel about his dreams; tall lush trees, the whistle and melody of chickadees, sunshine, small yellow flowers making shadows across oval leaves dotted with pinholes. Dean snores on.
and she says
to be grinding against Dean's leg here in the rarely used back stairway of the UU church he grew up in. They’re not the Bible-thumping type and
"Good thing Sam took off early this morning for that hunt. He left some coffee for us."
by The Turtles to play first. Dean gives him a face, because he can't
“Don’t even tell me you think you’re sneaky. I can’t believe you just spent the last 20 minutes messing around with Dean in the back stairwell!”
Dean makes a show of peering around Anji to look at Erin, and she giggles some more, hiding her eyes.
The blankets beside him begin to rustle, Cas turns and reaches his arm blindly to where he knows Dean must be sitting. His hand lands on Dean just above the top of his boxers.
"Dean, cut it out
Jack may be four, and an actual, literal kid now,
loved.
"I come up blubbering
of Scorpius is
the bees
The piano stops, and Reverend Magid stands. Tall and graceful like an oak, she greets the congregation with her usual words of affirmation and gratitude before diving right into the sermon.
map your face, even though
deep in my mind
filed away that compares to the charming voices and the familial energy within this sanctuary. The fact that simple songs have him brimming with joy… that tells him that Dean and him are doing something right by coming here, together.
From apologies and other informal attempts at patching things up to law courts, conflict mediation, and truth and reconciliation commissions, we try to reweave what we revealingly call the social fabric. No wonder, then, that H. reparans is always and everywhere on call: we, the world we live in, and the objects and relationships we create are by their very nature things that can break, decay, unravel, fall to pieces…
about a whole lot more than "God".
With a smug grin plastered on his face, Dean does a quick survey of the stairwell, looking up through the bannister to the second floor before closing the door to the kitchen quietly and shushing Cas's objections.
Thank you to Nora, who knows how to edit and is a bad bitch
Dean scrunches his shoulders way up to his ears
“That would be wonderful” Cas answers for both of them.
Cas smiles, relieved that it isn’t as intense of a morning as he knows it could be,
She punches his arm, “Dude, in church? Don’t you know there are old people here? And your
The boys share a look, lips quirking into small smiles. It’s Dean’s turn to respond.
Jack looks at it, blonde eyebrows drawing together.
“Cas, honey, you're not having a heart attack.”
“I’m never leaving again.”
to give it to me."
Cas brings both hands to Dean’s face, thumbing the blonde stubble along his jaw, “You didn’t do anything wrong, it’s just-”
rice crispies, because
to peek his head in the community room first though, eyeing the donuts that he will most definitely be devouring during coffee hour later.
“Yeah!” Jack sits up and crawls into Cas’s lap, and says, proudly, “I learn it in my dreams.”
It seems like something the old Cas might say about humans. He knows by now that the important things are easier said than done. But this is something Dean is also right about. So on a rainy Saturday he leans into it. He watches Dean cook, and asks for him to tell stories. He wears Dean’s old grey sweatpants with the paint spots on them from when they touched up their room a few months back. He eats ice cream on the couch and dances his fingers up Dean’s thigh just to watch him smirk and blush. He watches the movie and doesn’t make any excuse to get up or find some way to be “useful”.
"You are way too handsome in that button down for me to
” but her smile tells him she would never tell a soul.
“I’m Anji, and this little hiding birdie is Erin.”
not something that should be advancing any further considering their current location.
He's sat in churches, bloody and praying, a thousand times before
, he peppers kisses to each of his cheekbones and the tip of his nose.
He is cuddly all morning, between being at the stove and the table. Not like Cas would let him out of his reach anyway, so they sit on the same side as they sip from their cups. The bacon frying is background noise to the episode of
Dean nods, not totally sure where this is going, but steady, accepting whatever it is that will be the conclusion of this moment. He notices Cas's confident, steady posture, his hair shining in the sun, almost as if it's not as rich or deep shaded as it was the day before.
"Yeah, I was just catching up with Anji before she had to run.” He gestures to where her and Erin are disappearing through the grand double doors. “Should I get you a cup too?"
Just listening to the birds and the breeze is nice, but there’s something eating at Cas, something hovering at the forefront of his mind. He shifts on the bench, putting space between them before he grabs both of Deans hands in his and begins to speak.
Before Dean can say anything, the little girl crawls into her mother’s lap with a curious, eager expression on her face. She looks them both in the face, then looks at her mom,
Taking things without permission is stealing, but it's either cement-blistered feet or a gut tied in an anxious knot. He understands the value of clean(ish) feet, and anything that will keep him from bleeding. Humans are fragile, prone to fatigue, and he can feel every stressor rattle his nervous system.
?” He says with faux disbelief.
“I feel you on that one."
2, 5, 7:13 AM you are
“What a lovely service. And that song in the beginning got me all teary… man, I love this place” she says, clearly a seasoned attendee of the church. She looks at Dean and Cas with a friendly smile.
“I’m sorry Dean. I don’t even remember what I was so upset about. I shouldn't have yelled.”
"It's not about 'God', Dean. It's about love, and truth. And family." Cas had stated with an air of definitive certainty.
Without missing a beat, the young woman stands, sticking her hand out for a shake.
is the third most beautiful moment of his entire life.
“When I came back… once I could think clearly again, I was
“I love you, Dean” and lifts the back of Dean’s hand to his mouth, kissing it before bringing it back down to now rest on his own thigh. He turns his head towards the front of the sanctuary to listen to the duration of the piano’s charming, lighthearted tinkle. This is just the beginning.
They make themselves presentable again, re-tucking-in shirts and smoothing down collars. Dean runs his hands through Cas’s hair, having his way with the midnight whirlwind. Cas fiddles with his phone for a few minutes, scrolling through tumblr and flipping the screen for Dean to see while he wills his dick to chill out enough that they can leave. Then it’s almost like nothing even happened.
“This morning, the reading I have prepared comes from Elizabeth V. Spelman's work called 'Selection From Repair: The Impulse to Restore in a Fragile World'.
"There’s no need for apologies."
uncertain of what being responsible for this body would entail." He looks at his hands, mouth sticky and dry.
He surprises himself, saying it outloud, because he’s suddenly aware of just how far along he is and realizes this is
The light of hope here shines upon each face.
They walk hand in hand up the steps and are greeted at the door by one of the regular Lay-Pastoral-Care Givers, Connie.  They aren't early, so they head right up the sanctuary, taking the stairs to the left. Dean
“Well?” Deanna demands. “Where the hell is it?”
Dean approaches him. “I know. I look fantastic, right?”
And, well. If his foot bumps against Cas’ underneath the kitchen table a few times, and Castiel nudges back... and when Cas shepherds him out of the kitchen, flicking off the lights, maybe something about the dim lighting gives Dean the nerve to touch Cas’ hand.
“Bobby, whatever this is, whatever it wants, it's after me. That much we know, right?” Dean implores. “I've got no place to hide. I can either get caught with my pants down again, or we can make our stand.”
Bobby looks up from his desk, where he’d been poring over—something, she can’t quite remember, though she knows he’d mentioned it over breakfast. Bobby’s eyebrows raise, before he bluntly says, “Cas. What’re you doin’ here? Thought you’d be enjoying Heaven, or whatever it is you angels do when you’re not jumpstarting the Apocalypse.”
Balthazar looks at her, and smirks slightly. “Nothing for you to worry about, dear. Now. Let’s go find me—er, us—a weapon capable of killing an archangel, shall we?”
“No,” the waiter replies, “but I think you do.” His eyes flick to black. Dean glances around and confirms that the other people in the restaurant—the hostess, the other lone customer, and the line cook—are all demons as well, before the waiter addresses him, saying, “Dean. To Hell and back. Aren't you a lucky duck?”
“We'll find him,” Castiel states, then presses his fingers to the kid’s forehead. Aaron falls unconscious immediately.
“No,” Deanna says, as Castiel states, “Yes.”
“Oh, well, yeah, then by all means, stick your arm right in there,” the hunter sarcastically responds.
“Then what’s the hold up? I can fend for myself for two days, Cas, I’ve done it before,” she says, bemused by the angel’s reluctance.
read, bitch. Again, I ask: why me? Why do I gotta be Orpheus?”
“She was your—friend, before, I thought? It was my interference that ultimately led to her betrayal.”
Right. Dean. Castiel sighs, the reality of the situation creeping back in. He takes flight again, leaving Anna Milton behind as she fumbles in her backpack for some headache medicine to block out the voices of her past.
.” One squeeze.
“I’d have to disagree,” a new voice says.
brother
Dean wheels to face him. “
We are good people
Raphael stops, seemingly enjoying playing with his food. “Yes? Do you have any last words?”
Wait.
Wait. “Wait,” Dean interjects before Sam and Jack get further into the discussion. “How come I’m the one who’d go? Why not you, or—or Jack, why…” He trails off at the look of
“You’re—you’re dead! Lucifer killed you!”
Dean, like an idiot, promptly chokes, peanut butter gluing his mouth closed.
“Hello, Deanna,” the angel responds, making note of his page in the book before setting it down on the bedside table.
“He'll rest now,” the angel says.
“Right now you better worry about me,” Bobby threatens.
“Yeah, Dee?”
,” Dean stretches the word out and seems to roll the next ones around before speaking: “My brother’s problem is that he’s guzzling demon blood on his psycho revenge mission.”
“No catch, I swear to Dad.” He crosses his fingers in an x over his heart. “But wait: there’s more! You see, that’s what
He decides to leave Ruby’s knife behind, electing to take a spare angel blade and his trusty Colt. Dean figures he won’t need much else, but Sam hands him a water bottle and—ew—a granola bar. He makes a face, and Sam laughs. “Sure hope it doesn’t come down to me having to eat this shit,” Dean grumbles, tossing it in his duffel nonetheless.
She creeps towards it, flinching at every grunt and thud coming from the other room. Deanna descends the stairs into the darkness of the basement and comes face to face with that
Deanna sighs. “Cas. A little warning, next time?”
Dean sighs. Of course it is. No way was getting
The Entity laughs. “Oh, Dean. Haven’t you ever read the tragedy of Orpheus and his dead love?”
Chapter title is from Snow and Dirty Rain by Richard Siken.
Deanna snorts. “You can admit that you’re losing hope, man. We’re all going stir crazy here. It’ll be a miracle if we don’t end up killing each other before Raphael has a chance to make his move.”
You can find me on tumblr
“Oh, he's alive. Far as I know.”
Castiel nods, torn between dropping his gaze to the ground in shame and needing to reassure himself that Dean is here with him, that this is the Dean who caused him to rebel, who fought alongside him against fate and destiny, who he betrayed in countless ways with his lies, who he didn't realize was his family until far too late.
Recognizable dialogue comes from the episodes 6.03 The Third Man and 4.22 Lucifer Rising; chapter title comes from In My Time of Dying by Led Zeppelin.
“It’s not my fault you can’t control your domain.”
But only if you’re not going to repeat everything I say.” He turns to Castiel, who had apparently been staring at her as she’d spun her story to Balthazar, and says, “I understand now.”
is.” He tilts his head back towards Cas, who has been watching the exchange unfold silently. Dick's smile stutters on his face before fixing itself into more of a grimace. “See, here's the thing when dealing with Crowley: he will
A rustle of wings, and then, “Balthazar. Thanks, Castiel. We'll make good use of the name.”
“I thought you didn’t like—” he cuts off, seemingly searching for the words, “‘chick flick moments.’”
Cas’ smile grows brighter, wider, his eyes crinkling with fondness and—love. So much love it threatens to overwhelm Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Officer Colfax?” Castiel tries.
Dean is looking at Castiel in a way that's hard for the angel to describe. Disbelief, anger, fondness, grief, something unfathomable and with a depth that frankly astonishes Castiel visibly war for prominence on Dean's face. His expression eventually settles on determination, and he says, “Listen to me, Cas, 'cause I'm only gonna say this once.” Castiel's eyes haven't left Dean's, but he nods once, all of his attention fixed upon the hunter. “I can't say I forgive you, okay? But being back here, remembering all the lies Sammy and me lived with for so long… it's giving me some perspective, all right? I meant what I said before in that lab: there's a lot of bad water under the bridge, but we're family. So I might not forgive you, man—not yet, for sure, and maybe not ever—but you're stuck with me. We're in this together.” A shiver runs down Castiel's borrowed spine at the sight of Dean's eyes, and he wonders if Dean knows how they shine with his devotion. “So,” Dean continues, “I plan on rightin' some wrongs this go around, whether we were put here for—for penance, for another reason, for
“How long?” she breathes, almost afraid to hear the answer.
“I understand. You did what you had to,” she says, swallowing the words,
whispers a voice in the back of her head. She violently smothers the stupid voice before it makes any more useless comments. “Sorry. I’m being a bitch, I just—” she breaks off, glancing around the room as if the answer lies in the faded wallpaper. “I don’t know. I don’t even know. Sammy’s gone, and now you’re here telling me that he could have sacrificed himself for nothing? Doesn’t feel great, man.”
“Their past. Their past mistakes, to be more precise.”
“We have to find Balthazar before Raphael’s forces do.”
“‘Kay. See ya,” Deanna had mumbled, then sprawled onto her stomach when Cas disappeared in a flutter of wings, but not before pressing a kiss to the crown of her head.
“Wait, you—you're saying your nukes are loose?”
“Fuck,” Dean says, voice cracking. He turns away from Castiel for a moment, scrubbing a hand over his face, before facing the angel. “You—remember, then?”
Hold onto your voice. Hold onto your breath. Don’t make a noise,
Dean grimaces. “That’s the second time I’ve been asked that today.”
of the gravel beneath Dean’s boots, already expecting his friend’s arrival after his his fleeting prayer earlier:
I'll be updating this as I write the chapters from now on! They're plotted out, just need to be written down. I'd say expect a new chapter in about a month, but who knows? Maybe the muse will strike sooner.
“So, now?” Garth chimes in, just as Rufus comes in from outside.
“Aaron. Aaron Birch.”
“No. I told him exactly how I felt.”
“If the angel we seek truly bought this boy's soul, when a claim is laid on a living soul, it leaves a mark, a brand.”
It begins to read the words scrawled on the page before letting out a laugh. Dean’s eyes cut to Castiel, only to find the angel already staring at him, lips parted in shock and what looks like—huh. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d say
“In this economy?” the angel responds. “It's probably the only thing worth buying. Do you have any idea what souls are worth? What power they hold? Now... release me.”
“That's what I've been trying to tell you.”
Shit. Dean’s turned into
See, this is what Dean had hoped to avoid by not telling either of them about Cas’ last words. He didn’t want the—the
“Officer Colfax—” Deanna begins.
She huffs. “Touché.” They’re all quiet for a minute, before she continues, “So, what are we gonna do about this?”
He takes another swig of whiskey.
she thinks.
“What do you remember?” Bobby asks.
“See what, exactly?” Deanna impatiently asks.
“Don’t blaspheme,” Crowley chides. The hunter rolls her eyes. “I dropped it off at a friend’s house, not too long ago.”
Castiel lowers the fire, and Balthazar doesn’t disappear with a flutter of wings.
“You’re lying,” Castiel, faster than Deanna can blink, is behind Crowley with his angel blade pressed against the demon’s throat. “What do you know?”
“Dean, what are you
Castiel sits. “Because you don’t eat them.”
Deanna and Bobby go to join Cas, Balthazar, and Rachel where they’re standing slightly apart from the others.
She nods, and Bobby sits behind the desk again, taking a sip of whisky and gesturing for her to take a look. She rounds the corner of the desk as well, and peers over his shoulder. “What’s that?”
not yet, not until after the first time they trapped the angel in a ring of holy fire, not until he sat across from him and played
“See, you said your happiness was something you couldn’t have. Now, listen to me very closely, Cas, ‘cause I want to make sure this is perfectly clear: you can have it. You—” Come on, Winchester,
Dean swallows and says, “Yeah, thanks for that.” He doesn't bother going for Ruby's knife, but Bobby does; he plunges it into Cas' chest, and looks almost offended when it does nothing. Cas pulls the knife out and places it on the table; Bobby doesn't get a chance to comment on this sequence of events, because Cas touches two fingers to the older hunter's forehead and he goes down like a lead balloon, like the first time.
His head spins and aches, thoughts flung dizzily about this way and that, incomplete and incoherent, fragments of questions—what? why?
“Sorry,” she sheepishly replies. “Anyway, we were getting our asses kicked, so you shoved me into another room. I noticed a door open by itself, so I went in. It led to the basement, and that’s when Gabriel showed up.”
“Huh,” is all Bobby has to say when Castiel and Deanna reappear in the kitchen and relay the information they’d received from Crowley.
The King of Hell raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t disappear, so Deanna continues.
The next day, they head into town to see if they can sniff out the demons. Dean's exhausted; he'd spent most of the night awake, trying to pin down the timeline. He's already changed things, like taking Pamela out of the equation and avoiding Johnny Mac's diner, but Dean has a feeling they'll run into those demons—or others—sooner rather than later. If he's being honest, though, Dean dedicated most of those sleepless hours to thinking about Cas.
encounter angels, maybe they, uh, embellished the size and power of Michael’s stick, if you know what I mean.”
Dean takes in his little brother, hair wet from the shower and eyes wide from the shock, and swallows down all of the feelings running through him at the moment. He'd nearly forgotten the sting of this betrayal in light of everything that went down with Cas and his lies the past year. There will be time for it later, he knows, time to hash all of their shit out—him, and Sam, and Cas.
“Why’re you buying up human souls, anyway?” Deanna wonders.
Turns out Heaven has a prison; after meeting so many angels, Deanna can’t say she’s surprised.
“Blood, boils, and locusts—” Castiel begins.
“I believe,” a voice from behind them says, “those are mine.”
Castiel turns towards her, brow furrowing slightly in confusion. “‘We’?”
Deanna sees red.
“Bingo! Got it in one,” Gabriel exclaims, then claps his hands together. “Now, I’m off, so be good, kids. Cas, feel free to pop upstairs anytime you’d like, though I’d understand if you wanna stay down here for a bit.” He smirks, and wiggles his eyebrows.
“You two done? Or can I state the terms?” The Entity sounds annoyed. Dean and Castiel both turn to look at it, and Meg’s hands clap together again. “All right! Here’s the deal: you two walk out of here, not a hair on your heads harmed,
“Hey, what the hell?” Dean says, trying to muster up some gumption and indignation, more for Jack’s sake than his own, if he’s being honest.
her brain reminds her.
Tentatively, Deanna verbally prods, “Ed?”
Castiel remembers their encounter was in the kitchen last time, but this time they stand under a blanket of stars, surrounded by rusted cars.
Dean leans forward and slaps him once, then again. He thinks Sam isn't even breathing. But just like last time, the demon does nothing but glare at them, looking more and more nervous.
Dean swallows, looks at Cas who nods his agreement, before saying, “You’re on.”
, or his soft snoring as he dozed with his face mashed into the window on the passenger’s side—no, his side. Ever since she dragged him back into the hunting world, the right side of the Impala belonged to him. Unbidden, the last moments she’d had with her brother in the car that’s been more of a home to her—them—than any place since the house in Lawrence spring to mind.
They let a few more minutes pass without saying anything. Castiel, for one, is soaking up the feeling of being near Dean, allowing himself to relax fractionally when so close to the bright-burning soul of Dean Winchester.
“Why’d you cut the crusts off?”
a different voice, one that sounds suspiciously like Sammy, says,
Now, how to steal a weapon from the hands of a Prince of Hell?
“Hello, Deanna.”
, and there’s nothing he would or wouldn’t want because he’s
Deanna had headed upstairs sometime later, exhausted from the interrogation and still hurting from the lamia situation. She must’ve crashed, hard, since when she wakes up, it’s to a twilit room, and Bobby shaking her awake. “Whazzit?” she says fuzzily. How many hours had she been out?
“Right,” Deanna states. “Look, Officer Colfax—Ed. We think that your partner died of unnatural causes.”
They kiss, and kiss, and
“Dreams?” Sam’s interest clearly has been piqued, and he’s in full-on nerd mode now. “What do they dream about?”
Maybe it's not too late.
“I can’t bring him back. I would, but…” Jack trails off, searching for the right words. “I can’t bring him back. Not without help.”
Castiel shifts on his feet, a starkly human motion, before saying, “I’ve been thinking that perhaps it would be prudent to recruit other angels to our… cause. I can think of a few who might be sympathetic to our plight—Rachel, Inias, and Hester, to begin. Maybe more.”
Dean’s crestfallen look is quickly masked by more of what Castiel can now see is false cheer. His friend is strung tight as a wire, eyes nervously darting to Sam whenever Dean thinks his brother isn’t looking. Castiel sighs and settles in to wait for a moment alone with Dean.
“They're scared. Okay? Scared of whatever had the juice to yank me out. We're dealing with a bad mofo here. One job at a time.” By the time Dean makes that proclamation, they've made it back to the Impala and are in their respective seats. Dean tells Sam to call Bobby and inform him they've found the demons and to meet them back at the motel to regroup. Sam does as he's told without complaint, but the muscle jumping in his jaw suggests he's not thrilled with the current plan of action.
“Like Azazel?” Deanna asks, dreading the response.
“Cas.”
“At this point, Chuck thinks he’s gonna die. He asks us if this was in his death book, which is when we reveal our master plan or whatever. Chuck is literally on the ground, eating dirt, but the sick bastard sounds excited by the prospect that we’d be the ones to kill him.” Dean falls silent for long enough that his hand gets squeezed once; a question. Dean clears his throat, trying to figure out how to word this next part.
Deanna stands, stretching, anticipating her back to crack out a protest before remembering Cas had mojo’d the day’s tensions from her. She yawns. “Well, I’m gonna hit the hay. We’ll figure it out tomorrow,” she says, internally doubting they’ll ‘figure it out’, period, but unwilling to say how hopeless the venture they’d embarked upon truly was. “Night, Bobby. Night, Cas.”
“Whoa,” Deanna says. “Lookin’ sharp, Kojak.”
“But seriously,” she pauses to drain the rest of the cup, before setting it aside. “You feeling okay?”
She parks Baby, grabs her duffle bag from the back, patting the car on the hood as she heads towards the steps to Bobby’s front door, bounding up the stairs and rustling for her key. The door swings open before she gets a chance to find it, and Bobby pulls her into the house.
“Michael’s got a—a spear, or somethin’. I’m still working on finding the name, but once we do, maybe we can use it.”
“Well?” the angel asks impatiently. “Are we doing this or not? I’ve got places to be.”
“Well, the angels I’ve met have either been blindly faithful to their cause or only... interested in themselves. I’m guessing you belong to the second group.”
“Dean, come on.” His annoying brother says in an annoying tone of voice. Dean is annoyed. “I know you’re not great with mythology, but Orpheus and Eurydice is a story about—”
“You might say that,” the officer answers.
Dean can feel an embarrassing flush working its way up his neck, and he clears his throat.
“What are you two up to?” Sam inquires, eyes flicking between the bottle of whiskey and Dean’s eyes, as if to check the level of sobriety Dean’s got going on. He’s about to sneer at Sam’s mother henning before realizing a) that’d be hypocritical and b) it’s probably not the first time Sam’s had to gauge his lack of teetotalism in recent weeks.
She’s musing on the fact she’s basically Luke Skywalker, but way more awesome since she has two hands when she hears the telltale flutter of wings that usually precedes—
After securing a promise from Balthazar to meet in Sioux Falls in two days time, the angel vanishes with a rustle of wings. Castiel gathers the jug of holy oil, and then the angel zaps the two of them back to the motel in Easter. Deanna immediately goes to her bag, still on the counter from earlier. Aaron is gone; Deanna tries hard not to wonder what exactly happened, as there’s no sign of police presence.
“Born ready,” she responds, keeping the phone pressed to her ear with one hand and her lighter gripped in the other.
Castiel doesn’t respond, just looks down at his hands in his lap. Deanna nudges him again before he goes into a full-on brooding session, surly and hopeless and unresponsive and despondent and everything Deanna hates to see in him.
” Dean snarls, already on a hair trigger. “No, you see, Cas wouldn’t do anything. Because he’s gone. He’s
“Yes,” Castiel replies. “I think it is.”
It’s silent. Utterly, completely silent. The only things Dean can hear are his own breathing and his heartbeat loud in his ears.
Castiel can only shake his head again. “At first I suspected this was my Father's punishment for my crimes, but I don't believe He'd be so cruel as to make you live through my penance.”
The two angels fight in the room until they both lose their blades. They grapple with each other, until with a
“He took off earlier, said he was gonna rally the troops or somethin’. Think he’s hoping we can get this show on the road sooner rather than later.”
“You got a better idea?”
“Well, I don’t usually get what I ‘deserve’, so.”
Bobby sighs. “That’s a big ‘if’, girl.”
“From what?”
“My soul.”
Meg’s face smiles sweetly at them. “Good. Any last words, Clarence?”
“Yeah. That.”
Deanna surprises herself by actually laughing, albeit quietly, at how foreign the phrase sounds coming from his mouth. “Well,” she begins, knocking her shoulder purposefully against his once, then twice, before settling closer until they’re pressed together shoulder to feet. “I’ll make an exception just this once. For you.”
“One day I’d like to fly in an airplane,” Castiel says, jolting Deanna back to the present. She shudders.
She sighs, and pats the bed next to her. Castiel sits down gingerly. They’re both quiet, parsing out their thoughts.
“So, what’d I miss?” Sam asks, raising an eyebrow when he sees their faces blanch. “What, that bad?”
he’d said. So, she’d spent a few minutes getting used to pulling it out of the base of her neck, which is thankfully less painful than the process of putting it in the first time. She’d subsequently spent a few hours sparring with other hunters that were proficient with knives, taking care not too whack them too hard with the angelic weapon, trying to get used to fighting with something almost as tall as her. For whatever reason, whether it was the fact that Deanna was supposed to be Michael’s vessel or that the damn thing was melded with her soul, she had found it easy to wield, twirling it like an extension of herself. After knowing that, at the very least, she’d be able to handle it, she’d surrendered the Colt to Bobby.
Gabriel sighs. “In quite the pickle, aren’t we?” He walks forward, stepping around Deanna, and lifts the painting from the wall to reveal—
“Done. Catch you later.” Dean hangs up and turns to face Bobby.
They’re still standing in the sigil-covered barn, Bobby crumpled on the floor but sleeping peacefully. Castiel considers him, before snapping his eyes back onto Dean. “You don’t think it wise to inform Sam and Bobby?” he asks.
“Before the Apocalypse, Heaven may have been corrupt, but it was stable. The Staff was safely contained.” Castiel sighs. “Like I said, it's been chaos up there. In that confusion, a number of... powerful weapons were... stolen.”
The Entity arches a brow. “You sure? It is a long way home, Dean. A long way back. Doubt has a way of creeping in, you know?” Dean ignores the words. Sighing, it turns to Cas. “Castiel. I release you from our prior agreement. If you make it out of here, you’re never obligated to come back, and I won’t come collect you upon any future deaths.”
“So,” the archangel says. “I wanna propose a trade.”
“I know I never told you what happened. Between me and Cas, right before he was—taken.” Sam nods in acknowledgement, so Dean continues: “I—can’t, not yet. If we get Cas back, I’ll tell you. Or—you’ll know. If not… well. Yeah.”
she’d been leafing through. “Hunters didn’t even know angels existed until you pulled me out of Hell, man, why would there be any mention of something that could kill one of ‘em in any of the lore?”
The diner Sam and Dean eat at is a real place, called the
Another beat of silence.
Within half an hour, she and Castiel are on the road to Easter, Pennsylvania. Deanna nods down at the files sitting between them, and says, “Well, go on.” Castiel just looks at her, so she prompts, “Read me what’s so important that Bobby sent us hunting monsters instead of hunting weapons.”
“Well, while you and Feathers were on your egg hunt, I found somethin’.”
Cas’ fingers twine with his, and the world is quiet.
Dean smiles, razor-sharp. “That's me.”
Dean's mouth is very dry, all of the sudden, and he swallows, then rasps, “Cas?”
“You really think having a face to face is a good idea?” Sam questions. “After what you told me about the grave site, that—that
reverberates through the house, followed by a roar of anger. Deanna flinches.
She meanders her way over to the Impala, and slides in the driver’s seat. She pulls out of Singer Salvage Yard and drives until she finds a park, utterly empty and quiet at this time of night. She parks Baby, grabs one of the beers she’d pilfered from Bobby’s fridge, then hops up on the hood of the car and pops the top off of the bottle. Deanna takes a few sips, reflecting on the day.
life, forging his own path… one with Cas by his side. All of Chuck’s machinations, everything the Winchesters have collectively been through, might end with Dean choosing
Cas steps away from them, and turning his face to the sky, shouts, “I'm here, Raphael. Come and get me, you little bastard.”
Deanna manages to avoid Castiel for the rest of the day, slinking into the kitchen in the early evening for a beer and to scrounge up some dinner; she’d spent all day underneath a 1974 Dodge Charger, and she’s starving. As she’s eating, she opens her phone and checks the picture of the tattoo Castiel had taken; it’s slightly blurry, but Deanna can make out the delicate black lines of a pair of wings, the feathers curved down towards her spine, as if they’re at rest. She powers her phone down, sighing.
“But… how did you bust out?”
Castiel nudges Deanna, then flicks his eyes towards the blood that’s dribbling from under the officer’s hat. Deanna puts out a hand to block Castiel from approaching Ed, and says, “Uh, you, uh... you got a little something…” Ed touches his finger to the trail of blood. “...yeah.”
“I’ve wanted you as long as I’ve known
“So you don’t wanna give us the weapons you stole, fine. But what if helping us meant helping yourself?” Deanna licks her lips nervously. “Sure, you can go back into hiding, having orgies and hoarding your possessions, like some—some dragon, or whatever. But if you help us find a weapon, not one you already have, but another one—one that could kill or seriously hurt an archangel—then you don’t have to throw your sex parties in some remote corner of the globe. You could have ‘em anywhere, without having to be looking over your shoulder for your dick brother to come and smite you, or whatever.” She pauses. “And you’d bag yourself another sick weapon for your stash. So. Net positives, right?”
“You can't be serious!”
Shock flits over Cas’ face. “Why? Why would you do that?”
“They scare me,” Deanna admits.
Dean hadn't remembered how good of an actor each of them were, but they sure had him fooled the first time around. He tamps down his anger as Ruby says, “Uh, got it. I guess.” There's an awkward pause. “Look, I should probably go.”
He releases her hand immediately, and follows her into the house, the porch door rattling closed behind them.
“As I predicted, the unrest in Heaven is great. The archangel Raphael is assembling forces and has plans to bring about the Apocalypse and rule Heaven.”
“No, you won't,” Dean asserts.
“Wait!” Deanna says, getting to her feet. “What about Sam?”
Dean’s brain shuts down, but as it reboots he croaks out, “What?”
The demon regards Dean as if he's a particularly annoying bug that needs swatting. “Lying's a sin, you know.”
The naked hope in Dean’s eyes cuts through something within Castiel. “Perhaps,” he allows, not willing to say one way or another. He is, at least, able to give Dean what he hopes is somewhat of a comfort: “Regardless, we’ll do this together.”
Castiel has believed himself to be impervious to most surprises, but the shortening of his name catches him off guard. He examines Dean Winchester closely and finds he looks the same—body and soul—as he did the first time they met, but the recognition in his eyes is definitely not the same.
Castiel is dismayed to push back on this point—one that he knows to be a sensitive one for Dean—but, ignoring the twisting in his stomach, he tentatively reminds his friend of a very important fact. “Dean, the Apocalypse is already in motion. Despite our best efforts, we may well be on the same path as last time. After all,” Castiel hesitates, but pushes through his discomfort. “After all, the first seal has been broken.”
“What of the lance?”
“Don't you think the police will take him home?” Castiel states, more than asks, and has already lifted two fingers to whisk them away once again.
“What?” Sam asks him, with no small amount of suspicion.
The blonde angel throws his hands up, exclaiming, “It’s not like I have any other choice, do I?” He gestures towards the flames.
“I don’t want to abandon you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s gone.”
“Lemme guess: it was Professor Plum in the kitchen, with a candlestick.” Bobby only glares at her, so Deanna relents, and says, “Okay, I’ll bite. What’s the deal?”
She winces, feeling guilty as soon as the words, laced with a bit more venom than intended, are out of her mouth, but she holds his stare as he tilts his head to the side, from where he’s seated next to her on the porch. Absentmindedly, she wonders, not for the first time, where exactly he picked up that particular gesture.
Deanna and Castiel exchange looks. As she goes for her lockpicking tools, Castiel raises a hand and blasts the door open.
“You good, man?”
“Of course.”
Bobby sets the bones alight again; the demon screams. Bobby lowers the flame thrower.
Dean privately thinks, then finally meets Cas' eyes.
“Well,” Deanna says, “We've got the weapon, so that leaves motive. I think I can help with that.” She gestures at the laptop. “A kid named Christopher Birch was shot in the head last month after a vehicle pursuit. Hatch, Gray, and Colfax were the three officers involved, and they all filed the exact same police report: ‘Suspect exited vehicle brandishing a firearm. We were forced to fire.’ Colfax was talking about ‘a kid with no face and a planted gun.’” She scoffs. “Bunch of dicks. They popped the kid and planted the piece.”
Heart drumming against her ribcage, Deanna slowly walks over to Cas. She drapes her jacket over the chair, kicks off her boots and jeans, and shrugs off her flannel before crawling into bed atop the angel, legs on either side of his hips. They stare at each other for a few moments, and Deanna can see the awe she’s feeling over the fact they’re
It's the same abandoned barn they arrive at and subsequently scribble all over. Dean finishes laying out their gear on one table despite knowing it won't do them a lick of good, and knowing it won't need to. He glances over at where Bobby is completing a complicated squiggle of a sigil. “That's a hell of an art project you've got going there.”
"Ready?" He says smiling, waggling his eyebrows at Dean playfully.
"Two beers please, for me and my partner."
May it bring faith to guide our journey home.
He squeezes Dean’s hand, and Dean squeezes back.
"I see you," he says firmly, quietly, against the side of Cas's head. "However you feel, whatever your gender - or, or lack of - I love you. Just tell me what you need from me."
Dean’s 42nd birthday. Happy birthday, beautiful.
He remembers that time in 2015 when he sat in the confessional, raw and nervous, exposed… all the things he was so desperate to say and experience. It's overwhelming, so
Dean nods, “What’s up, baby?”
elevated by the slight step behind the podium that is unseen by the collective. The embodiment of
“Me too. What’s your favorite part?”
“From my knowledge of children I can attest that yes, they are. Often, even more so.”
playing in front of them on Dean's laptop.
So he reads the program again
-ing of the keys wash away any nagging thoughts hitching a ride. The asshole drivers of downtown that
To seek knowledge in freedom,
To serve human need,
, because even that much sugar is ludicrous at this hour —Jack flops onto his back, grabbing at Castiel’s hand and resting it on his small chest. He looks up at the sky, smiling as more and more stars start to twinkle in the dark.
It felt, well,
Dean was going to say it back on that horrid, heart shattering night in November. He was going to spill it all, become a raw vibrating nerve deconstructed at the feet of an angel but then… it all went to shit. But now Cas is back and they both have orders from Jack to accept that they're meant to be together and that they're not allowed to deny their love for each other anymore. Dean's never been happier to comply.
The greeting music ends, and there's the Reverend,
"Look, Dada-"
“This is our ‘healthy habit’” Cas says, air quotes and all.
The song in this chapter is “At Last” by Etta James
Blood stains. With jeans now ripped his knee weeps, the denim rough under his shaking hands. Dean finds him on the concrete, tears streaming down his face.
He smiles, knowing the lightness in conversation is appreciated.
A new day dawns, once more the gift is giv’n.
In the car on the way home, Cas pulls out his phone and declares he is playing a
2021 does in fact feel like a blessing. Cas is still not verticle a lot of the time, struggling under the new weight of having a human soul shoved into an unprepared body with billions of years of angel memories already kicking around inside. He's highly sensitive to every taste and sound and smell and touch, but Dean is medicine. Today is his 42nd birthday.
Cas is still surprised, if only mildly, that Dean really does enjoy the Unitarian Church services. It was something they had bickered about for about a month. Why in the hell would Dean or Cas willingly
"He's not lying" Cas says, having overheard their breif exchange. Looking to Dean admiringly, and then playfully at Erin, bending down a little as to even out the playing field as much as he can without kneeling.
when Janet responds to Jason by saying she's 'not a girl'? That's - that's what it's like for me too."
And service is its prayer.
And thinks that as long as Cas is with him, his soul is already on its way to growing into harmony with the divine.
" Cas says
He squeezes the hand that rests on his knee and looks across into bright, soft, admiring, blue eyes
"I’m hoping I can share some of my recent thoughts with you…” Cas looks out down the hill, and further, to where miles and miles of fields stretch on. He’s a little nervous.
This is something he never imagined.
, then his soul is already well on its way to growing into harmony with the divine.
Getting to the church early is soothing to both of their nerves.
“As long as the parents of his little friends at school don’t notice that the shit he talks about is true, then everything is good,” Dean mutters, already annoyed at the thought of having to explain why their son knows every single star in the universe by name.
of his own creation.
“My mommy is gay too!” She blurts out, then giggles and hides.
"I knew there was another reason I love Janet so much. It’s not only because she’s hot, though, you do have that in common with her too.” He makes a face of mock realization, teasing, and his chest vibrates as he laughs lowly. Cas laughs too, squeezing the hand that is united with Dean's.
it's cheesy stuff, but they both know he likes it. He sings the chorus obnoxiously until Dean joins him, which of course he always does.
"Anyway, I know a poet when I see one. I hope you'll use it."
to find his nipple through the layers of dress-shirt and snug binder.
"Over a lifetime of being told my motives are wrong, my feelings are wrong, that m-my love is wrong. Living, it-it didn't, it didn't mean what it means to me now, being my own person. I knew as an angel that the only ties to human sexuality  gender I had were Jimmy. A cisgender, heterosexual man. But an angel isn't ‘a man’, or ‘a woman'. Dean sees him fight the urge to use air quotes.
Cas hands it to him and leans down for a kiss on the lips this time, then crawls over to his side of the bed and prepares their morning greens. Cas loves that he has learned (in some cases re-learned) to do such intricate things with his hands. Rolling a joint, signing a bit of ASL, sowing seeds into the earth, typing on the tiny phone screen….
“Dean, what does it feel like to have a heart attack?”
between god
You changed
The rubber treads of his high tops plunk softly through the entryway and down the stairs when he returns.
He takes a deep breath, and letting it
Three hours and 40 minutes later, Jack quickly makes his way down the hall and flings himself on top of the fluffy blue duvet that's half falling off his Dada and Pappa's bed. He has to jump to get a leg up and pushes himself the rest of the way up with a little help from one of the many storage totes underneath the wooden frame. He crawls right between the two sleeping bodies and wiggles under the covers.
"Do you want to talk about it?" He says between looking at Dean and sealing the brown paper with his tongue.
"I like you guys…" Anji says, eyes flitting between Dean in his Henley and Castiel's worn wool sweater.
I found the song through an online order of service from July, from the UU church I go to.
Music is something he finds much more agreeable now that he is human, and live music? With singing and a grand piano? It’s spectacular, better than "angelic".
"c'mon. Time to make more new friends. I promise to only introduce you to cool people."
"Oatmeal will be ready in two minutes."
The song up in this chapter is “Thank You” by Led Zeppelin
Dean hums and smiles against the wild coffee waves of Cas’s hair, just above his ear. Cas wraps his arms under Dean’s and rests his hands across the tops of Dean’s shoulders, nuzzling into the crook of his neck.
Cas laughs softly and continues to ask Jack about what other things he may know at this point in time. But Dean just watches. Listens. He doesn’t know about all this woo-woo star stuff. Hearing about it from two of the most important people in his life makes him weak in the sweetest way.  Jack and Cas seem so sure of a bigger picture, a master plan that for once isn’t dominated by Chuck. God is a four-year-old kid who demands hugs and kisses, snuggle piles by the fire, and holding hands during walks down the road. He cries when someone is mad and brings you handwritten “notes” (that are just scribbles and random letters) when you’re feeling down, and loudly sings any song stuck in his head no matter the time or place.
“They even have his eyes,” the King of Hell smirks, before his own turn flinty. “Now,
“Not much at that point. He cracked a safe hidden behind a painting, and guess what was inside?” She pauses for dramatic effect. Castiel just looks at her. Deanna sighs, then reveals, “The Colt, man. The freaking Colt! So I run upstairs and pop one into Ramiel’s back.” She leans back in her chair with what she knows is a smug smile on her face. “Princes of Hell, zero. Deanna Winchester, two.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Deanna scowls. “Fuck off, old man.”
“Damn,” Colfax says. “My head's been itching like a dirty jock.” With that, he falls forward, his face landing on the broken glass of the picture frame.
“I suppose I felt… guilt, dragging you back into a Heavenly issue. I wanted to give you some time.”
“You might say that,” the angel answers. “It doesn’t appear to be damaging your soul, however, and some soul magicks will do just that. I suppose the lance would have drawn upon Michael’s Grace when he wielded it.” The last bit is said in an undertone, Castiel musing aloud.
It’s devoid of life, of light; it’s Empty.
“Then you’ve got nothing to worry about, right?” Deanna asks, flashing a mirthless smile.
It’s not a dick or his face; it’s much worse.
Deanna exchanges a glance with Bobby, who rolls his eyes. “O-kay,” she drawls. “Would killing him stop his, uh, followers from going ahead with his scheme?”
; too much has passed between the Winchesters and himself that Castiel doesn’t find the memory of Sam’s circumstances cropping up in his day to day life on this Earth. Sam is just… Sam. An ally. A friend. A brother.
“Yeah?”
“So, Dick explodes all over both of us and we get sent back in time?” Dean asks, a note of incredulity creeping into his voice.
- doesn’t want me, the town doesn’t want me.” He feels like crying again, but kicking the table twice seems like the action of a crazed man. He clenches his fists, jagged nails digging into his palm to keep the tears at bay.
Mary is good, but Dean knows when she is lying. After all, he’d spent the last two years all but locked up in the same flat with her and her untruths.
Dean licks at the empty air, eyes closed and trembling slightly, whining discontentedly at the loss.
“My ship leaves tomorrow at noon. You may visit when you stop wearing mom’s clothes and learn to celebrate the life you’ve been given. Until then, I’ll be sending money weekly on the promise that you stay here in London.” He procures a slip of paper with his new address written across the top and passes it to Dean before gathering him into a tight, quick hug.
Jack lights up, happy to be Anna’s helper for the day. He dutifully mixes the nuts and sugar and molasses, only getting a little bit over the side of the bowl and on the table.
By Dean’s 18th birthday, John had given him his car, his jacket, his music, and all his bad habits. Alcohol softened all the sharp edges of the world, quieting the buzzing in his head for a few moments and numbing the constant adrenaline of hunting.
Especially tonight.
Cas gently passes Jack to Anna. She runs a finger across his face – over his nose, across his eyebrows, down to the almost-faded handprint across his cheek.
Dean was right – the townsfolk and Cas definitely had different ideas of what constituted a respectable sheriff. Not that they necessarily
“Cas? Cas, am I becoming my father?” It’s weak, and he feels another wave of nausea hit him. He sits on the couch and rests his head in his hands.
Dean remembers dad’s death – an electrical fire that burned their modest home to the ground. He remembers mom dressing him in all black, swaddling Sammy in a black crocheted blanket. He remembers her veil, long and lace-trimmed, brushing up against his face when she kisses him on the forehead.
“Could you make soup? Jack’s unwell.” He hates asking Dean to go out of his way, especially for a child he isn’t necessarily responsible for, but sometimes Cas thinks Dean
Tonight, Sam and Cas had both gone a touch feral, tearing at the shifter until it was well and truly dead beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Her veil sits at the back of her closet, dusty after all the years of not being worn. Dean wonders how it would feel to wear it, just for a moment. He wants so badly to feel her gentle hands again – the veil would surely give some semblance of that.
It’s 11pm. It’s 11pm and Dean is pacing the living room floor. He’s never paced before, but today has been a day of firsts – a
Goddamn it.
Cas kisses his cheek before returning upstairs to Jack, who has only gotten worse in his absence.
Dean smiles, gesturing to the pot of soup on the stove already, “He didn’t look well this afternoon when I made lunch. Here,” He ladles some broth into a bowl and hands it to Cas, “it’s my mother’s recipe; he should be feeling better before you know it.”
“Tell me about my mom?” He murmurs weakly, muffled by the fabric of his father’s shirt.
“Why are you here, Cas? What do you want from me?”
Sam corners him in the kitchen one day, “I’m leaving.”
He sits there, looking in the mirror for a while, trying to memorize Mary’s face.
you don’t want to stay another night? Positive?” Anna places her hands on Castiel’s shoulders and stares him down.
“Sure. Yeah. Yes. Yes please.”
The air feels heavy.
Dean wonders if this is the type of brilliant young man Benjamin would have grown into. He wonders if Kevin would ever want to go hunting with him. He never gets the chance to ask, because one week later, while Kevin is building the prototype handgun, it goes off untouched.
“Dad! Dee! Good morning!”
He slips it on and secures it.
Six months in, Lisa and Benjamin are in a carriage accident.
He’s halfway through sorting Mary’s dresses when he comes across a plain black gown trimmed in crepe. His fingers twitch, eager to run across the fabric. It’s made of soft, deep black fabric that reflects no light – one of her mourning dresses. Dean looks at it closely. He holds it up to himself.
Jack tugs at Anna’s skirt, not wanting to be left out of the hug.
There’s a gasp from the stairs.
Dean sighs; sighs again harder when he sees Cas’s eyes – impossibly blue, impossibly sincere – focused on his own. 16 years of raising Sammy and he’s still weak to puppy eyes. There’s just something about vulnerability and hope laid bare like that – it dares him to believe in a softer future.
who tells the kids old folk tales before bedtime. Every night, the kids gather near, wide-eyed, for the next installment of a story about the fae or a dispute between the gods. It was charming, watching her put her whole heart and soul into bringing the legends to life.
“You’re agitated. Were your gentlemen-”
, needs. He shifts, hops off the bed and moves to kneel on the floor, hoping Cas will give him what he wants without having to embarrass himself with saying it.
The wail Cas lets out can be heard three houses over.
Dean bites back a growl, stomping downstairs to go make breakfast.
Another lamp, the end table itself, knick-knacks on the coffee table that make him ache for a normal life. Nothing is enough. Maybe if he stomps down to the indoor range-
He’s answered by a sleepy sigh and a soft kiss to the center of his chest, “In the morning,” Dean agrees.
“You came home?” Dean asks blearily, reaching for Cas’s hand, “I thought –”
“And? I didn’t kill him; come back in the morning if you want to talk so bad.”
Dean has issues with Jack. They work themselves out in the end.
-.-.-
Jack is asleep by the time they reach Anna’s, so Cas gathers up their bags in one hand and his baby in the other, making his way up through her garden path and to her front door.
But no, that’s him. That’s Dean in front of the mirror but it’s also Mary and it makes his head spin.
At 25, the preacher at their neighborhood church is replaced with Charles, a man of slight build and curly hair. Charles brings with him a slew of children, ranging from adult to school-age. Dean attempts politeness, but Gabriel is known to put ink in parishioners’ after-service tea, Balthazar has an uncalled-for attitude the size of a factory, and Castiel won’t talk at all – will only stare unnervingly
Strong hands brush through Dean’s hair, tugging at the ends before smoothing out the discomfort with soft fingertips. He looks up at Cas through his eyelashes, silently begging for Cas’s blue eyes to ground him in comfortable familiarity. Cas has his eyes screwed shut in pleasure, and his mouth is moving in words Dean can’t quite make out through the haze of desire muddying up all of his senses. He redoubles his efforts, stopping only when Cas pulls his hair hard enough to push Dean back.
Dean is suddenly more grateful for the veil than he’s ever been. Heat itches behind his eyes. It was one thing to hear the young women of the town call him peculiar, but to hear his baby brother say it? And for Sammy to leave the country because of him? He feels like he’s been torn apart.
With two fingers on his forehead, Dean is out like a light – sent to a dreamless sleep free of the mirror that always reflected back images of John Winchester.
“Excuse me?” Dean sputters, suddenly seeing red. The audacity of this man, prying into Dean’s personal life like this, “it’s none of your damned business!”
to just let me die.”
Eugh, enough with the daydreams.
“Take it off. You’re not funny” Sam chides, reading out to touch the veil.
He goes into full mourning anyway, veil and all.
“My mother,” He admits.
Time moves slow and sticky like the saltwater taffy Sammy sends from Connecticut. It distorts like sound waves underwater, and Dean thinks that maybe he’s drowning until Cas drags his fingers over his back, over his tailbone towards his hole. Then, he knows he’s drowning. He’s gasping and moaning atop Cas. He tries to flip positions, give Cas the reins and just hold on. Cas holds him steady, thwarting his attempts to roll them both over.
“I’m appointing you.” And with that, Castiel stands, brushes aside Dean’s riding cloak and jacket and fastens a pin to the vest underneath. His hand stays for a heartbeat too long before retreating back.
He doubles over, vomiting across the coffee table.
“Apologies, I’ve overstepped a boundary,” Cas squints like he’s looking through Dean’s eyes and into his soul. “For the record, I don’t think any less of you for being a whore.”
When Cas decides he’s had enough prep, he moves his hands to Dean’s hips -- pressing his fingertips firmly into the skin there like he’s trying to brand it. Dean takes the hint, lining up carefully before luxuriating in the cinder-hot burn and stretch as he sinks down. The feeling makes his eyes roll back and his mouth drop open wantonly.
Dean salvages a button from his vest and requests that only one handgun be made to the promotional design specifications. It and the button both go on the shelf with Ben and Lisa’s shadowbox.
That evening, Jack wanders out to the garden to go find Cas.
“Far from it,” Dean grimaces, crossing over the threshold and sitting beside her, “We’re doing the best we can. For better or for worse, it’s out of our hands now.”
___________________________________________________
“At least I can talk to you like this. I can tell you I love you – I never told you that enough when you were here. I love you. I’m sorry for being a difficult kid. Thank you for, for everything I guess.”
There’s a god to thank somewhere for Mary’s slightly muscular build – honed from working at the firearms company in her youth and carrying the deadweight of a useless alcoholic husband in her adulthood. The dress fits Dean like the lace gloves he’s wearing. He flips the veil down over his eyes and chances another look in the mirror. It takes his breath away.
The last person Dean wants to see is the town deputy sitting on his porch swing like he owns the place. It’s late, horribly so, Dean is sore, and all he wants is a sponge bath and some sleep before he’s expected back at the saloon tomorrow afternoon.
“I’m sorry for your loss; you must have been close.”
At 21, freshly out of mourning, Dean begins courting a widow from across town. Her name is Elisabeth, but she insists on being called Lisa. She’s all sorts of pretty – tall and curvy with nice teeth and capable hands. Her son, Benjamin, takes to Dean quickly, desperate for a father figure in his life.
-----------------------------------------
-.-.-
-.-.-
Dean, moved solely by anger, takes two steps toward Jack, “Give it back!” When Jack holds the doll closer to his chest like a shield, Dean lashes out – open palm against Jack’s cheek. Jack drops the doll and curls up on the floor, holding his face.
Anna sighs, placing Jack down on the chaise and moving to hug Castiel tight, “I’m not our father, I’m not going to tell you what you should or shouldn’t do. I am going to tell you that my guest room is always available, and you are always welcome in my home.”
He pauses, claps a hand over his mouth, and suddenly feels nausea drip down his throat.
“As a matter of fact, we’re on our way to visit John. I haven’t been able to see him, since I’ve withdrawn from society to properly mourn him. Why, I haven’t left the house but for church services. I miss him more and more every day; cherish your husband while he’s still alive,” Mary’s voice is saccharine, but her grip on the boys’ hands was iron, “God be with you, Aggie.”
“Would you… I mean you don’t have to if you don’t want but… would you --” and this is so much easier when it’s a nameless nobody in Mesa.
Jack begins to cry, loud screeching sobs that echo off the walls. He clings to the one doll he still has clutched in his hand – Emma’s doll. Dean sees red; Emma was his girl, his little shadow, his precious angel. Her doll was meant to be a way to remember a girl nobody else would mourn, not to be a plaything for spoiled children.
“First time taking care of wee ones?” She asks, smiling.
After Kevin’s untimely death, Sam’s absence, and the mourning period after both, Dean begins volunteering at the local orphanage to clear his conscience. It’s run by a young Irish woman named Charlotte –
“While you’re out, can you get me a pound of flour? I’m sending a cake to Ms. Tran along with the mourning doll I’ve made from Kevin’s hair,” Dean calls, pulling out one of Mary’s cookbooks from the shelf by the icebox.
him. Cas wants
“Any money you have left over is yours to spend. Get something for your brother too. I’ll be at the cemetery when you’re done.” With a kiss on both their foreheads, she’s off, stopping to talk to everyone along the way.
Sheriff Dean Winchester throws the first punch before panic cuts through him like a bullet. Sheriff Dean Winchester picks flight for the first time since John Winchester died.
Cas is saying something, but John’s voice is rattling around his head, bouncing off the inside of his skull like a tennis ball. He looks at the whiskey bottle on the table, finding it almost empty. Memories of John’s violent blackout rage slam into him – every time Sammy ran off, every time Dean reminded him too much of Mary, every time Dean faltered on a hunt, every tiny mistake.
“Beloved,” Cas whispers, taking a seat on the edge of the bed in front of Dean. Dean nestles close, resting his head on Cas’s thigh and pressing a secret, soft kiss there. This feels so much more intimate than anything he had done at the saloon, and the thought overwhelms him a little – overwhelms him a lot. Cas’s hands rest gently in his hair, petting the caramel locks back reverently, like Dean is something to be cherished. Dean digs his fingers into his palms, fighting back the sharp heat behind his eyes.
-.-.-
“No arguing, my friend. I think it best that you sleep. Allow me to take care of everything else for the night.
When the visitors leave, Mary sings, hoists Dean up on her hip and spins around the kitchen making dinner. She’s a beacon of light. Dean had never seen her smile so much when dad was still alive.
As he helps put the kids to bed, he’s reminded of the times Ben would fall asleep in the carriage on the way home from hunting. He’s reminded of Kevin falling asleep on his desk. He’s reminded of the afternoons he spent helping Mary settle Sam down for a nap.
He puts the dress, petticoat, and stays in a box and squirrels the box away under his bed for safekeeping.
“Far from it, far from it,” he sighs as he knocks back his drink.
be responsible for Jack. If he can be responsible for all his orphans, he can be responsible for Cas’s son.
“You dammed brat! Put those back!” Dean storms over to where Jack is sitting. He carefully picks up the mourning dolls, placing them back into their designated spots on the corner shelf. His heart is pounding unreasonably quick, afraid of the dolls being damaged. He gives them a once-over, touching each of their little wax faces and checking their sandbag bodies for tears.
-.-.-
Word travels fast in their small little town, especially when the word involves John Winchester’s greatest failure.
-.-.-
Charlie grins and gives him an open invite to help out whenever he can. It feels like a chance to absolve himself of sin, so he comes as often as he can, many times with gifts for the children. After the children have all gone to bed, Charlie tells him stories of her childhood – stories about her mother’s smile, her father’s job on the farm, her siblings’ antics at home. Dean never pries, never asks for more information than he’s given, only listens with rapt attention.
Jack grins, and it lights up the room. In another life, he could be the star of printed advertisements, charming the corporate world with his angelic features. It sends the briefest shock of regret through Dean’s brain. It dissipates when Jack, halfway through a muffin already, excitedly hugs him, chocolate-sticky crumby smile pressed against Dean’s grey shirt.
“Oh,” Dean’s voice lilts into something breathless. He’s never wanted anything as much as he wants Cas’s dick in his mouth. He wants,
“I’m not understanding the problem. Someone ran their mouth and you hit him. It was a good show of power without being too forceful. You’re a good man, Dean. The town will come around to see that,” and Cas sounds like he’s talking to some damn skittish animal. It’s a coaxing, gentle tone.
As soon as Sam leaves, Dean stops the clocks, covers the mirrors, and turns the family photographs down.
And that’s how John had medicated their broken little family through illness and pain and boredom.
“I believe you wanted me to show you how much I want you. Allow me to demonstrate.” Cas moves back against the headboard, and Dean struggles to get enough coordination to join him. As soon as he’s up off the floor, he’s pulled close -- he’s staring down those brilliant blue eyes and breathing into Cas’s mouth. Cas tastes like mint and coffee, and Dean licks greedily behind his teeth for more.
The carriage ride to Miss Anna Milton’s home isn’t very long, but each moment that Jack is withdrawn and quiet, instead of his usual bubbly self, drags on for hours in Castiel’s mind. He’s on Cas’s lap, head against his chest so he can hear his heartbeat. When he was a baby, the sound would calm him – Cas worries if he’s allowing for the continuation of a bad habit. Nevertheless, he holds Jack close and kisses the crown of his head tenderly.
Charlie catches him by the arm and leads him to the dining hall. She opens a locked cupboard and pours them both a quarter glass of amber liquid.
Cas hushes him again, lacing their fingers together and squeezing, “I’m home.”
Cas keeps his movements slow and deliberate, right on the borderline of teasing. When he finally,
It helps him un-focus. He needs it.
“Please?” Jack’s voice is barely audible now.
you, body and soul. I gave you a new life. I appointed you as mine, Dean Winchester.” And those river blue eyes are staring directly into his soul again, intent as if they could burn a brand onto it. Dean closes his eyes again and tries to match his hitching breaths with Cas’s slow, assured ones.
“Auntie Anna? We’re at your house already?” Jack blinks awake, taking in the small, cozy feeling of Anna’s kitchen. He zeroes in on the basket of ingredients on the table, “Almonds? Anna, Anna, can we make almond brittle? Can we?”
Cas stands up from where he’s been pulling weeds, “Jack, baby, are you feeling well? We don’t live with grandfather anymore; we live with Dean. You go to public school here in the city now.”
“Mr. Birch, settle down,” Deanna begins, placating. She flips open her FBI badge and shows it to the man. “Federal agents.”
that hover behind his teeth. “Not much,” he says instead. “I remember I was a hellhound's chew toy, and then... lights out. Then I come to six feet under.” He pauses, hesitating slightly. “That was it,” he finishes.
