Sherlock woke up slowly, his mind pleasantly sluggish, his limbs warm and heavy. He released a small, sleepy grunt and smacked his lips. He was lying on his stomach, head turned to the right on his pillow, and he felt a warm weight on his back. It took a couple seconds for his fuzzy mind to realize it was an arm wrapped around him, and soft, long breaths were rhythmically fanning over his bare shoulder. His eyes shot open and his heart kicked happily.
He took in more deep breaths through his mouth, and then nodded slowly. He lowered his arm onto his chest, and his eyes were glassy with his afterglow. He sat up, a little unsteady, and threw his arms around John’s neck, hiding his in his shoulder.
John shook his head. “None,” he frowned.
Despite this being part of the plan, Sherlock felt a ripple of anxiety course through his veins. He didn’t want to be hurt. He hoped John would arrive soon. A small voice asked in his head if John would arrive at all, but he dismissed it.
John raised an eyebrow. “Did you just throw that off and get into bed?"
“What’s bothering you?” Sherlock asked him.
Sherlock crawled on top of John’s back.
So John said nothing, getting off the sofa slowly, feeling like a scolded schoolboy. He looked down at his socked feet. He just made things worse and worse for everyone around him. “Okay,” he said to the floor.
The words were etched into John’s brain long ago:
Which was the case today.
“Awake already?” John grumbled. “Look, come sit with me while I feed Rosie. I think,” he cleared his throat, “we both need to be close right now.”
John looked down at his lap. “You should get to bed.”
“Sherlock,” John held his hand. “Don’t dwell on it, okay? I just needed to tell you that.”
“Rosie,” John replied.
“Not at all,” he shook his head. “I just--figured some things outs. If all goes well, I’ll tell you later.”
“That wasn’t the answer to my question.” His heart ached. “I’ve gotten this feeling over the years that you still blame yourself for your time away.” The flinch that Sherlock couldn’t suppress was all John needed to know. “I’m right. Look,” he grabbed Sherlock’s arm before he could respond, “what I did? You did nothing to deserve that. I’m sorrier than I could possibly say, but there’s another thing. I forgive you for leaving, Sherlock. It really hurt, and I think it always will, in a way, but I know you had to do it.”
John was breathing out of his mouth, and he felt a presence. He looked up and couldn’t stop himself from rolling his eyes. “God, Sherlock, let me be, would you?”
he was touching, and he knew that no one had ever touched him like this before. John saw a pink flush bloom on his chest, travel up his neck, and settle on his cheekbones. He was so sensitive, and,
Sherlock stretched out his hand, and the sting from the cuts made his eye twitch.
All of these thoughts swirled endlessly in his head, keeping him up almost every night since January 6th, replacing his visions of Mary. He was exhausted, angry, struggling not to fall back into despair. He wasn’t well now, but better than he was a week ago, and he had to stay that way. For himself. For Rosie. For Sherlock.
While Sherlock was on the sofa reading an organic chemistry book to Rosie because
happy. Why were they having sex? He bowed his head forward and rested his forehead on the pillow. Maybe this was some other aspect of a sexual relationship he didn’t understand. Maybe people who practically hated each other had sex all of the time. Did John like having sex for the sake of having sex? He didn’t know. They never talked about John’s sex life, of course. Sherlock would have guessed there would have had to been some sort of emotional connection, because deep down, he knew John was a compassionate man. Sherlock could admit to himself that he, himself, could only have sex if there were an emotional connection, which is why he had never been with someone. The only person was John, and that was clearly out of the question.
Sherlock grimaced and crossed his arms over his chest, looking at the television (
“Don’t worry,” John kissed his hair. “I was just thinking of our time together.”
he asked himself about this world for the hundredth time). He was shaking, and his hands were wet with Sherlock’s blood, and as he heard sirens roar outside, he pleaded,
“Yes.”
They would be okay, in time.
“Nonsense,” Sherlock whispered back, and pressed an open-mouthed kiss to his lips. He removed one of his hands from John’s faced and wrapped his arm around his waist. John never would have imagined he was this physically affectionate, at least not until the first hug he initiated a few weeks ago. He welcomed every ounce of affection, not only because he genuinely enjoyed being on the receiving end of affection for once, but because he wanted Sherlock to know that exposing his heart wasn’t always a bad thing.
John snuffled and opened his eyes. “Sherlock?” He was only half awake at best, his gaze unfocused and face soft.
“It’ll wear off,” John told him. He caught a glimpse of the clock on the bedside table and saw it was nearing 4 in the morning. What a mess. “You should at least try to sleep it off.” If Sherlock said he took it about twenty-five minutes before he came home, and John figured that was about five to ten minutes ago, then the high wouldn’t last that much longer. He knew that was why Sherlock was drawn to cocaine--short, intense highs, which supposedly helped him think.
I generally don't center my stories around classic fic tropes unless I feel like I can do something a little different. I don't recall a johnlock amnesia fic with this specific twist, so here we are.
“I agree,” Sherlock said. “Mary, does the name ‘Magnussen’ mean anything to you?”
“I didn’t talk to her while I was away, if that’s what you’re thinking. This is the first time she’s contacted me in years. Her text reads, ‘I heard you’re back in London safe and sound. We should have dinner to celebrate.’” Sherlock’s eyes flickered up to his, gaze sharp. “Satisfied?”
Sherlock quite liked having his face in his hands. “I wanted it to go differently,” he said, his voice still slightly breathless, but earnest. One of his thumbs stroked John’s cheek, and he didn’t miss how John blinked rapidly at that from surprise. Mary must have not done this, at least not often. “I wanted it to be about you, but it wound up being all about me,” he said quickly, wanting to get it over with.
“Hm, don’t think so. You should go home. You might look young still, but you look worse for wear. When’s the last time you shaved? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you with stubble.”
“I see,” Sherlock said. “I missed you a great deal.”
He did laugh, audibly, causing Sherlock’s breath to hitch.
Sherlock realized his jaw was dropped, so he closed his mouth, teeth clacking. Dinner and sex. How pedestrian. With John, how wonderful. They were going to have sex tomorrow. They had no supplies. “We ran out of lube,” he blurted out.
John bit his lip, but said, “Tempting. You do have a lovely arse, but I didn’t say what I wanted to tell you yet.”
Sherlock wouldn't look at him, absentmindedly pulling up the sheets past his navel.
“Stop thinking that, you cock,” John muttered to himself. It was hard for his brain not to go there, though. He remembered that day, when they came home and she was just casually sleeping in Sherlock’s bed, as if she owned the fucking place. John also remembered how Sherlock didn’t make any moves to kick her out…
“How do you know I was going to propose?”
A heavy weight descended upon his chest.
“About what?”
“Again, role reversal here,” John grinned as he got up to make breakfast. He still felt uneasy, but it was probably his own stupidity again. He was the king of worrying about nothing, like when he worried Sherlock regretted last night only ten minutes ago. Everything was fine.
Sherlock’s eyes widened “Why not?” he asked insistently.
Sherlock seemed to flinch at the mention of torture and he looked ahead into the street. “I would have never let it come to that,” he said stiffly.
As much as John wanted to crawl straight into bed and never come out, a nagging voice in his head told him to take a peek into Sherlock’s room just to make sure he was okay. He had no idea if Sherlock were asleep--until he heard heavy, uncoordinated footsteps.
Sherlock shut his eyes briefly, a haunted expression taking over his features. “I was sleeping,” he said softly. “I thought I’d heard something. I sat up, but the room was dark, except for the light coming in from the window. The open window told me something was very wrong,” he said darkly, and stopped to take a shaky breath.
It was a slow, careful press of lips, John moving in with an air of caution. Sherlock breathed shakily out of his nose, the feel of John’s moist lips on his more intense than the drugs running through his veins just a few days ago. He felt the warm puff of air from John’s nose on his face, and he reached up to cling a hand to the collar of his jacket. Sherlock was pressing back into the kiss with a small, deep subconscious moan, which was loud in contrast to the silence of the room. He felt John put his hand on his chest, its weight warm and solid. It was reassuring.
When John entered the flat, no one was in the sitting room or kitchen. He looked around, confused. Sherlock’s violin was on the table by the window and his music stand was out, but other than that, there was no sign of him.
She whined and turned her face away.
John felt pleasantly tired. It may have just been some humping, but...no, it really was just some humping. Damn, he was getting old. He even came before Sherlock!
“I still should have seen it,” Sherlock gripped his scarf tighter.
A little flame lit in John’s stomach, enough to make him feel warm and somewhat content. “You had very kind things to say about us--well,” he cleared his throat, “mainly me. Mrs. Hudson cried. In the dream.”
Sherlock couldn’t say anything if he tried. He could only think,
“When’s the last time you’ve washed your hair?” John asked, breaking the silence.
“Don’t be,” Sherlock said, putting down the book he had been reading and crossing his legs in his chair. The position made his ribs hurt a little, but he ignored it. After realizing how distressed John was yesterday, he couldn’t find it in himself to feel angry. Mycroft would call him stupid for that, but he didn’t care. They were both at their worst, weren’t they? They were both failing to cope with the misery Mary had inflicted upon them (inadvertently. Advertently? Sherlock wasn’t sure anymore). They were
He would be selfish to keep the information about Mary faking the pregnancy to himself, however. He couldn’t just sit on this forever. John had to know. He had to tell John...soon. Sometime soon. But, Mary could have very well been right. Maybe Sherlock should wait a little, just to savor John’s friendship a little longer, before Mary would spill the beans out of spite. That was selfish, too, wasn’t it? It was less selfish than the option of not ever telling John and keeping his friendship forever. Sherlock would tell him, he really would. He just needed time. He needed to prepare to lose John’s friendship.
Hey, thanks for over 100 kudos for only one chapter! I'm glad you like it so far :)
“Not entirely,” John pressed on. “I saw the video Mary left you, but could you really think of nothing else but almost killing yourself?”
“Oh no,” John shook his head, laughing from how angry he was, “you are not blaming this one me. You don’t get to blame me for things anymore.”
“I sort of feel bad for them.”
?” his voice cracked suddenly, and upon hearing himself, he shook his head roughly.
Sherlock kept staring at him, and he huffed out a harsh breath, putting his hands out to the side. “Will you really say nothing? Fine! I’ll keep talking. I have no idea why you have always been invested in the idea of me being with Irene, especially when it’s clear that you loathe her. Even in the beginning, you could never stand her, so why did you ever try to push me towards her?”
Mycroft’s stupid posh shoes clicked on the hardwood floor of Lestrade’s sitting room. “John,” he called, which was a little unusual for Mr. Proper Fucker.
“You can’t rely on her to clean up the explosion of papers in her room.”
A little of the tension went away, and Sherlock gave him a cautious grin. He undressed quickly, ignoring the rising flush on his cheeks and neck. He was still slightly hard. He looked at John and couldn’t stop his mouth from dropping open and his eyes scanning every visible naked inch of skin. John was smiling, but there was a hint of bashfulness to it. His bare, toned chest was dusted with golden hair, leading down to a dark trail below his navel which led to his partially erect cock. Sherlock was openly staring. It obviously wasn’t the first time he’d seen John naked--that was on that fateful day when he accidentally walked in--but this time, John was naked for
“You can,” Sherlock interjected, putting his face in John’s neck, fingers hurting from grabbing the jacket so tightly. “You can, John. Just…”
Why did she have to be difficult? “Mary, it’s about us.”
“You were taking way too long to come back from buying bloody condoms. I just--I know I told you not to worry, but I remembered our conversation about Mary, and I couldn’t shake it, and I worried too much to let it go. I asked Mycroft to track your phone, and it was found abandoned on the sidewalk.”
It’s not like Sherlock meant it that way. John was just being a fucking tit.
“I think you’re full of it,” John said, and now he started to sound a little irritated. “I lived with you during the time of the Woman and Moriarty, and neither of those people had you running out of a crime scene like that.”
It was an email from John.
“I love you, too. See you soon.”
“It probably means another fucking thank-you kiss,” he grumbled. “Oops, sorry, Rosie. Well, you don’t understand swears. Anyway, at least he was at ease with you,” he said. “If it weren’t for you, I don’t think we would have lasted more than five minutes on our own. Well, that’s not the reason why I brought you--why am I justifying all this to you?”
Sherlock wanted to crawl into the seat cushion. “I doubt that will ever happen,” he mumbled.
John didn’t know why he was given a second chance, and he never would. He would never speak of his time in the other world, but he always remembered it, and was eternally grateful for whatever reason the universe decided to have mercy on him, of all people.
Sherlock nodded, feeling a lump in his throat. “Bye,” he choked out, and turned on his heel.
“What?” John asked quietly as Molly and Mrs. Hudson showed Rosie the balloons.
They were quiet. John loved the weight of Sherlock’s body on his. His thigh was just barely an inch away from his groin, and he thought about turning over and kissing Sherlock, touching each other and having sex again. They had all day to do nothing but lounge around in this bed.
Sherlock wanted to hide his face in his hands, but that would have required letting go of John, so he ducked his head as best he could, letting go of John’s cheek.
He wondered if he should take that part out, but no, it was honesty.
He took a deep breath, his lip twitching in annoyance. “Rosie. Come on.”
Rosie whined, most likely upset that she couldn’t pull on the thick curls in front of her, and Sherlock made a soft shushing sound. He began to bounce her a bit, and John’s lip trembled. The image in front of him pleased him more than any time he had looked at Mary holding Rosie. That wasn’t right. Mary was her mother. He should have loved the mother of his child.
Sherlock felt a shiver of anxiety in his heart. He sat down in his chair with a sigh. He could use a pack of cigarettes. No, John would get angry with him. He promised John he wouldn’t smoke or do any sort of drugs after the plan turned around. It was hard, though, especially in moments like this. He stretched out his legs, figuring that looking casual would be better than revealing how nervous he was through his body language. He groaned at the ceiling. What the hell was John even going to say?
“You looked like this in the hospital, too. Your eyes get all glazed and you stare at me, but it’s not your usual deductive stare. It’s, softer, I think.”
But, what
Sherlock instantly knew what he was doing. He released a long sigh. “Don’t, John, not now.”
“Of course,” he crossed his arms over his chest. “Why wouldn’t I?”
he finally allowed his mind to fully form the question. He was shaking. He got up and paced around the sitting room. What would Sherlock do? He would go over the evidence, right?
“Then you can’t talk about dissecting bodies in front of her,” John countered.
She stood up straight, her eyes still wide. “That’s her name?”
John tensed in his arms. He sat up, still in Sherlock’s lap, but looking at him now. He looked troubled. “I don’t know,” he muttered, looking down at Sherlock’s chest. “At first, when you deduced it at the wedding, I was completely shocked. We didn’t try for it, and I’m a bloody doctor, so I should have been suspicious. But I wasn’t, because I didn’t think you were wrong, and I didn’t think she’d lie like that, back then.” He started to play with one of the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt, not intending to tease, but as a distraction. “To be honest, I couldn’t picture myself as a father. Not really. I shout too much. I have a horrible temper. I like going on cases with you and routinely facing danger. I didn’t necessarily want kids, but...After time passed, I started to really think about it, and the idea became nice.” He smiled bitterly. “I started to look forward to it a little. Get excited. But she shot you, and I started to hate her, and when she said she had a miscarriage, God forgive me, I was relieved. I saw it as one less thing tying me down to her.” He looked at Sherlock miserably. “I’m a terrible person, aren’t I?”
He nodded frantically.
“You had a plan of some sort for a case. I dunno, the details were fuzzy. But you insisted on getting high. It was bad. Molly evaluated you and said you had weeks to live, and you didn’t care. You kept going and kept using. You were haggard, greasy, and completely out of your mind. You were hallucinating and nearly stabbed a man. You shot up in a bloody hospital, and I didn’t stop you.” John’s voice grew quicker and louder as he went on, and it wasn’t until the end when he realized he sounded way too distressed.
John led him back to the bed, practically dragging him, and forced him back down on the mattress. “Don’t do that again,” he said sternly, recalling when Sherlock left the hospital entirely and had to call an ambulance to Baker Street. John shook his head, hooking up the IV back to a fatigued Sherlock.
John was on his knees in front of Sherlock, looking up at him with piercing, shining eyes and a deep frown. “I’m sorry about everything,” John said somberly, hands gripping Sherlock’s knees. “I really am. I’m sorry everything went so, so wrong between us.” He bit the inside of his cheek, breathing deeply. “I meant it. I’m not sue I’ll ever un-hear you and Culverton Smith, but I want to make it up to you. I want to try. Can I?” his voice broke, running his hands over Sherlock’s knees and up the middle of his thighs. “Please?” His lower lip wobbled and he cried, “Please, Sherlock, please let me do right by you.” His face crumpled and he ducked his head, whispering
He looked at the television and sniffed. “Did you think of me, while you were gone?”
“Of course,” John said.
“Oh, he’s wearing the hat again!” Mrs. Hudson cooed. “I do love that hat.”
John laughed halfheartedly. “We don’t have to have sex, you know.”
John placed open-mouthed kisses on his skin, mouth trailing down to a pink nipple. His mouth closed around it, sucking lightly as he could, shivering when Sherlock’s moan vibrated beneath his lips. John felt his nipple grow hard, and he licked it slowly, his own prick twitching. His tongue circled around his nipple, and then licked it directly again. Sherlock was making muffled
“I know,” Sherlock conceded. “Why aren’t you relieved?”
“She has your nose and your eyes, but the rest must be from her mother. Where is her mother, anyway?”
“Oh, there it is,” Culverton said in wonder. “You’re thinking of it, I can tell.”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open. “Yes,” he whispered.
HEEEEEEEEEY thank you guys for over 400 kudos!!!!!!!!!!! You're amazing <3 I'd meant to thank you for 300 kudos a couple chapters ago, but here we are.
Sherlock only narrowed his eyes at her. Actually seeing her replaced the little bit of fear he had with anger. She really did get under his skin. He would let John handle this, though, unless things got out of hand. John was an adult. He could do this.
“We should do the same with her.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes with a dramatic groan. “Fine.” He waltzed to his room.
“Oh, of course,” he assured her. “I am, but it’s a shock. It’s a real shock.”
But then, there was Rosie. John regretted the choices he made with Mary, but he didn't regret Rosie. He couldn’t. Still, he could have divorced Mary right after she shot Sherlock and gotten joint custody of Rosie. John had been thinking of doing that, when he was feeling completely fed up with married life, but then Mary got killed. He never had a chance to make things right, not by telling Mary that he was unfaithful (he didn’t love her, but he did make weddings vows), and not by leaving her for what she did to Sherlock. He felt like he failed every aspect of his life since Sherlock jumped in 2012.
“I know it’s Peppa Pig,” John didn’t bother looking up. “Is he that into her, that I made him so uncomfortable by saying it’d only be us again? And you,” he added.
“I love John,” he said, voice rough and weak. His eyes burned from his tears. He fantasized about confessing his love before, but never like this. It was never supposed to be like this. “I love John,” his voice broke with a sob, and he bit his lip and turned his face away again, weeping.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock said, and went over to the fireplace.
“Not at all,” he replied with faux disinterest.
John opened his eyes. He had to stop thinking about this. He unlocked the door and went into the flat, not meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“Do I ever do anything I don’t want to?”
“I’ll keep you two fully updated on her case,” Mycroft told them. “You’ll both be involved with her trial, of course. I’ll take my leave.”
“Good,” John looked relieved. “Good.” He lowered his eyes. “Anyway, you remember the roses?”
He had a point. But Sherlock’s mind was stuck replaying
felt?
John thought. Not that he blamed Sherlock, of course. He probably had a clinical, detached view of sex back then, not knowing how much emotion could play into the situation. John knew that emotion could have a huge impact on sex, but knowing that and experiencing it were two different things, and he didn’t feel that much more confident than Sherlock.
Shaking those thoughts away for now, he ate his breakfast in silence as John ignored him and finished up with Rosie.
“Don’t be afraid of hurting my feelings,” John told him. “I want to know everything.”
not smile back. It all felt so
“Would you feel better if we were both touching each other, instead of all the attention being on you?”
John’s stomach turned.
John sighed tiredly. “Sherlock,” he looked up at him pleadingly, his eyes sparkling in the morning light, shoulders slumping. “Come on.”
John’s face was hot. “Um. Like what you see?” he joked lamely. He certainly liked what he saw.
Ah, right. The case. He had to prove Culverton was guilty. “Suffocating me,” he voice came out weakly, “overdosing me.” Speaking was difficult. He cleared his throat. He pointed to the direction of the IV drip, closing his eyes for a moment.
Just like her true identity, this was another major secret she intended to keep from John forever. Sherlock would not allow it. Things were unwell between him and John now, but he would absolutely tell him. Mary didn’t have to know that, though. “Why would John think I’m jealous?” He wouldn’t deny that he actually was jealous of her.
Sherlock stood up, sighing. “Were you really not bothered?”
He really hadn’t wanted to. He was impressed by John already, but they were still relative strangers. There was no way he could have opened himself up to someone so quickly. “I wish I had wanted to,” he said.
John was alone with Mary.
Rosie fussed a little as John changed her into her warm, pink bunny onesie, but otherwise had no protest. He put her into the pram with her favorite purple cat plushie, not just to keep her happy during their journey to Baker Street, but because he would have to drop her off at Mrs. Hudson’s at least for a few minutes. He didn’t really want to put her into someone else’s hands so quickly after his return, but the conversation he was about to have with Sherlock was too serious for any distractions. He was determined to set things straight as quickly as he could, and then all three of them could live a (relatively) normal, happy life.
“The doctor said he could go home in a few days.”
Sherlock swallowed reflexively.
He had no idea how to go about any of this. He felt hopeless.
John removed his arms from Sherlock’s broad shoulders and checked the time on his (dying) phone. “It’s 3:45. I really don’t feel like leaving, if you don’t mind.”
His lip twitched. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he muttered.
John brought their lips together again, figuring it would be easier for Sherlock if both of their eyes were closed (and although this wasn’t exactly his first time with Sherlock, he wasn’t exactly calm, either. How could he be?). He felt warm hands tugging and pulling at his clothes as their lips glided together wetly. He teased and pulled at Sherlock’s bottom lip gently, sucking it, his hand running over his broad chest. Sherlock was starting to pick up the idea of open-mouthed kissing, and was tentatively trying it, meeting John’s lips with soft kisses. John breathed deeply, feeling the familiar tingle of arousal in his abdomen, sending shivers down his body. He was nibbling Sherlock’s lower lip when he realized he was being tapped on the shoulder.
“Want to sit on the sofa and mock crap telly?”
“Ah,” Sherlock and John said simultaneously.
“You have, what, two? Isn’t ‘Sherlock’ your middle name, and ‘William’ is your first?”
He was
“Oh, yeah,” John said, blinking hard like he snapped out of a trance. “Yeah, no problem, Sherlock.” A pause. “Don’t get hurt again.”
He walked up to Sherlock, grasped his wrist, and firmly kissed him on the mouth. He fought past the hard beating in his chest and kept kissing him, arm sliding around his waist.
John opened the door and found Sherlock sitting on top of the lid of the toilet, shirt buttoned up, and in a different pair of trousers that he must have gotten from his room.
But John’s brain was still floating between a dream and reality so his hips went on thrusting, his cock rubbing against something warm and firm, and he felt himself getting harder. This was nice. It would be even better if he could thrust
“Excellent,” Sherlock said, and it was, but he was nervous about going back home with him. It had been a long time since they lived together, and they never did so with a baby. Damn, he would have to tell John about Rosie. He should do it here so he could brace himself before they got home.
These were the thoughts which occupied his mind, creating uncomfortable silences when he was around Sherlock. He didn't want to act this way, because he could tell Sherlock felt awkward and unsure of himself around John, choosing his words carefully, being polite but distant. John couldn't stop feeling so miserable, though.
Sherlock agreed. It would delay them going back home and doing Sex. He was feeling less comfortable with the idea as time passed. He dreamed of having sex with John, so what was wrong with him? Once outside, John, a little buzzed from the wine, locked their arms together as they walked.
John let him keep his eyes closed for the sake of his own comfort. “When did you accept that you felt this way?” he asked.
“No,” John held up his hand, wanting to diffuse the tension he created. “No, it’s fine. We don’t need to talk about it. Tell me about the case.”
John felt the need to clear his throat again, but thought that would make him more suspicious. “I didn’t,” he lied, his fingers tingling from the effort to keep them from twitching. “I just wasn’t surprised. She--people like that often get away from trouble somehow, you know? Just by looking at her, by being around her for that short amount of time, she seemed like the kind of person who could get out of anything. Like you,” he added after a short pause.
Sherlock hit a particularly high, sweet note on his violin, a small, barely audible moan coming from his throat.
Sherlock gulped. This was it. He got up from the bench, his knees feeling like jelly and chills rolling down his spine, and walked to John. The sound of his pounding heart thundered in his ears. It was winter, but he was sweating under his coat. Did being in love make normal people feel deathly ill?
“I should hope so,” John said through a yawn. “Goodnight.”
Sherlock’s body trembled “I’m not perfect,” he protested, and he was glad his face was in John’s neck, because he was sure his skin was scarlet. “I’m an arsehole.”
“Mmm,” he confirmed.
“Not a chance,” John teased and kissed Sherlock with new vigour, his toes curling and heart fluttering. He hadn’t even considered the possibility that Sherlock would find him attractive, and it felt good. Mary never complimented his looks much.
,” she said acidly.
, John.” Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically, shuffling and sitting regularly on the sofa, thighs no longer straddling John. He stretched his legs out and rested his bare feet on the coffee table. His face was still red, and his chest was moving with his quick breaths.
Sherlock opened his eyes, and there he was: Culverton Smith. He knew it. He knew his plan would work, and he knew what was to come next. This would be painful, and he dreaded it. But it had to be done. Culverton had to be stopped.
missed Sherlock.
John was shaking with anger. But he needed to make sure Sherlock didn’t take a bloody heart attack. “Come on,” he commanded gruffly, grabbing his hand, “you’re going back to bed, and you’re not moving until I say so. Got it?” His knees were shaking.
John rolled his eyes. “The Woman, Sherlock.”
His smile faded, and he cleared his throat. He knew Sherlock wasn’t being hyperbolic, and he really would sacrifice himself for Rosie.
Molly nodded again, and then looked up. “Hi.”
“Where are you going? You can’t go back home at this time of night.”
Sherlock felt warmth slowly budding in his abdomen. “A long time,” he said softly.
John’s arm, which was pinned under Sherlock’s body, was tingling from lack of circulation, so he gently extracted it from under the warm, heavy weight. Sherlock barely stirred, only tightening his fingers in the fabric of the T-shirt across John’s chest.
Sherlock nodded and kept kissing him, shoving their hips together with a whimper. “Let me,” he murmured in a deep rumble when John tried taking them both in hand. His hand was big enough to grasp both of their cocks, and their pre-come mixed together, creating a slick glide. It was the first time they were rubbing against each other like this, and they should have done this days ago.  It felt better than he’d imagined, and at one point, he held back a groan long enough to chuckle, “Your reading was right, about the friction.”
John was gazing softly at him. He stood on his toes and pressed a quick kiss to his lips. It was over before the light changed. “I dunno if you’re one for PDA, but I’m usually not. But I’ve had wine, and you look really good tonight.” Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, but then the light changed and John tugged on his arm. “C’mon. Let’s get home.”
“I’m not blind, Sherlock.”
So in case you don't know, the original Holmes had a distant cousin purchase Watson's practice after his return from the Fall, so I decided it was a nice way for John to get out of going back to work while expressing Sherlock's desperation to have John back in his life.
Well, that explained his making John leave the flat. Sherlock’s muscles stiffened. “What do you mean?” he whispered back.
“That’s what I thought.” He lifted his head, blinking blearily at him. He cupped John’s jaw with his thumb. “You should shave.”
“She won’t hurt you anymore,” John told him with steel in his voice.
“You know how to open a door,” Sherlock said from inside the bathroom. He was defensive. He was certainly upset. But, he was willing to let John in.
John patted him on the chest lightly. “C’mon.”
“An disadvantage to solving cold cases at home is having to clean up all the files.”
“I’m filthy, John,” he retorted. “I don’t exactly smell like a spring rose right now, and I know it. I’m not stupid.”
“Is that because I was in the hospital and you didn’t have time to experiment?”
John cleared his throat. “So, who’s it from? What clues do you see?”
He broke the kiss. “You know we’re in no hurry, right?” John asked, and regretted it when he was met with a humiliated look.
“It’s a serious wound,” John told him. “It’s normal to feel your pulse like that.”
John stared at him. Slowly, his breathing grew heavier, his chest started heaving, and the beeps on the heart monitor got faster. He looked like he was going to pass out again.
John’s eyes widened further, and then he blinked and coughed behind his fist. “Uh, right. Okay. So. I was. Your first.”
“Take your time,” John told him.
“Good.”
The doctor frowned. “I’m sorry, Doctor Watson, but there’s no way of knowing. Amnesia is still a mystery to the medical world, as I’m sure you know. It could be tomorrow, next week, next month, a year from now, five years from now, or never.”
“No. Not directly.” John scratched his growing stubble. He licked his lips.
Then, he felt Sherlock grasp his forearm, and he looked up.
were the problem, Mary! You did nothing but lie to me, from day fucking one of our relationship!”
John closed his eyes, amazed that he felt no sadness. They still went through a lot and the current high would fade a bit, but they were truly on the path to recovery, and soon, he would be home again.
“Do you still have that blanket?”
Sherlock took off his coat and sat down in his chair. “We do.”
There was the problem with Mary. She knew that Sherlock told John the truth. John didn’t go home last night. She must have made the connection. He swallowed. He didn’t know how she was going to take all of this, but he stubbornly decided that Mary couldn’t take away their first morning after. He wanted to enjoy having John all to himself for the morning, at least. They’d deal with her after they got out of bed.
answered another. Sherlock let out a sigh in frustration. The auditory hallucinations from the drugs were not helping.
“You’re lying,” John said as he looked down at his phone. “You think I’m riveting,” he joked.
Now alone in the flat, he was lying flat on his back on his bed, eyes burning from exhaustion. He had manipulated and lied to people in the past, but he never felt so...weird about it. Why did he feel this way? He lied about being dead for god’s sake. Wasn’t that worse?
Two minutes later, John was alone in Lestrade’s small sitting room, lying on his back, clenching the blanket in his fists, staring at the ceiling as tears pooled and trickled from his eyes.
John blinked.
His heart thumped. “Hello, John. How are you?”
but he read the room, and figured Sherlock needed silence for a moment. He held Sherlock to his chest, tilting his head and resting his cheek on the top of his hair. He knew that this was a good sign, and that sometimes, Sherlock needed to process things. It must have been overwhelming...when was the last time anyone told Sherlock they loved him? John never did before, and not directly in the other world. He only said that Sherlock and Mary were the two people have loved and cared about, but of course, that was putting him on the same level of his would-be killer. The other one would never know how much John loved him--no, no, focus on this Sherlock.
“Why—?”
Even in the darkness of the room, John looked confused. “Uh, yeah? Did you think I left the flat? Or, does this have to do with your dream?”
“As I said: you were at your worst,” Sherlock told him calmly. “As was I. I’m an adult. I made the choice to use again. I’m to blame, as well.”
“I don’t care,” he said honestly, and god, did that feel good to say. He was a little surprised, though, that the end of their relationship affected her enough for her to mess up. He remembered Mary dying in his arms, praising him, and wondered how much she really loved him. No, it didn’t matter. “This,” he gestured to her, “is not an acceptable thing to keep from someone, Mary,” he argued, a spot in the middle of his forehead hurting.
John clenched his fist tightly, shaking, feeling like his head was going to burst.
Sherlock snarled. “She did
After they crossed that final, physical barrier yesterday, there was not much to do in the flat other than touch each other. They were standing in front of the fireplace, Sherlock’s arms around his back, and John’s were wrapped around his neck. Sherlock was experimenting with putting his tongue in John’s mouth, and well, sometimes it was a little too much, a little too wet and slimy, but John let him do his thing, not exactly disliking it, and correctly predicting that he would adjust in time. He felt pretty pleased that Sherlock was learning the ins and outs of kissing on him, and not some random man from his troubled past.
John fought past his anger and practically dragged Sherlock into his room, forcing him to lie down on the bed. It took effort not to push him down on the bed. “Where did you even get it? It was cocaine, wasn’t it?”
The next thirty minutes were...pleasant, but odd. It was nice to get to talk to Mrs. Hudson and Molly again, and while John was used to Sherlock’s relative silence during social situations, Irene’s presence made everything a hair uncomfortable. She was the outcast in this setting, and John didn’t miss Molly’s glances towards her every so often. When he got the chance, John pulled Molly off to the side.
This felt too real. He could feel the heat from the ventilation system, smelled the foul odors of the bathroom, felt the solid door of the stall, and could feel his heart pounding, knees trembling, skin sweating. Feeling emotions in dreams was normal, but being able to use his senses of smell and touch were not. Being thrown back in time was not normal, either.
Here they go.
“The ring,” he said, managing to get it out of his pocket. “Mary can’t find this.”
“She doesn’t have to have a middle name.”
It still didn’t make any damn sense.
It was cold outside, and the night wind blew through the old walls of the flat. Sherlock had been ignoring the chill, but now he had an excuse to do something. “I’ll make a fire.” He got up and fiddled with the fireplace. Once a fire was burning brightly, he sat down again. John was wearing a wine-colored jumper, and the glow of the fire made him look warm and inviting, despite his palpable misery. Sherlock used to love nights like this, sitting across from each other as the heat from the flames lapped at their socked feet. Those nights, they would speak in fond murmurs with small smiles, and Sherlock’s love would wrap around his being like a soft blanket, instead of feeling like the usual crushing agony.
“Jesus, what are you doing?” John asked.
John was biting the inside of his cheek so hard that he started to taste blood. He wanted to throttle Mary. “Let’s get you hooked back up.”
“Shhh,” John stroked his thumb over his red cheek, his chest heavy, pulse pounding. “I love you, too, Sherlock. You’ll be okay. I’ll take care of you right now, okay? Trust me, and I’ll make you feel better.” His voice sounded deep and husky in his ears, but it was hoarse more from emotion than arousal.
John nodded, looking away. “Yeah. Yeah, um, thanks. We’ll see.”
“John?” His voice was a croak. He cleared his throat, heart pounding.
“That’s not good enough,” Sherlock nearly growled, and John was startled by his tone. “He was drunk the other night,” Sherlock said. “He’s...He seems so unhappy.”
John shook his head. “Just, after all that, she still thought she was right, you know? She thought she had a good reason to shoot you and lie to me. She acted like she was a victim because I got tired of her crap. I guess--” he rubbed his face with his free hand, “I guess I wasn’t a good husband to her, or fiancé, but she’s no saint.”
Sherlock shifted and turned over so his back was facing John. He looked at John from over his shoulder. “Can you…?”
John’s words echoed in Sherlock’s mind. He thought Sherlock was incapable of being with someone in a romantic capacity. It hurt, not just because he loved John more than he loved himself, but because Sherlock had tried to open himself more since he came back. He failed, apparently. Sherlock knew he sent mixed signals over the years, thinking of himself as a sociopath until recently, but he thought John knew him better than anyone else.
Things go from bad to worse.
He thought he was dreaming, his mind far too fuzzy to register much of anything beyond the feeling of arousal throbbing in his groin. John felt good--he was warm and comfortable and it felt nice rutting against...whatever this was. He groaned, half of him sleepy and half of him getting really turned on, his nipples hardening and brushing against the fabric of his T-shirt. He grunted, his nipples feeling sensitive and his cock pulsing with pleasure. He heard Sherlock’s voice.
“This is what I’m talking about,” she said accusingly. “No matter what with us, it was always about Sherlock in the end.”
It was as if Sherlock hadn’t been touched or spoken to. He stared.
“How’s the pain, by the way?” John asked as he handed the glass to Sherlock.
“Maybe,” John said, knocking his knee.
What started with John confirming the bruises on the victim were postmortem ended with Sherlock talking a mile a minute on the phone with Lestrade.
Sherlock jolted with a shout, sitting up so quickly and clumsily that he almost fell off the sofa. His heart was hammering, each hard beat rippling anxiety through his body.
John put his hand over Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock looked at him with puzzled, glossy eyes. John sighed heavily, dropping his head. Was this level of self-loathing a regular occurrence when Sherlock was high? Considering that Sherlock allowed himself to be nearly murdered by Culverton, John would say yes. John lifted his head. “None of those things are true,” he told him gently. He took his hand off Sherlock’s mouth. “Your mind is in overdrive right now, and you’re talking nonsense.”
“Of course, I wasn’t worried our friendship would disintegrate,” he said flippantly with a weak smile. “Don’t be absurd, John.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” John whispered, “I’m so, so sorry. I want to make you happy, even though I know I can never make up for what I did--”
Hell, John wasn’t going to make him get off. “I love you, too, Sherlock,” he said sincerely. “I really, really do.” He closed his eyes, and the weight of Sherlock on his back did feel nice. “I’m glad we finally did that. It was like a final barrier was broken. That’s how it felt on my end, anyway.”
And sometimes, John had dreams. He dreamt of a version of himself and Sherlock noticeably a few years younger than he and his Sherlock actually were. That version of himself and Sherlock didn’t have a baby, but they were always smiling and embracing in his dreams. They kissed, and they laughed.
Sherlock was so tired. He nodded meekly.
, John?”
okay?” he asked pointedly.
Even when Sherlock was recovering from a bullet wound, things were happier then than now.
Hey, all.
“What, you want me to leave?” she asked.
John’s eyes were filled with compassion. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. If it makes you feel any better, when you were making your speech, I was sitting there thinking I’d made a huge mistake.”
“I believe it has something to do with the amount of restraint we put on ourselves for the greater part of our relationship.”
His lips pulled up into a warm smile as his eyes shone with more unshed tears. “I don’t think I knew how much I wanted to hear that until now. Thank you.”
“Indeed” He really had to stop talking about this. Feeling a shred of sexual arousal while Rosie was on his lap was every kind of wrong.
John couldn’t tell if Sherlock genuinely wanted his medical opinion, or if this were his awkward way of inviting him over to hang out. He rubbed his eyes, looking at the time. He had to drop Rosie off in ten minutes, but then he could swing by Baker Street instead of coming back here. He just hoped Irene stayed out of their business, but considering Sherlock’s apparent anger at her for texting him a couple days ago, maybe she would stay away.
“Yeah.”
Sherlock felt guilty. John was only trying to help him. But, he couldn’t say it. What was he supposed to do, admit he almost got hard staring at his arse, and then deduced that he and his wife had sex last night, and that upset him? He obviously couldn’t do that.
Sherlock considered walking away, but he had to know. “How do you know who Mary is?”
Damn, John seriously didn’t know that hurt Sherlock’s feelings at the time. He had been projecting, and he knew it. He didn’t feel complete without romance, and he guessed he was wrong for assuming Sherlock would feel the same way. “Sorry,” he said, voice scratchy.
“Chest okay?”
John cleared his throat, skin feeling a little damp from the humidity of the room. “I want to apologize to you about last night,” he said, forcing himself to look Sherlock in the eye. “I pressed you for information that was none of my business, and while you have a bloody hole in your chest, at that. It really wasn’t on. If you want to keep all of that to yourself, that’s your right.”
It felt like someone punched him in the gut. He was winded. The fact that Mary knew wasn’t news to him, but the fact that she said it so plainly... He almost coughed into the phone. “You’re wrong,” he lied.
Moving day was a weird, fast blur, but John was glad that this was happening.
“John.”
John leaned into his touch. “’S okay. Nothing to do about it. Besides, I’d rather be happy with you than chained to Mary with a child, especially when I don’t feel confident I would have been a good father, anyway.”
Sherlock gathered the will to look at John, and he swallowed. “I didn’t go.”
“‘Yesterday,’” Mary repeated. “So that
“I’ve had to entertain all three of them for the past fifteen minutes,” he grumbled under his breath.
“Please answer the question,” he said urgently.
John braced for the worst, his hands balling into fists. “You do?” he asked quietly.
“She’s happy for us,” John pushed the blankets down a little so his chest was exposed, “but I didn’t want her to exactly find us in bed.”
,” John retorted.
That made him grin a little. “I wouldn’t do this with anyone but you.” His voice was thick like honey. His small grin was replaced by a deeper crinkle between his brows. “I...want you, John. I don’t know what exactly I want, but I want to be close to you.”
The tears returned to his eyes. Sherlock knew him so well. It felt like a relief to have someone acknowledge that he was unhappy for so long. He didn’t say anything.
“Daddy went down, yeah. What if he really does keep in touch with her after? I’m sure he’d find some way to do it. He always finds a way.” He pictured Sherlock Skyping with her on a regular basis and shuddered. Maybe John really wouldn’t be rid of her after she left the country. He should have been happy for his friend. For some reason, Sherlock fancied her.
Sherlock’s lips were pressed together tightly as he entered the kitchen. “That was...do you want to talk about it?”
They were supposed to be together, he thought with a small sob. He loved Sherlock so much, more than he could possibly love anyone else (and, to his great shame, he would admit that included Rosie). John didn’t believe in fate or soulmates before Sherlock, but he felt like Sherlock was the missing piece he had been subconsciously searching for his whole life. He remembered the days before Sherlock’s jump, when it was just the two of them in the comfortable domesticity of 221B, solving crimes and bickering about whose turn it was to do the shopping. John’s lips began quivering and he clamped his jaw shut. Those were the best days of his life. If he had known those days wouldn’t last, then he would have savored them more, and wouldn’t have yelled at Sherlock so much for keeping toes in the fridge.
“Fair enough,” Sherlock said.
,” John lifted his head, and was satisfied when Sherlock gagged.
“All done?” John picked her up and took her bib off. “Well, we don’t have to go to Sherlock’s for a few more hours, but I do have something for you.” He walked with her over to the sofa, where her new toys were. The good thing about giving a gift to a one year-old was that he was able to buy the items and put them in the flat without trying to hide it. That would probably change for her next birthday, or the one after that. Admittedly, he didn’t know much about buying baby toys, but she wasn’t going to hate these, right?
“Go on,” he told John.
He stood in silence, back against the wall, and couldn’t bring himself to be amused by Sherlock’s drugged, slurred ramblings to Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade. He supposed this was better than last time, when Mary was visiting him and pretending she was innocent as a lamb. Janine wasn’t here this time, either. God, he’d forgotten about her, and the sex stories she sold to the papers (he was in no mood to ponder their validity, though, and he thought it didn’t really matter now, anyway). At least Sherlock didn’t have the chance to break that woman’s heart in this world. John remembered staring at the jewelry box, sick with shock, and then, with sympathy, because he actually liked Janine, and the thought of Sherlock proposing to
“Positive.”
We're in the home stretch now, my friends. I worried about there being too much exposition in this chapter, but tbh, we're over 70,000 words in lol. I don't want to drag this out.
This wasn’t working. Why the fuck did this have to be so difficult? John sighed harshly through his nose. He had to raise himself up a bit, but he rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, closing his eyes. “Sherlock?”
“Stop it,” he interrupted her. “Did you really think I wouldn’t notice? I will admit that you fooled me for quite some time, but I found out. You knew I did, didn’t you?”
John snorted. “I’ve noticed. And I enjoy touching you.” The humor left his eyes and he shook his head. “I wish I never proposed to her. It feels like I wasted almost a year of my life being married to her.”
John came back into the room, wearing a dark blue dress shirt that complimented his eyes and dark grey trousers. He was handsome, and he was Sherlock’s. He smiled. “Ready?”
“Me, too,” he smiled sadly. “With you, I mean”
John pulled back, looking like he’d been slapped. “No, Sherlock. I really mean it.”
“There she is!” Mrs. Hudson immediately held out her arms. “I can’t believe it’s her birthday already!”
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered shut and he breathed deeply through his nose. “Mmm, I know.”
to touch Sherlock, unless and until he was told to stop. It was instinctual. Being close to Sherlock was as natural as breathing. His lips moved to his Adam’s apple, mouthing it, and John felt him swallow. John giggled and told Sherlock why, and Sherlock gave an annoyed
When they were alone, Sherlock felt like he was going to be sick.
“But not
“Sherlock,” John chuckled into the kiss, “I’m losing you. Are you getting lost in your head again?”
“Your body needs to rest up. I’ll be right here lying with you. We can deal with your statement to Lestrade and all that rubbish tomorrow, okay?”
“Christmas Day?!”
When Sherlock got home, his heart was aching, and he didn’t really know why. John liked the roses. They made him blush. He said it was thoughtful.
Sherlock’s eyes moved under his lids, a crinkle forming between his brow. His eyes cracked open, unfocused.
“I’m tired of being in this bloody suit. Can you run home and grab me a change of clothes?”
John didn’t think he ever saw Sherlock look so confused. “Why, what?” Sherlock asked. “Why are you my friend?”
“No, you woke up for a second, but I told you not to get up.”
“It doesn’t,” Sherlock said.
He lifted his head. Of course. This was not an ideal place for a serious conversation. “That would probably be for the best. Where should we--?”
“She’ll manage,” Sherlock said breathlessly.
They stood there, wrapped up in their own heads about Mary.
Sherlock’s jaw dropped, affronted. “I do
“I know because she told me,” Amy said.
“She’s a darling little girl,” she commented, standing Rosie up on her lap, hands underneath her armpits.
Sherlock almost strutted in the room like a peacock. He had missed John’s combination of care and exasperation. It was one of the things that made him John.
To his surprise, John texted him the next evening after the scotch.
“Yeah?”
John looked up. “Friends don’t let each other down like that.”
“Does Mary know where you are?” Sherlock asked suddenly.
Sherlock crawled under his duvet and sheets and pulled the covers over his head, wanting to feel like he was in his own world. He needed to think. Mary was going to tell John about Sherlock’s feelings. He had absolutely no doubt she would follow up on her threat. Perhaps there was a way Sherlock could prevent the end of their friendship. If, and this was a big if, John didn’t want him
That made John snort. “What a comfort.” He rubbed her back. “She’s one, you said?”
“Then you don’t have to,” Sherlock told him. “She’s gone from our lives now. We can move on completely. She’s not worth your thoughts.”
“Sherlock, you were fine. It really wasn’t a big deal. I just wish you had told me you were--close.”
She shook her head. “Those bastards. I knew something was wrong when you didn’t come home after texting me,” he turned to John.
“Thank you for bringing this up,” John told her.
“No, it wasn’t,” he interrupted, eyes still closed. “It was more than that, and you know it.”
There was a slight pause, his brow furrowing deeper. “You misunderstand me. I want to stop acting this way and be with you. That’s the whole point, although I may not have made it well. I didn’t pull away because of
Sherlock was out for the greater part of the day, eyes occasionally opening only to roll and close again, and John wasn’t sure he was even more than 20% awake at those times. Nurses came in to check on him a few times, and at one point the doctor came in to explain the anatomy of the bullet wound to John, but he knew all of that already. The rest of the day passed in a strange haze. He only got up to use the loo, and it wasn’t until he went to pull down his trousers that he realized he wasn’t in trousers at all--he was still in his pajamas. He sat there during the night thinking of when he ran up to Mary, beaming and telling her that Sherlock had made it. He felt like such a fool, now, but he supposed in that timeline, he would always be an idiot. Not that it mattered, he supposed, since this was apparently reality now. Or whatever. He didn’t fucking know.
“I do,” John said quickly. “I’m not trying to imply anything. It was what my brain conjured up, though.”
The corner of John’s mouth twitched upwards. “Hm, I imagine not. Still, as painful as before?”
They cleaned up in the loo and decided to talk on Sherlock’s (their) bed. Sherlock got under the covers, even though it was only a quarter to noon. John shrugged to himself and got under the blankets with him, holding out his arms.
“Later,” Sherlock repeated.
“Look at him,” Lestrade’s brow contorted in confusion, “he’s out cold.”
“And then,” John went on, his voice rising a little, “after you got upset, I came into your home and said you couldn’t be in a relationship if you tried.” He stopped rubbing his back again and moved to look up at Sherlock. “I really hurt you,” he said quietly, his face wracked with guilt.
An alternative title for this chapter would be "The Big Emotional Confrontation Chapter That Appears in All My Fics" lol
That hurt.
John’s hands attacked his sides, and a loud, startled fit of laughter burst from his mouth. John was grinning wildly above him, looking like a child opening a Christmas present. Sherlock couldn’t stop laughing and he kicked his legs. “John! J--John! Stop!” He turned onto his side to try to curl away from John.
“I know everything,” he said reflexively.
Sherlock’s jaw hurt from clenching it so tightly. He closed his eyes, feeling two tears escape the corners of his eyes. He cursed inwardly. He was completely broken. If someone told him a year ago, or even six months ago, that he would cry in front of a serial killer because he was in love with John, he would have scoffed. How far he had fallen.
“I can’t believe I’m tired again,” he said with a frown, rearranging his face so his mouth brushed against the shell of John’s ear. “When will I stop sleeping like an infant?”
John couldn’t tell if the scandalized expression on his face was from being flustered, or from the term of endearment.
Culverton said, “Secret door. I built this whole wing. I can slip in and out anywhere I like, you know...” He paused, looking like he was struggling to control himself. “When I get the urge,” he finished.
Sherlock heaved a long, shaky sigh. He suffered for two years as he took down Moriarty’s web for John. But, no, John didn’t know that. Sherlock never told him. It never really came up. Surely John put the pieces together? Perhaps not. Sherlock planned John’s wedding for him (as painful as that was), went against his heart’s desire and tried to save his marriage, and shot a man for him. Sherlock wouldn’t do those things for just a friend, but maybe other people would. Maybe this was how normal people behaved. He didn’t think that was the case, but he always had a difficult time with what dictated a normal friendship. Perhaps John really didn’t see how much Sherlock had done for him, and Sherlock reminded himself that all of these acts of love might not make him an actual suitable romantic partner. He was still rude, irritating, and insufferable. He knew that.
“John,” he chuckled softly, “you’re suggesting fate put us together?”
“Arse.” It felt really fucking good to have his head against the pillow. He felt like a ragdoll, tired enough from getting little sleep, and his mind...feeling weird. Things were horrible when he got home to find Sherlock high, they cried a lot, and hearing about Sherlock’s past was a punch to the gut, but he felt calmer now, and better than he did at the beginning of the night. Of course, the main reason for that was finding out Sherlock wanted him, too, but also because John felt like he really understood him now. “I’m glad you told me all of that,” John lightly placed his hand on Sherlock’s atop the covers. “I know it was hard for you.”
“A bit, but the clothes were making it worse.”
“She said she knew I love you, and if I interfered with your marriage more, she would tell you, thus ruining our friendship.”
“You could have talked to John about it like a normal person instead of telling a very serious lie,” Sherlock said.
the thought of Mary anymore. He was tired of her constant, looming presence in their lives that continued after her death. He wanted to build a life with John now that the worst was over, but it felt like they could never truly move on. Rosie was a constant reminder of Mary, although it wasn’t her fault and he did love her. He wished John never met Mary, but Rosie still existed. He knew that was impossible. His mind wasn’t working efficiently.
“Thank you,” flashed him a grin.
Sherlock didn’t really think so, but this was the only thing he could do. He needed to savor John’s friendship while it lasted, and attempt to prove that he could be a capable partner, on the outside chance that would prevent John from severing all ties with him. What did he have to lose? He had to at least
She knocked on the door, “Doctor Watson? You have a patient. He’s not scheduled, but he’s injured.”
“Hmm?”
“I can’t wait to live with you again,” John breathed, resting their foreheads together.
She nodded silently, looking down at the table. “You didn’t think Sherlock would have come back.”
He silently nodded.
She turned around and grabbed it by the arm, showing him.
EDIT: expect violence in this chapter!
“You thought he cared about you more.”
A deep gasp came from above, and John pulled off him, about to ask if Sherlock were okay, but his cock twitched at the sight of his face, flushed more than John had ever seen, mouth open in a heart shape.
A window rolled down, revealing Mycroft’s face. “Get in, Doctor Watson. Someone has requested you.”
John ate another mouthful of toast. A whole year. How much had happened in one fucking year? He nearly cheated on his wife, then she fled the country, got shot to save the man she tried to kill in the first place, he shut himself down for weeks, and he didn’t need to think about the whole Culverton ordeal again. All in a fucking year. John rubbed his eyes. Upon reflection, he wasn’t really sure if his life was better or worse a year ago. Mary was with him a year ago, but his relationship with Sherlock had been better.
“There were no photos of you two. It’ll be my lock screen.”
“But not until--”
“You’re really glad to see him again, aren’t you?”
he thought.
John’s brow was furrowed, but he didn’t necessarily look distressed. “When I was going through her pajamas, I saw this pink bunny onesie. I—I think I remember her wearing it before.”
Sherlock was standing there, holding John’s coat. His disguise of glasses and a penciled-on mustache were gone. His jaw was clenched and his lips were pressed together tightly. He clearly didn’t know what to do, and his eyes were suspiciously shiny.
John could only gape at him. “I don’t understand. I hit you.” In the spur of the moment, he reached up and placed his thumb on the scab next to Sherlock’s eyebrow. “I did this,” he whispered.
But they couldn’t, not ever, and that was something Sherlock fundamentally did not understand. Even if it hadn’t been for whatever the fuck kind of timeline jump John did, they would have never been the same after the Fall in any scenario, with Mary or without her. He wanted to weep for their lost dynamic, but he couldn’t.
Fuck, he didn’t know. Maybe. John opened his mouth to speak. The first time this happened, he was furious, but now, John was just
John looked at him curiously.
John’s solid, comforting weight on top of him made his eyes close and a rumble release from his chest.
They both turned around and faced each other.
John brushed his sweaty hair from the shell of his ear. “In all seriousness, you are okay, right?”
John feigned surprise. “Do you?”
John groaned. “Why’d you ruin the mood?”
He nodded slowly. “Yes.” He stood up straighter, scratching at the gauze across his chest absentmindedly. “Yes, I was merely disorientated. Not used to waking up to company,” he explained simply.
John felt like he was getting nowhere. “If you were good enough to sneak into Sherlock Holmes’ bedroom undetected, how’d you get caught with Magnussen?”
And, god damn it, John thought of the other Sherlock.
Sherlock stayed silent, waiting for her to continue, and a little surprised by her temper.
“I know,” John said. “With us, it’s always complicated.”
She rolled her eyes, tossing the bucket aside. “I told you, Sherlock. I simply offered her money. She’s homeless and she needed it. Simple. John told me about your network before, and I thought at least one of them would be able to help me, so I picked one that seemed particularly vulnerable.”
“Of course I do.”
Sherlock didn’t finish his sentence, but it was a rejection.“I…” What could he say?
“John, can we lie down?” he asked. “My chest is heavy.”
“Why not?”
Sherlock stiffened. “John, please--”
“Mhm.”
“No, no, no,” John murmured, taking his hand and placing it back down by his side. “Don’t touch it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock made a negative sound in his throat, wanting John to stop talking and keep kissing him. The firm, hot pressure of John’s lips on his made his mind fuzzy, but pleasantly so, and he groaned quietly when John sucked on his bottom lip. His mouth closed around John’s upper lip and he sucked lightly, and he was unaware he was getting harder. Having John kiss him hard and to hold him so close was slowly overwhelming Sherlock. His hand tightened on John’s hip when their tongues touched, and their kiss deepened to a slow, wet, sloppy glide of lips and tongues. Sherlock’s heart was trying to beat its way out of his chest. If he had been more aware of his action, he would know that his thumb was going to leave a large bruise on John’s grip from his tight hold. He wrapped his arm around John’s waist and pulling him as close as possible, their hips aligning, cocks touching.
“You know that’s not how it works,” he said. “You’re probably going to go through hell with withdrawal.”
John looked up at him, curiosity in his eyes.
“I just wanted to do that,” his deep voice shook.
John laughed lightly. “I can’t picture you anywhere but Baker Street. Yeah, we’ll move in. Thank you--”
“A sound deduction,” Sherlock said, but his voice was hollow.
Sherlock almost jumped when he felt hands on his knees and his eyes flew open.
John smirked. “That you are, Sherlock,” he said fondly.
He inspected the wound. “If you’re very careful, then yes. It might be a good idea.”
John licked his lips, cursing internally when he felt the corners of his eyes start to sting. “Do you really have nothing to say?” His throat was too tight, and his voice was beginning to crack. Sherlock was staring at him like a deer caught in headlights, and John recognized that look. Sherlock wore the same expression when Mary died and John looked up at him with fury, accusing him of not keeping his vow. John choked out a cut off sob that startled them both and drew the attention of people from the nearby tables, but John pressed on, “Do you have any idea what I went through?” But the question hurt, because he wasn’t talking about the two years of mourning from the Fall, but Sherlock had no way of knowing that. He didn’t know of what their lives would turn into after this, and it was too much for John.
“You have no idea,” he said darkly.
“Right, that’s what I’m saying. I’m not sure what’s causing this, or how to stop it.”
That was never a good sign. Sherlock didn’t want to talk about it. Why did John? John never wanted to talk about anything. Out of all the things to possibly talk about between the two of them, John wanted to discuss
John breathed hard out his nose, screwing his eyes shut, hands shaking, self-hatred slowly churning in his gut, feeling acidic. “Even if it never happened in reality,” he nearly whispered, “you know I have anger issues, and it’s not impossible for that to happen. It scared me, Sherlock.” He opened his eyes when large fingers curled around his wrist.
John still had some questions, but his mind was spinning, and holding on to the part about her permanently leaving the continent. “Erm, yes.”
Then, he heard John’s speak to him, voice fond and gravelly, “Sherlock, go to bed.”
John had no idea what to do about his emotional state, but he saw that Sherlock was clearly putting stress on his wound. Fighting past the lump in his throat, he approached Sherlock, reaching out his hands to stop his pacing.
“I was afraid of ruining us. I didn’t think you did this, and I’m sorry. I feel like I’ve misunderstood you for a long time.”
“I’ll walk down with you,” John said. “I have to stop by Mrs. Hudson’s.”
Sherlock felt like he could cry from the uncertainty he felt. This was torture. “John?”
Sherlock did, heart fluttering in anticipation as he resettled on the mattress. He then felt John’s arm wrap around his middle and his chest press against his back. Warm breath fanned over his neck, and he fought back a shiver. John nuzzled his nose into Sherlock’s curls and kissed the shell of his ear.
Sherlock could only gape and nod dumbly.
John couldn’t hold back a snort of laughter. “I guess the whole sexy undressing bit has gone over your head?”
“Would it feel better if you took off your own clothes?”
John smiled back because he was supposed to, but in a way he felt like a phony, because for him, Sherlock had been back for nearly a year and a half. “Yeah,” he said. “I can’t really process it all, to be honest with you. I don’t really know how to feel.”
If he were honest with himself, Sherlock could say he still felt guilt over that, although he considered himself even with Janine after the fake sex stories. “I had my reasons,” he insisted.
The core conflict of John thinking Sherlock likes Irene etc., etc., will return, but this chapter just kind of happened lol.
Sherlock was busy eating his second slice of cake.
“Her enemies are expecting her to board a plane,” Sherlock spoke for the first time in awhile, looking up. “It would have been dangerous for her to board a plane in--in the country she was in,” he caught himself, “and I’d told her long ago that if she ever needed anything, I would assist her.”
John sank back into the kitchen chair, knees feeling wobbly from standing for so long, and he put his face in his hands. He thought he would feel happy, but it felt absolutely drained. It was just as dreadful as he feared. She completely mortified him, used his grief against him. She hit him where it hurt. Did the other Mary really not care, too? John lifted his head from his hands when he realized the flat was silent. He turned and saw Sherlock, peeking from his bedroom, the door ajar.
“Yeah?” John’s face was hot against his will. He didn’t know where this was going.
John suppressed a shiver at the feeling of his lips on his skin. “I’m sorry for hurting and misunderstanding you, and trying to leave you. I won’t do any of that anymore. I’ll never stop loving you,” he confessed quietly, “will you let me in? I know you’re nervous, but it’s all right. I am, too. I’m terrified of us.”
, thought. They were going to be together, and watch Rosie grow into a beautiful girl, and no one was going to stop them.
sake, John!” he said sharply, shooting up from the bed forcefully to stand on the other side of it.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Sherlock said, and he meant it. “You were doing it in the privacy of your home. I was the one who barged in.”
“Well, I can rub your scalp, if that’ll help?”
John felt Sherlock’s abdomen tighten in a shuddering inhale. Sherlock let out a shaky exhale, but his playing continued on.
“Yeah,” John nodded.
“I don’t understand why you’ve been so caught up in your dreams lately,” Sherlock said, brow furrowed, “even before I was put in the hospital.”
By 7:00 the next morning, John’s clothes were in Sherlock’s closet, his old family photos were in a trunk under the bed, his books were on the shelves in the sitting room, and his former bedroom upstairs had been converted into Rosie’s room. Sherlock secretly took John’s gun and put it in the drawer in his bedside table. The crew didn’t need to know about that. He took all the photos from the wedding and put them through a shredder. Fortunately, any other pictures of Mary were on John’s phone, so he deleted them along with her number and old text conversations. The only trace of her left was the ring on John’s finger and Rosie. Just like that, it was if she never existed. Sherlock’s hand ghosted over the scar on his chest. Well, almost.
John was upset, yes, but growing increasingly concerned. What was wrong with Sherlock? “I can’t leave when you’re like this. You’re holding yourself. Does it hurt?”
It was Mary.
“Yeah.” He sipped his red wine. Sherlock didn’t have a glass, thinking being in less control would only make him feel worse tonight. “Hey, I’m supposed to exercise a bit. Want to walk home once we’re finished?”
Sherlock’s chest was filled with warmth as John’s mouth found his in a hot, wet kiss. Loving each other for the rest of their lives sounded perfect, and they would both be true to their word. They would put everything behind them, all of the misunderstandings and Mary. Why should they have cared about anything else in the world, now that they knew they could be together? To them, that was all that ever really mattered--them going from Sherlock and John to Sherlock-and-John: one unit, two halves of one soul.
How could he do this to John? How could he be so shortsighted? John was going to be upset and alone and it was because of his actions. He wasn’t responsible for Mary’s lie, but if he had been able to take control over his feelings, then John could have been left with a friend after it all blew over. Suddenly, his eyes were stinging, and he wiped his tears away roughly.
John figured Sherlock would want to more or less be in the same position they were, so he quickly went to the bed and sat against the headboard, holding out his arms so Sherlock could go on top of him and hide his face again, if he wanted to.
“And cold cases usually don’t take too long,” John pointed out.
“Yes. We split up to look for you. I found you first.”
“Yeah,” John said hollowly. “I told her I’m not. She doesn’t believe me. She…” he trailed off, and wouldn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock smiled, and it seemed genuine. “Likewise.”
John felt horrible. “Sherlock--”
“Well, not every day,” John said. Was Sherlock actually upset by this? “Besides, it’ll be good for her to get on a sort of schedule.”
John shrugged his shoulders with a snort. “Christ, it feels like I’ve woken up in the Twilight Zone, but,” he grinned a little, incredulous, “at least this bit is good news.”
Or so they thought.
The question seemed to have surprised him. “I’m great,” he said frankly. He ducked his head a little again, not being used to sharing his emotions this openly like the other Sherlock was by the end. “You’ve given me the shock of my life, but,” he grinned, “I’m happy. This is a lot to take in, admittedly.” He bit his bottom lip. “There’s still something that doesn’t quite feel real about this; I think it’s because I didn’t consider this to be a possibility.”
They spent the rest of the day barely speaking to each other in sour moods. John couldn’t help but feel some self-pity. He always thought he and Sherlock fit together quite nicely, despite their misunderstandings. Was he not the
He squeezed his eyes shut briefly, but when he opened them, he still didn’t look at John. “It’s like I told you; I’m afraid.” He huffed in frustration. “It’s so horribly pedestrian--”
John looked conflicted. "Maybe. I dunno. Or just try to find a way to meet this guy. In a public place, obviously, just to be safe."
John swallowed, licking his lips. “I’ll be right back to get my kit.”
John rolled his eyes. “I don’t get riled up that easily. I’m just saying. Besides, it’s still new to me. Not bad at all, but new.”
“Yeah, just asking how I am. He said you nearly killed the fucker who hit me, so thanks for that.”
John couldn’t help but chuckle, and Sherlock moaned again, throwing his head to the other side. “
“Yeah,” John folded the paper and put it back in his pocket, the worried line in between his eyebrows more pronounced. “It’s just--”
“Are you wearing pants under that?” he asked, hiding his smirk behind his fist.
Sherlock stared at him, and then pulled the duvet up to his collarbone. “I think I’ll sleep now,” he said with a definitive tone.
John did, with a small little twist in his chest. Sherlock hadn’t mentioned anything about the development of their relationship last night.
Sherlock rolled over on his back, grimacing and holding his chest.
“No,” John winced, not wanting to think of the Culverton period in their lives. “I got married to Mary.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “What’s so funny, John?”
“I didn’t think you’d come back--or be back so soon,” Sherlock said quickly, and the hand down by his side picked at the fabric of his pajama pants. He was breathing out of his mouth, eyes still as wide as ever, “But I hurt you. Why are you back?” he demanded.
“I kept this note in my pocket, but brought the bottle home, because I obviously have no use for it at the clinic. I can’t drink on the job. I told Mary that I bought it, and she believed me until she did the laundry today and found that note in my pocket. I was a fucking idiot for forgetting about it,” he frowned.
“You’ve shaved,” John said suddenly.
John didn’t know how long he lay there until a loud beeping sound came from Sherlock’s coat. Did he have his phone in there?
John tried to shrug it off. “I wasn’t going to let you keep bleeding all over your clothes. The blood could’ve gotten on my arms when I tried to hug you.”
“Started your daily screaming?” he asked her, wiping the tears away from her red, chubby cheeks. “C’mon. Let’s get you breakfast.”
Oh, right. Of course. He didn’t need John to tell him that he and Rosie had been spending most days apart since Mary’s death. This was a good sign, though. “That’s nice,” Sherlock said, lowering the bottle.
“I guess,” John said slowly. “Wouldn’t it have been easier to adopt an older child, one that requires less maintenance?”
John laughed a little. “This is thanks to you.”
“Good. I’m tired.”
“I--I don’t know,” he said. “I don’t know anyone with that name.”
John sat up and then clutched his head, letting out a grunt of pain.
Sherlock nodded, eyes instinctively going to John’s lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmm, Sherlock,” John breathed, heart fluttering. He liked when Sherlock held him.
John looked unhappy, to say the least. Somehow the bags under his eyes seemed more pronounced, and the lines in his face were deeper than they had been just a few hours ago.
“No,” John shook his head. “He has the right to speak. I brought him here because he’s always been important to our relationship.”
Sherlock allowed himself to grin. “I’m glad you think so.”
She made an interested sound, but didn’t say anything to that.
John rolled his eyes. “You still don’t know his name?” he asked.
“What, that I find your intelligence attractive? I do, I do.” John had the urge to press his body against Sherlock’s. He held it back. “But come on, you’d play up your looks to get information out of clients on cases, or get Molly to do something for you. You should stop doing that, by the way.”
Sherlock took his hand away.
John smiled at him then. “You’re biased.”
Sherlock went on. “You feel guilty for hurting me, but let me tell you that you have nothing to apologize for.”
That's the end! I never thought this story would get this long or get so much love, but I thank you so, so much. I'm going to miss writing this, but I think now is a good time to end it.
Sherlock was curled up in the sheets, cheeks pink, fringe a mess on his forehead, blue eyes soft and fuzzy with sleep. His face was visible only by the light from the loo they had forgotten to shut, and the clock told John it was half past two.
That was proof, wasn’t it? She had meant to kill him. She wanted to kill Sherlock because he found out that she was lying about everything. She was prepared to lie to John for their entire lives, and lied more, even after being exposed, and left John and Rosie to go on her little mission without talking to him. They were supposed to talk things through, damn it! Did she not consider him important enough to include? She only sung his praises when he and Sherlock cornered her. Did she really think he was a good man, or was that an act, too? But, actually, it didn’t matter. It didn’t fucking matter. Actions spoke louder than words, and while she said he was a good man and all that shit, she was petty and unreliable. She belittled him and thought she could get away with treating him like garbage. He cheated, yeah, and that wasn’t right, but he only wanted someone else because he was so bloody
Sherlock turned his head and buried it in between the crook of John’s neck and the pillow, releasing a little breath of contentment.
“Here I am,” he said lamely. He was almost certain that he had seen Sherlock at the window not even forty seconds ago. Did he rush to his chair when he saw John coming? That was strange. “Um, how are you?” he asked, walking to his chair.
“You’re not even going to stay until he wakes up?” John asked, although he didn’t especially want Mycroft in the room. His feelings were so mixed--there was the Mary situation, but he remembered how genuinely torn up Mycroft was on the plane when Sherlock overdosed.
He didn’t know what he expected John’s next email to say, but it wasn’t this.
Do you want The Final Problem to exist in this universe? Here's the thing: I would not write Eurus into this story. I don't want to deal with her. But, I want Sherlock's childhood trauma associated with the Redbeard situation to play a role. I won't spoil what I have in mind (not that it's a huge deal), but if you want John's first timeline to end with The Lying Detective, then I can find a way to work around it. Like I said, though, if TFP were to exist, you wouldn't have to worry about Eurus making an appearance. Let me know, please.
So why did he feel so hollow?
John must have remembered because he snorted. “So you’ve said. Well, I’ve got to go to work.” The corner of his mouth pulled into a small smirk. “I guess I’ll see if this bloke keeps it up for today, eh?”
John noticed his emotional state, though, and breathed a soft
“Come with me, Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said from the doorway.
“We’ve got to go see Sherlock today,” he told Rosie as he carried her back to his room. “I want to spend more time with you, and I promise I will, but this needs to be done.”
” He grabbed and pulled at his hair again.
“No.”
John’s arm fell, the heart monitor beeping quickly. “You’re supposed to be dead,” he whispered.
“Oh,” Lestrade immediately turned sympathetic. Under normal circumstances, John hated being talked to like that, but he needed it now. “Oh,” he said again. “Fuck, John. I always suspected there was something between you two, but I thought it was on his part, too.”
John looked down, too. He shouldn’t have been mad at Lestrade. “So, I left the flat immediately.”
An agonizing pause. Then, John asked, “Were you ever planning on telling me? Were you going to keep me in the dark for the rest of our lives?” He sounded hurt.
Sherlock’s lips wobbled, the bottom one pouting. “You always made me feel that way. No one ever made me feel...” His looked down, a crease forming between his eyebrows, seeming to struggle internally. He looked up from under his lashes. “You made me feel worthy.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened by a fraction, tired, lazy movements freezing, and this was a bad idea, but John kept babbling. “I know you said romance isn’t your thing, but, I think it should be.”
“It’s a little better than a couple nights ago, but these feel rather unpleasant,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock ran his thumb over the tip. “Like this.”
“She’s still eating,” Mrs. Hudson said.
Was that all? He used to be able to spend hours with Sherlock without thinking a single minute had gone by. In his heart of hearts, though, he knew Irene wasn’t solely to blame; Sherlock was already giving him the silent treatment (or violin treatment, whatever) after one serious conversation. “Yeah, but I’ll be back here Saturday with Rosie.”
“He had information on her life as an assassin which she wanted gone,” Mycroft explained. "He was a serial blackmailer. Perhaps his men attacked you in attempt to get to her?"
“I don’t mean to bring down your mood,” John said quickly. “Just be safe, for me.”
Sherlock was trying to appear bored, but John could tell he was actually embarrassed, and felt for him. John wasn’t comfortable, either, but it wasn’t the first time something like this happened. A memory of one of his ex-girlfriend’s father walking in on them as John was pulling up his pants popped up, and he shook it away. That was a bad day.
This chapter is basically a conversation lol, but don't worry, they're not even close to sorting things out :D
Sherlock was hard.
“No,” Rosie pushed the piece of banana away.
Sherlock.
“You were ignoring a terrorist threat?” John asked.
, too. Would you say that’s selfish?”
why you didn’t come home.” Like John, the anger in her seemed to be diminishing, too.
Sherlock yelled out, piercing pain erupting. Was that really necessary?!
Mary was coming back soon.
“I wish we’d gotten together earlier, as well. Trust me.”
“I like to watch it happen,” he whispered.
“Are you warmer?” Sherlock asked tactfully.
Sherlock masked his expression as best he could. “I’m only saying I won’t willingly leave you again.”
“What does?”
None of that was on Sherlock’s mind now, however, because he was currently curled up in a chair beside a hospital bed. While wrestling with the moronic thief, an accomplice struck John in the head with a metal bar. He had fallen to the ground like a sack of rocks, and Sherlock nearly killed them both. Now here he was, watching John lie there. He had been unconscious for two weeks.
“I can’t wait for her to leave.”
“What’ve you got against
He had no idea what to say. Well, no, he had a million things to say, but he knew John wanted to hear none of them.  He had to lie. “I’m thirsty from the suffocation. Would you get me a water bottle from the machine down the hall?”
His heart was a jackhammer. “Nothing.” The question that had been circling the back of his mind for over a week was too much to voice. It was building up, begging to be asked, but John was afraid. “Nothing,” he said sternly.
“What?” he smirked. “She’s not exactly young, John.”
There was Rosie, too. In a little while, he would go downstairs and fetch her from Mrs. Hudson, feed her dinner, change her nappy, play with her, bathe her, put her to bed, and all with Sherlock by his side. That reminded him.
John gave him a look. “Sherlock.”
John pressed their lips together because looking at Sherlock was too much for him to bear. He couldn’t let Sherlock see the wetness in his eyes; he didn’t want him to be stressed. “I’m so glad we found each other,” he said against his lips, but his voice was hoarse.
“Facial hair doesn’t suit you,” he said bluntly.
Sherlock heard the door shut and she was gone.
“And I think you’re a moron,” Sherlock mumbled and kissed his chest. “An utter imbecile.”
Sherlock’s lips pressed against his.
“This crossed too many lines,” he waved a hand.
Sherlock glanced at him, eyes red from crying earlier. He looked down at his hand. “You weren’t my first friend,” he said quietly. “When I was a child, I had one--well, perhaps two best friends, if canines count.”
“Please do,” he said, averting his eyes, finding Lestrade’s gaze intimidating for the first time in his life.
“As I expected,” John placed the glass on the bedside table for him. “Your wound looks about as good as it can right now, from my end.”
Sherlock grew alarmed, eyes growing wide. “John!” he gasped, his wild, drugged eyes finding John. “John,” he said gravely, “Mary, John!” The heart monitor began beeping faster, and somehow, Sherlock looked paler. “She’s--Mary!”
Sherlock blinked rapidly, and he fumbled to kick off his shoes and take off his coat. In his pajamas now (and barefoot--he must not have put on socks to leave the house), he crawled across the mattress to sit next to John. “Yes?” he asked nervously.
After Sherlock was finished, he took his medication without protest, carefully made his way over to the sofa, flipped on the television, and proceeded to ignore John.
He looked back at him. “You had a hard time admitting we were friends in Baskerville, but now you’re married to me? How’d that leap happen?”
That traitor! But Sherlock had no time to be angry at Lestrade now. His jaw dropped, his heart raced, and he stopped breathing. John knew. His mouth shut with a click of his teeth, he started breathing again, and his eyes closed in shame, his cheeks heating, heart twisting. That was
John opened the door, and found Sherlock standing by the window across the room in his red dressing gown. He looked at John in surprise. He was thinner than the other Sherlock, still recovering from the throes of addiction just a handful of weeks ago. His shoulders were hunched more, weighed down by an unseen pressure, and there were lines around his eyes that weren’t there three years ago.
“And I’m a widower who stayed married to an assassin until her dying breath!” John threw his hands in the air. “At least your situation is bloody normal.”
John kissed behind his ear, and gently pushed Sherlock so he was leaning back against the chair. He brought a knee up the the cushion, next to Sherlock’s thigh, and kept one leg braced on the floor. He leaned down and started kissing Sherlock’s chest (the uninjured side, of course), hyper-aware that this was the most intimate place his mouth had ever been, and it would only get better. His chest was just as pale as the rest of him, and John couldn’t resist nipping just below his collarbone, wanting to leave the skin red. He sucked the skin, finishing it off with a straight-up bite. Sherlock’s breath hitched, hands flying to the arms of the chair and gripping.
How could John say he couldn’t be in a relationship? He never gave Sherlock a chance!
“Relationship-type stuff?” he asked, looking up.
"--but if he is some stalker, I can take him. I'll punch that fucker in the face if he's some prick."
The strangest thing happened. John wasn’t shocked. He wasn’t enraged. He just...he knew. Now that Irene said it, everything fell into place. It was like he just received the puzzle piece he hadn’t known he was missing. Once it was said, it was clear that in the deepest recesses of his mind, he knew. The anxiety in his gut turned into ice, and another unsettling chill slithered down his spine. He swore he felt his skin break out into gooseflesh under his shirt.
“You couldn’t have,” Sherlock said, watching him intensely.
“I don’t see why you wouldn’t be,” John said with a grim smile. “She’s here, right in your flat, and she likes you. What’s the problem?” He almost spat the question, and he told himself to calm down. Getting angry was not good, especially with Rosie in his arms.
“No, I’m fine,” Sherlock denied with a grumble, standing upright. He wasn’t looking at her. “Would you give me and John a moment of privacy?”
John laughed and kissed him, giggling quietly into the seam of his lips.
Once Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Rosie were in the other room and out of earshot, Sherlock shut the doors separating the sitting room and kitchen. He turned to Irene. “Tell me everything you know about Rosamund.”
“No?”
we know the truth about each other.”
“Yes, but I’m glad you’re okay.”
John’s shoulders slumped, and his heart dropped into his gut.
“Cake now,” John said, thinking it might clear out some of the weirdness in the air. “I can hold her for that,” he held out his arms. “Ready to have cake?” he asked Rosie with a grin.
Sherlock is getting more unethical and this is getting more fun to write lol. I hope it's clear that he is guilty about this and he isn't like season 1 level of not caring about manipulating people.
John couldn’t tell if he was just not rising to the bait, or if he missed the flirtatious tone of her voice.
John pulled back from the hug enough so they could look at each other. His eyes were shining with unshed tears. That sight alone nearly tore Sherlock’s heart out. John swallowed. “And I’m sorry for acting like a dick,” he said hoarsely. His eyes flickered downwards, and then back up to Sherlock’s. “Let me ask you something.” His lips pulled down in a firm frown. “Did you do this because of what I said to you?” His arms started to fall away from Sherlock’s body, but Sherlock didn’t want the hug to end.
“What do we do now, John?” Sherlock asked into his neck.
John broke their kiss, looked at him with dazed, hooded eyes, and kissed him again, harder this time. He pulled Sherlock’s body so they were completely pressed against one another, and Sherlock’s crotch touched John’s lower abdomen. The first touch of John’s tongue against the seam of his lips made his breath hitch in surprised, and John licked into his mouth, his tongue hot and the sensation more arousing than Sherlock could have ever imagined. Unlike in the romance movies that Mrs. Hudson forced him to watch with her, though, John did not start sucking his tongue or anything of the sort; his tongue left his mouth, and he went back to open-mouthed, hard kisses, and Sherlock thought he preferred that, his cock twitching with interest. His cheeks heated up and he wrapped his arms around John’s neck, sighing happily into the kiss. Each hot, wet press of John’s lips against his made him gradually harden, and he felt dizzy with bliss. They stood in the sitting room kissing for long, glorious minutes, the quiet flat echoing with the sounds of their lips breaking apart and sliding back together. They were pressing wet, sloppy kisses on each other's mouths, John's hands tightening around his narrow waist, a delicious, low groan coming from his throat and sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock felt John sigh. “I think it’s going to take us a long time to really be okay, Sherlock.”
“She cried and defecated a lot.” He may not have been there all the time, but she was over the flat enough for him to know that was true.
John was awoken by the sound of voices. He reluctantly opened his eyes, which were aching from crying and lack of sleep. He didn’t know how long he slept, but knew it couldn’t have been more than a couple hours. In a way, it felt like he hadn’t slept at all. There was no moment of grogginess where he wondered what happened. Sherlock pulling away from him was at the center of his thoughts, the frightened, light eyes burned into John’s memory. He sat up, rubbing his eye with one knuckle, and saw Lestrade standing at his front door.
John’s mouth worked wordlessly. He cleared his throat and swallowed. “You’re doing a fine job already,” he said roughly.
This still wasn’t the right time. He didn’t want Sherlock to touch him because he felt like he had to, and he didn’t want their first time to be the result of his horny dreams. “No, no I’m--I can manage.” He cringed. God, why was this so difficult? “I think I’m going to, uh,” he cleared his throat, “go to the loo, get ready for the day, get Rosie up.”
That made Sherlock smirk.
Sherlock struggled to look up at him.
“Please tell me,” John stroked his knuckles. “Please, Sherlock.”
His heart stopped. “You did?” he tried not to sound urgent. “Tell me.”
“Even so,” he folded his hands behind his back, appearing self-conscious, “I shouldn’t have kicked you out of my room last night after all you’ve done for me since I returned. It was childish of me.”
Right?
“No, I need to do this. You need to hear it. I’m sorry for taking out all of my anger on you. I’m so,
John didn't mind at all. He returned the pressure, but still kept the kiss light.
“Shut up,” John kissed his cheekbone.
“Don’t mention it,” Sherlock said, and took his phone out of his pocket and dialed Mycroft’s number.
“Why are you here?” Sherlock asked, struggling to sit up, jaw clenching.
Sherlock kissed him, their lips smacking loudly, feeling like warm honey was filling his heart.
“How ‘bout we go see Sherlock after you’re done?” he asked her, watching her stuff another small piece of dry cereal into her mouth. “He sent me a text yesterday saying he wants to see you.” He paused. “I suppose I don’t have to justify this to you, do I?” He thought seeing Sherlock would be good for Rosie, too. She had been shoved from person to person so much that John wanted her to have some stability, get to know the same handful of faces better.
“It’s back at the house with Mary.”
Irene was wearing a red dressing gown much too big for her. It was loose around her shoulders, revealing bare skin. Sherlock’s dressing gown. She was naked under Sherlock’s dressing gown.
John grabbed him by the shoulder and spun him around, confused, concerned, and a little bit angry. “What the hell happened in there?”
“Don’t care. If I’m so easy to read, what am I angry about?”
John wasn’t really sure if being on Sherlock’s bed was going to make anything less uncomfortable, but protesting wouldn’t help, either. He sat on the edge of the mattress, turning so he was facing Sherlock and the laptop. Thankfully, the bed was big enough so they weren’t too close. He had only been in Sherlock’s room a handful of times when he lived here, and he never actually sat on his bed.
“We’ll get it tomorrow,” Sherlock shrugged. “It’s all right. You’ve had a long day.”
“I can see your brain struggling,” Mary looked down at him with a fake pout. “It’s simple, Sherlock. I offered her money to get you where I wanted you.”
Sorry I couldn't get this out to you sooner. I got a cold last week. It wasn't anything serious, and I'm fine now, but it was enough to make me too tired to write.
John shook his head in disbelief. He pictured Sherlock, alone and depressed downstairs, shooting up while thinking of him. He was about to apologize again, but knew Sherlock hated redundancy. “You need to take care of yourself,” he said. “I don’t want you hurting yourself, ever, but especially not for me when I’m being a fucking prick.”
“I.” His voice was high. He swallowed. “I like whatever you want.”
She seemed a little grumpy from being woken up, but that was about it.
Sherlock was torn between loving this and wishing he could turn back the clock and tell him about Mary.
“Thanks, Molly,” John said over his shoulder.
John shook his head, removing his hand from his eyes. “Don’t be.” His lips compressed. “I’m sorry for going back to her, after she shot you.”
John kissed the side of his neck briefly, and went back to feather-light kisses on his shoulder.
Sherlock shivered, and John rubbed his back a little faster. “I’m sorry,” he said.
Such a statement shouldn’t have made John’s heart thump. “Uh, you want me to get your meds?”
There was still an agitated furrow to Sherlock’s brow, but sadness was definitely taking over his facial expression. “Yes. You’ve never been skilled at hiding your thoughts.”
“Don’t be, ’s okay,” he kissed his ear. John’s hand curled into his hair and
“Your memory stops at your friend’s ‘death’?” she asked.
“Kinda, but,” he put his hand on his cheek, “in a good way. Most of the time.”
“It’s clearly not,” John said, and his tone was hushed, and remorseful. “Fuck, I’m a twat. I’m sorry, Sherlock. It wasn’t right of me to say that, to attack you for just being you.”
“For a genius,” said a female voice by his ear, “you make really stupid decisions.”
“You can’t blame us for preparing for the worst,” John said defensively.
The funny thing was that after lying about it since he ended up in this world, John actually had a dream about Sherlock.
“Not terrible, which tells me I have minutes of consciousness left.”
John sat back sheepishly, actually feeling a flush of heat on his face. He was going to apologize again, but stopped himself. A hurting Sherlock was a moody Sherlock, and under normal circumstances, he didn’t even like to be coddled. Nothing could stop John from wanting to hold and console him, but John had to respect his wishes.
With what looked like great emotional effort, Sherlock said roughly, “I want you to. Please. I never wanted anyone but you.”
“You’re right,” Sherlock said, his fingers clenching in the fabric of John’s jumper. He felt small. “I didn’t think you considered me a best friend until you told me so.”
, and go back to Sherlock as a default. He botched this up. He always hurt their relationship.
John flinched away from her touch, and Mary looked hurt and confused. “What is it? What happened?” she asked.
now. At least in the other world, John had Rosie, and hadn’t given his heart to Sherlock only to have it rejected. He wasn’t happy before, but his desires hadn’t completely been shot down, either. Why did he even hope? The only person who ever loved him was a cold-blooded killer (and he wasn’t even sure if Mary loved him); why would someone like Sherlock want him? It made no sense, and Sherlock was a man driven by logic. There was nothing appealing about John. He was a twat, cruel, stupid, a wounded soldier with permanent PTSD, had horrible anger issues, took advantage of people, and was nowhere near as attractive as Sherlock. He was hideous. He didn’t deserve anyone’s love, not after he treated, well, everyone, but especially Sherlock’s. He wasn’t as cruel to Sherlock in this world, but maybe this was god’s punishment for his sins. He believed in god, but never exactly believed in divine punishment until now, but fuck, it made sense. There was no other explanation for why John’s life was nothing but a constant cycle of misery.
“She could be watching,” Amy said in a hushed tone. “We need to get out of sight!”
“Fuck my hand,” John whispered in his ear.
Sherlock was gripping the back of the chair.
“She still didn’t apologize for anything,” John murmured.
“And we’re in bed.”
John’s hand paused. “That really upset you, didn’t it? I saw the look on your face...I was so shocked, I couldn’t even process it until later.”
“John,” Sherlock groaned, rising from his chair.
Sherlock stood up, smoothing out his scarf and coat. “Thank you, but I’ll take my leave. I have something to discuss with Mycroft.”
Sherlock’s heart sped up.
The bridge of Sherlock’s nose crinkled. “You don’t want to be a father.”
John opened his mouth to answer, but then remembered Mycroft knew exactly who Mary was. He knew about A.G.R.A. Why did he never tell Sherlock or John until it was too late? Why didn’t an ex-agent raise any red flags?
John sighed. “But Mary’s not caught yet.”
John gently picked her up. “Hey,” he whispered. “You hungry?”
That was around the normal time for cocaine highs to wear off, but John looked at Sherlock’s pupils, and confirmed that they were back at their normal size. “Let me feel your pulse,” he said.
Sherlock ached to make him feel better. Words failed him, but he remembered when he embraced John in the sitting room when he was crying over Mary. That seemed to have worked somewhat. He shifted closer, leaned forward, and wrapped his arms around John’s back, head on his shoulder. John tensed for a split second, but then his muscles relaxed and he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders. This was the first time they were actually full-on hugging each other, not counting their one-armed embrace in bed last night, and it was infinitely better than their previous one-sided ones. John was so warm against him. Sherlock’s heart was swelling. He closed his eyes, forcing the lump away from his throat. He buried his face into the warm crook of John’s neck, clutching onto him. He breathed in John’s scent deeply, each beat of his heart heavier than the last. He loved him dearly, and he never knew just how much he botched things up. He was a worse person than he thought. If only he hadn’t been an idiot, if only he had been
And, in case you didn't see the last chapter, I finished
at the bottom of a pit, and only kept falling deeper into despair until a literal life-or-death situation threw them back on their feet.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. “When have you seen me with facial hair?”
Sherlock knew John was going to blame himself for this, and he hated it. “John, this is no one’s fault but her own. She did this.”
, you can’t look at me like that,” he moaned.
Sherlock allowed himself to sink into the cushions and chuckle at Gordon Ramsay gagging on disgusting restaurant food.
Irene’s light eyes widened, and her head snapped up to look at John. “Rosamund?”
John was sitting in his chair, and his eyebrows rose up to his hairline when he saw her.
John slammed the lid of his medical kit shut, shaking his head. He really looked like he wanted to punch something. “That fucking--I’m sorry, Sherlock, but all of this just has to heal. Let me get you some ice.”
“Well,” he looked into the distance, as if trying to visualize his dream, “it was vague, but you were lost. I didn’t know why, but I tried to find you, and couldn’t. I think I had Rosie, because you were gone for a long time. That’s all I remember, though.”
Sherlock’s hand was still over his mouth. “Perhaps that’s enough for now?” he asked.
Rosie ate the last piece of cereal and then sucked on her fingers.
“Is that a problem?” he asked.
John lazily smacked his thigh. “Shut up.”
Deleted entries. “Rosie took up a lot of our time in the beginning, and we went on fewer cases. Does anything on your blog jog your memory?”
Mycroft was outside.
“Then you’re not nearly as bad of a person as you think you are,” Sherlock told him softly. “A bad person feels no consequences for their actions, and is especially not haunted by their own actions.”
Sherlock allowed himself to hope, perhaps foolishly so, that with no baby tying him to Mary, John would leave her. They weren’t happy, and Sherlock knew it. John had told him he was only going back for the baby. No baby means no marriage. Right? Seems logical enough.
John thought. “I’m just wondering how I should break the news to Mary.”
?” John asked in amusement.
John shook his head. “That woman takes up every room she’s in. I--Rosie and I--will just get in the way.”
“What is it?” John asked against his lips. “Tell me,” his hand rubbed Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock didn’t need to think about it anymore. They had sex again last night.
Sherlock turned around on the cushions to face him, long legs bent at the knee. With the bandages and the dark circles under his eyes, he looked incredibly worn out and vulnerable. John’s heart clenched.
John’s chest was going to burst. “Sherlock Holmes, you bloody romantic,” his voice cracked.
Here's the
“I didn’t make things easy for you,” Sherlock countered, lips brushing his neck.
John nodded. “Good idea.” He pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s cheek and reached for his phone.
“Later,” Sherlock said. “If it were an emergency, they would have called.”
“No, it’s okay,” he said, and paused the conversation to give Rosie more food. “I was a fool,” anger slowly dripped into his voice, “for thinking she ever liked me.”
Irene shook her head, putting her hand under her chin. “I’ve only heard that name once before, and…” She blinked at John. “Knowing about your interactions with him, it seems like too much of a coincidence.”
John was about to ask
Sherlock slowly lowered his arms, and then started laughing dryly.
was she here? Why the fuck was she sitting in his bloody fucking chair? It felt like his brain came to an absolute halt, and he was glued to the floor. It was like a brick dropped into his stomach. Rosie kicking her feet threw him back to reality, and he sucked in a breath.
John couldn’t retort. He just stared out the window. In any other scenario, he would have decked Mycroft right in the nose, but he was right. Christ, what had he been thinking? Even so, John was still dreading seeing Sherlock. It was going to be horrible, he knew, but he would have to see him again at some point no matter what. Maybe they could arrange something. Maybe they could agree that John would live with him until Mary was caught and Sherlock recovered, and then he would move out. They would go their separate ways and would never have to deal with the consequences of John’s disgustingly naive heart.
with their marriage!
But this man was still Sherlock.
, then he wouldn’t have acted on any feelings because of his dedication to the cases. Wasn’t that what he said that night?
John shushed Rosie as she whined a little, carefully putting her in the carrier.
And Sherlock's clueless lol
Guilt bubbled in John’s stomach. “I’m sorry you had to deal with her, and that you felt like you couldn’t tell your best friend something.” He looked at a fading mark next to his eyebrow, where John had punched him. “I need to apologize to you, right here, right now, before we could move forward.”
Twenty minutes later, the door opened, and John entered. He had dark circles under his eyes, noticeable tension in his jaw, and his mouth was set in a hard line. He had a duffel bag in one hand, most likely containing a set of pajamas and his toothbrush.
John’s mouth twisted to the side. “I mean, no,” he chuckled. He saw Sherlock frown and he cleared his throat, tension returning to his jaw. It was amazing to Sherlock that whenever John discussed Mary, he instantly looked older. “But crap telly is a nice distraction. I just, really don’t want to think about Mary right now,” he said, sounding tired, and bringing his hand up to his face to rub his eyes. His wedding ring looked dull, like it hadn’t been cleaned since John got it.
“Yes, I see the error of my ways,” he said woodenly, staring at his socked feet.
He put his hand over his face, sniffing. She was just gone. He didn’t get a chance to say goodbye...
“True.”
Sherlock didn’t bother to open his eyes. He didn’t want to see a look of pity on anyone’s faces.
“Hey,” John squeezed his hand, “what’s with the face? I
“But, this was the tipping point, not an isolated incident. You’ve been meddling since day one,” she said.
Sherlock’s mouth snapped closed as soon as those words left his lips, the exasperation he just felt vanishing and nausea rolling through his stomach, pinpricks of anxiety jabbing his chest. His lips trembled. He expected John to look shocked, but he didn’t.
“I’ve noticed.”
He shrugged. “It seemed to bother you.”
“Yes. I’m certainly not moving in here.”
“Do you want him to stop?” Sherlock asked quietly, but intently. He would immediately stop if John didn’t want it.
Sometimes it unnerved him how well John could read him. “I don’t need anyone to tell me I’m a genius. I appreciate when you do it, but it’s not news to me. This is...different.”
Rosie threw her toy across the room, startling them both and breaking the tension. John almost breathed a sigh of relief.
He appreciated that. “I need to go home,” he said. “John’s capable of handling this.”
“I could,” John thought about it. “I don’t know a middle name for her, though.”
“It’s my turn to touch you,” Sherlock said, sitting up and, in a swift move, pinning John down onto the mattress, hands around his wrists, bent knees by his sides.
When he returned to the bedroom, the lights were off and John was on his back with his eyes closed. Sherlock climbed into bed, on his side facing away from John like the night before. He felt John roll over and wrap his arm around his waist, his chuckle low in his chest and vibrating against Sherlock’s back.
John sighed heavily. “We weren’t exactly expecting visitors.”
“How?” Sherlock asked, not opening his eyes.
John stared back at him. The first time around, this was when John tackled him to the floor and started choking him. Even now, John didn’t feel sorry for that--Sherlock let him grieve, damn it, and he didn’t care at all! John’s knees felt wobbly like pudding. He had no idea how to react to any of this, but Sherlock was standing there, eyes locked on him, in that stupid, piss-poor disguise, looking like he had no idea what to do.
They were silent until they got home. This was the first time John called 221B “home” in years. Despite himself, Sherlock enjoyed this.
John wiped his hands together, as if he had just thrown away something dirty. “That takes care of it. So much time and money spent on our wedding. What a waste.” He looked at Sherlock. He looked like he was struggling to smile. “So now it’s over.”
Mary smiled hesitantly. “Yeah, no. No, it isn’t.”
“You sure?”
John was surprised; Sherlock hadn’t done this last time. He appeared to be frightened. “I know, I know,” John tried to soothe him, holding his hand. “It’s all right now--”
Lestrade cleared his throat lightly, crossing his arms over his chest. “Right, well, I’ll give you a throw blanket and leave you for now, all right? Don’t go wandering out in London without any shoes again while I’m sleeping.”
she's planning on getting revenge, this could lull you into a false sense of security.”
“That’s the point.” A sloth.
“John,” Sherlock said, voice low and rich, “it wasn’t real.”
Yeah, I thought about not having Mary get back at them in any way, but I don't know, this story feels a little anti-climatic as is? I think this story will only have one or two more chapters, though.
Sherlock led him into the sitting room, anxiety tingling in his chest.
“You were holding a baby,” he told Sherlock on the fourth day. “She was crying.”
To her credit, Irene looked confused. She turned to John, and her eyes lasered in on his wedding band. But her light eyes ran over his face, too similar to Sherlock’s deduction process for comfort, and she had the grace to sink back in the chair. “Forget I said anything, Dr. Watson.”
“Enjoying yourself?” John asked against his lips.
“Please. I really don’t want her accidentally seeing it.” God, how awful that would be. Simply breaking up with her was going to be a hard conversation, but if she actually saw that he was going to give her a ring and propose? He didn’t even want to think about it.
he told himself, and then he would go to bed.
“You’re enthusiastic,” he commented. “You’re usually not into birthdays. Although,” he smiled a little more, “you seemed pretty happy when Molly and I took you out for cake.”
A nervous tingle was gripping his spine. “You used to go without shaving some mornings,” he said. “Even the smallest bit of hair doesn’t suit you.”
“Again, how?” Sherlock asked, sniffing.
John slowly brought his hand to Sherlock’s chest and touched the scar near his heart.
,” he turned his head to the side, hips shifting underneath John’s, “and I’m not used to this, so relieve it.” He turned his head to look at John with timid eyes. “Please, I need, something,” he said, frowning, “this feeling is unbearable to drag out.”
“Your calculations of my temper?”
He was right, but John was still angry with Mycroft, and he genuinely didn’t want to see Mary. He would have to, though, for Sherlock’s safety. He never wanted her to walk the streets again. “Fine. Let’s make it quick. I told Sherlock I’d get the shopping.”
Sherlock just shook his head, biting his tongue. “Not at all. Just let John think what he wants and let his memory come back organically, yes?”
this morning, and it was because of Sherlock.
“I was watching you sleep,” he stated. “I wanted to catch the first signs of your nightmare and try to prevent it. Clearly, that didn’t work,” he muttered.
John huffed out a laugh through his nose. “Right you are.”
Sherlock smirked, feeling devious, and sent back an emoji of a smiley face. After all of the nonsense she put him through, he thought he deserved to be petty
He answered the phone. “Hello?”
Sherlock looked up at him from under his lashes. “Is it?” He looked down again, shame on his features. “Did she ever make you run away and break down on a city bench?” he asked quietly.
“I’m sorry, John,” he whispered to the empty room.
“Yes, sir,” she said, taking the note. She squinted at him. “Weren’t you here a few days ago? Do you need further medical assistance?”
But, Sherlock had nightmares last night, and there was a good chance he would have more. John was tired, and he knew it was late, but he didn’t want to leave Sherlock, at least not until he entered REM sleep.
John wanted to cry from relief. “Yes,” he nodded. “Yes, I’m actually the Doctor, Sherlock. I didn’t know how to tell you.”
“You still need to put on a couple pounds,” he murmured, rubbing his stomach.
John had to go to him. He walked to him, stumbling once, not thinking about Mary sitting alone at the table for a single moment. Sherlock stood there in the middle of the room, and neither cared about the customers or waitstaff. He stopped in front of Sherlock, biting his lip hard, desperately trying to keep his breathing under control.
Sherlock shrugged, surprised expression turning cool. “It’s merely unusual to buy a ring and not go through with it. If you didn’t want to propose to her, you wouldn’t have booked a dinner with the ring in your pocket.”
“I was taking a shortcut in an alley, but tripped and fell on broken glass,” he lied easily. He may have been trying to stop lying to John in general, but this was a small lie. No big deal. He’d tell John the truth later. Maybe. “I was in the neighborhood and figured I could come here,” he said.
John stroked him faster and shifted to kiss him on the lips. He opened his mouth against Sherlock’s, deepening the kiss, and sucked lightly on his bottom lip. “Mmm, you just woke up. I thought you’d want it slower,” John said against his mouth.
“No, it isn’t,” he insisted, firmly but gently. “You were pushed to the limit. The initial reason why you hit me was to snap me out of my hallucinations. You thought I was going to stab a man, John. You got carried away because you were grieving--”
Sherlock startled when he heard John chuckle. His eyes snapped to John, who was grinning and blinking at him blearily. His hand froze. “Hello.”
“This isn’t good,” he heard Mycroft mutter behind him one night. “He hates television. We both do. How long has he been like this?”
John laughed.
“It did, though. I went to meet you today. I wanted something was another person. It might as well have been cheating.” The guilt increased. “She’s no saint, but neither am I.”
He stiffened a little, but his mood didn’t dissipate completely. “Must you?”
“Huh?”
“Sherlock.”
“Yeah. It’s not too bad, but the middle of your forehead looks red and raw.” He looked Sherlock over. “I don’t think you’re concussed.”
Sherlock’s lips trembled and he looked completely lost, like a hurt child. “I like you,” he stated.
She frowned. “John, I know it’s wonderful that Sherlock’s back, but is it really right to be unfaithful to her?”
Sherlock hummed his agreement. “She was going to find out eventually.”
Sherlock exhaled slowly. “Anyway, I got out of bed,” he went on in a small voice, “and…” His lower lip trembled imperceptibly.
“She wouldn’t, though,” Sherlock protested. “She’d be around me, too.”
“I, I don’t know,” John said, holding his head. “I’m trying to remember. I remember, I found you on the floor. You weren’t responding. I saw the blood coming from your chest at this spot. It was like seeing you on the pavement all over again,” he said, pain entering his voice.
“He got to you, and you carried on. What private issue has got you so worked up?”
John...He spaced out. John was physically smaller than he was. Sherlock could wrap his whole body around John, hold him, roll his hips and thrust...thrust
Mary was eyeing him, still irritated, but she turned to Sherlock. “Do you know who those men were?”
“Yes?”
be in a relationship if he tried. He honestly didn’t know; he never tried. He never got the chance. He would try for John, though. He absolutely would. The fact that John apparently thought so little of him, so little of his capacity to care for others, hurt. But, this was partly Sherlock’s fault, wasn’t it? He was the one who paraded around proclaiming sentiment was a
John let out another gasping sob and Sherlock held him tighter. John clenched his jaw and looked up at Sherlock, not caring that his face was streaked with tears and his eyes were red and puffy. “Is it really that simple?” he asked with a small, disbelieving laugh. “We put each other through hell and decide to be nicer to each other?”
“They’re not the same,” John shook his head firmly. “Not at all, Sherlock. You were high, dying, and needed help, and what the fuck did I do, hm?” he smiled bitterly. “I hurt you. Why do you forgive me? Really, why?”
because he thought Sherlock was incapable of a relationship, then Sherlock would just have to prove him wrong. It was perfectly possible (in fact, probable) that John simply had no romantic feelings for him, but this was the only way Sherlock could try to save their friendship. Maybe Mary didn’t know John as well as she thought she did. Maybe John did feel something…?
John sat up on his elbows. He felt like Sherlock couldn’t possibly be more upset with him. If that were the case, then...then there was no point in hiding anymore, was there? Sherlock deserved the truth. John deserved the pain the truth would bring. If telling him what was really going on would make him shut out John forever, then that was his punishment. He knew Sherlock wouldn’t return his feelings, but maybe learning that John did think he was capable of emotion and not a machine, or incomplete, would make him feel less insulted. John had an obligation to apologize and come clean. With a sick feeling lingering in his gut, he got up from the sofa to find a pencil and paper. He was too much of a coward to face Sherlock again in person or call him, but he could write him a letter. The last letter he wrote Sherlock had been full of rage and misplaced loathing, but this would be different. It would be his confession.
“Because you’re my friend, damn it,” John shot back, dark eyes piercing, “and when my friend looks like he’s about to take a bloody panic attack out of nowhere, I want to know what’s going on.”
angry
dreams?”
Sherlock arrived at the victim’s flat, and saw that John was standing outside, waiting for him.
John looked torn between skeptical and hopeful. “You--actually wanted to send me flowers, because--for, um...” He squinted. “Romantic reasons?” he asked with disbelief.
Sherlock hummed a deep, rumbling purr. He shifted his head a little on his pillow so their faces were still close, but they had space, too. John used the last of his strength to watch Sherlock’s face relax completely, and then he allowed himself to close his eyes, believing that things were finally going right.
John did, and with each gentle caress of his lips, and the warm security of John’s hands on his face, the hollowness in Sherlock’s chest was filled with tranquility, and he found himself confessing his love over and over again between kisses, and those three words were returned each time.
Sherlock twisted back to look at the clock. “It’s almost 5.” He stretched a little. “Well. That was an interesting night, wasn’t it?”
John looked at the roses for a second, “Oh, yeah.” He removed the last piece of glass from Sherlock’s palm and looked back at the bouquet. “They came for me about ten minutes ago.”
John only leaned forward, grabbed his glass and took a sip, and put it back on the table, settling back into the cushions with Sherlock. He didn’t seem bothered by their physical contact.
“Sorry, yes,” Sherlock admitted with a chuckle of his own.
Eventually, the reporters left Baker Street, and when they went back into the flat, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade were talking.
Sherlock froze.
But I just posted a new WIP! It's called
“Your thinking is loud,” Sherlock murmured.
But it was not the beautiful moment John thought it would be, as his arms went around his back, Sherlock abruptly stiffened. John hugged Sherlock unexpectedly before at his wedding, and he hadn’t felt like this. It felt like Sherlock was in
“Mmm.”
After Sherlock woke up in the afternoon and ate, he headed to the hospital. As conflicted as he felt about everything, he wanted to see John, and he couldn’t just leave him alone in the hospital now that he was awake from his coma. He went alone, however, figuring that showing up with Rosie would not be the best decision.
“Yeah, guess it is. You still need to tell me why the fuck you faked your suicide.” John rubbed his eyes with his finger. He brought his hands away from his eyes, glancing down at his left hand. “What’s this?” he held up his hand and spread his fingers, focused on his wedding ring.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re silly,” John pecked his cheek. “But, that must have been unpleasant for you.”
John shrugged it off. “Oh well. My patients will have to deal with my unshaven face.”
“It was,” he confirmed casually. He didn’t think it would have been appropriate, but the childish side of him wanted to smirk smugly at her. He held it back.
“You jittery?” John asked, opening his eyes.
“She wasn’t my priority,” he said to the floor.
John sat back on his heels, the red flush draining from his face. “Sh...Sherlock?”
“Yeah?”
Sherlock’s face hurt but he glared at her. “You can’t handle John loving me more than you.”
“Your back,” he said simply.
“Too much?” John asked with a wince.
Sherlock’s lips twitched into a grin for a millisecond. Clever John. “Yes.”
A hard
John picked up their wedding rings from the table, looking at them in his palm. “But we could have never worked. If you hadn’t shot him, I think something would have ended our marriage, and nothing could stop me from wanting to be with him.”
Sherlock gazed at him very seriously all of a sudden, his light eyes intense, but not harsh. “John,” he rumbled.
though. He loved John.
He hoped his voice sounded more convincing to Sherlock's ears than his own.
This was terrible. Sherlock was running out of time! His mind was moving so quickly his head was starting to hurt. He thought he could go through with his plan and slowly make John fall for his suitor, but that clearly wasn't going to happen. How did he so grossly underestimate John Watson?
“You were up there for quite some time,” Mrs. Hudson commented.
“Mrs. Hudson, can we talk about this some other time?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John lowered his hand, chest heavy and icy horror in his gut. “I kicked you. I beat you, and for what? Over my fucking wife who tried to kill you? No!” he shouted when Sherlock opened his mouth to protest. “She did, Sherlock. She tried to kill you, and you know it.” He realized how loud he was being and sighed harshly. “Great, I’m shouting again,” he said miserably. But he wasn’t finished. He had to get all of this out. “I blamed you for something completely out of your control. I continued to be married to the woman who tried to end your life. I made you
John broke the kiss and their lips smacked wetly. He stared down at Sherlock, whose lips were wet and flushed, and his long lashes were fluttering. He thought of Sherlock from the night of Angelo’s again, young and bold and not yet damaged by Moriarty (or Mary), and John’s chest felt heavy as he looked at him.
me at this point?”
He managed to shake his head. “Sherlock, I really don’t want to talk about it. When I’m back on my feet and we’re in private, I’m going to end it.”
Sherlock looked at him like he grew ten heads. “Yes?” he answered hesitantly. His face fell. “Was I...was I not supposed to?”
“Irene,” Sherlock glared at her, a distinct warning in his tone, somehow looking paler than he had a moment ago.
“Yeah,” John whispered, feeling his face heat, trying to keep his eyes on Sherlock’s and not his lips.
Sherlock did as he was told, and the blankets fell down to his lap, his bare lower back visible. He offered his damp, drooping mop to John.
“A wedding ring,” John said flatly.
“You’re welcome,” Sherlock said, but he was looking at John. There was a tightness around his mouth. “How do you feel?”
“I won’t,” John said, wishing he could find some humor in the ridiculous situation. The pain was coming back now. He was numb while talking to Lestrade, but his thoughts were catching back up to him.
John thought of how throughout their marriage, Mary barely said she loved him, and here was Sherlock, tender and caring, already a better partner. John nodded, afraid he might tear up again (god, he really had to stop crying at the drop of a hat). “Thank you,” he said quietly.
“Stop,” John cut him off. “Stop doubting yourself, okay? You--even though it’s kind of hilarious in hindsight--you set up a whole romantic plot. You’ve done so much for me.”
Sherlock’s heart hammered. “You remember?” he asked urgently, the previous mood in the room gone entirely.
Being brought to Mary’s cell reminded John of when Sherlock was put into one while he testified against Moriarty. It was a lifetime ago. That was when Sherlock began shutting him out, and everything crumbled beneath their feet. John tried to think of a happier time, of when he and Sherlock were put in a cell on his stag night, but considering his bride-to-be, that wasn’t a pleasant memory, either.
A hand squeezed around John’s heart. “Tell me how to make you feel better,” he told him. “Anything you want, to make things more comfortable.”
Sherlock’s body was trembling violently in his arms, and then it was like all of the strength left his body when he wept into John’s neck, shaking hands holding John’s jumper tightly. “The h-highs aren’t usually--this bad,” he choked out.
“There she is,” Lestrade smiled at her. He held out his arms. “Can I?”
“I want to, with you,” he opened his eyes, a little jittery. “Just.” He swallowed. “No one’s ever seen me like this before.”
Sherlock would play along for a moment. “I see. Did you take any interest in a patient recently, or notice that one had taken an interest in you?”
Sherlock rolled onto his back, staring at his erection like someone had dropped an insect into the bed. “I didn’t even realize this was happening.” His breath was ragged. “I was caught up and, and I didn’t mean to.”
The door opened, and Lestrade entered, a large manila folder in his hand. “Hey…” His eyes immediately widened, taking in the sight before him. “Oh, god,” he groaned, face palming. “Christ, I should have knocked.”
Sherlock suddenly got up, walking to the middle of the room and picking up his dressing gown. “Well, there’s still the bedroom upstairs,” was all he said as he tugged the bloody gown back over his body.
John took the box out of his pocket, frowning at it. Knowing about who Mary really was left him no desire to put a ring on her finger. “Hm. Yeah, well, I’m not going through with it.”
John busied himself by making toast and coffee for himself, and Sherlock didn’t say anything the entire rest of his meal, so he kept quiet, too. He supposed this was fair. He pressed Sherlock about his private life, and that wasn’t exactly appropriate, even if they were best friends for years.
“Well,” Sherlock said softly, “I suppose that if I were to give a speech all about you, it would have to speak highly of you out of necessity.”
“Maybe. Problem?”
“No,” he shook his head, “not at all.”
Something about the rumble of his voice in the dark made this feel even more intimate.  “It’s no big deal. I don’t bite.”
As Sherlock helped unpack John’s things, he couldn’t shake a strange, ominous feeling off his chest. He couldn’t explain it, and didn’t want to worry or upset John, so he let it go.
He lowered his eyes to the floor and noticed that Sherlock’s coat was still in the corner of the room along with the letter. He smirked a little. He came here in pajamas and no socks. Ridiculous man. John picked up the coat and placed it on top of the wardrobe. He didn’t know what to do with the letter. He wanted to toss it into the bin, but that wasn’t his decision to make. He couldn’t look at its contents, though, so he kept it crumpled and put it on the bedside table. He carefully sat on the edge of the mattress, gazing at Sherlock with a warm feeling in his stomach. He slowly got back into bed, pulling the sheets up.
The biting wind of the November night made him shiver, and John realized he must have left his coat back at the restaurant. He felt ridiculous, sitting on a bench in a suit with tears in his eyes. He kept his face in his hands, his breath quivering out of his mouth. How was he supposed to react to this? What was he supposed to do? Was this seriously real? If this were real, was he here for life?
John moved away, and blew cool air onto his hardened nipple. As Sherlock made an even higher
“I need to hug you because I love you,” John said into his ear, arms around his shoulders, their heads on the same pillow. “And I’m always gonna love you. Doesn’t matter where I am--I’ll always love you.” He was shaking.
Sherlock reclined against the pile of pillows on the bed and held out his arms, opening and closing his hands. “Come here.”
John giggled. “Sherlock, you slept for ten hours.”
John did, and although it was a tight fit on the sofa, they lied next to each other. John blinked at him lethargically, and Sherlock kissed his forehead. John smiled and wrapped an arm around his waist. They had done enough talking for the afternoon. Now, they could rest. They were done with the shadow that clouded their lives since the night Sherlock came back from the dead.
Her lips worked wordlessly. She swallowed and her head tilted, eyes darkening. “You never loved me,” she said slowly, as if it was just dawning on her. “I was just a replacement for him.”
Sherlock still couldn’t look at him. He wasn’t sure if he ever felt this vulnerable in his entire life, physically and emotionally. “You know how it felt,” he snapped.
Sherlock’s eyes were closed as he played, but there was a small furrow to his brow.
“I don’t really know what you want me to say,” John said, palms sweating a little. “No one could have told me except you.”
“No more?” Sherlock asked.
After eating and spending more time sitting alone in the cafeteria to calm his jittery pulse, Sherlock intended on leaving the hospital to go home and shower, but he stopped by John’s room one more time just to glance in. He was so used to John being asleep in the bed that it took him by surprise to see him awake and watching something terrible on the television on the wall.
He took his hand off John’s head. “Oh.”
John didn’t know what to say. Not that he was ever the most sociable person around, but these two made him feel completely inadequate. He wanted to leave, feeling as if he upset Sherlock with his news, and now he felt unwelcome with her presence taking over the entire room.
better,” John felt his eyes grow wet with tears. Why did Sherlock treat his body so badly? Why did he always do this?
He bit his lip, looking down at the wedding ring he wanted to forget, but was hesitant to bin for reasons he couldn’t explain. Well. There was certainly someone else in his life who made him a worse person than Irene. He didn’t want to think about her now.
Sherlock kept talking, “It happened suddenly; one day, we were playing outside of my childhood home, and the next, my mother was hugging me and telling me what happened. It was two weeks after that when Redbeard--my dog--was put down.” He said all of this in a quiet, even voice, but it lacked emotion, as did his face, like he had trained himself not to feel anything when talking about this. “Anyway, those were two deaths I couldn’t take. I didn’t see either of them coming. When I was alone in my room a couple days after Redbeard died, I was inconsolable, and Mycroft came in to tell me this was why caring is not an advantage, and there was no way for me not to believe him. I was only eight, too, so I still valued Mycroft’s word.”
Sherlock dried his hair, dressed into a suit, and looked out the window to his bedroom, wondering how likely it was that Mary would hurt him or John. The fact that they were meeting her in public diminished the probability. She wasn’t that bold or stupid. When she shot Sherlock, she thought there was no way she would have gotten caught, and since then, she hadn’t tried to hurt Sherlock again, and he thought the only reason for that was because John would have probably put the pieces together and figured out it was her. She didn’t like John seeing her in a negative light. But, she must have known John was done with her, and that could be good or bad. Best case scenario was that she didn’t threaten either of them in an attempt to look good to John and convince him to stay with her. Worst case scenario was that she didn’t give a damn about anything anymore and shot them, ready to go to prison because the charade was over. Something told Sherlock that wasn’t entirely likely, though. Moriarty was that way; when he lost the game, he went so far as to end his life. Mary didn’t fool around like that.
While pumping Sherlock, John slid his other hand down his lower back, past his arse, and cupped his bollocks. Sherlock groaned, throwing his head back, and John could see that his eyes were closed tightly, a severe crinkle between his eyebrows, lips parted into a perfect heart shape. John’s hips jerked up, his erection brushing against Sherlock’s abdomen. He tugged at Sherlock’s sack, and his eyes flew open.
What was he doing? Why was he letting the Woman come between them? Didn’t he want to do better? John didn’t know what she was playing at, but he wasn’t going to let her keep them apart. Sherlock was doing something nice by letting her stay with him, and John had no right to isolate him for that. Besides, if Sherlock was interested in her--he couldn’t fault him for that, either, as much as it pained him. Friends were supposed to support each other.
“That lady, see? She’s going through a difficult breakup and is using food as a coping mechanism.”
Sherlock was tentatively grinning. “Anytime. Mary doesn’t like it, either.”
“I mean,” he cleared his throat, “um, what are you comfortable with? Did you like when we kissed, and, er, hugged?”
Rosie missed her mouth, and a piece of cereal fell onto her bib.
John accompanies Sherlock to the hospital after he's shot
It seems like Irene brings out John's jealousy and repressed feelings the most, so I wanted to see what it would be like for her to come back after everything that happened in s4.
Sherlock’s head whipped around, bewildered. “What are you talking about?”
John really, really didn’t want to leave him. “But--”
They're going to reflect on what happened in the next chapter. I think this story is winding down.
“I was,” she said, playing with a loose thread on her tattered sweater. “I have information that might interest you.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but he sighed, swallowing.
Sherlock looked back at him from over his shoulder. “Do you want her to know?”
Sherlock stopped kissing him. “No. It wasn’t on my list of items to buy after coming back from the dead.”
John was aware of his pulse beating in his neck, and the firmness of Sherlock’s muscle underneath his palm. He brought his hand down by his side sheepishly. “And is that a good thing?” he gave a self-deprecating laugh. If he had to answer his own question, he’d say no.
“I do,” Sherlock nodded, “and I think you’re correct. She loved you, but that doesn’t mean she liked you. No offense.”
“You’re one to talk,” John said. It meant to sound playful, but he sounded glum.
“I was...afraid to let myself feel for you before,” Sherlock admitted. He had been frightened that John owning his heart heart would give him nothing but grief. In the end, wasn’t he right about that? “It always came down to my own limitations, but not a lack of desire.” He felt his face coloring.
“What kind of doctor are you?” Sherlock asked, and it sounded light and teasing, but his ribs ached, and it felt like a genuine question. He settled back on the pillows. He was tired. “I got my confession, though.”
he had cried. That was a rather plain statement, wasn’t it? But John wouldn’t try that again right now. At the same time, though, he asked in a small voice, “But, I know we said we’d talk later, but just to be clear,” a furious blush bloomed all over his face, “when you pulled back--were you disgusted by me? Or no?”
John didn’t need clarification. He scooted closer, kissing Sherlock, the warmth of his lips and comfort of the bed causing his toes to curl and his chest to feel full. He was so tired that their kiss almost took on a dream-like quality until Sherlock pulled back.
John smirked and placed his hand on his hip.
Sherlock sighed. If Mycroft found out, he would say that was “self-destructive behavior” and have him sent to a mental hospital. He did not want to inflict harm upon himself out of depression or self-loathing. It was for a purpose, and he would be fine. He got glass stuck in his hands from experiments many times before. He would inflict no further harm upon his body afterwards. He knew what he was doing, and didn’t plan on doing it again anytime soon.
“What do you want me to say?” Sherlock asked. “If you want to know the details of these, don’t bother asking. It’s boring.”
“No idea,” he muttered, but was pleased when Sherlock’s features smoothed out when more morphine was pumped into his veins. Sherlock may not have liked it, but the Culverton case taught John that he disregarded his health to a dangerous degree, and damn it, even though he was failing horribly, John wanted to take better care of him for once in their bloody lives.
The blood drained from Sherlock’s face. He didn’t have anything planned for today!
Sherlock came up behind him, pressing his chest to his back, wrapping an arm around his stomach. “It’s all right,” he said softly.
But, did John really have the right to be angry with her, when Sherlock trusted him much more and for much longer, and John hurt him even worse?
John really liked the feeling of his deep rumbles against his back. It was soothing, and a little bit arousing (
Sherlock still had his eyes closed. What a coward he was.
Sherlock smiled, and thinking about it all made his cock stir against John’s thigh.
John shook his head. “I don’t really think so, no. Not right now.”
“You want to see?” Mrs. Hudson laughed. “Here, let me pull one down for you.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, and it looked like he meant it. “I’m glad to see you like this.”
John closed his eyes, trying to go back to sleep, but his head hurt. He had only spoken to her for a few minutes, and she had only placed a small kiss on Sherlock’s jaw, and she was bothering him this much. He was pathetic.
“We’re here,” the cabbie said pointedly when he pulled up at Baker Street.
“It’s okay,” John kissed his jaw, “it’s okay. Breathe. You’re doing brilliantly.”
high--?”
I hope you guys liked this! And in case you haven't noticed, I've hinted at the scars on Sherlock's back, but that has been done to death in fanfic, so I'm going to do a slightly different take on it so it'll be fresh. So if you like that johnlock fanfic trope, expect it with a bit of a difference ;)
“I am, too,” Sherlock said, pecking his lips, “but you’re getting worked up, John.”
It took a moment for Sherlock to answer. “I got tired.”
“Really?” Sherlock feigned surprise. “What makes you say that?”
John wanted to say, but knew Sherlock wouldn’t get it. He didn’t understand how romantic he was. It was endearing. His hand petted Sherlock’s chest and belly, getting used to touching his warm, naked skin. It was ridiculous, because Sherlock’s body felt no different from anyone else’s (what had he been expecting?), but it was
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t know.” He wanted to hug John tighter, but was afraid. He swallowed. He really did have to give up the facade soon, because of John’s curiosity, and the threat of Mary. If she hadn’t figured it out already, it was only a matter of time. He sighed shakily.
“Anything,” he answered.
“Yeah,” he smiled. “Let me get dressed.”
“No, it’s fine,” John said. “Just a joke.” Right?
“You’ve been staring at me with lust more than usual all day.”
His chest moved up and down in a long breath. “Must we?”
John’s cock twitched and they both saw it. He cleared his throat. “Pretend you didn’t see that.”
Sherlock was staring at him expectantly.
Sherlock pulled away, not smiling, but face soft and open, just gazing at him.
Sherlock put his hands in his pockets and looked down at his shoes. “Leave it,” he said, words almost muffled from his lips touching his scarf, masking how small his voice really was. He didn’t want John to think about him that way at all, and he felt indignant that John thought he knew everything about him. He lifted his chin, “Why don’t you go home to your wife? Clearly you two enjoy each other’s company, going by yesterday and the mark on your lips.”
The silence was deafening between them.
John closed his eyes. “Please, god, don’t let him be alone.”
him.) Why did everything have to go so horribly wrong?
“Mmm?”
Sherlock bit his wobbling lip, and concluded that John must get physically affectionate when sleepy. How endearing, and unexpected. He hadn’t ever hugged John before; his arms awkwardly stayed by his sides at the wedding, caught off guard and surrounded by people at the event that legally tied John to
rather lovely,” he admitted. He collected himself. It was clear that neither were quite ready for sex yet. That was probably a byproduct of them denying and repressing their feelings for each other for years. John wanted to at some point. He pictured what Sherlock would be like, head thrown back and moaning, more times than he could count. But, they were both ridiculously emotional, and if just kissing fully clothed felt this good, then John figured they were actually just fine. “But I was a bit turned off by you snoring into my ear.”
“Then I don’t know,” Sherlock grumbled. “Women aren’t my area.”
“That doesn’t matter,” he insisted loudly, almost shouting. His mouth twitched. “I tried to figure it out. But I can’t. Why can’t I do
he do? He...he was in a pub. He could get blindingly drunk and avoid dealing with his problems. That was what he always did, and there was no way he had the strength to do otherwise now. He had no idea what he would do after that--he definitely didn't want to go home--but fuck it. Fuck
“Honestly? I haven’t got a clue. I mean,” he snorted, “who’d wanna send me flowers?”
“Three.”
“A whole year,” John breathed. “You’ve been here for a whole year, and you don’t even know. Heh, I wish I were unaware of my age, too.”
Sherlock had to look away from the mark...what did people call those...hickeys? No, that didn’t apply to lips, right? He wasn’t sure. He didn’t have an answer for John, and he was too upset to make one up. It was one of the few times in his life when he could only stare back silently, like a child who had been caught in a lie. He wasn’t lying about his feelings right now, though. He just wasn’t telling John the truth. But, no false statements left his lips. That counted for something.
, and John was achingly hard, squirming on his knees. He took more of his cock into his mouth, Sherlock’s deep, shaky moan washing over him like a warm wave.
“It wasn’t your fault,” he gasped, jaw clenching in pain, fingers curling over his bandage. “Mary, I mean.” He pressed his lips together tightly, stifling a moan of pain.
“I can’t complain,” he replied with a one-shouldered shrug. “Where’s Rosie?”
“That’s, that’s good,” Sherlock’s expression softened a little. “It’s good to see you laughing like this again. Why do you feel this way about Mary? What changed?”
His fatigued body must have decided for him, though, because when he heard a slight groan, his head shot up from being bowed with his chin on his chest.
John sighed, stroking his cheek with his thumb. “Sherlock, I intend to stay with you for as long as you’ll have me.”
. Do it!” he barked.
John set Rosie in her height chair, and put a handful of dry cereal in front of her. He smiled a little when she started feeding herself. She was getting big. But, his mind wasn’t solely focused on her. The itch to see Sherlock grew. There were so many problems, too many to count, but they would never get through them if they were apart. The last time he left Sherlock, he fell back into the throes of addiction. John shuddered.
“No,” Sherlock denied. “You found it harder than anticipated. We both did. But we both try.”
Neither of these memories required knowledge of Mary, per se, and since only lies had detail, he decided it was safe to tell the truth here. “I did.” It was odd having this conversation in front of a baby, but her language acquisition process was early enough that he didn’t need to worry about her retaining any of this.
But, her past wasn’t John’s fault, was it? He shouldn’t feel guilty about letting the consequences of her own actions potentially catch up with her. She was an adult. She was responsible for her past.
Sherlock felt like he was going to vomit. He looked down. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled. He couldn’t look at John’s face any longer. He felt a flush of shame on his cheeks.
“Okay,” he said, and then started to pull down his pajama pants.
“When the hell has that ever mattered?” John asked rhetorically.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably. “I’m sorry for interrupting your proposal plan,” he said stiffly.
“I will,” John squeezed him. “I will, Sherlock, if you’ll let me.”
“Oh,” he exhaled in surprise. “I love you too, John. You need a hug from the dream?”
“I am,” he admitted.
“Liar. I already brushed my teeth.”
“I suppose that’s true,” Sherlock mused through a yawn. “But, something tells me you’re lying.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock murmured. His heart was calming down, and he felt his muscles gradually relax in John’s arms. John loved him, and this was real. He wasn’t being fooled. “John, I am sorry about your marriage. I love you, but I never wanted you unhappy.”
“Well, now you have the answer,” Sherlock crossed his arms, sniffing, the old habit of masking his pain with arrogance coming back strong.
“Yeah, but you do need to be careful,” John warned, Sherlock’s pale, thin face leaving him uneasy. He really shouldn’t have been leaving the hospital tonight, but John knew this wasn’t a battle he could win. If he were honest, he was sick of living in the hospital and looked forward to the two of them being back at Baker Street, and with Mycroft’s men watching the flat and searching for Mary, he would feel a little safer from her.
“Mmmmm, you most certainly didn’t,” Sherlock teased.
John made toast and a scrambled egg for a grumbling Sherlock.
Fair question. Sherlock pressed his lips together, folding his hands on his lap. “I didn’t realize what I had until it was gone.” He remembered how much John’s wedding hurt, how he went to home and cried himself to sleep. He had felt utterly hollow and alone.
thing. He didn’t miss Mary, and felt like a horrible person for it. He didn’t yearn for her presence at all; he felt haunted by it. He knew what grief felt like. He grieved Sherlock for two long, agonizing years. He had wanted Sherlock back so badly it felt like he couldn’t breathe most days. He left 221B after Sherlock faked his death because he couldn’t handle it, couldn’t handle sitting across from the empty chair in the sitting room and the silence stabbing his eardrums. He felt suffocated by anguish. But now, he wanted to get the fuck away from this flat and never look back. He wanted to slam the door shut on this chapter of his life and forget all about Mary and everything associated with her. He should have felt more grief for his wife than his best friend, right? He wasn’t the person Mary thought he was, and he hated that.
He grimaced. That thought was terrible. To make things worse, John would most likely divorce Mary from finding out the truth,
Damn. “Sherlock’s in the hospital, Mrs. Hudson. He was shot.” He wished he didn’t sound so wooden, but he was tired of having to tell people bad news about Sherlock’s health.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock said stiffly.
John had done that in the past? He thought it was Mrs. Hudson. “I have no body parts or cases.”
John turned on the lamp on the bedside table as Sherlock shut the door. “I dunno what you usually like,” he said, turning to him, “but I’d like to see you tonight.”
John walked closer to him, shrugging with his hands in his pockets. “Sorry, stud muffin.”
Sherlock’s lips worked wordlessly. He gulped audibly. “I wanted to figure it out,” he choked out. “It always helped me figure things out--”
Their morning after is overshadowed by the question of what the hell to do about Mary.
John was glad his message got through, but had to admit to himself that the response was a little more lackluster than he’d anticipated. But, what did he expect? For Sherlock to get up and kiss him? “My kit’s in here,” he said, trying not to let disappointment cloud his voice. “You can sit on the toilet seat. Need a hand?”
With Sherlock awake now, a bundle of nerves was buzzing inside of his chest. It was hard for John to lie still. Everything was new. “Um. So.”
“You...You
“But you are attracted to women as well?”
Sherlock shifted a little so there was space on the chair.
Mrs. Hudson laughed. “Oh, you’ll have to show me sometime, Detective Inspector. I’m sure it’ll be quite funny to look back on!”
His fist shook as he jammed it back into his pocket. “Because I want to know,” he said hotly. “She’s just like you. You’d be quite the pair,” he spat.
“I really am,” John said, pecking the tip of his nose, his chest aching with fondness. “I love you, too.”
Sherlock turned to look at the fire. “Perhaps you should text her. She’s probably worried about you.”
What a fucking soppy mess he was. What was he, a middle-aged man, or a little girl dreaming of marrying a prince?
“Just stay out of my marriage,” she ignored his question. “I get why you love John, obviously,” (a direct jab at his feelings), “but your getting in the way of my marriage ends today.”
A loud buzz broke through John’s uneasy sleep. He opened his eyes, braced his hands on the cushion beneath him, and pushed himself up. He was in the sitting room. Oh, he must have fallen asleep on the sofa after he put Rosie to bed last night. The television was still on. John sat all the way up with a groan, fumbling for the remote squished between his body and the back of the sofa. He turned it off and scratched at his unshaven jaw as he walked to the door. He was in a T-shirt and his pants, but he was too drained to care. He had spent hours last night thinking about Mary, everything she said and did to him and Sherlock until her death. He tried thinking about her motivations for what she did until he wanted to scream and throw something. He didn’t remember going to sleep, but he must have given in to exhaustion. He didn’t feel well-rested.  He opened the door.
Sherlock lifted his head. “Hm?”
John’s gaze was so fond it hurt. “I know,” he said, voice dripping with affection. “I know. You’ve been so good to me," he reached up for a moment to caress his cheek tenderly, "planning my wedding, when you felt this way."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock's legs twitched, mouth working wordlessly, struggling. He let out a quiet, sorrowful moan, looking very small and vulnerable in the hospital.
“No,” Sherlock grabbed the collar of his T-shirt and pulled him close, their lips smashing together, and fuck, that was the sexiest thing John had seen him do so far.
“You’re cute.”
“You shut yourself off for so long, but you’ve still done so much for me, and you love me more than anyone else,” his voice cracked. He sighed harshly and pressed a firm kiss to the top of his head. “And I acted like a prick. I didn’t make things easy for you.”
Everything was dark, and his body felt like it was made from stone. He couldn’t move, and it felt like lint was on his tongue. There was a strong, rhythmic pounding in his skull, and nausea fluttered through his stomach. John felt cool wetness wiping at his forehead gently, and he groaned. He parted his lips, his tongue detaching from the roof of his mouth, and he mumbled,“What’s goin’ on?”
“Thank you,” Lestrade said emphatically. “How’d she react to seeing you again?” he looked down at Rosie.
“I guess I’ll have to find old videos of Winnie the Pooh to show you.” As his eyes briefly went over the toy, something stood out. He did a double take, and on the toy’s bottom, there was a small tag. Thinking that he should cut it, just in case it was a choking hazard, John took a closer look at the tag, only to see faded letters in what looked like marker. He squinted. It was hard to see, but he grabbed the toy and held the tag up to the light. Faded and muddled, John was just barely able to make out
could you do that?”
“Sorry,” Sherlock muttered into his coat lapels.
He rolled his eyes as she left, and in the privacy of the empty flat, he allowed himself to imagine John receiving the bouquet yesterday, smiling softly, a blush dusting his cheeks. He genuinely seemed to like the roses, even though he tried to downplay it, and Sherlock wondered if John had a true soft side buried under years in the service. Sherlock wanted so desperately to know his soft side.
Considering how young she was when Mary was killed, Rosie couldn’t remember her, so Sherlock and John (and Mrs. Hudson) really were the only parental figures she ever knew. Sherlock had a feeling that his time with her, too, was numbered.
“Ah!” Sherlock choked out, legs squirming, voice turning high.
Did Sherlock carry him upstairs?
Neither of them moved.
“I’m in love.” John let the tightness in his chest melt away with the deep rumble of Sherlock’s laughter. “Let’s just go to bed and see what happens, okay?”
John was so fucking tired. “Mycroft, are you serious? I thought he was dead for two years, he almost died for real a few hours ago, and that’s all you have to say to me?”
Sherlock instinctively nuzzled his face in the crook of John’s warm neck. “I hate you,” he mumbled.
Mycroft silently led him down a long hallway, the floors a bleak grey and the walls blindingly white. They stopped in front of one of the large, heavy, metal doors, and Mycroft gave a silent nod to one of the guards. The guard unlocked the door.
Was he upset? John sighed, running his hand through his hair. He looked down at the ground, shaking his head. “You left me,” he said quietly.
“Yes?” His heart started beating faster.
That was another thing. Sherlock was trying not to look panicked. He thought he would have been able to take his sweet time courting John, but his social ineptitude led him to act like a stalker.
, John thought grimly).
“Bullshit!” John let go of him again, nearly sending Sherlock to the ground. He was so angry--he was so fucking angry--he could smack--
One of Sherlock’s hands was gripping the door handle, and the other was holding his chest, and his skin was clammy with sweat. “I wanted--you to come back,” he said breathlessly.
“I’m not doing anything special,” John insisted gently.
It was such an innocent statement that another tear blurred the vision in John’s left eye. His mind was a bloody mess, and everything was happening so quickly, but he believed this to be true. He didn’t know exactly what was going through Sherlock’s head, but as he just said, he wanted to hear the truth from a sober Sherlock.
Sherlock quickly removed his hand from John’s forehead, the smallest flash of guilt on his face, but then it was gone.
It was Sherlock’s turn to shrug. “She was the only one of your girlfriends I met who actually seemed clever and interesting.”
John took her, instantly holding her to his chest. She started to fuss, and John bounced her up and down. How was it possible that Irene managed to make him feel thoroughly exposed?
John smirked. “Too bad for you. I can’t be clean-shaven right now.”
“The roses don’t have any sort of card,” John told him, eyes cast downward. “I mean, if Mary sent them, wouldn’t she have attached put a card with a message on it, even just her name or something?”
“Did you know John would send you emails?” she raised an eyebrow.
John looked down at Rosie, who was sucking her fist happily. He took a steadying breath. This would be good for them. He just had to figure out how to look Sherlock in the eye without feeling guilty.
“I love you,” John said shakily. “I love you so much.”
“Then it wouldn’t be selfish for you to worry about being upset if anything happened to me. It’s natural.” Sherlock didn’t want to be with him out of fear of losing him?
Memories of John’s wedding, one of the worst nights of his life, flooded into his mind. These thoughts seemed pathetic before, and perhaps they still were, but he wanted to tell John. “When you married her...It was a nice ceremony, but I hated it. I wish I could have replaced her right then and there.”
“Yes.”
John crossed his arms over his chest, sighing, feeling stiff from spending so much time in the chair. His thoughts wouldn’t cease, drilling a hole in the center of his forehead. He was so consumed by the crippling guilt wrapping around his gut that he didn’t even notice when Sherlock fell back asleep, worn out from leaving the bed, until a nurse came in a few minutes later to bring in his lunch, and she and John both found him out cold. Sherlock’s face wasn’t at ease; he was frowning in pain even in his sleep.
Rosie got the idea and waved her hand. “Shuh,” she said.
John realized he was palming himself through his jeans, and he couldn’t help but let go of Sherlock completely and get himself off as quickly as he could, and before Sherlock came down from his high, there he was, coming in his pants for the second day in a row, like a horny teenager. There was no way he could have waited for something else, though. He was almost surprised he hadn’t came in his pants just hearing Sherlock’s deep moans as he was being sucked off.
Sherlock must have noticed his displeasure, because he looked up. “I said I found what she said ‘interesting.’ I don’t approve of her methods.”
“It’s fine,” he held it up. “The wounds are doing well, but I still have bandages on it to quicken the healing process.”
Sherlock had said to him. He had to listen to Sherlock. John took a deep breath. He had to focus on Sherlock, on his music and the warmth of his body and the firmness of his muscles.
“Exactly,” Irene nodded. “Does that satisfy you?” she asked, her voice turning needlessly low.
bad--nor had he ever seen John in such a state before when he broke down into tears, and it shook Sherlock to his very core. John’s small, agonized sobs broke Sherlock’s heart, and he wished he had been able to hug John under happier circumstances. Learning about John’s guilt over cheating made Sherlock understand his recent behavior better, and he deduced that John never really blamed him for Mary’s death, but himself. It seemed obvious, in the end.
Dry-heaving was not a normal reaction to seeing one’s best friend and spouse in the moment, he knew. Sherlock was aware that he was being irrational right now. Humiliation was understandable, he thought, but he felt downright sorrow. It was
Sherlock glared at him. “As I was saying, I think we need to touch each other.” His cheeks turned pink. “Slowly, I mean, to ease into it. Preferably undressed.”
He remembered the curve of John’s physique, his arse, his hard cock and his sack…
“I can take you back to Baker Street,” Lestrade told them.
“You make no sense,” Sherlock said in between kisses.
“Want me to get one of your dressing gowns?”
John groaned.
Sherlock made a sound of denial in his throat, but it was weak. He felt like he was glowing, and he wanted to kiss John. He looked at his pink lips. He could feel John’s body heat, and if he moved his head down a little, the tips of their noses would have touched. John loved him. John loved him. John loved him. People kissed when they loved each other, right? John must have wanted to kiss him. Right? Despite his niggling doubts, felt his head tilt down on its own accord.
John rolled his eyes. Well, it looked like Sherlock wasn’t entirely Mr. Safety.
Sherlock felt stupid with his arms by his side as John was holding him, so he tentatively brought his arms up so his hands were placed on John’s broad shoulders.
“You like Italian food, too.”
fond of him tonight, especially after their conversation in the bathroom. Things felt normal between them again, and he felt more compassion for Sherlock, and perhaps more understanding, than he ever did. “Just, one more thing,” words began to leave his mouth without permission. “You--for what it’s worth, deserve the yang to your yin, as you put it.”
Just then, John’s doctor came in with a smile. “Knock, knock,” she said obnoxiously (well, Sherlock thought it was obnoxious).
“Hey, sexy,” John smirked.
John moved his fingers down to feel his pulse, and felt the jackhammer beating beneath the skin of Sherlock’s neck. “Um. I don’t know what to make of this,” John said. He brushed the fringe out of Sherlock’s eyes, and still, he didn’t budge. He expected Sherlock to spring back to life suddenly, but he didn’t. He blinked very slowly, and silently crawled towards John. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck and put his head on his shoulder, his knees around John’s thighs. They were sitting sideways on the sofa, and John had to sit up straighter and hug Sherlock so they didn’t fall over.
“I’ll try not to.” He stood from the stool, grabbed the bag with his lame disguise, and turned on his heel, ready to walk out, but one more thought stopped his legs from moving. “What will you tell Mary?”
“I think it’s gone both ways.” She put a hand on his shoulder. “Just give him more time. Why don’t I make you a nice cuppa?”
“Have you thought about this before?”
Throat tight, he found the loo, entered one of the stalls, locked himself in, and with a harsh, shuddering intake of breath, cried bitterly into his hands, breaths coming out so harshly, they sounded like coughs. His wobbling legs made him sit down on the toilet, and there he was: alone, in the bathroom of a bloody pub, crying his eyes out. He couldn’t even berate himself for this action. There was no other was to react to this. He felt close to vomiting, not only from the devastation, but from how hard he was sobbing. His mind didn’t even pick up whether or not other people were in the adjacent stalls. He didn’t care. There was no one else in the world but him and Sherlock.
“What?” Sherlock looked at him fuzzily.
Sherlock caught it with one hand, his brow furrowed and the bridge of his nose scrunched up in confusion. When he read the note, his expression changed. His features smoothed out, mouth settling in a firm, straight line.
Sherlock’s face broke into the most beautiful, genuine smile he had ever seen, and as if on cue, Rosie started crying.
They stared at each other, the only sound between them being John’s ragged breathing. A couple walked by and looked at them strangely, but they didn’t notice.
Anyway, I *think* the next chapter is the last one, and don't worry, there will be Sex. Thank you all for reading along this far <3
Sherlock’s eyebrows raised in surprise at her outburst, but he said, “That excuses nothing.”
He made a
A lot of strange, incomprehensible things happened in John’s life: transporting to an alternate universe was fucking one of them. But this...This? “What the
Sherlock didn’t know how to fix this. He was hurt and confused and angry and not really read to talk to John yet, but he didn’t want to lose his friendship. He knew things couldn’t be the same between them, not after walking in on him and Mary, not after the words they exchanged. His heart thumped painfully when he thought of John’s words again, his eyes squeezing shut, the thought of John deeming him incapable of a loving relationship bringing a fresh wave of pain.
when he was gazing up into Sherlock’s nervous eyes. John gripped his creamy thighs, rubbing his thumb over one softly, and took the head of his cock into his mouth.
“You’re really leaving?” John rubbed his eyes.
Several hours later, Sherlock’s words were still bothering John. He couldn’t stop thinking about it to the point where Rosie started to cry because he wasn’t paying attention to her. He couldn’t get rid of the cloud which hung over his mind. He truly had no idea that his urging bothered Sherlock. John thought he was only mildly annoyed at the worst, and god, he really didn’t know Sherlock was gay. He felt guilty. If he had known Sherlock were gay, he wouldn’t have made those assumptions. But, he supposed he should have known.
“But you’re right,” John whispered harshly into the crook of his neck, shoulders shaking with new tears he refused to shed. He’d done enough crying.
“Stop it.”
“What a pity,” Irene said boredly. “What about dinner tonight? I would offer to take you out, but you know I’m confined here.”
“John?” Sherlock asked in concern.
“Goodbye, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock said firmly.
John frowned deeply, almost grimacing. “God, yeah. Would you have still done that if we’d been together?”
“It’s all right,” John said, squeezing his shoulder. “I’ve had my fair share of nightmares, it’s all fine.”
liked the singing.
John picked up the remote, and curse him for being left-handed, because he noticed the ring again. “Oh yeah, actually, Sherlock, what is this ring? I don’t wear jewelry.”
“There’s something important I haven’t told you.”
His breath instantly grew heavier, bubbles of anger brewing in his stomach. Should he lie and hide the rose? But, no, it wasn’t for him. That would have been terribly selfish. He cleared his throat and took out the rose. “Here,” he said dryly and tossed it to Sherlock.
Then, something clicked in John’s eyes, and he looked exasperated. “You cock.”
“What’s that?” John asked.
Sherlock looked down. Part of it was to play the role, but another part, a part which frightened him, knew there was some truth to what he was about to say.
Sherlock pursed his lips. “Fair enough.”
“I told you he knows you,” he said, controlling his nerves. “If he knows you, then it makes sense for him to know you’re married, yes?”
Strong arms wrapped around John’s shoulders, and he felt Sherlock’s cheek rest on his hair. Sherlock was hugging him. Was he going to do this more often, now that he already initiated his first hug? (God, John hoped so.) He wanted to lean into the embrace, but his muscles remained rigid. He couldn’t stop crying, and he was humiliated.
John breathed out of his mouth, trying to slow down his hammering pulse, but the tears still poured from his eyes.
Sherlock stayed by John’s side for the rest of the day. Watching him care for Rosie put him in a tentative peaceful mood. In the early evening, Rosie held up her arms and whined, wanting to be held. Sherlock picked her up and hugged her, cradling her head in his hand. He let out a deep exhale. At least she was too young to judge him.
“You’re distracted,” Sherlock muttered.
But maybe Mycroft actually felt a hint of remorse, because he said, “Whatever you did--or he did, I can assure you, it can be fixed.”
while Daddy talks to Sherlock?” He hated that show, but it would keep her occupied for a few minutes. John sat her in front of the television with several pillows  and her new Winnie the Pooh toy and turned on the obnoxious preschool pig for her.
“Just because my brain is fucked up and prone to nightmares doesn’t mean I don’t want to be by your side and help you.”
When they were alone, Sherlock looked up at the ceiling with a moody sigh. “Some of those are from Yarders who’ve never pretended to feel anything but contempt for me. I don’t want them.”
