“John. I’m sorry. I’m in love with you. I’m sorry. I know you do not- cannot- feel the same way-”
This was different though. This was Sherlock.
Likewise.” John yawned and snuggled into him. “Night, love.”
John stared at him for a second, no doubt trying to remember what he was referring to. In fact, John had been thinking about exactly that since they had caught Lucas and he’d been able to relax. He had to stop himself from visibly tensing up as Sherlock mentioned it, feeling a blush start to creep its way onto his face again.
No, this moment stood out for two reasons; one, Sherlock was sound asleep, and two, the curtains were open, letting pale moonlight spill through the windows and bathe the floor in silver. This bright illumination meant that the world was thrown into a greyscale majesty, pierced with shadows that were darker than spilt ink. These shadows were all over Sherlock, making his cheekbones stand out, exaggerating the rise and fall of his bare -
Sherlock glared down at the people crowding in around him. He had only taken the tube because he needed to see what the victim could have seen when the train stopped at Paddington. He hated public transport. So...vulgar.
“I promise I will be. Always.” He held John tighter.
Props to my darling Fred for beta reading :)
What?
I hope you all enjoyed this as much as I did :D I really appreciate everyone who left kudos and comments and bookmarks. You have no idea how happy you all made me! Have a fantastic 2019 all of you!
Just as he was considering the idea of carrying on as though nothing had happened, or perhaps leaving the flat for good, he heard a muffled shout from inside. Senses alert, he unlocked the door quietly and hurried up the stairs to the flat. No sign of John. Another shout rang out, followed by a thump and a low moan, and Sherlock was already outside John’s room, heart racing. He flung open the door, only stopping to ascertain that the room was free of external danger. He relaxed slightly. John was clearly embroiled in a nightmare of some sort, not being attacked by some fiendish intruder as he had imagined.
“I didn’t want to destroy my bed if the experiment went awry.”
“…John?”
“Act like I said something hilarious.” Sherlock whispered. John hardly thought in obeying him, cracking a huge grin and laughing as Sherlock watched their mark walk past. He squeezed John’s hands faux-affectionately as he spoke in a low voice.
“Well, I mean, I can see that. You
“Sherlock, you know when I said I had experience with the other sex? I, uh… didn’t actually get this far with him.” His slight blush spoke of his uncertainty.
He dropped down into his armchair to wait until it was time for him to get ready.
At the promise of sleep, John managed to bring himself to trudge to their rental car. Sherlock opened the door for him after watching him fumble with the handle for more than ten seconds, then hopped into the driver’s seat and started navigating through the country lanes, the only sound the turning of the wheels and the obnoxious snoring from the passenger seat.
“Let. Him. go.” John spat back furiously. He was so furious, in fact, he didn’t seem to hear the creak of the floorboards behind him or feel the slight rush of air as another thug appeared behind him in the doorway.
“Sherlock! Please!” He cried out again, his voice breaking. Springing into action, Sherlock tried to capture his flailing limbs. After a moment’s struggle, he managed to grab hold of John and clutch him to his chest.
John wiped another tear from his eye. “Of course you can have me.”
As John turned to continue his journey, he heard a feminine voice calling his name.
"I think I might go for a walk."
John huffed in annoyance. It was no use. They were both stubborn as mules, and it was obvious that neither of them would back down. Besides which, at this point he was so tired he could sleep on the floor and be happy.
“I’m still angry. Get into bed.” John growled, his stomach churning as he felt the mattress dip next to him. Sherlock sighed worryingly close to him.
. He buried his nose in the soft dark blue cotton, breathing in a scent that he had wanted to catalog for so long.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, fuck,” John moaned, threading his hand into Sherlock’s hair and tugging slightly. He pulled Sherlock’s head back up and kissed him ferociously, biting his lip and pulling him so that they could rut against each other. Sherlock broke away briefly, pupils blown wide.
John pulled back and cracked open an eyelid, clearly taking stock of the situation. His face melted into a slow, cocky smirk as he noticed the somewhat desperate look on Sherlock’s face. His smirk grew wider as he traced a finger over Sherlock’s side, enjoying the small tremor it caused in Sherlock’s bottom lip.
- chest, and creating swirls of black on his face, where his coal-black mane -
“I’ve been waiting for this for so lo-” He drawled, before Sherlock shut him up with a passionate kiss.
"I know you're awake, Sherlock."
“Ah, John. You may be wondering-” Sherlock began to explain the mess, but John interrupted.
He shook his head, trying to get rid of the thought. Sherlock wasn’t dead, he was right here in front of him, and he would wake up soon and come home with John, and they could go back to… normal.
“More than alright.” John beamed up at him. “Tell me if you don’t like it.” Sherlock nodded and moaned as John’s hands found their way to his nipples, rubbing his sensitive flesh. John smirked, and remembering what Sherlock had done to him a few minutes earlier, moved that hand to Sherlock’s balls, where he rolled them in his palm and squeezed gently. Sherlock moaned and braced himself against the headboard. Feeling more confident, John placed his hands on Sherlock’s hips and pulled him up and forward so that the tip of his cock was resting on his lips. He opened his mouth and gently guided Sherlock forward until he was as far as he was comfortable. Then, using one hand to pump Sherlock’s cock in time with his mouth, and the other to squeeze his ass and push him forward, he slowly built up a pace.
“Sorry.” He murmured, a faint blush coming to his cheeks as he bandaged the cut.
“I don’t understand. He what?” Lestrade had come down to the lab where he and Molly had been running an experiment involving the formation of bruises on bodies with different iron levels at time of death to give Sherlock some news that he was having a hard time believing.
“But we work so well together, don’t you think?” Moriarty said, slowly bringing his hands back to John’s head and twining his fingers through his hair. “You get along with Seb, you’re excellent at following orders, you have a taste for violence—,” John grimaced. “Oh, don’t make those faces, darling. You know you do. You can tell yourself that you’re tired of it all now, but we both know that that isn’t true. Maybe I won’t be able to ask you to cut anyone up for me, but you’d do wonderfully at nearly anything else I may require. You’ll rest up a bit and then be bored out of your mind again. You’ll need some
“Okay, okay, relax Sherlock,” Lestrade said softly, going down to sit on a nearby bench to wait for Sherlock to work through whatever he was searching for, pacing back and forth while men in suits avoided him and one woman pushing a pram had to nearly dive out of the way to avoid Sherlock’s war path.
“Oh, John, I’m so sorry,” he heard her whisper before the weight on top of his hand disappeared and a few moments later he heard the sound of a door opening and closing.
“Yes well, we underestimated you and them and Moriarty. But since you were one of the things we underestimated, you can fix it.”
Sherlock sighed. He didn’t understand how this could be helpful, but since he had nothing else to go on with the Moriarty case and he was too distracted by John to be able to think clearly, he supposed it at least couldn’t hurt.
“The way he stood?”
“Step away from John,” Victor commanded.
“You thought I sent that little gift I took of you to Sherlock?” he asked. “Oh Johnny, Johnny, Johnny. Has that what you’ve been thinking this whole time, my darling? No wonder you seem so stressed, worried about me hurting your precious little Sherly. No, Johnny. I told you that I’m done with him, didn’t I? And I’d never lie to you. Never ever ever. How can we work together if you can’t trust me?”
apart.”
John couldn’t even begin to fathom exactly how screwed he was before a voice he had hoped to never hear again sang out in the room.
Another second past and whatever distance there had been between them was closed as Moriarty pressed himself along Johns back, grinding his pelvis into John’s arse and John’s stomach instantly began to churn. Hands reached around to rake along his chest and it was then he realized his shirt had already been removed. The hands wandered over the new scars along his chest, before moving to his biceps and taking time to observe his new bullet wound.
He spent most of his last day drifting in and out of consciousness. Occasionally he’d keep himself awake for an hour or two at a time. At first he tried to think about anything but what drowning felt like.
“Look, go home. Eat something. Hang out in your mind palace or do whatever it is you do and I’ll call you tomorrow and see if I can get you in to see Trevor before we release him.”
“So, was he still his own donor? Did they take the graft from his back?” Sherlock asked, leaning to try and peer at the underside of the body without actually disrupting it to turn it over.
“Sherlock, Sherlock," Sherlock heard a familiar voice calling to him. "I got a call from an officer saying that he found you sleeping on a bench the by the river and I thought, ‘No, Sherlock is probably still being slightly sensible in the face of crisis,’ but then I remembered that you’re Sherlock Fucking Holmes and then look where you are,” Lestrade exclaimed.
“The other two showed no signs of skin removal for grafting.”
“But—,” John started trying to sound conflicted and a bit meek, which wasn’t exactly hard. “But what about Sherlock?”
“Maybe I was wrong about the coercion, or at least the level to which it was done. Perhaps we should consider the possibilities of criminals who might have coincidentally trained as surgeons. But no wait, if I were Moriarty, and I wanted a surgeon, how would I go about it? Yes, that’s what we should do! I’ll just think like Moriarty. I hadn’t considered such an amateur approach with Moriarty because I assumed he’d account for my usual deduction methods and make his decisions with a level of randomness to counteract them, but maybe that was the wrong assumption. He likes things that are a bit like kismet, doesn’t he? So it shouldn’t be too difficult. Moriarty doesn’t want to commit the perfect crime, after all, at least not at this stage. That would be far too boring.” Sherlock had gotten up from his chair and was pacing again, his mind already set up on the new plan that
But then he’d finally gotten Mrs. Huxley to admit that there was a file, a flash drive, which Michael had been carrying with him everywhere on a chain around his neck. Sherlock admittedly didn’t understand what all the pieces where, but after some probing of his homeless network, he’d discovered that there was rumored to be a flat, owned by gang leader Phillip Rogers, referred to not particularly creatively, as ‘The Torture Chamber.’ It was highly likely that that’s where Michael was being held. Sherlock tried to go to the flat on his own of course, but there was not a single vantage point into the flat, with all the windows covered, and no way he could find to break in without it being obvious, and no way to know if anyone would be inside.
"Miss McAllister? Pleasure to meet you! And this is...?"
Sherlock couldn't help but notice a flicker of something in John’s eyes, but he couldn’t quite put a finger on what it was. With a nod, he grabbed his coat and scarf and said goodbye. He'd gotten out of the door and past the end of Baker Street before he remembered with a groan that he'd left his phone behind. Obviously unable to text John to bring it to him, he headed back to the flat, moving quietly through the building so as not to disturb John in whatever he was doing. He stopped in the living room for a moment, trying to remember where it was. His eyes fell on the bathroom. The door was slightly ajar. Assuming it was empty, he entered, and startled John, who dropped the med kit he was holding in surprise. He was sitting on the edge of the bath, naked apart from his pants and several blood-spotted bandages.
“We should follow him in. Try and get near him. I think he’s either meeting someone in there or is using his presence as a signal to a compatriot that he’s ready to give them the stuff.”
He grimaced. It was becoming more and more obvious to him that what he wanted with Sherlock was just a bit more than their ‘normal.’ The cuddling, the hand-holding, the drunken kissing- God, why couldn’t he just be content with what he had? Sherlock didn’t want it, so there was no point in daydreaming about it, was there? He shifted uncomfortably in his chair. He felt so selfish, wanting something Sherlock couldn’t give him. Even now, here, he wanted to reach out and take Sherlock’s hand, just to feel better, to feel safe. He couldn’t. He wouldn’t. He crossed his arms and hunched in on himself, staring grimly at Sherlock’s prone form.
“Uh, yeah, thanks.” John looked down briefly, his tongue darting out to wet his lips as he caught Sherlock’s eyes. They both glanced away, and Sherlock started work on the abrasion on John’s right thigh. He could feel tension roiling in the air as he moved in between John’s legs, trying not to brush against the thin cotton of his friend’s pants. He disposed of the soiled dressing and cleaned the wound before noticing the growing erection in front of him.
“It was him,” Sherlock confirmed, in a low voice. “Your deception worked. If he saw us, he must have thought we were a couple, so we’d better keep up the act for now.” His grip on John’s hand tightened. “Alright?”
“Yes. I… didn’t want to lose you.” John tried to school his face into a friendly-but-not-too-friendly expression. “It doesn’t matter now. Just sit back and get some rest.”
“Follow me!” He ordered, leaping up and tugging John after him. He let go of John’s hands as he hastened towards the kitchen door, which was just swinging shut behind Lucas. They sprinted across the room and Sherlock flung open the door only to lock eyes with his quarry. A split second passed, and Lucas turned, sweeping a set of pans to the floor as he raced towards the fire exit.
After a moment, he opened his eyes again with what looked like great effort.
“And where am I going to sleep tonight?”
We meet Sherlock.
“Shall I do those too?”
Sherlock chuckled at that. “I’ll take you to Angelo’s later,” He promised, his eyes warm as they met John’s. “But first-” He looked pointedly at the bedside clock and dragged the covers up to cover them both.  “It’s about 5am, and I imagine you’d like to continue sleeping.”
Besides, it wasn’t like they hadn’t shared a bed before, and nothing had changed since. They’d just ignored it and got on with their lives. So, John thought, his eyes slowly taking in the man in question’s slumbering face, he’d act like nothing unusual was happening and let Sherlock take it from there.
"Well, as you know, the mortgage is for seven thousand pounds, so you can pay as quickly as you want."
"Sounds cool." Isi was still gazing out the window.
He crept downstairs, intending to make himself a cup of tea, but he stopped short at the bottom of the stairs. Sherlock was still where he had left him earlier, on the sofa with his hands pressed together under his chin. This sight was not particularly unusual; Sherlock often did this for hours on end when he was thinking.
John grunted in consent. Sherlock took his hand as if it were natural and guided him in the direction of said warm meal. He managed to get them seated quickly and ordered a bottle of wine to tide his friend over until his food came. He himself ordered a small meal, knowing John would try to force him to eat anyway now that they weren’t on a case. As they waited, he decided to strike up a conversation to distract John from his gnawing hunger.
“Ah, I’ve just got to get my-” He leaned across John to fetch his phone from the shelf behind him and heard something small but unmistakeable as he brushed against his friend’s chest. A moan. He himself went pink, snapping straight back up. He made a beeline for the door, clutching his phone tight in his white-knuckled hands.
- and opened his eyes. Properly.
“Sherlock- I-” His face crumpled. Tears rolled down his cheeks, heavy and fast, and he buried his head in Sherlock’s chest, choking back sobs that wracked his body. Sherlock stroked his hair soothingly, whispering to John as he felt him slowly relax.
“That’s alright. I’ve got some stuff to do around here anyway."
John still felt uneasy, but he heard Sherlock’s footsteps getting closer. He clambered into the bed, settling on his side facing away from the door as it opened and Sherlock entered.
" The brunette continued, alone: "He lives with another man, whom he has unrequited feelings for; this other man has sandy hair, is a doctor and- oh!" she turned round to face Sherlock. She was wearing glasses and an expression of realisation. "You don't seem too impressed by our deductions, only surprised we can think like this. You must see or do this on a regular basis. Is your sandy-haired friend, perchance, a-"
Their faces were inches apart now, and Sherlock’s bright eyes stared intensely into John’s half-open ones as he related some more vivid details of the case. John’s vision dimmed slightly as another wave of tiredness washed over him, and he found himself absent-mindedly thinking how nice it would be to snuggle closer to the warm body next to him. Quickly, his subconcious took over and he scooched over to tuck his face into Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock froze.
Sherlock absent-mindedly pressed a kiss to the top of his head. John froze, his balled fists flexing in the thick cotton of Sherlock’s coat.
John gazed guiltily on this beautiful sight for a few minutes, then slowly and quietly made his way upstairs again, only to return, after a minute of worrying, with his duvet, which he draped over his flatmate's prone figure.
“That alright?” His voice sounded almost husky. He could feel John’s warmth.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So, Mr Holmes, tell us about yourself."
"Isi! Hello!"
That should work, right?
He was in a blue dressing gown, and judging from the creases in it and the state of his hair, he had slept on the sofa.
“Sherlock, I- I thought you were dead. In the basement, and then in my dream- I couldn’t- I can’t lose you. I don’t
to lose you.”
“Nice tackle, John,” Sherlock said, noticing his friend’s stony demeanour.
“John,” He rumbled once he’d caught his breath, in a voice impossibly lower than before, “May I…?” He tugged at John’s waistband and John nodded emphatically, lifting his hips to let Sherlock pull off the obstructive garment, allowing him to stroke John slowly.
“John, behind you!” Sherlock yelled.
"Doctor John Watson." Sherlock finished her sentence for her. The brunette smiled and stuck out her hand, which he shook politely.
They were still there the next morning when Mrs Hudson came to bring them their breakfast cuppa, Sherlock stroking John’s hair as John snoozed on top of him. She raised an eyebrow as Sherlock held a finger to his lips accusatively, and left the tea-tray on the table, smiling to herself as she crept back out. Honestly, she thought to herself, those boys!
John, however, did not care how close they were to capturing Lucas. They had been in this cold, dark alley for hours, and Sherlock had effectively told him to stand here and do nothing. With nought but the falling snow to divert him, he’d been trying not to think about his over-friendliness with Sherlock the week before. He’d now become hyper aware of every touch, gaze, and smile Sherlock threw his way, unsure of how he felt towards him, and it was keeping him irritable and on edge. He glared at the man in question, stomping his feet to stay warm as Sherlock kept watch from the mouth of the alley.
him. What were they going to do?
"What talents?" Mr Thompson goaded.
“Goodnight Sherlock.” John pulled the duvet tight around his shoulders and closed his eyes, trying to ignore the tension pressing on his chest.
John rolled his eyes before standing up to go pack his bags.
Every time his phone chirped or the doorbell rang, Sherlock's heart leaped.
“Holmes, are you okay?” he heard a voice from somewhere distant. Sherlock found himself gripping the back of the chair he’d just stood up from to keep himself from collapsing. Then there was a weight on top of it. “Hey, Sherlock,” the voice was softer now, “Relax. I can compile a rather long list of people who would kill me if they found out I somehow managed to break that funny brain of yours, including a man who's probably one of the most feared in London.”
John sighed, “Is there really no way I can convince you to let me not come?”
“We aren’t supposed to do anything.”
“You’ve been smoking,” Sherlock said simply after turning to face Lestrade, “Which usually could just mean a row with your wife,
He stared at the ground, defeated. For a second it crossed his mind to spit on Moriarty’s shoes, but the urge quickly receded.
But most alarmingly, the man didn’t have a face. There were no eyes, nose, mouth, just a smooth layer of skin. The skin dipped where the eye sockets were, along with the mouth. The cartilage off the nose had been removed as well, causing another dip in the skeleton where it should have been.
“No, it’s fine. If you’re sure it’s secure here I don’t see any reason why you shouldn’t start catching me up. Do you actually have someone identified as being linked to Moriarty, or are we still working on following strings?” John struggled to pull himself a bit more upright in bed, groaning as pressure shifted along his back.
John rather fire a bullet into his brain than spend the rest of his life working for Moriarty.
"He's tried to kill himself and no one could even be arsed to send me a text?"
“While there are probably some people in the world who do possess the skills to both kill and perform such an operation, why would you look for one person who can, by chance, do both of these highly skilled things when you could find two. It was likely that a trained assassin killed the victims, and then brought the bodies to be altered by another person! I mean, you’ve probably checked this scene and the other two thoroughly. There is nothing to indicate that the victims were killed here. No marks in the wall from the bullet, no traces of blood that indicate fatality. These are old cement floors, highly porous, it would be incredibly hard to remove all traces of blood if it were spilled here. Even if you soaked the floor in bleach for an extended period of time, you’d have noticed the bleach stain. And there is no evidence these floors have been painted over recently. The man could have been killed over a tarp or something, but then that would have likely involved him being dragged here still alive. That level of kidnapping and criminal organization would likely be out of the level of skill of our doctor.
"Mr Thompson, we have solved your case. Please, just give us our money and we'll leave you alone." the shorter, blonde girl was saying. The brunette followed this statement with a half-growled "
This was the man who had saved his life, who wore expensive suits and could put the world’s best detectives to shame before he'd had his breakfast.
Sherlock smiled at that, a smile that soon morphed into another kiss, then another and another, until he had pushed John back onto the bed and they were both grinning as they traded kisses back and forth. With a giggle, John grabbed Sherlock’s waist and pulled him down to lie next to him.
“Hmm.” Sherlock thought for a moment. “Ideally, I’d like you to fuck me-” John drew in an aroused breath. “- but I’d rather take it slow if you’re inexperienced.” John nodded.
John turned to head back down to the living room in order to catch forty blissful winks, but Sherlock stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.
“Someone’s coming!”
Sherlock blinked. He obviously hadn’t thought of that. John sighed.
With a groan, he plopped himself down on a park bench and pulled out his phone, brow furrowed. Searching ‘How to tell if you’re in love with someone’ brought up thousands of results. Trust humanity to be as clueless here as they were in other things, he thought, bitter at his own confusion on the matter. He clicked on the top result, which brought up a checklist which he quickly ran through. Staring at John? Check. Feeling like he was high around him? Check. Constantly thinking about him? Check. Wanting him to be happy, having warm, fuzzy feelings when he’s near, not feeling pain as strongly as he did before? Check, check, check. He went through a few more results, each turning up the same answer: He was in love, or at least falling in love. With John. Who was sweet, and kind, and had kissed him when he was drunk. And sober. And had gotten a boner as Sherlock knelt before him. Huh. Sherlock continued his walk, turning this over in his mind. He loved John. John… appeared to at least be sexually interested in him. But love? Yeah right. John thought of him as a friend, nothing more. He couldn’t possibly
“John, I don’t know what’s going on, but I think you would like to see this. It’s kind of spectacular. In a horrific way, but from a medical standpoint, I’ve been told anyway, that it’s phenomenal work that has been done to these bodies,” Lestrade said and John glared at the other man, probably regretting that strange character trait of his that allowed people to like him and bother consider his interests, Sherlock imagined.
“Oh, but you do, Johnny. I know you’ve been letting that girl of yours rack up the real body count, but you’ve got one of your own on your little world tour.”
Sherlock took a hesitant step towards John and reached out to put a hand on his shoulder.
What he’d done was so much worse, so much more horrific.
“Sherlock, now is really not a good time,” his voice sounded far more desperate and pleading than he had meant it to.
“Please, I have a hunch about him!”
So Sherlock resigned himself to his babysitting and spent every free moment trying to unravel the mystery of Victor Trevor.
“No Johnny that would be the worst thing I could do. I could, of course, if I wanted to. Of course I could. I could grind you into the ground with the heel of my shoe. But that wouldn’t mean anything anymore, would it? You’re already dead, after all, and now you’ve dragged me down with you. Maybe I could rebuild on my own, but it would take ages. You left quite the impression. Even if I dragged around your corpse with me to business meetings, I don’t think I’d ever be able to convince anyone the Peacemaker is gone, would I?” Moriarty was now leaning down close to John almost nuzzling his neck, so close that John could feel his breath on his neck and his lips ghosting against his earlobe. John let out another involuntary gasp. Moriarty hummed into his ear while simultaneously grinding his arse against John’s lap. John thrust against his restraints in panic, ignoring the stabs of pain throughout his body that resulted in the protest.
“I asked Seb to come along to help, just in case you’re suddenly feeling a bit rebellious today, but I don’t imagine that I’ll even need him just yet. You’ll let yourself be shackled and hung from the ceiling just because I ask you to, won’t you Johnny-boy?” Moriarty was so unnecessarily close to John now, he could whisper the words in his ear as he stood behind John. His fingers traced along the back of John’s shoulders and then across his chest to rub a hand across John’s collar bone. Then his hands were suddenly on John’s back and John was shoved forwards, away from him and towards the center of the room.
"I figured he would do something like that."
John’sNotDead John’sNotDead JOHN’SNOTDEAD!
Something wet hit John’s back. At first John was confused, but then the agony began as acid burned into the skin of his back.
John was reeling. Sherlock hadn’t said much, but it was certainly more than he’d ever said before. This couldn’t be happening. Not now. It wasn’t fair to either of them.
Today though, he was going because he deserved whatever Moriarty had plans for him, no matter what that was. If it was his turn to be a faceless body, John wasn’t sure if he should bother fighting it.
“If the medical examiner has already been there, I don’t see what help I could be. I’m not trained in pathology. If you want a second opinion, call Molly. And you’re a chemist, who at this point could probably sit the FRCPath exam and pass without even considering the possibility of revising for it, Sherlock. Between all of you I’m sure you can sort it out without me. I’ll order some take-out to have for you when you get back,” John said.
“Once the wreck has settled, divers will be better able to search it. There were no indicators of anyone in distress while the ship was sinking, and it’s too dangerous to send a diver into a sinking ship.” he heard Mycroft murmur, but for perhaps the first time in his life, Sherlock’s brain seemed to have shut down completely. He couldn’t bring himself to do or say anything. His mind felt like static.
“So I’d stay dead. Moriarty, Lestrade, Mycroft, Sh—,” John’s voice broke, “Sherlock, they would all still think I’m dead. But I’d help you. So that when the time is right Sherlock can make his move and take Moriarty down once and for all.”
“What time is it?” Sherlock asked, ignoring Lestrade’s rage, rolling over on the bench and still remaining curled up and lying down.
“Well it is an American journal, so we were able to rule out a lot of people who might have the skill set after checking with immigration. There were a couple subscribers who are doctors from the UK or other near enough parts of Europe who are well respected, who have families and children that would make their manipulation on Moriarty’s hand easy,”
"You've got him beat, and you've only been at it a few months," Moriarty confirmed.
No one came after him.
“Don’t think I didn’t know what was going on, Johnny-boy. It did take me far too long, but by the time you got to California I’d known.” John tried to remember California but he couldn’t. Maybe it was a corrupt business man with lots of off shore accounts that had been financially backing Moriarty? It didn’t seem to matter now.  “Of course I’d known,” Moriarty continued, “But I didn’t figure it out until too late. What could I do? I was back in England at that point. So I watched you, for five months I watched you topple the rest of my network like dominoes. AND YOU LEFT ME WITH NOTHING!”
“Yes, Sherlock, surely you know that some wealthy people feel it necessary to have areas to store their smaller boats inside of their larger boats. You went to Oxford, and you are my brother, surely these concepts do not surprise you. I don’t know what it’s doing specifically, but I’ll have someone sent out to check the permits. It is unusual to anchor a private boat in this part of the river, but who knows, films now a days seem to have no rules. It's probably an elaborate prop for some spy film.”
“John, John.” John was roused from sleep by Mary shaking his shoulder. He felt his heart pounding and for a second he thought that Mary was waking him from a nightmare. He'd been having them pretty often recently, but thankfully they weren't the screaming bloody murder kind. He couldn't remember dreaming much of anything though tonight.
“But I said I had to destroy yours,” John heard the other man whisper.
“John,” a voice came softly from above him and then someone sat down beside him.
“Fuck off,” John snapped, but couldn’t help but blush.
The adrenaline began to wear off and Sherlock began to lag farther and farther behind the other man, until finally the other man turned a corner and by the time Sherlock reached it and turned in the direction the man had gone, he was nowhere in sight. He also, Sherlock realized, happened to be nearly two miles from the crime scene. He cursed and whipped out his phone, texting Lestrade.
He tried to inhale, trying to find some scent of John there. Perhaps the scent of John’s soap or of tea that he’d spilled, but instead found that he couldn’t breathe through his nose enough to smell anything.
“Oh dear, that’s my queue,” Moriarty said, suddenly moving away from Sherlock, making his way towards the door. “I’ve got knew plans, Sherlock, plans that are far bigger than you.”
What was he supposed to do from here? What kind of counter-move could Moriarty possibly expect him to make? What could he do? There had to be something. Something not right, something he missed, something else out there waiting to be discovered. John’s death had to have some sort of point to Moriarty. He couldn’t have just been disposed of like a common criminal whose use had run out.
“I don’t understand why you’re acting this way. None of this information is new, nothing has changed.”
His moment of victory though was cut short as his eyes scanned the room and he caught sight of a man standing across the room, leaning casually against a stack of boxes.
It was instinct.
a soldier and instantly won some strangers heart despite his stupid, adorable, jumpers.
“John, you’re going to be brilliant, I’m sure. We’re so close to being done. And when we get back there will just be a few more lose ends to tie up, hope that Moriarty and Moran move into position for Sherlock to take them out, and then we’re done. And then happy sexy-times for you, you miserable bastard.”
“What did Victor do?” John asked, losing his patience.
“How about here?” Moran asked.
They didn’t talk about Sherlock often, but there didn’t seem to be any rule between them, or at least any rule that Mary seemed to care to adhere to that dictated that Sherlock was someone-who-should-not-be-named. And maybe there was a good reason Mary had been so casual about him, because now John could hear Sherlock’s name be mentioned without feeling like he’d been hit by a truck. Which was definitely a good thing considering he didn’t want anyone to only have to drop the S-word to be able to leave John completely disarmed emotionally and probably physically as well.
. John thought in return.
, his brained screamed the image of the back of familiar-but-not blond haired stranger burned into his mind.
He couldn't take a case, if there were even any to take, because he couldn't risk some stranger being here when John came back.
a far too chipper voice sang in his ear. John’s hands flew to his head, and he realized he was wearing an earpiece.
“There is no evidence to substantiate his claims. They’ll probably release him in a couple days, maybe he’ll spend a couple months in a low security prison for the breaking and entering charge and his confession if he manages to really frustrate everyone and gets completely screwed over by the legal system. And then when he gets out he’ll disappear. We can keep working. We’re getting so close, John. This gang was one of the last substantial teams under Moriarty’s influence in London. He has some assassins that move around too much for us to deal with at this stage, and then maybe some arms dealers or specialists abroad, but we always knew those kinds of support are too far out of our realm and not closely enough tied to Moriarty to matter if we take care of everything else."
Another gunshot.
HAND” Moriarty shouted in his face, a stream of hot breath warming his cheeks. He then stepped away from John and began to pace in front of him.
“Oh, really?” Victor seemed to hesitate, as if thinking something over. “Found someone mad enough to put up with you?”
The only interesting definitive case Sherlock had gotten that month, and it had hit a dead end.
“Oh, Johnny. Ever so stoic. Here you are, awaiting your execution and you’ve become so resigned? You don’t have any hope? You don’t think that there is even just the smallest possibility that I’m wrong?”
“Because it’s Moriarty. He organizes people, recruits teams, and likely has his own team of preferred assassins. Now why would he go out and look for a single man to recruit when he could find people who are absolutely the best at what they do, instead of one person who is mediocre at both things. Plus, doctors in general have a thing against killing, it being their job to save lives. Of course there are bad doctors, but this was done by a very good doctor. And again, the chance of finding a doctor who is amoral enough to not only kill without any purpose but be coerced into such a, as John so aptly described, bastardized, version of medicine, that would be hard.”
Mycroft said nothing. Instead he helped Sherlock up and guided him to a nearby bench.
“Long time no see, Sherlock,” Moriarty said casually. He didn't move from his spot against the boxes. Didn't come closer to Sherlock, didn't make any gestures. He just stood there like a statue.
“Mrs. Hudson had me watch some with her ages ago, I don’t know why I haven’t deleted it,” Sherlock muttered. “But that is not the point, John!” Sherlock chose that moment to leap up from his chair and begin pacing. “Why did he choose you? Do you honestly think that you’re the most interesting person that he could have chosen?” Sherlock sounded exasperated, and John was growing to be rather upset as well. His temper had always been short, but since the incident it had been even shorter.
“Don’t you even think about trying to stay behind, John! You have to come. Moriarty has finally made another move!”
And then he saw Sherlock, laying sprawled out on the couch of 221B, hands steepled under his chin, looking like the world was beneath him.
“What could possibly be that terrifying?” Sherlock asked incredulously.
“Oh no, Sherman is an awful name, not what I had in mind,” Mary said far too seriously for John’s liking. He looked at her in mock horror.
“I—I—,” John sputtered, but couldn’t finish the thought.
John said nothing in response. Instead, he quickly twisted Victor around so that he was gripping the man in front of him, shielding himself behind the other man’s body and holding the gun he'd pulled from his waistband to his friends head.
John tried, he really did, to brush him off. He had planned to say something like “
“What—” Sherlock started but didn’t finish.
God, he was so tired, wasn’t he? He’d almost forgotten how tired he was.
“Jesus, Sherlock, you’re going to get yourself shot!” Lestrade yelled after him when the officer stumbled into a wall and began cursing after Sherlock.
“Fuck, Mori--,” John began, finally finding it within himself to protest, but Moriarty cut him off.
“When? When did he tell you this?”
“No, I don’t suppose you have.”
“I don’t need a babysitter!”
, John told himself, trying to keep himself from panicking while Moriarty set to work, carefully running the blade along the base of John’s jaw, stopping to wipe the blade on a towel before repeating the motion.
He was going to go insane.
John was speechless. Everything they kept telling him probably made sense, but yet there was so much that didn’t.
been dishonest?"
Then, however, John realized that water was pooling at his ankles, and that the boat was going down.
After a few long moments, Lestrade spoke.
“It was no one, just an old friend,” he heard Victor say.
“Of course. It was my mistake to not realize how the incident with Moriarty might have affected you. I understand how people react psychologically to trauma and it was too optimistic of me to hope that you’d be completely fine. You are after all just a person.”
What day was it? Sherlock clicked on his mobile. It was half noon on a Friday. If traffic wasn’t complete shit, he should easily make it in time. Abandoning his plans at the Yard, he hailed a cab and headed off to Fitzrovia.
And so, he went to go wait for him.
“Give that back you prat!” John protested, shooting out of his chair and jumping to try and grab the journal back from Sherlock’s grasp.
He realized the sirens were gone. Everything was quiet. John had probably been taken away, was on his way to some hospital somewhere.
Sherlock took his bearings as consciousness came back to him. He appeared to be leaned up against a box in some sort of storage room.
them. I’m doing to redeem them, Johnny. All of them John, not just the ones whose faces you ruined. I WANT TO HEAR YOU SCREAM!”
“I’ve caught you on CCTV trying to break the world record for largest distance paced. You’ve been wandering back and forth between Battersea and Canary Wharf all morning. You must really be keeping quite a pace to have been able to have already made it all the way down and back twice over the course of the day.”
John closed his eyes, still holding his breath. He knew he was going to drown, but he couldn’t bring himself to willingly take the last breath and to fill his lungs with the dirty water of the Thames. He was completely underwater now and he’d been underwater for nearly a minute or an eternity when his body started demanding oxygen and John began to instinctively thrash in a vain attempt to get to the surface.
Sherlock said nothing. Victor walked over to take a seat on the couch, making sure to leave John's chair empty.
Sherlock sighed. “Why did Rogers turn himself in? And you told me that you’d found reason to hold Victor longer. You’d promised me that I would get a chance to talk to him. I’ve been waiting all week and what, now he’s just disappeared?”
He remembered him begging Sherlock not to confess his feelings for him. He remembered John warning him that they might not work out.
Victor's phone vibrated.
“Well, Mrs. Huxley. You’re correct in your assumptions. The blood does belong to your son.”
“I wasn’t
“The way he stood?” Victor paused, looking at Sherlock earnestly.
He couldn't risk looking like he had just moved on with his life.
There had to be something he could do. It’s not like people usually parked narrow boats on the middle of the Thames in central London. If one had showed up, it would stick out like a sore thumb and some boating enthusiast with little else to do with their time but obsess about useless hobbies would notice and post a picture on some forum for boating enthusiasts and the police would find it and head down to wherever said boat was parked with a warrant and John would be rescued.
“I’d like to know that myself,” Lestrade said from the doorway, Ms. Hudson having apparently already let him in. Sherlock quickly dropped John's hands and shot up, his and John's position just compromising enough that even someone as dense as Lestrade might be able to sort out the shift in his and John's relationship that John wasn't ready for anyone else to know about.
“I don’t know.”
Sherlock and John arrived at the crime scene, which was an old warehouse in Camden Town that had been for a while used as a night club, but was in the midst of a remodel to turn it into some sort of niche restaurant. The construction had stalled currently though, and the building had been left locked and vacant for weeks. A tip had been called in, alerting the police to the body, and the building had been locked and undisturbed when the police had arrived to check out the tip. Now, though, the building was surrounded in a line of police cars and tape. Sherlock and John exited the cab and met Lestrade at the door.
“Mycroft’s position to Sherlock limits him. Just as the New Scotland Yard are limited because of Sherlock’s connection to Lestrade,” Mary answered after a moment.
They'd made it to the tops of the stairs now, and just stepped into the flat.
Sherlock told her he was fine.
The streets in this part of town, at least at this time of day, which was roughly the middle of the afternoon, were empty. Once or twice a car had driven past, the kind of moderately older, but certainly not in a classic way, carefully repaired to be as flashy as possible want-to-be sports cars that had a habit of blaring music or revving their engines as they passed. Otherwise, though, not another soul in sight.
He was trying to be nice. He really was. It turned out Molly wasn’t actually completely insufferable. She was reasonably intelligent, although naïve. She would catch onto things quickly, meaning Sherlock rarely had to explain things, which he hated. And her irritating crush on him seemed to have more or less dissipated, perhaps of her own inspiration or at the very least because she'd gotten the news that Sherlock didn't tend to be into... people like her, and was also mourning the sudden and tragic loss of his best friend and lover.
Except he didn’t exactly have a life anymore, but he didn’t think that was something the doctor could help him with.
But now, now he needed to do something.
to meet, usually men, obviously gay, and not at all remotely Sherlock’s type, considering they were not 5’8” with blond hair and blue eyes, well-built arms and shoulders but a growing slightly pudgy beer belly, a toothy smile that a man like Sherlock could no way ever possibly deserve, and risen from the dead.
“Are you okay?” Victor asked, apparently having picked up on Sherlock’s internal distress.
John sat down again and Mary came and sat down next to him. His face was hardened and unreadable.
John had mutilated the corpses.
” John had exclaimed in frustration when Sherlock had made the suggestion of running to the Tesco down the street. Sherlock had been insistent, though, that he absolutely needed Jammie Dodgers, and the only thing he would eat them with was orange juice, as it was something he’d done as a child and he was feeling nostalgic. He’d quickly come to regret this lie horribly when John dunked one of the biscuits in the orange juice and held it in front of Sherlock expectantly. When Sherlock was unable to hide his disgust, despite trying valiantly to eat the soggy sickeningly sweet biscuit, he mumbled something about having forgotten that it was actually hobnobs with blackcurrant squash and he didn’t combine the two, anyway.
“But you know what I want. I want redemption, for those men that you defiled. You’d agree they deserve it, don’t you? They never did anything except for their jobs. And it’s certainly not my fault that they ran out of purpose. But you
That out of the way, Sherlock sat back down and returned to his mind palace. Over two weeks after the wreck and he had grown tired of not feeling like he was capable of doing anything. Catatonia was boring. Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, all coming in and out of his flat at any given moment, clearly hoping to see that he’d managed to move himself from John’s chair, trying to get him to eat something, move to his bed to sleep properly, go outside, or at the very least relieve himself.
“I’ll be off then.” He headed towards the door, before remembering the reason he’d come back in the first place.
“Yeahhh.” John slurred. Without thinking, he leaned in, pulling Sherlock in and puckering up for a repeat of earlier. Sherlock, a bit too far gone to notice this, put his arms around John, enveloping him in a tight, passionate hug. John, face buried in Sherlock’s snow-soaked coat, relaxed into it for a few seconds before nodding off, letting all his weight slump against his hug-mate. Sherlock staggered backwards under the unexpected extra weight, landing with a thud on the sofa.
“God, Sherl-” He mumbled distractedly, face buried in Sherlock’s chest. “That feels so- ah!”
As John worked, Sherlock gazed down at him, marvelling at the situation. It felt so good, just like he’d remembered, and with John- God, it was a good thing he could delay his orgasm, or this would be over far quicker than he wanted. He gasped and moaned as John’s hand left his ass to pinch his nipples slightly, and he opened his eyes to find John staring up at him, a cocky smile on his lips that was recognisable despite it being stretched around his cock.
John went into the kitchen -
“So, uh, you’re- you like guys then?” he asked.
“What is it?”
"John Watson!"
“There’s a good restaurant near here,” Sherlock offered, “It’s open late. Shall we finish our meal in peace?”
"Work. What're you doing there?"
“Cute.” John giggled sleepily and poked him in the ribs. “Now go to sleep.”
The brunette glared at him, whilst her friend snorted in derision. They started speaking in perfect unison. "
John sighed. “Yep.”
“It’s not that bad,” John said petulantly. “Only a few minor lacerations.” He reached to pick up the med kit and winced as he jostled the injury on his arm. Sherlock was at his side immediately.
It’d been five months since John had moved into 221B with Sherlock, and so far the lanky git hadn’t done anything truly awful. Sure, there was the whole nearly-getting-John-killed thing, and Sherlock’s utter disregard for regular sleeping hours, other humans, and John’s job, but those were all fairly easy to deal with. After all, John had been in the army, and life with Sherlock was just as hectic and dangerous, if not more. At this point, he felt as though he could deal with anything life could throw at him.
Bold speech is Isi and Ruby speaking in unison.
"You probably already know everything about him, judging by your display of your 'intellectual prowess', as you put it. What I want to know is how you know him."
"There you are, Sherlock." John brought him out of his reverie with a light pat of his hand. "Your head should be almost better by now as well."
Their meals arrived just in time to stop the silence turning awkward again, and John dug in, trying to hide the slight crisis that this topic of conversation had caused in his little definitely-not-into-Sherlock world. Sherlock daintily chewed through his ratatouille and sipped at his wine as John tried to fill his empty belly as quickly as possible. All he wanted was to be full, asleep, or drunk right now, and he was working hard on the first and last on his list. By the time they had finished dessert, he’d had about four glasses and was feeling more than tipsy. Sherlock had had two and a half, and was clearly a giggly drunk, as he had struck up a conversation with John again and was sharing embarrassing secrets about the other restaurant-goers with John in a very loud whisper, making John snort and giggle with him. It was nearing eleven when they finally left, Sherlock skipping down the street clutching John’s hand as he stumbled along behind him.
" Sherlock gave them a half-wave, and crossed over to 221. He stopped at the door, looking back over his shoulder to watch them disappear through the entrance to their flats. He turned back round, and bounded up the stairs to 221b.
“Of course, Sherlock. I’m not gonna leave you.”
"Do you want a lift to your work?"
“Sherlock? You okay?” He heard John, but could only stare dumbfoundedly at him.
“I’m sorry,” He murmured after a few seconds, not meeting John’s eyes. “I should have waited for you. It was my fault.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. John rolled his tired eyes and snatched up his pyjamas from the slightly sooty nightstand.
“Here,” John set the fresh bandages in his lap and pulled some antiseptic wipes from the kit. “Use these to clean it.” Sherlock shrugged off his coat and rolled up his shirt sleeves, not wanting them to brush against the injury, before taking a wipe and gently cleaning the wound. When he was done, he reached for the new bandages without thinking, his fingers brushing against John’s thighs. He felt John jump at the touch.
This…was awkward.
“What was that?” He whispered.
“Fuck.” He whispered, an idea popping into his head. It was a terrible, terrible idea, but there was no time to waste. He grabbed Sherlock’s scarf, pulling him forward as he tilted his head upward and crushed his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock seemed to understand instantly, putting his hands on the wall either side of John and pressing in as the footsteps drew near. There was a slight scuffle as the approaching person slipped on the snow at the mouth of the alley, but John scarcely heard it over the sound of his own heartbeat. He couldn’t really think about anything other than Sherlock’s lips, which were moving gently against his.
"Well, if you insist. Feel free to ask."
“Oh,” said Sherlock, nodding slightly. “Were you being pursued then as well?”
“So how did you say you figured out the next victim?” he asked, trying to diffuse the knot in his stomach.
Sherlock looked up through his eyelashes at John, who was sitting across the table from him, a serious look on his face as he gently cleaned and redressed the wound. He looked up and caught Sherlock's eyes. A curious look passed between them, and Sherlock looked away, feeling his cheeks redden for a reason he couldn't fathom. He was still under orders to ‘take it easy on the brain work’ from John, as he was still healing from the concussion. Given that John was the only authority he'd respect on the matter, this meant he'd been suppressing his deductions and spending most of his time in his darkened room, sleeping, meditating, or reading old case files. He didn't mind this as much as he usually would have. John had drilled it into him that it was imperative to rest if he wanted to recover quickly and he didn’t particularly feel like disobeying, despite the frustration. He had assumed that John would never want to talk to him again after the mess he'd gotten them both into, and yet here he was, tending to Sherlock's every want and need. It was astounding. He wanted to return the favour, as he vaguely remembered that John had been injured too, but his dulled mind had kept him from figuring out where, and what to do about it.
“Look, mate, just let him and no-one’s gonna get hurt.” John growled, hand steady on his gun.
"Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning, good
As soon as he was released, John headed straight for the intensive care unit, those staff that knew him staying well out of his way. After a bit of interrogation of an unfortunate junior doctor, he found the room where his friend was lying, unconscious, but at least still alive.
Across the road, the girls were waking up. Ruby slipped out from under her duvet and crossed the room to stand next to Isi. "Dude. Wake up." Isi didn't stir. Ruby sighed and went over to the cd player they had put in the middle of the room. She pressed play, and The Beatles' 'Good morning' blared out. Isi sat bolt upright in her bed, singing along immediately.
The brunette drew a quick breath, glanced around, then began speaking rapidly. "The woman behind you is a florist; she has bits of plant leaf under her nails, rope burns from the string she uses to tie packages with, she smells faintly of earth, she has all the equipment for floristry in her handbag, which is wide open. She is also a single mother of two; there's a locket around her neck, which is partly open." she stopped to draw breath as the blonde continued.
Once they had both brushed their teeth and changed into their pyjamas - silk pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt for Sherlock, cotton bottoms and a vest for John - John found himself standing in his flatmate’s room, feeling rather awkward and self-conscious for no apparent reason. He’d shared beds with his friends before, in the army and, before that, back in his uni days when he’d partied too hard and couldn’t make it home.
Fuck, Sherlock thought, struggling for breath as the arm around his neck tightened. He could hardly see anything in this dingy basement apart from the spots dancing across his vision. No wonder he had misjudged where this bastard had been hiding. He managed to grab a gasp of air as the door burst open and he was yanked in front of his assailant, only to find himself suddenly staring down the barrel of a familiar gun. John!
Too exhausted to properly scope out the room, John was only vaguely aware of a general theme of charity-shop-catered-to-old-women as he made a beeline to the door that read "bathroom" in flowery script. After emptying his bladder, stripping down to his pants and vest, and forgoing scrubbing his teeth with a finger and the provided toothpaste at the hideous avocado-green sink, he wandered back out into the main room just as Sherlock re-entered. It was then that John clocked the bed.
"Well, tell us about John, then."
Their breath mingled in the space between them. Sherlock felt another wave of guilt crash over him. “You’re not going to, John, I swear. I thought so too and- If you want me, you can have me. All of me. All I want is you.”
Sherlock woke up slowly to a head of sandy hair tickling his nose. He smiled and buried his face in the short locks, inhaling deeply and lazily as he basked in the warmth emanating from his partner. God, John smelt good. He felt him stir in his arms, tightening the arm that was snaked around his waist and pulling them flush against each other. Sherlock blushed. He could feel several parts of John’s anatomy that he wasn’t yet acquainted with, and one part in particular seemed eager to meet him. It jutted into his stomach as John sleepily dragged his uninjured leg over Sherlock’s, pinning him in place. Sherlock drew in a deep breath, his own anatomy responding in kind. He whispered John’s name. John hummed happily back and nuzzled into his collarbone. A curious hand crept under Sherlock’s pyjama top, dancing up his back to stroke his shoulders gently, and he moaned quietly into John’s hair.
“For fuck’s sake.” John wiped at an errant tear and raised his eyes to the heavens. He bit his lip, studied Sherlock’s face for a moment, then leant in and gently placed a kiss on his forehead.
- and continued to talk to him. "So what exactly were you doing half naked on the sofa, freezing to death?" the doctor enquired, buttering his toast.
As the song continued, Ruby went to have a shower whilst Isi packed all of their equipment. As she finished, she remembered that Sherlock, and by default John, was living across the road.
“That was a good idea of yours,” he said, successfully catching John’s attention. “Earlier, I mean. In the alley.”
“Sherlock, you've hardly slept in almost a fortnight, what with this case, the jewel smugglers, and that whole kidnapping thing. Don't be an idiot. Come and sleep with me.”
Sherlock droned on and John found himself relaxing. This was fine, wasn’t it? They’d had conversations like this hundreds of times over the six-odd months they’d known each other. It was normal by now for them to stay up late reliving the grisly details of a case. And it wasn't like any of the times he’d shared a bed with a woman or anything. That was usually purely physical, and he didn't want to shag Sherlock, did he? They were just good friends. The weird feeling was probably just the effect of him coming down from an adrenaline high straight into exhaustion. John turned onto his side to face Sherlock as he prattled on about the case. The dim lighting highlighted his sharp cheekbones and shiny curls, and John smiled sleepily as he let Sherlock’s warm, deep voice wash over him. He could faintly smell Sherlock’s personal scent, and when he turned to face him too John could smell the toothpaste on his breath.
They pulled up outside 220 Baker Street just as the streetlights started to come on.
“Why didn’t you try it in your own bloody bed then?”
Bed…singular.
“John,” Sherlock whispered again, almost timidly, “I thought- I-”
He toed off his shoes and headed towards one of the two overstuffed floral armchairs that stood by the lace-smothered window as John frowned.
Isabel answered him. "Ruby was stabbed a couple months back. I had some damage to my feet, which he helped mend. He was also in the same ward as us. He told me about you."
“Uh… no. I’ll be out for quite a while.”
“Are you going to stay?”
With Sherlock.
The girls settled into their new home rapidly, spreading out rugs on floors and quilts on beds. They had moved the little wardrobe into the bigger room, so that they could have a spare room to keep evidence and guests in. They had acquired a couple of armchairs from a charity shop with the money that they had saved for extra expenses.
“Stay back!” Sherlock’s captor barked. He could see a hint of fear in John’s eyes. Peculiar.
She paused as she remembered something. "Oh yeah! Sorry if we woke you up last night, we don't usually ride that fast. We were being followed."
“And where are you going to sleep then? You’ve actually been sleeping at normal times for the past few days, I’m not about to muck that up.”
To take his mind off it, he started looking around Sherlock’s room. He’d never been in here before, only seen glimpses of it when Sherlock had left his door open and John had just happened to walk past. He had a few minutes now to look around, while he waited for Sherlock to clear away whatever caustic chemicals he had used to destroy John’s chance of a good night’s sleep.
He clamped his lips together in a grimace and turned his head away.
"Well, I've already booked a viewing, and it's only a hundred a month to rent, so why don't we give it a try?"
I have no clue if this is medically accurate or not, I hope you don't mind!
“You kissed me.” John paused. “I- You-”
He huffed in exasperation. A client/murderer had broken his violin two days ago, Mrs Hudson was out, and he was
“Jawn?” He murmured, shaking him slightly. John grunted, the long day and alcohol keeping him from even semi-consciousness. Sherlock sighed and let his head fall back against the headrest, succumbing to sleep in a matter of minutes as well.
Thank you guys so much for joining me on my first proper foray into fanfic! And thank you again to my amazing beta reader/boyfriend for making sure I wasn't writing gibberish XD
Isi cleared her throat and glared at her sister. "So much for keeping a low profile." she muttered.
“Starving.”
“Thank you,” he whispered, as he closed his eyes. John squeezed his hand again gently, trying to ignore the lump in his throat as he too drifted into a fitful sleep.
"There's a building, halfway down the street, that's just been rebuilt. They're letting out flats there at extremely low prices; apparently a terrorist blew up the previous building a year or so ago."
“Uh,” He said, blushing as he closed his legs and moved his hands to protect his modesty.
“Says the man who complains about the sofa being too small to even sit on properly. You take the bed.”
“What. The. Fuck. Sherlock.” he ground out, weary of his flatmate's antics.
“What’s the plan?”
Lucas himself was a slippery customer. He dodged down alleys, across a park or two, and managed to run through the foyer of a hotel before they finally caught up to him. They almost lost him after that, but John managed to take a shortcut through another building and headed him off, tackling him to the ground as Sherlock skidded to a halt next to them. Panting, John restrained him as Sherlock searched him for the top-secret blackmail material Mycroft wanted, pocketing it quickly as he triumphantly texted Lestrade to come and make the arrest.
“You like cuddling, from what I recall.” He ventured, unsure of what John wanted.
“Sh- Sherl- I’m close-”
He had been at the hospital for what seemed like hours now. John felt sick with worry. His heart had been doing double time ever since he’d entered that bloody building, thinking the worst had already happened... A wave of horror rode over him again as he remembered watching Sherlock crumple to the floor as the gunshot reverberated in that tiny room. He bounced his leg anxiously as he waited for the nurse tending to his superficial injuries to let him go, desperate to get out and find Sherlock.
“Um, yeah. Please.” John avoided eye contact as Sherlock, realising he wouldn’t be able to get at the wound on John’s chest properly from this angle, got on his knees before him. He shuffled closer to get a good look, inadvertently placing himself between John’s legs.
“Thanks.” John muttered. The adrenaline had all but worn off now, and he was colder and more tired than ever. His stomach let out a loud grumble.
friend. Yeah, you’re a bit of an idiot for rushing off without me, but that doesn’t mean you don’t deserve- Look, I’ve been with you this far, and I don’t plan on leaving you anytime soon, so just… trust me. I care about you.” The words slipped from his mouth as his grip on Sherlock’s hand got tighter.
“John. This mess is my fault. Take my bed.”
“No problem.” A wave of guilt washed over him. John was clearly upset. What else could he say? Or do? Nothing.
He didn’t have much time to dwell on it, though, as Sherlock turned to him, grabbing his hand and pulling him out onto the street.
" They made eye contact and burst out laughing.
“Let me do it for you.” He bent to pick it up, ignoring John’s huff of annoyance.
“It was the only room left, John. Nothing I could do." Sherlock shrugged off his coat and hung it by the door. "I don’t need to sleep anyway. You can have it.”
“So my bed’s alright for firewood, but yours is too good to be experimented on?” he spat, more irate than ever.
A few hours later, all the necessary paperwork had been signed, and Ruby and Isi had gone back to their old flat to pick up their stuff. They had managed to fit most of it into two smallish suitcases, and the rest was stuffed into a backpack and three pockets. They took one last look around the grotty little hell-hole that they had been forced to call home, then ran down to the street below.
“What should we do?” The alley was a dead end, and they both realised they wouldn’t be able to get out of it without blowing their cover. John could hear footsteps crunching in the snow, getting closer by the second.
“-so then, of course, I knew that those particular seeds were rare in this region, and that plant could only be maintained by- John? Are you alright?”
“Sherlock.” John said, caught off guard by this unexpected outburst. “You’re my friend, my
They smiled at each other, and Sherlock felt something warm and fuzzy inside. This had been happening frequently around John lately, and it was confusing him.
Finally! Sorry about the wait... ^_^' Happy New Year!!!
Sherlock felt his system crash.
A gunshot rang out, and his vision went black.
“I understand,” Sherlock continued, not daring to look at John’s face, “If you do not want me here, and if you… want me to leave. Permanently.” He whispered this and flinched as John brought his hand up to cup his cheek. He risked a quick dart at his face. John’s brow was furrowed, his mind clearly working around this new information.
- blocked the light of the moon.
“John,” Sherlock whispered urgently, reaching back to grab John’s arm. John stepped back out of reach and whispered back.
Mr Thompson narrowed his eyes. "I still don't believe you. Those details are quite obvious. I could have picked them out myself."
John had noticed that the sounds of motorbikes were becoming more frequent in the last week. This time, they had woken him up at 5 am. It being a workday, he couldn't go back to sleep, but, of course, he was too tired to stay awake for two hours until he could start his daily routine.
Sherlock turned back to look at him, calculatingly. “Is- is
And... that's that!
“Do you want to stay in here tonight?” He asked, his eyes betraying the lingering effects of his nightmare.
“What now?” huffed John, trying not to let his teeth chatter.
"Me and Ruby live here now. Didn't Sherlock tell you?"
“We’ll share it.” He snapped, still annoyed about the fact that his git of a flatmate was keeping him from the soft slumber he was craving right now.
"I'd rather not."
Sherlock sat up, pushing the duvet to the side -
Once recovered, he tangled the hand that was lying idle on the pillow beside them in Sherlock’s unruly head of curls and pulled him in for a chaste kiss. His pulling at Sherlock’s hair, however innocent, elicited a low moan from Sherlock, and he hummed interestedly, turning his mind to Sherlock’s own needs. He pulled Sherlock’s head back to bare his throat and kissed tenderly down the column of Sherlock’s neck, stopping at the collar of his shirt. He earnt a small whine as he slowly, teasingly undid the buttons and pushed apart the fabric to lay Sherlock bare. Running his hands over the pale skin before him, he laid curious kisses and soft caresses wherever he could. He explored Sherlock’s exposed ribs, his bony hips, his plump ass, and his shapely legs before tracing a finger slowly up Sherlock’s length. He hesitated.
As he stalked through the busy streets of London, Sherlock found his mind returning to the scene in the bathroom, trying to make head or tails of it. He knew he wasn’t supposed to be thinking too hard, but his thoughts were racing ahead of him, dancing around the topics of love, and sex, and sex with John, and love again.
Please give me feedback, I want to hear from you all!
"Mr Thompson, would you care to see a demonstration of our talents?" the blonde spat.
“I know,” Sherlock smirked. “Could you sit up against the headboard for me?” John did so, looking mock-suspiciously at Sherlock as he positioned himself on John’s lap, his knees either side of John’s thighs, carefully avoiding the bandages. John drew in another breath as he got a proper look at Sherlock’s cock. It was long, thin, slightly curved. He reached up to lightly stroke it. Sherlock purred- honest-to-god purred- and leaned down to kiss him.
He did as she asked, and realised immediately where he had heard that voice before.
"I don't believe you really solved it. You're just a couple of schoolkids trying to make a quick buck." the man, Mr Thompson, sneered.
“C’mon you git, I’m about to pass out.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Really, John, you ought to have said earlier. There’s a quaint little bed and breakfast in the village we passed on our way here. We’ll go there and see if they have any rooms free. Do try not to pass out on the way.”
“Tell me when you’re close, John.” Sherlock had pulled off for a moment, sensing John’s impending orgasm. His plush lips were red and shiny. John nodded down at him, then threw his head back as Sherlock continued his onslaught, quickening his movements. He tugged at John’s balls, ran his fingers up and down his quivering thighs, lapped at the precum that was leaking steadily from his twitching cock-
"I'm sorry?" the young woman batted her eyelashes, pretending to be confused.
“I, uh, didn’t mean to assume- that is, I mean-” John grimaced at his ineloquence. “I’ve done that before. In college. One time.”
“Yes. Although,” Sherlock hesitated for the briefest of moments, “we should probably pretend to be a couple still, in case he recognises us from the alley.”
John complied without looking at him. Sherlock didn’t mean to let his fingers brush against John’s as he took the fresh roll, but the small breath it drew from John made his own pants seem to grow tighter. He finished the job quickly and looked back up at John, who seemed intent on memorising the cracks in the tile wall opposite.
Sherlock realised suddenly what was keeping him so warm. It was John's duvet, he noticed with a start.
“Drop it,” The criminal snarled, glaring at John in the low light as he dug the muzzle of his own weapon into Sherlock’s temple threateningly.
- blue-and-brown dressing gown. Sherlock made a mental note to look into asking if he could dress John  -
“It wasn’t my first kiss, John. I did have a boyfriend in Uni, when everyone said I should have a partner. We kissed and so on, but he was just using me as a trophy.”
The footsteps receded, and after a second Sherlock pulled away to see who it was, his expression obscured by the dim lighting. John bit his lip, thankful that the darkness concealed his blush as he realised his pants were a little tighter after that bit of ‘acting’.
The train stopped at Marylebone station, and Mr Thompson and what seemed like fifty other people got off, leaving behind three seats in a row. The girl who had introduced herself as Isabel went to sit in one, and 'Ruby' sat beside her. Sherlock sat down next to Ruby, who turned to him with a smirk on her face.
He looked up and down the street, but he didn't see anyone. He strode off, mildly puzzled, but stopped again as the mysterious speaker revealed herself.
“Yes, thanks.” John’s voice sounded an octave higher. “Sorry- I-”
“Love you,” he murmured, marvelling at the ease with which the words slipped off his tongue and the sincerity he found in them.
“Fine.” John grudgingly offered up his injured arm, taking a fresh roll of bandages from the med kit in his other hand as Sherlock carefully unwound the old dressings, revealing a long cut across the bicep.
“John,” Sherlock murmured, focusing on the bandages on John’s left arm, right leg, and torso. “You didn’t tell me it was this bad.”
“I love you too,” John slid closer, wrapping his arm around Sherlock and resting his head on his chest. “Although I should have insisted you buy me dinner first.”
“I don’t deserve it.” Sherlock’s voice was bitter.
John grimaced. “Thanks.”
“Sherlock…” He breathed, as Sherlock’s undamaged hand made its way to the front of his pants and he pressed into the touch, running his hands over Sherlock’s body, exploring and discovering as he had wanted to do for so long. Another frustrated growl burst forth from Sherlock and he grabbed at John’s t-shirt, yanking it up and off, barely getting it off before his mouth was doing unspeakable things to John’s hard nipples.
John nodded, keeping his eyes fixed straight ahead and dreading making eye contact with Sherlock ever again.
Sherlock nodded emphatically, reaching up to pull John down into a passionate kiss that lasted until they had both run out of breath.
He continued to breathe as though he was asleep; he would just observe John. He had nothing else to do, and it would be interesting to collect data that he would usually miss.
Oh no.
Smelt of old books, sweat, morning cups of earl grey, aftershave, and a little bit of something like lavender honey, but most importantly, it smelt of
“Yeah, but that’s different. We’re friends.”
“You don’t…what?”
Both girls stood up straight. Sherlock could feel the anger rolling off them in waves.
Sherlock moved, and she could see past him to where John was heading out of the door.
Sorry this took so long guys! I'm kinda losing interest in this fic, but I'm gonna see it through to the end for you! I'm hoping to finish it before the end of the year, but we'll see how that goes ^_^'
He didn’t know what to expect really. There were scientific posters on the walls (unsurprising), a few pictures of famous criminals (creepy, but not unlikely), bookcases crammed with what seemed to be scientific journals and rare copies of old books, a faint smell of sweat and decomposition, and, of course, the bed.
"John, for Christ's sake,
“Sherlock…” He hummed, beckoning him to lie next to him. Sherlock smirked at the profound effect he’d had on his lover and crawled back up to join him. John glued himself to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him tightly and nuzzling happily into his neck, pressing grateful kisses to every bare bit of Sherlock’s skin he could reach. They lay down again, and John pulled him closer, breathing deeply as he recovered from his orgasm.
John nodded, silently cursing himself for ever thinking up that hare-brained plan. Sherlock tightened his hand around John’s again.
John woke up late the next afternoon, head resting pleasantly on someone’s shoulder. He lay there for a second, feeling the warmth of the body next to him and the tightness with which whoever-it-was was holding him before remembering who, where, and what it was, although not why, when, or how. He opened his eyes a crack to see Sherlock, fast asleep and curled around him. Not wanting to wake his sleeping flat-and-now-apparently-bed-mate, John courteously kept still as his mind panicked like a captured pigeon with a rigid view of its own heterosexuality. He remembered last night, listening to Sherlock as he explained the ins and outs of rural borrowing laws and the lineage of a farmer’s dog, and he remembered…
"No, of course not." Miss Jersey replied. "I'll give you all the necessary paperwork, and you can sign it."
With a lengthy groan, he managed to get out a “John, I’m going to-” before his body betrayed him. He heard himself moaning and gasping as he spilt into John’s mouth, and shivered slightly as his orgasm passed over. Coming back to himself, he pulled away slowly and sprawled on the mattress next to John with a small groan. He cracked his eyes open and saw John grinning down at him, lips red and cheeks redder.
"Are you talking about 220?" Sherlock cut in. The girls nodded simultaneously; once up, once down."I live across the street. I'll be more than happy to help if you need anything," he continued, "But John will be expecting me back any moment now. Goodbye!"
Sherlock stopped him with a wave of his hand. Time to diffuse the situation. “Entirely my fault. The position I chose was… improper. I can only imagine it was a simple stress response. Nothing more.”
The train doors closed, and he found two girls pressed against his right arm, muttering fiercely to a middle-aged man. He listened in on their conversation, too bored to do anything else.
“Yeah, well, as long as you’re here.” John grinned.
Sherlock drew a deep breath. Best to get it over with, he thought.
Goodness gracious, those boys are at it again!
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s alright, Sherlock.”
It had been a week since they’d returned from Herefordshire, and they hadn’t had any rest since then. They’d finally gotten back to their flat to find Mycroft, ready and waiting with a case and a way of blackmailing Sherlock into taking it. Said case had taken them all over London in search of clues, and had now left them staking out a row of large abandoned warehouses which Sherlock was convinced wanted blackmailer Eduardo Lucas and his stolen goods was hiding in.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him. John mentally winced at the double entendre.
Eventually, they made their way back to Baker Street, Sherlock shushing John loudly as he struggled with the front door, and John shushing him back as they clumped up the stairs together, still holding hands. Once they were safely and loudly ensconced in their flat, John turned and grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his coat, suddenly looking as serious as he could while completely legless. Sherlock stifled his hysterical giggles as he realised John was about to say something. John himself didn’t quite seem to realise this, so it took him a few moments.
“John hasn’t really been in since then. Sherlock, are you sure that everything’s alright?”
But Moriarty hadn’t asked John to protect Sherlock with a gun.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” Lestrade asked.
Moran had pushed the table into Moriarty’s reach, and then quickly went to stand somewhere behind John again. Moriarty reached out to the table and picked up what turned out to not be a scalpel, but rather a shaving brush and a dish of shaving cream. He began to lather it over John’s face. The sensation of it in another scenario may have been soothing, but John found himself over sensitized after his panic attack and brush tickling along his jaw felt more unbearable that the pain in his chest.
That’s all he was now. A beige jumper. A beige jumper that also happened to have a mustard stain along the bottom hem. Brilliant.
“It’s nothing. No one.” John hastily shut the phone off and stuffed it into his pocket. “I thought we had a crime scene to get to?” John headed out the door of the flat, leaving a very confused Sherlock and Lestrade to follow him, trying to figure out the sudden about face from John.
“So tell me, doctor, where can I stab you that will hurt like hell and cause you to bleed something awful, but won’t kill you before the boat goes down? And don’t lie just to end it early. The boss will know and rethink his holiday.”
No matter what it was, Sherlock couldn’t seem to make any sort of conclusive deduction from Victor’s appearance. He could hardly even make a good guess. And even still, none of those possibilities had any discernibly meaningful implications.
God, he was so tired.
"So you expect me to just sit around the flat and wait, while John is potentially fighting for his life?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and puffed up defensively. Yes, Mycroft paid him for things, but he didn’t pay for his things. At least not usually.  More often Sherlock found ways to extort money from his brother. But he wasn’t some spoilt posh kid taking handouts from family money, and certainly not from Mycroft.
“He didn’t
Sherlock managed to surge himself to his feet, and was out the door after Moriarty.
“Ice dancing? Since when does anyone know anything about ice dancing, especially you?” John replied, choosing to ignore the more important bits of what Sherlock had said.
This ache was a thousand times worse than it had been then.
"I've been... monitoring," Mycroft said slowly as he approached Sherlock.
John had had a lot of not good in his life. But Sherlock had been something good. And even if it was over now, that didn’t negate it.
"You don't mean just mentally," Sherlock asked suddenly as the realization came to him.
After spending some time involuntarily running an inventory of his injuries, John realized that he was alone, and that he was going to die, and that he would in fact have to let those facts stew in his mind for an entire day. John slowly began to work himself into a panic as he considered it, but thankfully the panic combined with the blood loss caused him to lose consciousness again.
And with that he was out the door.
“He took the tube from Mornington Crescent to Canary Wharf. We followed him out the station heading north, but afterwards we lose him.”
“I’ll do you one better,” Moriarty said calmly before he bent down and began to untie John, kneeling to undo his ankles first before reaching around him to untie his hands which were tied behind the chair back. “Remember what I said,” he whispered into John’s ear before John’s hands fell free.
After all, the amount of people arrested for petty crimes who would turn out to have involvement in organized crime was abnormally high. Particularly when some of them would come in on a charge that if convicted to maximum sentencing would only get them a year but then would flat out confess to some other crime that held a minimum sentencing of anywhere between five and fifty times that if convicted.  And he didn’t even want to talk about the number of people who were just turning themselves in or the groups of criminals whose activity had been being tracked by entire divisions of the Met for ages seeming to disappear without a trace overnight.
“Victor, dear, there is someone here to see you. She seems quite desperate,” Mrs. Hudson announced, sticking her head through the door of Sherlock’s flat.
"Well then I must tell him!"
Mycroft opened his mouth to speak, but Sherlock cut him off. He was pacing now, back and forth, one foot stamping down in front of the other.
No matter what it was, Sherlock was thrilled. Nearly as thrilled as he was when that serial killer had managed to get involved in a murder/suicide, which was related to a series of robberies. Which is to say it was
No, he couldn’t think like that. Moriarty was cruel. Terribly, terribly, cruel, but he wasn’t that kind of cruel. John was the one thing that Moriarty would likely ever have as real leverage against Sherlock, and if he intended to kill John, he would make it as painful for Sherlock as possible. And while Sherlock was hurting a whole hell of a lot right now, it would be naïve to think that he couldn’t hurt more.
He nearly groaned. Not again! Last time had been so awkward, especially when he’d woken up to find Sherlock long gone and had inexplicably felt like a one-night stand who’d just been ditched. He looked despairingly at Sherlock.
"The case, John. Honestly! You would think you didn't know me at all."
He continued on like this, eventually ending up back in front of the flat, pacing furiously as his thoughts roiled and his stomach churned. It was nearly midnight, and he couldn’t see any lights on, which was good. He didn’t think he could face John right now.
“Yeah. Do you?” John scooched a bit closer. Sherlock nodded. He could see that his pride wasn’t letting John make the first move. Steeling his nerves, he folded John into his arms, careful in his movements so as not to jostle their injuries. John allowed Sherlock to slowly pull him down until they were lying face-to-face, just like they had in that hotel not too long ago. John swallowed his pride and flung his arms around Sherlock, burying his face in his chest and squeezing tight. Sherlock responded in kind, holding John as he buried his face in his sandy blonde hair. He adjusted the duvet so that it covered them properly, and pressed another kiss to John’s head, humming contentedly as he felt John press a kiss to his chest where his face was buried.
Sherlock unfroze. His lip trembled. “Really?”
A massive thank you to my lovely boyfriend Fred for beta-ing for me and putting up with my constant rewrites ^u^
"I see."
He must have nodded off for a bit, because the next thing he heard was Sherlock’s voice, quiet and husky, whispering his name. John blinked blearily as he met his friend’s worried eyes.
“Love you too,” came the muffled reply, which was soon followed by a soft snore. Sherlock smiled happily, turned off the bedside light, and joined John in a happy, peaceful sleep.
“Good?” John teased.
It had been a long, long day in Herefordshire. Sherlock had deduced a serial killer’s identity by matching mud samples from the victim’s shoes, just as John had been in a grimy basement five miles away, tackling said killer as the next victim cowered in the corner. After the usual rigmarole with Sherlock wrangling the local police and John making a witness statement, the criminal was arrested, Sherlock had a good gloat, and as the adrenaline slowly ebbed the tiredness of being awake for over 35 hours straight hit John like a runaway train. Unfortunately, this being the back end of nowhere, he was miles away from his nice, new bed, and Sherlock didn’t seem to be too worried about anything except filling him in on what he’d missed while he was off staking out the killer’s hiding place.
WRONG
“Shush,” John mumbled softly, “we’re both safe. I’m here.” Without thinking, he reached out and took Sherlock’s hand, squeezing it comfortingly. Sherlock squeezed back.
An hour passed, and he found himself replaying the fateful afternoon again and again in his head. It was lucky that the bastard holding Sherlock had only pistol-whipped him, and the one who had loomed up behind John had missed his mark and buried his bullet in the wall instead. It was unfortunate that John had had to break his jaw, but when a muscly goon is swinging a knife at your guts, you don’t really have time to step back and say “Hey, why don’t we just sit down and talk this out?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking up at Sherlock again though, he guessed they didn’t have to talk about it. As he gazed at Sherlock’s plush lips, slightly parted in his sleep, John reasoned that if Sherlock had a problem with this, he would have spent the night in the armchair.
But none of that mattered really. Because Sherlock was kissing John. And it was brilliant. And John was kissing back.
Sherlock heard her voice still come from the phone as he pulled it from his ear and hung up.
"John," Sherlock started, but the paused, considering his words. "I need you," he finally decided on.
“Then John is a far better man than I am,” Victor responded, sounding strangely reverent. Sherlock catalogued that detail for later analysis, but otherwise thought little of it, considering that the conservatory of his mind palace was overrun with hundreds of bits of information for later analysis. He really should make a new room especially for them.
things. But ugh, how boring is that? But we could rule the world couldn’t we, forever, no matter what.”
He didn’t know where he was heading. It didn’t appear to be home, walking the wrong direction entirely, but he didn’t have it in him to turn around. He walked blindly as he retreated into his mind palace. There had to be something somewhere in there that he could use. He was done playing games. To say Moriarty had gone too far would be an unfathomably large understatement.
Sherlock continued to scowl, but followed Trevor down the street to the coffee shop that his friend/babysitter/new arch enemy had insisted that Sherlock try. Several months ago, after the incident with Huxley and the mugging, and Mycroft had put two and two together and hardened down his watch on Sherlock by hiring his old university friend to keep near constant tabs on him, Sherlock had tried ditching Victor. Victor, however, despite his general uselessness at pretty much everything else, was very good at finding Sherlock whenever he’d try to run off.
"Yes, Sherlock."
Had he been mistaken? Had he died and not realized it? Was this the nothingness of death or a dream of his oxygen deprived mind after he’d lost consciousness and was now just about to drown as his body instinctively breathed in the cold water? It couldn’t be. But he had nowhere to go. And now that he had oxygen, he realized that the adrenaline had worn off and he felt his body going into shock. He was so cold and so tired and everything hurt. He began to shake.
And process the news he did. Sherlock’s mind began to scramble.
“Oh, only in Sherlock’s best dreams does he even dare to imagine such things.” John heard Moriarty’s voice before he saw the man slip out from behind a door at the end of the boat. “Do you care to join me, John, I’ve done a bit of remodeling, and have something I want you to try out.”
“He had help, of course. Two long time spies, hired by a mysterious entity, one of whom had even once been a friend of the opponents.”
Sherlock was only half listening. He knew that this information must be important, so he wasn’t completely shutting the information out. But most of his mind was reeling.
“Hello, yes, is this Sarah?” Sherlock said recognizing the voice on the other end of the line while the surgery’s generic greeting was delivered.
,” John spat reverently.
The space inside was huge, and as the large building was nearly hollow, and you could see the body right away. In the center of the large room, it lay on a metal table. Large lights and tarps surrounded it, the set up reminiscent of an operating theatre.
“I want to get you back to looking like your old self. John Watson was always a pretty impressive man wasn’t he? All this Peacemaker garbage isn’t some alter ego you developed, is it? No, that man has always lived inside you, didn’t he? But you hid him. Hid him because you doubted yourself, was afraid of your own power. And then Sherlock helped you get over those doubts, didn’t he? But you still had to restrain yourself around him. You were too afraid of scaring Sherlock off, was that what you told yourself?” John did not acknowledge Moriarty’s line of questioning and instead took slow, shallow breaths through his nose. “But what you were really afraid of was that you would outshine him, wasn't it? You were worried that if Sherlock knew all that you are, he wouldn't want you anymore. You were afraid that everyone would think you’re too crazy, right? Everyone always worries that if they’re themselves, their true selves, that everyone else will think they’re crazy. What would the world be like, though, if everyone stopped worrying about being crazy? You stopped worrying and brought the world to its knees.”
“Oh, John.” The tone of Sherlock’s voice caused John, who over the course of the afternoon had worked himself into a toxic cocktail of emotion, to let out a strangled gasp that sounded much too much like a sob. There was so much pity and sadness in Sherlock’s voice, John couldn’t bear it.
The groans that came from deep within Sherlock’s chest seemed to vibrate through John and all at once he was pushed over the edge. John tried to keep pumping Sherlock as his orgasm coursed through him, but he couldn’t get his limbs to cooperate. Thankfully, Sherlock seemed to understand, or was just too close to tolerate John’s complete uselessness, and began to thrust his hips, fucking John’s fist until he came, collapsing on top of John.
Sherlock froze. Mad enough. Yes, John had been mad enough.
The only thing Huxley did seem to be good for was that he was desperate enough to make a deal that would ensure he was not sent to the same prison as Phil Rogers, who he apparently did not leave on the best terms at their last meeting, he, in panicked desperation, named the crime fighting force that had been destroying Sherlock’s career.
“That boy is really an enigma, isn’t he? Quite the lady killer!” Mrs. Hudson laughed before heading back down the stairs to her flat.
"He shot himself."
“That ‘tech-y little nerd’ was asking for it by hardly being secretive about his illegal firearm in certain circles. God, some people are such morons, compensating for whatever else they think they don’t have by waving around a gun. And you’re the one who taught me to try and bring people down through tax fraud. When I checked his records, the man was broke. All I had to do was wipe the fingerprints off the snipers weapon, plant some of his on it, and then switch the snipers with his so the ballistics would match and the Met can build the rest of the story from the broke but smart and arrogant nervous kid who grew up in a rough neighborhood with a brother in prison for a similar crime, after tipping the police off about him. Plus he had a similar build to me, so Sherlock has absolutely no idea it was me he saw running away from what he would later discover to be a crime scene after I’d fixed it a little bit. It’s all luck and circumstance. Luck and circumstance that I doubt applies when I don’t have home advantage,” John groaned again, letting his head drop back so he stared helplessly at the ceiling.
“What, Mar, are you jealous Moriarty didn’t try and recruit you?” John gasped at the resentment in Mary’s voice, mostly joking.
“Yes you are, Sherlock. Would you like me to catch you up? I have a wonderful story to tell you. It’s got a lot of twists and turns!”
It was everything he had hoped it would be, in those few moments when he let his mind wander to consider what it might be like to be with Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock’s tongue was in his mouth and he couldn’t remember ever granting entrance. Nor could he remember ever considering denying it. And god, was it an amazing tongue. John had a fair deal of experience snogging, but this was something else entirely. John had never imagined that Sherlock had a lot of experience with kissing, but either Sherlock’s genius extended to all things or he’d been keeping some things from John.
“Hey, mate, you alright?” Victor asked as he walked back towards Sherlock. “Hey, come on let’s go get some espresso in you, alright?” Victor suggested, and Sherlock found himself nudged into step by a brush of his forearm from Victors own.
“The only thing keeping John from being a suspect is that he’s John. He's an excellent surgeon, or was before his injury and career change. He does subscribe to that medical journal. He has ties to Moriarty, technically. Since it doesn’t appear that he has an alibi anymore, also counting the fact that he’s missing now, makes him seem like the only real option.”
anything, really. He apparently went to uni with Sherlock. They’re kind of old friends. And well, when Sherlock found him at Roger’s flat, well it was a bit of a strange reunion. Victor was released less than a week after he was arrested, no charges pressed, thanks mostly to you getting Rogers to turn himself in. But Sherlock’s been trying to track him down for months. Keeps getting a hold of him too, occasionally. Vic’s good at disappearing though, but the damage is done.”
His mind cleared further and he put the two thoughts together. Oh God, Sherlock must know. Moriarty had to have sent whatever video or photo he took of him to Sherlock. And now Sherlock knew. He knew John was alive. And that piece of information in Sherlock’s mind would inevitably mean that Sherlock would soon know everything else as well.
“Yes, Sherlock?” the Doctor clearly recognized Sherlock’s voice immediately as well.
“I’m allowed to have friends, Sherlock,” John stated. Sherlock heard John’s mobile buzz again.
“Um, here’s a card, that’s my mobile on it. Text me,” he said, pulling the business card out of his pocket and dropping it on the table in front of Victor before flying out the door.
Darkness surrounded John, he seemed to be floating in some sort of void. After an unmeasured moment he realized he was lying against something hard and cold and there was a heavy and unfamiliar weight on his chest. His hands reached out, groping nothing but what he realized was a tile floor, which he was lying on.
“Sherlock, are you sure that John, er, cheated on you?” Lestrade said hesitantly.
“Better?” John asked, quirking an eyebrow as he looked up at Sherlock.
had inspired in him just fine.
He hadn’t felt this good since the first time he’d ran through the streets of London with Sherlock after having dinner at Angelo’s. He felt nearly high all the time, adrenaline in seemingly endless supply.
He didn’t wanted to talk about John. John had nothing to do with his life anymore.
“Awake again, Johnny? You didn’t really think I was done with you yet, did you?” John heard Moriarty chide from somewhere in the distance and he snapped his focus back to the situation at hand. He looked up to see the other man a few meters in front of him sitting at a large wooden desk. He was reclining back in a swiveling desk chair and he had his feet propped up on the table. It looked like John was still in the same vast, high ceiling-ed room that he was before, but now he was turned the other direction, revealing what looked to be a makeshift laboratory and office. Metal folding tables were set up around the edges of the large room and were littered with stacks of books and paper, as well as a variety of equipment, some more sinister looking than others. Moriarty sat in the middle of it all, grinning at John with a look of confidence that was deeply disturbing to John. He looked like a king ruling over all of the laboratory supplies that surrounded him.
"Possible vantage points for snipers." Isi half-turned and gave her a lopsided grin. Miss Jersey laughed nervously.
John batted Sherlock off him, shooting him a glare for the vigorous shaking he'd woken up to. He sat up and blearily looked around. Where was he anyway? Before he had time to get his bearings, Sherlock pulled him out of the car and towards a little Tudor-style house that had a sign proclaiming it was an “OTEL.” He shook his head to clear some of the fuzziness that comes from getting half an hour’s bumpy sleep in a car. The inside of the ‘OTEL' seemed nice, not that he saw much as Sherlock briefly nodded to a young, bored looking receptionist, unlocked a door, and unceremoniously shoved John through it.
The girls stopped outside 220. "
"Sorry." John mumbled, through a mouthful of toast.
He was pulled out of his reverie by the sound of the shower. A couple of minutes later, John emerged, wet haired and ensconced in his -
“Sherlock,” John breathed, “You monumental idiot. How have you not noticed by now that I love you too?”
He heard Sherlock pause, then sigh.
“Of course,” Sherlock pulled away reluctantly. “I’ll be right back.” He practically sprinted downstairs, and was changed and ready for bed in record time.
The answer to John's question was that he had been wondering if it was easier to sleep on the sofa, so that if John had a nightmare- "Sherlock?" John's voice broke through his train of thought. "I was just...thinking."
“Mmmm,” John replied, “Don’t wanna wake up,” He sighed and moved his hand lower, dipping below Sherlock’s waistband. He squeezed Sherlock’s ass, making him moan loudly and buck into him, his fingers flexing in the duvet. He growled and nipped at John’s ear.
At around 12:57, Sherlock finished the experiment he was conducting and called Lestrade to let him know who the killer was, his motive and where to find him and his murder weapon.
“Well, I know the mechanics, I just- what would you like?”
They were currently working on a case that if they were successful in, they would receive £2450 for their efforts, and another £200 for their silence. Neither of them had been eating regularly due to lack of provisions, so they were considerably excited at the prospect of such a large amount of money.
“You? Mr Sherlock drama-is-my-middle-name Holmes? I bet you’d love someone fawning over you, listening to your every word, giving you gifts and stuff.”
20 minutes later, after ensuring Lucas was safely restrained and waving off Lestrade’s requests for statements and the like, they found themselves walking back towards home together.
John glared at Sherlock.
“Uh, thanks.” He shot Sherlock a strained smile. I’ve never seen John this hungry, thought Sherlock, noticing his tenseness and fidgeting fingers.
Sherlock stared at him for a second.
“Sherlock!” John cried out, thrashing about in his duvet. Sherlock cautiously stepped closer and flicked the bedside lamp on. John was clearly terrified.
Isi had gotten accustomed to the stove and the oven, and was working up the courage to cook something, and Ruby had fitted removable bars over the windows in the living room and seven extra locks to the front door.
"The man standing next to the florist is obviously stalking her; he is holding his phone at an angle where he could easily take pictures of her, he is leaning in towards her more than is polite, showing all the signs of attraction, and hasn't taken his eyes off of her since he got on, yet she shows no signs of recognition."
“John, go round the front!” Sherlock bellowed as he gave chase. John did as he was told, racing back around to the front of the restaurant in time to see Lucas emerge hastily from a nearby alley, Sherlock hot on his heels. He raced after them, cursing the slippery snow that was piled up against the buildings and halving the usable pavement.
“John, wait. You can have my bed tonight.”
Sherlock stared at him for another second. John took another swig of wine, trying not to think of the kiss, or the cuddling, or the hand holding. It wasn’t like that! They were just good friends! For fuck’s sake!
He burst through the door, making John look up from his newspaper in alarm. "Sherlock! What-"
“You’ve never done this before?” Sherlock was slightly surprised at John “Three Continents” Watson’s admission of ignorance.
“I’m here, John, I’m here! Wake up!” Sherlock shook him, and John woke up, fisting his hands in Sherlock’s coat before realising who he was clinging to. Sherlock could feel his heart pounding against his chest. John looked up at him, wide-eyed.
John walked back in with a plate of toast in one hand and a mug of tea in the other. "Thinking about what?" he countered, skeptical.
"Hey, Isi! What about five hundred and eighty-four a month?"
“I guess so. I mean, he was the one who initiated it.”
“What?” John’s head whipped up.
That is, until he came home from a long day at work, trudged up the stairs - barely noticing the suspiciously flatmate-free living room – and entered his room for a nice long sleep...to find Sherlock, clad in lab-coat and eye protection goggles, standing over the charred remains of John’s bed. John closed his eyes, not wanting it to be true. He opened them. The bed was still burnt to a crisp. For fuck's sake.
“Sh’lock,” He hiccupped, “Yer- yer my best friend. Am so glad I met you.”
"Hmm. Sounds pleasant." Isi replied, sarcastically.
“Whatever, Sherlock. I’m too tired for this. I’ll yell at you in the morning and crash on the sofa tonight.”
They followed him for a few minutes, making sure to vary their pace and stop at various places so they didn’t rouse Lucas’ suspicion. Eventually, he stopped outside a restaurant, seeming to check around him before darting in. Sherlock and John, who had pulled back as he had slowed down, stopped and turned to each other.
