He felt himself relaxing further. His mother changed the topic, chatting about nothing at all, and when his father and John came back, the three of them engaged in some boring small- alk Sherlock could not really follow.
The first draft of my mind hut consisted of two only rooms at that time. One for academical knowledge, one for people and deductions. I say academical knowledge. I was six when I started building my hut. Academical knowledge included all facts about pirates, that butterflies were caterpillars once, and how rainbows happen.
“She will not be able to come between us, you know?” he says and I cannot help but feel warm inside.
Biggest thanks to my wonderful betas, Katzedecimal, Grizzy, Davina and GoSherlocked. Like my other fics, this one wouldn't be half as good without you.
Before I can worry about it, John is back. Is there more blood on his shirt than before? No idea. But there is a certain satisfaction in his eyes.
A sudden wave of frustration hits me. I have been here for such a long time already and have not made any progress at all. How am I supposed to get better that way? John was right to leave.
“He loves me,” I blurt out, not really understanding why I feel the need to defend our relationship.
“He will leave you in the end, and you know that.” She is whispering now, her voice low and dangerous. She stops the caressing and grips hard instead. (Stopping exactly on the threshold between arousing and painful.) (Can't stand the embarrassment any longer.) My legs give in, but her hold on my back is so strong that my body remains pressed against her. (Physically impossible.)
John laughs. A wonderful sound, even when he laughs at my stupidity. “No, as a baby's name,” he explains, still (oh so gently) caressing my arm with his fingers. (One thing I never anticipated about John. No matter how wild or hard or inept the orgasm has been, afterwards he is the most gentle person in the world. But did he really imply ...)
“It's a shame we're not here on holidays” John sighed, while Sherlock tried to pretend not to secretly enjoy the fantastic take-away ice-cream they had bought at the bar. “You like it here?” he asked, without stopping to watch everything around them simultaneously. “Yes, it's ...”
This time Sherlock instantly knows it is a dream. Baker Street is furnished slightly wrong, the way it is in his mind palace so he can always distinguish vision from reality. His chair's colour is one nuance darker than in reality, the books on the shelf are in alphabetical order, the knife that pins down the letters is an African hunter's knife.
I can feel his hands on my bare chest now. They are not exactly caressing, more … exploring. No, taking back lost territory. Gentle, but firm. I am half hard by the time he reaches the waistband of my trousers. He is so close that I can feel his breathing on my skin.
He remembers the street, the blood and the empty eyes. He remembers the wrist with no pulse. He remembers being taken to hospital. He remembers medication against his will. He remembers Harry, holding him while he was mumbling incoherent sentences. Most of all, he remembers the pain.
Sherlock nodded again. He remembered John beating him up in front of Culverton Smith. How could he ever talk about that?
Inner Mycroft smiles at me. “That was the one deduction you had still to make, right?” Of course he is right. He is Mycroft, even if only his mind palace version.
I am left behind cursing my own stupidity and his anger and the world as a whole and when Mrs Sonderson passes by I tell her about her husband cheating on her with the police officer and wince when that does not make me feel any better.
And then I can finally see him. (Breathing, is he breathing?) In the midst of tragedies he is the only person I can see sharply. He is still strapped to his seat, his head lolling to the left (but not too far, no broken neck!). Blood is dripping onto his forehead, mixing with the dirt on his face (but not too much, no danger from loss of blood). (But is he breathing?) His eyes are closed, and his whole body slack (but not completely, like a corpse). He is unconscious (not dead).
One of the times I wake up again, John is looking at me thoughtfully. "What kind of danger are we talking about?" he asks, instantly continuing, "I mean, will she take me to the cleaner during the divorce? Or will she stab me in the back with our meat knife?"
”Must be a bit after four in the morning,” John answered, ignoring everything that was awkward about their situation. He was perfect.
He laughs, gentle and soft. (The laugh reserved for brilliant deductions.) “Mary knows that I go for a walk when I am too excited to sleep. Perfect cover to give you a call without her listening.” There is no anger in his voice, but he is tired.
Okay, to be true, John does tell him to stop it after the otter incident. With many outrageous swear words that would make even an open-minded sailor blush. But it has the same effect a tiny origami object has in an orang-utan compound (none).
Then one day Mary storms into our cell, clearly angry. Big Boy follows her, which is never a good sign.
Which explains how she could play along so nicely when I faked our relationship (rather amateurishly). “Don't worry, you did quite well,” she tries to reassure me and pads my arm once again. “But next time you try to be convincing, you should really have sex. I always do that.” (Love how John's face tells me not to.) (Good for us that Mary is looking at Janine at that moment.)
“Drunkenness has a similar effect on the biochemical processes of sinistral people as a lobotomy has,” he pretends while taking John's blood just to make the excuse more believable.
“A mild form of Encephalitis,” the young doctor states later, when John's eyes are tired from the artificial light and his stomach is sour from far too much coffee and his mind is numb from worrying. “There can be long-term complications,” Sherlock mumbles instead of being relieved that it is not a brain tumour, and John's patience runs out.
When he finally reaches me I do not know whether to embrace him or to shake his hand or just to nod. He does not give me any hint in that respect.
How can he grin when I am at the edge of panic? He might be a natural talent when it comes to grinning.
Mycroft still watched him closely, and something changed in his expression. “No, you are not,” he said, surprisingly soft. “But that does not mean that you have to remain unhappy for the rest of your life.”
I close my eyes, and allow myself to feel his lips on mine, hot, wanting. There is longing in my body, of course, and with every second of this kiss, I melt a little more. When I open my eyes again, he is looking at me, silently asking for my permission to make me feel the joy he feels. I close my eyes again, and nod.
In March he starts to wear a make-believe half-smile most of the time, and nobody seems to understand that it is nothing more than a mask. In reality he only plays a role, only does mimicry, pretending to be another, younger version of John Hamish Watson, the one who has always soldiered on.
I want to think about it. I want to access the Internet via John's mobile and do some research. But I can barely type the keywords to start the search. My hands are shaking and I always get distracted by one thought or the other.
Sherlock was only partially aware that he was screaming. John was dead. A knowledge so cruel and painful that he could barely process it. His cheeks felt wet but he did not care. John was dead. His absence turned the world into an empty space, the cold chilling Sherlock right to the bones. He would never be warm again in a world without John.
The longer he stays, the more people greet him when we go out for breakfast. I can tell that his radius increases over time. First, he is greeted by the people living in Wittdün, but after some weeks inhabitants from all over Amrum welcome him.
So peaceful, was the first thought that crossed his mind. It seemed like someone had washed the hair, arranged the curls to frame the face, cleaned the face, closed the eyes. Covered the naked body with a white blanket. So peaceful. John´s mind was almost empty now, and he had no idea how long he simply stared at the... the body. Because that was what he should consider it to be, he told himself. A body. No matter what. A body.
I don't know for how long I have been sitting on that bench before I feel strong enough to raise a cab to take me home.
But John would not allow that. The moment Sherlock moved back John's arms were around him suddenly, pulling him closer, turning that chaste first kiss into something wilder, something coming from the very depth of John's soul, taking Sherlock's breath away and causing him to sway.
“John” he says, not really eloquently. He remains standing in the door, staring at John, wondering if there is some alternate universe in which he knows how to go on from here.
“It has just become more interesting again,” he quips, “you finally said something new.” Our eyes meet (also been a while) and he sobers. “So,” he goes on, “my wife tried to kill you, yes?”
Janine also knows (but won't mention it to Mary. Many little hints in her behaviour tell me that somehow, some time ago Mary got the wrong side of Janine. Interesting. Need to investigate further.)
I can still see in his face that after all those months, after so many revelations, he is still gratefully surprised that I love Rosie that much.
(I shouldn't, should I? Those hands, desperately clinging to my arm, slipping away, dying, the body not able to function without the heart, I shouldn't have called him),
The problem is that nothing seems to be wrong on the surface. John makes tea for two in the morning, makes sure that Sherlock eats enough, buys all the boring stuff Sherlock cannot be bothered with like toilet paper, tissues and food, lets Sherlock rest his head on John's tummy when they watch TV and pets Sherlock's curls regularly. And yet, something is tremendously wrong. There is a distance between them Sherlock cannot explain.
John felt his control of the game slip through his fingers when Moran's revelation hit him by surprise. He needed to regain it at all cost. His mind was racing. What would he bring up for the last two fingers? What else might Sherlock be hiding from him? And he couldn't allow Moran to find out he was thinking about it. He needed to appear reacting, not acting. What had Moran's last question been?
He feels like a hostage of his own life. How can a simple trip to Edinburgh be both heaven and hell at the same time?
“Remember, I'm only your trainee who is here to take photos of the excruciating crime scene, so you have to approach the Commissario first. And the longer you can keep him talking, the more time I'll have to do the real investigation,” Sherlock whispered into his ear as they approached the man. As if they hadn't talked about it twice already. He went past Sherlock to introduce them without bothering to answer that.
He drinks the second whiskey rather fast to make these thoughts go away and realises that Sherlock is still absolutely not used to drinking. His eyes are glassy and he is swaying a bit, even though they are sitting. He will have one hell of a hangover tomorrow, John is sure of that. It would be unfair if Sherlock were the only one suffering, so John glugs the third drink which is not healthy but appropriate to honour their renewed friend-, partner- or whatevership.
Inside it, I can see us in the mirror. Two men, greedily clinging together, both aroused so badly that it hurts. When the door open we stumble towards the door of our room. I fight with finding the swipe card inside my pockets and then I fight with using it to open the door.
“I ...” Sherlock seemed to ponder several answers before he went on: “... need to deduce something.” John glanced at the screen as well. He saw himself, tied to that dreadful chair, his face a mess, swollen and pale and sweaty and bruised. And he saw Sebastian Moran, tall and handsome, but his face equally pale and sweaty.
The rain was so soft that puddles were only just forming. Sherlock tried to stomp through them in an impressive way but that only caused little ripples.
Before I can think of it any further, Mycroft takes Mary's arm, “Mrs Watson, it was quite obvious that you harbour certain … feelings for the late Jim Moriarty. Why don't we sit down in a quiet corner and you tell me everything you know about him that I have not figured out yet.”
Tonight's nightmare finds me standing on a well-kept (very English) lawn. The sky above me is blue, the sun shining, birds singing in the trees, the temperature just right. A perfect day. In front of me a tomb stone. I know that I should not look at it, should rather walk away, for as long as do not look at it is not real. But I look, and I read (“John H. Watson” it says, and below “GraceNotEmilia Watson”), and for a moment I forget that it is a dream.
But it was different now, I have to remind myself. I am alone in bed, and hurt, and worn out, but loved.
“Do you want to see him?” she asked then, so softly that John barely heard her. He nodded in silence and left the sanctuary of the hospital room for good.
"Really Sherlock, it's all right. You have been in a coma for almost three weeks. Take it easy. I'm here. You are safe."
When I wake up again, it is dawning outside. John has moved away from me as far as possible and is watching me concernedly. “Good morning,” he whispers, “are you all right?”
Sometimes he feels like he is condemned to live like this forever, feeling cold and homeless. “A case, I need a case,” he thinks. A good, solid, ordinary case. In London. With John by his side. He does not need a case. He needs his old life.
There is a cramp inside my throat. I want to talk to him, I want to tell him that everything will be all right and that I have him, but all of a sudden I cannot find the words. Instead, there is a horrible scream, coming from somewhere nearby. Sounds like a wounded animal. We are alone in the garden, so I guess it must be me.
John is not all right. Somehow, I have always assumed that he would heal faster than me. That he would be only waiting for me to be all right again.
Funnily, John mirrors his moves, apparently with the intention of blocking Sherlock from the explosion. Idiot! Before they can reach each other, a deafening thunder rolls over them and pushes them to the ground.
I am so hard now that I wonder if I will come instantly the next time he touches me anywhere. “Don't you dare” he murmurs and starts sucking my throat. Would leave incredible love bites in reality. Am I still breathing? No idea.
I follow John and Magnussen. Slowly. No vaults. No alternative. That's what you get from feeling perfectly happy for a while.
Outside. It leads into the garden of our house there. From the garden, you can see the ocean and the beach, smell the salt water and hear the sea gulls.
The sponge is forgotten now, slowly spinning in the swirl above the drain. Our tears are mixing. We are hiccuping in sync.
It takes him about five minutes to find out. He would have realised it quicker had the person in question been a woman. But it is the first time he feels attracted to a man and thus needs a moment or two to identify the feeling.
Breathe, he told himself, breathing as steady as possible. God, it hurt. When the world around him stopped swirling, he looked at Moran again. “Sounds like you should break his fingers instead of mine.” Moran froze. Then he pressed his index finger on John's broken little finger. Damn.
After a while, he realised that there was another sound mixing into the city's background music. Voices, one of them his own. Sleepily he went down the stairs and found Sherlock still sitting in the living room, John's notebook on his lap. He was frowning and so lost in thought that he didn't hear John approaching him.
The drink tastes sweet and rich. I need a while before I can look at Inner Mycroft again. “I miss you,” I say then, watching the low waves instead of him. There is so much more I should possibly say but nothing else is equally important.
Plus it always make John holding Sherlock tight, but it feels too tight. Because it is basically the only time now when Sherlock feels really close to John. And no matter how intensely his testicles might beg to differ, Sherlock does not want to be the object of John's pity.
At first it is glorious. There is a clash of options on where to strike first. Sherlock catches one member of the network after another at breathtaking speed, right in front of the CID officers or whatever they are called in all those God forsaken countries. He, shows courage and superior intelligence. He feels brilliant, like a champion, like nothing can stop him. He never stays long enough to watch them being brought to the holding cell, never follows their trials at court.
He entered his mind palace, swiftly walking into the room he created for John only. Funny room, that. He had intended it to be a nice version of the room where they had inspected the body of Jennifer Wilson. But every time Sherlock let his concentration slip, it changed into his old nursery at his parents' house.
No, the truly scary thing was that John saw Mary noticing it, and that there was a pleased look on her face, just for a second.
I long to touch him but he is still out of my reach. So instead, I touch myself. We both get incredibly aroused by that.
My eyes wander, stopping at the small window on the other side of the room. It is still light outside. But cold. It had already been cold when we went outside. “It is cold outside,” I tell John. Realise how erratic my thoughts must appear to him.
How I collapsed when they took his body away. How Daddy and John had to carry me inside the bathroom to take a shower after thirty-eight minutes. How scared John was for my sanity.
13. He is strangely forgiving when drugged for research. Refrain from doing so anyway, your chemical knowledge is insufficient.
His eyes flicker, then open (unfocused. Concussion?) He tries to focus on me and somehow that sends a piercing pain down my chest. His lips move (“Sherlock.”) but he makes no sound.
My parents pretend not to be surprised and Daddy thoughtfully keeps Emmi out of the way. No need to get her prematurely excited about seeing her father. Getting John upstairs isn't easy but in the end we reach Mycroft's old room.
He muses about how often he has called Sherlock “my best friend” here. Exactly as often as he should have called him “my love” but has not, he thinks.
When the young receptionist who was obviously still dealing with the aftermath of childhood abuse and a violent fiancé told them that someone had left a flash drive for them, it had come as no surprise. Mycroft watched rather patiently while Sherlock reduced her to tears for not being able to tell them who left it, knowing there was no stopping him anyway, before he steered his little brother back into his room and started the wave file.
He wants to say more but does not. Just like me. But we stay like this, basically holding hands, for another thirty-six minutes before a shower of rain drives us home.
“Like just … “ (I need to summon some more courage before boldly going on,) “... loving me again. And Emmi.” When he frowns and opens his mouth, I quickly continue, “Or just stop un-loving us. Time will pass, and you will see that Mary told us nothing but lies. You will love me again and nothing bad will happen to me. I promise!”
He manages to remain patient without lamenting the loss of his mobile after Sherlock drowned it in lacquer to solve a case. He manages to be understanding when he finds ear lobes in his favourite mug.
John drinks it. He knows something is wrong after the first gulp, but it's too late. I can see that he feels dizzy. He stands up but sways, has to reach for the edge of the table. He breathes, fast and desperate, but getting air inside his lungs is not the problem. His body is already reacting, his cells unable to use the oxygen any longer. His legs give in, he falls to the ground, his lips blue. His hands cling to the collar of his shirt, irrationally trying to widen it to get air. He panics, his legs kicking frantically at nothing. Then his movements slow down, until a seizure shakes his body. I can tell from his eyes that he is dead before his body stills.
There are many reasons for that, Sherlock's mind offers. It could be the aftermath of a night full of all-consuming passion (unlikely, for John is in very good physical shape), his allergy against (mostly American) apples (did he eat one when he was at the Yard on his own? Unlikely), too much alcohol (but they only had one glass of whisky each last night) …
We take the lower walkway because it brings us closer to the sands where the birds are resting. There are sea birds coming back from their winter quarters already, and now that Emmi's eyes are able to follow flying birds, she loves nothing more than to watch them all day.
Then, Mycroft paid an unexpected visit. John was not sure if he could stand talking to him in his current weak state but to his surprise, Mycroft made a pleasant company. Mostly because he refused to beat around the bush.
He never manages to finish that sentence, but he does not have to, anyway. He looks at me, the painful expression burning itself into my brain. (Will be un-deletable, even if I would try.) “I made a vow,” I remind him (don't think my own voice has ever sounded that soft before). “Even if Mary is excluded now, the vow does still apply to you and your child. I will think of a way out, I promise.”
There is rain and wind and sand blowing into my face and the smell of salt and seaweed in my nose and the taste of hot chocolate in my mouth. The perfect stage for facing some of the demons still locked away inside my mind.
Then John enters and her demeanour changes ever so subtle. Becomes possessive. Kisses John. Touches her baby belly. Places her hand on his arm and thereby pushing him away from me. (Only 1.4 inches, but still.) Stands between us.
He could sense motion, and touch, somebody squeezing his hand, and then there was some noise. A voice washing over him, warm and gentle and protecting. John.
Now that Sherlock was convinced, the gravity of it all fell onto John like a bag full of bricks. Mary had shot Sherlock. She had willingly harmed him, and badly, almost causing his death. And then she had been holding vigil at Sherlock's bed by John's side, pretending to care for Sherlock, pretending to hope he'd recover. Had she been hoping he would die so he would take her secret with him into his grave?
It is a little miracle, each and every time we are having sex, that I am able to survive the crossfire of feelings and sound and smell and emotion.
Mummy and Dad don't come to visit me. They think I am heroically working undercover, extensively protected by my big brother.
She presses her face against my throat (is it a hug? She has learnt to hug!) and for a few seconds, my world is perfect. She smells like baby and starts telling me interesting stuff about her journey. "Awawawawa," she says seriously (another achievement).
The quote on category A prisoners is taken from here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prisoner_security_categories_in_the_United_Kingdom
“You thought I allowed you to die. You … It is not fair, Sherlock. I'm not fair, I know, but you … You gave up and you were willing to die right in front of me. Again. I can't ...” He is choking on his words.
Moran's voice now became cold and vicious. “He drugged you. On purpose.” He moved away from John's head, towards his side, and stood next to the outstretched hand, carelessly playing with the hammer. “With a drug he knew would cause sheer terror.” His voice grew louder now, his face displayed his anger. John knew exactly what would happen next, but forced himself not to look away. His whole body tensed in anticipation, and he felt sweat dripping down his face. The pain would be inevitable now.
I stomp my heel on the ground, hoping that the noise is loud enough for him to hear. (I would hate to bang my head again but am willing to do so if necessary.) His head snaps up. Good.
The biggest thanks to my new fantastic betas katzedecimal and Grizi, and my ongoing love to GoSherlocked.
“Sherlock,” John tried to be noticed, but failed. His friend seemed to be completely out of reach now, still moving through the hotel room like a mad bouncy ball, talking to himself in sheer desperation. The pile on the table grew and grew. “Sherlock,” John tried again, only to be ignored again.
When he steps back to look at me, there are so many things to say crossing his mind. I can deduce most of them. It does not matter at all that none of them make it out of his mouth.
I hear him approach me (carefully). “Sherlock,” he says. Nothing more. Not necessary. I can hear his unspoken questions, his concern.
One the one hand it surely is because Baker Street is home, no matter how hard John had tried to deny that at length during the last two years. On the other hand, it is because Sherlock really meant what he had written to Mary in point 1 of The List. The one Mary thought to be a distasteful joke, “John prefers rooms warm. Make sure the indoor temperature is always around 21°. He will not complain when too cold, so keep an eye on the thermostat.”
His words were hanging between them for a while. They had never talked about it before, not like this. It was more than overdue.
Sherlock dives for John, pushing him out of the way. They both end up safely on the floor. John assumes that Sherlock has calculated the whole motion through, that he has known exactly how hard and when exactly he had to push him to get them both out of harm's way.
(Will simply not think about how it will go on now between us. If we can be more than friends now. How a child would fit in.)
Finally, a woman (doctor, will cheat on her husband tonight, loves her job) comes into the waiting room. John, who has been calm and grinning all the time, jumps up so fast he nearly knocks over his chair.
No, not like I miss them. Mycroft is gone for good but John and Emmi are not. They need help, just like me and as far as I see it, I am the only one who can give them that help. So my course is set. I need to get over what Mary did to me. I need to deduce again, and I need to speak. Once that is done, I can fix John.
Then he tells me how he still believes that Mycroft will come up with some clever trick, how he will not believe that I will end up in prison for good, how he loves me and how everything will be all right in the end.
There was something in Moran's face he hadn't seen there before. The tall man placed something on a nearby table and approached him quickly. “You sure took your time to wake up, John,” he tutted, pulling the empty chair closer. Was he in some kind of a hurry? That could only mean that Sherlock was on his heels. Finally.
(the hands holding on longer than the rest of the body, still grabbing the jacket when the legs already gave in, why do people do that? Wish I could ask John, he would know, he always knows, but he´s not here, wish he were)
You are the one responsible for mending John now. I doubt that you know how, so I've made you a list of things you should keep in mind while dealing with him.
As if reading his mind, John smiled a little, then sobered and looked at his right hand that was carefully placed on his belly.
This time John wasted no time looking around at the hotel suite Mycroft had arranged for them. “What is wrong?” he asked instead, facing Sherlock who pretended to be busy taking off his shoes. How did he manage to look elegant in situations like this? “I don't know what you mean,” Sherlock tried, and that really made John explode.
Does he believe me? Of course not. Looks at me like only he can, seeing through my demeanour, right into my soul (given that I owe one). He smiles (honestly) and shakes his head. “I don't buy that, Sherlock.” he simply says, as if deciphering me would be an easy thing to do. When I fail to respond immediately, he continues with a smile: “We did dance together, remember? Call me naïve, but I am very sure that you love dancing a lot.”
The scene rewinds again, up to the moment when the gun is fired. This time he drops to his knees with a soft cry, more surprised than in pain. He falls forward, but breaks the fall with his hands. He knows he is shot, and he knows he needs help. He tries to get up again. I watch Mary coming closer, a predator waiting for her prey to die. She kicks his arms away, and he falls to the ground once more. “Mary,“ he starts, reaching out for her. She just smiles and watches him. He knows he needs help, and starts trying to get his mobile out of his trouser pocket. But his hand does not work properly any longer. He fumbles, helplessly, and she ...
Thank God John was not. ”The ketamine used to induce your coma is still running through your system,” he explained gently. ”Hallucinations or vivid nightmares like that can go on for another two or three weeks.”
It is hard not to give up hope. Really hard. In my mind palace, I sit down in my chair and stare at his (as much as you can stare when tears are blurring your vision). I can feel his pain, worse than my own. I love him. He tries not to love me and fails. And with Mary's horrific plan B playing out, his ongoing love for me is destroying him.
“Wait,” Sherlock's next text reads. Then nothing. In his mind, John can see Sherlock frantically looking for a cab. He smiles, and starts searching the flat for a post-it and a pen.
The flight attendants do their best to appear calm but it is obvious (to me) that they don't have any idea what is going on. I get one of them (“Mrs. A. McDonelly”, hair dyed brown because it turned prematurely grey, two dogs, two lovers, one male one female, studying pharmacy in her free-time, unaware that she is pregnant) to come to us.
(which translates into “Are you still angry?” in normal people's language, normal people would talk about it, we aren't normal people but it needs to be discussed can't risk losing John now. he wanted cappuccino yesterday but didn't get it, will notice the gesture of good will)
(fighting to keep his eyes open, losing focus again and again, should get rest, need to tell him, don't want him to close eyes just yet, selfish, he's alive, his left hand clinging to my shirt, fist clenched, holding on)
When they turn their attention back to John, I close my eyes for a second – and open them again almost instantly. I am tired, worn out, and surely on sensory overload. But closing my eyes means allowing memories (the moans of the dying) to come creeping in (a baby screaming), and I am not ready for that (the smell). Not yet.
(guard up, he could never stand my sarcasm, always hurt by it, can't risk more with two guns pointed at me and John in his power)
“This place is why I came here,” I tell John when I embrace him while he is standing in front of me, leaning against my chest with his back, and his shoulders finally relaxing again. “For many years this has been my safe haven inside my mind palace. I couldn't access it after the cellar, so I needed to come here.”
(Facts calm me down. Like this one: Holloway Prison is located at Parkhurst Road. Opened in 1852, mixed prison. All female since about 1902. Completely rebuilt from 1971 to 1985. Capacity of 501.)
But they do not see Sherlock looking at John's wonderful face on that lookout, illuminated only by lunar light, and they can not know how Sherlock's heart swells at the sight.
The second visitor, surprisingly, is Harry. Sherlock gracefully ignores the fact that her brother's near death has caused a short but severe setback. He keeps in mind his own wise words about dealing with her (19 Get along with Harry, but do not become her best friend. John will prefer it if you and Harry are relaxed in each other's company, but he will also need you to complain to whenever she drinks again. For more detailed instructions on how to get along with Harry but just barely so, see attachment 2.) and acts accordingly.
It feels like his body is melting against mine, boneless, creating a vacuum between our skins by moving so close that there is no place left between us, not even for the smallest atom. He sighs deeply.
4. You can tell he will have a nightmare by the way he sits in his chair prior to going to bed. See pictures in attachment 1. Waking him when next to him can be dangerous (ex-soldier). Playing an instrument in another room shortly after the nightmare starts is a well-proven method. If you do not play an instrument, learn how to do so. Soon.
We both sit on the floor now. Maddie coos at her blue cow. I never figured out why it is blue or why she loves it that much. Probably because of the annoying moo.
After another while, Sherlock's wailing turned into soft sobs. John kept on murmuring reassuring words into his ear, still rocking him.
The second thing I notice is that my sense of balance is off. I am strapped to my seat, yet it feels like I am lying flat on the ground. (Could indicate head injury. I remember pain. Did I hit my head?)
Relieved, I decide to go to bed. So many nights with nightmares have left me more tired that I care to admit. The second I lie down, I realize that Mary's smell is on the pillows and the duvet and the sheets. Wish it was John's smell. I could lie for hours and just smell John. Did that when he was living here again, before moving back to her.
“I'll do it now” he announces (needlessly) but takes a second to search my face. I nod, unable to speak right now. No idea how he manages to remain coherent right now.
“Tell me how we know that the murderer has not been in here.” Now Pezzutto came closer. “Er... sorry, but of course the murderer has been in here. Can't you see all the hints?” They both stared at him for a moment.
It is a good sign, I try to tell myself. It shows that John's mind is trying to come to terms with what happened to us. Yet, they are shaking me to the core.
For a while he just lay like that, listening for signs of Moran's presence. When he couldn't make out any, he continued to lie still anyway, trying to get some rest. Even opening his eyes seemed to require an unreasonable amount of strength. The checking of his stubble came almost automatically. Must be four days now. Sherlock, where are you?
She no longer tries to flirt with me afterwards but Emmi is still allowed to learn how to pet dogs without pulling their hair.
Now John had finally been sent home again, with heavy instructions concerning his hand and his general welfare, and was happy simply lying in his own bed, listening to the familiar noise from outside.
My feeling of triumph is soon swept away by the pressing need to breathe. Two minutes are over and my head is still under water. I surely can go on longer. Longer. Longer.
And yet, four years after being introduced to John, six months after writing that email, four months after John had declared his love for Sherlock on a post-it, there is still nothing better Sherlock can do to keep the nightmares at bay than playing the violin shortly before the dream starts. In his dark moments that makes him wonder if their liaison is any good for John at all.
Shortly after the funeral he had moved out of 221b, declaring it to be too painful to stay, in reality only trying to avoid being under constant surveillance. It had taken Mycroft two days to completely bug John's transition flat, and so, after another two weeks, he had moved back in, pleasing Mrs Hudson beyond words, continuing to be bored, but being able to sleep in his own bed again.
I spend days not knowing what I am doing, only realizing that somehow, between waking up and falling asleep, I have somehow moved, at least from one room to another.
Only seconds pass, and the answer comes in, “Hampton Crescent, Gravesend, hunting criminals. Where are you?”
“Your eyes are looking lovely,” Sherlock whispers, the most important thing to say on his mind right now. John freezes, then talks again. Soothing stream of warm timbre. Liquefied words, bathing him in security, like sunlight in the afternoon. John is his home. Sherlock reaches out for him, catching him by his arm, clings to it with force.
He had had no idea how to tell Mrs. Hudson, but it turned out to be unnecessary to say something anyway. She opened the door, looked at John, and her face fell almost instantly. Later he was holding her, comforting her, only that there was no comfort, letting her cry until her voice was harsh and her eyes fell dry.
He looks a bit more impressive in real life than on TV. There is intelligence in his eyes that make his otherwise ordinary face stand out if you watch closely. He appears to be careless in a way, even playful. Maybe it is his age.
But why did he think so low of himself? Curiously, Sherlock went on to navigate blindly through this talk, “Apparently you are not. You are a wonderful father and a loving husband.” Something was happening in John's face, but Sherlock couldn't identify it. So instead he continued, “You are the best best friend anyone could have and ...
“What treatment do you suggest?” he asked after a while, trying hard to sound unperturbed, and failing.
When it gets colder outside, John feels more miserable than ever before. He misses Sherlock like crazy. He can no longer count how often his heart has stopped because he has mistaken someone with a dark coat and a scarf for -
Yes, he was. That knowledge warmed Sherlock again. He lay down on the bed, allowed John to cover him with the horrible hospital blanket, and slowly drifted into a dreamless sleep. John would be there when he'd wake up, very much alive. There was absolutely no need to worry about that.
John also occasionally thought back to this strange night about five months ago, after their return from Dartmoor. He had gone to bed early, and strangely, so had Sherlock. Eventually, about an hour after falling asleep, he had been woken by a noise coming from Sherlock's bedroom. A muffled scream of a kind John knew only too well. A nightmare. This happened only seldomly, but every time it did John shuddered when he thought about what kind of nightmares such a brilliant mind as Sherlock's must be capable of producing.
Sherlock opened his mouth but John spoke up again before he could say something, “And yes, we can still have make-up sex anyway!”
“That's nice for you,” I say, “Have you been such a good girl that Mike and Stella let you have something sweet?”
Around me, the wind is getting cooler. Summer has turned into autumn. Gigantic flocks of birds arrive and leave. Tourists leave as well. The miniature world I have chosen to live in slows down. So do I.
I must have lost several minutes of the report that way, for the news presenter has already moved on to talking about why it is so important to find the flight recorder. Again, you can see Dan Miller in the background, looking at the debris in a very concentrated way. I have never paid much attention to plane crashes so I do not know what the debris can tell him but I recognise a man deducing when I see one.
He had a plan, though, and if it worked out the way he thought, if Moran had felt the way John  imagined ... First, he needed to find that out. The rest would follow nearly automatically, especially because Moran was sure now that John had abandoned the idea of being an important part of Sherlock's life.
They both fell silent again afterwards, and for the first time since he had woken up, Sherlock felt free to let his mind wander for a while. He thought about the many times he had honestly been fond of Mary. She had fooled him thoroughly.
I start to pretend reading the forensic magazine I downloaded on my mobile while secretly reading my way through a parents' forum (Rosie has done her best to fulfil all clichés about the “terrible twos” and does not seem to stop now that she has turned three.) John pretends not to notice what I am doing. The people around us settle into their seats and turn their attention to whatever it is they brought along in their hand baggage.
I need two days to fully observe and catalogue everything she has learnt during our separation (sitting, crawling with her belly rubbing on the floor, eating pulp, biting).
“I don't know what Mary will be capable of doing, I never researched her past.” Have to admit that. Seemed a bit good back then when I decided to. Like something John would want. Would have done everything to be forgiven after my return. Even something stupid like not investigating her. I point at his left trouser pocket, “Call Mycroft.”
And then, one night she gets into a discussion with Daddy concerning the first settlers on Amrum. They (correctly) agree that there are Neolithic traces to be found. Unfortunately, their knowledge of the finer sub-categorisation is limited at best. It is understandable that Daddy claims the pottery belonging to the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B (though he does not know this term. He keeps calling it Neolithic before pottery) while Mummy resolutely (and wrongly) insists of them to be from Pottery Neolithic B.
"It's all right, John," I try to soothe him. But he is the real John again. He knows I am lying. He knows that part of my mind is still everything but all right.
“Of course. Sherlock, we are going to raise that child together. Of course we will find its name together.” I am sure there are words for all these hot feelings that are filling my chest right now, but I cannot find a single one that would fit.
Then the film comes back into focus, and Sherlock's heart clenches so hard that for a second he is honestly wondering if he is suffering from cardiac arrest. John is not looking at her happily, or admiring. Instead, he is broken. So broken he does not even look hurt or lost. Dead.
When John wakes up, he is shaking with cold. Clearly in pain but trying to keep his composure. I follow his example but soon I realise that he sees through my façade.
“Have you forgiven yourself?” he wants to know. No, he does not want to know. He knows. He wants me to say it loud.
There is no graceful way to take off someone's socks, so lets skip that part.   When I am completely naked, John's hands are suddenly gone. I open my eyes and find him staring at me (in awe).
No, both were wonderful smells but the smell in my nose is the present. It talks about fresh fruits and children's bath applications and chocolate and hair dye. It makes me long to be there right now, with my family, with nothing to do but read children books and build wooden rail road tracks and have tea with Mrs. Doll.
he didn't turn around to greet him: “Sebastian, how nice that you could find some time for me. I thought you were thoroughly busy tormenting Dr. Watson.”
“It looks a lot more impressive from the inside,” Sherlock had prompted the unspoken thought as they trailed around the building in one complete circle. “How did you...” John bit his tongue almost instantly, but it was too late. “Oh, a clever observation of your eye movement and the way your shoulders slumped slightly. Easy.” It looked even more ragged from behind, with parts of the back wall crumbling away and grass growing on the spurs. “Don't worry. Like I've pointed out already, the inside is more impressive than this. Just like that telephone thing in the TV show you forced me to watch.”
One of his minions takes over, handcuffs her. She's seething with anger, hatred emanating from her so thickly you can almost touch it. Mycroft remains unimpressed. “I have heard that there are some nasty charges against you in Liberia.” He smiles, “Not the most eager advocate for human rights, that little country, but they really know how to handle prisoners.”
On Christmas Eve Daddy explains to Emmi (who is way too young to understand most of what he says) that she has to sleep now so there will be presents underneath the tree tomorrow. Mummy (who always had the most practical approach to Christmas when I was young) explains to her that usually Father Christmas brings her presents but as we are in Germany the Christkind will take care of them this year.
He clenched his hands, ready to fight, but started one more attempt to talk to the woman he used to love, ”Maybe we can -”
The doctor gives us a half-hearted smile. “Your wife and daughter are both all right, Dr. Watson,” she says (and wilfully ignores us holding hands). “The mid-wife will bring the baby to you as soon as she is cleaned.”
I finally accept that it is time to receive my rightful punishment. I walk back home, ready to find my parents dead. (Surely with lots of clues for how slow and painful their deaths were. It will destroy me.) My rightful punishment for speaking.
He feels his body walking towards John's bed. His hand places itself on the part of the blanket that covers John's belly. He watches John reaching out for the hand but missing it by several centimetres. “Only a little problem,” the doctor said. Sherlock briefly wonders if it is April Fool's day already or if the doctor had lied to comfort him.
We drink the coffee, John goes to the bathroom, and then we continue to wait for another forty-six minutes.
Well, as completely as you can as a family father with a healthy sex life and a toddler that somehow learnt how to walk overnight and parents that demand your attention. Which means that it takes quite a lot of time to find out who is resting there. But that is fine, really, because what is slowing me down is enriching my life enormously.
“Everything all right?” he asks (still holding my hand. Painfully so. Might get bruises tomorrow. Still feels wonderful).
Instead I let him continue talking. “Mickey was such a content child when it was feeding time. A bottle of milk, a burp cloth, that was all we needed. But feeding you has always been some kind of challenge,” he says, and I have to laugh a little.
“As I am the one who broke him, it should be me attempting to do the mending, but he has made his decision on that topic clear. You are not perfect for the job, but then, neither am I. You will be unable to give him what he needs concerning points 3, 4, 8 and most likely 18. Do not be alarmed, I have failed at points 5, 9, 13 and 19 on a regular basis and his feelings for me have never changed. It is only point 11 that will be unforgiven.”
But there is no time to think about it, because the midwife (twenty-eight, still touched by the wonders of birth, drummer in a punk band) comes out, in her arm a little (innocent, helpless, fragile) bundle.
Suddenly I feel sick. Not really like I need to vomit, more like being on a slowly rolling boat. I close my eyes and nod. “All right,” I say. I feel his thumb stroking my right hand softly.
“We survived,” I repeat, returning the pressure to his hand, taking in the heat he is radiating, drowning in his wonderfully focused eyes. My whole body gives in all of a sudden, and I have to lean against him. Our foreheads touch, a soft reminder of the moment we became a couple. I allow myself to close my eyes for a moment, ignore the world, and only feel John's skin touch mine.
"And yet, I am well experienced. Which only shows how old you are, Mr. Holmes", the doctor answered without batting an eye. Then he stretched out his hand. "Dr. Benjamin Davies, I'll be your attending physician for the next weeks."
“Plane crash at Leeds kills 64 of 171 people aboard,” the serious anchorman tells me, and I immediately lose track of what is going on on screen. 64 victims. That means only little more than one third of us. This number is much lower than I thought. (And my mind jumps back to the plane wreck where my brain tuned out most of what was going on around me. I force myself back into the present.)
“That's ridiculous,” Sherlock snorted. “You are the one who almost got killed today! I should take care for you, not the other way round.”
John watched Sherlock slip back into sleep. He dutifully put the oxygen mask back on Sherlock's face before he settled back into the too familiar chair next to his bed. The adrenalin that had been rushing through his body ever since the phone had rung at three in the morning was now subsiding. He felt dead tired and incredibly old.
John stumbles over the email accidentally. He is looking for Mary's copy of Harry Potter. Harriet asked for it some days ago, and as his fiancée keeps forgetting it, he decides to bring it along when visiting his sister tomorrow.
But of course I did. Threw another WRONG in his way. To get some time with him alone, and to see how much WRONG from me he can stand. I wish I could find the words to explain. “I've missed you,” I whisper into his waist instead.
On my way upstairs I look at the ones I had put on the wall there. A series of five, the ones that followed the cathedral window. All with “Sorry” on their back. Their fronts showing his slow descent from depression to indifference.
Thanks for the prompt. “He didn't,” John said quietly, with an absent voice, as if not aiming at pulling the rug out from under Moran. “What?” Now John looked up at Moran, holding his gaze steadily, only for a few seconds. “He told me all about his plan after we returned from Dartmoor. The night the camera in my room was broken.” That brought him a sharp look from his captor. So Sherlock had been right, at least one of the unidentified cameras belonged to Moran.
“I will have to sort it out with Mary,” John then goes on. “And I might need Mycroft's help when it comes to the …
The (little) space between us is filled with possibilities all of a sudden. If this were a romantic film we would surely kiss each other any second.
“Did he hurt you as well?” I know the answer already, but somehow it feels right to ask. The politeness John emanates seems to be rubbing off on me.
Sherlock's head snaps around involuntarily, and all he can do is stare at John. Now his deduction skills slowly come online again. John is wet from the rain that started falling three hours and thirty-eight minutes ago, and cold because he only took his light jacket, Sherlock's olfactory sense tells him that there are olives and oregano omelettes in the take-away bag, and the dirt on John's shoes tell him all about his odyssee through at least four districts, and John is … sorry? Sherlock frowns. Why is he not angry?
No doubt Sherlock's ghost is bored already. The dreams would be something new at least. John briefly wonders if there is a heaven for consulting detectives, filled with gruesome serial killers who are really good at not making mistakes too soon.
My parents are perfect, loving and sweet as always, and Mary is clearly affected by them and the Christmas spirit, just like she is supposed to be. John prepares to deliver his little speech, and we still find time for some secret (elevating) snogging in my old room.
He feels like all this is not fair, and really, really wishes it was not chiefly his own fault. He tries to blame it all on Sherlock, for a while. If he had only told John he was not dead but just on some weird kind of hiatus. If he had only told John about his feelings without hesitation before he faked his death. If he had only ... But for the better part of the night John is painfully aware that he caused most of the emotional havoc all by himself.
And what? Grab a glass of wine? Drink it while standing in front of him? John has not touched his. Sit down then. But where? Next to him? How close is too close? How far away is too far away?
“What will happen next?” he asked, and when he felt John's body tense up, he moved even closer. He tried to tell himself that he wanted to comfort John with this gesture, and not himself.
When I wake up, my legs are feeling sore and my pillow is wet. I am so exhausted that I can barely raise my head. But I have to. Because there is someone present, standing next to my bed. When I manage to open my eyes, I see John.
Because no, she wouldn't stab him in the back. I don't know anything about her past, but her demeanour at Magnusson's office made it clear that she was trained in what she was doing. No trained assassin would risk facing John Watson in close combat. (Some did so in the past. Not all of them got the opportunity to regret it.)
Mycroft meets John every once in a while now. He never gives Sherlock details about their talks. Instead, he sends photographs, one for each meeting. John looks calm.
When I lift it up I instantly realise that there are several books inside the parcel that only serve to hide the object's true form and weight.
Well, here we go again. This is beginning to be kind of a series of stand-alone stories. They will all be Johnlock, all dedicated to word lists where all words start with the same letter.
That does it. I have had enough of his nonsense. With two wide strides I close the space between us and (rather roughly) pull him into my arms. He makes a choking sound once more but presses himself against me.
And then I finally understand. (How could I have understood earlier? How could I have even guessed that his stupidly big heart is weird enough to love me back?) I must still be staring at him. Want to say something but can't find my voice. Feel my mouth open and close. (Goldfish.) Body is betraying me. (Tears in my eyes? Really? Please!)
And then John understood. “You had to kill someone,” he stated, and felt his stomach clench when Sherlock's silence confirmed his concerns. Damn. He had been afraid that this would happen, eventually. He knew that Sherlock was a very skilled fighter, but somehow, despite all of the dangerous cases he had accepted over the years, had never before been forced to take someone's life. And obviously dealing with that turned out to be very hard.
The detective's face fell when their eyes met. He could surely see the anger boiling inside of John. “So it was her,” John stated, not leaving room for excuses or lies.
(Seb, lying on the floor, dead, gun besides his head, blood, empty eyes, traces of tears? And John sitting on a chair, alive, grinning, grinning!!, no new wounds visible, smug grin, never thought he could actually look that smug, still tied to the chair, how did he ...)
(need to place left arm here in order not to hurt broken ribs more than necessary, right arm here to stabilise body, careful with broken hand, kneel down slowly so John is nearly lying, keep his upper body and head slightly upright to prevent blood pressure from crashing, turn him around a little so I can see his face, support his head with my chest, check pulse, too fast due to shock, need to keep him warm)
It gets a bit medical now. I still don't  understand how to link other works here but most of the medical stuff was inspired by the work of cookieswillcrumble, "Let's Play Murder". Thank you so much for the great work!
“Oh, the accounting book says so,” Sherlock mocked him, voice so friendly it raised John's hair. “Well, apparently Adigi would never fake the balance sheet, right? He surely had better ways to cover the fact that he was a compulsive gambler who had lost nearly all his private money, right?” Still smiling Sherlock produced several papers he must have collected when he had left the room for that few minutes: borrower's notes, bank statements, lottery tickets, tickets for horse racing.
“Dan Miller, leading investigator of the accident, says it is still too early to speculate on the cause of accident. Experts are now searching the crash site for the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder. Once they have been found, a thorough analysis of the accident will begin.”
On Saturday around 5 pm, 221B is strangely reanimated. Sherlock is very proud of himself for insulting neither Harriet nor Molly nor Greg, and Mary has not even realised how much he loathes her very existence. He has not complained about the tedious Rock'n'Roll-or-whatever-it-is-called music everybody insists on listening to the whole time.
“Yes, he has, but he will be fine,” I tell her, not sure if she needs to hear that. (I need to hear that.)
When John comes back three days after Mary's visit, he is still clearly shaken. “You will not die,” he repeats over and over again. We embrace so hard I can barely breathe. For once, I have to cheer up him, and not the other way round. Funny feeling. Not my most prominent strength.
His reactions are (finally) obvious, nothing left hidden. He is surprised by my (overdue) straight-forward approach, has to admit that I am right, is caught between agreeing because I am right and denying because he does not want that to be the truth. After a while, he nods wordlessly.
I was right, nearly two years ago. Babies change everything. Emmi alters our routines, for example. Suddenly there are regular feeding times and naps. I need to eat because she quickly starts to refuse her baby food if I do not eat something as well. (So much like John.)
I don't have to look at her to see the hidden insecurity on her face. She probably thinks that Daddy should have found me. He is far better at handling a broken son.
John stopped reading closely at that point. He skimmed through the rest of the papers. It had gone on like that until he had met her at the hospital.
John smiles a bit smugly, which suits him perfectly, and takes a mouthful himself. When he puts down the glass again he frowns. “What - “ he murmurs. Then he looks at Sherlock. He is more confused than alarmed.
He sighed. Back in the beginning of their friendship, things had been so easy to resolve. A psychosomatic limp, a craving for adventure, those had been things Sherlock could handle. But now he was at a loss.
“But you will learn, John, I know you will.” There is honest love in her voice now. (Wish I could see her face.) “You will learn that loving someone else other than me causes only pain.” She approaches him again, kisses his cheek. “I know you will learn!”
They stood at my door one day without prior notice. My own personal task force. After three weeks of taking care for her on my own. Three weeks of sleep deprivation, of forgotten meals, of thousands of bottles, of thousand of nappies, of a million of dirty burp cloths. They looked around, then shared a glance in silent agreement. Father hushing me into the shower, Mummy taking over Maddie.
This time John found himself lying on the floor, handcuffed and with tied legs, but not tethered. He felt depleted and empty and cold. The adrenaline that had kept him going during the last torturing session was used up completely, replaced by a throbbing pain that seemed to come from every single muscle in his body.
Finally, I quit and go to bed. But the busy buzzing follows me into my nightmare. It is not a spectacularly scary nightmare or a very inventive one. In my nightmare, I am in my mind palace. In a nightmarish version of it, that is. I am unfamiliar with the rooms. The wall paper is too bright, the furniture too colourful, the carpet too flamboyant.
John cannot be replaced in Sherlock's life, especially not by that emotionless wreck he has become. This new version of John looks like his life can be abbreviated “R.I.P.” He looks dead inside.
Yet one thing is clear without complicated deductions: Emmi is craving attention, and so am I. We are the perfect match. My parents take care of her when I am working on the unknown sailors' identities but I cannot bring myself to turn my attention away from her for long.
So I pass the third row again. I cannot tell if the brother is still alive or if the lady managed to open her seat belt because I cannot see them clearly. They are just blurred figures now, barely visible.
Then there is only one present left. The one from my parents for me. They watch me so expectantly that I know it will be something meaningful.
John had found out that Sherlock's love for Italy originated from very fond childhood memories of holidays the family spent there regularly before his father had died. After having revealed all about Sebastian Moran Sherlock was unusually eager to share his feelings and memories with John. Just like his father, Sherlock preferred the ancient Roman history to the Christian history, and so John had got his own private guided tour through ancient Rome.
One day he mooches around a market and comes across a bookstall. On the cover of a magazine he sees Sherlock, the ear-hat covering his curls, an arrogant smile on his lips. He stares at it for what must have been hours, wondering if Sherlock would consider John buying it a mutiny.
Out of the corner of my eyes I see Janine suppressing a giggle. Of course she knew that Yasmin has a crush on John and not on me. And of course she knew I would naturally assume that she had a crush on me. I do my best not to blush with embarrassment.
John is unusually quiet today and keeps cuddling me regularly. The former is a bit disturbing, but the later holds many benefits. It could be a trick to make me talk about sad childhood memories more often. If it is, it is working. I loath John's social competence.
And so Sherlock was lying in his bed, wide awake for hours now, knowing that John had nearly died today while all he had done was stare at the scene, frozen, unable to do anything.
One case brings them to a fantasy convention at Battersea. John tries to prepare Sherlock for what he is about to see, but, as always, he does not listen. When they walk through the entrance hall of the hotel, Sherlock stops dead and surveys the obscure assembly of fairies, orks and dwarfs. The corners of his mouth drop slightly, his disdain clearly visible.
She is dancing around telling us what happened, most likely to make us suffer with uncertainty. It works. The ice cold feeling that started in my stomach spreads through my entire body now. Is that what John felt when Mary told us about Harry?
In the end there are no complications, and Sherlock is discharged from hospital after merely a week. At 221b, Sherlock gives John another wordless embrace. John knows that it means “thank you for caring” and “thank you for being there all the time” and “thank you for getting rid of Mycroft most of the times”. John always knows.
I am extremely relieved we do not have to watch him sing about the penguin going to her wedding by plane. I am not sure I could stand planes today.
It is one of his big worries in life that Rosie after all might have been harmed by her first year. He still regrets giving her away so often after Mary's death, he is scared that he might have damaged the bond between them, scared she might not love him because of that. And it is easy to doubt the love of your child when you are screamed at just for turning off the TV.
I stand up too fast, nearly knock over my empty glass and turn my back to him. Pretend to look out of the window while trying to regain control over my thoughts that are running wild.
“You're welcome” John answered, and after a while he asked curiously: “What for?” This earned him the first “John, really?”-glance in a long time: “For saving your life.”
“I had the plan of the cottage, knew when there was a shortage of body guards … It should have worked.”
Again I spend more and more time sitting on benches or standing at the seaside, watching the waves playing around my (very convenient) wellingtons. Autumn is cold but mostly dry. Even when it is raining I prefer staring at the sea to staring at the torn down evidence wall.
The worst times are when he dreams of Harry, and you can see that for a second he is relieved at it being a nightmare, right before he remembers that Harry is really dead. This always breaks my heart.
John hurried to the bathroom and barely thought about opening the tap to drown his voice before answering the call. “What happened? Are you all right?” he asked without ceremony, wilfully trying to sound not half as panicky as he felt. But when he heard Sherlock´s voice, he instantly knew he had every reason to panic. “John, I... Yes, yes, all right. Just...Hi.”
About one hour later he returned, a sulking Sherlock right behind him. John couldn't help but imagine that Mycroft had dragged his little brother here by the ear.
It is slowly dawning to me that he will not be able to leave the hospital today. Just when I think I need to panic, another nurse comes and pushes us into the room. She places John in front of the X-ray machine and pushes me out of the room.
In the early morning, Sherlock sneaks out of bed silently. It was their first real sexual encounter after John started behaving strangely. Saying Sherlock is in a good mood would be a huge understatement. He has some of the Armenian cuisine left-overs for breakfast and continues analysing some of the alkaloids left, just for fun. He barely looks up when John enters the kitchen some hours later, only scans John quickly to see he is wearing the t-shirt that has the word “amore” written on it. John's favourite. Gift from Sherlock for their one-month anniversary.
And while I am still unsure of what to do now, John takes my hand and wordlessly leads me upstairs. For a moment I think he is about to therapeutically shag me but then he turns towards the bathroom.
"I'll think of something sobering" I promise. But John has other plans. ( That grin. Oh that grin alone sends little shock waves through my body. ) He presses his index finger against my lips and whispers, "Hush, love, not a sound." His other hand has already freed my (fully erect) penis. (No idea how.)
How do you approach a topic like that? I have no idea. So we spend much of our time avoiding the obvious topics. (Something we already learnt to do before the fall.)
It is unthinkable, and yet it is happening right in front of his eyes. Sherlock cannot help but groan when waves of pain move through his entire body. He looks at John and feels guilty for this emotional outbreak, and rightfully so. John's face shows his terror so openly he can barely stand it.
There is barely another time of the year when so many people get depressed. He wishes he were still as cold-hearted as he used to be pre-John. Molly sends him a text, saying “Merry X-mass”.
The area seems to be flooded with helpers, and it turns out that all I have to do to get help is move another five steps away from the crash site. A young paramedic (relieved to be able to take care for someone surviving) helps me to move John into a makeshift tent on a soft nearby hill (How long since the crash is it?). When we lower him onto a stretcher, he fades out and comes to again with a jolt. His unfocused eyes -
But no, he didn't want to indulge that memory. He was angry. Angry with John and angry with himself. But that wasn't the right thing to be, was it? No, being angry with John was what he needed to focus on. Just being angry with John. Because John had been mean.
Jesus, Sherlock, hurry up. Moran's face reappeared in front of him, his eyes darker than before, his expression determined. “And he did not only make you believe you'd seen him die. No, he had to call you.” Another caress of his already burning bruises. “I've listened to that conversation, John.” Sherlock had always suspected that their mobiles had been bugged that morning. “I've heard you trying to talk him out of it.” John felt his heart racing within his chest, not able to calm it down any longer.
I expect her to start wailing any second, but she doesn't. Instead she sighs and snuggles deeper into my arms. When I carefully move my index finger towards her, she snatches it and refuses to let go.
It took John a few seconds to react. When his utter surprise made space for rational thought again, he quickly took Sherlock into his arms. “I'm here,” he soothed him, “I'm here, everything's all right, I'm here!”
After nearly an hour, I have finally passed Sidcup and the houses are slowly replaced by fields and trees. Finally, it feels like my head has enough space to relax a bit.
He looked revolted, tried to move away from her but was held in place by the guard. The look on his face made Mary angry. She grabbed him by the hair, forced his face in front of her, and placed a cruel kiss onto his mouth.
“You would have hurt me far worse than Mary ever could, and you would have hurt Emmi as well. But you didn't. You are here, alive, and I will be damned if I let you get away with that stupid un-loving thing.”
There is so much subtext in that sentence. “Please don't say no”, he says without saying, and “This is important and more than just taking a shower”, and “Trust me”, and “I know what I am doing, I think”, and “Your pain hurts me”, and (of course) “I love you”.
I cannot go on, for John grabs my arms hard and jerks me around. He is angry, very very angry. “Stop that thought right now,” he hisses.
Now it was John's turn to stare in confusion. “What are you talking about?” he asked, not comprehending what Sherlock's question was about.
The point is that John is perfectly happy with Sherlock sitting by his side, just spending time with him.
Would love to take a boastful look at inner Mary now, but inner John's hand wanders into my hair and pulls, strong, steady. It hurts, but brilliantly so. Fixes my head so I am helplessly at his mercy. He assaults my lips forcefully, leaves a harsh stubble burn on my cheeks, leaves my legs wobbly with desire.
John's smile became softer somewhat. “And yet, here we are,” he said and gestured Sherlock to sit down. Sherlock complied. For a second, he saw John in that dirty alleyway again, how it would have happened if John had not been quick enough. The thug's knife would have hit John's carotid artery straight away, the blade being sharp enough to slice through it like butter. John would have collapsed before Sherlock could have reached him. He would have been still alive when Sherlock would have taken him in his arms and dead merely seconds later.
“Baker Street?” Mycroft asks, his voice soft, and he goes on, “Or John? Do you want to be here in case he comes back?”
"Let me go," he tried to say, but felt something heavy inside his mouth that was restricting his tongue. What was it? Panic was rising again. With tremendous effort, Sherlock finally managed to open his eyes.
“The blood filled your chest very quickly, causing a cardiac tamponade that stopped your heart for a while.” Davies paused for a moment.
Sherlock is still occupied with his memories of meeting John and needs some time until he realises which letter John is talking about. The letter John was never supposed to read. (The letter itself said so in its final point 20, “John is not to see this mail. It could result in a profound change of heart and is therefore not in your interest. Learn it by heart. It will be erased from all servers in two hours sharp.”)
John’s musings were cut short when a door opened behind his back. He was already able to tell it was Moran simply by listening to the way he walked. Still, he made his back stiffen with anticipation. For a while, Moran said nothing, just went across the room several times, probably carrying something. “Hello?” John said with a certain uncertainty in his voice, signalling “I don’t have any idea who is doing what behind my back”. It seemed to work, for the steps came to an abrupt stop.
“I always pretended to be annoyed when he disturbed my dates, you know?” John carried on, fighting down a completely unwanted wave of nausea. Yes, this needed to be over soon. Fortunately  it made him look only more wretched. “But in reality I've always hoped he just got into their way to have me completely for himself.” A statement that held a certain, if only small amount of truth. John was convinced that Sherlock had ruined a good deal of his dates to have John for himself, but only because he demanded John's help with catching a criminal, getting rid of Mycroft or fetching his mobile out of his pocket.
Then he comes to again with a little jolt. He stares at me, wide-eyed and uncomprehendingly. His mouth opens and closes again and again.
John could feel the prospect of him staying in Italy dwindling down rapidly. He looked at Sherlock who was deducing whatever from the carpet or the ceiling or something. Or was pretending to deduce something so he wouldn't have to look at John. “I'm fine” John said lamely, knowing that it wouldn't make any difference, for Moran had made his point clear: There was no way John would be safe, no matter what they did.
Mary takes another step away from us. Slowly approaching her coat that seems to be carelessly left on one of the kitchen chairs. “Oh, please, do you really think I don't know what is going on?” she laughs bitterly, taking one more step towards her coat. “Do you think I don't know that the two of you are fucking each other behind my back?” One more step. “Do you think I did not realize that you never really forgave me?” One more step. “That you are only waiting for me to have the child before taking her away from me and leaving me for good?”
I love drawing sounds from him, so I continue exploring every inch of the soft skin, while he has already worked his third finger inside me. Just when I wonder if he has avoided touching my prostate he hits it, sending bolts of electricity through my entire body. Damn, he is good in bed.
Regardless of the fact that I am a murderer. I will go unpunished, no matter what I deem to be right. Maybe that I am still dreaming of Magnussen's dead eyes and the (incredibly small amount of) blood dripping from his temple every night is my punishment. Maybe the shot that still echoes in my mind is worse than any legal punishment.
Emmi is sleeping in John's arms. He places her in his chair (She is nearly too tall to lie on it. When did she grow that much?) and sits on the sofa. “Please sit down, Sherlock,” he says.
Holidays. Summer holidays with our parents, always leading back to a little island abroad, years and years in a row.
Sherlock huffs this away. “I am not good at writing. Besides, no one will know. People are idiots, remember? And we can include an asterisk on the cover that explains how you are my ghost-writer.”
I admire him and Rosie. A simple hug, and the world is all right again. I let them hug me, return the hug, and let our routine carry me along until I bring Rosie to bed at night.
Besides Christmas, there is something else nagging at my mind. John spent three months in Scotland, and no matter how much I try not to think about it, it slowly drives me crazy that I do not know anything about those three months besides the little bits I was able to deduce.
Never before has it been so tempting to ask Mycroft for help. A helicopter would do, or road barriers to keep the direct route from Gravesend to Baker Street free of traffic. Or some hand grenades to handle the annoyingly slow commuters in front of the cab.
I stare at it for a while and allow myself to contemplate all that we have lost and are beginning to regain. Then I take a deep breath, hack into his blog, open a new document for drafts and start writing about our work on the unknown sailors.
That makes John stop grinning for a moment. He looks at me seriously, and I can see several thoughts crossing his mind, but not one of them makes it all the way to his lips. He does this endearing thing with his upper lip and his forehead, and then finally says, “Will you love her?”
“Maybe he has changed his mind about me,” my inner Mary giggles. “He went to see me this afternoon, didn't he?” Yes, he did. Spent a few hours with her, pretending (?) that there is a slight chance he might forgive her one day. He objected to it, but went because I told him so.
I pull him even closer, press my cheek against his hair and refuse to let him go for thirty-eight minutes. After some time, he stops trembling, and in the end, his body relaxes against mine.
John is extremely determined to unlove me but fortunately very inefficient. No matter how much he concentrates on my flaws, his love for me does not stop.
I am not sure what to make of it. There is way too much unused adrenalin in my blood and too many dark thoughts on my mind. Realize how I often felt this way before John. Used to take drugs, or work myself into exhaustion or worse. That is no longer an option, so I do the only thing that really helps me in a state like that. I turn to John.
The short-term solution is easy: Mary needs to believe that John is oblivious to her shooting me and that he still loves her. There is one problem. John has many talents that I could praise for hours, but telling lies is not amongst them. So, when I wake up from my postoperative slumber once more and hear Mary’s singsong threat, I am relieved beyond words.
I try to say something (egotistically wanting John to be awake, even though he looks like he needs all the sleep he can get.), but no sound comes out. Lips feel strangely numb, tongue is pressed down by something that does not belong there. Memory of John, mentioning respiration. I want to move my hand to my face and touch the tube to verify. But I am too clumsy, or my arm is too long. My hand ends not even close to my mouth, but somewhere next to my head. The movement wakes John. (So I get what I wanted after all.)
Today, my subconsciousness has other plans with him. He swiftly steps by my side and places a possessive hand on my shoulder. (Always love that in real life.) Inner Mary looks like she is ready to murder any one of us, but before she can answer, he goes on, “Maybe he knows exactly that my real self is longing to be with him right now.” (Do I know?)
When we kiss like that, I always remember years of doubt, of not even knowing he was my friend, not believing he could ever be a lover. Hearing those sounds out of his mouth, simply because it is me he is kissing (for I do little more than kissing back, I think), is such a powerful turn-on.
I reach for John's hand again, and he presses it. He is getting weaker, I can feel that from his grip. I look at him and this time, I try to really see him too. He is tired, dark circles forming underneath his eyes. Must be in pain. (And for some reason concerned about me.) His eyes are slightly out of focus again. He needs rest.
Oh, sometimes he can be so dense. “Of course it was better than with you,” I explain patiently. And watch his expression shift from amusement to bewilderment to disbelief within a micro second. Oh, maybe I should have approached that a bit less clumsy. Need to elaborate to appease him.
Again, some hours pass. Neither my body nor my soul find real rest. There are cramps in my muscles from not moving for far too long and my brain does not stop picturing ways Mary will end my life.
“Maybe,” I concede him that. But maybe not, I think without saying it. I am aware of how high in the air we are, and the sheer distance to the ground makes my stomach jerk.
Not sure if the dreaded “Christmas Carol Singing” has been a disaster or not. Hearing twelve people sing out of tune for nearly twenty minutes insulted my skilled musical ears. Commented on that after developing a severe headache. Used non-Christmas words to express everyone's level of incompetence. Donovan challenged me to prove that I could do better. I did. Everybody was silent after my solo performance of O Little Town of Bethlehem and O Come O Come Emmanuel. John was looking at me with a funny expression. Could have been admiration, mixed with heavy feelings. Or maybe he is developing a cold. Every one else was quiet for nearly three minutes afterwards. Don't quite understand why.
Both my parents must have sneaked downstairs at night to place them there. John too. (I instantly try to deduce the presents meant for me, but all of them are wrapped up with extra stuff to conceal their true form. Rude!)
One day there is the most lovely murder at a flat at Portobello Road. It is a closed room mystery, one of Sherlock's favourites. The victim could not have done it himself, but there is also no way the murderer could have left the room because the windows are locked from within and so is the door.
His back was turned to the door, but when it was opened, he felt no need to turn around to see who was entering this cold and gruesome place. He heard soft, but steady steps, punctuated by the clicking of metal on tiles. Was it accidental that Mycroft was showing up right now? Well, it was hard to imagine Mycroft doing anything accidental. Wasn't it?
“No,” he says and adds quickly, “we’ve had a scan. We’re pretty sure it’s a girl.” Meaning not only “It will be a Grace” but also “No, you are not dying.”
Thank you for everybody who read on anyway. I'll do my best to hurry a little. Probably have my pupils working quietly a lot so I can sketch the next chapter. :-)))
During the first few days Sherlock cringes a bit every time he thinks of John. John, who does not know that Sherlock is still alive. Who does not know that Sherlock is actively saving John's life by being dead.
I watch him, see him squirm, see the expression on his face, the haunted look in his eyes. He knows. And that is what I will leave behind this time. When I jumped off the roof, I left a broken man who had no idea how much he was loved. No, I leave behind the man who would have been willing to raise a baby with me, who loved me spiritually and physically in more ways I ever thought possible, who will soldier on no matter what. Who knows that I am saying “I love you” right now without needing to hear it.
Sherlock is in love with the only man in the world who manages to be his friend. The only man who giggles when you sit in Buckingham Palace wearing only a bed sheet. The only man who manages to keep his patience when you nearly burn the kitchen to ashes during an experiment. The only man  who ever hesitates when you tell him to punch you in the face.
“I don't know,” I just answer, and my brother's head snaps around. He scans me, and his whole composure changes.
“You've been listening to gruesome, incomprehensible music the whole day,” John reminds him, just in case he has forgotten.
And then time stands still for a while, as Sherlock remains down on the ground, his body strangely twisted, and does not move and does not attempt to move and still does not move while John fires without thinking, taking down one of the criminals or the other, he no longer cares, and Sherlock still does not move, and the rest of the gang runs away and OMG Sherlock still does not move and how can John shoot and how can the criminals run away while time stands still?
People do not know that Sherlock watches John closely every evening, for signs of upcoming nightmares, ready to leave the light on when turning in if necessary. People in their idiocy completely fail to understand that even a lionheart like John can be shaken by wounds of the past.
When the room stops spinning, I look up and see Mary's body lying on the ground. Her eyes open, her face expressionless. Blood underneath her, soaking her hair. Her cut throat gaping open.
The nightmares get worse. Be warned if extensive mentioning of character death trigger something for you.
There were pictures of Mary, at different ages, with different hair colours and completely different bearings. Most of them were labelled with names he had never heard before. One showed John with her at their second date.
Then Sherlock's voice became desperate. “I love you,” he repeated again and again, “Don't be dead, John, please. I love you. I love you!”
John held his breath for a second. Sherlock had fully woken up. John pushed him away a little, so he could look into his face.
Then he takes over, shifts our positions a little while his tongue is inside my mouth again, and suddenly we are lying on the bed and he is above me.
Then he tries to pick up their everyday life. But that is also a failure because even before Sherlock's clumsy declaration of love they were far away from having an everyday life. He invites John over to 221b, but what once was a heavenly little hideaway from the idiocy and the noise of the rest of the world, is now a place that makes John fidget.
John had to smile a little for Sherlock looked absolutely endearing when pouting. He pulled his chair next to the bed and watched his friend slowly relax into his cushion. Only when he was sure Sherlock had fallen asleep he allowed himself to think about the fact that after all those years, after all that had happened, he was still very much in love with that man.
John looks alien to him, small and pale and helpless and alone and hurt and small. For a second, Sherlock is sure that his feet will turn his body around on their own accord and make him run away as fast as he can. Instead, he remains standing on the doorstep, frozen. If today would be the arrival date of an asteroid hitting earth, destroying the entire planet right now, Sherlock would not mind. It would be better than seeing John like this.
Sherlock is polite and appreciates it when Mrs Hudson volunteers to stay with John in the ambulance. The paramedics and the au pair and Mrs Hudson leave all together and take brain-damaged or not brain-damaged John on the stretcher with them. Sherlock watches from the living room window as the ambulance drives away.
I remember lying on that sofa, supposed to fall asleep, my thoughts running in circles instead. I never had a dog. Victor has been my friend. John did not drown. I would have killed Mycroft if I had had to. I never had a dog. Eurus loved me so much she killed an innocent boy. Baker Street could be beyond repair. John did not drown. He failed to save the governor’s wife. We all did.
It is all right for me to cry in a situation like that. I know that because John is crying too. We should probably get ourselves something to eat while waiting for the ambulance, or at least something to drink but neither one of us seems to feel like getting up. Instead, we remain huddled against each other.
Sherlock is hungry for everything John's body would have to offer, or at least for a hug, but never mentions it. Their truce is still unstable, and for nothing in the world would he risk it again. He is still trying not to think about homo-eroticisms when John points out an article that could be a hoax or the most intriguing case in years. And it is in Edinburgh.
When she says that she needs to go to the loo, I explode. “You are not going anywhere, Christine Holden!” Throw the envelope on the kitchen table. Watch her expression change from surprise to understanding to anger within a second. See her step away from John and instantly place myself between them, just to make sure.
Sherlock looked relieved. “Brilliant idea,” he said, smiling a little. “At least I won't be the only one to tell them how stupid their exercises are!”
“So, what will happen next?” John asked, while he switched from one expensive pay-TV channel to another even more expensive pay-TV channel. “We'll leave for Italy tomorrow. Here,” Sherlock got up, caught a newspaper from the nearby table and threw it in John's direction. “Page 3, top article.” John caught it and looked at the article for a moment. “Um, Sherlock...” “Yes?” “It's written in Italian.”
When did he become so tired, anyway? He felt barely able to keep his eyes open. His whole body screamed for sleep, for forgetting everything, for a short moment of oblivion. But there would be no sleep, he knew. Not now, not today. Not enough sleep for a very long time. It was incredible how mundane your thoughts can turn out to be in the middle of a disaster.
He watched Sherlock's face, pale but peaceful at least for the moment, and had to resist the urge to touch his cheeks. Yes, he was in love. Would that love ever be requited? Very unlikely. He sighed, leaned back into the chair and watched over Sherlock's sleep.
“You all right?” he asks, and again, I can only nod.   “Good,” he murmurs to himself, “that's good.”
Need air. Can't breathe. Don't want to. Feel my body jerking. Steps coming closer. (No!) Dizzy, dizzy.
The terrible thing about it is that he is hurting himself with it, too. I can see it in his face every time I cannot hide my pain. When we are back at his holiday home after two hours we are both glad to part for a while.
Yes, John considers himself to be a patient man who light-heartedly stands all the little things that would drive everyone else insane and is nothing but loyal.
Come on, his voice says inside my head, that deduction is not all that impressive. I wouldn't have left if I had been all right.
We stare at each other. He takes a deep breath. His fingers are buried into my sleeves. He is shaking. “Stop that,” he repeats.
His cheeks turn red, and his thumb subconsciously starts playing with his ring finger. Sherlock starts talking, about his time away, and how he missed John and how he had been lonely and how incredible he had been from time-to-time but John has not been there to see for himself.
On the morning of New Year's Eve, my parents leave for Hamburg. This breaks up the surrealistically peaceful time for just a few moments. The rest of the day Emmi demands our attention. She has become a blonde nearly-walking, nearly-talking whirlwind. She makes us do the most ridiculous things and before we notice, it is night time and she falls asleep in my arms.
(don't show him how unpleasant his scrutinising glance feels, why is that so? Need to ask John, need to save John!)
John quickly checked the clock next to the mirror cabinet. He knew they only had a few minutes before they had to disconnect the line for safety reasons. “Sherlock,” he said, trying sound reassuring and reasonable, knowing his chance of breaking through his friend´s barriers were slim at best, “what happened?” “Um...nothing. No, nothing. I just...I've finished the job in Madrid.”
In the morning he skips breakfast. At noon he does not show up for lunch. When he is still nowhere to be seen in the afternoon, I sneak out on my own when Emmi has fallen asleep while talking to her teddy bear about the unfairness of a world that forces her to wear socks.
When it came to Sherlock, she just shook her head. “I don't know what is going on in his funny brain,” she said with a sigh one day. “He looks like a ghost. Barely eats, doesn't sleep … Threw a tantrum when I came to clean the last remains of your blood stain. And God forbid if I try and clean the fireplace.”
On the fifth day after Mycroft's death John and I discuss how to go on. Should we go back to London with Emmi, presume life as usual and wait for Mary to make her next move (my idea) or should we leave her in my parents' care, and my parents in Mr Supersecret's care to hunt Mary down (John's idea)?
John reached for another slice of toast, shoving some of the food in Sherlock's direction in the process
At first everything happens very fast. Sherlock insults the two men with a strange comment concerning owls, everybody focuses their attention on him, John aims at the best target, moves closer while Sherlock keeps them busy, John's pulse speeds up, he is nearly in the right position to take out the two armed minions, …
“Sherlock,” she sneers, “finally awake. See, John and I had started the loveliest chat while you were asleep, and I was only waiting for you to join us.” There is something lurking in her eyes. She is waiting for a certain reaction from me. Me being arrogant, most likely, for that would be my usual reaction to a pun like that. Well, better give her what she expects to find out what she is up to.
And yet … What if I am not healed enough? What if he is not willing to take care of me, happy that he at least is all right again? What if he thinks that I am not good for Emmi, even in my half-healed state?
“I asked him insistently not to research her as well,” I explain. “Tell him to send us everything he has found out about her since then.”
When I open my eyes inside my mind palace, I am still sitting on that bench on Amrum. Before me on the table, there is a steaming mug filled with hot chocolate. Inner Mycroft is sitting on the other side, watching me with interest.
They greet, John being completely at ease. He either does not know what Sherlock is about to do or he is welcoming the thought. If only Sherlock knew which one it is.
Afterwards it had been almost impossible to discuss the whole affair again, only a few muttered sentences with their backs to the CCTV here, a hushed whisper in a very dark part of London there...It was incredible how tight Mycroft´s and Moriarty´s surveillance nets really were. So when it finally started, John had had to largely manoeuvre on instinct, but obviously, everything had worked out as well as expected.
John walks home through the rain, but still feels tense when reaching home. He is slightly resentful, and knows that he has good reason to feel that way. Why does he not feel it as deeply as he should? There is a knot in his stomach that has not been there before. Why does he not feel happy instead?
One day later Sherlock insists that his headache and stiff neck result from running around London all night when it's cold and wet outside. When he has to throw up John is glad they are having this en suite bathroom where he holds the curls away while Sherlock chokes.
“Call Holloway Prison,” I order him, and he nods. (Have expected him to pale, but apparently the thought has already occurred to him.)
But it didn't matter. It shouldn't. He didn't want to feel protective of John right now. He wanted to loathe him, to curse his name and damn the day they finally kissed for the first time.
Then, one rainy April night, the boring routine was broken up rather dramatically. A text from “Mary” had told John that his hunt had brought Sherlock to Madrid (“Honestly, why not just admit that it is a greenhouse? A train station is where TRAINS are.”), and John had envied his friend for being active while he himself was forced to a life of uninspired boredom.
“We'll stay as long as you want us to,” I promise, knowing that John would offer the same. Dad nods (gratefully) and pats my back again and again, tears still flowing down his face.
“Of course I look well,” Sherlock tutted, not sounding half as offensive as he used to do. “Did you think I'd starve without you feeding me regularly?” Well, yes, John had considered the possibility, but then his tremor hadn't returned out of sheer boredom either.
This time, when John pretended to have lost his faith in Sherlock's friendship, Mycroft watched his  brother nod in agreement and support. This must be how simpler people reacted to watching soccer games, he mused.
He does not move his hand, just holds it in place, and my hips start moving involuntarily. Only that with my foreskin pulled back and the flushing tank of the toilet in my back and John in front of me there is nearly no space for them to move. What was burning need when he started is pain now that erases everything else from my brain. (Bliss.)
Family members. Damn. I never paid a single thought to the fact that there might be people worrying about us! Stupid, stupid me.
He looks at the abandoned magnifier glasses on the kitchen table, at the abandoned molecular gastronomy equipment. He considers using them, but somehow it feels like molestation. So he puts everything unused into boxes and places them into Sherlock's empty room.
His class mate Frank Stratton, for example, had made that mistake when they were both 16. Aiming at impressing Melissa Gravis so she would go to the Winter Dance with him, he had spotted small John as a good victim for some intense beating up. It had earned Frank a broken nose and several deep cuts and it had earned John a date for the Winter Dance with Melissa Gravis.
Seb firing at John from over the room, hitting his heart, John's knees buckling, he slowly descends to the ground, reaching for the wound with his hands, presses them against the unstoppable flood, eyes wide in terror and pain, lying on the cold floor, dying slowly enough to wonder why I haven't rescued him, body shutting down, gone.
John just shakes his head in (faked) annoyance. “How can I compete with hundreds of strangers?” he asks jokingly.
John hadn't been sure what he had felt before, but now it became clear to him that anger was rising in his chest. And Sherlock really gave him no reason to swallow it. “I don't know what you're thinking, but ...” he started sharply, and was cut off again. “Exactly. And you don't have to know. Just leave.”
So that night, when Emmi is (finally) sleeping in her cot I do not go back into the kitchen to join the rest of my little family. Instead I sit down in my room, start my laptop and check John's blog. There (still) is my entry made during his honeymoon, then a short part on Moriarty being really dead and an announcement of Emmi's birth as well as a lovely description of our life as a family of three. (Hard to read without getting heavy-hearted once more.). The last entry was made a few days before Mycroft's death.
I look at the closed door once more. “What is behind it?” Mycroft asks. Oh, as if he doesn't know. He smiles, “Of course I know. But you are missing an important point of what's behind that door. So tell me, where does that door come from?”
Funny how you want to hide from the world when you have got a serious heartache. He refuses all offers brought to him by the Hudson housekeeping service, even when Mrs Hudson heinously includes Molly Hooper in her care-taking-for-poor-Sherlock-programme. He even turns down Mrs Hudson's offer of herbal soothers that she - of course - has only because of her bad health, you see, really. It is tempting, but Sherlock knows a danger month when he sees one.
“So, this is how you want it sometimes?” he asks, a bit amused, and forces his tongue inside my mouth before I can answer. Yes, God yes. I gasp for air, my scalp tingling, my back burning. Briefly wonder what my real body is doing right now, because inner me is hard as can be.
I know I shouldn't, but I can't help imagining what she would do instead. I am standing in the Watson's kitchen. (My favourite room in their home.) I can see John eating. Mary serves him one of those coffee things she always produces with this tedious machine. Something with milk and steam and flavour. Strong enough to cover the taste of cyanide.
In the kitchen, my fingers start their usual routine. Reaching for the bag. Reaching for the container. Am not even thinking about it any longer. My head starts counting on its own, one – two – three – four – five - six. Remember the first time I went into the kitchen like this, overwhelmed and insecure. Only had to count to two back then.
Sherlock looked at her, then his eyes flickered to John, also only for a second. “No,” he said then.
A memory pierced through Sherlock's brain like a lightning. John beating him up at the hospital. Painful, not just to the body. The feeling of betrayal and fear, even though he had gambled for it to happen.
The night before I fear I will not dare to go, but in the end I am standing in the local morgue, looking at the destruction Mary's bullets have caused. Every single one of them would have killed him, but she has made sure that his heart would be completely destroyed.
Could I talk, I would point out that if she'd really loved John, she surely shouldn't have fast, rough sex with Big Boy less than twenty minutes ago but there is no way to stomp that message, too.
John is standing right by my side the whole evening (which enables Emmi on his arm to drool over my shirt because she is teething). The chronicler's son's photographer makes a wonderful shot of the three of us in which it is plain to see how happy we are (despite the drool on my shirt) because we are really happy.
Thank you all for reading! It was a tremendous fun to write this one, and I've been so sad when I realized that it's finished. But then, the next one is already planned...
“It was supposed to be perfect,” she rants, angrily kicking me into my side. “It was supposed to be a highlight.” Her foot hits my side once more. It hurts like hell. I press my lips together as hard as possible to prevent myself from crying out and that only makes her angrier.
I close my eyes again, let him take the lead once more. I do not have to look at him anyway, the sight of him, grinning at me with affection, is burned into my retina. I feel his lips on mine again, and this time, with the first wave of desperate need ebbing away, I am able to really feel it, all of it. His body pressed against mine, emanating heat. His lips, soft yet strong, moving in time with mine. His hands, stroking every part of me they can reach, arm and shoulder and chest and side, caressing the part of my left arm where the cast begins. His tongue, demanding, seeking, inside my mouth.
There was absolutely no reason to lie wide awake in the middle of the night, Sherlock knew that. No reason at all. Really. The day had not been that extraordinary. A mediocre theft, a thrilling chase, some happy jewellery owner in the end.
It is John's favourite piece at the moment. “What is it?” he asks one evening. The evening sun is shining into the room and gives John's hair the colour of a field of barley in the autumn sun. It makes John's face soft and brings peace to 221b. It makes Sherlock want to write poetry on the colour of John's hair.
“I can't sleep,” John repeats stubbornly when I (chastely) undress him. I gently press him down onto the mattress. He is sound asleep even before his head hits the pillow.
Unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how much you like angst and hurt and inner demons and more angst) I have decided to continue, and let me just say that there are rough times ahead for the boys. I have already added a few new tags and warnings for part 2. Please take a look at them to avoid triggers.
Mycroft just smiled at him. It was an arrogant, smug smile but the worst part of it was that there was honest pity and understanding in it. Mycroft having pity on him was even worse than Mycroft trying to control his life or Mycroft being the clever one.
Then he looks into my eyes for a second. What I see there is painful. I take a second to take him in completely. (Dull hair. Wrinkles around his eyes. Dark bags underneath them. Barely any physical tension. Looks at the ground to avoid my glance. No emotion on his face other than resignation and tiredness.)
“At the pool, for example.” Moran had gone back to ruffle John's hair, a motion that made him feel even sicker than the pain in his finger. “I can imagine the look in his eyes when you started talking, that split-second he thought you were Jim. Must have been the same look he had when he suspected me to be the murderer for the first time ...” His voice trailed off, his eyes lost in the past.
He watches those beautiful eyelashes, that delicately curved lips, his chin, and wonders what it would be like to touch those cheekbones, those eyebrows. He longs to touch Sherlock badly, the yearning in his groin intensifying with every passing minute. He knows that he will think about them again when he ejaculates tonight.
“What year is it?” John heard him whisper. His voice was still heavily affected by being on ventilation for so long.
He does not consider himself a erotomaniac, but he is surely no erotophobic either. He normally is really good in imagining having sex of all kinds. He has just never been in bed with a man before and thus does not quite know what to dream of. But he dreams of everything that could lead to finding out.
My inner Mycroft looks at me with pity. “So, now you know what will hurt both of you soon. Will that make it feel any better?” I (angrily) make him disappear.
But what then? Have the plane take me to London so I cannot go to the graveyard? That sounds ridiculous, even to my ears. But not going to the graveyard while still on Amrum does not make any sense. It would be as ineffective as being petulant while temporarily mute. Nobody will notice. I don't know what to do.
Anne or Amelie or Agneta looks at the window in surprise and nods. “I'll see to it,” she says and hurries away. She disappears into the cockpit just when the plane starts shaking. Not a good feeling.
Another folder was tossed. “Livorno, 15 days later, shooting at the harbour. Two mafia families decide that after 9 years of truce it is finally time to decimate each other's number again. 17 dead members of the familia, exactly one innocent bystander hit, directly into the heart. No accident at all. And now Rome.”
“But one day, he didn't return to me.” Sebastian went on, his hand on Sherlock's hand again, his fingernails drilling into Sherlock's skin
The voice of the newsreader catches my attention again, “... hotline for family members. Call 0800 475475 to find out ...”
Hearing this hurts (because it is true). But John is not broken. He cannot be broken. He saved us and is trying to fix me now. How can he be broken? I try to deduce from memory (but fail again).
He is crying. But why is he crying? I got out of prison and will not be send to my certain death. Plus there is the amazingly interesting Moriarty Enigma to be solved. So far, this day is quite spectacular. Why is he sad? Normally I need John to explain situations like that to me.
Panic. He has realised now how much he wants me to call him again. How much he wants me to come to him. How much he misses me. How much he loves me. How terrible the punishment will be for both of us.
I feel the need to peel my skin off of my body with my fingernails in order to prevent me from calling Mary a lying cunt.
So there is still physical attraction, but no sex and a drastically reduced amount of kisses. After another week of feeling strangely lonely while lying in John's arms after the nightmares, Sherlock throws in the towel and returns to Molly.
But do those souls really need to remain unknown? Surely there must be documents of their ships that report someone missing. If one would compare the worldwide records of missing sailors with ocean lanes, the ocean current at that time and the weather ...
When I come back to my senses, I am cowering underneath the hot shower. John is kneeling in front of me, fully clothed and completely soaked, washing my hair. There is something red mixing with the white foam of my shampoo. Blood, of course.
And she is so well-mannered. At first, John thinks she mocks him when she cannot bring herself to say “penis”. She says “your maleness” or “your lonely male member” or “your masculinity”. One time she even calls it “your magic wand”. When she says “membrum virile” he snaps and deeply shocks her by calling her vagina “vagina”.
Thanks to someone's influence they had a six-seat compartment on their own, and as soon as the train left Roma Termini Sherlock pulled a new folder out of a outworn bag that fit perfectly to the Barry-Smith-and-Otis-Elseworth-disguise they were still wearing. “House owner shot during burglary.” he explained, handing the files over to John.
The door on the other side of the room opened, and the lights were turned on. Nearly blinded, John closed his eyes again, only for a moment. Staying like that was so tempting. But when the steps came closer, he opened his eyes again, and, as always, soldiered on.
I watched the little “Did you miss me?“ clip on my mobile before landing, my mind racing. Who sent it, and why? There is no doubt that Moriarty is dead, of course. Have seen the brain dripping out of his head after he blew away the back of his skull. Know that Mycroft had his body taken away. So what could be the reason behind this campaign? I don't know. Interesting.
(Would be a brilliant choice. Kills almost instantly, but is easily traceable. Mary knows that I once called it the most boring poison of all. Knows that I normally refuse to investigate cyanide poisoning because it's too clichéd. Knows that her choice will break everything inside me that will be left when John is dead.)
Pneumonia can happen when you do not breathe deeply enough, Sherlock's mind said, sounding very much like Mycroft. He did not have the energy left to growl at it.
After another while, I get over my (fear? No, hesitation. No, really fear!) and dial John's number. I hear it ringing three times before he answers, "Hello?"
In my mind I can see John being sad for me. Unbearable. I put the violin away and pretend I have been sitting in front of my laptop the whole time.
I do not have to tell John about my panic attack. He can see it in my eyes and in my heart. The sympathetic look on his face is almost painful.
“Good morning, boys” she says cheerfully and goes on, “Still a bit early in the morning, but I had the most wonderful time at a lovely little night club in Romford just an hour ago.”
He dreams about the funeral, only this time he does not stand motionless. Instead, he goes to the coffin and touches it. Starts tapping on it with his fingers. During the dream it makes perfect sense, but when John wakes up it no longer does. He does not understand what he has done. Maybe, he thinks, he has been tapping a message in Morse code on Sherlock's coffin. Which makes absolutely no sense, because Sherlock is dead and why should John send him a message?
Apparently, buying 34 sprigs of mistletoe and arranging them in a pattern so they cover every spot in the flat is cheating. John laughed at me with this strange, touching laugh that does not hurt. Afterwards he appreciated my actions in several different rooms anyway. I could start to like Christmas.
He does not mention it afterwards. But after we went to bed John asks, “What about Victoria?” Out of the blue. Hate when he is doing that at night. When there is light, I can (almost) always tell what he was thinking before throwing a context free line at me. I just have to watch his eye movement. But at night, in near darkness, I am lost.
Feeling slightly dispensable right now, John took that moment to go outside. He found his right hand toying with his mobile. Mary had shot Sherlock. One last time, he listened to his feelings, questioning his own determination. No, there was no way back to her.
He placed himself in front of John, looking down on him, looming over him. One thing that must have connected Sherlock to him had surely been their marked preference for dramatic poses. Well, it wasn't as if John hadn't learnt anything from living with Sherlock, too. He closed his eyes again, sighing, hoping to appear even more tired and hopeless than he felt.
On the plus side, I have to say that my mind has picked up speed again. Deducing might still be hard, but thinking as such is possible again. Finally.
When he finally wakes up for good, he is disorientated for a moment. He lies completely motionless, eyes closed. Taking in the situation, scared to give away he is awake. Like he did back in that cellar.
There is nothing more I can do. John's fingers are still slack, his head still lolled to his chest. He is merely unconscious.
Sherlock took the time to look at the model of himself in his mind. He was lying on the operating table now, hearing the surgeon talking about his heart no longer beating. Was it a memory or imagination? No matter what, the scene clearly differed from the one he had made up in his coma.
Maybe my perception of Christmas time is too negative. After all, two weeks ago I never would have thought I got to spend much time with John at all. Now he does not only join the family for breakfast, he also dares to be alone with Emmi for a while, and joins me when I sneak out while she holds her evening nap.
He looked up to watch Sherlock and Mary, who were busy trying to light a fire in 221b's fireplace. Only recently had Sherlock hired a firm that turned his gaslight fake fireplace into a real one, and now he and Mary decided to make 221b a bit cosier. They were having little success, mainly because they both had absolutely no idea how to light a fire, but they were clearly having fun and enjoying each other's company.
I feel the urgent need to touch, to comfort him. Yesterday, I would have hesitated but our long embrace has made me reckless. So I place my hand on his shoulder. He tenses but only for a split second. Then he leans into the touch. From the side I can see his mouth open and close a few times. He is trying to tell me something, several things, in fact, but cannot make up his mind.
John looks around and smiles. “It's good to be back home,” he says, and Sherlock's heart secretly swells with happiness.
Let's face it, the sex was fantastic. Like the one time John secretly gave him a hand job at the London Library, in front of books so old that even Sherlock felt humble leaning against the shelf while coming.
Before waking up properly, John drifted in and out consciousness for a while. He couldn't react, couldn't even think, just felt himself floating. Sometimes it was dark, sometimes bright, but there was one constant all the time: he could always feel Sherlock's presence.
Evil things are mentioned in this chapter. If you don't want to be spoiled, just read on. If you'd preferred to be properly warned, read the notes at the end of the chapter first. There are detailed warnings. (I shamelessly copied this idea from another fic I've read recently. I will include the author's name here as soon as I find it again.)
“Are you all right?” he asked. Sherlock was heavily leaning into John's touch, still not able to hold himself upright. Blast that bullet!
The only pity is that, unlike before his hiatus, Sherlock has been considerate enough to book two single rooms. John wonders what it says about his engagement that he regrets not sharing a room with Sherlock. Nobody mistakes them for a couple or even husbands. Nothing an engaged man should be sorry about, right?
I sit on that bench until it is dark and I start to feel the wet cold that is creeping into my bones. My head is throbbing. (Rightful punishment.)
Not sure if it will work. If you notice something like missing lines or if you ar informed about the update but there is no new chapter because something went wrong, please let me know.
The next thing he knows is that he is on the bathroom floor, violently vomiting while crying his heart out, his body shaking, his hands clutching to whatever part of Mycroft they can grasp. For the first time in his life Sherlock is glad that Mycroft always keeps replacing cameras and bugs  Sherlock throws out every week.
Later that day, when we are having dinner together in a little pizzeria (or rather the little pizzeria, the only one on the island) he is all silent and absent-minded and I almost wish for him to lash out and hurt me again, for everything would be better than silence.
He sighs, and continues caressing my head. I close my eyes and feel my body relax just a bit. He sighs again. “I am sorry you don't feel that way,” he says, almost whispers. “I try not to be too obtrusive but … I wish I could make you feel it too, this joy to be alive.”
Silently, John cursed himself. Apparently, Sherlock was still not able to tell dream from reality. “This is the only time you got shot, as far as I know” he explained patiently.
There is nothing soft, nothing romantic about sex today. John is inside me before I can think of relaxing, his hand closes around my cock with determination and starts to move in time with his hips. I feel my body going stiff with arousal, feel my hips moving, intensifying John's movements. I am drenched in sweat, mine and his, and he just does not stop. He pushes forward and pushes and pushes, and I move along. Not sure if I am breathing.
One day, Sherlock will be forced to leave John to save the life of the only person he will ever love. One way or another. He will not tell John that leaving him will be for his own good because John would never allow that. He will just leave him and lose him in doing so.
I must have slept, eaten, gone to the toilet, but the memory of that is inaccessible. A memory that floats to the surface again and again is Magnussen's dead face.
“Sherlock, you all right?” That's John for you. Captured and tied up by his murderous ex-wife, but mainly concerned about my well-being. Good question though. Am I all right? I don't feel pain, only the cold emanating from the floor. I am able to think clearly.
He is not all right. He is not all right. My mind starts spinning. Only now do I realise that I always assumed he would heal faster than me. But he sounds like he didn't heal at all.
But for some reasons John's body tenses at my suggestion. “No way!” he says, so harsh that there has to be a reason. Have I done something wrong (again)? I do not know what, but that seldom means I did everything right. I hold my breath and wait for his explanation. (He always explains. Knows how lousy I am with this kind of things.)
(An unusual feeling rises inside of me. One I experience so seldom that I cannot figure it out instantly.)
Because it has been made clear by the young doctor that John will not be able to take part in any “all-night activities”, as she had put it blushingly.
John waits downstairs while I bring her to bed. He has been in a strange mood all day. Like me. No matter how matter-of-factly you try to see it, New Year's Eve is a peculiar time. It makes you reflect on last year and wish for the next even if you try not to.
Unfortunately, Sherlock had explained, that would also imply that Mycroft would contact John more often than not, in order to ask or beg or blackmail or force him to take care for Sherlock while pretending not to talk to his younger brother momentarily, warning him of the events to come. John had flinched at the idea of lying straight faced to Mycroft, but then... If he could lie to a Holmes, there was no need to worry about any threat Moriarty could make up, right?
It is John's way of telling Sherlock how to behave, but not because Sherlock is defective, but because John cares and he wants other people to like Sherlock better because he believes Sherlock can be a good person and all that without putting any pressure on Sherlock.
John draws back, and our eyes lock once more. There is one more thing John needs to say right now, I can tell from his eyes. And I know what it is and I patiently wait for five seconds before he says, his blue eyes still looking deeply into mine, his hands holding mine so tightly, “I love you, Sherlock.”
I tell him that, and he nods. Tries to say something extremely emotional but fails. Kisses me roughly instead. Knows that I know that he wanted to tell me that GraceNotEmilia will have two fathers who love her. Two more than John had. Knows that I know that he thinks this alone will make us fantastic dads.
I spend days looking around the flat aimlessly, only to accidentally find a sock or a toy block or a dummy that was left behind. Those days are the worst.
I can hear him using capital letters. Of course it would be WRONG, and if there is one thing John Watson is incapable of doing, then it is something WRONG. (Would I love him if he would be willing to do something WRONG?) (Is there be anything to stop me from loving him?) (I hope so.) (No, I don't.)
“John,” he said, keeping his tone as neutral as possible. He felt bad whenever he met the good doctor, whose rage at Mycroft limited their encounters drastically. The apology offered to John in the stranger's room of the Diogenes Club had been heart-felt, even though John had had no way of knowing what Mycroft had been apologizing for that day.
When John came around, he found himself tied to the table again, but only one of his arms was fastened to something above his head like last time. The other was outstretched in a nearly perfect ninety degree angle. When he tried to move his fingers he realised they were all separately restrained.
We talk about light stuff. Emmi, mostly. Some island gossip. I deduce a few of the more interesting people around us. John listens in awe but does not bother to look at them.
“Oh, I'm not talking about all those little hints that he didn't care. Like ruining your dates or using your things like they belonged to him or pushing you around.” Moran moved closer, stroking John's cheek with his thumb, causing another sting as he touched the bruises. “He never thought about you when he stood on that roof.” What was he implying?
Again, I cannot help but giggle a little. “Making people cry used to be my speciality before John transformed me into a softie.”
John's expression barely changed. He was suppressing a grin, Sherlock could tell, but did it really well. “Well,” John said, doing his best to sound serious, “I could kiss you instead, but see, I have already survived a knife attack today AND made tea. I really think it's your turn now.”
“There will be someone to see you about recovering your muscle strength and someone else to teach you the first breathing exercises,” Davies explained. “Will you need anything else today?”
We are alive, and we are ready to face every day's life again. The crash has been traumatic and will haunt me for a while, that much is for sure. But it is over now, and I am able to go on, getting over it.
“Hush,” I interrupt him (softly). I can feel his body relaxing against mine. He will fall asleep soon. I start stroking his face, knowing it will relax him even more.
Because Sherlock is lonely, yes, but John needs to be, has to be all right. If he were not, it would destroy Sherlock, more profoundly than Moriarty could have done it. It is a caring notion, one Sherlock is not used to. It challenges the opinion he has of himself.
I give each of the culprits their own part of the office where I store information on them. In working place number one there is Thomas G. Hanson, London's betting king who holds a personal grudge against Janine. “He is angry because I used him for work for a while,” Janine explains.
The second part is inter-John. A delightful time of being understood and having a friend and playing Cluedo and refraining from deleting primary school knowledge of the solar system because John would make fun of it.
Now Sherlock was all sober again, every hint of a smile washed away and replaced by something dark. “He's showing me his next victim.” They stood in silence for a while, not really knowing what else to say. “Well,” said John, “I think it's best if we start to ...” “That's why you are leaving in  the morning,” Sherlock cut him off.
It is still perfect when we get into Appledore with the gun. (Was right, Magnussen does not consider us a serious threat.)
“Seriously,” he says when seeing the look on my face, “It only causes a headache, and I took something against that at the hospital. I will need some sleep when we are home but I'll be fine.”
Being able to follow more than one train of thought, Mycroft easily divided his attention between the video clip and his brother. Sherlock however gave the clip his full attention, his eyes darting across the screen of his laptop feverishly. He seemed oblivious to how clearly his emotions were visible on his face.
“You will keep John and the baby safe,” I instruct him, “that will be your top priority.” Because there is no telling what Mary will do if John tries and leaves her.
But as things stubbornly continue being a tiny bit more perfect than before I decide to buy presents for all of them. Emmi will get a new book (because she loves making me read books to her and I will positively go crazy if I have to go over “The Hungry Caterpillar” one more time). For Mummy and Daddy I organise a Silvester trip to Hamburg on New Year's Eve, the town where they first met as teenagers under the most unbelievable circumstances.
“You've got no reason to,” John says suddenly while I am sitting down in my seat. He does that from time to time, stating things á propos of nothing, expecting me to easily deduce what he is talking about. Sometimes it works, sometimes not. Sometimes (like now) I pretend to be ignorant to make him say things out loud he'd rather left unspoken. (Too many unspoken things between us in the past.)
Big Boy chains John to one of the hooks on the wall, his back to the wall. Then Mary steps in front of him and pets his cheek. “Don't worry, love,” she says, “If Sherlock manages to be quiet, nothing will happen to you.”
He made it out of the way too familiar wing of the hospital and halfway off the premise of the hospital before an unexpected wave of mixed emotions hit him. It was tiredness, mostly, accompanied by uncertainty and … yes, loneliness.
John sends the e-mail to Sherlock's old account. He is mildly surprised when he is not informed automatically about a mail delivery failure, but soon shrugs it off.
Later I briefly wonder if it is a good sign that I was not crying silently but with loud sobs, but I am too heartbroken to give it much thought.
He drops to the floor like dead weight, gasping for air, his vision all blurred. The only thing he sees clearly is the expression on Sherlock's face when he bends over John. A clear indicator that John's feelings are definitely not one-sided.
But little Sherlock wants to play, really really wants to. So I watch him use the most powerful weapon against his big brother. “Only because you are about to lose,” he claims, then ignores Mycroft entirely and after a while states, “Yellow car! I am leading by ten to nothing. Starting to play now would be stupid, 'cause you can't win anyway.”
My deduction skills are slowly coming back to me. I can tell tourists from inhabitants and deduce who will be patient with my muteness and who won't. But there is still a lot to re-activate. So, after walking the entire island, I start spending more time watching people.
I manage to deduce a few (alarmingly simple) things but more often than not my mind starts wandering instead. More and more memories are swept up from the depths of my brain. They paint a more realistic picture of my childhood than the ones that came up during my journey here. But that is okay. I can handle them now. I remember more of Mycroft's annoying interferences with my life. A fight between my parents two weeks into our holidays when I was nine, so severe that I was scared they'd break up soon. A long list of stupid things I did the two years Mycroft did not join us on Amrum.
“No sitting up just yet?” Sherlock asked instead. He remembered hanging in John's arms last night after his nightmare but had no clear memories of how he had gotten there. A panic-driven surge of adrenaline, most likely.
“What do you think, how many times can he still stand all that hurt before he will leave you?” She squeezes my buttocks, then one of her hands moves swiftly to my front. I flinch, but her other hand holds me firmly in place. Stronger than in real life, of course. No way to get away from it. She starts to caress my penis through my trousers. My throat closes, feel like I can barely breathe, and yet my (imaginary) body reacts to her (imaginary) stimulus. (Absolutely embarrassing.)
When the next wave of unwanted panic makes the walls come closer, Sherlock busies his phobic mind with imagining the ten-best-ways-to-have-sex-with-John inside the lift. He ranks it according how easily the position would allow him to stimulate John's prostate and how soon it would make Sherlock close his eyes in lust so he could forget the closeness of the lift.
John is a different person after opening up so much. When he comes downstairs with Emmi there is a gleam in his eyes, an easiness to his steps.
Mary's eyes have a feverish gleam now. Regardless if she is telling the truth or not, she is having the time of her life. “I watched her the entire time. When she collapsed inside the loo, I volunteered to help her. The security guard let me in and I took my time and watched her without hurry. And she recognized me. Tried to talk. Probably even knew I poisoned her. God, she was so helpless.”
Oh, and of course the feeling of warmth comes from Sherlock leeching on to him every morning. After only four nights John can already tell how deeply Sherlock is sleeping by the way his lanky limbs are sprawled out around John's body. When they are limp, Sherlock is still slumbering peacefully. When there is a slight tremor in them, he dreams. When there is tension in them, he is already awake, deducing what John dreamt from John's breathing pattern or whatever. When his hands are sliding down lustfully, past John's navel, he is lewd.
“Oh my goodness, who's a smelly girl? Did her go poopy? Does her need a clean nappy? ” Mycroft says, and no-one finds it strange. There is no better way of demonstrating how things have changed over the last four months.
Unfortunately, Mycroft is way too old to enjoy appropriate distractions. “I certainly will not spend my precious time playing Yellow Car,” I hear him declaring indignantly.
“Thank you, Mycroft” John answered, honestly grateful. He would still have to deal with the fact that he cheated on her, even if it was only this one time and even though the marriage was not legal. But right now there were more pressing questions to be dealt with.
I deduce (of course) that he is angry because to him it seems like I dealt with the aftermath of the cellar a lot better than him.
“Well” John started, pleased, but Sherlock was far from being finished. “So first I built an extra shelf for you, then added a whole room, but information still kept coming in. I never want to delete anything I learn about you, and before I noticed it, the room had become a wing.”
I reach the port of Dagebül about an hour before the next ferry leaves. There is a tourist terminal now, and I am grateful for the chance to get some (German) breakfast. Outside the window, I can see our family eating whatever Mummy had packed, on a blanket on the dyke. They look incredibly close.
Open my mouth, but fail to find words. Close it again. Look at John. Does he (once again) know what it is I am not saying? Of course. He has already been at the door but comes back and whispers, "I love you too."
I think my voice is wavering, but I am not sure. John's grip is tightening. He does not say a word, just listens.
Finally it's Christmas. John attached a colourful ribbon to my hair, claiming me “his most favourite present”. I love him.
“On the walkway, you just … you gave up.” He has to take a few breaths. His face is working all the time. “And I … you also gave up … then. And I asked you not to. And you … you promised.” He is finally able to look at me again.
“Want to know the worst things she did?” John goes on, grim determination on his face. I nod, and he tells me about this job she did in Argentina. Abducted the nine-year-old daughter of a minister. Blackmailed him into transferring a huge amount of money to a bank account on the Cayman Islands. Then arranged the handing over of the girl. Set her free and then shot her in the head just seconds before she reached her father's arms.
(smile reaching his eyes now, sipping for the first time at the cappuccino I ordered, understands I want to share my love for Rome with him, knows I seldom do that, knows that I'm offering more than a guided tour, “I hope so.”)
Can he tell organic oranges from ordinary ones? (no, but his allergy against certain preserving agents can)
At the tarmac, we wait for John and (inevitably) for Mary. Enough time to contemplate how I can let John know that there is no hope for me any longer. (Because, just saying so out in the open, even in front of his body guard, could compromise Mycroft's cover. The world is not to know that he tried to help me out at all. All of sudden, I am tired of playing games, speaking in riddles, making believe.)
Watching too much telly has also left him thinking how handy it would be if he could just regenerate, come back to the world with a new face and a fresh mind. He deeply despises ties, but bow ties hold a certain fascination. But then, after regeneration, would he have to chose a new companion, too? If yes, there is no point to it.
“I almost fell into the river. I would have drowned, the Chao Phraya River would have taken my body to the ocean, and if my corpse would have been washed up at some Asian shore I would have ended up just like ...” … just like the unknown sailors.
Really, that is what concerns him most? Well, at least the answer to that is easy, “Yesterday night.”
John is so stiff that I am afraid he will put his back out. Dark bags under his eyes. Looks nearly broken. I can barely stand seeing him like that. A tiny tiny part of me hopes that I'll be in the plane soon, just to bring this painful goodbye to an end. I manage to send the others away so John and I can talk one last time in (relative) private. (For who knows how many bugs there are attached to the plane or to the car or to the body guard or to whatever. That's the game Mycroft plays, with the Mycrofts of other nations and other organisations.)
For a while, we sit together awkwardly. My mind wanders back to New Year's Eve last year. I had been in prison, with no idea what would happen to me. The vague idea of a suicide mission to Serbia was looming over me back then.
At some point during my ordeal I heard him sneaking down the stairs, stopping at the bottom. He stood there for a long time, most likely watching me. I pretended to be asleep. Why, I no longer remember. Then he sneaked upstairs again.
John wondered if he should help him. Dr Davies had been very clear about John not doing that to support his recovery but it hurt him to see how Sherlock -
But Mycroft is adamant. Wish I would loath him as much as I always pretend to do. The fact that John supports his idea only makes it worth. I try to make the following weeks tolerable for me by getting to know my therapists better.
Deduced several perfect presents for John after the panic attack. Feeling better now. Need to buy them soon.
John knows, of course. The dinosaur book of the same series kept her busy for weeks. Most of the flaps are still intact. She is getting older.
The gleam in her eyes tells me that she enjoys her victory. Then something bitter shows on her features as well. Honest anger because I force her to hurt John. (Damn, she is even more insane than I thought.)
Thanks to GoSherlocked, katzedecimal and Grizzy for beta-ing, support and kind words. You are the best.
I am speechless. Mycroft dares to abandon me in the middle of the corridor. Alone. With John. In front of an empty office.
(been such an IDIOT, how else could he have known I'm still alive? Needed to have access to immense resources, only probable source for that was...).
I cannot stand to think about the emotional implications any longer. So I do the only thing I really know how to do. I go inside my mind palace (Baker Street, living room) to deduce him. (Replay his lines, one by one.)
“Why was I spared?” I wonder, instantly regretting it, because John nearly breaks into tears as well. We hold onto each other like we are drowning, me naked, him still fully clothed, underneath the running shower.
Time stops being important. The ferry disappears within the haze of the morning sea. People pass me by. The sun rises higher. Sea gulls scream. After ten minutes or six hours or thirty seconds I force myself to go home. Need to see after Emmi. Need to show my parents that I am fine. (As fine as can be, that is. Which is not fine at all, but it will have to do.)
Or do I need to leave the plane? Is there a danger of explosion? I cannot remember if the Airbus was fuelled at Inverness. I could not leave this plane without John anyway.
“John, I can't concentrate on catching him when I worry about you all the time,” he explained, but John shook his head almost instantly: “Well, I'd worry about you all the time if you sent me away now, and after spending nine months constantly worrying about you I'm really sick of it.” Sherlock looked as if he wanted to comment on that, but then decided against it. They watched each other for a while.
What a stupid idea. Completely incomprehensible. My mouth is already opened to protest, when my brain kicks in. Dan Miller is …
You are far from being perfect for the job, but then, neither am I. You will be unable to give him what he needs concerning points 3, 4 and 8. Do not be alarmed, I have failed at points 5, 9, 13 and 19 on a regular basis and his feelings for me have never changed.
There is a lot that could be said now. But John said so much already, and I am not the most eloquent person when it comes to feelings. So instead, I let my body do the talking. I return his embrace until I feel him stir.
I am in a relationship with the evil master of manipulation. I am not sure yet whether to admire his skills or to detest them. John baited me into a cab under the pretence of taking me to a brutal crime scene, knowing I could not resist that during the Christmas crime recession. Realized too late that we were heading towards Putney Vale Cemetery instead.
John upstairs in his bed, me down in the living room. Miles apart. He had not drowned that night, even though it had been a close call. I had convinced Eurus not to let him die by giving her my love, and he had taken me home afterwards.
He laughs again, “Of course not. Why would I?” Relief floods my body, and I will never admit that the loss of tensions makes my knees give in. I sit down on (sink down on / crash onto) my chair. “But,” he goes on, “I really want to know what inner John did to leave you so satisfied.” The idea of talking about it sends a strange feeling right to my balls.
How unnecessary those doubts had been. Waiting a few weeks after kissing had made them both so needy that they exploded like a thoroughly shaken bottle of champagne. A touch here and a pinch there, and they were over each other like school boys, and before they could both wonder about liking it or not, they were satisfied beyond compare.
John opened his mouth to answer but before he was able to voice his thoughts, Moran had reached out and punched him again, more fiercely this time. But now John had seen it coming, and his painful cry was carefully controlled, its only purpose to make Moran feel in charge here. It nevertheless hurt, and he felt something hot trickle down his temple. He lowered his head and watched his own blood slowly seep into his shirt. Then he steeled himself, determined to keep the upper hand here, no matter how ugly it would get.
He was sounding so broken that John's heart clenched painfully. “Look at me, John please, look at me. I love you!”
This time, there were 113 words starting with a C that needed to be in the story. Many of them had to do with crying. Poor Sherlock!
“What if not?” he insists. “What if I am broken into so many pieces that even you can never put them together again?”
“If I really were a good man, I wouldn't still be married to the woman who shot the man I love,” John blurted out in his anger. And froze.
I spend an incalculable amount of days on the sofa, trying to resist the urge to pick up the leather box hidden underneath my bed and use what is inside.
I start another attempt to watch the full report on the crash. It has just started from the beginning. 64 victims, left engine malfunctioning, right engine turned off, co-pilot died in hospital an hour ago. Cut to the good men of the AAIB investigating, some shots of the wreck. Semi-famous survivors. The airline has a hotline. Then the report starts again. 64 victims, left engine malfunctioning, …
Or is there? I could call him (against his wish). Write to him. Send pictures of Emmi to remind him of his responsibility. Could go to Scotland myself and ...
The fact that his eyes are a bit wet makes the single tear that is running down my face (slightly) less embarrassing.
He had grown up in a sheltered, surprise-free home. His father had been loving, but very busy with his minor position in the British government, and Mummy would get a migraine over every unexpected disruption of her life. So every day was carefully planned, every inconvenience carefully avoided due to his father's influence and his mother's social involvements. Simple people would have referred to these tactics as manipulative or even cruel, but Mycroft had learned to rely on the predictability of his daily routine.
Then John is looming over him larger than life, touching his face, raising Sherlock's head so their eyes can lock. Talking, incomprehensible words. Doing something to Sherlock's belly. Darkness closing in from the rims of his vision. John face, always so expressive. Now: concerned, scared, guilty, compassionate, determined. Eyes wide open in fear.
John's eyes finally focus on me. He quickly examines my face, frowns for a second (why?), then looks straight into my eyes. “We survived,” he says again in amazement and squeezes my hand hard. I look at him, relieved that he is no longer drifting away from me.
“Not with someone else,” I clarify. “With you. Well, inner you, that is.” He is a bit slow at getting it, I cannot help but think.
“She tried to shake me off,” she finishes her cruel tale. “But my face was the last thing she saw. Trying to get away from me the last thing she did. And when her body stilled underneath my touch … That was real power.”
My wonderful beta GoSherlocked has reminded me of the fact that a fic that is tagged "hurt and comfort" does not only need hurt, but also comford. Good point! So, here is some.
and point 17 (He is vain, but only on a very basic level. Do not mention that he looks good, as that would only embarrass him. Regular approving glances are appropriate. Notwithstanding, he reacts to positive reinforcement regarding his writing skills. Praise regarding his writing skills cannot be overdone. Do not mention the speed with which he types. Do not suggest learning how to touch-type.)
I want, I need to dig deeper but the door bell disturbs us. It is only a group of islanders in costumes. (Old Tradition. Boring.) John is polite, I am rude, they all get a shot of whisky and leave. The mood between us is gone.
So when he is close to waking up, I sneak back into my bedroom. The next day, we stumble on,   pretending that we are both carrying on, pretending that there is a chance we will make it against all odds.
The coroner is an elderly woman, and if she thinks it is weird to have the victim's brother hanging around, she keeps that thought to herself. She patiently shows me his accessory spleen, which I have always wanted to see since it was discovered in 1987.
“John, I need to tell you -” he starts, and hesitates. Only for a second but John is dying so fast that he does not have any second to spare. His left hand lets go of Sherlock's shirt, falling to the ground. So Sherlock goes on quickly, “I love you!”
I am the one to feed her milk in bed today. (Another bad habit, feeding milk after brushing her teeth, but inevitable to her sleeping routine.) After drinking she tells me all about each and every kind of sweets she has had at the Stamfords and when she will eat all of that again. When I finally tuck her in and leave her room, I can hear her talking to Doggy. (She barely ever falls asleep quickly. It is more likely that we will hear her talk and chant for another hour.)
I lean down to him (and there is pain again but I don't know where) and kiss him, and the tear that is rolling down my cheek is nothing to be ashamed of. I will deny it had been there anyway should he ever mention it again.
(concerned. Scanning my face for signs of tiredness, still concerned about my welfare, everything could be fine again, has to be fine again, it was so long ago but body held extremely straight, reserved feels awkward).
John feels Sherlock move their hands once more, but can not figure out the purpose this time.  “Your shoulder gets sore if it is strained like this” Sherlock supplies the answer without being asked. Damn! When Sherlock does something selflessly nice, John's anger is very likely to subside prematurely.
Sherlock gasps for air. His entire front is in pain, burning, his body pierced with a thousand knives. He looks down his body and sees blood. So much blood. He feels dizzy, and thirsty, and he cannot force his lungs to breathe slowly. Agony is almost overriding his brain.
Then a voice breaks through the wall I erected around me within seconds. It is warm and soft and not pressuring me at all. It makes my walls crumble to dust and pushes time so it passes again.
After that, John stops talking for a long while. I steal the folder from him and study it further, while I watch him out of the corner of my eyes. She has managed to become a CIA agent, turned herself into an even more efficient killer by undergoing the CIA training. Four agents got killed during her time with the agency, but no one saw the connection.
When I have finally lost all track of time, two medics come and bring us to an ambulance. I follow them without looking back at the wreck that had once been a plane.
I would love to dwell on it but Emmi demands more presents (rightly so). Then the gift giving goes on. My parents are appropriately moved by their trip to Hamburg, then a few more presents are exchanged, and everybody is moved by one present or the other.
“Is that all right?” I have to ask, because I fail to read his expression. (Hate when that happens.)
They are always about John leaving or dying or being in pain. More than once, when he finds me standing in front of his room, I am not taking vigil over his sleep but need to check for myself that he is still there.
For a heartbeat, she thinks Sherlock is really trying to be helpful. Then her heart hardens and she reads it a third time. No, it is far from being helpful. Half of it is simply wrong, the rest is insulting or histrionic.
I try to deduce more from his text but fail (too short, too impersonal, not enough information). I do not know anything about his mood or his intention or his state of mind or his degree of sanity. Should I go to the harbour alone? Should I take Emmi? Should I buy some kind of welcome present? How deeply am I out of my depths if I seriously consider a welcome present?
My mind is dragged back into the present by something. What was it? Must have been the TV. “Breaking news”, a news ticker informs me, and the newsreader explains, “... that only eight hours after the crash landing of InterScot flight SC-304, the cockpit voice recorder has been found. Experts of the AAIB will now analyse ...”
And John (INNER JOHN!) slowly descending to the bed, laying next to me, becoming warm and loving and caring again, takes me into his arms, murmurs words of admiration into my ears, and before I can even think of leaving my mind palace I am falling asleep. Fuming inner Mary the last (wonderful) thing I see.
For the first time since smashing my violin against John's chair back at Baker Street, I am longing for a new one. The sound of my playing used to dispel his nightmares about Afghanistan. It might work again now.
So he refrained from raising his head too high, concentrating on looking just a little more broken then he really felt. Nine months under Mycroft’s observation had given him a steady routine with that. Who would have thought that would come in handy one day?
One week before Christmas Daddy declares that it is time for the men of the family to get a reasonable tree.
Davies exchanged another glance with John and nodded once more. “I'll see you tomorrow then,” he said gently, and left.
He stumbles into their living room, tells Mary all about his encounter and receives a warm embrace. Only then does he realise that he wants to, needs to, prove to himself that it has been real. So he retreats to the bedroom and calls him.
For a second, Sherlock allows himself to believe that John is hurt so much more that he thought, and this idea nearly drives Sherlock crazy instantly. With an enormous amount of will-power, he pushes this feeling back, deduces the letter more carefully. John has torn it apart. Because he has not wanted anyone to read it. Because he did not feel the things he mentioned in it. They were only written in a moment of desperation, after a sleepless night, judging from the strokes of the t.
Of course, Sherlock's endurance during cases is not only admirable, but also worrisome. No matter how much John is drawn along, no matter how willingly he stumbles after Sherlock, he never forgets to take care. Not after that one time, when Sherlock nearly collapsed in a client's barbers after following one lead or another for four days in a row.
Sherlock was engaged in a fierce discussion with Dr Davies and did not notice John at first. That gave John a moment to watch his friend. His helplessness was unnerving. He was still not able to sit up on his own, that much was clear to John's trained eyes.
And with his feelings slowly coming back to normal, John must admit that he still has feelings for Sherlock. It might no longer be a passion that is burning red-hot, leaving him with the wish to tumble to the ground while giving Sherlock the rough treatment he hopefully longs for deep inside.
We keep our (inevitable) conversation factual. Mycroft promises to work out a plan for John and GraceOrJoshua that is strongly orientated on what John wants. I state my confidence in his ability to work out a way to support me in Serbia. He informs me about the (suicide) mission, tells me all about (very rare) safe houses and (even rarer) supporters. I quip about how grateful I am that I was allowed to keep my hairstyle in prison. He sneers at my vanity in the face of danger.
Big thanks to very patient betas who didn't even mind me losing their files and hence having to correct the chapter once more.
He has to guide Sherlock to bed, not an easy task, as John himself is not completely sober. A statement that holds a certain under-exaggeration. They sway up the stairs clinging to each other and Sherlock is dropped into bed rather unceremoniously. He falls asleep within seconds, mumbling something incomprehensible. Probably about Hobbits. The sight of Sherlock on a bed sobers John enough to contemplate his life.
When Christmas comes nearer, John thinks he can no longer stand feeling broken and lost. He honestly makes plans to join the military once more, or even a monastery. But then he would have to leave London, and that would surely finish him completely. So he stays.
I wordlessly tell him that I know what he intends to do back in Scotland and that he cannot be serious and how he is about to end my life as well and that I will do anything just to keep him here.
Of course it was. No message from John, saying he was sorry. No call from John, saying he was sorry. Nothing.
He spends the third hour wondering how he could ever have believed in the “He always comes back” part.
“I need to see if the backyard is ready to face the autumn storms that are due to hit Amrum soon. Come and help me.”
Another young tired looking doctor examines me. Apparently my cheekbone is not broken but my wrist and my nose surely are. My nose is readjusted (painful!) and taped and then I am led to the X-ray room again. My wrist is fixed onto a little table-like thing, and an X-ray is taken. I am pushed into the corridor again, then into another examination room where another doctor tells me I'll need a cast after my wrist has been fixed. He grabs my arm, and before I can protest every bone is back to where it belongs. The pain sends tears down my cheeks and I cannot breathe for a moment.
This one is easy now. Because being himself is not what he wants. Because being himself scares him. Because he still believes Mary's lies.
Hear him breathe out. Feel my shirt get wet. (Blood. Warm.) He starts to tremble slightly, and I hold him even closer. Slowly start rocking him in my arms. “It's all right, I have you” my mouth keeps saying again and again.
John sinks to the ground, reads the email one more time, thinking that this is the most selfless thing Sherlock has ever done. Even more selfless than jumping off St. Bart’s. It pierces through his heart like a harpoon, leaves his head and heart swaying.
“How are you?” John asked. Apparently he was as uncertain about what to say as Sherlock was. Which for some strange reasons was comforting.
“In the beginning I thought it was coincidental” he explained, again giving his voice this faraway sound, as if talking to himself. “Whenever I had a nightmare, I would wake up to the tunes of Tchaikovsky.” Truth. “But it wasn't coincidental. He was able to predict if I would have a nightmare or not by deducing I don't know what.” Truth. “And when he saw the hints, he would stay awake for me and start playing at just the right moment.” Truth. “I always thought that there was not a more selfless way to show me his love.” Lie. One that Moran bought.
I am ushered to the showers. The same guard watches as I undress. I try to deduce if he enjoys his job more, now that I am naked, but fail. Most likely he is simply bored. I am torn between wanting to stretch my stay under the shower to maximise the time I am to spend outside my cell, and hurrying to get away from my guard's impassive observation and get dressed again. I cannot make up my mind, so I simply wait until he tells me to finish.
The meal is good, so is the beer. We are both a bit tipsy when we leave for the little club I researched on the Internet. Going to a club is not what we usually do, but John insisted on dancing and I do not see him in a ballroom.
(knew Seb was observing us one way or another, probably the camera in the kitchen I couldn't match to someone yet)
Sherlock needs to rewrite his mental street maps of London. Too many changes, too many new construction sites. While he remodels his mental map, he passes almost every important street on feet. He knows it will take time. Lots of time. If there is a road to rapid recovery, it must be the opposite of the roads he is taking.
How do I tell him that I left because I could not stand the simple fact that everything will change soon (without mentioning that I love him)? Thought about it all night, knowing he would demand an answer to that question. Been so lost at finding a suitable line that I even did the unspeakable. Didn't help. Made him swear to never mention the fact that I showed up at his house in the wee hours of the morning, looking for brotherly consolation (and actually finding it. Embarrassing!).
John wakes up in the morning and for a moment he wonders what is wrong. Then he realises that for the first time in about a month he was not woken by Sherlock having a terrible nightmare.
The fourth day is nearly identical. I have breakfast. Calculate the bricks in the wall and delete the result. Have lunch. Forecast the weather. Do my workout. Take a shower. Mycroft shows up again. He brings along Stratego again. We play four matches. I win the last. He leaves. I have dinner. Go to bed. Lie awake until a restless sleep overpowers me. I don't speak.
For some reason Sherlock's mind replays a line of a song he was forced to listen to when they renovated the flat. “I want him in my house, 'cause he's my home” his brain sings, and for a second Sherlock would be ready to admit that pop music does have a certain truth in it.
Sherlock is absolutely unaware of the effect he has on the elves. When he needs a prop to solve the case, he commands one of them: “Give me the elastic band off your ...” Both he and John start to blink rapidly when the young elf reaches for his pants. “... feather headdress.” Sherlock concludes drily, completely ignoring the embarrassing half-dressed state the elf is in now.
Oops, that turned out a bit more heartbreaking than I thought, but fortunately we all know that the plane will turn around soon.
It was kind of a shame to watch Sebastian ruining the entire torture simply because he had not known that John had been fully aware of Sherlock's plans. “He didn't just leave you grieving for him, John, he also made you feel guilty because you thought you had failed to prevent it.” Mycroft heard him hiss, and the good doctor obediently looked completely devastated. Sherlock's eyes started to gleam with pride.
John shifts his back a little. His back hurts from sitting on the ground for more than one hour now and he fears that the left-sided lumbago he had last year could be coming back. Sherlock instantly moves accordingly, stretches and twists a little, and within seconds John's back is better. His heart melts along with the pain in his back.
(I don't know how long they stayed. I lost complete track of the time. I was too busy trying and failing to deduce the easiest things while trying to communicate without talking.)
