But Castiel knows what he has to do. God’s will. Stop Armageddon before it starts.
I just say, “But I can’t do that,” and I drain his grace, Jack’s grace, the grace I’d just shoved down inside him, until the light in his eyes goes dark.
The minute, the second, Castiel can taste Dean, everything else disappears, fades into the feeling of Dean’s t-shirt brushing against his bare skin, into the feeling of Dean biting into his bottom lip. When they used to do this, when he was an angel, when he would let Dean drop to his knees in seclusion, when he would pretend that Dean was only praying to him as he swallowed him whole, Castiel could still force himself to say no, to deny Dean some Biblical consummation of their sin.
I turn my eyes up to him, “I won’t hurt Cas.”
“Someone else?” Castiel shifts against his seat. Maybe, there’s nothing going on here. Maybe, this really is just some place where people go to talk or screw or whatever, when they need something more than what they have. Maybe he shouldn’t be having this conversation. Maybe saying all this, is what he’s needed for so long. “We’ve both been with other—people. But we always find a way back to each other. Or I just always find my way back to him, I don’t know. But the things we do, I don’t know what they mean, if he knows what it means to me.”
“You can call it that. Or you can stay here, and, eventually, you’ll turn, just like Castiel. You already know that though, don’t you?”
Dried leaves crumble below Castiel’s footsteps as his eyes turn to Dean’s across the moon-reflecting car roof.
And then I go back for more.
“What? Sorry. Yeah, maybe.” Castiel shifts his body back toward Dean.
“Right, I’ll bring her back to you. In some new world we create. A world without Sam and Dean Winchester.” Chuck runs his fingers through his beard, taps his fingers on the arm of his chair. “All you have to do is help me now…help me end this. All the other Sams and all the other Deans, it always ends the same for them. You can help me make that happen. You can help me fix the one thing, that makes this world different than the others, the one thing that keeps coming back, that’s not supposed to be here.”
“In the car last night—this morning—you said you wanted to run away from your father. You said you wanted to run away here, because it would be hard to find you. Why did you want to come here?” Castiel folds the napkin that’s crumbled on the table in front of him into shrinking triangles.
Dean had been discharged from the hospital upon his own lies. He had managed to convince some barely-a doctor that he felt fine, that he was stable. But every part of him aches, and he can still feel Alastair’s hands around his throat, he can still feel consciousness, life, leaving his body.
Jack sits down across from him, and says, “Do you feel like something is missing from inside you? Like there’s a part of you, that’s supposed to be there, and it’s just gone? But you don’t miss it?”
“Ruby?”
Instead, Castiel slides his hand down into his pants, letting the zipper fall open against his knuckles. And he wraps his hand around himself, still focused on Dean, and he pumps his wrist, slowly at first, and then at the same pace that Dean’s body moves against Lisa’s. He tightens his fingers, until it almost hurts, pretends he’s inside Dean, pretends that it’s his mouth moving down Dean’s neck.
Sam is almost relieved, as he says, “If we win, somehow…if we survive….and if we bring everyone back, if we bring Eileen back, I’m out. For good. I’m done. Let someone else fight the vampires and the ghouls. Because I know that, if I don’t get out now, I never will, and I’m not dying for this. And you shouldn’t either.”
“Do we really need the soundtrack?” Sam leans against the front of the Impala.
“And what if it does? What if you’re nothing to him?” She stands up, her boots heavy against the floor, the gold chain around her neck reflecting tiny glimmers of light, and she takes Castiel by the arm, pulls him up until he’s standing against her.
“Okay,” Dean exhales, his breath visible in the air in front of him. “I suck at this.  But, ever since I was four years-old, and I carried you out of that house, Sammy, all I’ve ever known was this life. This life, where you’ve covered in blood, until someday, you’re dead in your own. And all I’ve ever been told was that I was good at it, that I’m nothing but a killer.” He pauses and looks over at Castiel and closes his eyes. “But that’s not me. And it never was. And even now, now that it’s all over, all this does is remind me of what I was told I had to be. Not anymore.”
He sits up, puts his hands around my neck, and brings me back down onto the table next to him, our legs twisted around each other. And I need him to tell me everything is okay, and instead he just kisses me, his tongue wandering along the roof of my mouth.
He sprinkles them across the edges of an oasis of browning grass, across a decaying tree bark.
“You didn’t. But I understand why Dean, why he wanted me to kill Chuck. I understand everything now, I think. And I’m ready to just…start over, to be human, with my family, with you.”
She keeps screaming, in the hall, throws something in his face, says, “I’ll kill you.” She turns her face into Castiel’s. “Good luck, I guess.”
“Whatever,” she says. “Maybe you should tell him, that this really isn’t what you’re into. Or, maybe, tell him what you are into.”
In the shadows of the smoke, someone, something moves toward him.
Dean opens the door, holding a beer, the white t-shirt underneath his flannel shirt still stained with dirt and blood. This is it, Castiel assumes, the minute he finally has to face everything, the minute Dean tells him that he only loves him as a brother, a friend, confirms what he’s thought all along.
In the glass-panel windows that line the back of the house, Sam can see Crowley, doing whatever the fuck he thinks will help them find Lucifer. And Sam can’t stand the sight of him, can’t stand that, less than an hour ago, Sam’s mouth was pressed against Crowley’s skin, that Sam had let Crowley’s blood engulf him.
I climb onto him, my trench coat shrouding his body as he pulls me closer by my collar, and our lips touch along the edges of my tie. I ask him if he’s sure, if he’s okay, undoing my belt, unzipping my pants. He nods and turns onto his side. I press my chest into his back, my arm around him. He leads my hand down, he folds my fingers around him, and he leans his head back into my shoulder as I slowly rotate my wrist.
“I didn’t save the world,” Dean turns his face up to Castiel's. “I thought Sam was gone. I thought the world was gone. I only prayed to save you.”
Castiel holds the journal between his fingers and tears out pages covered in symbols and phone numbers, “This is for Heaven, and all the angels who were lost in every fall, in every apocalypse.” He passes it to Eileen.
“Did you like it?” Castiel bends forward, so he can see Dean speak, instead of watching his stomach move up and down as he breathes against Castiel’s skin. “That woman tonight, she didn’t like it, she didn’t want to be there.”
Castiel slides his finger over the screen of his phone, to the blue-and-gray bubbles of conversations between himself and Dean. He wants Dean to come back here, to forget about the monsters, to forget about everything, except for how Dean likes it when Castiel bends him over the edge of some cheap hotel dresser. Except for how Dean lets his eyes drift blankly up to the reflection of their sin in some dirty mirror, when he thinks Castiel doesn’t realize his gaze, when he thinks Castiel isn’t watching the same reflection with the same vacant ecstasy.
Most of them—Candace, Cynthia, one whose name he can’t even remember—they never meant anything to him. Not really. He just likes the power. He likes knowing that they’ll laugh at his jokes, that they’ll tell him how good it feels when he fucks them, that they’ll kiss him good-bye. Because he’s one of the most powerful attorneys at the firm. Because they have to. Because they have mortgages or law school loans to pay, kids to feed. Because they know he can take it all away in a second.
“What happened? What happened to Cas?” he sits down across from me, moving the whiskey bottle out of my reach.  “Cas… he disappeared?”
“Neither can I,” Castiel says. “I can’t remember anything, right now, except that I can’t let you stop me from saving this world.” He slips his tie off, slips his belt off, and pushes Dean back onto the bed. And he crawls over Dean, letting the fabric of his trenchcoat run along all of Dean’s bare skin.
Castiel can feel Dean, everywhere, every part of Dean, along his stomach and between his legs, and there’s nothing else that Castiel has ever wanted more, than to have Dean inside him, to let Dean have him over and over in ways that Castiel knows are forbidden by Heaven and Earth. But he knows the consequences for Dean, the way the angels would never forget or forgive such blasphemy.
He looks up at me, blood still smeared all over his face, “But I need you, for this, I can’t exorcise you.”
Make it stop, make it stop, make it stop, a voice shrieks from the darkness. I’m in the middle of nothing, lying on an endless black road to nowhere.
Sam waits for the King of Hell in a hotwired minivan with a Smith Center Elementary School sticker on its bumper and a hundred, or a thousand, Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers stuffed into the backseat cushions. He presses his face down into the steering wheel, lets himself start to drift toward sleep. The all-night drive from Lebanon to Dallas was something like fifteen, sixteen hours. Fifteen, sixteen hours he’d spent alone. Fifteen, sixteen hours he’d spent thinking of all the people Lucifer had killed, in Los Angeles. Thinking about how all of it, Lucifer walking free, is his fault.
“Amara?” Jack’s breath evaporates into the air in front of him.
“You don’t look so good, Sam.” Crowley stands up from the chair, stands over him.
And he wants to taste all of Dean, every part of Dean, before his grace manages to seep back through his body, before he’s plagued by a Heaven that’s already exiled him.
“Cas, what are you talking about?” Dean reaches his arm out to Castiel. “I need you to make me feel okay. You’re the only one who can. Even now. Even when I don’t know what’s happening to you.”
And Dean is tired of late-night wound-supply shopping. Tired of buying gauze and medical tape and bandages. Things he’s been buying since he was seven, maybe eight, years-old, to clean his father up when he’d come back, bloody and broken, from some hunt. Things normal people don’t buy at almost midnight.
Dean backs away from him, rocking himself backward and then standing up against the peeling wallpaper. “Screw you. How do we stop this?”
Even here, I used to be able to feel my grace. But, now, I’m empty. For so long, my powers have been failing. At first, I had thought it was all because of Chuck. That Chuck was stealing my powers away so I wouldn’t be useful to Sam and Dean, so they’d discard me the way Chuck had always said they would.
He slides off Castiel’s body, dragging Castiel up toward him, letting his lips linger on Castiel’s. And this is all he wants, all he’s wanted for so long, but he’s trembling, against Castiel. And he’s done this so many times before, with so many people, and he’d let them use him. Let them misuse him, but this is different.
He closes his eyes, pretends Castiel is closing his eyes, pretends Castiel is unconscious with sleep. And Dean pretends that, in the silence, he can finally say it.
The walls of Heaven are blinding. A woman in a suit rises from her desk. She’s a vague memory to Castiel, and he turns his face down, and he struggles to feign shame, regret, for what he’s doing. Before the Apocalypse, before he lost his mind, before the Leviathan, before Purgatory, Castiel would wonder what his ultimate and infinite punishment might be, for Dean. He knows now that it’s this, it’s Naomi.
“I know.” Dean stares down into the empty trunk, at the broken devil’s trap, at the end of everything he’s ever known, and he slams it shut.  It’s over, all over.
There were a thousand nights Dean thought about doing what they’d just done here, in his unmade bed, in the middle of the end of the world. There were a thousand nights he convinced himself that this couldn’t, shouldn’t happen. And there were a thousand times he told himself that it had to be his secret. But Dean’s eyes drift over to Castiel’s. “Yes.”
Castiel steps on the gas, letting his fingers tighten along the tearing leather of the steering wheel.
And Lucifer has moved on from the vessels of almost-forgotten hair-metal burnouts to megalomanic bankers. People who have everything, people who get everything, people who can take everything they want. And Sam doesn’t know how to stop him, he doesn’t even have a plan, he just knows that Crowley told him to meet him here.
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean walks to the Impala, standing outside the driver’s side door, running his fingers along the handle to the door. He looks back, at the charred corpse of the life he’s known, the life he thought was his fate.
“Because, whatever happens here tonight, whatever we do, it doesn’t change anything, right?” Castiel stands, pushing Dean back down onto the mattress. “And I can’t, won’t, do that with you and pretend it just means nothing, even if it means nothing to you.”
Dean lets himself collapse on the pillow next to Castiel. He closes his eyes, and lets his lips move against Castiel’s ear. “I love you, Castiel.”
“What does that mean? Just bring everyone back,” Dean tries to stand, tries to let an unconscious Sam slide onto the ground, but Amara bends down next to him, wrapping her fingers around his arm.
I would have let him have whatever, whatever it is he wanted.
“Don’t do this,” Dean says. “Don’t do this to me, if you’re going to make me be the one to stop you, the one who has to stop what you’re trying to do.” His hands untangle from Castiel’s hair and he watches Castiel lets his feet fall back off the mattress, watches as Castiel stands beside the bed, over him.
Dean has barely said a word to Castiel, since Castiel had told him, since Castiel had shown him, that he had always intended to abandon Dean. That Castiel had let Dean escape from Purgatory with nothing but the guilt of failing him. That Castiel had released himself from Dean’s grip as Dean tried to drag him through the blaring portal to Earth. That Castiel believed he deserved to languish there forever. Dean pretends that this fury he feels inside him is born of betrayal, but he knows he’s just lying to himself.
“Okay,” Eileen leans back against the seat and runs her fingers along the steering wheel. “I think I get it.”
And he shouldn’t be here, watching Dean beg for him with his head in his hands, and he shouldn’t be answering Dean’s prayer. But he doesn’t know how to stop himself. All he really knows is that Dean Winchester is his doorway to doubt.
The almost-dawn traffic is building on the road in front of them, and Castiel slows to a near-stop. “I haven’t been to New York in a long, long time.”
Castiel tells himself that he wants this, because Dean wants him to want this. He tells himself, that every time her lips touch his, he isn’t just imagining what this would be like if it were Dean, all over him, Dean, trying to drag him into bed.
He turns himself so that he’s facing Dean, and pulls him into the running water, soaking him, drenching his clothes. He pulls Dean’s t-shirt halfway up his stomach as he presses him into the wall, shoves his tongue past Dean’s lips. He holds Dean  against the cracked bathroom tiles, shoves his body up against Dean’s. Dean’s jeans, saturated with water, chafe against his bare skin.
Castiel drags Dean through the ice, through the wasteland of souls seeking vengeance. He drags him back through the fire. Castiel carries Dean, even though he’s being hunted, chased, by hungry demons. He carries Dean even though everyone, everything around him is trying to tear them apart. Even though everyone, everything, is trying to pull Dean away from him, trying to pull Dean back into the depths of the flames.
“You’re free. All of you.” Amara turns to Jack, whispers into his ear, and then she vanishes, and Ruby vanishes, and Dean puts his head into his hands, and falls forward over Sam.
Castiel turns his face into Dean’s, kisses him where the skin on forehead his meets his hair that’s still wet with bathroom-sink water. Dean’s arm slips over Castiel, over his stomach, and he closes his eyes. Castiel feels warm against him and he lets himself push it all down, to the back of his mind, to the back of somewhere else. All of it, Lucifer, the things he wants to say to Castiel, the things he wants to say to everyone. Dean swallows it, shoves it down just below the surface of the places in his brain he’ll expose to Castiel, only to Castiel. Just below the surface, where it can all still escape into the dreams that plague him.
And the things Castiel used to think about sometimes, the things that angels were never supposed to think about, are now things he can’t stop thinking about, that he wants, that he needs more than anything.
“Cas?” Dean tells himself that Sam hasn’t figured this all out, that Sam really doesn’t know about all of the things that happen on the other side of the bunker walls.
“I don’t need an apology.” Dean pulls himself onto his back, and he runs his tongue from Castiel’s ear to Castiel’s throat to Castiel’s mouth. And, from against Castiel’s lips, Dean watches Castiel’s chest, as it moves up and down, as his breath strains to recover.
“The pictures, the clothes, the stuff on their phones, all of it?” Dean sits up, the front of his shirt is wet, whiskey stains almost invisible on the black cotton.
“Okay.”
He pulls at the collar of his shirt, moving it down just enough for him to see the empty skin where his anti-possession tattoo had been. It had healed, disappeared, when Sam had done the angel spell. And now, there’s no reason for him to get a new one, no reason because all the demons are gone.
“Dean, I’m sorry, I had to.” Castiel forces Dean to turn towards him.
“I don’t think I was meant to be anything.”
“What did you tell me that time? That…I’m always the something that goes wrong?” Castiel puts his head down, letting the water pour across him. “I’m afraid it will be worse, like this. You should have left me in the Empty. That’s where my story was supposed to end.”
But he can hear Castiel, mumbling, his voice filled with muted terror. Dean forces himself off the floor, back to the bed, back to Castiel. “Cas?” He puts his hand on Castiel’s shoulder, shakes him. “Cas, it’s okay.”
“It’s Sarah.” She slides backward, to his knees, legs hanging down on both sides of Castiel’s, her heels tap against the floor. “I don’t know why I just told you that. I’ve never told anyone here that.”
But it keeps laughing. “What are you? Not an Angel of the Lord. And you can’t stay here.”
“What do you need?” Castiel asks, his mouth against Dean’s ear.
“I’ll bring everyone back. But the vampires and the witches and the werewolves, those were Chuck’s creations, and if there are still monsters in closets and under beds, I know you’ll never give up on this life. So some will come back human, and some will stay locked away.” She snaps her fingers in the air, and the sounds of life, of traffic moving miles away, of an airplane somewhere in the clouds, rush through the atmosphere. “Maybe this isn’t what you want, but it’s what you need.”
The picture frames buried in a dresser drawer, underneath tank tops and sweatpants. The flannel shirts shoved into the corner of the closet, behind dresses and jackets and jeans. The grease-streaked worn work boots hidden among a pile of wedge sandals. Castiel throws everything into a black plastic garbage bag, watching as the photographs he’d ripped in half, and then into tiny pieces, slowly rain from his fingers into the trash.
Jack nods, “I think I’m happy, for the first time, maybe ever. There isn’t this burden, hanging over me. Actually, there were so many burdens…killing God, your deal with the Empty….and now, all of that is over. But I’m also really scared, Cas. I don’t know how to be a three-year-old in the body of a twenty-year-old or whatever. What do I do, Cas? I don’t know how to be human, not really.”
Castiel’s shoulders are still wet with Dean’s saliva. There are teeth marks on Castiel’s back, evidence of Dean’s attempt to silence himself as he finished.
Eileen brushes her arm into his. “You don’t. And this doesn’t mean it’s going to work out. But you and me, we’ve been hunters since we were kids, we don’t know anything else—and now, you’re telling me that everything, all those monsters, are just gone? So, I don’t really know what that means for me, or you. And I don’t know who we are anymore, if we aren’t hunters, but maybe we can figure that out together.”
“No it’s—okay.” Dean sits up against the back of the chair, lets his eyes search the faces of the people sitting at the tables around them, like any of them would care about what he’s about to say. “When it was just me and my Dad, hunting, sometimes he would blame me for Sam leaving. He would blame me for everything, actually. Hunts that went wrong. People he couldn’t save.”
“Still fighting with him all the time? But still doing this with him? Why?”
“You can do this, Sammy. You always do,” Dean says, and he knows the words coming out of his mouth are nothing but lies.
“I can’t,” Dean slips away from him to the other side of the room, sinking down into the bed. “Just fix me. Just make it all go away. Do something, Cas. This happened because of you.”
“Dean and I, you know we had a thing, once.” Crowley puts his feet up on the coffee table. “Castiel and I did too, sort of. That was more of a mutual hate-fuck type thing.”
“No one but Sam,” In the darkness, I kneel down next to Cas, pull him up towards me. His eyes open, barely and he opens his mouth, but he can’t seem to get any words out, and he drops his hand into mine. His fingers fall in between mine.
Castiel pulls Dean’s face up to his own. “I just want you.”
Last night, they had saved the Earth. Last night, they had ended God. But tonight, all Dean wants, is Castiel, over and over, until it hurts, until something makes sense again.
“You made a deal, that you would be taken forever once you were happy,” Jack watches the light flicker over their heads. “But you’re free now, you can be happy…are you?”
“I did—I do—deserve to be there,” Castiel’s eyes fall from Dean’s. “For letting the Leviathans loose, for all the things I did while working with Crowley, for causing the deaths of hundreds, maybe thousands, of angels, for—”
Castiel finds Dean in Bobby Singer’s guest room. The walls are gray and bare, and there’s nothing on the bed except a white pillow and a red plaid blanket that’s tangled around Dean’s feet. Dean drops a nearly-half-empty bottle of something onto the floor, and a puddle of amber-colored liquid streams from its glass mouth.
“Then just tell me you’ll stop, stop trying to gather souls," Dean wraps his fingers around Castiel’s wrist.
The faded black t-shirt and jeans ripped along the left knee that Castiel is wearing, are borrowed from Dean. “Take them off,” Dean says, pulling at Castiel’s clothes, his lips touching Castiel’s as he speaks.
Dean falls back onto his knees and a small gasp of wind carries the ashes up into the air before dropping them back onto the Earth around him. “I can’t do this, Cas,” Dean says, the bag, empty, blowing away from him, down the narrow road of water that doesn’t seem to have a beginning or an end.
Dean drags Castiel closer, until Castiel’s body is almost on top of his. “What are we doing?” Castiel asks.
“You’re no Rowena,” I say, slamming one book closed and picking up another.
“Yeah, I want it,” Dean says, standing at the edge of the fire. The way Jack positioned the branches, pointing up towards Heaven, it reminds him of every hunter’s funeral, everyone they’ve lost. It reminds him of everything he wants to forget now, everything he needs to let go.
Castiel drops down to the ground next to him, pressing himself against the decaying body of a Dodge Challenger. “I heard your prayer.”
“Where were you?” Dean lifts himself onto his elbows.
They could both die; both Dean and Jack, if I fuck this up. And then it would be just me, on an abandoned Earth. Chuck would get bored fast. Then I’d be dead too. And then Chuck could tear down this world and destroy it, and there would be nothing, no world for Eileen, to return to, even if I could bring her back.
Dean doesn’t know if Castiel will still want him, like this, when he finally realizes that he’s nothing now, no one. Lost in a world where his perfect ending left him worthless.
Dean takes Castiel by the wrist, pulls Castiel’s hand into his hips, folds Castiel’s fingers around him as he moves his own body along Castiel’s grip. Castiel doesn’t know what he’s doing, if he’s doing this right, if he should be doing this at all, but all he can do is watch Dean, watch Dean’s mouth as he breathes, gasps against the air. He turns his face into Dean’s, finding his lips again, lets Dean moan into his mouth.
“Boyfriend?” She picks a pebble up off the sidewalk and throws it across the ground.
“I’m just giving you what you, and Sam, and Castiel, and Jack deserve. A world that you don’t need to save. A world without the supernatural.”
“Yeah,” Castiel turns his eyes up toward the ceiling. There’s a clock hanging above the cracking doorway, its hands frozen at 11:05. Somewhere, in the past, the clock had watched over the family that lived here, a family with 2.5 kids and a white picket fence, and now its dead face stares down at Castiel, telling him, reminding him, it’s almost all over. He looks down at Dean, spread out by his feet, knees bent, shirt pulling away from his jeans. His hand slides up inside the leg of Castiel’s pants. Castiel turns his face back to the bourbon bottle. He reads the Government Warning three times before he says, “I guess, until recently, I never really understood why humans are always so willing to do anything, pay anything, just to be touched.”
I call out to him. Cas. Cas. Cas. No answer.
And Castiel has witnessed, the punishment, the retribution, cast down on those who wanted, who tried, to lay with angels.
Castiel moves his lips to Dean’s ear, “No.”
“New York is like a day’s drive away, are you sure you want us gone that long?” Dean stands from the table, tightening the tie of his robe around him. A day. A day alone in the car with Castiel. A day to spend in awkward silence, a day to spend trying not to start a conversation about what they are, to each other, after years of this. A day for Dean to convince himself that Castiel feels the same way he does. A day for Castiel to tell Dean that he could never feel the same.
“No. I mean, I don’t know.” He looms over me, blocking out the sky. My entire body aches, all of the angel grace gone, everything gone, except the feeling of Sam yanking me forward and Cas’ hand still loosely dangling in mine. “What if Ruby…can help?”
“Everything. It means everything to me,” Castiel says. “But I’m afraid it means nothing to him.”
I escape her, escape to the bathroom. I wash the blood off my face. It’s in my hair and on the collar of my shirt. The reflection in the mirror reminds me of another version of myself, a version I thought could never come back.
And the Earth is mine.
Dean is still yanking at Castiel’s collar, and Castiel’s fingers are embedded in Dean’s arms, and Castiel pretends that, in whatever far away corner of Heaven or Hell that’s watching them, it looks like he tried to resist Dean Winchester, before he finds Dean’s mouth again, with his own. Before Castiel, half graceless and half drunk, lets Dean drop down in front of him, fingers dangling off Castiel’s as he tilts his head back. “Last night on Earth, right?”
“But you were, and Dean, he ruined all that for you. If you come with me though, after I’m done here, we can go to the Empty, get your grace back…destroy this world and start all over. We can create worlds together, Jack. Worlds better than this one. I’m over this world. I’m over Sam and Dean. I’m over what’s going on behind those closed doors right now.”
“Get over it, Sam, it was a long time ago.” I tell him, backing away from his body. “Anyway, it’s not like I was ever a big fan of God.”
Dean leans back in his seat, and runs his hand along his shoulder, pulling back the fabric of his robe just enough for Sam to see the pattern of red marks, bite marks, or something, that cut across Dean’s skin. And he’s tired, of feigning ignorance or obliviousness, of the all the things he’s heard and all the things he’s seen, and all the things he knows and all the things he lets Dean and Castiel believe are unknown. “You know, you should take Cas. I’m going to stay here. I need to keep looking for Lucifer.”
The inside of Dean’s mouth is warm and wet around him, and Castiel reaches down, pulls at material on Dean’s t-shirt, dragging the sleeve up onto Dean’s shoulder. He rests his fingers along the dissipating outline of his own handprint, burned into Dean’s flesh the moment he pulled him out of Hell, the handprint that has faded, healed, little by little, every time Dean took his grace.
And Dean doesn’t know, doesn’t understand, why Castiel is standing here, saying that he needed to come back to him with a win, or why Castiel is trying to shove the cassette tape that they’d fucked to eight times in the back of the Impala in his face, and he pretends not to realize they’re on the edge of disaster. “Great. And I’d like a beer.”
“You already know,” Castiel says.
Sam’s voice is distant over a bad cell phone connection, but Dean understands every word he’s saying. The spell, the one that caused the angels to fall, its irreversible. There’s no going back. And Dean knows he can’t tell Castiel that all of the damage, all of the destruction, that Castiel brought upon Heaven, is eternal.
“Not even for your mother? Not even so that you could be with her?”
“I guess that’s something we have to work on together, because I don’t either,” Castiel takes a bite of the sandwich; there’s too much jelly and it drips down, out of the bread, onto the plate.
And Castiel’s silence confirms to Dean what he always knew, confirms that Castiel can never feel, can never want, what Dean wants. Confirms that whatever it is they’re doing, here, doesn’t mean anything to Castiel. Doesn’t mean what Dean wants it to mean.
But I let my lips drift across his collarbone, down past the black ink of the tattoo on his chest, down past scars and yellowing bruises, until I’m on my knees and my face is buried between his legs. I have no idea what I’m doing as I take him into my mouth. He squirms against me, and I slide my hand up between his body and the wall.
“For you.” Castiel turns his face down to the ground. “For never regretting you.”
And he drives until he doesn’t know where he is, until he’s in the middle of oblivion. Until all he can see is the black haze of the somewhere-in-Kansas night.
And it hurts, until Dean tells himself that this is maybe the best, maybe all, they’ll ever have. That this is all he deserves, for everything he’s done. And, finally, the feeling of Castiel’s body slamming into his, the feeling of Castiel ramming against his insides is all Dean needs, wants to feel. All he wishes he could feel forever.
Everything is awake. The darkness is filled with the screams of thousands, maybe millions, of dead angels and demons and reapers.
I drink until everything goes black.
Silence always follows. Silence, while Dean folds his hands around Castiel’s arms, keeping his body locked inside them. Silence, while Castiel’s lips move along Dean’s neck. And the silence is different than it used to be. This silence used to be confusing, filled with avoidance, doubt. But, now, it’s a silence filled with the sound of Dean’s body breaking away from Castiel’s, lying on the floor beside him, his eyes dropping to Castiel’s and staying there. A silence that one of them always waits for the other to break.
And Castiel lets himself pretend, lets himself believe, that any of this means something to Dean. That he didn’t hear Dean fail at giving Jo the same last night on Earth speech that Castiel had given into once. Castiel lets himself pretend, that he isn’t just letting Dean use him.
“Of course you can,” Castiel moves the dish away from him. “I would like that too.”
“I’ll come with you.” Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist, as he tries to pull Dean back toward him.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “We’re done. We saved the world, for good. We won. I don’t know, what we do now. But we won.”
“No. No it wasn’t like that.” I lift my forehead up enough to be able to speak. “Billie…she was trying to kill me, she wanted me dead. She cornered us. Cas summoned the Empty…. he had a deal with the Empty.”
“I let you hurt me,” Castiel brings his own body up to Dean’s, dizzy, aching. “Because, like this, I can’t feel whatever it is that tells me this is wrong.”
But in the midst of a frozen hellscape, Castiel has failed.
“I know. I’m not saying I’m going to let you kill me all the way,” I lean forward on the bed, until my mouth almost touches his. “But I’d let you take me right to the edge……and then bring me back.”
And, maybe, Dean would have been fine with that, months, weeks, ago. To finally have a way out of this life, this life where he was nothing but a killer, no different than all of the monsters and demons he butchered. But he’s tired, of giving everything to everyone, of always being the one to save the world. To be the one who raised Sam when his own father abandoned them night after night. To be the one who sacrifices everything, every time, for everyone else. So everyone else can be safe, happy, something like that.
Ruby slides the blade that Castiel had given her, back at the Bunker, from the inside of her jacket. She had told him that he was insane, for giving this to her, for trusting her. But then he had said that, maybe she was right all along, and maybe the two of them really aren’t that different. And she’s the only one with a chance, the only one who can maybe fight God. And Chuck doesn’t care about her, he’s too fixated on Sam and Dean, and everything else. And he doesn’t realize she’s behind him, waiting, the angel blade reflecting the blood-red color of the sky onto the whitening grass, pink shadows on the ground in front of her.
Castiel turns, toward Dean, from across the bed. “I don’t want to talk about this. I don’t want to talk about angels or Heaven. I don’t want to talk about why I couldn’t stay with you and Sam.”
“The demon blood? Of course it was. Coming to Texas, for this, with you, was a mistake.” Sam runs his fingers along the cold metal beneath him. “Everything we do, all of us, it’s a mistake, right?”
And he reminds himself again, reminds himself because he can never forget, “Castiel’s dead. All the way dead. Because of you.”
But Dean is a million miles away, running through Hell, running through Purgatory. Alone, afraid, hurt. And they reach for him, tearing at his body, trying to rip him apart piece by piece. Things he can’t see, things he can only feel, things that want to break him into nothing. He can feel their fingers, their claws, wet and sharp, inside of him.
Dean grips Castiel’s shoulders, backs Castiel’s body away from his. Castiel’s throat tightens—he can’t stop now, not like this. He watches the way the water drips down Dean’s face, from his hair, down his cheeks, into his mouth, and he moves forward to kiss him again, but Dean stops him, putting his hand over his lips. “Not here,” he says, turning off the faucet.
But he spent all day dressed-up as an FBI agent at a morgue and behind the yellow-tape of some crime scene and at the house of the fifth so-called animal-attack victim this forsaken town has seen this week. And he spent all day, trying not to think about Dean finding him back here, Dean still covered in the sweat and blood of a slaughtered vampire nest, Dean still high on adrenaline and fear. All day, trying not to think about having Dean on these worn-out sheets that probably haven’t been washed since the last people who screwed themselves into unconsciousness in this $50-a-night room in some lost part of Upstate New York.
“Depends on how much they were willing to pay,” Dean reaches for the bottle that’s still lying in Castiel’s lap, and tosses it aside when he realizes all the bourbon is gone. “It was mostly when Sam first left Stanford. You know, he needed to eat. Hustling pool and credit card fraud only gets you so far.”
She knows this won’t kill Chuck, but maybe, it will hurt him enough, slow him down. But she doesn’t know why she’s saving Dean Winchester, and she doesn’t why she wants to save him.
I can’t let myself do this.
The noise, the sounds of torment and torture, 40 years of Hell all over again.
“We shouldn’t, not now,” Castiel can taste the cheap beer all over Dean’s mouth, and he wants nothing more, nothing else, than to have Dean, right here, right now, all over this counter that’s still covered in dirty dishes and spilled alcohol. “Not now.”
“It doesn’t matter.” It’s only hours now, before it’s all over for Castiel. Before Raphael ends him, forever. Only hours, that he has left with Dean.
Castiel reads their text messages, the mundane ones from long ago, Lisa asking Dean to pick up size 2 diapers for the niece she was babysitting, asking Dean what he was making for dinner. The frantic ones, Lisa asking Dean if he was okay, asking Dean to respond as soon as some hunt was over. The ones where Lisa told Dean that she couldn’t expose Ben to this, Dean’s life, anymore. The ones where Dean tried to tell her he was sorry, for everything. The middle-of-the-night ones with shadowy pictures taken in mirrors, of body parts and skin, the ones with detailed descriptions of what Lisa would do to Dean, for Dean, when they were together again. The ones where Dean responded to her in ways, with words, identical to the ways and words Dean had once responded to Castiel. Identical to words Dean had once mumbled into Castiel’s mouth.
“How?” Sam asks.
I owe him this, I owe him Cas.
LiasionNY
“Isn’t this enough?” Castiel kneels down on the floor, so that he can watch Dean, watch his body squirm, watch the way his lips hang open as he gasps for air. “Isn’t it enough, that I can make you feel like this without laying a hand on you?”
“That isn’t what I meant,” Dean slides himself up, covering Castiel in his shadow. His hand brushes against Castiel’s on the floor and all the whiskey, and all the angel grace, filling Dean’s insides convince him that what he’s about to do, what he wants to do, what he thinks Castiel needs, isn’t sacrilege. He climbs onto Castiel, straightening Castiel’s knees against the floor, spreading his legs over Castiel’s hips. He tangles his fingers around the collar of Castiel’s shirt, and drags him up against the wall, drags Castiel up between his legs. Pulling Castiel closer to him, into his chest, his hands still wrapped in the wrinkled folds of Castiel’s clothes, his breath can’t escape, anywhere, except into Castiel’s mouth.
He stands only a few feet in front of me, arms stretched to his sides, the cuts on his palms healing, the bruises on his face fading. He reaches out and grabs my wrist, and he tells me that, if he can’t do this, if he can’t bring Cas back, he’s never coming back. If he can’t do this, he just wants to rot in the Empty, rot forever with Castiel. “No deals, no resurrection, promise me.”
“Not tonight, I think I’m too weak,” Castiel wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist, pulling Dean’s hand away. “I think that if I give in to you right now, I might be worthless to you forever.”
“It’s over now, and it doesn’t matter,” Dean says.
Dean finds his gun underneath his pillow, knowing it would be useless against Castiel, knowing he would never pull the trigger even if it wasn’t. “What the hell, Cas?”
“I like this world,” I sit up straight in my chair. “And I don’t want to destroy it, and I don’t want you to destroy it. I just want you to bring everyone back.”
“No one has to know,” Dean mumbles against Castiel’s mouth.
“Dead.” I drop back onto my knees. Everything is getting louder. I think I have a headache. Something like that.
“I get it,” Dean says. Because he knows, maybe better than anyone, that sometimes, it’s easier to let what you want to say, what you need to say, go unspoken. Because the consequences of saying it might be worse than the burden of keeping silent.
And somewhere, Lucifer is free. Somewhere, Lucifer is pretending to be some poor bastard’s dead husband or wife or girlfriend or boyfriend, asking to be let in, to become one with his next vessel. But Dean doesn’t care, right now, about the world falling apart, because Castiel’s mouth is on his neck and his shoulder, because Castiel’s lips pull on his earlobe as he tells Dean that there’s nothing else in this world, in this universe, that’s ever made him feel like this.
“So striking out with a hooker didn’t help, sorry,” Dean lets the angel blade drop to the ground, the sound splits through the silent house.
Dean presses his hand into Castiel’s shoulder, into the outline of his own handprint that’s seared into Castiel’s skin.
And I know he’s had too much to drink, I know it’s been years since he’s been close to anyone. But he turns his face up towards mine, his mouth half open, and in his eyes, I convince myself that he’s begging for me. “I still need to tell you something,” he says.
“Well, I guess there’s no more oath to break.” Dean rocks himself back onto his feet, and he walks, to the side of the bed, sits down behind Castiel, presses his chest into Castiel’s back. He buries his face against Castiel’s neck, runs his fingers down Castiel’s shoulder blades, down the invisible scars of broken wings stolen forever.
A million things run through my head. Summoning Lucifer, letting Lucifer take me as his vessel all over again, just so that Dean can kill me, release me into the Empty. Calling Michael, letting him take Dean for all the same reasons, but I won’t risk that again.
“I don’t know. It was so easy, for me, I could have ended you in a second.” He laughs, and then he kisses me, and I can still taste my blood on his teeth. I wrap my legs around him and he drags my body underneath his. And, I know I should stop him, I know that, he doesn’t really want this, that he doesn’t really want me, but, I give in, because I want this, and I want him, and because I’ve never ever been able to get him out of my head.
So many nights, Castiel had sat alone in the Bunker, while everyone slept, imagining what it would be like to have Dean’s body against his like this, for Dean to be his, all his, in every way possible, in ways an angel couldn’t really understand, but in ways that Castiel knew he wanted to feel. But Castiel never thought he would feel so powerless, so overwhelmed, so willing to just give in to whatever Dean wanted.
Jack is sitting alone, on the rotted-out bark of a fallen tree, staring up at the blackening sky. He woke Cas up from the Empty once before, I tell him to do it again, but he says he doesn’t know how. He says Cas isn’t asleep. He says the Empty isn’t asleep, because he made it loud. Then he says, “Kill me.”
“You left me. You told me something, something no one has ever told me, and then you left me, just like everyone else.” Dean lifts his head and slams it back down onto the mattress. “You told me that I’m not a killer, and then you let me watch you die so that I could live. So, again, fuck you, Cas.”
Castiel takes Chuck by the collar of his shirt and throws him up against the brick wall. “Whatever you’re doing to him, to Sam, stop, now.”
Chuck smiles and walks to the center of the room, picking up the chair that’s still lying knocked over on the floor and leaning his arms on it. “Remember when Sam got better? From the demon blood addiction, from all that psychic yellow-eyed-demon crap? That was all me. And, after Sam shot me, I took it all away. I let it all come back slowly. But not just that—Sam and I are still linked, even though our wounds are healed, and I’ve been feeding him, my memories, my power. Creating something—I don’t know—God-like, but I guess a little more demonic, a little more evil, right Sam?”
When he can’t control himself any longer, Dean groans into Castiel’s throat, the feeling of having Castiel make him come, all over, is almost as good, almost as perfect, as consuming Castiel’s grace.
Castiel leans forward, his hands around Dean’s lower back, pulling him between his knees. He presses his face into Dean’s hips, moving his tongue along where Dean’s thighs meet his pelvis. His forehead against Dean’s stomach, he stops, because he doesn’t know what he’s doing, because he can tell how much Dean needs this, because he can still feel Dean’s mouth, the way Dean swallowed him down last night, and he’s afraid he’ll fail at this, like he failed at being an angel, like he’s failed at everything.
“I’m not used to it either, but I seem to end up like this—bleeding, a lot.” Castiel shifts his wrist, letting Dean wipe away smears of blood that leak from the gauze.
Against Castiel, Dean can pretend he’s someone, somewhere else. He can pretend that he’s safe, wanted. He can pretend this isn’t the brink of Armageddon, that he isn’t just being used. Castiel presses himself into the wooden headboard, his chin resting on the top of Dean’s head. His grace is straining to recover, and every single human emotion that he knows he shouldn’t feel rushes into him. He lets his arm fall across Dean’s waist, expecting Dean to react, to pull away.
“Because I want you to,” Castiel says.
“This is more important to Dean than it is to me,” Sam presses his head into the window. “I got away, once, from this. I think that I know how to live without hunting. Without monsters. But Dean, Dean never knew anything else. And he wants to do this, so I’m doing it.”
He remembers the time, somewhere in Nebraska, or maybe it was Montana, in 1990 or 1991, when his father had been gone for days on some hunt, and he’d been locked in some dirty, cheap motel for days with Dean. They had run out of boxed macaroni and cheese and marshmallow-filled cereal and were going out of their minds watching the same loop of cartoons over and over on the same network. Dean had taken Sam to some rundown and deserted park at some time close to midnight, just to get some air, pushed him on the swings, spun him around on one of these until he threw up. Then Dean took him back to the motel and cleaned him up, let Sam eat the rest of whatever food they had left, just so he had something in his stomach. Let himself starve, like he always did.
Sometimes, he tries to convince himself that he really is cured, that the longing he feels, is for something else. Awkward, mindless sex with women he meets in bars and all-night coffee houses. Women who are running away from everything and everyone. Whatever he can drink too much of, whatever will make him pass out for long enough to make him forget what he really wants. The blood of a dozen other monsters. Vampires, werewolves, shifters. Anything, that might give him the high he remembers, when his mouth and body were wrapped around Ruby. And there’s nothing that’s the same, nothing else that makes him feel as perfect, as complete, as demon blood.
He grabs me by the wrists, drags me halfway across the table. And I see her, sitting alone in her Heaven, and she calls to me, she tells me everything will be okay. She tells me how much she misses me, how much she loves me, she tells me to bring her back, to let us be together, be a family, finally.
“What? And he never told us?” Sam says.
Dean moves Castiel’s hand to his waist, and he says, “I just need something, anything, Cas.”
“Does it really surprise you?” Castiel takes the bottle from Dean. He’s already had enough. Or, maybe, not enough, for what Castiel wants.
“You say that, Sam, but look at you. Did you think you’d still be doing this, so many years after you started? After your brother thinks you’re cured?” And Sam knows, none of this is real, that Lucifer isn’t really trailing behind him as he turns the corner. That none of this is real, but he’s afraid it will be his reality. “You know I’m right, Sam.”
“I want to you to keep these on while I fuck you.” Castiel tugs at the blue lace, letting it chafe along Dean’s skin. “I want you, over and over. And even, sometimes, when I barely know what I want, I know I want you.”
“Yes,” Castiel looks away, looks up at the gray-blanketed sky.
Usually, it’s Ruby. Usually, from some hazy mirage, she says that she always knew he’d wind up back here, wanting more, wanting her. Usually, she says she always knew he’d regret what he had let Dean do to her.
And I wonder, in between bites of cookie-shaped high fructose corn syrup, how things could be, if we lived through this, through Chuck, and I could just be normal, like this, for the rest of my life. Not a Nephilim, not Lucifer’s son, not a half-cosmic being. Not someone who can be used, by everyone, for everything. I’ve been used since before I was even born.
“I can help you, like I used to. My grace. It used to make you—better—when this happened.” Castiel slides himself up on the bed, against the headboard, letting Dean’s face move down to his stomach.
“Cas—I’m sorry.”
“Do it, Dean.” Sam grabs Dean by the wrist, struggling against Dean to aim the gun at Castiel.
“Yes, and before you blame me, that was Dean’s idea. The whole reason he agreed to take me out of the Empty. For Sam to use me to fight God,” Ruby puts her knee up onto the mattress, leaning forward. “But Sam isn’t going to fight God, because God is using Sam, and God wants both of you dead.”
“So you’d rather be with Crowley?” Dean tilts his head against the back of the seat.
“I mean, neither am I.” Dean slides Castiel backward, forces him down onto the foot of the bed, lets himself fall to the floor, until he’s kneeling in front of Castiel. “I think maybe most people aren’t really any good at being human.”
“Goddamn it, Cas.” I tear the blankets off the bed, throw them onto the concrete floor. I collapse into them, repeating his name over and over. He would still be here, if it weren’t for me.  I need to bring him back. I need to find a way.
“What?” Castiel knows exactly what she means.
Castiel drives through nearly-abandoned roads lined with decaying houses and suburbs with sprawling lawns and paving-stone covered walkways. He drives under a sky that’s pitch black and filled with stars until the smog and light of population blots out the night. Around Philadelphia, when the first rays of the sun have started to reflect pink and purple haze over the horizon, Dean sits up, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. “Sorry. I can drive now.”
“No. Cas is my father, and I would have done the same, if Dean didn’t.”
Castiel is kneeling in the white powder collecting on the grass. He looks up at Dean, resigned, hopeless, giving Dean permission to obey, succumb.
“I don’t want to, I can’t,” Castiel steps toward her. She has a pile of papers on her desk, a pile of papers that are all blank.
“Just do it, Sam.”
Dean lifts his eyes up to Castiel’s. “Then why didn’t you?”
Dean has never told anyone, but he’s done this before. There was some guy in a bar in Sioux Falls, whose face and name he can’t remember anymore. There was the time with Lee, when his father had found them, passed out, naked and drunk, on the floor of a hotel room. He’d invented some girl, said she’d spent the night with both of them and then left when her boyfriend called, but Dean knew his father never really believed his story. Then there were seven times with Benny, after Dean had rescued him from Purgatory, and every time ended with Dean face down on filthy motel room bedsheets, covered in his own blood after letting Benny nearly suck him dry.
Dean slides himself onto the cold tiles, hands gripping at his hair. If it weren’t the middle of the night, if Castiel wasn’t asleep only feet away, if this motel was vacant and dead, Dean would scream, scream until all of this disappears forever.
The other angels, they would follow him. If he wanted to lead.
Dean finds his jacket, thrown on the floor beside Sam’s shoes and an empty paper coffee cup, shoves his wallet from the nightstand into the pocket of his jeans. “I’m going to go out for a while, to take a walk, or something.”
“The sister of one of the women we saved tonight had a thing for him. He said they were going for coffee. He won’t be back.” Dean throws his jacket down onto the floor. “I told him to, you know, go for it. It’s been a long time for him. He doesn’t have something—something like us.”
Castiel’s eyes are lost on the never-ending wave of yellow taxis, the crowds of men and women and children passing by, men and women and children, staring down at their phones, staring away from one another. The sound of sirens, the sound of horns honking, is relentless. And Castiel remembers when this, this City, was something else. Before buildings that reach into clouds were built, before the streets were overflowing with life. When it was a newly-born world that felt like it would fall to the will of Heaven someday.
His blood mixes in with Jack’s, and I pour Jack’s grace into the bowl, reciting a bunch of Enochian words that I don’t understand, and that don’t make any sense. Nothing. Dean lunges forward, pushes himself against me, tells me to try again, until he falls at my feet. He convulses and moans, throws up on my shoes.
“No,” Dean says.
And the voice of the King of Hell. A voice that says, “What are you doing here?”
I pull at my hair. I pick up the chair that sits in the middle of the room and throw it into the wall. I scream out to the Empty, ask it to take me too. I stumble into the hallway, retracing the steps we’d taken to his death. My fingers move along the wall, along the scratches embedded from Billie’s scythe.
There are guns and knives and ammunition everywhere. A broken wooden stake lays on top of a pile of shovels. Chains and ropes are tangled in the center of a spare tire. Dean throws a cracked EMF meter on the cement floor of the garage. He scrapes away at the devil’s trap painted on the inside of the Impala’s trunk, wiping the white powder flaked on his fingers across his jeans.
“So do I,” Eileen looks up at the pink and yellow clouds that streak through the sky above them. “I don’t want to remember the things I’ve seen, dying, or Hell. I don’t want to remember any of it. So, whatever you need.”
“I understand,” Castiel slides away from Dean, lays down next to him.
Maybe Dean should have left Castiel, strewn along the eroding Washington shoreline where everything had ended. Along the ground where Dean had collapsed beside the shadow of Castiel’s broken wings. Outside the house where Dean had wrapped Castiel in yellowing sheets and torn curtains. In the field where Sam and Dean had scattered the remains of the mother of the son of the Devil.
“Why?” she sits up, hair tangled.
“It’s only another hour and a half or something. I got it,” Castiel says.
“Moose.” Crowley slides the van door open. “I didn’t know you had turned into a suburban soccer mom. But I’m not surprised. You have the hair.”
She smiles. “You can have it.”
“Come on, Cas.” The stubble on Dean’s face brushes against Castiel’s throat. “I can’t talk about this. Not now.”
The headlights of a car driving down the street shine in through the window, over and across Dean’s face. “I can’t believe you struck out with a hooker.”
Castiel lets Dean run the end of his blade down his throat, lets his grace heal him instantly and completely. “I’m not a demon. I’m not with Alastair.”
When he’s filled with Castiel’s grace, there’s a euphoria, a detachment, that’s pure, and that burns through Dean’s brain. It’s different, than the way he feels when he’s drunk out of his mind, different than the way he feels when he fucks some lonely bartender or trucker or waitress just to make everything okay for ten, maybe fifteen minutes. And when Castiel pulls him down, pulls him with an urgency that allows Dean’s body to do nothing but collapse onto Castiel’s, the feeling of Castiel against him, around him, even in the pouring rain, makes Dean feel lost and found all at once.
She moves forward, toward Chuck, and she digs the blade into his spine, she twists it, and twists it, and he screams and laughs all at once. He stands, motionless, as his blood drips down onto the snow, spreading red stains by his feet. Then he pulls the blade from his body and throws it on the ground. “What was that supposed to do?” he turns to Ruby and pulls her in front of him, holding her arms behind her back. “Sam, after we’re done with these two, this one is next.”
“I have to. I have to save you.”
Dean closes his eyes. Inside, he’s almost paralyzed from Castiel’s grace, but he bends backward, leaning into Castiel’s fingertips. The way they’re pressed against him, is the only thing, that has ever made Dean believe someday, somehow, everything might be okay. And, right now, he can’t even remember Alastair, or the apocalypse, or the angels and demons, or that his brother disappeared hours ago to do God knows what to God knows who.
Castiel turns his eyes from the red brake lights of the Nissan Altima in front of them to Dean. “Why did you want to run from your father?”
And Sam knows that Lucifer, who tormented and tortured him, is out there, maybe doing the same to someone else. So he distracts himself. He pours another cup of coffee. He reads the news over and over. He scrolls through the same websites looking for something, even though he doesn’t really know what he’s looking for. But there’s nothing but human-made horror. Shootings. Assaults. Robberies. Things people do to each other.
And he can’t watch anymore, when she comes out of the bathroom, when she brings him back to her bed, when she tells him, again, that she loves him, and he kisses her without response. Because Castiel knows those words are his, maybe, if love is what this obsession really is. Castiel doesn’t know.
She spins his chair around until he’s facing her, and she kisses him, letting her hands fall to the collar of his shirt while she unbuttons it. She lets her own suit jacket fall to the floor as she sits down in his lap. She pulls up her own skirt, sliding her hips onto his. “You told Karen, right? That you want to be with me?”
“You still have that? You had it with you the whole time?” Dean asks.
“I already fixed him. A long time ago. I guess now you can call this…unfixing?” Chuck says, pushing Castiel backward, enough to slip away from him.
Lisa’s cell phone is filled with pictures of Dean and Ben, fixing the Impala, sitting on the couch playing video games, stringing Christmas lights along a sparse Evergreen tree. Castiel deletes each one, knowing it would break Dean forever to know that Lisa’s secret, the truth, that Ben was his, had been erased along with all her other memories of him.
But Dean tangles Castiel’s tie around his hand, pulling himself up just enough for his lips to almost graze against Castiel’s. Castiel’s eyes turn to Dean’s, and he wants to give in, but he pushes Dean away, back down onto the bed, but he falls forward, Dean still tugging on his tie.
The plastic hospital bracelet that he’s still wearing slips down his wrist as he kneels at the edge of the motel room bed. His insides are still broken, bruised, and the scabs on his mouth crack open as the agony of dropping down to the floor crosses his face. As his elbows bend into the mattress, a bottle of painkillers rolls from the pillow down to the crumbled sheets. The rattling of pills is deafening in the silence.
“Because, I always knew it would end like this, maybe. And maybe I’ve always known that you would be the one to finally break me.” Dean stands, at the foot of his bed. “Because I thought we were in this together—but you’re about to do exactly what I don’t want you to. And this, this is really the only thing we’re in together anymore right—fucking each other senseless?”
Sam doesn’t respond, not for a long time. He checks his phone three times. He pours a glass of whiskey. “So, what….Cas had a moment of happiness while being chased by Death?”
I ask her, what she wants, and she says something about going back to Hell, helping Rowena control some demon uprising. I tell her that Rowena doesn’t need her help, that Rowena can handle it herself. Ruby says I don’t know what I’m talking about. “You know, I was an okay witch once myself.”
I cut into Ruby’s arm and press my mouth against her, sucking the blood out of her veins. She still tastes as good as when we used to do this, years ago, and she runs her hands up my back and through my hair. Only part of me wants to stop.
“Seriously, he’s the president?” Ruby is sitting in front of Dean’s laptop, clicking through some news website that hasn’t been updated in days, because there’s no news when everyone is gone. “A global pandemic? I haven’t seen one of those in like a hundred years. What’s going on here? Maybe I should just have you throw me back in the Empty. Maybe this wasn’t a good time to be back on Earth.”
“It was,” Castiel says. “But I’m not sure I’m the best one to go talk to people about relationships.”
“I’m not giving you anything,” Castiel pulls himself off the ground.
“You’re quiet, Moose.” Crowley turns in his chair.
This used to make him feel indestructible. This used to give him the power to banish demons back to Hell. This used to be something that made him uncontrollable. Now it just makes numb, it makes him nauseous, it makes him beg to be free of this addiction. It reminds him that maybe he’s a liar and a hypocrite. It reminds him that he wants nothing more, than to get out of this life someday.
“Fuck that,” Dean says. He slides open the curtain, just a little, enough for him to climb into the shower, drops of water bouncing off his t-shirt and jeans. Castiel doesn’t move or look up, doesn’t react, because he doesn’t know how, because he doesn’t want to. He lets Dean pull his body against his own, and he tries to think of something to say, but he can’t think at all.
Down the hall, Dean’s door is open and his room is dark. For just a second, I worry, that he left, that maybe he’s somewhere, alone and drunk and reckless. Maybe I should call, or text him, but instead I close my bedroom door behind Ruby and find one of the knives I keep in my nightstand drawer.
Reaching out toward him, I pull his hair and drag his face forward into mine, silently begging him to stop.
Dean is sure that Cas really didn’t believe him, when Dean had finally been able to reciprocate, confess, tell him what he probably should have told him years ago. And Dean doesn’t know if what Cas feels is the same, because he doesn’t know if angels—even newly former angels—could ever feel this sense of emptiness, longing, for something, someone.
So he turns it all off. He cuts himself off from Heaven. Cuts himself off from Angel Radio, or whatever.
Alone at the kitchen table, being human, fully human, doesn’t seem so bad. At least I’m not coughing up blood and dying, like when this happened once before. At least not yet.
“Like maybe I’m almost ready,” he says. “This is different than last time. It took so long for me just to be able to pull demons, but now…I think, soon…”
Dean reaches up to Castiel’s arm, pressing it harder against him, silently begging Castiel to hold him, tighter, as tightly as he can, because right now, here, with his pants twisted down by his feet, with Castiel’s hands all over him, Dean finally feels like he isn’t seconds away from losing everything, from giving in to God and the Devil and the end of the world.
Dean brings his knees up, lets his hips grind into the air, against nothing, lets his eyes lock on Castiel’s as Castiel brings him to the brink of losing control. Dean groans, his teeth sinking  into his lip. He pulls Castiel closer to him, his fingers on Castiel’s chin and cheeks. He can feel himself on the edge, and Castiel holds him there, on the verge of insanity, ecstasy, or something. “Cas, let me come,” Dean whispers into Castiel’s mouth. “Please.”
Greg Buckey, 54 years-old. Vice President at some midtown investment firm. Married for 22 years, four kids. Found on his bathroom floor by his teenage son, after the rest of the family came home from some after-school football game.
“At the Gas-N-Sip. It’s fine. There’s a television, food, it’s enough,” Castiel says.
And Castiel calls back his garrison from the depths of Hell, calls the angels to mend the broken world beneath his feet, to close the doorway to Hell.
“Shut up. Do you need anything else?” Dean’s feet scrape against the pavement beneath him. “I already have pills, all kinds, for whatever.”
He lowers his hand, and the smoke drifts back inside of me. My body is pressed tightly against his, and I can feel something inside him, something powerful, something different, something that isn’t just demon blood and psychic powers. He puts his hands in my hair and brings my face close to his. “Sam, what’s happening to you?” I whisper, into his mouth.
Castiel’s lips are chaos, anarchy, against Dean’s. He lets Dean’s wrists fall free, moves his hand up Dean’s arms, up to his neck, up to where he can pull Dean’s head backward, to where he can run his tongue and his teeth over Dean’s throat.
Sam turns his eyes to neighboring houses, distant across the property, their windows shining with the lights of televisions, computers, life. And, even with the demon blood rattling around in his brain and his body, the quiet of this world, broken only by the sound of car doors and passing airplanes, is something that Sam has wished for, so many times.
He knows they’re all dead, they have to be. Cas, Sam, Dean, Ruby. And Jack doesn’t know what Chuck did, but he knows once the black smoke that’s blinding him clears, there won’t be anything left of anyone.
So I stop, and I stand up, and kiss him, so that he tastes himself all over me. He groans and grunts, and I’m afraid he’s going to wake Sam, wake whatever else lives in the walls and halls of this Bunker. “Oh God,” he says.
“I just want this to be over,” he sits up on the bed and grabs my shoulders, pressing my back up against the headboard. And I don’t think I’m strong enough to fight back anymore, to overpower him, and I barely want to.
“Are you God now?” Ruby steps back.
I pull his t-shirt over his head, dropping it down by our feet. His jeans are tangled around his ankles, and he looks away from me, up at the ceiling. “I can stop,” I tell him.
Dean parks beneath the awning of a 24-hour drug store. “I have a first-aid kit, in the trunk, but I have to get some other stuff for your wrist, and your hand, so you stop fucking bleeding all over the place.”
Castiel stretches forward, up to Dean’s face, and Dean wraps his legs around him. He tilts his body up against Castiel, puts his arms over his own head. “Just fucking do it, Cas.”
“Yeah. Forget it. We’ll take care of whatever this shit is in New York, and you can go back to Crowley or whatever.” Dean tightens his fingers on the steering wheel, lets his foot fall harder against the gas pedal.
“Yeah, then I can go back to looking for Lucifer.” Castiel would give anything, for this to be nothing. For this to just be some homicidal maniac better left to the cops. To spend days, nights, locked away in some cheap New York City motel room with Dean, away from everyone, away from the world. To be able to have Dean, for Dean to have him, to have something, without the weight of monsters and demons and Lucifer looming over them.
I tell myself that I’m doing this for Eileen. For Donna and Jodi and Charlie and Claire and Bobby, and everyone else. That it’s all fine, because – in the end - I’ll be the one who saves this world from God. And maybe then we’ll all be free, finally.
“So which is it Dean?” Sam asks. “Who dies, Cas, or everybody else?”
Sam looks up, Ruby’s demon blood burning through every part of his body, lightheaded and still aching for more, and says, “We do what you, me, and Cas have always done. We fight. We fight God. And we win.”
Dean doesn’t really believe he could ever make anyone feel anything other than regret, but it takes everything in him, when they do this, not to tell Castiel the truth. That for Dean, this isn’t just about the middle-of-the-night sex or the back-of-the-Impala blow jobs. That Dean needs this. That under Castiel, with every inch of Castiel’s body touching every inch of his, Dean finally doesn’t remember years of touch-starved neglect. He doesn’t remember all the times he’s let people use his body for whatever. He doesn’t really remember anything, except that, with Castiel, he can close his eyes, he can give up whatever control of himself he still has.
“What?”
But he’s here, in the middle of some too-rich suburb, and he’s half-high out of his mind on demon blood again, and, when he’s like this, it’s not Dean or Eileen who speak to him.
Sam’s stopped calling.
Sometimes, he wonders if she knows, if she’s known for months, years, that all the cold, late-night dinners and missed elementary school award ceremonies were never really because of client crises or some court-ordered deadline. If she knows all about the secretaries and the paralegals and the young associates who desperately want to make partner. If she knows about the things he does with them here, behind an office door that he’s rigged to automatically to lock whenever it’s closed. If she knows, but never says a word, because she also knows that he doesn’t care that she knows.
“I don’t know,” Castiel says. “To feel something other than empty. I rebelled, and God is—who knows where God is—and I want to feel something other than failure.”
No connections between them. No connections to James Gallagher. Except for their missing hearts.
“You’re still leaving. And you aren’t coming back,” Dean rolls his head along the edge of the car.
“Anything,” Dean says, into Castiel’s open mouth. Underneath Castiel, Dean needs this, needs this to forget about killing God, needs this to forget about the world, a world where he’s useless. A world he doesn’t know his place in, now that the monsters are gone. A world where there’s no one to save, no one to kill, where there’s only Castiel. Castiel, between his legs, Castiel buried in his neck.
“Free will, maybe.” Dean mumbles, into Castiel’s chin. Dean kisses him again, running his hands up Castiel’s back, underneath his shirt. Castiel tries to hesitate, because he doesn’t know what he’s doing, not really, but he gives in anyway, lets Dean press his hips tightly into his own, lets Dean slide on top of him. He can still taste the beer in Dean’s mouth, and the fading scent of death that had permeated the Empty lingers on both their bodies.
He mumbles my name down my throat and digs his fingers into my arms. I can feel him pushing me down, towards the ground, and I feign protest, forcing him back against the wall, holding him completely still. He doesn’t move, doesn’t fight back, he just stands there, his eyes overcome with some emotion I don’t even understand, half his clothes in a pile next to him, the other half down by his feet. “What do you want?” I ask, stepping backward.
Dean turns to Castiel, and, for the first time since Castiel got here, there’s nothing but a quiet stillness.
But, tonight, Castiel lets his eyelids open, just enough to see Dean, thrusting himself forward, the curve of his back highlighted in the darkness. Castiel knows, it should be him, beneath Dean, it should be him, fucking Dean, him, finally getting what he deserves.
He laughs. “Why would I do that? Why would I bring everyone back? So I can listen to their prayers? All the prayers I’ll never answer? I’m done listening. Do they really think I care enough, to cure their cancers? Fix their marriages? Heal their children? I don’t care about a single one of them.” He extends his hand out to me. “But you. You aren’t one of them. Let me show you what I can give you.”
The bathroom door creaks open and Castiel can barely hear Dean’s voice over the shower running, “Cas, you’ve been in here all night. You good?”
Someone knocks on the door, and Castiel just says “Come in.” He’s sure it’s Jack, Jack coming to talk about being newly human, newly graceless, newly useless.
The smell of his blood on my jacket makes me nauseous as the vibrating of my phone screams in the silence. I drag my hands down my face, my brain pounding. There were so many things I could have said, should have said. Instead, I said nothing.
She drops her jacket to the floor and lies down on my bed. Eileen wouldn’t want this, I shouldn’t be doing this, but it’s the only way to get her back.
“Whatever you want, Dean,” Castiel closes his eyes, closes his eyes and starts to feel himself drift off, starts to feel the emptiness inside him pulling him into unconsciousness. And he lets himself sleep, for the first time ever, for the first time against Dean, lets himself believe that Dean is his, that this is what Dean wants.
I’m losing myself, every day I can feel it, and right now I feel it more than ever.
Castiel lifts the body off the ground, letting it fall over his shoulder, the ties of the garbage bag full of whatever proof of Dean had been left here, in Lisa’s house, wrapped around his wrist, and he closes his eyes. He lands on the frozen shores of a vacant island somewhere along the Arctic Circle.
Castiel lets himself fall forward, lets himself fall toward Dean until he can feel Dean’s breath against his chin. Once, in what already feels like some other lifetime, Dean was forbidden. Human, fragile. And Castiel used to draw some imaginary line between them. A wall built from fear and guilt and faith that he pretended prevented him from going too far. From finally having Dean, from letting Dean have him, from finally and ultimately betraying the God that abandoned and disregarded them both.
The army of angels is still slaughtering, being slaughtered by, an assault by the fallen, Lucifer’s own hordes. But Castiel doesn’t falter among the dead, among the divine combat that spills across every inch of Hell now. Because raising Dean, breaking Dean free from this, isn’t for Heaven or God anymore.
This is how the dream, the nightmare, starts almost every night. It begins here, in the depths of some other place, some world that Dean has escaped. And then it fades into the voices, the faces, of the people he couldn’t help. The kids he couldn’t save from some hellbent ghost in Milwaukee when he was twenty. The women who had their throats ripped out by a vampire nest because he was too busy getting drunk, getting fucked. The father of three massacred by a demon that Dean couldn’t exorcise. They wait for him, in these never-ending hallucinations. They remind Dean that everything, is his fault. That their lives ended, because of him. That he’s no hero, no better than the things he hunts.
Out here, miles away from streetlights and headlights, there are hundreds, thousands of stars scattered across the darkness. And Dean wonders, if somewhere beyond the constellations, if Castiel is in Heaven. Or if he’s in Hell, for always choosing the Winchesters over Heaven and over everything, for knowing Dean in ways angels were never supposed to know humans. Or if he’s somewhere else, somewhere even worse.
Dean has barely said anything to him, even after Castiel had finally regained some kind of consciousness in the back of the Impala on the way to the Bunker. His last words to Dean, his confession, he was only able to get the words out he’d been trying to say for maybe a decade because he thought it was good-bye, forever.
“You don’t always have to be the one who sacrifices everything,” Castiel tilts Dean’s face back up toward his.
“What’s wrong with that?” Crowley lets himself rest back against the plastic of a booster seat that’s buckled in behind him. “Where’s Dean? And Feathers? We were having fun, you know, looking for Lucifer, me and Castiel.”
Castiel tilts his head back, against the headboard. “Did you love her?”
“Cas, please,” Dean says. “Just do whatever you want to me. Just use me, one last time, before you let me down.”
Castiel turns his face up to Dean’s, snow stuck in his dark hair, eyes rimmed with red. “It’s okay Dean. Do it, save everyone, save yourself. I told you, I was never supposed to be here anyway. You were never supposed to save me.”
“Girlfriend?” she asks.
“I knew you’d come around,” Crowley moves his hand down Castiel’s cheek. “I’ll get you your souls. And we’ll talk about payment later.”
“I just want you to stop. I just want to know I can trust you. I just want you to back off this insane plan for souls, for Purgatory.” Dean’s palm presses into Castiel’s chest, and Castiel uses Dean’s arm, to pull himself up, to pull Dean’s mouth into his, to pull Dean back down onto the bed and underneath him, pinning Dean onto the mattress, holding Dean’s wrists above his head.
If I let him, Sam would bleed me dry. He bites down on my wrists, my neck, anywhere he thinks he can get more. He digs the blade of his knife into my thigh, his head in between my legs as he takes and takes and takes. I tug on his hair, try to bring his tongue up to where I want him, right to where I’ve had him so many times before, but he says he can’t, not right now.
“And I’ve failed you, I’ve failed Sam, I’ve failed Heaven.” Castiel’s arm, pulls Dean closer, pulls Dean onto the bed beside him. “So many times, I thought I was making the right choice, and I wasn’t.”
“Did Jim have anyone who might, you know, want to hurt him?” Dean asks, moving his glass of water from one hand to the other.
“But I never needed to touch you, to heal you, to do anything to you,” Castiel leans against the dresser, kicking aside the now-empty bottle that has spilled out entirely on the floor. “I just wanted to.”
“You’ll help me get back to Hell?” she stands up, folding her arms across her body.
And he walks, until he’s in a park, a swing set casting its long shadow across a sandbox and a seesaw and a pair of aluminum seahorses mounted on steel springs. He lies down on a red-yellow-and-blue roundabout, or merry-go-round, or whatever it’s called, letting his feet drag along the ground until he’s slowly spinning, staring up into the dark sky that’s dotted with blurry stars.
“Chuck is dead?” Jack looks down at the ground, at the fire flickering around Amara’s feet.
“So tomorrow, I’ll go talk to some of the families, of the other victims. You go to that club, okay? Dean crosses his legs against Castiel’s down at the edge of the mattress. “She was weird about it, the wife, right? The way she mentioned it to us was weird.”
Castiel takes Dean’s arm, drags it up against the headboard, and knots his tie around Dean’s wrist and the wooden pole. He does the same with Dean’s other arm and the leather of his belt. Dean mumbles “Cas,” into his mouth. “Cas, what are you doing?” Dean tries to move, to break free, but the restraints are too tight and they burn against his flesh.
It’s been months, maybe it’s even been a year, since he’s allowed himself anything, and now he can hear Crowley’s blood as it screams through his veins. “How are we even getting in there? We’re just going to walk in and ask to see the CEO of some big bank?”
“I thought it was under control. Maybe. Until LA. Until Lucifer just started killing for his own amusement.” Sam wraps his fingers around his own neck, tilts his face up to the ceiling. “I just want it to go away, I just want it to go away forever, but tonight, I just want it, even if it’s just a little, I just want it, so I can—so I can feel the rush it used to give me. So I can just make this feeling, go away one more time.”
So he spends most of his time in the paradise of the autistic man, who drowned in a bathtub in 1953, watching him fly his kite against the endless blue sky. Sometimes, Castiel likes to visit the eternity of a woman murdered by her husband in 1986. He lets his feet sink into the white sand beach where she used to spend her summers as a child. And, on days when he feels especially alone, Castiel hides in the quiet shared nirvana of a elderly couple killed in a car accident in 1999, as they walk hand-in-hand on the lake shores of their Michigan cabin.
Dean’s lips narrow tightly on Castiel, and Castiel can’t stop himself any longer. He groans, and he feels shattered, euphoric, all at once as Dean tilts his head back, swallows. Castiel falls onto the bed, struggling to regain his sanity.
Finally, she turns to Sam, and says, “I could do so much better than you.”
It’s dark and cold, and we’ve been out here for something like nine hours by the time I find the spell, in some book we’d thrown into the truck of the Impala. I won’t tell Dean, but I don’t think there’s any way we can pull this off. This book is full of dark magic, full of spells that only the most powerful witches could even think about doing. Maybe Rowena could have done this, but she’s dead, gone just like everyone else. And now all Dean has is me, and I need to do this, because if I fail, I know I’ll lose him for good this time.
A security guard slumped in a chair, staring at his phone, believes whatever Crowley tells him. That he’s the CFO of some other bank, some other person who matters to Ethan Burke. That Sam is his assistant, or something. That he’s here to see some senior vice president.
Above them, dim moonlight begins to shine through the clouds, and Castiel lays down next to Dean, And he wishes, there was some other world, some other life, for them, where this didn’t end with them covered in dirt, surrounded by dead Chevys.
“Don’t. I’ll be right back. I just need some air,” Dean says, the door to the almost-midnight Iowa air creaks as he shuts it behind him, before Castiel can ask any questions.
He pushes Castiel back, just enough to slip away from him, and stands up, off the floor. The television is still on, and it casts a bluish light across Castiel’s face as he kneels in front of Dean.
“This was Dean’s idea, wasn’t it?” I step back from the table. “This is Dean’s fault, isn’t it? For giving away what wasn’t his to give away.”
“I went back to Missouri, to try to find Lucifer, or Death, or someone,” Castiel says. “But I didn’t find anyone. Except for the dead. Lucifer’s victims.”
And, finally, Dean asks what he doesn’t want to know, what he’s wanted to ask all night, what he probably already knows the answer to. “Cas—before we—you said Ephraim was an angel of mercy or something like that, that he could sense pain?”
“I’m not going back to Heaven, Not right away anyway. I have a lot I need to fix here, and in a lot of other worlds, ones that Chuck destroyed,” she says. “And I’ll bring most of them back. But not everyone will be the same. Because you need to know peace, for once, Dean.”
“I’m fine.” Castiel clenches around the red-stained tissue in his hand, just above the swollen flesh from Ephraim’s grasp that scars Castiel, sends twinges of pain through him.
The voice on the other side of the wall begs for more. Castiel closes his eyes, leaning into the headboard that rattles against his shoulder blades, listening to the sound of human desire, of bodies devouring one another, of skin consuming skin. And he lets all of it drown out the dull background noise of Heaven that plays relentlessly in his brain.
Ruby stands over me, she twists her fingers in my hair and tilts my face up towards hers. “Dead. Because of Dean Winchester. You and me both I guess, right?” She runs her hand down my cheek, and across my mouth. “Only you said you would get me out of here, and now you’re here, and you aren’t even you. I don’t even think you belong here. I don’t even think you’re an angel.”
“You want me to drive?” Castiel’s foot falls out of the car next to Dean’s.
“You made Dean into an angel, you sent him to the Empty, and you brought him back. And you think, what, that was just luck? You think anyone could have done that?” She puts her feet up on the table, tapping the heel of her boot against the wood. “You’ve changed, Sam.”
“You won’t shoot me, Dean, I know you won’t. I know you can’t, because you’re weak. So do this for me, for Eileen, for everyone but yourself.” Sam pulls at Castiel’s hair, holds him still. “Show him that he’s wrong about you, show him that he never should have fallen in love with you. Show him that you really are a killer.”
“Don’t,” he says.
So Dean lets Castiel push him back down, onto the mattress, his body sideways across the bed, his face buried in the sheets, his toes grazing across the floor. And he can feel Castiel, over him, can feel Castiel’s mouth on his neck and back, pulling their bodies together.
Because here, there’s nothing, no one, no angels, no reasons, no excuses for anything.
“Just get me the souls,” Castiel raises his voice above the sound of a passing motorcycle.
“Yeah, sure. The anonymity. It’s easy to hide there. If someone was looking for you—finding you wouldn’t be easy. Sometimes, when Sam was in college, I thought of running away too, from hunting, from my Dad.” Dean sits up against the black leather of the seat behind him. “I thought about coming to New York, trying to get a normal job, I don’t know. I never had the guts to do it obviously.”
This, this is what Castiel had imagined, behind the locked doors of motel room bathrooms while Dean slept just a few feet away. This, this is what Castiel wanted every single fucking time he was too close to Dean. This, this is what Castiel had given up his grace, fallen from Heaven, for. This, this is the reason he had ached to be condemned by God.
“I made you a sandwich,” Jack puts a paper dish on the table in front of Castiel. “It’s peanut butter and jelly, because I think you said you liked that when you were human the last time. And I don’t think you’ve eaten all day. Humans have to eat..”
Dean drops the plastic bag in Castiel’s lap, his hand brushing against Castiel’s leg, accidentally, intentionally, Dean doesn’t even know, doesn’t care. He backs the Impala away from the lights of the drug store, and he drives, past neon church signs and oversized American flags waving from utility poles. He drives to the motel he had checked into this morning, where the woman at the front desk had smiled and said “God bless” as she handed him the key to the one-bed room where Dean is dragging a fallen, ruined angel to anything but redemption.
Here, this last circle of Hell, is that special place. The place reserved for the abusers and executioners and betrayers of the innocent. The place where Dean Winchester’s soul is being torn apart, piece by piece. The place where Castiel needs to find Dean, before he surrenders to Alastair, before the blood on Dean’s hands belongs to someone other than himself.
I cut across her flesh, and let her bleed, past my lips and teeth and down my tongue. My face is buried against her and she groans and squirms against me.
This house has been abandoned for a decade, maybe more, and it was forgotten long before that. There’s a bookshelf, lined with dusty pictures of people who are almost definitely dead. The staircase leading upstairs is falling to pieces, and there are empty beer cans and used condoms on the floor. The remnants of some high school party ended by a neighbor’s call to the cops.
The parking lot flashes red under the broken neon “Motel” sign that flickers against the sky. There are only three cars besides the Impala here, haphazardly strewn among the faded yellow lines. A gray-spotted white cat sits underneath a streetlight, the tip of its ear torn, its reflecting eyes watching Dean as he passes through its territory.
So I lie on his bed, staring up at the ceiling, listening to the sound of his mouth against my flesh, the sound of a bedroom door slamming shut somewhere down the hall, the memories of the sounds of the Empty, the screaming, that’s been echoing in my head all day long.
And Castiel convinces himself, that everything is fine, convinces himself to lay back on the mattress. To let his hand slide underneath the waist of his pants, lets his fingertips slide along himself, against the continuing sound of someone else’s sex, someone else’s fantasy.
“You’re back,” a voice says.
“No. Where are you even staying? Where do you sleep?” Dean turns the key in the ignition.
“Why would I listen to you, Castiel? Look at you. You’re nothing, nobody.” Chuck laughs. “You were always a nobody. Even in Heaven. But, I guess, now you don’t even have the whole angel thing going for you. Why should I care what you want?”
The volume is so low, it’s barely a whisper over the sound of Dean breathing. All that’s on now is the news, a million reports from a million different so-called experts, on the day that everyone had been taken away and the day that everyone had been brought back, a million theories and no explanations. Some people say they were scared, some assumed they were dead, some say wish they could go back, back to nothing.
Maybe nothing about this should feel okay, or right, and maybe Castiel should pretend he doesn’t know why the receptionist didn’t ask Dean if he wanted two rooms, or two beds. And maybe he shouldn’t have thrown his trenchcoat and suit jacket and tie onto the rug somewhere by the door. And maybe he should move over as Dean lays down on the bed next to him, as Dean’s arm rests on top of his. Instead, Castiel closes his eyes, and he wonders, if this is what it would be like, always, if Dean felt the same things, the same way, about all of this.
“Yeah, that’s good, okay,” Dean says, not really knowing if he should have asked, not really knowing if he should be in here.
He can hardly walk, his jeans still at his ankles, restricting him like a prisoner in chains. I hold his arms so that he’s steady, down the small flight of stairs into the next room, and I push him backward onto the illuminated tabletop, his body a shadow on the map of the Earth that’s lit up behind him, his head somewhere up near Alaska, his feet somewhere near the end of the world. I pull his shoes and his pants off, throwing them onto a chair.
“Sure. Whatever.” Dean tries to focus on something else, something other than Castiel’s fingertips against his skin. And he breaks free from Castiel’s grip, even though he wants nothing more than to give in, even though he knows this will all end in chaos.
“You don’t have to.” Castiel leans into the headrest. “You can just go.”
James R. Gallagher, Esq. is an asshole. And, tonight, he’s going to die.
And Castiel watches Dean when he knows he shouldn’t.
And Dean takes more and more because he can, because Castiel lets him. Because Castiel leans back, stares up at the ceiling, and groans Dean’s name into the air. Because he pushes Dean’s mouth against him, and Dean holds his hands down into the bed.
“Okay, Dean,” Castiel lets Dean kiss him because he can feel, how much Dean wants this, how much Dean needs this right now. Because this is what they do, because this is what they are now. Something secret, something that exists behind closed doors and between silent bedsheets that tangle around their bodies and keep their secrets.
Dean steps back, watches Castiel as he complies. Castiel presses his body against Dean’s, until every part of him is touching every part of Dean. He runs his fingers up the side of Dean’s stomach, up to his ribs, up his chest, and into Dean’s mouth, holding Dean’s lips apart as he kisses him.
“I need this, I can’t let this child be born.” Castiel steps away from the bed.  “I need to Kelly Kline And you need to let me. I need you to understand why—I’m doing this—it’s because I’m saving you. I’m saving us. Because I love you.”
With the rain running into his mouth, he pulls Dean’s face away from their kiss, cupping Dean’s chin against his fingers. Dean sits up, lets his hands move down Castiel, tracing down the reddish-pink scabs until they end, along the edges of Castiel’s hips. “I hurt you. I fucked up and took too much, and now I hurt you.” Dean moves backward, onto Castiel’s legs.
Castiel slumps down against the wall, almost wishing he could let Dean know he’s here, let Dean know he’d give him anything, just to have him back, have him in the way that Lisa has him. Dean lays, sprawled out on the bed, and Castiel watches the way Dean runs his own hands down his body, over places where Castiel desperately wants to touch, again.
Dean sits up, takes Castiel by the shoulders, and shoves him backward against the Challenger’s dented fender. “Why did you leave us? Why couldn’t you stay with us? You, out of all of us, would have had a chance against Meg, and the hellhounds. But you just left us. And now Jo and Ellen are dead.”
Be normal. Just talk to them. Castiel repeats Dean’s words to himself, even though he doesn’t know really know what those words mean. He shouldn’t be here, pretending to be someone he never was. He shouldn’t be here, pretending to be someone he can never really be. In someone else’s clothes, someone else’s fake life. He leans back, in a chair in a windowless room, listening to the promises of the woman who had led him in here, after he had told her that he needed this, that his friend told him to come here. But that’s as far as his brain had written the story he’d come up with on his way here, the lies he was supposed to tell to figure out if something more, something sinister, is going on here.
“Castiel’s dead. All the way dead. Because of you.” Dean repeats it over and over in his head, until he says it out loud, to himself, to no one. He digs his fingers into the soil beneath him, turning it over, wiping it across his face and his jeans. Sometimes, most of the time, when Dean felt like this, felt worthless and desperate, felt tormented by the ghosts of everyone gone, gone because of him, Castiel could make him numb to it all. Castiel could make him forget, about everything, with just his touch, with just his grace, with just whatever Dean asked him for. But now there’s nobody who can stop the screaming that never stops, never ends, inside Dean’s brain.
“Then why?”
“I’ll do whatever you want,” Dean says, because he knows how to fuck, and how to be fucked, because maybe that’s all he’s ever been to anyone.
He listens, for a few minutes more, to the voices inside the bar, to the sound of glasses clanking into dishes, and he thinks that, maybe, he should just get wasted, right here, try to convince the tired bartender with her dark hair pulled on top of her head, to go somewhere, some place with him when she gets off work. Then he won’t have to go back to the motel, won’t have to swallow all the things he wants to ask, all the things he wants to say, to Castiel. But some random night with some random woman might break him completely right now.
Beside her, Jack is quietly begging Sam to stop, asking someone to make this end. Ruby puts her hand on his back, “I’ll try.”
Dean has already told Castiel enough, more than he’s ever said, more than he meant to say. He rests his arms against Castiel’s legs. “So you really never—anything at all—with anyone?”
“You saved the entire world, Dean. You’re done. It’s over,” Castiel says.
Meg’s hand presses against me, and I’m sure she’s devouring whatever grace is left inside of me.
And Dean waits, for Castiel to say something, to say something that no one’s ever really meant when they’ve said it to him, but he just wraps his arm around Dean, pulls Dean against him, and succumbs to exhaustion.
“You and me, we aren’t that different,” Ruby rests her head on mine. “I used Sam to get what I wanted, you raised Dean from Perdition, or whatever, to try to give Heaven what it wanted, right? The only difference is that you didn’t obey your orders.”
At the foot of Dean’s bed, Ruby says, “There’s something wrong with Sam. And it’s not just the demon blood this time.”
“Not funny,” Ruby says.
“I ruined myself,” Castiel turns his eyes down, and starts to roll onto his back, but Dean stops him, presses his forehead into Castiel’s.
“But without…Jack’s grace…what about Chuck?”
Deep inside me, I can feel myself being pulled back, back to Earth. This spell, with Jack’s blood, it didn’t work to resurrect Cas—but Sam thought maybe, if he combined his blood with mine, he’d be able to resurrect whatever is left of me. “Sam’s going to bring me back, and when he does, it will bring you to Earth, to let go of me….and then, you can drain whatever grace is in me, in Jack, and I’ll give you the rest.”
And when they escape, to outside, Dean tells him that he hasn’t laughed that hard in years, before turning his eyes down, opening the car door. “I guess we just go wait now? Until morning. And then we find Raphael, and God?”
He’s avoided everyone, especially Cas, all day. Last night, every part of him wanted more, wanted everything, but instead, he let Cas fall asleep human for the first time in years, against him. Dean had talked him through the nightmares, the ones that Cas could never have as an angel, but that seemed to rush into Cas’ brain all at once somewhere around 3 am.
“We’ll be okay,” Sam opens the door to Eileen’s car. “We all will.”
Castiel shoves his arm against Chuck’s throat. “What are you doing to Sam? Fix him.”
“Because I was scared. Of what they would do to you, what they would do to me.” Castiel tilts his face toward the ceiling. “Once, they made me—made me watch another angel die. They made me read him the charges. They made me sentence him to death, because he’d broken our most sacred oath, because he’d lain with a human. I was afraid the same thing would happen to me. I was afraid they would do the same to you. And I was afraid of hurting you myself.”
But he’s still here, Castiel is still here, and they find each other behind the floral-patterned shower curtain. Dean rests his head on Castiel’s shoulder, pulls his gauze-wrapped arm out of the running water. “You’re not supposed to get it wet.” His lips brush against drops of water spread across Castiel’s skin. “It’s too early, for this, for anything.”
“You don’t.” I pull him up from the chair and he stumbles back, confused, tired. I tug on his shirt, bring his face closer to mine while backing him into the wall. I shouldn’t want this, I can’t possibly want this, he can’t possibly want this.
Jesus Saves, claims the marquee sign of a movie theater, its letters rocked crooked by the explosion from the store down the street. But Jesus and God, they aren’t going to stop this Apocalypse. Humanity’s only chance, to survive, to stop Armageddon, is Sam and Dean, and maybe Castiel, if he could steal all his powers back, from the angels who had cut him off. If he could find the demon, the one who he’d thrown into the flames, and tear her open from the inside out. And Castiel knows he should condemn himself to Hell, for liking the way it felt to take her, cover her body in holy fire.
He pulls himself up, mangled branches scrape across his back, and he brushes pieces of smashed berries off his shoulder. And he steps forward, across tattered patches of grass, to where the ground opens up to a small stream. He opens the bag slowly, splitting apart the plastic zipper, and he lets the ashes fall along sleeping flowers and cracking rocks.
“I’m sorry, Ruby.”
And he waits, turning in his chair to the window, to the early-evening darkness of almost-winter Manhattan, to the office buildings across the street, and to the balconies wrapped with multicolor holiday lights. He wants to regret all of this, or maybe even just some of this. He wants to regret the lies, the threats, the sex. He wants to believe that somewhere, deep inside him, he feels bad about what he’s about to do, what he’s been doing all along.
Maybe I could make a deal, with Chuck, let him murder the planet in exchange for bringing Cas back. Maybe there’s some spell, something in the Book of Damned, something, somewhere that will save him. Something, anything.
“I’m fine,” Castiel says, from behind the shower curtain. “Fine.”
The sounds of those being carved to nothing at the hands of Hell’s grand torturer leave a trail that Castiel follows down an icy void. This could be the end for Castiel. Maybe it’s his destiny, after millennia, to be strapped to Alastair’s rack, to be crucified in Hell for the wrath of God. And maybe that’s why Castiel was chosen for this mission. Because he’s a burden to his superiors. Because Castiel has always been a good soldier on the brink of deserting Heaven. He’s just never found a good enough reason to fall completely.
“Why?” Dean’s hands tighten around Castiel.
“New York. Did you send them there because you were sick of hearing them fuck?” Crowley moves his face back into the space between drivers’ and passengers’ seats.
Castiel lets his eyes follow Dean’s as he takes him by the shoulders, as he turns him so that Dean’s back is pressed against his chest, so that Castiel can slide himself down the wall to the floor, dragging Dean with him, down into the center of his legs. “Show me what you want,” Castiel says, into the back of Dean’s neck.
Castiel doesn’t know why he came back here, to this place where he’d failed, where Sam and Dean had failed, to stop Lucifer from bringing the world one step closer to the end. Cut off from Heaven, there’s nothing Castiel can do to fix this, to fix anything.
Castiel stares at the gravel below his feet, “What do you want?”
“I had to, Sam.”
“Hey, Jack,” a voice says. I can’t feel his power at all anymore, like I could before, but I know it’s him.
“It’s over,” Sam kicks aside the black cinders and burned-out cardboard.
But, when Castiel is tired of Heaven, tired of the utopias of humans long-forgotten, he lurks, invisible, outside, inside, Lisa Braeden’s house. And he watches Dean. He watches Dean rake leaves, watches Dean mow the lawn, watches Dean wash Lisa’s car, watches Dean make scrambled eggs, watches Dean try to convince himself that he’s normal, happy.
Dean sits up, and his eyes fall from Castiel’s mouth down to his neck, watching the way Castiel’s grace illuminates the space between them. And he wants to refuse this, he wants to banish Castiel back to wherever, but he needs to feel numb, he needs to sleep, he needs to stop the throbbing pain running through his skull.
“Why? Why would you want to do this?” Her nails tap, scrape against the desktop.
He falls forward onto Dean, onto Dean’s chest. The feeling of Castiel, releasing himself, is overwhelming. “Cas, God...fuck,” Dean muffles his words in Castiel’s hair.
“I hope that’s a promise,” Crowley runs his fingers through Castiel’s hair, pulling Castiel’s head closer to him.
Sam just says, “I think I understand now.” And I know that he knows everything, that he’s always known.
Dean can feel it, as soon as he sees Sam. There’s dried blood in the corners of his lips, down his throat, under his fingernails. “Get away from me,” Sam says. “I can’t control it.”
“Well, I like it.” I slide the box over to the edge of the table. “What do you want?”
On this road, Castiel’s orders are clear. The righteous man must be stopped, before he gives in, before he spills blood in Hell. The first seal can never be broken. The Apocalypse can never be unleashed. Because God commanded this. God commanded that Castiel save Dean Winchester.
“Stop being so fucking dramatic, Moose, and get up,” Crowley extends his hand towards Sam, like some kind of peace offering. “Let’s go find the Devil.”
“Yeah, thanks.” Dean leans backward, turns his face up to blurry stars and broken clouds. He watches her as she walks away, walks toward the road, walks out of Dean’s view.
Dean stands, and Castiel pulls at his jeans, unbuttoning them, letting them drop to the floor. His eyes turn up to Dean and he runs his tongue over Dean’s stomach, trailing down to his pelvis. Dean drops his wet shirt on the ground and bends, knocking Castiel backward, and sliding his body down onto his. The feeling of Dean, all of Dean, Dean’s skin against his own, it’s almost like Castiel can feel Dean’s soul again.
“Yeah, take him. Like I said, I need to keep trying—trying to find Lucifer. Or more innocent people are going to die.” Sam pulls his laptop back in front of him. “I’m sure Cas won’t mind.”
Once, Chuck cured me of the demon blood addiction, and of all the yellow-eyed-demon-child abilities. But now, I think he’s letting me relapse.
“That’s what you want?” Castiel tilts his head into Dean’s arm.
He can still hear the sounds, of others, who have come here, down the hall. The clanking of glasses from the bar that’s just a front for whatever this place is. The murmur of music that’s unrecognizable underneath the noise of an overhead fan.  “I don’t know what I want,” he says. “Or maybe I do, and maybe I know that I’ll never have it.” Castiel turns his eyes to the fake-hardwood floor, to avoid hers, because the words coming out of his mouth are his truth, the truth he wouldn’t speak to anyone, and he doesn’t know why he’s saying them now, saying them here.
Dean’s lips separate from Castiel’s skin, and he pulls Castiel’s hand across his own throat, so that Castiel can seal away whatever grace he has left. “What do you want, Cas?”
“I’m so, so sorry,” he signs.
Castiel pulls his face backward. “I do everything you want, when you want, right?” He lowers his hand, lets it rest in his lap, lets Dean’s body shatter in front of him, watches the way Dean trembles, watches the way Dean bites into the pillow beside him to silence himself. Dean struggles to regain control, over his body, over himself, until he slides up on the bed, pulls Castiel’s shoulders toward him until his tongue is inside of Castiel’s mouth, until Castiel falls against him. “Fuck me, I need you to, I need to feel something. Don’t do this, don’t leave me like this.”
His powers, his abilities, that he once used against demons, against Hell—they’re all back, and he’d give anything to use them, against God—but he realizes, God is using it all against him. That God is destroying him from the inside out.
Sam pulls Dean’s head back, tilts his face up toward the crimson horizon. “Kill Cas, and Chuck will bring everyone, Eileen, back,” Sam presses Dean’s gun into his palm. “Do it, for me, because you made me into the hunter I never wanted to be. So kill him, so I can have Eileen, so I can finally have what I deserve.”
He lifts Castiel’s arm onto his fingertips, and he wraps the beige gauze around and around. Blood is still dripping from Castiel’s palm, trickling under Dean’s nails as he fastens bandages around Castiel’s hand, and Dean applies pressure with his own fingers until it seems to slow down.. “This should be okay, for now. I’m not used to this—to seeing you bleed.”
Castiel turns his face up to the sky, up to the iridescent pillars of the Northern Lights, as he lets Dr. Matthew J. Taylor sink beneath the icy waters, as he lets the tattered remains of Dean’s life with Lisa float away. And Castiel prays, to anyone, to no one, to the green and blue and pink streams of color that dance across the stars, that he’s doing the right thing. Working with Crowley. Looking for Purgatory. Erasing every remnant of Dean from Lisa’s brain. Because that’s what Dean wanted. Because maybe that’s what Castiel wanted too.
“But, I guess, I can,” Dean says. Castiel’s hands grasp at Dean’s wrists, as Dean pushes him back into the wall, as Dean’s mouth crushes against his. The way Dean kisses him, is different than the way that Sarah from the brothel, kissed him, is different than anything Castiel has ever let himself feel. Dean’s mouth is urgent, rough, and he pulls Castiel up, along the exposed sheetrock, until they’re both standing, Castiel’s knee slipping in between Dean’s legs as Dean shoves his body against his. Dean’s tongue moves along his teeth, along the roof of his mouth, he swallows Castiel’s chin, and moves up his jaw and cheek, to Castiel’s ear. “Last night on Earth, maybe, and this is really what you want? Me?”
This is where, when, maybe, Castiel should run again, run forever. While he can still beg to be redeemed by Heaven. While he can still pretend he wants to be forgiven. While he can still pretend that he wouldn’t fall from grace, over and over, fall for eternity, for Dean Winchester.
There was no chance now, without Jack’s powers, that they could bring down Chuck. It was only a matter of time until they were all dead, again.
But he gives in, tilts his head backward, letting me run my mouth down his neck.  “Cas – I can’t – we can’t…” His voice trails off into my ear.
“Fuck you. Where is he?”
His cheek brushes across my lips, and he pushes his hips back into mine. And I can’t stand it anymore, can’t stand how hard I am, can’t stand the way his body convulses when he finishes all over the table. I shove myself inside him, pressing him face-down on the table.
She tilts her head onto her shoulder. “I thought you looked like you could use something.”
“Okay, thanks I guess.” Dean opens the glove compartment and pulls out a cassette, and shoves it into the tape deck. “I need some Zeppelin to keep me awake this early.”
Castiel kisses him again, and this time, Dean complies, complies with Castiel’s lips, complies with Castiel’s tongue and hands and body, complies with the way Castiel pulls his jeans down to his knees, down to his ankles, down to the floor. “You want me to stop, you want to trust me, you want whatever this is, but you don’t want to listen to me. But I’ll give you what you want, anyway, because that’s what I do I guess.” Castiel slides himself down Dean’s body, until his mouth runs along Dean’s thighs, until he takes Dean into his mouth, rolls the tip of his tongue along Dean, until Dean’s fingers are in his hair, pulling him back up to Dean’s face.
I throw the books onto the ground. I’m dizzy, exhausted, confused. I lean back, my mouth wrapped around the tip of the bottle. I drink until I think I’m almost dead, because maybe I deserve to be.
The light from his phone makes him squint in the darkness as he scrolls through his search results. He can’t find anything, anything that’s right, anything right for Castiel. There’s an urn painted with a hummingbird hovering over purple orchids, one painted with a child’s hands freeing a butterfly over a field of grass, one with a cross floating in a sky of full of clouds. There are small ones, for infants, ones in the shape of dogs with angel wings. Heart-shaped charms meant to be stuffed with some piece of a dead family member and hung around someone’s neck.
There are ten or fifteen tabs open on Sam’s internet browser. Online dating sites. Online college courses. Law school application information. Dean pretends to ignore it and half-skims the article underneath a picture of three cops standing behind police tape, standing at the foot of some glass-covered building. Fourth Man Missing Heart Discovered in Wall Street Office. “Sounds like our kind of thing I guess.”
“I don’t belong in Hell.” But even I don’t believe that. All of the people I’ve hurt, all of the things I’ve done to protect the Winchesters and Jack. I’ve destroyed Heaven. Killed more angels than I can even remember. “What’s happening to me?”
“It will help you forget, for awhile.” Castiel leans back, his shoulder rubbing into Dean’s as he moves backward. The very touch of Dean, against him, is enough to make Castiel forget about God, Heaven, everything.
Castiel’s fingers fumble around Dean’s neck and across his face. He still doubts that Dean wants him, wants a broken shell of a once-angel, but Dean’s mouth is relentless, and Castiel wraps his hands around Dean’s wrists.
“You—you’re my fucking win. And you’re standing here, doubting me, doubting us. Telling me that you disappeared, didn’t answer me, for what? To find Kelly Kline? To kill her?” Dean holds Castiel’s chin, tilts it up towards his face. “You’re my fucking win, and I was afraid I’d lost you.”
But there are nights, like tonight, when Dean sleeps in stillness. When Dean’s breath is steady and quiet. When his lips fall open and a small stream of saliva drips down his chin. Nights when Castiel imagines that he could close his eyes, fall asleep next to Dean, and wake up in some world without angels and demons and ghosts.
Sam looks down the desolate road, remembers all the times, in the middle of the night in some shared hotel room, that Dean would call out to Castiel in his sleep, in his dreams. He remembers all the times he wanted to ask Dean how he really felt about Cas, all the times he had assumed that Dean and Cas had already spent countless nights together. And he says, “If you don’t want to tell me, that’s fine. But I know anyway.”
She pulls her mouth away from his. “What? Not good enough for you?”
I fucked up. Because that’s what I do. It was my idea to come back here, to find Billie. It’s my fault Cas is gone.
And Castiel prays that, there will never be forgiveness from Heaven, for the things he’s done. He prays that he’ll be exiled, doomed to humanity, for the things they’ve done and the things they’re going to do. He turns his eyes up to Dean standing in front of him. To Dean, whose shirt is somewhere on the bathroom floor. To Dean, who still has vampire blood streaked across his forehead and chin. “How many were there?” Castiel tries to drag Dean closer, tries to pull at Dean’s arm.
“Yeah, and killing everyone around him.” Sam opens the minivan’s console. It’s filled with Disney Princess Band-Aids, hand sanitizer, tissues, baby wipes. This was all he could find, at some house a twenty-minute walk from the Bunker. This was all he could find, that looked like it would withstand a sixteen-hour drive to kill the Devil.
“Well, not with Enochian handcuffs like you tried with Vince Vincente.” Crowley leans forward, into the space between the driver’s and passenger sets. “And we have to find him first.”
But there’s nothing, nothing but silence, and Dean knows, it was always going to end like this. Because everything always ends in blood and death and ashes for Dean Winchester.
“I would break you in half,” Castiel turns his face up toward the sky, at the sliver of moon half-hidden behind the clouds.
“I saved you.” Castiel sits up, hair disheveled, the collar of the wrinkled t-shirt that Sam let him borrow falling forward.
Dean’s anger, with himself, with everything, I know that’s only part of what’s driving him now. There’s things that Dean won’t admit, maybe even to himself, so I agree, to let him do this, because I know he wants this, more than anything.
Because now, Castiel can feel his own sweat dripping down his face and his neck, and now all he wants is to take Dean apart right here, right on these blue-paisley-covered sheets.
“I wanted to,” Dean raises himself on his elbows. “And I thought you did…”
Castiel has heard stories, from other angels, angels who were now long-banished and long-dead, about what it felt like, to submit to humanity, to know the inside of a human body as something other than a vessel. But this, the way Castiel feels invincible to everything on this Earth except Dean, the way Dean could destroy him right now just by stopping, by pulling away, isn’t like anything in Heaven, Hell, or anywhere else in this godforsaken universe.
There’s a bright flash of white light, and I can’t see or hear anything, and when it’s over, Dean lays motionless in the dirt. I didn’t do this right, he couldn’t handle it, I murdered my own brother.
“I’m sorry about your husband,” Castiel says, because he knows that’s what Dean is going to say.
And he knows Dean Winchester doesn’t belong in Hell.
“I won’t do that either.” Castiel squints against the light.
“Right, it’s a big bank. I have connections. How do you think most of these people became so successful?” Crowley slams the van door shut. “I own most of their souls.”
His phone has been vibrating in his pocket all afternoon. Texts from Donna, Jody, Charlie, Claire, Garth, Bobby, thanking him, telling him that everyone is fine, telling him it’s all because of him. They don’t know, how close he had been to the edge. How he had prayed for Amara to save Cas, how he had prayed for Amara to just take him instead.
The sound of the key card in the door tears through the room and Castiel pulls himself up to the edge of the bed, letting his hand fall away from his disheveled clothes. It’s only Dean, who walks through the door, only Dean who drops a duffel bag onto the floor, only Dean whose face and jeans are dotted with crimson splatter.  “Where’s Sam?” Castiel’s feet dig into the worn rug beneath him.
“What do you want, Cas?” Dean asks, again, leaning forward, across Castiel’s chest.
“You don’t even know the things I’ve done, Dean, since the last time we had—the last time we did something like this.” Castiel tries not to focus on the way Dean’s moves his hand across his own body, down his stomach. “I don’t deserve to touch you, Dean. I don’t deserve anything.”
It had been Dean’s idea to stop. Stop the slow sacrifice of Castiel’s grace, stop what had once been sacred between them all along, the thing they had done night after night before they let their bodies give into each other completely. It was Dean’s idea to stop because, sometimes, all he wants is to tear every piece of Heaven out of Castiel’s body.
And he knows Sam is furious with him because he gave up Jack’s grace, gave up their chances of beating Chuck and getting Eileen back, to save Cas. But, really, Dean doesn’t care, because for once, he let himself have what he wanted, what he needed, without surrendering it for the greater good.
So Castiel drives, drives past warehouses and a never-ending airport parking lot. He drives as Dean closes his eyes, as Dean falls asleep with his head against the window and his neck bent to the side. Castiel has watched Dean sleep for hours and hours, lying beside him and he’s silenced Dean’s nightmares over and over. He’s held Dean, through three-in-the-morning fits of terror and fear, when Dean couldn’t stop reliving some hunt gone wrong. And, with every monster-wracked dream that Castiel banishes from Dean’s brain, Castiel wishes, prays, that he could pull Dean away from this life, away from the constant threat of death and the Devil.
“I can’t, Dean,” Sam tilts his head toward the ceiling. “And I don’t want to. This time, I’m giving in. Giving God what he wants. It’s my only chance, to be happy, my only chance to bring Eileen back.”
“Fuck Chuck,” I say. “Did you ever think maybe I want to help?”
The shadows move and, above all the screaming, I hear it.  “Dean Winchester?”
I shove the spoon into my mouth, so that the crunching sound drowns out the noises coming from Sam and Dean’s bedrooms. In the morning, I’ll pretend that I have no idea what happened here tonight. That I know nothing about Sam and the demon we dragged back from the Empty. That I’m oblivious to whatever is going on between Dean and Cas, even though it was all obvious to me for so long.
“Maybe what?” Dean rests his fingers on the table in front of Castiel, rests his fingers almost against Castiel’s arm.
The pills that Sam had given him to help the throbbing in his head aren’t helping. He still feels weak, hurt, human. He remembers the last time he’d been human, when he’d been preyed upon, homeless, tortured. When he’d been hungry and lost and used. This was different, and this was all his fault.
“I didn’t know,” Castiel says. “I didn’t know Crowley would take them.”
“Cas,” Dean pulls at Castiel’s hair, his hand falling down the side of Castiel’s cheek. He opens Castiel’s mouth with his fingers, slips himself in between Castiel’s teeth.
“Are you happy…now?” Dean asks.
“Not yet, I will, I promise,” he says, pushing his body against hers. “After Christmas. You know, I don’t want to ruin Christmas for the kids.”
And he drives back past churches and schools and houses, that are now filled with the light of daytime, of kids leaving for school with backpacks and lunch bags, of mothers and fathers and husbands and wives kissing each other good-bye, for six or eight or ten hours.
Sam doesn’t know whose house this is, and he doesn’t know what he’s doing here, listening to Crowley tapping his foot against the floor, Crowley pouring himself another glass of whatever. He just knows he can’t go back to Kansas, can’t go back to sitting in the Bunker alone, can’t go back to pretending that everything is fine, that he isn’t losing his mind at the thought of Lucifer roaming free through vessel after vessel.
“We’ve had some similar—identical cases in other states.” Castiel’s eyes drift to the wedding photo on the mantle above a fireplace, a centerpiece to class photos of a son and daughter, emblazoned with names, years, grades. David, 2016, 9th Grade, Kristin, 2016, 12th Grade. There’s a painting on the wall of a horse running through a meadow. A vase full of fake yellow and white roses on the coffee table rests crookedly on a pile of mail. The kinds of things he sees in the houses of every family marred by some supernatural tragedy, the kinds of things he sees every time he goes along with Sam and Dean’s act. The kinds of things that don’t really matter, when some monster has ripped apart your husband or father.
Castiel turns his head turn, runs his hands along the tiled wall above the shower, lets Dean’s fingers crawl from his back to around his stomach, lets the stream from the showerhead fall over his face. “You were the one who made me leave.”
Sometimes, Sam waits for some kind of confession from Dean. An acknowledgment of what Sam already knows. Because, this, all the pretend-denial and all the lies about all-night movie marathons when Castiel stumbles out of Dean’s room at eight in the morning, feels like a betrayal. Like Dean believes Sam’s reaction would be something other than relief. Relief that, finally, Dean has something, someone he deserves. Relief that, finally, maybe, Dean isn’t about to lose his mind.
“Where were you? Were you hurt? What was it like?” Sam takes a sip of his own coffee, and it spills down his chin and onto his shirt. He wipes it with the back of his hand.
“This should be you, doing this for me, you stupid bastard,” Dean says, his breath struggling against his own anguish. “Fuck you for leaving me, Cas. I need you. And you’re just gone. And I can’t bring you back. Fuck you, I’m sorry, I can’t do this.”
“I don’t know.” Castiel exhales into Dean’s mouth. “We’re each other’s.”
Castiel slides further from him, and Dean arches his neck back to look at him, just enough so that Castiel can see the dark circles under his eyes, the way his cheeks are drained and sallow. He parts his lips, and starts to say something, but drinks his beer instead. He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, and slides his palm behind his head, and his fingers rest maybe an inch away from Castiel’s.
“I erased part of two people’s lives tonight. I erased you from Lisa’s memory and Ben’s memory, destroyed something that was a part of both of them. Destroyed something they loved. And I did it all for you,” Castiel pulls at the collar of Dean’s t-shirt. “If you can’t trust me after all this, I can’t give you what you need.”
The suit Dean had worn to play FBI agent earlier today is still strewn on the bed, tie dangling off the mattress-edge onto the hardwood floor. He pushes the wrinkled pile to the ground, and he turns to Castiel, slides his fingers down the buttons of Castiel’s shirt. “Sorry about your date. Seems like it sucked.”
Sam knows that this is probably a mistake. That this probably won’t end well. That this is all his fault. He had told Eileen to meet him here, in this park, because he knew there would be too many people here—walking, jogging, playing—for her to really rip him apart. Even though he knows that’s really what he deserves, after all this.
“What are you talking about?”
“I know,” Amara says. “Neither do I.”
“So this is it?” Dean is still counting Sam’s heart beats, still wondering if this is all Chuck, still wondering if Chuck will be back to murder them all. “Cas is just human, and Sam and me—we’re normal? Hunters with nothing to hunt?”
“That’s bullshit, Cas,” Dean rolls onto his side, lifting himself up onto Castiel’s chest, hanging onto the collar of Castiel’s jacket. Castiel lets Dean’s mouth find his, lets Dean’s body settle across his own. This is something like it used to be, but it’s something different, something broken. Dean’s lips are cautious, distant, and his hips refuse to rest against Castiel’s. “Whatever happens here tonight, whatever we do, it doesn’t change anything.”
Dean falls back into the cushion of the loveseat. It’s soft and clean and it wraps itself around his back. It reminds him that, all of his life, for as long as he can remember, he mostly sleeps, or tries to sleep, on the broken mattresses and the dirty sheets of forsaken motels. It reminds him that this life will never let him have a loveseat he can sink himself into, will never let him have anything but loss and confusion. It reminds him that this, this sprawling apartment with its glass windows overlooking all of the City, isn’t something that he can ever have.
But Dean knows that if he admits, to himself, to Castiel, why this is different, he’ll lose his mind. Because if Castiel doesn’t feel the same way as Dean, even now, even human, Dean can’t blame it on some kind of celestial incapacity, some kind of failure, to understand what this has always been about. It just means that Castiel doesn’t fucking love him back.
It should be.
“So that’s it? You’d just abandon me…Cas, and Jack too?”
Jack, fuck saving him, fuck saving the world.
“I did what I had to.”
“Yeah, you really seem fine.” The door of the Impala creaks as Dean slams it shut.
It hurts, because Dean knows how this is going to end, knows that he can’t take Castiel away from here, away from the minimum wage-mundane hell of being normal, of being human. It hurts, because Dean wanted this, but not like this, not after cleaning a supernatural crime scene and dumping dead vessels. Not with Castiel’s makeshift-cast-covered hand brushing against his ass.
He pulled me out of Hell, I’ll pull him out of nothingness and despair. If it’s the end of me.
There’s only Castiel, and Dean has never needed, wanted, anyone, ever, as much as he needs Castiel, right now.
But now, human and broken, Castiel just wants to fuck.
“Have you ever?” I let his flannel shirt fall off him, down to the floor. “I mean, like this?”
Eileen nods. “Dean will be okay. So will you. So will I. Someday.”
Being powerless, feeling like Dean has control over every inch of him, is new to him, and it’s like nothing he’s ever felt, ever, in hundreds of millions of years.
The Empty still looks like Meg. And it just laughs, with Meg’s face and Meg’s smile. She laughs and laughs and laughs until it drowns out all the terror, the never-ending screaming. Forever in Hell, would probably be better than this.
Castiel knows he needs this, to prove that he’s faithful. To prove to the other angels that he’s not on the edge of defiance, rebellion.
“I know,” Dean kisses Castiel’s neck, moving up to his jaw.
He doesn’t listen, he lets the Shadow crawl up his body, and he fights it, trying to back away from its grip, trying to peel it off him. I reach out, wrap my hand around his ankle, pulling him to the ground. He drops the vial, and its swallowed up into the Empty.
“Dean, I’ll be fine. I’ll probably just stay here the whole time. It’s not like we have anything on Lucifer. Maybe I’ll text Eileen, see where she is.” Sam runs his finger along the edge of his cup. “Just go with Cas.”
“Do you still want me? Even if I told you that I’m about to do something terrible?” Castiel asks.
The road to Hell is a road worn to scorched barrenness by the souls of billionaires and politicians and evangelical missionaries. A road traveled not only by inescapable heat and the screams of the tormented, but by overwhelming smell of decay and never-ending persecution.
“I think, mostly, I fucked everything up,” Sam puts his hand on hers. “It wasn’t me who saved you, and it wasn’t me who brought everyone back. Eileen, you need to know what happened, I need to let you know, the things I did—and then, I need you to decide if you really want to be with me.”
“Fuck you,” Sam lifts his head toward Chuck.
She pulls her dark hair behind her and leans back in her chair. “Where’d Dean go?” she asks.
I could bring back Eileen, bring back everyone.
Dean’s sweat drips onto the back of Castiel’s neck. He pulls his body away from Castiel’s, completely drained, and drops onto the bed beside him. Shuddering from the feeling of Dean slipping out of him, Castiel turns his head toward Dean, his hands still gripping the edges of the sheets. What they just did, the things Dean had muttered into his ear while they did it, is more than Castiel can even begin to comprehend right now.
“I’m cursed,” Dean puts his chin down on Castiel’s shoulder, puts his face down into the ground that has quickly transformed to mud. His hands, wet and cold, push Castiel’s backward.
If Dean could put this into words, if Dean even begin to describe how this feels, he would say that Castiel’s grace makes his mind close to blank, makes him forget about the demons and the monsters, makes him forget about his dead kid who’s probably lost in Purgatory. It makes him feel complete. Castiel makes him feel complete. Castiel is maybe what he was missing, all the years he felt alone and lost, all the nights he thought about running away to nowhere.
“Don’t leave me here, like this, tonight. Don’t leave me like you always do,” Dean turns away from Castiel, letting his back press into Castiel’s chest.
“Talk about what?” Dean opens his eyes and turns to Sam. There’s gravel and dirt in Dean’s hair, and Sam wonders just how much he’s had to drink in the past 24 hours, but the demon blood flowing through Sam reminds him that it’s not something he wants to bring up right now.
I pull him up until his back is arched up toward me. I can’t think of anything else other than the way he feels all around me, I can’t hear anything other than the sound of our bodies moving together. He lets me touch him everywhere, lets me do whatever I want to him.
Tonight is different. Tonight, she finds him in the middle of a grayed-out landscape, in the middle of dying flowers and trees. She’s visited him before, maybe once, maybe twice. Her hair is tangled and blonde or maybe light-brown and Dean doesn’t even remember if this is really what she looked like, and he doesn’t remember if this is really how her voice sounded. He doesn’t remember anything about her, except that her name was Emma, and that she was his, and that he watched her die. She takes him by the wrists and she says, over and over, “You were my father. You were my father and you didn’t save me.” She brings his hands up to her shoulders. “You were my father and you wouldn’t protect me, wouldn’t give your life for mine. But your father, didn’t he die for you? You should have—”
Sam turns to her, resting his elbow on the car door. “Yeah. Dean and I, we need, I don’t know, some kind of closure. And this, this will be the end of everything that has tied us to this life. The end of…the road, the end of our roadmap, I guess.”'
Castiel tells himself that this is no longer blasphemy, treason. And Dean can feel Castiel’s fingers inside of him, can feel Castiel spreading him open, can feel Castiel splitting him apart, filling him completely.
And he walks, until he can’t anymore, because the sound of Castiel’s ashes, slipping from side to side against the crinkling plastic, is all he can hear, with each step.
And now I’ve been used up, used up by Dean, all to save Cas. And there’s nothing I can do to stop Chuck, to bring back the world. But I’d rather have Cas back, out of the Empty, even if that means that this is the end.
“Something like that.” Sam slides out of the van and onto the ground beside it. In the image of himself formed in the minivan’s window, he adjusts his tie. He fixes the collar on his shirt. He tries to flatten the wrinkles that have become folded into his suit jacket and pants during the drive here. Sometimes, in his reflection, he can see it, how he’s slowly losing whatever discipline he maybe had gained again, how he’s struggling to deny himself what he once told himself he needed to save Dean, save the world, save himself.
I press my lips against his, sliding my tongue past his teeth. He tastes like cheap alcohol and the stubble on his face brushes into my chin. He tries to push me away, for a second, but I take his wrists and hold them down against his sides. I’ve wanted this for too long to let him stop me.
Dean would have killed Jack, last night, tonight, would kill him right now, if Sam let him. Because Jack needs to die. Because Jack will never stop reminding him of Cas.
Sam steps forward, next to Dean, “You should start. This was your idea first.”
And I can feel the Empty, pulling Jack’s grace from inside me, and I can feel myself, getting weaker, but I reach down, into the rift, and I pull Cas’ almost-dead-almost-human body from it. The black goop spits out Ruby, and it spits out Jack, and it makes its way up Sam’s legs, up his stomach. He’s still holding the glowing vial, with the rest of Jack’s grace, and I tell him to let go, to give the Empty what it wants.
She signs, “thank you” and sits down beside him, placing her bag down on the ground. She leans her head on his shoulder, “I missed you.”
And then came the dreams, the ones Chuck said were just his visions of another Sam and Dean Winchester, in some other universe. The dreams that didn’t stop even my connection with Chuck was broken. The dreams that reminded me of the nightmares I had about Jess, long before I found her burning alive.
