In the end, he decided, as he walked the way towards his house, he would give Dean a day and if he had not texted him by then, he would do it himself. He had started this thing whatever it was and now he was determined to see it through, wherever it would take him. His heart wouldn’t let him choose anything else.
His husband’s voice was eerily calm and Dean was completely awake within an instant. Something was wrong.
He swallowed heavily and shook his head.
“Could you drive me to the Providence Hospital?” he asked, trying to appear as inconspicuous as possible.
Dean shifted a little. It always made him nervous to be interrogated like this, even when normally the answers he gave were sticking to the truth. This time, it was even harder, lying to Alastair to his face and trying to stay calm about it. Although technically, he wasn’t lying, not really.
Without really thinking about it, Castiel rubbed his fingers over the back of Dean’s hand. At first, Dean tensed underneath the slow, tender movements, but after a quick glance into Castiel’s worried eyes, he relaxed and allowed the caress to continue.
“Cas.”
They both drained half their glasses and Gabriel smirked at Castiel when he saw the look of utter disgust on his brother’s face.
“Dean. What is it?” Castiel tenderly cupped Dean’s cheek, pulling his face up with gentle force, so that he was looking at him.
When Castiel turned to him, Dean was once again tense, his head bent down as if he was scared to take a look at Castiel’s house. As if he weren’t allowed to do so, because that would suggest a kind of freedom he clearly wasn’t accustomed to.
Without his consent, a stupid smile crept upon his lips and he shook his head in frustration when he realized it. But his brain was not catching up. Instead of providing him with ideas on how to forget this man who seemed to have an almost drug-like effect on him, it fed him images of the Dean that he had seen today: Dean on the stage, at the microphone stand, eyes glistening underneath the spotlight, while singing those beautiful familiar words. The way the words had seemed to come right from the very depths of his soul, the way his body moved as it created the most beautiful sounds a human being could produce. Castiel knew that he would do anything to hear that voice singing again. Just once would suffice and he would die a happy man.
Dean swallowed heavily and tried to make himself relax under the probing fingers of his husband. He fought to keep his breathing under control, and he felt tiny beads of sweat forming in the back of his neck, but he remained standing still, waiting for Alastair to decide what to do next.
The light from the fireplace was casting flickering shadows across Dean’s face, making him appear like an ethereal creature: a beautiful vision from another world. His long lashes fluttered as he blushed underneath Castiel’s sympathetic cerulean eyes.
A few hours later he had unpacked the rest of his stuff, had given all his flowers some water and he had eaten. His homemade chocolate chip cookies were already finished and ready to be gifted to hungry neighbours. He put them in a nice basket and whistled with two fingers, one second later a happy Shoshanna stood right in front of him with a waggling tail. He put her on the leash and with the full basket under his arm they stepped outside.
A gentle hand reached out and softly pushed his head to the side, while the other hand on his hipbone slipped beneath him simultaneously and then he was flipped. Dean found himself on his back, with his head still in Alastair’s lap but now he was looking directly into his husband’s eyes and he froze when he saw tenderness in them, instead of anger.
Who knew what Dean would tell the police now if they asked him what had happened?
Alastair’s cold blue eyes studied his face with scrutiny, as if searching for something. He took another step forward and Castiel nearly growled in warning. They were almost touching, and he could feel Alastair quite literally breathe down his neck as he looked Castiel up and down, appraising him very openly and without shame.
Castiel’s heart fell but he tried to keep smiling and he nodded at the men in front of them.
Charlie and Jo looked at each other and squealed again, this time even louder.
“Is that so?” Castiel exhaled deeply and he grinned. “I’m relieved to hear you say that.”
He took another deep breath as he turned towards the staircase. Slowly, he made his way upstairs, concentrating on breathing normally, trying not to hyperventilate. He mustn’t appear nervous or afraid, that would ruin his chances of explaining everything to Alastair in a convincing manner. He straightened himself up as he reached their bedroom, took another deep breath and entered.
His first reaction when Charlie called was relief that Dean was alive. His next reaction was despair because even though Dean was alive he had no way of knowing how he really was. Had Alastair added to his many injuries? Had he beaten him again, was he keeping him inside the house, hurt and helpless? His imagination was going wild, driving him crazy and when Charlie realized that he was freaking out she came over at once, talking to him for an hour until he finally calmed down enough not to rush over to the Christensen’s house, bang at their door, and demand that Alastair let Dean go right now or else.
“Hello, Sir, I’m Castiel Novak, I just moved here and wanted to introduce myself.” He offered his hand and the tall man shook it at once. His hand was large, his fingers long and lean, his grip was very tight and Castiel felt a little disturbed by the intense look the man gave him, his eyes dark and intelligent. After a few seconds the man’s face lit up as if he remembered something.
“Please, “he murmured, “you don’t know what you’re doing to me.”
“Yeah, of course. Well, as I said, I’m Castiel, I’m thirty years old and I moved here all the way from Phoenix. I’m partnering with Dr. Lindt at her practice, I’m the new vet in town, so to say.”
Dean blushed a little and took Castiel’s hand. Castiel gripped him tight and pulled him up. Suddenly they stood face to face and they both hastily took a step back so they would have some space to breathe.
On his other hand and legs too.
“He would.” Dean’s voice was bitter, the muscles in his jaw twitching as he tilted his head to the side. “I know he would. You don’t know how he is, Cas. He gets obsessed. He would not stop until he found us, believe me. I wouldn’t put it past him to frame you with some sort of crime, make law enforcement all over the state look for you and then what would we do?  Besides, I would never make you leave Medford, Castiel! You have built your home here, your practice. Your life is here. I would resent myself forever for doing that to you.”
He stepped forward, raising Castiel’s hand to his face, pushing against it as he closed his eyes.
He sighed as he put the medical kit away and looked at himself in the bathroom mirror. He was appalled at the sight of the worn and weary look on his face, the circles under his eyes, the pallid nature of his skin, the hopelessness reflected at him, so pure and direct, it was unbearable, so he left the bathroom at once. He didn’t want to look at his own pathetic reflection anymore.
When he had settled into a somewhat comfortable position, he looked expectantly up at Castiel.
“Yes?” Her voice was soft now as was her gaze and she looked at him patiently, giving him space to figure out his words.
Dean blushed and looked down. “So many questions at once. Are you really interested? I don’t think I could tell you anything exciting…”, he said quietly.
After walking in the cold for ten minutes he reached the town center and he exhaled in relief when he saw a taxi parked at the side of the road, its yellow light on the top illuminated. He knocked on the driver’s door who promptly rolled his window down.
Keeping his eyes on Castiel, as if he still expected him to pounce on him to drag him away, Dean relaxed a little.
With a strength he didn’t know he possessed Dean forced his body to relax again as he swallowed and continued breathing.
He would probably be appalled at the way Dean had just surrendered his body to Alastair after what he had done to him. He wouldn’t understand why Dean had done it. That was the sad truth behind everything. Castiel thought he was falling in love with him, but he was deluding himself. He was just a little charmed, maybe by Dean’s shy nature but he didn’t really know him. They never had the chance to really get to know each other and now it was over.
“Cas.”
“N-no?”
Shoshanna howled at him as she sensed his changed demeanour and he leaned down to pet her head absently.
“So, “Castiel said with a casual look at Dean, “it seems you like dogs?”
Dean’s eyes widened. “Oh God, no, you done nothing! Oh God, I’m being ridiculous again, aren’t I?” He wiped frantically at his eyes and he stepped a little away from Castiel. His breathing was quite agitated now.
“Okay, okay!” Castiel raised his hands, palms up, in a hopefully reassuring manner. “You don’t have to go! It’s alright, I won’t force you! Please calm down!”
He looked up at her with a grateful but tired smile.
He trailed off, seeing the disbelief growing in Dean’s wide eyes and he shook his head, smiling sadly. “I don’t want to overwhelm you, Dean, I’m sorry. I know it is a lot. But...I just need you to understand that this is not a game for me. I mean it when I say that I care about you. A lot. These past few weeks have been horrible for me. Seeing what he’s capable of...what he’s doing to you - regularly!... I-I was going crazy over the thought of you being alone with him again. I couldn’t sleep, I barely ate. I was hardly able to handle talking to other people because Dean, I was only ever thinking of you. “
His fingers clenched into the pillow in his lap and suddenly his throat felt very tight.
I'm sorry because we're continuing right where we left off with the angst...
He stepped even nearer, and his breath was hot against Dean’s face as the man’s eyes dropped to stare at Dean’s lips.
He was just leaving the school, already drawing up plans in his mind to change into comfy slacks as soon as he got home and listen to some music with a good cup of coffee, maybe take a hot bath, when someone behind him called his name. He stopped and turned.
The fingers pressed down now, closing in around his throat and Dean’s breath hitched.
“Uh, uhm, no, I didn’t, “he said and smiled as he sat down next to her, laying down his food in front of him on the table.
“I’ve made dinner. We should eat.”
“I’m leaving, “he shouted into his brother’s ear.
“Good. Let’s go home then, shall we?”
Finally, he collapsed onto the ground next to his car, leaning his head wearily against it. All the fight left him and now he felt empty and hollow inside.
No. There was only maybe one person that would really grieve for him ….
“He will need a cast as well as a bit of physiotherapy. But yes, he will be fine.”
Everything else was meaningless right now.
Time flew by fast at work and he somehow managed not to think about Dean most of the time. Even Meg’s tedious teasing had its merits which was the reason why he regularly engaged in a sort of verbal battle with her – it made the time pass even quicker. One late afternoon, when the last appointment of the day - old Mrs. Keely who showed up regularly with her ancient Norwegian cat to have her claws cut - decided to tell him the story of her life, he humored her, patting her wrinkly delicate hands in empathy when she told him how sad she was about seeing her grandchildren so rarely although his heart ached a little when she mentioned how much she had loved her late husband, that he had been the love of her life and she was a little lost and lonely since his passing.
“But you wouldn’t be able to teach him that, would you?” Alastair continued as his stare bore into Dean. He avoided his gaze but still he could feel it on his skin, tearing into him with an intensity that almost hurt physically.
He reached out and softly placed his hand on Dean’s arm, softly brushing his thumb over the stiff flesh to calm Dean down. Dean was still staring at him, and there was something in his forest-green eyes that made Castiel’s heart stutter in his chest. A blooming kind of wonder, curiousness, and maybe even longing, but he could be wrong about that.
Castiel snorted derisively. “Wait a second. Are you seriously threatening me right now? I could report you, you know?”
“Alright, “he said, thankfully sounding firmer than he had expected, and he held up the sheets. “Come on then.”
“Yes, you’re right, I should just do it, “he agreed. He patted Shoshanna’s head fondly and with another shaky sigh he typed his words in.
After ten minutes they were finished. Castiel took the wet towel from Dean and beckoned towards the bottle Dean had brought with him.
It was really frustrating and Castiel could only deal with the disappointment by throwing himself into his work. Because it was only his first week, he had a lot to do, obviously: he had to get to know his patients as well as their owners. He learned how Alex liked to handle heir patients and he got to know the practice’s two veterinary technicians, Garth and Meg. (Garth was a really nice and harmless person and Castiel got along with him really quickly. Meg was blunt, very blunt, which caused Castiel to wince a few times when she spoke about their patient’s conditions and he tried to get her to be a little more sensitive but to no avail. She also liked to tease him by calling him “Clarence” which drove him crazy…)
Dean’s eyes widened “Cas, I….” He swallowed again, his hands fumbling for the desk at his side as if to steady himself. Finally, he tore his eyes away from Castiel, closing his eyes, a shaky breath leaving his slightly parted lips. “I need to go.”
“Yeah, it did. I’m sorry, too, I had a great time with you two. But I must say, I’m excited for Monday. I’m eager to get to know Dr. Lindt and our patients. It will be exciting for Shoshanna, too.” Castiel patted his beloved dog sitting right next to him. Shohanna licked his hand, her tail wagging.
It was pathetic.
He shook his head, not looking at her. “N-no, “he said quietly, “it’s nice of you to say that. B-but I have to tell you, that…. well, you know that I….uhm….”
They had just ended their last session and Dean was eager to get home, maybe drink another cup of coffee and go to bed early. He hoped Alastair hadn’t anything special planned for the two of them tonight. Luckily, he didn’t have to cook tonight because his husband had a late appointment at work which meant that he would eat there. That worked just fine for Dean. He would make himself a small salad if that at all. Usually, the only thing his body really needed was the caffeine. He could go without dinner for one day, it would certainly work well for his figure.
“I’m sorry, Dean, “he said through gritted teeth. “I can’t do this. I can’t let you leave.”
Alastair took them and flashed another cold smile. “Well, I’m impressed. They look delicious, thank you, Castiel.”
He felt calmer now, but he was still dying to get some answers and he waited impatiently for Charlie to return. A look at his watch told him that five minutes had already passed.
Dean closed his eyes. “Yes, Sir.”
Dean really tried to, but his mind was whirling in anxiety. Of course, it wasn’t a complete surprise that his husband wanted to sleep with him now, he usually always did after he had punished Dean. Every time Dean hoped that that time would be an exception because having sex after being beaten with a belt wasn’t very comfortable. His body was sore and tired, and it was hard to relax when his muscles were screaming at him in agony.
“Come on, “Alastair said calmly, as he stood up, offering his hand from above. “Let’s go home.”
“No, it’s alright. I just cannot seem to get into it, “Dean said with a little shrug. “Are you hungry?”
“Oh, okay, “he said quietly, “I’ll be going then. Bye, Dean. It was nice to see you again. See you soon, I hope?” He hoped he didn’t sound too desperate.
“Why? Is he allergic or something?” Castiel asked quickly, hoping he wasn’t prying too much.
He scoffed, maybe a little too dramatically. “Oh, I’m sorry, Charlie, if I don’t appeal to you right now in this state. But you will understand that right at this moment I’m a little unable to keep my temper in check.” He took one step forward which she registered nervously. “Go on, tell me, “he said, trying to speak softer, slower. “Please.”
Dean smiled shyly as he shrugged and finally gave in. “Okay, if you insist.”
“Alright, Castiel, tell me, what’s wrong?”
They both sipped from their glasses and then looked at each other, both of them a little unsure what to do now, but not in an uncomfortable way. Castiel decided to take the initiative.
Castiel’s eyes hardened and he nodded. His blood was racing hot in his veins and he was tempted to scream back at Alastair, to challenge him to a fist fight, to threaten him with talking to his superiors. Anything to lessen the throbbing pain inside his hands, begging him to let go and just do it. But he didn’t do anything. It would only get him in trouble. And Dean probably too.
He had been a bad boy. He had betrayed his husband’s trust and he deserved to be punished for his sin. He knew it, he knew that Alastair had been right to hurt him and that he didn’t do it because he was mean but because he loved him and wanted to help him to become a better person.
Dean stayed silent but he closed his eyes momentarily as he dreaded what would be coming next.
Dean ducked his head helplessly as Alastair advanced on him quickly, his eyes cold and full of rage, the muscles in his jaw twitching with rapidly growing furiousness.
Dean held it up for him to inspect. “I think it’s sprained. A-Alastair….he stepped on it and h-he….he pushed down.”
Castiel stared at the door after that for a long time. He was still shocked by what had happened and he wished he could understand Dean better. It seemed there was a lot going on in the other man’s mind and he was eager to find out what exactly that was.
He made himself some coffee and cereals and sat down at the table for breakfast. But although he hadn’t eaten anything for dinner last night, he wasn’t very hungry, and he almost had to force himself to finish his bowl of cereals. The coffee was good though, so he made himself another cup after the first one, left the dirty bowl on the kitchen table because
“Bye, Mr. Christensen, “Jonathan said and left.
“Yes! Yes!”
And he took one more step towards Dean which Dean registered but didn’t protest against.
A kiss, soft and tender and loving, was placed upon his lips. He let that happen too and he didn’t open his eyes as his husband’s mouth lingered over his, a smile appearing upon it. His throat ached with a kind of throbbing pain and he knew that dark bruises were already starting to form there. He would be forced to wear a scarf during the next week at least. How fortunate that it was getting cold outside.
The girls looked at each other again. “Uhhhhh … interesting, “they squealed. “We have cats you know. Two of them.” They suddenly made chirping kissing noises with their mouths, apparently, they were calling for their pets. Promptly Castiel saw two cats enter the living room with expectant looks on their faces. They jumped up the couch right between Charlie and Jo and were at once petted which made them purr quite loudly. They were very beautiful Norwegians with long thick fur.
She turned towards him with a reproachful frown. “Well, I still don’t understand why you had to buy a house and get a job in a town so far away from home…?”
“Hey, you made cookies and brought them to us, “he said. “I think you’re quite talented at making good first impressions.”
He caught himself staring at the empty space in front of him and shook his head, trying to get rid of the haze inside his head. He desperately needed to distract himself. Then he became aware of the throbbing pain in his hand and he realized the knuckles of his right hand were bleeding.
“Me, too, as you can see, “Castiel pointed at all the containers in front of them. “I think we have that in common.” And he smiled at Dean with such enthusiasm that Dean’s eyes widened a little before he smiled back shyly.
He felt inclined to make some cynical remark in response to her provocative joke but then he saw that she looked at him with sincere empathy, so he just sighed and shrugged.
No. Better for him to just forget about Dean. Forget that he had fallen in love with the most perfect person in the whole world.
“Dean….” Castiel got up, too but Dean stepped back immediately, putting some space between them.
Of course, he had spent the night after their “date” staring at the phone in vain, causing him to constantly yawn at work which in turn caused his colleagues to raise their eyebrows at him. “What’s up with you, Clarence, are there so many good Romcoms at Netflix that keep you up at night?” Meg teased him cruelly. He chose to ignore her and when Alex also asked him, a little more concerned than the vet technician, why he seemed to be so very tired, he just shrugged and said something about suffering from insomnia from time to time.
He fetched his little backpack and whistled. At once, Shoshanna rushed in from the other room where she had taken a nap next to her new buddy Jerry, Alex’ Chihuahua; and looked at Castiel, apparently with a question in her eyes.
Castiel wrote, with his heart beating in his throat.
“Well, maybe ….” Dean admitted quietly and perhaps there were butterflies in his stomach too because he was smiling a little sheepishly and also his hands were trembling ever so slightly.
With utmost gentleness, Castiel pressed his fingers down onto the vulnerable flesh. “Does this hurt?”
“Dude, just take the compliment, would you? Seriously!” Charlie jumped up from the sofa and stared down at him with her eyebrows raised accusingly.
Alastair smiled a little smile as if in wonder about the nervousness in Dean’s behaviour. There was no need to be upset, his smile said, I’m your husband, don’t worry….
He reached out with his left hand, his right hand still gripping Dean’s hand in his, and rubbed the oil smudge on Dean’s cheek, causing him to flinch underneath the unexpected touch . “Hey, hey, “he said almost gently, “you’re tense. Let me rub a little bit of that tension out of you.” And the hand reached out again to cup his jaw, but Dean had enough.
“That’s alright, “he said as he drew his hand back. “So what is your name then, gorgeous?”
“That is reasonable, “she agreed.
“Meet our babies: Asmodeus and Azazel.” Charlie said with obvious pride in her voice. “Seems you’ve met your first new patients. I fear they won’t like you very much.”
But he didn’t say any more words. He wanted to give Dean some space and apparently the other man was ready to tell him something important about himself. Knowing that Dean was shy and had been scared away in the past by seemingly harmless comments he pressed his lips together in determination. Giving his friend a simple sign.
Dean nodded shyly and watched in awe as his husband lit a vanilla-scented candle and dimmed the lights, enough so his eyes wouldn’t hurt after his possible concussion but not enough to shut out the daylight completely. In addition, Alastair brought him a breakfast tray, loaded with all the things he knew Dean liked: fresh buns with butter and honey, scrambled eggs and bacon, as well as tomatoes with mozzarella on a separate plate. A pot of coffee to go with it.
Dean’s breath hitched, and his eyes darted nervously from Castiel’s face and away again, as he swallowed heavily. “I...I did, but….”
Alastair covered his whole body with soft little kisses as he positioned himself over him, blanketing Dean’s body with his own. Dean felt his husband’s hot breath on him when he leaned down to nip at the skin of his neck with his mouth. Then it turned into something more intense, his teeth nibbling at the tender skin, then his lips moved forward and began to suck intensely at his throat. Dean keened underneath him, and that’s when he felt something hard pressing against his ass.
“No, my job’s perfect, “Castiel sighed again, “Dr. Lindt is great to work with and I really enjoy treating my patients, they’ve all been very nice.”
He hesitated. It sounded like she really wanted to get to know him, learn things about him and while he was flattered, he knew this could get difficult. Alastair wouldn’t mind a casual friendship, but he would not appreciate it if Dean found himself a ‘real’ friend, someone he could share secrets with.
“Dean, I-I can’t…” he stammered but Dean shook his head again, his lips pressed together into a thin line.
Dean stayed still and silent, curled into himself, anxiety and misery seeping out of his weary body.
“Hey, baby, “Alastair said as he leaned down to kiss Dean on the cheek. “What are you doing?”
Without thinking, Castiel stepped forward and grabbed Dean by his upper arms, not noticing the younger man’s violent flinch in his excitement.
This chapter is from Dean's POV.
“Daily soaps? Ah, it’s been a while.” She threw herself onto the couch, positioning her legs on the coffee table and opened the ice cream box.
Castiel frowned. “I’m sure you’re good or they wouldn’t let you teach. You really don’t seem to think of yourself all that much. Why?” And he tilted his head to the side, his eyes piercing into Dean’s, blue into green. Dean stared at him wide-eyed, surprised. Castiel seemed to have touched a nerve.
Then I’ll explain everything to you. Alright?”
He maintained his good mood all through the afternoon while taking care of his patients. It helped him to connect with the animals and their owners and everyone of them seemed grateful for his cheerful but professional behaviour. One old lady whose cat he treated for a thorn in her left paw even hugged him as she called him “a good, good man”.
He’d better go now.
“Wait.” A hand shot out and grabbed him by the arm. Dean froze where he stood and he looked up into those bright blue eyes, now turned soft and pleading.
Castiel squealed internally.
That night he slept badly. Again.
Gritting his teeth, he shook his head almost indiscernibly, scolding himself for his stupid, stupid thoughts.
“No, “he whispered back, as a fresh tear shone in his eye and Alastair smiled in patient understanding as he reached out and caught the tear on his cheek just as it rolled down. The other hand was stroking Dean’s hair again, and Dean closed his eyes as he let it all happen. As he gave himself up because he didn’t know what else to do, because this was how it meant to be.
“What were you thinking about?” he asked your, his voice warm and gentle.
He got up, suddenly determined to leave.
They sat in silence again until Dean suddenly said “Cas, I think it’s late. I have to go home.”
Standing at the edge of the mountain again, he looked into the abyss. The shadows were waiting for him down low. He could smell their patient anticipation, hear their siren call lulling him in, beckoning him.
At the top of the mountain, he wanted to lie down and sleep for years, he was so terribly exhausted. But he couldn’t. Something was calling him from afar. There were clouds. So many clouds, he could only see as far as he could stretch his arm. And it was warm, warmer than it was supposed to be so up high.
Seemed it had been unavoidable after all.
Dean flushed red and cursed inwardly at his stupidity. “Ah-uhm, I-I’m sorry,” he stuttered, taken unaware, “my hands are probably not the cleanest right now.” He held out his hands, palms up, to prove his point.
Then, as expected, it continued.
“Nonsense. You needed a provider of ice cream, here I am.” She brushed past him into the house, patting Shoshanna’s head while she did so, and after staring after her for a second, he followed her inside.
“You did what?” he said for a third time, this time much quieter and through gritted teeth. She pulled him to the side.
The ache became worse each and every day and it got so bad that Dean eventually broke Alastair’s rule. He got up out of bed and started doing things. They were only small things, the kind that his husband wouldn’t notice: he cleaned the insides of the kitchen cabinets. He went through all of his clothes and sorted out those he didn’t need anymore for welfare. He arranged all his DVDs and books, the former in alphabetical order, the latter by genre. It all helped take his mind off Castiel but the man kept weaseling his way into his thoughts and Dean almost went crazy staying inside the house all day. He wished he could go back to work, it would mean everything to him.
“How did you find the meal, my dear?” Alastair asked in a surprisingly sweet tone, as he dabbed his mouth with his napkin.
“One of my pupils has trouble at school. He was crying about it and I comforted him.” He hoped that had come out convincingly. His voice had sounded steady, at least.
Ten minutes later they were sitting in quite comfortable garden chairs in Charlie’s and Jo’s beautiful backyard with fresh coffee. Charlie produced a tennis ball from somewhere and began throwing it, so Shoshanna had something to do. Castiel was grateful that Charlie was nice to his dog. She really hadn’t gotten a lot of exercise lately.
“My ribs, “Dean said slowly as if he had considered not mentioning this. “I don’t think they’re broken, but they hurt whenever I breathe in.”
Blinking as if waking from a daze, Castiel looked and saw that it was Charlie and Jo. Charlie threw him a sharp look as she dived down to retrieve wallet, mobile phone and other stuff from Jo’s handbag. Jo and Castiel also knelt down to help.
His legs felt like jelly and he wiggled them unconsciously until his neighbour fixed him with an irritated glare at which point he murmured an apology and forced himself to stop.
He slowed down a little and they fell into step with him.
They couldn’t have … kissed.
His right hand reached out to Dean, carefully caressing his swollen cheek with his thumb, and Dean forced himself to lean into the touch, instead of flinching away like his instinct was telling him to.
When Alastair returned home at six pm with several bags of Thai takeaway in his arms, relief washed over Dean and he only winced slightly as he was pulled into the taller man’s embrace, inhaling his familiar scent, almost relishing the familiar firm touch.
She beamed at him once again and it was so honest and cheerful that Dean couldn’t suppress the answering grin in return. “Alright, yes, if you insist, “he said and his mouth opened in surprise when she let out a high-pitched squeal and jumped out of her chair, up and down on her feet, clapping her hands together.
But he couldn’t do it. Instead he grabbed the door as if to steady himself and stepped inside the classroom.
“This is Dean’s room, “the secretary told him and looked at her watch. “He should be finished in another five minutes or so.”
But even as he thought it, Dean knew that he couldn’t be sure, and he swallowed once more as his stomach clenched in anxiety, his pulse racing, his hands clammy. He willed himself to calm down and forced an easy smile onto his face. He wiped his hands on his jeans before he stepped outside into the chilly September drizzle.
He was already in his pyjamas, having already brushed his teeth, so he dived underneath the sheets and tucked himself in. Shoshanna settled down at his middle and laid her head on his stomach, sighing in happy content. He grinned as he stroked her head.
Whoever was at the door was insistent though and a second, more urgent knock sounded from the front door. Shoshanna, who lay curled up at Castiel’s feet barked, jumped up, and looked at him with a curious, happy expression on her furry face. She wanted him to go see who was there.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want to talk about it, okay?” he said a little sullenly, but it also seemed apologetic at the same time. He raised his head to look at Castiel again and Castiel was struck with the pain and the torment he could see once again in Dean’s eyes. He nodded slowly and Dean sighed with relief. As if he had almost feared Castiel would jump on him and scream at him to get his answer.
“Alright, “he said, looking at Gus and Hannah as he took off the gloves, washing his hands in the sink nearby, “you can put him into Recovery room No 1. He needs to stay here a few hours for observation”
His breath hitched in his chest as he suddenly thought of the set of sharp Japanese knives Alastair had given to him last Christmas.
“Can I sit next to you?” he asked gently, still carefully maintaining his distance. Dean hesitated, then nodded. Slowly, Castiel approached the couch and sat down next to Dean. keeping enough safe space between them. His heart was hammering against his chest and he wanted nothing more than to pull the other man into his arms, but he knew he needed to give Dean time.
“Come in, come in!”
“Well, Castiel,” Charlie spoke up again and he opened his eyes again to look at her expectantly, “it’s really early to say this but it seems you should maybe get to know Dean a little bit better. Just to get it out of your system. Maybe you’ll realize he isn’t so great after all.”
He spent the next day with Anna and their mother. They had breakfast at a fancy café, played mini golf in the park and did a little shopping together. His brothers were busy today, but they had agreed to meet the next day to spend a few hours together before Castiel would take his flight back home in the late afternoon. It was nice however, spending the day with the female part of his family. He loved his brothers, but it could be very tiresome spending time with them, especially when all three of them were involved. They always ended up sizing each other up and teasing each other although good-naturedly. It was fun, no question about it, but right now he was content listening to the harmless chatter of Anna and his mother about wedding invitations and bridesmaids. It took his mind off things and the day flew by fast. His mother even managed not mentioning his father which he really wouldn’t have borne well today. He had enough trouble as it was.
It took a while, but at last, the blood was gone from Dean’s mouth and chin, and all that was left, was the cut in his lower lip. It would probably remain there for a week or two, and Castiel just hoped that it would not swell too badly.
Soon enough an hour had passed, and he prepared to meet his first patients – a six-year old Golden Retriever with a bad hip. He changed into the white coat Alex handed over to him ceremonially and he took a deep breath.
Cain nodded thoughtfully but continued to stare at him hungrily. Dean stared back at first as he tried to figure out what the man wanted. When Cain still hadn’t said anything after a few seconds, he dropped his eyes, embarrassed and unsure what he should do.
“Castiel!” Charlie called out after him at last and her voice was pleading, compassionate. “Please! I’m sorry!”
It didn’t feel right so he desperately tried to imagine it was Dean that was kissing him. Begging him to touch him, to devour him on the spot….
“He beat him so bad, Castiel.” Dean’s voice was trembling but there was a determined expression on his face, obviously he wanted to see this through. “I thought he was going to kill him. In the end, Adam had three broken ribs, a broken nose, a punctured lung and a broken hand. H-he was lying there on the ground and I wanted to help him, I wanted to call an ambulance, but Alastair didn’t allow it. He pulled me away and we went home. Just like that.”
How was he supposed to do this?
Castiel just smiled back. “Okay, bye Dean.” He started to walk away and stopped when he heard Dean answer.
“You said you were in a hurry, “Dean said, and he nodded towards Castiel’s lunch in his hands. “I’ll let you get to it then.” He flashed a shy smile at Castiel and that was enough for Castiel’s heart rate to increase into dangerous areas.
“Oh, but it is.”
“Hey, you, “the guy said with an easy grin, his voice audible because they were at the club’s corners where it wasn’t quite as loud. “I saw you dancing a few minutes ago and you looked really good there. Care to dance together?”
“Of course, “he said quietly. Then he looked at Alastair with what he hoped was sincere remorse and Alastair nodded at that, seemingly satisfied with Dean’s convincing display of meek submission.
(See the end of the chapter for
On Friday he went shopping with Charlie which turned out to be real fun. She was so easy-going and relaxed, they had a blast. They bought a ton of meat and five crates of different beers – he just hoped it was enough for everyone. He had invited about thirty people, everyone from his street plus his three colleagues from the practice, and most of them had agreed to come. He hadn’t heard back from the Christensens, though and he hadn’t seen them either. He tried not to be too disappointed.
“Stop, “he whispered, his head hanging down, eyes squeezed shut.
“Will you speak with the man who brought him?” Hannah asked, looking worried. “He was quite upset about the dog and asked that you talk with him as soon as you were finished.”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Castiel stood up and smiled again, this time more openly. “I’ve already all the food we need for dinner. Mom, will you help me with the lasagne? Gabe, you can make a salad.”
Dean stared at Castiel’s hand on his knee, his hands unconsciously flexing, then clenching into fists in his lap. But after a minute, he swallowed, looked up at him, and nodded. He understood.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you in the USA & Canada! I hope you can celebrate with some loved ones despite this terrible pandemic.
“Bye Dean. See you Wednesday.” She looked at him with a smile which didn’t really reach her eyes and he wondered if he had done anything to offend her, say anything inappropriate. The happy feeling from before was gone and that made him sad.
“He’s excited to meet his new best friends, Castiel, so he’s entitled to some display of delight, won’t you agree?” a deep female voice said. Castiel looked up from where he squatted on the floor with the two dogs and smiled at the middle-aged brunette woman with the friendly eyes standing in front of him.
Dean nodded eagerly as he looked up into his husband’s inquiring eyes. “Yes, of course, “he said hoarsely, “only yours.”
Shoshanna lay curled upon his bed, and she whined to remind him of her presence. Castiel turned and smiled, settling down next to her to stroke the soft fur of her back.
“And now, for the first time ever, we have Kyle Holden playing Simon and Garfunkel’s classic “Bridge over Troubled Water” on the piano. Kyle will be going to the renowned University of Southern California to study music there, all thanks to his teacher. Who just happens to be the one accompanying Kyle to this wonderful song.”
He smiled one last time, mostly at Dean because he wanted to, then he turned around to walk back to his house. He heard the door close behind him and he let out a deep breath he didn’t know he had been holding inside.
Both women beamed as if had complimented them and not their cats and he felt he had made a significant step towards what could become a friendship with these women.
“Yes?” he asked, a little surprised.
“I-I knew of course, it was a bad idea. I knew Alastair would be jealous.” Dean shook his head at himself. “But, I so rarely got to spend time with Adam and it was his birthday, so I didn’t want to disappoint him, he had asked me to do something together so many times and I always rejected him. But on that day, I said yes. I lied to Alastair, told him I wanted to meet Sam, my younger brother, in town for a beer. Alastair believed me, or so it seemed at least.” Dean’s voice broke off.
“Here, “he said, as he pushed one of the small white pills of Ibuprofen out of the blister, offering it to Dean as well. “Drink this, it will make you feel better.”
Soon enough, the fingers left him and were replaced with his husband’s long, thick member and Dean groaned, his eyes fluttering shut, as his body tried to adjust the intrusion, his muscles tensing underneath his husband’s impatient, prowling hands.
Dean was pulled out of his memories by the cool voice of his husband, slightly out of breath.
“Which pupil?” Alastair asked curiously, not indicating that he had any trouble believing Dean’s lie.
Everything was fine.
Before he could reply she raised a hand to stop him. “And now that I’ve seen you, I’m even surer that it has to be you. You’re so cute I could eat you up.” She beamed at him.
“I’m glad.” She seemed pleased with herself. They both turned towards the screen and watched the daily soap for a few minutes while sharing the ice cream, the box settled in the middle between them. Castiel enjoyed their silent camaraderie and was glad she wasn’t pressing him to talk about anything.
No. His family wouldn’t despair over his death. His friends were distant memories from another life.
“Alright. Let’s get to your place then.”
“But, but nevertheless, Castiel, it was me who is to blame for what happened!” Dean insisted. “If I had simply rejected Adam like before he would have never ended up in the hospital. Do you know that his hand was broken in so many places that he’ll never be able to play the guitar again?”
He shook his head and scoffed at himself.
They told him about all the neighbours in the area and there were so many names he hoped he would not forget all of them. But he would try to meet them all anyway.
His good mood remained with him for the whole night even as he sat down for some paper work at his desk. He hummed to himself happily as he worked on his patients’ reports and the words just seemed to flow out from his fingers effortlessly.
“You are so beautiful, darling, even with all these wounds on your back. If possible, they even make you more beautiful.”
“Are you feeling better now?” Castiel asked softly.
With almost blissful serenity, Dean lay down on his back, shivering as his body was pressed against the hard, cold ground. It felt good somehow. He felt comforted, as strange as that sounded.
“Ha, I’m used to that. “Castiel chuckled. “They’re beautiful.”
“Stay a little longer, won’t you? I’m feeling a little lonely right now and would be grateful for some company.”
After a few songs they went to the bar and got themselves one Mojito and one Zombie each and after that Castiel was truly drunk. He tried to shout something at Gabriel, but his words slurred badly, and he didn’t even know what he wanted to say so he just stopped talking and kept dancing, now even more comfortable in his own skin than before. It wasn’t even important that he was moving a little out of tune now.
“So, I’ve brought a little picnic with me. I hope you like it.”
A tinge of concern shone in the pale blue eyes, the brow furrowed into deep wrinkles. The corners of his lips were slightly turned down, a slight quiver betraying the truth hidden deep underneath thinly veiled layers of pretence. There was the warning Dean needed and he swallowed as his thoughts stuttered to a halt.
“I’m sorry, where are my manners?” The man flashed another dazzling smile as he held out his hand. “My name is Cain.”
Dean felt helpless and disgusted at the same time.
She reached him and he felt her soft hand on his shoulder, squeezing empathically. “I know, it must have been hard to see him again. I’m sorry, Castiel, truly.”
“Yeah, alright, sorry, “he said, quickly giving in so as not to hurt her feelings, “thank you.” He threw her a quick smile as he began to gather his guitar and his notes. She stayed silent but he could see that her lips were pressed into a tight worried line, and she didn’t look happy.
Without speaking, he lurched forward and stumbled past Cain onto the street. A quick look to his right and left told him there weren’t any people nearby which was good. It wouldn’t do him any favours if any neighbour prone to gossiping told Alastair of Dean’s encounter with Cain, even if he himself hadn’t done anything wrong. Alastair would get jealous, nevertheless.
Putting a safe distance between him and Dean, he turned onto his side and found himself across from Dean who was observing him with contained curiosity. His eyes were at half-mast, but still, there was irresolution in them, a kind of fear that indicated Dean’s shock at his own courage. Yet there was also gratitude and longing, and Castiel felt a little overwhelmed with this mixed bag of feelings directed at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, I don’t even know their names, I only know it’s two guys, I don’t even know if they are friends or brothers or whatever.”
Sorry for the long wait, there was very little time the past few weeks. I hope this chapter makes you happy. I need to get the story going now...
“Of course, “she said with a quick smile, all the worry and sadness dropping off her face.
“Did Alastair tell you that?” Castiel asked quietly. “Did he tell you not to eat so much?”
“Get yourself cleaned up, “he said roughly, as he slapped his naked hip from behind, causing Dean to flinch violently. “I’ll be waiting for you upstairs.”
But then the moment passed, and Charlie’s look changed into something sad and compassionate. “What are you gonna do now? Will you try to contact Dean?”
“Charlie, could you please focus on the matter at hand?” Castiel said ironically.
So he turned and went to mingle with his guests again. He managed to engage in some more or less meaningful conversations with some of them, but his mind couldn’t free itself of his encounter with Dean and the one screaming question in the room that filled his whole being: What the heck was going on?
“No! No way, I said we’re no doing anything like that! We will not use Dean as bait!”
Tears were streaming down Dean’s face as he made his way out of the woods, stumbling over branches, almost running as if he was hunted down by someone. He tried to restrain himself, nobody could see him like that. He wiped the tears away with the back of his hand and tried to push all thoughts of Castiel, left behind in the woods, out of his mind. He couldn’t allow himself to think about him, he needed to get home, fast. A quick glance at his watch told him he should have been home forty minutes ago.
He pulled over as instructed, killed the engine and rolled down his window. He watched the police car stopping behind him, saw the police officer get out of his car and walking towards him. He almost dropped his head onto the steering wheel in frustration.
They smiled at each other, both obviously a little nervous. After a few seconds they realized they were staring at each other with dumb smiles on their faces and they both looked away quickly.
He had only about ten minutes, so he quickly pulled on some briefs and a loose t-shirt, then scooted out of the bedroom and downstairs into their generous kitchen. He opened the fridge, deftly pulled out all the ingredients he needed, and then started to make breakfast.
Another vicious lash struck, and a fresh tear rolled down his cheek, but he couldn’t help a small smile creeping up his lips as he remembered the way they had stumbled into each other in the supermarket. Dean could still clearly see the stunned look on Castiel’s face, the cute way he had ranted about the reason why he was buying sandwiches and smoothies. The way he had beamed at Dean, as if the sun were illuminating the space around him, making everything around him brighter when he moved. Dean concentrated on the memory of Castiel’s sweet, gentle, smiling face and realized, he would always cherish this memory. His heart jittered nervously when he thought of Castiel’s strong hands helping him up from the floor and he tried to remember the way they had felt. It seemed as if it had happened a lifetime ago.
“So perfect for me, taking your punishment without complaint like a really good boy.”
Dean paled and he opened his hand without thinking. The knife clattered to the floor and Dean flinched hard, startling himself.
It would be very rough to the point that it would hurt but Dean wasn’t complaining. It only helped make him cry harder and the mixture of pain and bliss from when Alastair grabbed his half-hard penis between his legs to jerk him off, was almost glorious. He would come first with Alastair following right after him. They would kiss and cuddle afterward and Dean was sure that if Alastair did see the tears in his eyes, that he thought that he was overwhelmed by the sex and not because he was miserable because he wished that it was Castiel making love to him instead of his husband.
“What are you doing?” Charlie said through gritted teeth, “let’s get out of here, now!”
He coated his fingers with lube, then his hands closed around Dean’s buttocks again, applying strength so that Dean’s body was pushed forward and upward. The slick fingers found his entrance and Dean was pulled into another exchange of soft kisses to distract him from the fingers entering him, stretching him quickly, because again, Alastair was impatient.
“I’m sorry, “he mumbled, and then he leaned forward and kissed Dean.
“Hey, “the man said in his smooth honey-like voice, “I’m sorry, could you please tell me the way into town? I’m visiting a friend of mine for a few days and was just walking around, trying to settle in while he’s still working. He told me it was easy, but it seems I’ve failed to find the right way.”
She nodded. “Yeah. Doesn’t seem like a good option.”
He chuckled at the image. “Well, I really hope you don’t mean that I look like that.”
Dean was misery personified and Castiel almost lost it there and then. A tidal wave of fury washed over him, and he almost keeled over with the force of it. Somehow he managed to stay upright, as his fingers gripped the wooden door frame for balance, his knuckles turning white. Before the knot of seething anger in the pit of his stomach could unfurl itself furthermore, he jerked himself aware. Dean needed him. Right here, right now.
The door was opened by a young woman with long red hair and a twinkle in her eyes.
He tried to shift a little and he winced, but the pain seemed bearable.
“Come on, “Dean said quietly, jerking his head to a small path to the right, “I know a quiet place.”
“Of course, I promise! Thank you so much, you truly are a gentleman, “she said with a coy smile and he shook his head, “No, I’m just trying to be reasonable. You should test it out, see if you’re in it for the long run. It would be a shame to spend a lot of money on a new guitar if you’re not going to stick with playing it.”
Once again, Castiel applied the washcloth to the damaged bloody skin on Dean’s face and this time, the flinch was almost indiscernible. Very slowly and very gently, Castiel rubbed at the caked blood, wiping it away with the cloth. While he worked, he tried to avoid looking into Dean’s eyes studying him anxiously, because he knew if he did, he would not be able to concentrate on his important task.
“Broken right front paw, as well as a medium-sized laceration on the right flank. A few abrasions on the head and back. Two ribs seem to be sprained, but not broken. We’ll have to do an x-ray to be sure, as well as the paw to see what kind of fracture it is. Do that first, just to be sure that his lungs are not punctured. I’ll clean and sew his wound shut after that. Prepare some acepromazine for me, please, we need to make him sleepy.”
He handed Dean the first cold compress. “Here, take this. You need to hold it to your cheek for at least twenty minutes, to minimize the swelling. It won’t be too cold, I hope.”
“So, let’s get to it. Do you want ham or cheese on your bread or both?”
“Dean.”
He felt the curves of Alastair’s lips curl upward into a grin. “Very good, “he groaned against Dean’s open mouth. His hands travelled downwards again, slipped beneath his legs to grab Dean’s ass with both hands. Then, in one swift motion, he flipped them, so that Dean was on top of Alastair. Dean gasped in surprise and Alastair grinned at him predatorily.
So he ran. He ran and ran until the hills and the forest and the ruins were no more. Then came a mountain. So high he thought it would be impossible to climb it. But he still had to try.
What could he do?
Dean smiled weakly as he wiped the tears from his face. “They’ve already tended to me. I told them I wanted to sit here, get some fresh air, and wait for you.”
“I was really devastated when Louis died, “Dean went on with a slightly lower voice.
“Right, sorry, “she replied, “okay, so you’re in love with Dean and his police husband’s a dick. You can’t seem to get him out of your head so you wanna meet him again, right? Although that would clearly only cause serious problems.” She furrowed her brows. “That the situation, right?”
“Dean! Hi, there you are!”
“Charlie Bradbury, at your service, Sir!”
“So why don’t you get a dog now?” he asked eventually. Dean looked at him a little strangely and Castiel thought he could detect a hint of embarrassment in the other man’s eyes.
“Speak up, boy!”
“The dog is fine, by the way, “Castiel once again spoke into the silence. “He has a broken front paw and he needed six stitches on his right flank. His ribs are a little sore. Apart from that, he is well.”
On his face too. On his whole body.
“You must, Castiel. Please, it’s important. He can never find out about us, please.”
Dean got in the driver’s seat and just wanted to start the car when a sudden thought made his heart stop in his chest.
It had sounded like ….
“You see what’s happening here? You did it to this guy just now, you did it to Castiel Novak apparently, too! You’re batting your eyes at these men and you laugh at their jokes, making them want to fuck you! You see? You’re behaving like a cheap little slut and I will not allow such behaviour! You’re my husband and I won’t let you shame me like that. DO you understand?!”
She was a nice person and he almost already considered her a friend but now he felt a little nervous. He didn’t want anybody to worry about him. Apparently, he had to make more of an effort to hide this ‘sadness’, or whatever it was that he was projecting on the outside.
Relief flooded through Dean’s body.
“Dean!” Alastair shout-whispered as he reached him, squatting down in front of him, grabbing his arm. It made Dean flinch but Alastair ignored this as his eyes frantically searched his husband’s pallid face. “What are you doing here outside?”
“You did a great job, Dean, “Castiel said firmly. “You saved the dog’s life. He wouldn’t have survived a night out in the cold, with his injuries and the shock. He was lucky it was you that found him.”
“I-I just don’t know if it’s a good idea, “Dean said quietly, and his jaw’s muscle twitched. “I’ll text you, okay?”
“No. No, no, no, Dean, please don’t say that, no.”
She pretended to salute as if she was a soldier, then she held out her hand, pretending to be some official businessman and he shook her hand with a grin, delighted by her openness.
Together.
“It’s quite simple really, “Castiel said quietly. “He’s married.”
“It just hurts, Charlie, you know?” he said eventually, his voice hoarse and broken and she blinked, taken back a little at the rawness of his emotions.
His voice broke off, trembling and Dean looked up at him, sharply.
He lay there, suddenly as stiff as a board, as his thoughts raced with the new idea. All the pain in his broken body disappeared into the back of his mind as he seriously considered ending it all tonight.
, he thought bitterly.
He looked at her with sudden hope. Maybe she would find a way around all this. She was a genius and very creative, obviously, if one could find a way out of this situation, it was her.
“So, you don’t live alone here, right?” Castiel asked, “there’s someone here living with you, a “- he pointed at the name plate on the door – “the mysterious A.?”
It was incredible how quickly a human body could adjust to such drastic change. Nowadays he usually had a very small appetite and he ate little. He didn’t need any greasy fast food anymore, he was content with small portions of whatever he cooked for Alastair. Alastair was proud of him for sticking to his diet with such stamina although Dean had repeatedly assured him that it didn’t cost him much effort anyway, that he had only been following his husband’s good example.
He nodded to himself absently then he continued. The next thing he was aware of was the pain in his hand.
“S-sorry, “Dean said at once, blushing hard.
“Then tell me, Dean.”
Charlie reached out and brushed a wet, loose strand of hair out of his face. “It’s completely understandable, “she said gently. “Please, it’s just a few steps to our house. Come, let’s get you inside and I’ll make us some coffee. Or hot chocolate if you prefer.
He made his way down the street towards the first of his neighbours’ houses, Shoshanna plodding beside him happily. There were quite a few houses in the street where he lived, it seemed he had lucked out in buying a house in a good neighbourhood because all the houses looked really pretty with the colourful gardens and the good cars parked in the driveways.
“Oh.”
Alastair’s eyes were wary as they roamed Dean’s face and body, taking in the cuts and bruises he himself had caused, seeing they were cleaned up.
“But still, you were late. I was looking forward to a nice romantic evening with you and you ruined it. You didn’t even let me know you wouldn’t be home in time. I mean, how hard can it be to write a quick text, Dean?” He arched his eyebrows, looking at Dean in expectation but before Dean could answer he shook his head again.
He switched the TV on, settling on a documentary on chickens, and sipped his coffee sullenly. Shoshanna laid down in front of him again and they watched television together. Hours passed and Castiel grew more and more annoyed with the stupid things they watched but he just couldn’t muster up the energy to do anything else. Let himself be stupid and lazy for once.
He carefully approached the table and leaned over the dog, trying to assess if it would be aggressive or not. But the poor thing was only wheezing and whimpering, raising his head to look up at him pitifully.
Calm determination seeped through Dean’s voice. He stood there, calm, resigned to his fate. It was horrible. Castiel had so many questions but he already sensed he wasn’t going to get the chance to ask them today.
“No!” he gasped out. “Please, no, I can’t go to the hospital!”
So he denied himself rest, although he was tired. Although he was hungry. Although he was bleeding from various wounds on his beaten body. How he still had the strength to move on he did not know. But somehow he knew he needed to do this.
His head whipped around when he suddenly realized that Alastair was calling him. Then he realized Alastair had stopped in his tracks, their hands still intertwined, and it had probably been the pull at his arm that had helped him startle back into the here and now.
“I’m a veterinarian. I’m going to work with Dr. Lindt in our shared practice starting tomorrow, “he explained, and Alastair’s eyebrows went up a little.
One of the neighbours had even called the police because of his fit and he had to explain everything to them, including the dent in his neighbour’s car – fortunately he hadn’t been charged with anything, although he had to pay for the damage on the car, another reason for his father to get angry at him.
“What did you tell them?” he asked urgently as he took Dean’s shoulders, fixing him with an intense stare.
Alastair was standing at the door, watching him silently.
“Quick thinking,“ Alastair praised him with a small smile, as he squeezed his shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Please, Cas. Please, stop.”
He started stroking Dean’s knee, squeezing it occasionally in gentle reassurance. His heart was racing and he felt a restlessness within him that seemed to increase with every second passing by. His whole body felt like it was on electricity. It felt as if it was protesting the distance between him and Dean. There was undeniable, magnetic-like attraction between them, and he wanted to pull the younger man back into his arms, re-establish the physical connection between them because having that distance between them seemed almost criminal. But he knew he couldn’t afford to scare Dean away now. Just a simple misstep could ruin everything and he would not allow that to happen. It was such incredible luck that Dean was here at all.
“Yes, of course, that’s fine, “Castiel assured him quickly. “Here, I’ll come sit next to you.”
“You are safe here, Dean. Okay? Nobody can hurt you here. Not your husband, not anyone else. Okay?”
Finally, the day of his party had arrived and Castiel was really nervous. He had spent quite some time planning it – from the lights and decoration to types of meat and salads to buy and prepare. He realized he overdid it, it was only a little neighbourhood party in his garden to introduce himself and get to know everybody. It was almost ridiculous. But he couldn’t help himself, he caught himself browsing through his cooking books and enjoying himself. In the end he decided to just go with it and do as he pleased.
Dean sighed. “Okay.” He took another sip of wine. “Well, originally I’m from Salem, that’s a small town near Portland. I loved living in a small town, everyone knew everybody, I had many friends. I have a younger brother, and we got along very well, too. After high school. I went to Portland Community College and studied Music.”
“You will learn to obey me, Dean! If I have to beat it into you I will!”
“So what happened after that?” Charlie asked softly. “You asked him to text you, right?”
Castiel continued to soothe and stroke the dog while Gus prepared the sedative. When he gently injected the dog, praising and stroking him all the time, it whimpered but still did not turn on him The dog was then taken away for the x-ray and came back five minutes later. Luckily the lungs had not been punctured and the fracture in the paw was a clean break, no comminuted fracture, which was a big relief.
“Alastair, I’m so sorry, I should have been home in time, but I got distracted and ….”
His heart stopped. Again.
Fumbling nervously, he typed in the code and stared at the screen.
He shook his head as he anxiously typed an answer. He was getting slightly irritated.
“Wondering what, Dean?” Alastair sounded, as if he were talking to a little child, that was too shy to speak, patient yet at the same time a little irritated.
Sometimes, he was overwhelmed with the intensity of his rage. Normally, he was a very calm and even-tempered person. Most of the times, he had been the one to push himself between two friends or siblings fighting, mediating between the quarrelling persons with soothing gestures and words, almost always succeeding in calming everybody down and eventually, making them apologize to each other and reconcile. Even when he was still living at his home as a teenager, he had had to step in between his older brothers, mostly it was Lucifer and Gabriel quarrelling or Michael and Gabriel and although he was younger than them, they had often let him intercede and reason with them. His father had always been proud of him for being such an influential, calming person and had often said he would make a good psychotherapist when he was older and had his medical degree.
“Yes, she is, but….” He didn’t know how to continue. This woman sounded downright chipper, apparently very eager to have him as her teacher that he really hated to disappoint her, but he had to.
He felt the need to punch something. He wanted to scream in rage and throw something heavy across the room, preferably something that would clash against the wall, break into a thousand pieces, and leave a dirty mess behind. That could be the only logical reaction to hearing Dean calmly recount details about the abuse he had been forced to suffer for years. As if it was a common thing to know what a concussion felt like.
Dean’s eyes widened as Castiel crowded him against the door, blocking his access with his outstretched arm, still keeping him in place with his right hand.
He got up, still a little weak in the knees but apparently determined to do it without Castiel’s help. He was already slowly slipping away, away from Castiel’s reach.
The only thing making him nervous was the lack of people he knew around here. Apart from Shoshanna, he was totally on his own. Back in Phoenix, he had left a boyfriend, Tim. It hadn’t been all too serious with the two of them, just a casual thing and both had been sorry but not heartbroken to leave the other one behind. Who knows, maybe he would find someone nice here in Medford, Oregon?
He winced and he opened his mouth to protest at which point she quickly raised her hands, palms up.
They entered and were at once greeted by a tiny yapping brown chihuahua that ran a few circles around a well-tempered Shoshanna, then proceeded to lick at Castiel’s extended hands with a passion.
“Bye Charlie. See you Wednesday.”
hurt, it felt as if someone had put a knife into his sore flesh and twisted it around.
Thankfully, he didn’t encounter anybody. He wouldn’t have known how to explain his bruised, bleeding face to anybody. Or the way he held himself upright, curled into himself.
“Shh, Dean, it’s alright, I’m here, calm down, it’s alright.”
“Alright, I’m glad, “he answered. “If you want, I can lend you my guitar. I have two, so that would be no problem as long as you promise to take good care of her.”
“Dean. There you are.” He froze in his movements as the familiar smooth voice sounded above him.
After a little while they reached a little bay and it was beautiful. There was a huge willow with its branches reaching right into the water and Dean was right: nobody was there, it was peaceful and quiet, only a few birds were singing in the trees.
As he was starting to fall back into sleep’s merciful arms, one final image appeared in his head. It was Castiel’s face, peaceful and kind. Unreachable for him now.
They all rushed to prepare the room and get themselves ready. A dog hit by a car was a serious issue - an emergency surgery to save the poor animal’s life might be necessary. Castiel quickly washed and disinfected his hands again, just to be safe, and put on his nitrile gloves. He just hoped that the guy who had found the dog had not made a mistake by bringing the dog here. It was possible that he had injured the dog even more by moving him.
After one last glance around the kitchen which told him that everything was spotless Dean turned to tend to the rest of his duties. He started the washing machine and spent almost an hour ironing Alastair’s shirts for work.
Alastair was already in bed, watching the evening news on TV.
“Thanks, Castiel, that was amazing, “his mother said as she wiped her mouth with a napkin. “I’ve eaten so much this whole week I think I’ll have to go on a low-carb diet again come tomorrow to lose a few pounds again.”
His eyes were still wide open as he limped to the kitchen. He immediately found what he was looking for. His bloody lips parted nervously, as he took one of the knives out of the block on the counter. He held it against his inner forearms and watched in fascination when tiny droplets of blood appeared immediately as he slowly pushed the tip of the blade into his flesh, just a little bit.
Automatically, Castiel’s hand intertwined with Dean’s and they both looked at the spot in the space between them, where their connected hands lay hidden underneath the sheets.
Their foreheads brushed against each other, as they both took a moment to take in deep, open-mouthed breaths.
Surely enough she beamed, pleased with his friendliness and charm. “Of course, how can I help you?” she asked eagerly.
“Hm, that’s a little worrisome, “Castiel said and he trailed off, lifting his eyes hopefully to Dean. Dean, however, shook his head at once and Castiel studied him with concern..
On a whim, he decided to drive to the next home improvement store to get a new lawn mower. He might get this thing here in front of him repaired, but why bother? He wanted to lawn his mown today – so he would do so, even if it meant spending a lot of money that he hadn’t planned on spending today.
“I’m sorry we have to leave tomorrow. This week flew by so fast.”
This. This right now meant everything to him. He couldn’t imagine a moment more perfect than this.
“Thanks, Castiel, I’m okay, “Dean said as he quickly grabbed the few items from the floor and put them back into his basket. They stood up together and once again looked at each other nervously.
He did this for a few minutes, battling his own inner demons of fear and shame inside; until Dean finally managed to calm down and sagged against him.
“Dean, you don’t have to …”
It was evening and time for dinner. But Castiel wasn’t hungry. Instead, he just wanted to crawl into bed and forget the world. The idea of working tomorrow was appalling and totally unacceptable, so on a whim he called Alex’ phone to tell her he wouldn’t be in tomorrow. He only got her voicemail which was perfect, and he left her a message, telling her he was sorry, but he was coming down with something, asking her to take over the most important patients and cancelling the ones that weren’t.
She stroked his cheek once more then let go with another compassionate smile. “So, what can we do about your situation now?” she said with new strength in her voice.
Like before, he spent his days in bed, but now he was actually immobile, unable to perform any tasks in the house. His body ached, but what was even worse was the pain inside his heart. The pain he remembered having experienced in Castiel’s house when he realized that he had made a bad mistake coming there. His life was with Alastair, there was no other way.
Dean turned away from the photo wall as other, uglier memories appeared before his eyes. Older ones. There weren’t any photos from that time up on the wall. Photos of him in dirty, worn clothes, in seedy bars, looking for people to hustle. Photos of him working three jobs at once, tending bars in the night when he was so tired that he would break glasses so often that he would get fired. Photos of him wandering the streets, desperate, forlorn, seeking out places he’s thought he’d never go again, where people were trying to touch him, trying to sell him drugs, trying to ….
Charlie chuckled and shook her head. “No, I’m sorry we don’t have something like that here. Shame.” Then she wrinkled her nose. “Well, actually there are these new guys who just moved into the house at the end of our street, I think maybe a month ago. But they didn’t introduce themselves like you, they didn’t bring any cookies.” She looks at Castiel with sudden overplayed indignation.
“I wish it was enough but…” His eyes opened, moist with fresh tears. “But it’s not.”
And he straightened himself up from his lying position and turned on the TV defiantly. A daily soap was on, one of the guilty pleasures Castiel liked to indulge in sometimes when he had a little bit of free time.
Just when Dean thought he would start crying in earnest from the incredible pain, Alastair adjusted his angle and suddenly he was pushing against Dean’s prostate.
After a long and generous breakfast including Castiel’s homemade pancakes and cheese omelettes he drove the two of them to the airport. After the check-in it was time to say goodbye.
. He waited a little more, as Dean began to pace the wooden ground beneath him nervously.
He ignored the lump in his throat. He ignored his slightly trembling hands and the feeling of emptiness burning a hole inside his guts because it would be too much if he acknowledged all of that.
“I’d love to get one, “he said quietly, “but Alastair doesn’t want to.”
“I like the big ones, “Dean said with excitement in his voice. “Or at least middle sized. Golden Retrievers, German shepherds, Australian Shepherds or a beautiful Labrador, just like yours.” He patted Shoshanna’s head affectionately and she leaned into his touch gratefully.
He suddenly felt the need to relieve his very aching bladder, so he went in search of the bathroom and luckily found it quickly. When he stepped out of the men’s rooms, he found himself face to face with a tall, dark-haired guy, blocking his way back to the dancefloor.
After a few minutes the anger was only a throbbing memory in the core of his chest, and he felt calm once again. He let out one last shaky exhale and pushed himself back from the wall. Suddenly he felt himself swaying, his knees giving out underneath him and he let himself slide down to the floor, back against the wall. Feeling a little lightheaded, he drew up his knees against his chest as he tried to understand what just had happened.
It was dark inside and there was a boy around ten on the stage at the other end of the room, singing a mellow version of “I Can’t Get No Satisfaction” accompanied by three other boys on the electric guitar, bass and drums.  They weren’t bad he decided as he ducked and slowly worked his way forward to find his friends.
Taking his husband’s cue, Dean’s mouth hungrily searched for Alastair’s. “Always, “he whispered, and then their lips met in a passionate kiss. Alastair’s tongue darted forward to lick into Dean’s mouth, then he closed his mouth to nibble at Dean’s lower lip. Soft little moans from Dean caused his husband to growl possessively, as he pushed himself against his husband’s body, his hands grabbing Dean’s hips while his right leg pushed between his pliant thighs.
“Alright, Charlie, I understand. Yes, it’s fine. Yes, I forgive you. Yes. Of course. Talk to you soon. Bye.”
Cas smiled to himself.
Dean nodded eagerly. He wanted to take the angel’s hand. Oh, how badly he wanted to take the angel’s beautiful hand, promising to save him from the monsters. He reached out, but just before his own skin touched celestial skin, did he see that his hand was stained.
And he smiled at Castiel, still obviously very nervous but not afraid anymore and he nodded, more to himself than to Castiel.
“S-stop!” he blurted out. “Just stop, okay?” He forcefully pulled his hand out of Cain’s grip and took a step back, away from the hand on his face. “I t-told you, I’m not interested. Leave me be!”
“Ah, yes!” he finally exclaimed and Castiel suppressed an eyeroll at that impossible triumphant voice. “Castiel Novak. Our neighbour with the handmake cookies. How could I forget?”
Unfortunately, it didn’t seem to do the trick. As soon as he pulled up onto the highway, Castiel frowned at himself in the rear mirror as he realized what a ridiculous amount of money he had just spent and not because he had truly needed all those things but because he had acted like an insolent child, stomping his feet because the world had treated him unjustly.
“I suggest you stop worrying about it, darling. You’ve done a great job tonight. I’m sure all the parents were swooning over you, especially after that incredible performance of yours.”
“I’m being ridiculous, Shoshanna, aren’t I?” he said to his dog with a heavy sigh. Shoshanna licked his face with sincere sympathy, as if she wanted to encourage him to just write something.
He was still crying silently when the familiar red Audi approached a few mph over the speed limit, stopping right in front of the hospital. Dean blinked and swallowed as he watched Alastair jump out of the car, striding over to where he sat on the steps, looking left and right to check for other people, his rigid tension very visible on his long lean face. It was a dreadful mixture of terror and relief that washed over Dean at the sight of him, leaving him slightly breathless.
“Why, Dean, “Castiel asked as he now stood before Dean and tried to make eye contact, “why are you sorry? There’s absolutely nothing to be sorry about.”
“I want to stay, Cas. I swear, there is nothing I would rather do. But there is just no way…”
“Uhm, well, uh, I-I don’t wanna get, you know….” Dean was stuttering again, barely getting out his sentence, “I don’t wanna get fat.”
His sentence trailed off, and he froze in shock when he saw who was standing in the room.
His eyes softened at once. “I’m sorry, Charlie. I didn’t mean to yell at you. But you must understand that this is quite the unusual situation for me.”
“Well, Castiel, my name is Alastair, it is nice to meet you. What is your profession, may I ask?” Alastair was very polite and made a point of being friendly but Castiel felt the friendliness was not quite real, the smile didn’t really reach the man’s eyes. There was something strange about him, but he couldn’t pinpoint exactly what it was.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel whispered, as he lightly bent his head to place a soft kiss on the top of Dean’s head underneath his chin.
She didn’t wait for an answer and hurried back into the gym, against the stream of people heading out. Castiel stepped to the side to make way for them and he squatted down next to Shoshanna. He was feeling incredibly restless and he knew he needed to compose himself. Using an old trick that always worked he buried his face in Shoshana’s neck. She whined feebly as if in empathy and lowered her head to give him access. It immediately calmed him down.
“Yes, I know, “Dean groaned, and he whined when Alastair grabbed his now naked ass in a sudden possessive grip.
“Castiel, listen, “she finally managed,  “uhm … you need to know that I …. uhm ….” she held on to his hands and looked up to the sky as if there were some answers for her to tell him.
Already feeling a bit better with that thought, Castiel turned the corner and got the keys out of his coat to open the door to his house. He took off his coat as he quickly went over the things he needed for a simple Shepherd’s pie, then he washed his hands and got to work. He put on one of the older Simon and Garfunkel albums and hummed to himself, as he concentrated on cutting the carrots, peeling the potatoes, and blending some garlic and onions in the pan.
“I’m Dean and this is my student Kyle, “Dean continued with a hesitant smile. “Kyle here applied to university with this song, amongst others, and they accepted him, naturally. Kyle, I want you to know I’m very proud of you and I wish you the best of times at uni.” With this he smiled at his pupil who beamed back at him and it seemed that was his cue because he began to play.
You’ve been here for such a short time. Are you already unhappy with your job, is that it?”
He sighed and watched a gust of wind whirled a heap of yellow-brown leaves up into the air, his eyes glazed over as an unexpected wave of nostalgia suddenly washed over him. Even though he had spent many hours in front of the fireplace quarreling with his arrogant father, causing the hair in the back of his neck to stand up with re-awakening fury, even after all this time, he still cherished the remembrance connected to that. No matter how many aggravating memories, the fireplace was still associated with a sense of home and security, because there were good memories too. It reminded him of his mother sitting in front of it, knitting him one of those dead-ugly sweaters that always made his skin itch. It reminded him of his younger innocent self, playing cards with his siblings, all of them together making an awful lot of noise. Howling and hooting in unison when Gabriel had been caught cheating for the umpteenth time. Their mother had always tried to shush them repeatedly, lest their father was getting impatient with them, but most of the time, she hadn’t been really successful.
“I can’t do this anymore, Dean, “Castiel said, just as upset as Dean. “You can’t go on like this anymore, Dean. He’ll kill you sooner or later.”
Alastair yanked his head back by his hair and Dean’s eyes squirmed shut with renewed pain.
Inwardly, Dean bristled at the inappropriate endearment, but he tried to keep his expression polite. “It’s Dean.”
“Great. See you then.” He turned and made towards the door when he realised something was missing.
He was genuinely intrigued, and he decided he needed to know what was behind this mystery. He didn’t have anything better to do anyway.
She rolled her eyes, then she got up. “Thanks, sorry again, “she said loudly, then she strode towards the gym’s exit, pulling Jo with her.
His first shift at the clinic was hard. He had tried to sleep as long as possible in the morning, but still, his body had trouble adjusting to the different timetable set and when there were nearly no patients in the first few hours, he ended up craving his bed, leading to him second-guessing his decision to take this job. But just when he thought he was going to fall asleep on his desk, his colleague taking care of the only patient until now, a Siamese cat with diarrhea, there was a call: a large English bulldog was brought in, having been attacked by another dog during the late-night walk in the park. The poor thing was bleeding heavily and Castiel operated on her for hours, barely saving her life in the end.
“No use delaying this, right Shosh?” he asked aloud and Shoshanna barked once to agree with him.
“No, “he protested, taking a step towards him, his hands raised tentatively. “Please, Dean, don’t…”
Castiel wanted to make that sadness go away because he hated it. “Why are you married to him, Dean? Why are you with a person who treats others like that?” Before Dean could answer, another thought entered his mind, one that made his heart race with sudden red-hot fury. “Does he hurt you, too? He does, doesn’t he?”
“Dean, you don’t have to if you don’t want to! Maybe we could do that later, yeah?”
Please let me know if you liked it (or also if and why you didn't), it would mean a lot to me ❤
“Dean?!”
“I haven’t even introduced myself, sorry about that. I do that sometimes, just forget telling people the essentials, don’t take it personally, I’m just not a very organized person.”
Another moment passed. Then, with sudden forcefulness, Castiel screamed as he punched his fist into the side of his car and oh God, it hurt, but the pain seemed to release something inside him because he let out another abrupt scream, a furious
Sorry for the delay, I have totally overestimated the time I would have for writing while on vacation, which was almost none, unfortunately. But now I'm back home and can hopefully resume writing at my old pace :)
Dean smiled and tapped his glass against Castiel’s. “Cheers.”
Castiel hummed. “That’s a shame but you’re right. It’s not fair to get a dog when you can’t offer him what he needs. What kind of dog do you like?”
He quickly typed a reply, ignoring Anna’s huff of indignation.
Or at least that’s what he told himself when he sent the ball back into the wall with such animalistic ferocity that Garth looked at him in surprise, missing his cue. Or when he excused himself at Charlie and Jo’s to splash his face with cold water in the middle of a movie, just because some characters had shared a tender kiss although they were supposed to be watching an action movie.
