“you’ll be ok, hang on, ok” he said making Tony sit and he waited for the man to pass the nausea he was clearly having, a concussion most likely but he wasn’t hurt anywhere else “Tony listen to me we need to get out of here, alright?” he asked but when Tony didn’t acknowledge he cursed “Sweetheart, come on we need to get out of here” he said “Buck, Scott come on we need to get out of here, get this people up!” he yelled making the team move to help the others, Tony groaned but caressed his cheek making him turn to look at him, the warm hand stayed on his cheek the flicker of a smile pulled his lips.
“You are very welcomed, Tony” Thor answered and kept helping people cross, the Exchange was quick but let a sour taste on his mouth.
“Birds have taken heavy fire, we’re no longer entering Wakandan airspace; not even Tony’s connection can make that order disappear, his friend Colonel Rhodes was waiting for the order to flight one of the birds himself but was shot down when Hydra started to take down every single bird in the sky” Coulson informed him “we’ll give you all the help we can from this end Captain, but right now you are on your own”
“Roger that” he said to Nat and went to Scott who was looking at the tracking tablet “What you got?” he asked him
“all right we’ll keep you advised if the situation changes” Coulson said and then hang up, he sighed and gave the phone to Sam
“I told you, I don’t know, the only people who knew were in the mission” Tony said flinching away from him, he didn’t noticed that he was still holding his arm and was squeezing it tightly, tightly enough to leave and ugly bruise of the shape of his hand
“Yes, they’ll push forward” he agreed and looked ahead his eyes found Tony instantly a few meters ahead talking with Nat his Russian impeccable just as his Wakandan, Italian and English, a well educated and raised heir not a spoiled brat as he believed; Nat had a small lopsided grin, mirth in her eyes as Tony spoke, she looked happy and carefree, hell she looked the age she truly have a beautiful 28 year old and Tony was smiling widely speaking with rapid words and hand gestures, then she laughed hard, she put her hand on her lips muffling her laughter and Tony, he giggled making her laugh harder, he couldn't help the smile that appeared on his lips, move forward indeed.
“Come on, Fury, give me three choppers, I’ll have these people in Kenya in 20 minutes” he growled, but Tony took the phone from his hand before he could hear Fury’s answer.
He shot who ever got close to their location, his team stood up as one, and shot the army that was attacking them, there was no hesitation in any of them.
“Get the hell away from them” came Tony's voice behind them, he dared a quick glance at the man, but he noticed he wasn't alone Phil, Sharon and several agents were there with him, he smiled.
“Kalá” he said pointing at the woman who flinched away from Buck, Scott was quick to pull her up front
“You fucking knew didn’t you?” he growled making Tony stop and stare at him, he held his eyes “you knew Tony will do anything in his power to help T’Challa and you fucking set him up with me because you knew that I would have completed this mission no mater what the cost! What is it for you Fury when Killmongrer killed the right heir to the throne?” he yelled there was silence on the line “you are even worse than Pierce and he is the fucking leader of Hydra!” he yelled “I’m taking this people to Kenya with or without you fucking help, and so help me god, I will see your fucking resignation on my bloody desk in the triskelion! Now I need the air support for this, make it happen!” he growled and hanged up, Tony stared at him stunned, he moved the few steps that distanced them, but Tony's eyes widen in fear and looked down and walked away from him, he clench his jaw in anger at himself his gut churned in shame, he did that he made Tony fear him and God if that didn't hurt and made him feel like punching himself in the face.
“clear” Clint said and they nodded, he looked back and what he found made him clench his jaw and fist his hands, blood, trees askew and broken, body parts and bodies thrown haphazardly on the ground and no sight of Tony, he moved quick and began to run, the others no far behind, forming a strike line.
“For god sake, Stark, you’re a stupid, irresponsible, immature, spoiled brat! A kid playing with people lives, I wonder what it takes to earn your trust, god I should have let you in that damn camp for you to ro…”
“Rest for 30, Widow hold it up, were going to rest for 30, blue team set a perimeter” he ordered, Sam and Bucky sighed and the others complied
“Tony, sweetheart” he said making the young man to blink and his eyes focus on him, soft whiskey colored eyes found his blues, god he was beautiful.
“Wakanda ngonaphakade” she repeated, his brother nodded and hugged her one last time, he pulled them away and the helicopter raised, he sighed and they began the walk to the secondary pickup zone near the Kenya border, after a few hours of walking in the noon heat, the rain started, heavy and cold, the trail began to become more slippery and difficult, the uneven terrain, mud and heavy rain had been putting a strain in the others, Stark as always fret over everyone else, now that his arms were child free he was free to help even more, he sighed and stayed behind to watch their backs, now Thor and Nat on front, while Clint, Scott, Bruce and Sam stayed in the middle, Buck by his side. They walked in silence under the heavy rain, he didn’t know what was worst: the rain or the heat, both were draining his energy far too quickly, he sighed, he didn’t knew if this truly was the right call for him to make, after all they coming back is putting his team in danger when they had completed the mission, but it felt wrong to leave them, to let them to just die in the jungle.
He considered himself to be a patient man, it took to much to rile him in to blind anger, or annoyance yet here he was trying no to lose it when in presence of the most asshole to ever asshole and wasn’t that something Tony would say?, god he misses his very young brilliant best friend.
“Yeah, you are more than welcome to the party, there's gonna be cake” Scott said to Tony, who smiled and nodded
“3 day LRRP, critical personality, right?” Stark asked making them all frown “my name of your paychecks?” they flinched “extraction and do whatever it takes?” he asked he recoiled from his words, Stark looked up, gaze empty still “my father signed a contract when he co founded SHIELD; facilities, money, weapons everything to achieve peace, then he died a few weeks later in a car crash that had been ruled out as accident and had been investigated as murder since I was 6; this contract expires tomorrow after 20 years, because of the stipulations my father put in it only a Stark can renovate, modify or cancel the contract, since I’m the last one” Stark said with a shrug making them all see the way Fury just manipulated them and was now trying to do that with Stark “I don’t blame you really, you follow orders right? You just get the job done and complete the mission” Stark said there was no reproach or disappointment in his tone, just facts that made him feel like he punched him in the gut, Stark finished talking and looked at the window, he looked at his team, who were waiting for him to say something
“You Scott Lang are going to be just fine” Tony said voice commanding; Scott flinch when Bruce put pressure on the wound he couldn’t see clearly “this, this is nothing but a scratch you hear me? You are going to see Cassie, and celebrate her birthday, tell me about the rabbit come on” Tony pleaded and was quick to add the antiseptic to the now uncovered wound, Scott grumbled.
“hey, hey!” he yelled grabbing Tony by the waist and pulling him to his chest, Tony struggled in his grasp, fear in his eyes
“what about you Sam?” he asked, Sam looked at him and then at T’Challa who averted his eyes away and wasn't that something he hadn't see coming.
“I'm fine no internal bleeding, just scrapes that need stitches, stop worrying, Steve is the one with bullet holes on his body” Tony pointed out, he winced at Bucky's glare.
The village was gone, fire, blood and scattered bodies persistent on his view, the smell of cooper and rust lingered in the warm air, the stench of burned flesh and hair made him gag and just like that the rain began again, heavy and constant drops of cold water, it almost felt like the earth was mourning what just happened, he felt useless, lost and in rage the world raging of the violence of the coup and how people were treated in the jails, where in the outskirts the violence was even worse, how many nursing mothers stayed in that mission, how many children? There wasn’t anything that he wouldn’t give to turn back time and kill those men, to demand those damn choopers and take all those people to safety, Scott was holding the kid he saw earlier, bloody and unmoving, he looked away from the devastation of the face of a father holding a dead child, of a mother mourning her lost family of the lost and scared faces of the children that had nowhere else to go, he stilled himself and cleaned his tears away, this people deserved peace, safety and he was damn sure they will have it, he was going to take them to the border and to Kenya, resolution firmly in place he turn to look at his team , scattered looking for survivors and helping them to arm themselves.
“Rumlow has been after my head since he kidnapped me when I was 16, he tried to make me rebuild guns for Hydra, he threatened, tortured and even tried to rape me to accomplish what Hydra had asked of me, I didn’t, I used a flame thrower and escaped from them, it appears he followed me here, I didn’t know that” Tony explained voice broken and lost, he lowered his gun, he couldn’t stand to see a gun that close on firing in Tony space.
“let’s go, Tony” Thor indicated, pulling him, he took Kamala from his arms who started to cry, Thor gave it to the young male that helped him before, then pulled Stark towards the chopper
“Your staff should be frightened, you got any idea what those soldiers and rebels are going to do to you and those young women when they come here?” he snapped making Stark flinch and the women recoil in fear, but his eyes held his, challenge in them, he wasn’t going to go with him until he finished, he turned to Bruce “maybe you can help” he said, Bruce nodded
“It’s ok, not gonna hurt ya, ‘m here to help” Buck said voice going soft, knife kept away; kneeling in front of her and hands up, the trembling girl pulled away and clenched her torn clothes, Buck looked around and found a shirt nearby, he grabbed it and put it on the trembling girl “khu selekile, ukufihla1” Buck said, making the girl nod, Buck stood up and they moved away from the cottage, they entered another one just to find 3 men, stabbing a man, laughing about it, they shot them and kept going, just a few yards away from the main village was a large cottage 5 soldiers were making a dozen of people sing and dance for them, two bodies already on the ground, Buck shot two in consecutive order he shot one, Bruce another and Clint finished with the last one.
“someone’s transmitting something” he growled, the fear changed to anger, he stood up “Winter, we got a rat in the nest, get them up, take their weapons away, we search everybody right now” he said on the com, Tony was already awake and helping the others to wake.
“Widow, get us out of here before they realize they’re a tail gunner light, and find us a safe place to rest” he ordered
“We have at least another two hours, the explosives took half their troops” Buck reported as soon as he got closer to him, he nodded
“Captain” Tony said making him turn to look at him, his eyes were still murky, Tony moved his hand away from his and his gut churned in agony and despair “I should have told you about T’Challa and Shuri, I’m truly sorry it was never my intention to put the team and you in danger, I thought that Nick had told you about them, when he called I explained the situation to him, why it was important for them to be protected” he said voice broken eyes downcast “God, if something happened to anyone, your team, this people that's on me; fuck you're right…”
“you don’t want to send your men? Fine! I’ll fly the bird myself, but don’t think for one second that the rescue mission will be in the hands of SHIELD anymore, the Air Force will handle this, you are dismissed” he said turning away from him
“Don’t play coy, Captain; you’re telling me that you and the team couldn’t get Stark in a helo?” Fury’s reproach and impatience clear in his voice.
“Thank you” came Tony's voice inches from his ear, he turned to look at the man, Tony smiled softly and leaned even closer, his lips touched his, it was chaste and delicate, but it was the best kiss he has ever had.
“report what is it?” he asked, he stood next to Stark who sighed in relief and put the now awake child in the ground, but still held her hands, the child waddled in wobbly legs but smiled at Stark, who smiled and encouraged her to keep walking
“Captain I’m responsible of 70 people here, more than half of them seriously wounded” Stark began to explain
“This two” he said next, he looked at the two males, they were the ones that helped Tony all the way from the mission, with Kamala, hell M’Baku even saved his life, Sam and Thor made them kneel.
“bring them up” he said to Buck, he nodded, give the binoculars to Thor and turn to give the signal for the others to approach them, they moved in silence and were next to him in a few seconds.
“Widow what you see?” he asked in the com, there was no answer but he didn’t expected one right away.
“I guess congratulations are in order; for a job well done” Stark said making him snap at him in surprise “Captain Steven Grant Rogers III, my father used to sing praises about your father, you and the howling commandos” his voice empty and hollow, he didn’t spare a look at his direction, he kept his eyes at the helicopter floor “I made the connection the moment you walked in my operation room, didn’t knew Fury was so invested to get me to the states” he said; why not? He was American after all, he frowned at that because not so long ago wasn’t he asking himself that “if he send his best team; the honorable Avengers, the best elite team within SHIELD and even the world; to get me out of Wakanda he must be planning to guilt trip me into renovate the contract with SHIELD, after all SI pulled out all SHIELD’s resources and doesn’t make weapons anymore” Stark said making him still and the others too
…He just stayed put a fixed point in the mission, deliver the rich kid to American soil, that’s it, complete the mission no questions asked and be damn who ever put himself in front of him trying to stop him…
1 “I can’t believe it I’m talking with a fucking wall, this happens to me for not listening to Rhodey and send Fury to fuck himself “
“The crash will be spectacular in that one” Nat said next to them a beer on her hand an a mischievous smile on her lips, he smiled and nodded
“We love you Tony. All of us, we will always will” T’Challa stoped Tony from getting on the helicopter Shuri by his side “thank you, for your help” he said and then turn to look at them “captain Rogers, thank you, for helping my people, the people of Wakanda will never forget you or your team, thank you” T’Challa said he nodded, Tony gave him his phone
“brother I want to stay with you and M’Baku” Shuri said, the younger man denied “kufuneka uhambe, asiyazi ukuba abayilandelanga, ubuncinane uya kukhuseleka, siya kukubona eKenya1” the man said, making the girl nod reluctantly but holding Kamala tightly to her chest.
“shh shh shh shh, it’s ok, it’s ok, you speak English?” he asked the trembling woman, she nodded “good, I’m not going to hurt you, are there any soldiers? are there any rebels?” he asked she denied still scared “are you sure?” he demanded a bit more harshly making her whimper in fear “shh shh, are they?” he asked again, she denied, he nodded “I’m looking for Dr Anthony Stark, you know him?” he asked, she nodded “good, I need you to take me to him, now, nice and easy” he said letting his hand drop of her mouth and following her towards the main house in the camp “Winter, were moving, Doc with me, blue team secure perimeter” he ordered and received affirmations on the ear piece, the woman stayed with him a few steps from the door, Bruce went and open the door of the main building, inside were only beds filled with sick and hurt people, a little hospital then, Bruce and him walked to the end of the building and cleared the curtains to see an operation table, with a man on it, while Stark and two white women were next to him assisting him in the operation.
“What about my people, they left their home because you promised safety!” he accused making his gut clench
“Ringside seats to an ethnic cleansing” Thor said voice dark charged with wrath, Natasha passed him the binoculars, rebels along with Hydra soldiers were killing and maiming people, two soldiers dragged a man trough the ground, a woman screamed when they shot the man several times, then one of them dragged her too and shot her, blood quickly splashed in the ground, the dirt was soon turned in to bloody mud, a child no more that 10 was running away from soldiers and hid behind a car when they entered a cottage and screams were heard, then gun shots, the men exited the cottage and they set fire to the house, he kept looking at the child who didn’t move and just stayed hidden, waiting for the rebels and soldiers to leave.
“We haven’t even been here an hour and we are going back to that hell hole?” Clint asked making Sam and Buck shrug
“You know Captain; you have this face that screams kicked puppy in another new level, you ok?” Stark voiced made him snap of his thoughts, he nodded
“God damnit Tony!” He cursed “They are hiding T’Challa Udaku, the prince of Wakanda, Tony mentioned something about that in his last call to me when he was still in the mission but I thought T’Challa left the place soon after” he explained to the confused faces of the others
“Thank you, Steve, you rest to ok?” Tony said and walked to find a resting spot, he didn’t wander far from his, he noticed and couldn’t help the smile grazing his lips
“why would we demand trust when we gave none?” Thor asked him, his Tone perplexed at his lack of understanding, he held his ground, Stark was at the wrong at this he put everyone at risk.
It was getting hard even for them the heat got even worse, the sun burned his neck and face, his tack gear felt like a second very heavy skin and the heavy weight of their guns made him want to stop, but Stark kept walking, pushing and helping his people to continue, sweat visibly in his forehead and neck, his arms trembled now and then with the weight of the child in his arms, but he refused to let her go
“I see, Captain, as you were” Stark said standing up and walking away from him, he sighed again and passed his hand through his hair in annoyance with himself.
“Something on your mind, Captain” Stark’s voice made him snap of his thoughts, he denied. “I see, thank you for doing this, for helping them too” Stark said with a warm smile, he didn’t respond so Stark let it go and kept walking.
“How you doing?” Buck asked, stare blank, he cringed inside, he hated when Buck called him out, he turned out the com from his end, just like Buck did before he asked, he glared but remained silent, yes stubborn was his third name, but Buck was as stubborn as he was if not even more, the glare that followed his every step made him twist his insides
“glad to see you still got it, but we got trouble” Scott said pointing to the tablet, he nodded and sat, his eyes glazed at the sudden dizziness “you all right?” Scott asked when his movement were still a bit slow and groggy, his body was resenting his choice of bed and treatment in this mission in other words he was dead tired and sore.
They walked for an hour more when they stopped to rest, just like before Stark helped the others and didn’t rest, Kamala was in the arms of the young male that helped him before, while Stark helped bandage the leg of a woman, he looked away from the scene and walk away from Stark and the others, he sat down in a rock and sighed, Stark was clearly tired but he kept pushing and helping, how wrong was him and his team to sub-estimate this man, who was doing whatever it took to help this people, how the magazines portrayed the man was just a lure a mask Stark portrayed; he heard him before he saw him
“Damn, pretty and a spitfire” Buck voice in his ear made him snap and sized the man in front of him, so far Stark has contradicted everything he believed of the man, it was surprising and embarrassing, he pride himself of not judge a person until he meet them and right now, Stark was making him cringe internally at his conceived prejudices.
“Take us there Nat, we have a tail” he said, she nodded and began to change the course to go to Kenya, they didn't stop not even when it was dark and a even more difficult to see where they were going but he trusted his team to take them to Kenya so he stubbornly marched ahead.
“Because I lied to him about Fury giving the go to evac his people before, there was no need for him to doubt me” he said with regret and shame, they nodded and settled again to rest he sighed and sat up on a boulder, he closed his eyes and drank some water after, Stark squatted in front of him eyes concerned and worried, lip held tightly between his teeth, he frowned
‘And now he’s back at the bottom again,’ Tony chuckled at his own joke, looking from the open windows on the third floor to the victim at his feet.
The teen glanced back and forth between the bed and the blond, ‘W-what happens to them? Did they leave? Do they live somewhere else?’
‘We’re the Avengers, crazy shit happens. I don't really think there's anything out there that could surprise me.’ He said with an unimpressed air though he could not help but look at Loki once more.
‘Yeah, I’m just-’ Peter sniffed, quickly wiping away his tears with his sleeve. ‘I’m just really happy.’
‘It is good to see you again,’ the god nodded but he was quick to raise a brow, ‘where is my brother?’
Thor looked at the three huddled on the ground and then at his own brother whose eyes were locked on the family as well. ‘Loki, is this of your doing?’ he asked, his voice low.
He waited for his goons to strap Steve to the table, making sure each belt and chain was properly secured.
would come to the party or not,’ Tony sighed, watching the trickster raise a questioning brow. ‘Barnes said you would come, me and Bruce said you wouldn’t…’
The doll looked up at which the child stopped crashing his hands against the glass. The young boy smiled desperately and waved, jumping up and down as he was finally noticed. The blond blinked, but then shook his head. ‘Never seen him before, master.’
Bucky lowered his newspaper for a minute, looking at the trickster from the corner of his eye as he took a sip of his coffee. ‘Sure,’ he said eventually as he shrugged, turning back to his paper.
Jarvis cut off the video downloaded from the doll’s memory, causing an ominous silence to fill the room.
‘I am ready captain Star Lord!’ Loki laughed as Quill’s contagious excitement took over him, though he had no idea what was going to happen.
Now proudly clothed in a big Spider-man sweater, Loki sat on the couch, watching the movie Peter had chosen, together with Steve, Thor and Tony.
‘Hey, little guy,’ Scott smiled as he took off his helmet, dropped his bag and looked at Loki. ‘Seriously, Wanda, you weren’t kidding.’ He laughed, hardly believing his eyes, but as the raven kept staring at him in a questioning manner, he quickly continued. ‘Oh, I’m Ant-man, or Scott, Scott Lang. Whatever works for you.’
‘Big brother,’ Loki started cautiously as he took a step back, causing Peter’s heart to just shatter into a thousand pieces. ‘Is this true…?’
Loki nodded as he held onto the heavy knife, holding it in front of him as he tried to copy Bucky as best as he could. ‘Hold it like this…’ He mumbled and swung the knife in an upwards motion after which he threw it in the air.
‘… Sounds awesome!’ Peter laughed as he had no idea what the raven was talking about but he was just happy to play along.
‘No, that won’t be necessary,’ Steve shook his head and looked at his team. ‘Romanoff, I want you to look into the victim’s financial documentations, bank accounts, loans, debts, everything. Also I want to know what kind of charges were pressed against him. Stark, we are going to that mansion. I want to speak with Miss Potts again and Barnes and that kid, Loki.’
‘I still have to take a bath, we could go together,’ Loki smiled innocently as the other Avengers fell completely silent.
‘Yes, sir,’ Loki nodded with a smile, following the Ravager back to his ship which was casually parked in the middle of the front lawn.
‘That is okay,’ Loki smiled, he wondered what “texting” was for a brief moment but as he sat down next to the captain and admired his drawing, the question disappeared from his mind. ‘This is beautiful,’ his voice was soft, almost in a whisper.
Tony looked at the three Avengers and then at the captain, who stared back at him with bright blue, terrified eyes. ‘Okay, honey, come on, we can do this.’ The playboy whispered and he took a deep breath.
‘Loki, you’re being awfully quiet,’ the teen said, now looking at the trickster, who was staring at his own hands.
‘He’d tried…’ he sat down next to the blond and quickly removed the blindfold. ‘Steve, you need to tell me. Has Stane used you as well? For sex?’
‘It’s okay, Loki,’ Steve chuckled, placing a hand on the child’s shoulder, though he could not help but cast a quick gaze at his friend, who was now trying to get all the pieces of uncooked and sludgy pancake out of his hair.
With Tony at his side Steve made his way deeper into the garden and walked straight towards the shed, meeting the tall and broad man he saw earlier. ‘Good morning, I’m Steve Rogers, Criminal Investigation Department, this is my colleague Tony Stark.’
The small trickster looked up in awe at the massive complex. He stared at all the people walking in and out of the store, some leaving with just a small back and some with iron carts on wheels which were stacked till the point where Loki wondered if the person pushing it could even see where he was going.
As the trickster remained completely silent, the doctor cleared his throat. He held out his hand, his eyes now locked on the large book behind which the raven was hiding. ‘So, are you going to give it to me?’
‘Yes, I find it hard to believe that everyone is so indifferent towards Killian as well. Surely the man must have spoken to them about moving out, or even leaving the country.’ Natasha nodded. ‘But that’s not all.’ She took a deep breath, biting her bottom lip for a split second before continuing. ‘You asked me to look through the charges pressed against our victim.’
‘It doesn’t matter who I am,’ The teen sounded so insecure, scared even as he gulped and adjusting his stance. ‘Y-you have exactly ten seconds to tell me wh-’ He yelped as he tried to take a step back and tripped over a lose shoelace. He tried to grab on to a showcase in his panic to regain his balance but managed to pull it down with him as he fell, causing the glass to shatter and the expansive work of art to break at his feet. ‘Oh no… no, no, no! Mister Stark, I am
‘Oh, come on,’ Steve sighed with a smile as he looked at his best friend, Bucky merely returning his gaze with a smirk.
Loki’s smile widened till the point where Tony could count all his teeth. ‘Then I shall go and find this fine warrior. Thank you, Tony!’ he then opened his arms and wrapped them around the playboy’s neck in a hug. ‘You are the best,’ he whispered.
‘You think Miss Potts was lying?’ Tony asked as he rang the doorbell. ‘She said she didn’t have an intimate relation with Killian.’
‘No, Loki, of course not,’ Thor managed to smile as he took the empty glass from the raven’s hands. ‘You are right, all it took was… was someone to show him love and that he had a place here, among family.’ he then closed his arms around his baby brother, holding him more tightly and giving a tender kiss on his cheek.
Thor opened his eyes as he lay in his bed, the light of the early morning sun illuminating his room. He looked at the clock, noticing that it was only five thirty in the morning. It is still early, too early to wake up and start the day, or so the god concluded.
It was disturbing to hear pleading words without emotion, yet what nearly brought tears to Tony’s eyes was the way the doll forced itself to stand, legs covered in ruby-red liquid, body trembling and eyes still blinded.
The four Avengers stared at him with wide open eyes, they then looked at each other and back at Loki again.
‘But…’ Peter let out a sigh, ‘fine…’ He watched the god and his father disappear in the dark woods surrounding the Avengers Compound. He sat down on the bottom of the stairs with a defeated sigh, waiting for his boyfriend.
Tony watched himself through the doll’s eyes and grunted softly. ‘Go back. See if you can find anything with Obadiah in it.’
‘Get off the couch.’ Obadiah’s voice was filled with irritation, a sign for Steve not to hesitate so he instantly jumped to his feet. ‘You won’t have to go into Rest Mode. I’ll make sure to take care of you right now.’ He bumped into the machine’s shoulder as he walked past him. Steve did not know what to do, the fear of doing something wrong brewing restlessly in his stomach.
‘No,’ Stane’s voice was loud, causing Tony to stop in his track and look at him. He cleared his throat. ‘I’ve put you through enough shit already. I gave you this machine to help you unwind but it just made life worse for you.’ He wrapped an arm around the man’s shoulders and slowly but certainly guided him towards the front door. ‘You go home, Stark. Get some rest. I’ll take care of the machine.’
Carefully stretching out his hand, Tony placed his fingers on the Beast’s paw. He trailed the creature’s skin, fingers moving through soft fur until he gently held on to his hand.
‘Mister Odinson, did you kill Mister Killian?’ Steve continued before Thor could even defend himself against his partner.
Pepper’s eyes widened as the question took her off guard, ‘Uh… I had a couple of drinks at the bar in our lounge together with Aldrich… We stayed there till eleven or, eleven thirty. I went to bed after that and, as far as I know, so did Aldrich.’
Tony leaned against the table, his arms crossed as he felt anger flaring through his chest again. ‘How about explaining to me what’s going on here?’ he demanded. ‘What the hell is this, Obie? The cuffs a-and gags I could understand, but the noose and-!’
‘You are right,’ Loki gasped as he climbed up the desk and walked towards Tony, his face now only an inch away from his. ‘Will you be my side-kick, Tony?’ he asked as he enthusiastically shifted from one feet to another.
‘It’s alright, Loki,’ The smile that Thor casted towards his little brother was filled with nothing but love, his blue eyes gentle and warm. ‘I just-’ He averted his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath, his smile slightly quivering as he looked at his baby brother again. ‘It will be alright. I promise.’
‘To-ny…’ Steve gasped, uselessly trying to get a grip on the wet tiles. ‘If you continue- I… I’ll-’ He tried to warn his partner, but Tony mercilessly continued to suck him off.
‘Well, I did add extra potion to Steven’s drink, just to be sure it could counter the Super Soldier Serum running through his veins… as for me and Thor, we are Asgardians, maybe the potion does not work on us at all, and you only drank half of it, so…’
‘I will do each and everything you require from me,’ Steve nodded. ‘Including providing carnal pleasure.’
Tony frowned and moved to his knees. His eyes then widened at the amount of blood covering his now flaccid cock and Steve’s thighs. ‘What the-?!’ he quickly moved back, his stomach churning in absolute disgust as he saw the mixture of blood and semen dripping from the blond’s ass, staining the white bedsheets.
The Avengers turned around, meeting the gazes of Peter and Loki, both covered in mud, grass stains and brightly colored paint, Bruce standing behind them.
Tony stared, unable to respond other than to smile back. Steve looked so content, so unlike the traumatized sex doll who sat at the edge of his bed mere minutes ago. He looked flawless in Tony’s favorite black sweatpants, the sweater he was wearing, though being a bit too small, colored perfectly with what once were sky blue eyes. Tony swallowed hard as he had to remind himself the blond was still a machine.
‘It’s okay, big guy,’ Rhodey patted Thor on his shoulder in compassion, though he could not hide a wide smile as well. ‘I’m sure your parents love you anyway.’
‘Well, it’s clear to me, then.’ Tony nodded as he placed his hands on his hips. ‘Tried to close the window, slipped, fell down, dead. Easy.’
wake Loki. He knew the younger god would never agree on sleeping together like this, not now that he is older at least. He knew that once his brother would wake up, he would yell at him, ask him why they lay together and what in the name of the Norns he was thinking.
‘Maybe I could answer that question for you,’ A woman’s voice sounded, and the four detectives turned around, meeting the gentle brown eyes of a gorgeous lady. She was dressed in an all-white skirt suit set, her red hair tied in a low ponytail and falling over her left shoulder. ‘Detective Rogers?’ she asked kindly.
The raven looked around himself, trying to figure out where he was. He stood up and walked cautiously through what he could only describe was a library.
‘Yes, mas- Tony.’ Steve let his arms fall and the playboy almost whined at the loss of his warmth and touch.
Loki now frowned heavily, quickly hiding behind the cabinet again. So the man was not a friend. The trickster listened to the conversation between the two carefully, hearing how his brother declined an offer that would apparently keep him under some sort of spell.
‘It, uhm- it started about half a year ago,’ Loki nodded at his own words. ‘He just… he just wanted to touch, at first. Then there was the-uhm, the kissing, yes. Small pecks, and then- then full on kisses and, uhm, tongue…’
‘For Norns sake, just sing!’ Loki hissed, making sure he kept his distance from Peter and Tony. ‘If you feel like singing, then sing! You are his princess… Prince… you are his something, right? Surely you will succeed. Now hurry.’
Steve’s heart was beating loudly in his chest, heartbeat drumming in his ears. He held his breath as he heard the front door being slammed shut, Tony’s voice now completely gone. Tears threatened to spill from his eyes with each approaching step, Stane’s two-hundred dollar penny loafers testily tapping against the wooden floor.
, was way too real. He grabbed a bottle of scotch from his desk and set it directly against his lips, not even caring to pour it in a glass. The liquor burned down his throat as he swallowed, washing away the bile that threatened crawl from his stomach. It was a welcoming distraction which lasted not nearly long enough.
‘You mean the Killian case?’ Fury shook his head, his one eye turning back to the papers he was working on. ‘The man fell out of the window. It is a tragedy at most, not a case.’
‘Will I also become a great warrior like you?’ Loki asked as he looked at the passing windows, watching their reflection.
Tony smiled and pressed a gentle kiss against Steve’s soft, soft lips. ‘That’s what you want, isn’t that right doll?’
‘There you two are,’ Tony huffed as he looked at the trickster and the teen, his arms crossed, causing Peter and Loki to look up in surprise.
‘My apologies for interrupting, but we have guests standing at the door, sir.’ The female voice echoed through the kitchen. ‘It appears to be mister Quill and his team.’
‘-in the world, thank you.’ Clint added with a chuckle, making a bow as he courteously held up his apron.
‘Wouldn’t be so sure if I were you,’ Bucky said as he cleaned his gun, ‘my shots are far better aimed. You know, for an archer, you really have poor eyesight.’
Peter looked at Loki and chuckled, ‘Okay, so, since I have been trusted by Thor to supervise you, I thought we should just go inside and-’
‘God, I hope we find Steve soon,’ Tony let out a sigh in annoyance, he turned around, noticing how he was still being followed by two rabbits, a deer and a hand full of squirrels. He wondered whether he should turn around and scare them away, but seeing that it didn’t help the last three time he did so, he wondered why it should work now.
“Star one, over” Sam clipped voice made him turn with a frown “can you wait one sir?” Sam asked and handed him the phone mouthing Fury, he sighed and took it.
“Rhodey!” Was Tony immediate answer then a explosion was inches from Tony's side, he fell painfully over a fallen tree, for a moment or two he stayed there stunned and trying to get some air on his lungs.
“I’ll handle it, Star one out” he said giving the phone to Sam, he sighed and looked at Stark talking with one of the women of the camp, he was going to complete this mission whatever it takes, he took a deep breath and let it go carefully slow
“Danger close” Nat voice came though the com, everyone kept moving and when they arrived to a safer zone, they went on ground and stilled, Bucky kneeled beside him just inches away from Stark, Kamala kept fussing and whimpering, Buck turned and made a funny face, making Kamala quiet in surprise and Stark to smile, the rebels kept walking on the trail passing them, but Kamala, fussed and whimpered, making them all still and Stark to hold Kamala protectively, one of the rebels stopped and made others to mobilize in search for the sound, he cursed internally, his team was ready to take the rebels out, but he was not able to guaranty the safety of the other people not even Stark’s not in this circumstances, the rebels approached, getting closer and closer with every step, one of them got closer and closer to their location the end of the barrel of his riffle just millimeters away from Bucky’s right temple and inches away from Stark face; they stayed frozen not daring to move, the man was to close any sudden movement and he surely will see them; he got ready to shoot his finger moving slowly to the trigger, if the rebel gave another step he would bump right in to Bucky and shoot Stark instantly; but the man stopped and regroup with the others and continued to walk on the trail, he sighed and turn to look at Stark, he was holding Kamala tightly and the kid had already gone to sleep, he stood and went ahead a few steps, Buck touched Stark shoulder
“Were only five clicks in, 7 and a half miles to the pickup zone” Sam said looking at the map of the route were taking
“This is what they do” the woman behind them said, her voice just as soft; he noticed Sam just outside the door and the others too listening in; he held the tears at bay, Stark held now Bucky’s hand and one of the woman in the ground “they cut off the breast of nursing mothers so that they’ll never again feed their own babies, this is what they do, they maim and rape, they burn and kill and call it peace; they call it the greater good” she said voice broken and tears falling, he couldn’t stand it anymore he left the cottage and walked away, tears falling and rage boiling.
“Tony, this american men are here to see you” the woman half yell half whimpered and put herself behind Stark, who looked at her and hid her with his body.
There is an age gap between Steve and Tony by ten years, Tony is younger so yeah, he still a genius Medic and engineer.
“I’m sorry cap, I’m so much better that this” she said “he caught me sleeping, I’m so much better I promise”
“What Steve, If Anthony had informed us about the prince and princess would anything have changed? Would we have helped them? Left them behind, kill them?” Thor tone left no other option but to answer the truth, and what was it exactly? He was ready to answer with a ‘I don't know’
“It calms her, Kamala is a badass and please just Tony” he said hoisting the girl in his arms, Scott smiled
“Go! Make them open the gate!” He yelled at them before running towards his team, Thor was being held by Bruce and Sam by Clint, while Scott, Nat and Buck covered them.
“Ma’m, I don’t think you realize what is about to happen here, you’re a nun, are you one of the nuns?” he asked when he received no answer he looked at the other woman “are you a nun?” he asked
“good, and you are going to give it to her ok, come on Lang up you go!” Tony said, pulling Scott to sit, and making him groan at the sudden movement.
It was hard, but Steve remained firm. Tony had two options and whether he liked it or not, he was going to have to pick one or one would be picked for him.
Steve’s eyes weren’t angry or annoyed as they bored into Tony’s, but they held a certain air of... determination. That scared Tony, but it made him want to submit even fucking more. Nobody had ever even made it this far past Tony's defense. No one had ever bothered to try.
Still, he couldn't escape the way Steve made him feel. From the first time he met him, everything about Steve made Tony want to fall to his knees, bow his head, and just submit. He’d never, ever, felt that for anyone else. And because of that, Tony immediately put up a wall.
Tony grimaced at his stuttered out words. He knew he wasn’t making any sense, but that’s all he really had to offer. Either he didn’t know how to explain it further or he just didn’t want to. This was the first time in a long time he'd felt the need to explain himself to anyone, so he figured he’d done well enough.
That earned her a shy smile and another shrug. Steve couldn't help at smile at the interaction - Tony and his 'mama' was cute.
Steve was expecting to have to restrain Tony, at least a little bit, but much to his surprise Tony didn’t put up much of a fight. Not after Steve got him wrapped up, at least. He actually turned around so he could grasp clumsily at Steve’s jacket, burying his face into the Dom’s chest and wailing.
Steve, who’d still been lingering a few feet back, closed the distance between them. Tony was expecting questions. He was expecting Steve to demand an explanation as to why he behaved that way, but instead, he just reached up and began to run his fingers through Tony’s thick, brown hair.
From there on out, it was like Steve was on a mission. He wanted Tony to open up, and Tony was most definitely not willing to. He wasn't necessarily happy living the way he was living, but he was safe. And that's what mattered the most to him.
It was far from the first time he’d heard that. Just about anyone he'd spoken to for more than twenty minutes ended up asking some form of that question. And they all got some form of the same answer. The truth was, before Tony, he simply just wasn't looking. Life had been hectic since he came back, to say the least, and it was hardly slowing down. But one day, he started working with an organization called SHIELD, a company that happened to work very close with Stark Industries. Because of that, he met Tony. In some lab in some painfully large tower, there was a beautifully bratty submissive fearlessly smarting off to Nick Fury. It was...weird. He didn't see it coming, but he could feel it in every fiber of his being: He’d found his boy.
Steve wanted to skip that part. Any Dom who'd dealt with a submissive who'd been damaged like this one wanted to skip that part. It just didn't work like that. But Steve didn't care.
"You look comfortable," she commented casually, her voice warm as she spoke to him, "Is Steve treating you okay?"
“Black is fine, thank you,” he took the mug with a smile, setting it in front of him to cool for a moment before he returned to the subject at hand, “I’m guessing he’s not so bad when you’re here, then?”
Tony was crying as he nodded, not happy about being sent off while they undoubtedly talked about him. What if Steve was just about to complain about how he'd been treating him? What if he got him in trouble with Pepper? What if he wouldn't even give the phone back so Tony could tell her bye? None of this sounded pleasant to the slowly regressing and heartbroken submissive.
Tony went silent for a while after that, obviously not wanting to answer his question. Steve's guess was that he did, indeed, think they were lying to him. He just didn't want to tell him that.
"C'mere, sweetheart," he repeated, reaching for the sub's hand so he could pull him down towards him. He wasn't surprised when Tony obediently took a step forward and clumsily climbed into his lap. He squirmed for a few moments, trying to get back into the same position they were in in the living room. Steve accommodated him, sliding his arm under the sub's legs and cradling him like a baby once again.
He had to force himself to take a slow, deep breath. He was getting angry about something entirely separate from the situation. Whatever happened with Steve couldn’t be blamed on Pepper, he reminded himself.
“You’re sure you don’t mind staying the night?” Pepper asked before he could respond, reminding Steve that they wouldn’t have much longer, “I just...don't want you feeling obligated, even if it is what he wants. It's not too late to call Rhodey up there. I'm sure he's in the tower somewhere anyway..."
gonna end up cuddling him again. Steve figured he could just treat this as a timeout of sorts, but he already knew better than to think Tony would be crying himself to sleep alone in his bed.
," Steve couldn't help but laugh even though he knew it wasn't the most appropriate response, "This is just
“Maybe I could say the same about you, Anthony," he opted to change the subject, not feeling up to explaining things he hardly understood himself, "Why don't
“You’re always good,” she told him with a smile, “Always my good, sweet boy. It doesn’t matter what that voice in your head says; you’re always the best boy. Aren’t you, sweetheart?”
“Good boy,” she didn’t hesitate to praise as she set the hairbrush down next to her, obviously appreciative of his newfound eagerness to behave. Once Tony was finally within arms-length of her, pout prominently placed on his face, she began to lower his pajama pants, “I’ve missed you very much, sweet boy. I hate that this is the first thing we get to do together.”
"Amazing," Steve confirmed with a short nod, amused to see she picked up on his reference of their conversation from the previous night, "I don't think there's a word for how excited he's going to be to see you."
Steve let out a breath he didn’t know he was holding in, smile widening as he pulled the submissive against his chest again. He didn’t fight in the slightest, melting against him with a pitiful sniffle. Tony was only getting more and more comfortable in his arms, and Steve was loving every minute of it. This time, Steve didn’t stop himself from planting a soft kiss on his forehead. He figured Tony wouldn’t remember it happened, anyway.
“demand immediate extraction, for my team and the refugees were only 2 miles from the pickup” he explained, Coulson sighed making the line crackle
“Come on big guy, medical is this way” he said clinging to his frame, the gates to the border were open, the refugees they had helped cross to the border now in Kenyan soil, the helicopters ready to take flight and take them to the helicarrier, Tony was holding him up along with two agents
“I don't want him to let go Bucky, you are just dying with jealousy because now I hold your best friend attention” he remarked at the brunet, Buck smirked and rolled his eyes at him.
“SHIELD’s?” Thor asked before he could because that was unheard off no one used SHIELD for an outside job no less for a civilian.
“he still owns Tony a few favors” she declared, he nodded and looked at Coulson but before they could say a thing about what was next a girl ran towards them.
“Fuck you mean, how am I doing?” he half growled and half snapped, Buck was not impressed by the way he lifted a single brow
“I feel like we’re been watched” Tony’s soft whisper made him shiver but made him snap of the trance he was in he nodded and focused on his surroundings, Tony was right he felt even on him and not from his team.
“she’s staying” Thor replied, he sighed knowing that they will be killed, Stark returned and grabbed her in to a hug
“Go to the Kenya border through the North Horr passage, anything else?” Fury asked there were no more questions, he nodded and looked at Fury when his eye went to him “very well, dismissed” Fury said leaving the room and he followed him just outside “Rogers, be careful I just received notification that the hole royal family had been assassinated; it will be more dangerous for you and the team, Stark is not only the rich white son of this organization founder,  he is a medic but also the brain engineer of Stark Industries and the one who had made and supplied your entire gear and weaponry so Shield and the United States are very aware of the importance of this man to get to American soil” Fury said, he nodded.
“Cassie is enjoying the bouncy castle in the back yard, give me that, you shouldn't have you know” Scott said taking the big bag with the gift, he waved away his concerns and smiled, he followed the men and gave little Nathaniel a poke in his pudgy belly with made him gurgle and give him a toothless smile.
“Captain, starboard side” the pilot said making him snap up to look at him “saw this in our way in” he said he leaned in to see, Stark moved to see too, as the others, the mission camp was on fire, the small lake where they waited when they arrived was red on the shore, bodies everywhere, Stark hands were on his shoulders to lean in and see, he grabbed his waist when the first scream of terror and despair left his lips, his sight blurred with tears at the devastating sound, he clenched his jaw to swallow the sob that wanted to come out, Stark cried harder and yelled when what was left of the church appeared smoldering wood and burnt bodies, the body of the priest easy to spot bloodied on the ground steps away from the church
“To much sugar and that monstrosity of a castle” Bucky said with a smirk we all nodded the thing was huge and now that the kids were gone the adults went for a few rounds on it.
“Been going at it all day” Bruce growled when their eyes locked on the pile of bodies in front of them, burned, shot, stabbed; men, women, children no one was safe from the hands of Hydra, his rage flared.
“take them away from here” he yelled to Bruce who nodded and pulled the people away from them and hide; at the sound of his voice more soldiers came out from the cottage and he shot them Buck too, he turned to shot at one rebel, but he didn’t saw the one running towards him from behind machete on hand; the machete cut a gash in his arm but the gun shot behind made him turn, the larger older man that was talking to Stark, M’Baku his name was, was there rifle on his arms and rebel dead on the ground, he nodded in acknowledge and move to help the others; they systematically cleared the cottages and killed any Hydra soldier and rebel on the village, Bruce began to examine the people on the ground to see if he could do anything for them medically, all were dead.
“roger that” Nat answered in his ear piece, the signals were made and they made the people move and follow Nat; in the middle Scott, Bruce, Sam and Clint, Buck and Thor at the end, he was going to be wherever Stark moved
“I’d better go right?, talk with me if you need to modify weapons, that is at least something I can do well” he said stood and walked towards the others, he sighed and followed his figure until he couldn't see him anymore.
The trail became harder steeps and hills, but they kept going, he was focused on taking this people to the coordinates he send Fury, but he wasn’t blind, all of them were dead tired and they just got slower and slower in the heat and the nagging thoughts of guilt didn't let him alone, Tony followed their rhythm but was clearly feeling the heat and humidity and it was getting worse as hours passed.
“we got a large body, 20 klicks back bearing three-six-cero and closing” Scott informed showing him the screen he frowned
“This mission was doomed to fail the moment Stark was involved, even when I sent the best team I have” Fury said with a nonchalant tone “failure, Howard was so damn proud of his genius son that he bragged to all SHIELD personnel he encountered in his visits, how Tony this and Tony do that; and for what? An early grave and a spoiled brat tha…”
“Tony!” Bruce yelled, when Stark got out of the cottage, his eyes were red and there was a burden on his shoulders but he kept moving, he went to Bruce who was supporting a crying woman, Stark started to talk in wakandan and began to help the woman, the people that was left of the village went with them, he didn’t mind at all and neither his team…
“Sniper, 11 o’clock, sniper” Bucky warned, making him snap out of it and he moved making Tony get lower
“It wasn’t about saving your life” he said Stark eyes widened in surprise and hurt then just in mater of milliseconds the walls were up “it’s getting the job done, completing the mission, that’s all” he said, there was hurt and something else in there, something that he couldn’t place
"Swe'th'art, uh? Tony groaned out, he blushed he hadn't notice the endearment slip from his lips, but he nodded at the daze man "k hel’ ‘e up" Tony blurred he nodded and helped him up, he held much of Tony weight while he fought nausea his eyes were fixed on Tony but Tony was looking beyond him just to froze and then lurch forward he tried to stop him but then he moved with him, Scott was holding his stomach, blood coated his hands and he looked pale, Tony got to him before he collapsed, carefully he made him lay in the ground.
“No!” T’Challa snapped when he tried to pull him up “No don’t touch him!” he yelled when he tried to pull M’Baku’s body away from T’Challa’s grasp
“Dr Stark, were here to get you out, now I suggest you find the priest and the nuns and get your things, pack them up and get ready to move, this jungle is filling with Hydra soldiers and rebel troops and they’ll get to this mission and kill everything they’ll see including
“Not in front of the kids! Jesus!” Clint exclaimed, it was his turn to show his tongue to the blonde, Steve laughed making him shake too.
“When I figure it out, I’ll let you now Buck” he said honestly, Bucky nodded and began to walk, he followed him, but started to ponder the why, maybe it was the result of everything, Fury’s lies and Stark words, he frowned when that didn’t felt good and how since the very beginning it didn’t felt right, did it? When he first held the gaze of those Whiskey colored eyes he was a goner, he knew that push come to shove, he would have done anything to guaranty Stark’s safety, but not only that, he wanted to be in his highest regard, to be able to see the man in the eyes and don’t feel shame when he said there were going to be helos for his people, that when he saw the man in the eye he could see warmth and joy in them instead of distrust and disappointment, this two days with Tony at his care had helped him see something that in all his military life he hadn’t or didn’t want to see, that he wasn’t just a soldier following orders that, he had a conscience too, that he can distinguish between good and bad and that helping this people to safety was the right decision, why he couldn’t see that?, even when his team saw it the moment they landed in Wakanda, he saw it in Natasha’s careful approach to the path they were making, she picked the easiest and safeties one, how Scott and Bruce helped Stark and shared their meals with the others, how Clint always watched the kids and helped them, how Thor helped the women carry their bags or even Bucky starting to learn a few words in Wakandan, but not him, he just stayed put a fixed point in the mission, deliver the rich kid to American soil, that’s it, complete the mission no questions asked and be damn who ever put himself in front of him trying to stop him…
And even through the fog, Tony was annoyed to find that he was...bothered by Steve's abrupt departure. He didn't quite understand it; had Steve been there when he woke up, he knew he would have been
“I will admit, though,” Steve chuckled once he realized Tony had nothing else to say, patting the other man’s stubbly cheek before dropping his hands, “You and your act are adorable. I’m gonna get back to the party, okay? I think you should join me soon before people start to worry.”
"Besides," he added before she could speak, "It's been a while since I've got to really take care of somebody. I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it."
He did, thankfully, and moved to throw the sub’s pants down it. As large as the tower was, he wondered where the damn thing even led to. Was there a room entirely dedicated to cleaning linen? Steve didn’t doubt it, but he was still curious about the logistics of it all. He needed a tour one day when Anthony hated him a little less.
“I can tell, honey," she chuckled lightly as Tony pushed his head up against Steve's hand like a cat, obviously wanting more friction. This was a side of him that usually only she got to see.
“Yes, ma’am,” he whispered with a little sob, beginning to force himself out of Steve’s lap. He didn't want to go to bed, but he didn't want the first thing Pepper had to do when she got there the next morning to be spanking him for petty disobedience. He could be better than that, and in this state, he actually wanted to be, “S-sorry. I’m goin’.”
"C'mere," he spoke softly, opening his posture and softening his features. Tony stayed in the doorway of the bathroom for a moment, seeming to weigh his options. His eyes darted around a little before landing on the cell phone lying next to Steve on the couch. It must have been what he was looking for, because once he spotted it, he slowly began to shuffle his feet towards Steve.
that it would be easier if he just told her. Refusing was not only postponing the inevitable, but it was making it worse. But of course, that was the
“Why do you think that?' Steve asked him curiously. He decided not to point out the fact that if anyone had a reason to think he was bad, it was Steve. He'd seen almost nothing but the absolute worst of him up until that day. If he could see that this was a good submissive with a tough past and a lot of baggage, everybody else should have been able to, "Does Pepper tell you that? That you're bad?
The events of the night seemed to have Tony developing a liking for Steve, but he knew that was mostly just because he was taking care of him and not hurting him. That surpassed his poor, neglected brain’s standards by far, Steve was sure, so it had him growing a temporary attachment to the man who’d been so gentle with him.
“I’ll say,” She laughed quietly, “You know, Tony did create him, after all. One of his best works, if you ask me.”
His words were slurring, causing Steve to bite back a cooing sound. He was slipping further and further away and apparently, he was regressing as he did so.
His head turned to the side ever so slightly, as if he was a curious puppy as he regarded him. He continued to observe for a little while longer before he asked, “Why don’t you have one, already?”
Tony was practically vibrating with excitement while he waited for Pepper to call, and he let out a little involuntary squeal as soon as the phone finally rang, signaling the incoming video call.
was what he wanted from him. He didn't show any of the warning signs Tony wished to God he would have saw in the other guys in the past. No, Steve was a good guy. He wouldn't do that.
easier than behaving, and when he hadn’t had a reminder of the consequences of not doing so for a while, it was even easier.
When he was this far down, though, he kind of knew better. The facade had fallen away along with all of his dignity; he knew that he
"Just about, sweetie," her voice was just as sullen, and Steve could tell she was worrying again, "You know you're completely safe, right, sweet boy? Steve wouldn't be there if he wanted to hurt you. I wouldn't let him be. Nothing and nobody is going to harm you, so it's okay to just rest until I get there. You can relax because you're safe."
A low chuckle came from the other end of the couch, reminding him of Stupid Steve’s presence. He kind of wanted to tell him to get out, but he mostly just wanted him to sit down so he could snuggle back up in his lap. He wouldn’t admit that, though. Not yet. Before he could act on either one of those thoughts, the oh-so-gentle super soldier was grabbing him by his left ankle and untying his shoe for him.
“I don’t think you give yourself enough credit,” Steve finally spoke, interrupting Tony’s thoughts, “I think if you had a little bit of guidance, you’d be just fine, Anthony. But of course, I don't think you want that.”
trying to scare you away, but if you're interested in him like I think you are, then you need to know that he's about to put you through hell and high water before he even thinks about letting you in. I don't want you to stick around just long enough for him to accept that he likes you, too, and then take off because he's too much to handle. So, I'm telling you as early as I possibly can, you make sure you're really going to be all the way in this. Because he doesn't deserve someone who can't handle him, and you don't deserve someone you can't handle. Okay?"
She was adamant about Tony having his privacy, even when he was a brat, and Jarvis was good for making sure they kept just that. It was unlikely anyone could show up unannounced, anyway, but she would rather be safe than sorry. Tony was thankful; one thing he didn’t want to be was humiliated. Nobody got to see him like this but Pepper. Well…and apparently, stupid fucking Steve.
“You aren't bad, sweetheart,” Steve decided to start there, matching his hushed tone to a T. He didn't want either one of them to have to focus on who he was talking about. Talking about what he was feeling was one thing, but he didn't think it was fair for him to have to explain his past trauma to him. They were pretty far off from that point.
“you know what? She could also be armed, get back there with the others, go on!” he ordered pushing Tony away, Tony stumbled and fell hard, his eyes widen in fear, hurt and shock he growled and marched towards the woman on the ground.
“T’Challa! Tony!” Came Sam scared yell, he stood up as soon as he was able and ran to Tony, he kneeled and look at Tony he was face up, chest blackened and faintly smoking, there were metal shards sticking out of it, he burned his fingers when he pulled them out, he verily even felt it, Tony didn't even flinch at the pain.
“so much for diplomacy” Sam said looking at the phone, Fury was compromised that so much power can change people for sure.
“Don't take it to hearth soldier, many of them are afraid of men in uniforms; but I know they are thankful of the help your team has been providing, so please don't let her reaction diminish your actions” Stark said with a soft smile, Bucky nodded a bit shocked “or maybe you are as pale as a ghost and scared her off” he said with mirth, making Bucky laugh
“Popping smoke” Sam said, throwing the smoke canisters on clearing, he could hear the helicopter getting near, the tang of the smoke made his nose itch
The camp was quiet in the early hours of the morning, the sun wasn’t up yet, when they got there, his team ready and alert to any indication of danger, a woman approached the lake they were currently waiting in, she kneeled and was about to fill a bucket, the swift movement to capture and silence her was precise and easy, she was trembling in his arms
“Let’s turn around” he said to the pilot, Stark turned to look at him, eyes wide in shock, he sighed in relief at seeing the man’s eyes shine with something, they found the people walking to the trail to the border and descend in the chopper, Stark leaped and ran towards them, the young male that was still holding Kamala, smiled and gave the child to the teen, he ran and hugged Stark tightly, he approached the two men and they let go
“one klick south of Tadjile Pass, they had to change routes, to evade the mass of HYDRA soldiers, who had been increasing their numbers by the hour, we managed to intercept one of their communications; their orders are to take down the team apprehend Stark and kill the black panther?” she explained a bit insecure by the last part.
“Thor, help the doctor get ready to move” he said and walked away “Widow, we better shorten those miles” he said on the com
“Why don’t we just get doc to tranq ‘im the fuck out?” Buck asked him watching the man talk with the people inside the church
“Natasha, goddess in the front, believes is a girl, I promised I named the baby after her, when she saved my life in a mission in Budapest” he explained, Stark nodded and smiled
“You can call me Tony, you know, your team already does” Stark said, voice soft and soothing, something warm flared in his gut and he fought to not smile at Stark’s permission to call him by his nickname, he felt happy to have that permission, he was feeling left out if he was honest.
The sun was setting giving a respite from the heat, they haven’t stop, they were behind schedule by half a day already and stopping now was just plain old stupid, but he could see the people go slower and even his team was getting tired, of course no one said anything so he kept pushing to get going.
“the signal was still on, they will keep following us, you lead them to this and boom” Tony said “its unfortunately a small radio wave for the remote but far away from it to not hurt you” he said handing them the explosives and the remote, Buck nodded.
“Thank you Captain” Tony said and moved away from him and walked away, yes his word meant shit to him and if was honest he couldn't blame him.
“Come on Steve, up you go!” Tony yelled, with help of T’Challa they helped him up, Tony was bleeding but refused to be stopped by that, his team was not far from them they made a line of fire for them to ran towards the border; that is when he heard the grunt of pain from Sam and Thor, he turned back and let go of T’Challa and Tony, he ran back.
“Did our nice doctor just coerced our director to do his binding?” Thor asked impressed next to him, he nodded stunned and weirdly proud.
“Dr. Stark, could you come with me for a second, please?” he asked tone clipped, holding Tony arm and pulling him up and away from the two males “thank you, it’ll just take a second” he said looking at the two males, who just stared at him and looked at Tony in concern, he hold the sneer that wanted to come out, Jesus he was loosing it
“Get your people ready to go now” he said exasperated and let go of Tony's arm more roughly than he should provoking the man to stumble a few steps, M’Baku was quick to steady Tony with a firm arm on his waist.
Bucky was right he knew the moment they left the mission that those people were dead, but how did he respond to Stark when he asked to stop the men? By downplaying his concern, by just waving away the life of almost 50 people, his gut churned making him sick and still Stark had the heart to thank him for doing his job; for saving his life and the child in his arms, for making the people safe and taking them to Kenya, for promising that his people were going to be taken care of; maybe it was the guilt that eat him away inside, but Stark again didn’t blame him, he knew that he just followed orders and that taking his people was not one of them, he was drowning in pain and despair and yet found words to release him of any blame or guilt
“4 hours ago” he said the men got closer “3 hours” he said and the rebels moved closer “now we figured they made bed and set camp and came at us after first light, right?, bad call; 2 hours ago” he said pointing at the advance “one” he said they were just a few miles away, he frowned “this guys are the ones that ran in the goddam Olympics, they been closing in on us all night long” Scott cursed, he nodded his body filling with adrenaline and charged fear.
Even though he knew he wouldn't be able to keep up, Steve joined Tony in focusing on the movie. Despite the circumstances, it was still the most relaxed he'd felt in ages and it was clear Tony felt the same. The poor thing was touch starved, to say the least, so he was soaking up every ounce of affection he could get. He wasn't sure how long said peace was going to last, but he intended to enjoy it for as long as possible.
“I know you don’t like it, Anthony,” he comforted quietly over his tears, understanding, “I’m sorry, but you
Tony just sniffled in response, giving her a small nod. In Pepper's book, there was a fine line between 'expressing his feelings' and 'self-deprecation', and he had a feeling that the conversation he'd just had with Steve might have been closer to the latter. What he was not about to do, however, was tell her that. He didn't want her finding a reason to actually be upset with him.
“Yessir!” Tony didn’t hesitate to cry, nodding vigorously against his pillow, “I’ll never do it again!”
sweet boy. He could be as big of a brat as he needed to be and that wouldn't change. That would never fail to make him feel at least a little better.
anyone to want you, Anthony,” he reminded him as gently as he could, continuing to play with his hair, “Even I can see that. I think you have an entire fake personality you hide behind just to make sure that nobody wants you. ”
Once he was almost within arm's length, Steve reached out a hand for him to grab and offered him a warm smile, "Why don't you come sit with me while you tell Pepper good night? Does that sound okay?"
nice. Steve was obviously very experienced when it came to this kind of stuff. Tony couldn't figure out why the man was alone, and he definitely didn't understand why he was pursuing
“I don’t know, exactly,” he admitted, keeping his voice level even as he met Pepper’s sharp glare. He’d done nothing wrong, after all, and he was not about to allow himself to be grilled like he was her submissive, “We were out on the balcony and we were talking.”
“I know, baby boy,” she spoke softly. When she grabbed his hand, it snapped him out of his head, where he was desperately trying to grasp on to a reason to be angry – with her or with anybody, honestly – but that was only so he could get out of the guilt-ridden spiral he was riding. He was crashing and he didn’t like it, and he didn’t like that he
And he sounded it, too, if you asked Steve. The submissive continued to cry miserably, and Steve knew he’d fucked up because he was
“I think you’re a good boy. You just try and make people think you’re not, but you're still good,” Steve continued, giving Tony a quick squeeze. He was never much for believing that there were submissives that should just be labeled
Despite everything running through his mind, he was ready to get home to shower. But, that couldn’t come first, though. Not with the night he just had. In the long run, he knew the shower could wait another hour. First, he needed to talk to Sam.
It wasn't angry. It was far from it, actually. But it wasn't the same fond, amused look he was used to getting from the Dom either. This look was more disapproving, and it took Tony about two seconds of eye contact to realize that he absolutely hated that look. He never ever wanted to see it again. He didn’t understand how, but it was
Steve knew Tony was getting frustrated and it would give way to a meltdown if he didn't get it handled. Concealing a frustrated sigh, he stepped forward to pull the teary submissive back into his arms. Tony whined again, even as he rested his face against Steve's strong shoulders and hugged him back, "Nobody
“Yes, you did, and you knew better,” Pepper accompanied her words with a few firm pats to his bare behind before going still again, “How’d you even
He had all of the time in the world, and he knew whatever the endgame was, it would be worth it. He had a good feeling about this, and his gut never failed him. Tony was meant to be his - to heal and to love - and he had every intention of making that a reality. Well, as soon as Tony would let him, of course.
Tony's insides squirmed at the praise. Pepper called him a good boy all the time, but this was somehow different. This time he nearly believed it, and he wanted to hear it again. He didn't know how or why, but he
good, because it meant Steve kept his word. That calmed his nerves a little; he didn't want to already be
The face pressed against Steve's chest was still wet with tears but he seemed to breathe in the other man's scent for a moment. He did it a few times before he finally turned his head and nodded towards the phone, "Can I talk to Pep, please?"
”We’re about to call Pepper in just a minute, sweetheart,” Steve assured him as the elevator doors open, revealing Tony’s private suite, “C’mon. Let’s get you settled.”
He hummed his assent, despite the fact that he had no intention of doing that, then very quickly changed the subject, "How much longer 'til you get on the plane?"
Tony thought to himself, his panic starting to dissipate as he realized what he was supposed to be doing,
He knew he wouldn’t be getting a respectful response at that point, but he figured he would offer him one last chance before he chose for him. He was expecting some wailing and flailing, but he was
"Fortunately enough, yes. He usually isn't completely inconsolable," Pepper breathed out, already sounding relieved Steve's attempt to get her mind on to something she could actively help with seeming to work, "As I said earlier, he loves comfort. He thrives off any affection in general, for the most part, but he specifically likes to be cuddled. And I noticed you already figured out his fixation with having his hair played with."
“You’re gonna be on your best behavior until I get home, aren’t you?” she asked after she announced she was at the airport, giving him a knowing look. He didn’t tend to do well with outside authority.
Even as she moved from her seat and grabbed both of their mugs, she gave him a look and asked, “Are you sure you don’t want to say bye?”
"Yes, mama," he grumbled, squirming a little against Steve, "I'm gonna rest like you said. Promise."
Just like he usually did when Tony gave him a smartass response, Steve just laughed. The look he sent him was still fond, even as he spoke, “You’re a brat, y’know? You can tell no one’s taking care of you.”
“No!” Tony gave him the answer he was expecting without missing a beat. Steve figured that wasn't the case, but he wanted to make sure.
, I will make sure you never enjoy another day of your life without feeling whatever pain you inflict on him. I don't give a damn
Pepper was running her hands through her hair while Steve was pining like a little boy, and a deep sigh pulled his attention back to the screen. She seemed both frustrated and relieved by what Steve had told her, and he could tell the thought of him hurting Tony had obviously been plaguing her for a while now.
Pepper let him watch TV to fall asleep, (which may have been one of his many problems) so he wouldn’t turn it off, but he did need to turn his attention away from it. This, of course, was much easier said than done. Steve did
He tried to force the words out of his mouth, but his tongue-tied and it caused the first set of tears to roll down his cheeks. He wished misbehaving was as hard as
The part of him that knew damn well that he liked Steve was glad that Pepper seemed to approve. Of course, every time he ranted about him on the phone she tended to side with the Dom, and she had repeatedly told him that he seemed like a nice guy, but this was confirmation that Pepper liked the oversized teddy bear. That was good because if he ever wanted to bond with someone, he'd never do it if Pepper didn't approve.
As he was waiting patiently, he realized that the fingers in his hair were no longer moving, but instead just resting on his head. It had been a comforting weight, but not as comforting as having his scalp scratched. With a small grunt, he pushed his head up against Steve's hand again to indicate that he wanted him to continue.
. Or Helen, for that matter. Both of them swore that they didn't mind; they were happy, but Tony couldn't believe that. He was permanently third-wheeling, it seemed, and he spent most of his time rationalizing his actions so he didn't have to think about what was going to happen when they decided they
“Pepper!” he breathed out, breaking out in a grin when he saw her face. His anxiety was bad on a good day, so it was unbearable when he dropped. Due to that, he'd pretty much managed to convince himself that Pepper had forgotten all about him and he never would hear from his favorite Domme again. That not being the case was a very pleasant surprise for his anxiety-ridden brain.
“Thank you,” Tony mumbled, bashful as Steve walked back over to hug him once more. Tony ate it up, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder. It was safe to say his pride had gone out the window by then. It would be waiting on the step for him in the morning, Steve was sure.
"I'm sure he has," Steve agreed, deciding that working through her over-protectiveness now would be best. After all, he wasn't going to hurt Tony, and once she saw that she'd more than likely lay off. He was going to both want and need her blessing in the future, so he wasn't about to piss her off now, "Like I've told you, I understand your concern, but I like Tony and I hope you'll see that I have no bad intentions when it comes to what I'm doing here or with him in the future."
“No!” he whined yet again, sounding more and more like a child each time, “Pepper lets me keep it on!”
After a moment of thinking, Steve decided to try and wait it out; either Tony would start to relax for him or Pepper would call back and help him handle his emotions. If neither of those things happened soon, then he would reevaluate his options. For the time being, he was as comforting and warm as he could be. From what he could tell, Tony liked to be close.
Based on the little bit that he did know, Steve was starting to understand why Tony was the way he was. He hadn't gotten the full rundown on Tony's history with dominants, but he knew that none of it seemed to be very pretty. There was a lot of abuse involved that pretty much started at birth, which left the Submissive scarred pretty badly in more ways than one. Steve didn't know all of the facts, not yet, but he knew enough to not blame Tony for carrying himself the way he did.
Steve understood. If Tony made himself seem unloveable, then nobody could get too close to him and deduce that on their own. It was a flawed and unhealthy method, but it seemed to be working thus far, and Steve understood.
"I'm just as happy to see him," she sighed out fondly, glancing behind Steve and down the hallway in search of her submissive, "Where is he?"
The smile Tony gave him in response was small but warm, eyes crinkling a little as he gave him a small nod, “Okay...”
With that being said, Tony was still obviously in need of a lot more than whatever he was getting. If his behavior was always as bad as it had been in the weeks she’d been away, then something needed to give. Just like every Submissive, he deserved someone who could give him their full and undivided attention. Pepper couldn’t give him that and unfortunately, he wasn't going to get that while he was actively running away from it.
past tonight right now. All I'm worried about is getting him through the night as smoothly as possible. Could you give me some tips on how to do that? You're the expert."
Tony was making a disgusted face before he could help it because no, he really hadn’t. He also hadn’t forgotten what he hairbrush felt like, unfortunately, and the thought of ratting himself out and accepting his fate sounded
Things were sweet last night – Steve knew that Tony clearly liked him more than he claimed to – but he knew once Anthony was awake, that would go out of the window. As much as he enjoyed being around the brat, he didn’t want to stress Tony out by overwhelming him with his presence. He figured it was in everyone’s best interest if he went ahead and left before the submissive had a chance to see him.
“I think maybe we should get you up to your floor, Anthony,” Steve recommended softly after he got a look at the boy's scared, doe like eyes. He turning him around by his shoulders so they could begin to walk towards the doors, “I don’t want you dropping out here.”
didn’t like it when she was angry with him, “I understand this is hard for you, but you didn’t seem to have a problem going behind my back and doing it, so you shouldn’t have a problem admitting it to me.”
"Of course, it's not, Tony," Pepper chuckled fondly, "Just make sure you try to get your rest tonight, okay, sweetie?"
“Oh, I know, Tony,” she comforted sympathetically at the sight of his tears before continuing, “But guess what? I've got a surprise for you.”
Instead, he chose to stare up at the ceiling and seethe for several minutes. As everything came rushing back to him – the cuddles, the crying, the tantrum, the timeout, the falling asleep in his fucking
"Is there anything that helps him sleep?" Steve continued after a moment in his thoughts, hoping there was something he could do to keep Tony from staying up for another five hours, "I really want him to rest."
Not wanting to end up alone was a lousy reason to find a Dominant according to Pepper, though. She repeatedly assured him that she wasn't going anywhere anytime soon. For the most part, Tony didn't doubt that (he did doubt that she could predict the future, though). Her argument was that he needed to find a Dom for
“That usually works for you, huh?” Steve asked as he turned to face Tony with a smile, seemingly amused, “You just throw out a little disrespect and run your smart ass mouth and that runs off every Dom who approaches you, right? That’s what this little act is?”
i lost all of my comments when i deleted and revised the chapters so like drop some comments if you enjoyed! i hope it was at least a little worth the wait! i'll be back soonnnnn
At first, Tony flinched. This wasn't a touch he was very accustomed to. Honestly, he wasn't very accustomed to any touch by then. He wanted to pull away and tell him to leave him alone, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. The fingers against his scalp felt nice.
he could manage this on his own. It wouldn't be the first time he'd had to do it. It wouldn't be pretty, but he could do it alone. If he let Steve see him like this...it defeated the purpose of what he'd been trying to do since he met the man. It let him in.
Suddenly, Tony shifted again but this time so he was gazing up at the Dominant. Steve ignored it for a second, figuring it would pass after Tony found whatever it was he was looking for. When a few moments passed and it didn't, he couldn't help but chuckle as he finally looked down to meet his eyes, "May I help you?"
Well, at least he tried incredibly hard to. Tony wanted Steve at an arm’s length before he did something stupid, like fall in love with him. Unfortunately for him, Steve was persistent. It didn’t work for long before Steve started to force his way in.
“I most definitely do not!” Tony groaned internally at the sound of Pepper’s voice squeaking from over the phone, “We have
at all - he didn't want him to see him like this, but he didn't have a choice. Steve was the only person who was there and as much as he hated to admit it, his touch still felt nice. Tony zoned out as he was led through the busy main room of his own party. It was loud; he registered that, but nothing else. He was too out of it to even care if someone saw them. Hopefully, everyone was drunk enough to mind their own business because he didn't want to wake up to headlines about how him and America's first super soldier left together.
“He says, he ain't coming” he sighed and looked at the camp, this was going to disappear when Hydra came and the people in it will surely burn, his fist clench and his other hand secured his shield in his back, their tack gear was military camouflage, but their guns were SHIELD’s standard issued and personal favorites
“Winter, yes that is right Kamala” he said, Phil was smiling but when Kamala shifted and Tony winced the smile dropped from all of their faces
“Go on doc, we need to hurry” Buck said with a smirk, making Stark smile widen, Stark nodded and hurried to walk along the girl that flinched away from Bucky, speaking in rapid wakandan, the woman nodded and responded with a few lines in Wakandan and then turned to look at Bucky who was walking behind them, she smiled bashfully
“let’s go, now, come on, you’re first” he yelled grabbing his hand and pulling him toward the chopper
“take cover!” he yelled and covered Tony with his body, the noise of the explosion made his ears ring
“thank you” Stark said and leaped to hug him, his arms came to his neck and his face rested in the crook of his neck, he stilled not knowing what to do but still he enjoyed the warmth and the closeness, the soft touch and just for seconds he wished Stark never let go but the unimpressed look of Buck and Nat made him dislodge the embrace and looked at Stark, the man searched in his eyes and sighed when he couldn’t find what he was looking for and the light in his eyes dimmed he gulped away the knot on his throat
“I can’t look at them as packages anymore, those Africans are my people too; I’m going to get them out, or die trying” he stated with a nod to T’challa and Tony, he nodded and looked at Scott
“You’ll be there to enjoy your family, man” Stark said with a confident smile, but there was something in the tone that sounded off, he couldn’t pin point what was it
“I don’t know if it was a good thing or not, feels like so long since I’ve done a good thing, the right thing” he confessed, Tony hand caressed his cheek sending goosebumps all over his body.
“I think were fucked any way we go” she said with a sigh “we back track, cross downstream, come up and go through the jungle and rip right into Kenya just through from the Tadjile Passage” she explained, he nodded at her plan.
“Intel reports elements not far from your sector, Captain; conducting search and destroy of a US military unit” came Coulson reply, he cursed internally
“Platypus, sugar plum, my handsomest best friend to ever handsome in this ridiculous world, I missed you, Carol said you were stationed on the helicarrier for another month” he reproached
“What are you talking about, were in the middle of surgery” one of the women said with a british accent she must be one of the nuns
“All right Captain Rogers I’m all yours” Stark said tone cold and clipped, it made him ground his teeth in annoyance
“I am, I gave myself a few days, Lang invited me to the party, I was ready to call you but Steve told me you were set in attending so I waited” Rhodey answered with a pat to his head and a fond smile that made him regress to his college years in MIT, he smiled at the man that stayed at his worst and smiled at his best. He pulled away when Carol appeared and held his platypus hand.
“What are you doing?” Stark yelled looking back; he just kept pulling him to enter the chopper “no! what about the others?” he yelled eyes wide in anger and hurt, he didn’t answer and pushed him even more “answer me!” he yelled dislodging his hold on his arm “you never planned on taking all of us, did you?”
“the white doctor and the Black Panther” she whispered he repeated the name, what the hell was that? He turned to look at Tony worried and in anger, but Tony was still on Bucky’s arms now trembling “I’m no killer, please” she said
“No, anything but that” Nat said, he nodded, Phil was now next to Tony who nodded and gave Shuri a hug, Kamala firmly on his arms, they moved to the helos, Sam, Scott and Thor in one, Nat, Clint and Bruce in the other; Phil, Buck and him waited for Tony who was just about to get on with them.
“This people are going to drop in this heat” Stark pleaded, ignoring his forceful outburst; he choose to ignore him and looked at Thor
“Launch!” he yelled, while Sam repeated the request, he turn to look at Sam who denied “grenade!” he yelled and threw the grenade Nat and Buck threw theirs too
He didn’t answer at first, but the feeling of Steve’s hand moving up and down his back brought him back to reality. Even then, all he could do was give a shaky nod and whimper out, “I want Pepper...”
Pepper had only just mentioned something along those lines concerning Rhodes, so Tony not liking him having to take care of him couldn't have been new information to her. Steve's words just seemed to serve as a reminder.
She paused for a moment at that, face falling some as she looked at Steve to confirm, “None of those, either, right?”
“It would make me very happy if you’d actually try and get some sleep tonight, Tones,” Pepper continued after a moment of silence, probably sick of watching Tony just gaze at Steve in awe.
Steve had only heard about some of Tony and Pepper's background from Rhodes or others who knew the two of them closely. Their relationship was never romantic or anything close, but they were very close and she was his acting dominant for years. A few years prior, she had bonded with her new Submissive, a Dr. Helen Cho, and they got engaged not too long after that. They had to adjust their legal status, but from what he knew that was about all that changed. Pepper and her Submissive had their own floor in the tower and she still managed to spend a pretty decent amount of time with him.
Tony glared at his sub-band, wishing for the billionth time since he had to register that he could just take the damned thing off. Unfortunately, though, that was against the law, and the last place Tony wanted to land himself was in some Sub house for disobedience.
“Oh, just stargazing,” Tony’s aim was to sound nonchalant, but it definitely didn’t come out the way. He grimaced when he heard his voice squeak, and blushed profusely when Steve chuckled in response.
"Is he...Does he always go down like that?" Steve almost immediately regretted asking, feeling like he was poking around in Tony's head behind his back. But still, he was curious. And besides, this was information he needed, "I mean, I didn't even see it coming. I figured out he was dropping before I could even tell he was in his 'space."
He thought back to the conversation he’d just witnessed a couple of moments ago and how Pepper had told Tony that what had happened to him wasn't his fault. By then, Steve had pretty much figured out that Tony was abused, but that was all the confirmation he didn’t need. He had to stop himself from flat out asking about it right then and there, but when Tony practically begged Pepper to change the subject, he figured it wasn't the time. If Tony didn't want him to know, which he very clearly didn't, then it wasn't his place to know. That required a level of trust Steve figured they had a while to reach. He didn’t mind waiting, but he still hoped it would be sooner than later when he got a better look at the sub’s past. At least then he could know what he was working with.
He was nodding before Steve could finish, pushing himself up to sit. Steve couldn’t help but smile at the eager submissive; he was still adorable, naughty or not. Besides, he apologized for his bad choices and behaved for the duration of his make-shift timeout – although it was probably less than five minutes, Steve knew it wasn’t easy for Tony – so, Steve considered it taken care of. He could go back to being soft; he liked it better that way, anyway, and he was sure Tony agreed.
a little bothered that Steve just left without even saying goodbye. Tony swore that he didn’t want to see him, anyway, and not for a while, at that. But he just expected the usually annoying Dominant to want to come bother him before he headed out. No matter how much he desperately wanted to not care, he couldn’t help but wonder
It started as a work thing. The first damn Super Soldier strolling into his tower with SHIELD agents to gain access to some of his technology. And then came the flirting. And then the question: ‘
“Nah, I’ll head in there myself,” she sighed before taking a long drink from her coffee, “I’m sure he’ll be happy to see me.”
," he was whining out after she switched her aim to his thighs, curling his toes and choking on a sob, "I'm sorryyyyy."
just take a trip over Steve’s knee. However, Steve did note that when he first went to move Tony, he tensed up and became visibly scared. He wasn’t sure if he was expecting a spanking or something worse, but whatever it was probably had something to do with why he was so worked up. Of course, Steve didn’t think the scolding was appreciated either, but he doubted just that resulted in such a reaction.
"Yeah, sure," Pepper grinned back in response, rubbing his cheeks with her thumbs as she cradled his face, "Did you behave yourself for Steve, then?"
– her two favorite people’s birthdays – Tony knew that the numbers came up in many of Pepper’s passwords and codes.
Even a clear-headed Tony absolutely hated when Pepper threatened him, and he hated it ten times more when she did it in front of someone else. It was worse with Steve because he really didn't want the Dominant to see him getting in trouble. It would just be a reminder to the man of how much of a brat he was.
Loki took a deep breath and stood up, following the two Avengers and leaving a large patch of dead grass behind.
Peter smiled and laughed. Never had he thought he would sit in a cart again after he had grown too big for the kid’s seat at age four. But here he was, shouting and having fun with a guy from space who he hardly knew and a small kid who was actually supposed to be a full-grown man. Peter snorted softly, it sounded weird when he thought of it like that. But it does not feel weird, it feels… like fun.
‘You bet it does,’ Peter smiled and held up his hand for a high-five, which Loki gave him with a chuckle, careful not to let his mug slip from his hands.
He rubbed the bridge of his nose and walked a little closer. ‘Try it out, huh… I don’t even know how to-’ Tony growled a little in frustration as he searched the body for a switch or button yet found none. He then froze for a second, his hand lingering just above the doll’s bicep.
‘But he’s still a kid,’ Steve shrugged. ‘And he’ll probably always be a kid in his brother’s eyes. Thor must have lost his trust in about everyone after his parents’ death. The police in his homeland couldn’t protect them then, so why should he trust us now?’
‘… You must be making jest…’ Loki mumbled as he kept his distance. ‘Y-you are not Thor! Yes, my brother is older than I am, but certainly not, well, like you! How dare you mock the soon to be king of Asgard!’
‘Yes, everyone is really kind to me and you all have such amazing powers,’ Loki said as he giggled, holding on tightly to the teen so he would not fall.
‘It is the Infinity Stones which I seek, I intend to collect them all!’ Loki said determinately, now pointing the stick at six colorful pebbles, which were still dripping with wet paint, carefully placed behind Peter. ‘For with those, I will have infinite power!’
Loki let out a sigh in relief as he let himself fall with his back against the wall, the voices now completely gone. ‘That was a close call…’ he said as finally managed to laugh, noticing how the grey in his skin ebbed away, revealing the alabaster skin underneath.
A heavy voice pulled Loki straight out of his thoughts, he held his breath as he slowly turned around and looked up at a towering blond man.
‘Nothing, Thor,’ the raven sighed. He watched the three making their way towards the living room and placed a hand on the captain’s shoulder. ‘Let’s go, Steven. We would not want to miss Rhodes’s “Boom, you looking for this?” War Machine story for a millionth time, now would we?’
‘Thor, I was wondering,’ the raven started as he huddled up against the blond, listening to his soothing heartbeat while the warmth of the man’s body made him feel like he was home. ‘When will we be returning to Asgard? Mother must be worried, and I really miss her.’
He stepped through the entrance, leaving the Sanctum Sanctorum and into the kitchen of the Avengers Compound, where Thor was just asking Wanda, Steve and Tony if they had seen his younger brother.
‘And that’s why Killian stopped threatening the others,’ Tony’s voice was close to a growl, which made the teen look up at him in fear. ‘Does Thor know?’
Loki looked inside, hoping to find some fruit or bread but all he saw were sweets and small colorful cans filled with drinks. He took a black can out of the refrigerator and looked at the bright green letter M written on it.
‘Well, we can’t leave him like this forever, can we now?’ Wanda said as she trailed the raven’s sides with her fingers, causing Loki to giggle and squirm slightly under her touch. ‘Okay, maybe we can.’ She chuckled.
‘Oh, uh, yeah, name’s Clint, and these two are Natasha and Wanda,’ the archer said as he pointed at the two women at his side, ‘and that,’ he looked at the god of thunder, ‘that’s your Thor.’
Loki held quiet for a full minute, after which he cautiously walked through the hallway. ‘Thor…?’ He whispered softly but he got no reply.
Peter remained in doubt for a moment but as he saw Loki’s hopeful eyes on him, he just decided to give it a try, it is not like Quill was going to listen to him anyway.
‘I will seek help in Asgard,’ Thor said and he looked at his baby brother. ‘You hear me, Loki? I will have to go back home for a brief moment, but fear not, I will soon return.’
‘Stop what?’ Tony asked innocently, though he could not suppress his smirk. He then sighed at the blond’s slightly unamused expression. ‘Steve, relax. We’ll be fine as long as no one at the police station finds out.’
Steve, Tony, Sam and Natasha were all gathered in the blond’s office. They were silent, Loki’s story leaving them at a loss for words.
‘Wha-? No!’ Loki frowned, but as the teen looked at him with questioning eyes, he smirked, placing his cold hands on peter’s shoulders. ‘I am that which no living being can escape.’ He whispered as his hands trailed up Peter’s skin to his neck. ‘I am feared, control lives, drive people mad, and yet, I offer peace and comfort. I am the only certainty for mankind, their only truth. To most I am seen as punishment, to some though, I am blissful mercy.’ As Loki’s hands now lay to rest on Peter’s cheeks, he kissed the teen tenderly, slowly, intimately. ‘I am the keeper of souls, the god of death. I am Hades.’
‘No. No! I won’t believe this! Jarvis! Read this machine’s memory! It’s got to be broken. A malfunction or- or maybe a virus.’
Thor smiled brightly, pressing his face against that of the trickster as he hugged him, ‘that’s the spirit, Loki.’ He then turned to the others, ‘my friends, please watch my baby brother in my absence,’ he said as he handed the raven over to Wanda. ‘Now you behave Loki. I will be back before you know it!’ he said as he walked out of the room, leaving the three Avengers with his younger brother.
‘Nothing,’ Loki quickly smiled as he looked at the teen, clearing his throat before he continued. ‘just some practicing of my Seiðr, that is all.’
‘Mister Tony!’ He suddenly shouted, hopscotching towards the playboy with wide eyes. ‘It was a pleasure to meet you, sir! Now, I will continue my journey!’ Before Tony could say anything, Loki grabbed a prototype shield and a small hammer from one of the tables, raising the tool in the air. ‘I must defend Midgard in my brother’s absence!
Steve came hard with a rough jerk of his hips, a flash of white appearing in front of his eyes for a split second as Tony sucked him through his orgasm. Tony swallowed every drop of the blond’s warm cum, then gently licked him clean before getting back on his feet again.
‘I-uhm, at first, I wanted to barge in, ask him what happened,’ Thor nodded slowly. ‘But, then I saw that he- he had bruises on his arms and on his hips and there were scratch marks on his back. At first I thought he was being bullied at school or, or maybe he had picked a fight, but…’ A tear trickled slowly down Thor’s cheek and he was quick to wipe it away. ‘then I saw the blood and semen dripping down between his legs.’ Thor shut his eyes, his nose wrinkled as he fought bravely against a sob. ‘He was hardly able to stand…’
As he watched down from an old oak tree, he saw a man sitting in the grass. He seemed concentrated, looking up from his lap and into the garden and back at his lap again. Climbing down some branches before letting himself fall to the ground, Loki made his way towards the stranger. He coughed in his hand, making sure the man would hear him, hoping he would not startle him like he did with Tony.
The five Avengers raised their glasses and drank their champagne, Peter being the first to put his half-full glass back on the tray.
‘Dad…?’ Peter whispered, slowly walking into the empty room where the Beast sat huddled in a corner. ‘Come on, it’s okay, we’re going home.’ Peter stretched out his hand, but it only made the captain try to crawl deeper into his corner.
They stood still for a couple of seconds, their ears almost pressed against the door. The woman sounded angry, though they could not hear what she was saying exactly.
I wanted to post this way earlier, but then a lot of shit came up so I had to postpone and I really wanted to do some more writing but I didn't really get the chance to do so... being an adult sucks sometimes *dramatic sigh* XD
‘Sugary drink?’ Tony frowned and he looked at the refrigerator, finding the empty can on the floor. ‘…shit.’ He sighed as he rubbed the bridge of his nose. ‘Okay, I’ve got a hyperactive god-child running circles in a workshop filled with weapons that could easily blow up the entire street,’ he mumbled as he wondered what to do next. There was no way the trickster could stay here, not like this at least, so he had to think of something to make him go away. A smirk then grew on Tony’s face as he suddenly came up with an idea.
‘Oldest does not necessarily mean wisest,’ Loki mumbled, causing Thor to glare at him, irritation twitching his one real eye.
‘Why? What is the matter?’ Suddenly, Loki started to smile excitedly, ‘Are you feeling different? Any changes? Feeling… unlike yourself?’
‘If we find him in time, yes,’ Loki took five sweets out of his pocket, ‘The remedy is within these candies, we have to all eat one at the same time and then we will be fine.’
The car ride was quiet except for the music playing softly over the radio. Tony was lost in his thoughts, occasionally glancing at Steve who was excitedly staring out the window. His fingers tightened around the steering wheel, palms turning sweaty as he heard the doll hum along with the music.
