, taking myself and the man of iron,” he warned Steve, but he also sounded pleased. “It will be a feat. One of courage and resilience.”
That was the moment when Tony pulled away, leaving Clint yelping, “What? No way!”
"Steve?" Clint was kneeling on the couch, watching them. "You good?"
Tony stared, heart beating a little too hard as he waited for Steve to say
as good. Second place to Tony’s first. Steve, almost naked with his four of a kind, looked disappointed. Tony just shrugged. “Guess you get me, Tinkerbell.”
for Tony come had been part of the game, but it wasn't buddies now that they were done.
"One of these days," Tony groaned, fighting not to come in two seconds, "we really are going to record this. You'd be the best porn star in the world."
Clint shrugged and passed him a helmet. “Had a guess. Wanna bet you looked like the guys in all the terrible early porn he watched? Though, honestly, I think Stark has a kink for anything involving
for his pants and underwear, because he could be a very direct man), anted in without hesitation. Hard to know if he was actually that confident or if he was just bluffing that well. Steve and Thor joined them after a moment.
Pulling his fingers out, Clint lubed himself up and suggested, “Tony, I want a picture of Steve’s face when I shove my cock into him. But let’s make him beg for it.”
. It was going to be a demanding stretch.
“Do it,” Clint insisted. “Or we jerk ourselves off and leave you to handle this-” He ran his fingers across Steve’s erection. “-by yourself.”
haircut. Did you know that Tony has some kind of late-century mustache kink going on here, or were you really just doing it for the laugh?”
“That was the lineman,” he explained, rolling his hips, working his cock in good and deep, grinding against Tony’s face. “And he grabbed the facemask, Thor.
Tony looked up, his eyes focusing on Steve. Clint breathed out.
“Jesus, Stark,” Clint grumbled. Tony only laughed and wrapped a hand around Clint’s balls, weighing them a little in his hands, playing with them. He was going to blow the archer, but nothing said he couldn’t take his time at it. After all, if Clint kept winning, Tony wouldn’t get to fuck Steve across the table, and that was no fun.
the way forward, his chin pressing up against Clint’s balls and his lips smashed hard around the base of Clint’s cock. Then he started to swallow again and again, making his throat constrict around Clint in tight ripples.
Clint was panting hard, and he set Steve’s legs down so he could lean forward over the guy. “You’re going to need more if you’re going to take both of these jokers,” he wheezed. “So here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to pull out. And you’re going to go kneel up on that couch with your face in the cushions. And then you’re going to fist yourself.” Tony took half a step forward as Steve went tense, but Steve was a big boy and Clint… wasn’t wrong about how much preparation he’d need. “Take your time, and use all the lube, but you’re going to get all four fingers
Catching Steve's hand, Tony nipped at the base of the thumb. "I want someone to suck me off. Then I want to hear, in depth, how you enjoyed my full-service bar." He clearly preened as the three of them vied over who would suck him off. Vain bastard. Clint thought Tony had never looked better.
“Indeed,” Thor agreed easily. “And likely going to end with comely Steve on his knees before us.”
Steve smiled a little uneasily. “You’re saying I should relax.”
Tony grinned at the shock on their faces. Steve might be the youngest, but he wasn’t an idiot. “Are we all agreeing not to pretend that this isn’t about sex then?” Tony asked. “Because this is 100% about sex.”
. Clint was pushing. It wasn’t Clint’s job to push. That was Tony’s job. Clint didn’t know how to do it right. He’d shove Steve right out of their little arrangement and-
Letting out a breath, Steve was slowly unbuttoning Thor’s shirt. “You and Tony. At the same time.”
Face pressed into the cushions, Steve was definitely crying. It was disturbing. Steve got hurt a lot. Crying wasn't something Tony had ever seen him do. Thor, erect and big enough to make even Steve look slight, sat by the side of the couch while Tony stared, hands twitching. "Perhaps that is enough for today," he heard Thor murmur. "You have done very well. Another day, we might-"
while he yanked at ears and hair, his hips rising up off his chair. He wasn’t just riding Tony’s face: he was savaging his mouth hard enough that Tony was having a hard time breathing, his nose slammed repeatedly into Clint’s pubic bone, his throat spasming around Clint’s cock. But like hell was Tony going to tap out. He could suck
your thumb in before you get your treat.”
When Tony sauntered away to get into the car, Steve pulled his shorts back up. They jutted obscenely where his erection pressed at the front, and they stuck to the wet skin on his ass. He had to already look like a mess. Swallowing and excited, he followed Tony in and moved the front seats as far forward as they would go to give them a little room to maneuver. Tony sat in the rear, one foot up on the  red leather seat and a flask in his hand, the other rubbing himself through his slacks. Steve knelt in the footwell and closed the door behind him. The position made him feel every inch of the plug. “Can I take your cock out?” he whispered, looking up at Tony.
Tony twisted the top back onto his flask and tossed it down before reaching for his belt. “You want to see what’s going to be fucking you?” he asked. “Don’t worry. With that monster stretching you, even I’m not going to really hurt you, baby.” He flicked open the top button, slipped open the fly, and pulled himself out. Apparently Tony wasn’t wearing underwear tonight either. He was also hard enough that fitting into those slacks could not have been easy. “Come here. I want to ride your face.”
Then Steve groaned louder, tears leaking out of his eyes. Thor was pulling his hand back out. Tony only realized he was holding his breath when Clint bumped him and whispered, "Breathe."
Clint drizzled cool lube over Steve's hole and began to work his thumb up and down the crease with barely there touches, slowly teasing lubricant around Steve’s hole. Steve arched his back, hips spread wide, eager for it. “Say it for Tony’s camera,” Clint insisted, bending to puff a breath of air over Steve’s hole. “I want it on record.” Steve shivered under him, growing frenzied. Clint rubbed his thumb against the puckered flesh and whispered, “Let me hear you say,
Steve didn’t waste a moment. He kneed forward and reached for Tony’s cock, sucking in the first few inches immediately, bobbing and twisting his head to really work it with his lips and tongue. It was the kind of wet, enthusiastic blowjob you only got from someone who seriously loved what he was doing. Tony let him have at it for a few minutes, then started to push down on the back of Steve’s head, forcing him lower, making him take more. Steve stopped bobbing his head and let Tony take over, letting him shove at Steve’s head with both hands while he thrust his hips up, fucking Steve’s mouth without trying to be nice about it. Each thrust of his hips shoved Steve’s lips all the way down to Tony’s fly and jammed Tony’s cock into his throat.  But Steve had learned to relax, how to just let his jaw and throat relax. His lips grew wet as spit pooled and dripped out, but he could feel Tony’s cock in so deep it felt like he was halfway down Steve’s throat.
“Let us do so,” Thor agreed. Tony bit his lip and touched himself watching as Thor and Clint each worked a finger into Cap’s lubricated ass, each working it in deep and pulling.
“Go on,” Steve urged, twisting his head to look back toward Thor. “All the way.”
Clint, tired of waiting, unzipped his jeans, shoved them down just far enough, pulled out his half-hard cock, and fed it through the ring of Tony’s gag. It was warm in Tony's mouth and wet from saliva. Clint could practically hear it dripping down Tony's face. This had to be one of the dirtiest things Clint had ever done and it was going straight to his balls. Once Clint sank his cock in a little deeper, it sat pleasantly on Tony’s trembling tongue. The gag prevented Tony from closing his mouth. The scene prevented Tony from participating even the little he could. Instead, he just warmed Clint’s cock while the football game played on the wall. Clint smiled lazily at Steve. “IPA, lager, or porter?”
Tony realized he’d just been standing, watching, and fantasizing for awhile, so he picked up the phone to get back to pretending to record this. Not like Steve wasn’t already worked up, his ass quivering and his cock hard, but Tony wanted to see how far they could push before he cracked. “One minute, Barton. I don’t have the shot. I need to record this for posterity.” He hummed a moment, like he was trying to get it just right, then chuckled. “Okay, now you can get back to wrecking his ass.” Yes, that was Steve making the little punched noise. Kinky bastard.
There was a long pause and Tony could imagine Thor considering the benefits of finishing the last hand versus getting Steve on his knees. “I too fold. Steve, I believe you win.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve agreed, cock bobbing. “That’s… that’s what I need.” And it really was. Since the serum, he had rarely had to go long without sex, and he’d just gone almost six weeks with nothing but his own hand.  A good hard smack on his right cheek and then pressure on his ass as Tony started
pulling out the plug. It caught on his inner rim, his body fighting the width of that flared base. Steve held very still, not spoiling it, and Tony positioned the plug exactly where the widest part kept holding Steve open. It hurt a little, but in a good way, and he fought not to move his hips, letting his head sink between his shoulders. Tony was a complete bastard in the best way possible. “Please, sir,” Steve said obediently. “I need more.”
“That,” Clint said, gesturing with a bottle of water, “is the fucking sexiest thing I have ever seen.”
Clint paused. “No,” he said slowly. “But Steve isn’t the only one who can play.”
“I want to keep playing,” Steve said, color high in his cheeks. “Unless Tony objects?”
“I do not understand this rule,” Thor complained, frowning in the direction of the screen while pushing his trousers out of the way. Adjusting Tony's drape across the smooth wooden surface of the bar, Thor carefully working the thick anal plug free of Tony’s ass, leaving him slick and gaping. “The team of Falcons has committed a violation most foul and the clock has been stopped. And yet they remove ten seconds from the clock?” He gripped Tony’s hips and thrust inside, eyes barely flickering away from the game.
But Clint pulled his fingers out and patted Thor on the shoulder. “All you, my man.”
Clint was chanting something along the lines of
Steve twisted to look at him and smiled. “Yeah, I’ll keep that in mind. Now… um…” He looked back at Thor. “I need to get down if Clint’s going to fuck me.”
Steve groaned, head falling back. "Well... when you put it like that."
It climbed up and up. Thor hated to bow out of a hand. He seemed to think it unmanly. And Steve was just stubborn. Barton only traded in a single card. Tony wondered if the guy was actually so lucky or so good a cheat that he could guarantee himself second place.
, Tony," Steve insisted, sounding grumpy if amused.
"I thought you were our... fucktoy," Thor pointed out. "You take our seed when we say. And I am ready to fill you until it runs down your legs in rivulets."
He could see Steve’s cock dangling next to Thor’s thigh, bumping into Thor’s leg on every thrust. Steve’s heavy balls bounced as well, untouched and needy. Forget teasing Steve with the camera; Tony was seriously considering how he could suck them into his mouth.
In other words, a success.
Steve shakes his head furiously but sure enough his cock is hardening up in Tony’s grip. As it does, the true sadism of Tony’s careful positioning becomes clear: the harder Steve’s cock becomes, the more the steel nails dig into the soft skin.
“Tony–” Steve gasps out.
He needs the time to think, mostly, and without Steve’s eyes on him. Steve must have thought Tony was being serious about the whole punishment thing. And it’s not that he’d be wrong exactly. Tony does want to hurt him. He wants to see how he takes it, what kind of pain he likes best and what kind he takes just because Tony likes it. Tony wants to lay his mark on Captain America.
Steve’s index finger presses against Tony’s lips. “Shh, stop talking. I don’t– Just take me to bed, Tony. I don’t want to think about that tonight. All I want is to stay with you.”
Tony’s aware that he sounds more than a little bitter and he puts that emotion into his next strike, this one with the flat edge which lands with a sharp
That settled, Tony moves back to the task at hand. “You haven't answered my question Steve. Anything on here a no besides the sounding kit?”
Tony turns away and changes his nitrile gloves to the leather pair of vampire gloves. The red doeskin is oh so soft which only makes the sharpness of the metal nails attached to the ends of the fingers more unexpected. The nails glint in the light as Tony walks over to the bed and Tony flexes his fingers in anticipation. He’s going to tear Steve apart.
“Yes, but I don’t want to tell you here or now, because I’m not feeling particularly stable right now and I don’t want to become a person who cries in public just because I met my soulmate. So, later. Is that okay?” He didn’t want Steve to push him on this, but he wouldn’t fight too hard if he did.
“You’re not damaged goods.” It was the only thing he felt like he could address after hearing all that. “Whoever did that? Seriously damaged and used you as canvas to express it. It’s not your fault. He betrayed you.” His eyebrows knitted together, a frown etched across his usually bright and expressive features. That was hard to process. Ignoring someone’s safe word sounded so alien to him. Being pushed past limits sounded honestly horrific - more like torture than fun. He hadn’t realized Tony had been the victim of domestic violence.
“Your call baby, I’m just trying to make the world a better place for you,”
That was an appreciated warning and he smiled when he was lifted so easily, clearly delighted. “That’s! You can just pick me up, that’s! So cool!” He hugged Steve tighter, unbelievably happy with his consideration, and laid his head on Steve’s shoulder again. “I definitely want to do that, but I also want you to get to play with the bots. They don’t normally get visitors. Also, you just said the word rad, so I’m not sure I can sit next to you,” he joked, not pulling away at all. The fact that he was so willing to change their plans definitely worked in his favor and Tony calmed down very quickly. “You’re amazing. And we can go back downstairs. I just needed a second.”
“Awerh, jesus!” Steve exclaimed quietly, the wet against his cheek made him realize Tony was crying. “You’re still my baby! I just didn’t expect
Steve chuckled.  “Mmm, don’t you start with that shit again, it’s all fine when we can run to your bedroom equipped with en suite.  Do I gotta start carrying a cock ring around in my car in case you start getting the urge to speak to me in five different languages, huh?”
Steve laughed a little, “I like to have control over my body since I was sick as a child a lot,” he responded honestly. “I’m not so into muscles personally, I prefer a beautiful face.” He smirked looking up at Tony with a coy stare.
Steve nodded almost immediately.  “Yes exactly--both our consent.  To talk about it.  I don’t want to dictate who touches you, that’s? Ignoring your autonomy.  We should agree.” he nodded.  “Shall we leave?”
Steve smiled running his fingers over Tony’s scalp, threading his fingers through the thick brown curls. “My favorite color? It’s red. But it’s a particular type of red,” he smiled, “OCD makes being an artist brilliant because I am very particular over what shades I’m using.” He grinned,
“I’m really not,” he admitted. “And I will too. But we can do it again in two days? After the date you plan for us? If you’re interested.” He took the hint and shoved another bite of pancake into his mouth, then rested his head against Steve’s shoulder for another long moment while he chewed. “What art store are we going to?”
A bunch of potential lies rolled through Tony’s mind, and it was a close thing to avoid just blurting out “I’m married!” to be done with it. That wouldn’t be fair, though, no matter how much this whole interaction was terrifying and making him hate himself and his broken timer and all that he’d been through even more than he already did.
Steve laughed. “Uh. He’s my ex?” it was a question more than an answer, he hoped Tony would be okay with it. “We were in denial for a long time that we had soulmates. Then he met Nat.” Steve spoke tersely. “We still live together because I’d be homeless, but it gets hard at times. He’s been counting down the days ‘til my timer started ticking. Guilt, maybe? He was the first person to tell me soulmates might not be real. They are.” He stated with a heavy sigh. “It happens, surprised mine didn’t scar over after that. I thought I had no heart left for a while.” He shrugged. “Wanna ask me something happy to distract me?”
He frowned since he honestly hadn’t realized he was doing that, then almost aggressively cuddled closer. “So that’s a no on the popcorn then. Fine. I can stay with you all night.” Tony glanced up at him, the back to the movie as well, almost immediately resuming his movie commentary from before.
“It was less creepy than it sounds.  And I’m more than interested.  I wasn’t at first, but I gave in and called him because what if? And then he proved he was serious and I’m falling hard.  Believe me, I want him attached to me.” He made the eye contact and didn’t even pull away from her hand in his hair.  “What was he singing?
Steve ordered the banoffee waffles and a hot chocolate. “I wasn’t talking about watching me with others; we’re exclusive,” Steve clarified stating it like it was the most obvious fact in the universe before leaning his chin on his hands in thought.
Natasha was pleased with the response she got from Tony and the explanation Tony gave for coming around had made Bucky smile.  “Stevie got some talent, but I’ll let you discover that for yourself--do you want a drink or anything?” He was trying his best to be accommodating.  Natasha leaned against his side giving him puppy eyes, wanting a green tea and lemon.  “You already know my order.” She grinned up at him and he smiled affectionately back at her before looking over at their guests.  “Tony? Steve?”
“I have an idea. For some asexual friendly intimacy, if you’re interested?” Steve asked, unsure. “I’ve never catered to asexuality before, I’m going to need feedback to get better at it,” he offered out. “If you are familiar with BDSM maybe we could use the traffic light system for intimacy? I know it’s just touching but I want to make sure you feel safe still,”
“It’s the actual physical thing,” Tony finally answered when Steve seemed to be done monologuing. It’s just incredibly overwhelming. Orgasms feel like my brain is overloading and I’m very uncomfortable with that situation. But Steve. Sex doesn’t have to be reciprocal in the sense of us doing all the same things for each other. Just because I give you a blowjob doesn’t mean you have to give me one. Because what we did last night? That was intense in all sorts of good ways. I’m sure you can come up with stuff that’s good for me.” He leaned across the table to stroke his cheek. “You’re being incredibly thoughtful right now and I really do appreciate it. I want you to know that.”
Bucky laughed.  “You’re such a sap.” He prodded at Steve’s shoulders playfully, making him squirm, which made Tony uncomfortable in a way he didn’t quite understand.
“Sure baby. I think you may need it more than I do, but I respect you need some headspace.” He smiled, letting go of Tony to collect the plates, coming back for the mugs. He explained the bare bones of the matter to the waitress who was more than happy to put them in the microwave and bring them back out, he slid into the same side of the booth as Tony.
“Dork,” he chided with a grin. Then he sobered a bit as Steve kissed his wrist. “I didn’t think the… I didn’t think yours would keep going. I thought… I’m glad. That you found me. Really really glad. Even if today’s been very up and down. You don’t mind it, do you? The scar? I mean, you have to. It’s awful. But I can cover it.”
Steve used the hands Tony had a hold of to pull Tony closer to him. “I can word out if I need to - so can you,” Steve gently reminded Tony that he was still aware that they didn’t have to do anything they didn’t want to.
Steve was smiling as the claw poked his cheek. “Then he decided he really liked my face.” Tapping to enter the camera gallery he picked up a picture of him nose booping the claw. “You have no idea how long it took me to get that picture.” He informed Tony, a grin still dominating his features as he pulled up a very posed picture of Dummy by himself, center frame.
“You have better things to do than laundry,” Tony clarified, though he smiled at Steve’s response. “I’ll get the stuff done tomorrow.”
The blush spread a little more and he glowed with pride as he ducked his head and curled into Steve. After a couple deep breaths, he pulled away and stood up, rolling his shoulders and stretching a little. “It was for me too. Really really good.” He leaned down, moving slowly so Steve could pull away if he wanted, then kissed him firmly. “I’ll be right back. Help yourself to the kitchen or whatever.” Then he ducked into the bathroom to brush his teeth and wash his face, returning without his pants a few minutes later.
When he got back, Tony was still wearing the lingerie, but was also wrapped in a soft blanket and was doing something on his phone. “So it looks like Pepper got you some things anyways. There’s fresh underwear that looks your size in the closet.”
“Some people don’t need a reason not to–they need a reason to.” As soon as the cameras started, the owner was out, giving the people a choice between leaving immediately or deleting the photos, and Tony remembered all over again why he liked this place.
“Not a lot of good, honestly. A three year, incredibly abusive relationship, and then I was just in the community for a while because it felt safe, after. Maybe not safe, but something. I’ve done stuff with a couple professionals, and I’ve had two platonic d/s relationships, one of which went really well for a while. Helped me get comfier trusting someone with that stuff again. But hey, stuff happens. How about I trust you about the trust thing for now and we can talk about it again much later.” He pulled out onto the lookout point, facing west, and put the car into park. Then he opened the pizza box between them. “Why’re we eating vegetarian and gluten free? What’s the story behind that?”
“Hell yes. Love them. I can go on for days about the problems, but I eat that shit up. Oh. I commentate movies. And tv. And the news. Basically everything. Just so you know. I don’t even notice I’m doing it, but Rhodey swears I do. And I’d love to see your pieces.” He smiled genuinely and squeezed his hand.
“I happen to think red would go amazingly well with your skin tone. Definitely a sight my eyes are interested in seeing.” He took another bite of lasagna. He focused on cutting the food with intense precision. It should be fine, he told himself, as long as Tony wasn’t actually in the lingerie in front of him he should be able to squash the feeling filling his stomach.
“That’s ridiculously sweet and thoughtful. But there’s a difference between being obnoxious and in people’s faces and just talking how you talk and sharing your experience of the world. What I’m saying is that you don’t need to desexualize everything because I don’t see the world through a sexual perspective. If you do, that’s just as important for you.” He stroked and then kissed his cheek again, then stood back to let him pick the car.
Tony Stark to slam into me out of a cab, that’s all. You know, people can look like celebrities without being them!” Steve tried to defend himself. “You would expect an ex CEO to be travelling by a limo or something! Look, I was dumb as fuck, please don’t let that be your lasting impression of me.” Steve pleaded, his hands coming to wipe at the stains of subtle eyeliner leaking onto Tony’s face. Tony couldn’t seem to find the energy to pull away from the gentle touch.
“Crying makes people uncomfortable and we’re not the only people in this diner. I’d really rather wait.” That wasn’t his only reason, but he didn’t want to give Steve any more reasons to be upset on his behalf right then. “I know it wasn’t a punishment but I… do appreciate you making it perfectly clear.” He gave in a little and leaned into Steve’s side again. “You’re sure this is okay now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve chuckled “we’re gonna work out just fine. I can’t do casual sex. I don’t separate love and sex well enough to handle it.” He figured Tony had probably been burned enough by people just looking to use him.
“I’m setting him up as a butler,” he explained. The extra politeness was actually easier to set up than having him talk normally would be, so that worked out well too. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and pulled him close as soon as the pen was set down. He’d show him the bots like he promised, but the eagerness was actually making him a little more wary, since it was so unusual for people to care like this. So a pause for a hug helped. “Let’s wait just a second, okay?”
Tony pulled back just about as violently, but after taking a breath and holding his wrist to his chest for a second, he put a smile back on and responded, “He ran right into me when his stopped.  There really wasn’t anyone else it could’ve been.  I was all set to run away, but Steve chased me down the street and cornered me in an alley.  It was very romantic.”
“Yes, Master.” Tony was going to thank Steve for everything, regardless of Steve’s assurances that it wasn’t necessary, because everything he was doing was incredibly far from anything he’d been given by anyone else and every second of it was precious to him.  He cooperated easily with Steve’s directions, shuddering pleasantly when his hair was rinsed and then making several pleased noises as the soap was spread over his skin.  Steve was definitely going to get some VIP treatment when it was his turn.
Tony took Steve’s hand again and pulled him up the stairs, then used his handprint to unlock the door and moved through the mansion to his office to find the form. “Here, just. Sign and date here?” He hated that he had to make Steve sign this, wanting to be able to trust him, but at least he seemed to genuinely understand.
If Tony’d wanted to call Steve Sir before, he was practically itching for it now.  He whined sweetly at each mark, his hands staying in Steve’s hair, though he was careful not to pull.  If he could, he’d want Steve to mark him like this every day.  It was going to feel fantastic tomorrow in his meetings.
“I wouldn’t say comforting, exactly. I do like the potential space holds though. There’s lots to discover out there. I’m not sure I’ve ever stargazed, but I did take some astronomy and astrophysics classes and I know my way around telescopes and the night sky. I can point out the planets and constellations no problem. And I think maybe it’s instinctual for people to be uncomfortable in the dark and quiet, but I’ll be good with you there.” He smiled up at him again, not quite able to avoid looking at his face since it was right there for the looking.
Steve hummed, forgetting momentarily that extreme personal details about your relationship with your ex wasn’t the best topic of conversation for a date, but quickly addressed the other question.  “I don’t mind if you change the song, baby.  I love everything on my iPod.  I put you in charge of the music.”
He shouldn’t have gotten invested. He knew that. He never should’ve called.
“I… Think I’m cool with calling this sex, yeah. Though it’s really really so much better.” He gasped softly, then swallowed, squeezing Steve’s waist a little as well. “I want to try all of those things. I really do. But I think I might be edging towards orange here. This is a lot and everything’s been kind of a lot today and I think I’m ready to take my pants off and curl up under the covers with you if that’s okay?” He knew it had only been a couple minutes and he was blushing again, but he was getting pretty overwhelmed by stuff and slowing down would probably be for the best.
Steve easily slipped into his longing stare. Clenching his jaw, he maintained direct eye contact with Tony. He loved how Tony always made eye contact and sustained it. The staring competition alone was enough to light a fire in his stomach as he sat back to simply observe Tony. “Maybe that’s a good starting point, but rather than choose the lingerie from your existing collection my style is more buying it for you then seeing you wear it. That way it’s something I’ve gotten for you. You’re not just wearing my choice, your lingerie would be just like a mark to show how you belonged to me,” he smirked, dropping the eye contact to make another highly controlled cut into the lasagna. There was barely any left and Steve could already feel himself starting to get hard. Tony just kept making such beautiful noises whilst talking about his body in so many various beautiful lingerie choices. God, did he want to see and touch that. The imagined feel of touching silk, then Tony’s soft skin had his leg twitching. Even his mind was teasing him now. He’d never met anyone that could get beneath his skin and turn him on so easily without touch. It was intoxicating.
“It’s not hiding who I am Tony - I’m not… as marginalized? In that sense? This is how you deserve to be treated: with respect and consideration.” He caught himself before he got too heated - it wasn’t even
Steve added, “Watching the sunset together is still cliche as fuck, it works with you wanting to give me a clean up operation too. I promise, it can all still go to plan because the plan is to have fun, not to make sure we get to certain places on time. You’re not gonna go and say no to these puppy eyes are you,” Steve shot him the best glance he could, “You can’t possibly say no to this face, can ya?” he teased a little. “What if I say please? I could even add baby on the end to that if it’ll sweeten it.”
“That’s completely understandable Tony. I’d be happy to sign an NDA for you any time,” Steve replied, a little saddened by the fact Tony had to stop touching him to drive home. He fastened his seat belt, preparing for the ride back to Tony’s place. He paused before adding,
“You’re beautiful, whether or not you’re camera ready, I promise. I just didn’t put two and two together, because of circumstances. And you came with roses. They’re my favorite flower. Honestly, this was perfect baby. We just have a habit of messing with each other’s romantic mojo,” Steve tried to reason. “Do you want to come in? I feel like you’re exposed out here, I don’t want anything getting out. I can show you my cheap as fuck house, you can meet my best friend--he’s been teasing me all day.” Steve smiled, trying to coax Tony into giving him a chance.
“Ignore my arousal, I just really love our kisses,” Steve whispered, moving his hands up to help the water through Tony’s hair.  He grabbed a shampoo bottle, pouring a decent amount onto his palm, then Steve started to massage it into Tony’s hair, walking them backwards so the spray hit his back and missed Tony entirely.
“No taking anything apart, no dirty hands, and no test-driving. But your friends can see it.” He pulled one of Steve’s hands up and kissed his thumb. “And I actually do have to do work tomorrow, but maybe the night after we could do something and you could stay over again?”
“Good.” That was so much better than Tony had been hoping for.  He kissed Steve’s knuckles and then held onto him tightly.  “I’m glad you’re feeling it.” He drank some of the coffee and leaned his head on Steve’s shoulder and watched the clouds moving across the sky in front of the stars.  “Can I come home with you tonight? I was going to wait for you to ask, but I really do want to see your studio and I’d really like to spend another night cuddling and my ass looks amazing in these jeans, even if you can’t see that through the coat and I really want you to show me off a little.”
“Well done baby,” Steve praised as they finished.  He turned the shower off, before getting out, then he held out a towel for Tony.  “Don’t want you getting too cold,” he added, motioning for Tony to step out so Steve could wrap him in the fluffy towel.
“I’d be honored,” Steve grinned. With a beaming smile on his face, Steve hoisted Tony up, so that he was carrying him. “If you’re going to sit on my lap we’re not going anywhere though, are we?” He laughed carrying Tony over to the elevator, he leaned forward to touch their noses. “What time do you want me to leave?”
Tony didn’t bother asking about putting meat on one half. He could eat anything and they could figure out that stuff later. The person behind the front desk took their order and Tony bought them large drinks as well. “You’re sweet. Beyond sweet.” He squeezed his hand on the way over to the soda machine. “I love the 20 questions idea. And I love that you trust me to drive you out of the city at night with no clue where we’re going. And. I do want to meet your friend. In the future. And I don’t care if you talk about me as long as it’s not to the press or to someone you don’t trust.” Fuck, he was relaxing about this way too quickly. He always had trusted too easily, but this was…
Steve bit his lip, breathing a little labored now. Tony was being so incredibly sexy. It came out of nowhere but god, he loved it. Steve couldn’t focus on his food anymore, he was semi-hard and oh so desperate to just let go. Restraining himself, he managed to calmly reply.
“Favorite movie?” He asked as they moved into kitchen and dining area, Steve had already been cuddling Tony against the breakfast bar.
When Tony was in his lap, Steve’s hands instantly skimmed up Tony’s back. He felt the planes of Tony’s muscles and his shoulder blades, he could feel the roughage of Tony’s scars but he was careful not to linger. Moving his palms back downwards Steve began to rub lovingly over the small of Tony’s back.
“Yeah.  It’s who you’re with that makes the romance,” Tony agreed.  “That’s a good word.  Cherished.  I definitely cherish you.” He smiled at Steve for a long moment, then nuzzled his cheek again.  “You’re amazing.” He was happy to lay there for as long as Steve wanted, and he wasn’t crying again, which made this all much better than their last couple dates, in his opinion.  Eventually, he started talking about stars again.
“You calling your office a closet, Tony?”
Pandora’s box opened.
“The candles. Nothing with hot and cold.” His voice chatters at the last word.
Is he imagining the softening in Steve’s jawline?
Steve looks horrified.
Tony opens his grasp as Steve’s cock pulses, not wanting to hurt Steve by accident. He strokes Steve through it. The world doesn’t quite feel real.
Steve starts to rub himself harder against Tony’s foot, against the rug, desperate it seems to get off. Fuck that must hurt after what Tony put him through.
Tears fall softly down Steve’s face and a low and drawn out sob spills out his mouth.
“Steve–”
Steve’s getting into the memories now. “And there were all these foods we were supposed to eat to prevent us from feeling the urges. Had a chuckle when I saw them again in these times but Buck swore me up and down it wasn’t a joke.”
The flogger Tony’s using is properly itty bitty but he knows from experience that with the right technique it hurts all the more for it. He gives Steve ten more underhand strokes in quick succession now that the man’s beautifully exposed to him. Tony’s hands move in a figure eight pattern so that he alternates between suede and leather, between sting and thud.
Tony coughs and forcibly returns to his normal speaking voice. “One other thing, Steve. I know you said that you wanted to keep things focused on your cock. No penetration, that kind of stuff. What about me playing with your hole with my fingers or with a plug?”
Steve collapses, almost crushing the wind out of Tony’s lungs.
“Well, Steve?”
“There weren't so many men back then who'd– not in public at least.”
Steve’s grip on the table says everything.
Tony saves the picture in his mind.
“That’s more like it. Of course,” Tony relaxes his grip so that the nails are barely touching the cock he still holds in his grasp and begins to rub the head with the pad of his thumb. “I’ll just bring it back to hardness. How many times, Steve, how many times do you think I could get you this close to coming before I took it all away again?”
Tony walks down the length of the room in his best ‘don’t fuck with me’ walk. By the time he reaches Steve, he appears to have stopped breathing. “That alright with you?”
Steve obeys with satisfying alacrity, his arms holding on to the back on his knees. Damn does his ass look good. “Please, Tony.” Bent over like this, Steve’s voice is restricted and softer. “Please pinch my hungry–” Steve’s throat catches. “–my hungry, filthy hole.”
Steve whimpers and pushes his hips up towards the sky.
“I just– I need you, Tony. Please let me take you in my mouth. I need to taste you, need to smell you.”
Tony gives a flick of his wrist with the flogger in hand. The power comes from his bicep, fueling the underhand strike until the leather makes perfect contact with the underside of Steve’s cock.
Steve’s rubbing himself desperately, his non–dominant hand held behind his back, still in that at ease position. Tony can’t take it anymore.
The honorific coils down heavy in Tony’s pelvis. He’d be hard if things were different. He’d have been hard since first seeing Steve jerking himself off.
Tony breathes. Steve is fine. Steve is fine.
Tony looks away as he’s fully revealed to Steve.
Tony lifts up the phone.
With that decided, Tony fixes his outfit in the mirror before stepping out in a burgundy smoking robe and matching silk sleeping pants. Steve starts from where he’s sitting, a blush rising up on his cheeks. “I thought you said this was just–” He makes a gesture that Tony guesses is supposed to be ‘beating the shit out of my junk’ but could be an alarming number of things.
“No need to trouble yourself, Tony.” Steve sits down and leans forwards, resting his forearms on his knees.
“That settles it then!” Tony turns and walks back towards a large wardrobe. He unlocks the doors and reveals his collection of toys, laid out or hung up on the dark wood. There’s a small stash in the dressing room where he pulled the flogger from but this is the showcase, his treasure trove.
“After all, there’s so many things I’d like to have you do for me,” Tony adds with a dangerous smile on his face.
He takes another sip then swirls his thumb in the cool whisky. Draws it up to Steve’s mouth and pushes it in.
“Good boy,” Tony says, and grasps Steve’s cock in his nails once more.
Tony can feel the corners of Steve’s mouth pulling up around his cock as though he’s grinning. Well at least someone’s enjoying his performance.
Steve fidgets, one hand slipping from the position he kept them in.
doing in my office? Other than having a good time, of course.”
“Oh, but you can, Steve. After all, you’re Captain America. Really, is there anything you can’t do?”
“Why don't you start where you left off.”
Tony coughs and gets back in the here and now. “I bet you're all red and irritated down there, aren’t you, Steve? Don't you even use lotion on yourself?”
Steve’s cock is shriveled into itself, wrecked by the force of Tony’s attention.
“Sir!”
Steve’s face goes through at least six emotions and Tony can’t help but to laugh. Of course he’s starting to look hurt now. “None of that Steve, I’m just being outrageous. We’re going to the bedroom. I figure you’d like a bit of privacy for this. Unless the chance that a handsome billionaire may walk in on you at any moment is part of the allure for you, of course.”
“Maybe it just needs to be brought in line… A bit of punishment maybe.” Tony’s starting to salivate. What he would do to get his hands on Steve’s cock.
Steve exhales and his cock twitches.
He’ll just step out for a second, take a look at some schematics, maybe set some time aside to visit his club. Then he’ll come back and do his last round. If Steve hasn’t shown up by then– well Tony should have learnt a long time ago not to rely on people, not even Captain America.
When brushed against those delicious thighs it almost seems to tickle Steve and Tony grins at that. He’s going to take Steve on a dizzying journey of sensations tonight. Next, he delivers two love taps to Steve’s cock with the spiked end of the paddle. The paddle feels different to the flogger. It’s solid where the flogger has give, which allows Tony to bounce it off of Steve like he would a tennis racquet.
Tony grins. That gives him an idea. For now, he squirts a drop of warmed lubricant over Steve’s hole. Steve shudders and Tony smears his thumb through it. He can feel Steve opening up underneath him. He has the fantasy of slipping his fingers in, of a plug, but he sets those aside and enacts his plan instead.
Steve shakes his head his face flushed bright red. “Shit, Tony! What are you doing…” His voice trails off.
The feather is tickled down down the backs of Steve's thighs and onto Steve’s oversensitive cock. Steve grunts out, “Hurts, sir.”
Tony brings them down onto Steve’s chest and steps the metal nails down Steve’s body finger by finger. Spears a nipple and Steve shudders, climbs down to Steve’s rocking abs and the man clenches up. Continues down Steve’s left hip, where they dig into bone for a moment and Steve cries out in pain but Tony carries on anyways, stepping the nails down Steve’s thighs and behind the backs of his knees.
“Well, well, well. This is a surprise, Steve. What did I do to deserve this? Oh, it’s a birthday present? Well how about that!”
Tony looks down and considers Steve’s red, red cock. Imagines him making a beautiful mess all over his foot and the carpet.
“But you– the party…”
“Oh, it's that kind of ‘please’. Well, then. Spread 'em, soldier.”
His mouth is warm and soft. Almost like an embrace. He sucks lightly on Tony’s cock but without any urgency. Something presses against Tony’s feet. It’s firm. Must be Steve’s cock. That round two they’d talked about an age and a day ago. And it’s just so easy for Tony to stop thinking and to start feeling.
Tony pants a little. Fuck, that’s dangerous for his heart. Too much hotness applied to an unworthy man.
That almost causes a nuclear meltdown in Tony’s brain so gets duly shuffled aside. “From here on out if you need to stop just say ‘Ultimates’ and everything stops, no questions asked, okay Steve?”
Steve’s swallowing, still crying, but he’s back to breathing deeply again as though he’s breathing through the pain, preparing to ascend to a higher plane.
“This is my office, sunshine.”
Steve shudders when Tony taps the paddle against his balls the next time, like he didn’t know what Tony was going to dish out to him until Tony’s paddle made contact. Which is good, that’s what Tony’s going for. He’s the one in charge here, what he does is down to his own whimsy, his own desires.
Tony looks up and completes the distance in three strides. “Steve? You okay?” Panic clutters his voice.
Tony grins. Well for a given definition of fine.
He coughs after Steve finishes, making his voice light. “Now, I know we didn't discuss it but it's generally frowned upon in circles like this not to ask permission before you come buckets,” Tony scolds. “Don’t apologize, just remember for the next person you–”
“I'm a lucky, lucky man, Steve. Life of privilege, you know, but even then, you? You’re something very special.”
Tony nods, unable to look away.
“I couldn't–” The words come out between strokes, his chest heaving. “The party– I saw them– I could hear them– it didn't used to be like this I could just,” he pinches himself and moans, “And it would go down.”
He pulls himself back to Steve in the here and now. This Steve is shuffling from foot to foot and Tony curses himself.
If the words do linger in his own mind he does his best to drown it out with the music on the dance floor, surveying from a balcony above it.
Tony stares at the subject of a great many fantasies through his eyelashes but doesn’t say anything. If he interrupts he’s afraid Steve won’t keep going.
“They told us how to do it at Sunday School... I've tried a couple of times on my own but…”
“That's enough, Steve,” Tony says sharply. “Can't have you coming early.”
“Then take off your pants and your jacket, Steve. Underwear too.”
Steve looks nervous for one moment before standing his ground. Tony’s going to ride that overconfidence all the way to the finish line.
Steve doesn’t kiss Tony like it’s their first time. He kisses like it’s their tenth. He kisses the way he sucked Tony’s soft cock. Like he took the pain Tony dished out.
“Oh I will be. You see, I like hurting people even when I can’t get it up. I was hoping that since you want me to hurt you, we could come to an arrangement.”
The ‘but I do’ goes unsaid. Even after Natasha Tony couldn’t bring himself to change it. He couldn’t stop himself from believing that Cap wouldn’t abuse the privilege. While others might disagree, personally Tony wouldn’t consider this an abuse of those privileges so much as a delectable meal.
Tony’s brain is frozen, inexorably stuck in this very moment.
Steve's still wiggling but there's a bit more spirit behind it now, trying to push himself onto the spikes of the paddle whenever Tony switches from his thighs to his cock. Likes that, does he?
He can barely taste it.
“Tony…” His voice sounds more with it, like he’s trying to rise up from the fog of the scene.
Tony laughs. “Now that’s pretty unambiguous. Just for that I should give you a proper whack but where’s the fun in that?”
He’s avoided Steve’s face throughout his little speech but now Tony’s cards are all out on the table. Either Steve will take his gambit or he won’t and Tony will go down to his club. What does it matter if people notice he’s ditched his own party? He’s Tony fucking Stark.
“Now that was a pretty response, Steve. But then you’re a hot number.”
Steve bites delicately at the base of Tony’s cock.
Tony pinches and his fingers almost bounce off it so he pinches again and again until Tony’s back in his rhythm and Steve’s cock is poking out from his thighs, caught between a rock and a hard place.
The feather looks like nothing next to what else Tony’s used on him. Doubtless the reason why Steve was so dismissive as to make the bet.
Tony walks over, sitting on the arm of  the sofa. The weight of the crystal glass is grounding in what seems like an increasingly far-fetched night. “So, who’s the ‘they’?”
“No backtalk. I won't ask you again, Steve.”
Steve’s warm breath is pressing against Tony’s cock like a physical touch.
It's a beautiful thing, if he can say so himself. Proportional, to Steve that is, so larger than most cocks he's seen in his time, and uncircumcised. Tilting just a little to the right. Clearly Steve had been at it for a while, if the colour is any indication -- more than a flush, it's a deep inflamed red. It looks painful. He'd like to hurt it more.
Maybe he is.
Tony holds Steve’s jaw in his palm, thumb stroking against his lips. Beautiful, beautiful man. Especially looking like this. No stress fissure between his brows.
Steve works his lip with his mouth. “No penetration, no gay stuff. But– If you wanted to touch it with your fingers, you could pinch my hole.” His voice is almost a whisper. “I do that sometimes.”
“You don’t want it to feel too good, huh? Want that edge of pain with your pleasure. I guess you've been needing someone to do this to you for a while. Had to start trying to do it for yourself in the end. Wonder if all those morality men knew what kind of kinky shits they were nurturing with their policies.”
“Is someone wanting to join the party again?”
The other man nods and they walk down the hall, the sounds of the party fading away. Steve’s talking about one of his shows and Tony’s listening to his voice more than anything. It could almost be any other night except for the twist of heat at the base of Tony’s spine.
I've been thinking, maybe the reason James is okay is because of the serum. I mean, I metabolise and heal and stuff faster than normal, maybe he... grew faster inside you? I know he's a tiny little dot but everything I've been reading suggests normally he'd probably be under-developed.
And the revelations do not stop there. Skyers hints the problem could run even deeper:
Nattie,
And since this new person is a 12 year old kid, maybe we should give him a bit of a break?
School was horrible! Everyone saw the news and they were all whispering and pointing, or coming up to me and asking me stupid questions. I must have had 15 guys ask if they could try the suit, it was ridiculous! Half of them had never even spoken to me before, but now I'm 'rich' apparently everyone wants to be my friend. I spent most of the day hiding so I wouldn't have to talk to people.....
Penny,
You aren't a traitor. You're just wrong. :P
The point is, sorry, but I’m not really interested in a relationship. Trust me, you’re better off out. I’ll stand by you financially or help you out with jobs or placements or whatever, but don’t expect me to be involved. I don’t know how to be that guy.
Steve is still going to Washington, with Vision and the twins and Nat and his bff/secret crush the Falcon (He was at the party before Ultron, if you remember). With them leaving too, it looks like it's just going to be me and you in the Tower for a while. Is that okay?
P.S I like that Steve is dork, it is adorable :p
Steve,
Don't get me wrong though, if you start blowing up Government buildings or something then I'm gonna have to come get you. So be a good boy :P
P.S. I've been modding the guest suite a bit. If you're moving in long-term it needs to be more personal to you. Any requests?
Anyway, isn't it the job of heroes to protect people? If there really was that big of a war, would it really hurt to send a few heroes to take out the major threats? I mean that is why you became Captain America in the first place...
He hasn't taken over my mind! Is that why you hit me on the head earlier? Steve said that was how Clint was snapped out of it.
You are right about things getting out of hand. I've been out of the lab a while because of James, but we are heading in today because Hank has something to show me. I think he might have some idea about some kind of enforcing unit to start taking you guys in, rather than other heroes. I'll make sure they aren't too dangerous.
Love,
I didn't say I didn't like it, I just said that calling you Mr Stark was a little weird. Calling you Steven Stark is fine though :P
You know old Loki may have a been a jerk, but this one really isn't a bad guy. He is just...sort of misguided at times....
Steve xxxx
Tony,
Thor's still trying to persuade me of Loki's innocence, though. Apparently the big baby doesn't like having to live on Asgard in a big fancy palace. You know how they keep saying Loki's been reincarnated? Apparently that's pretty common in Cloud Cuckoo Land. So they're in some fight against a 'Dark Elf' (I'm assuming that's some D&D thing) and Loki dies saving Thor. Or so Thor says. I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing in Thor's face because Loki only does things for Loki. Anyway, because of his 'selfless sacrifice' Thor felt he deserved another shot or something and awakened his spirit in some street urchin he found in Paris. It all sounds super weird and creepy, but most importantly, suspicious as anything. If Loki was planning something big, and he wanted to be trusted again, what better way than to appear to save Asgard's golden boy? Don't fall for it, Pen. I don't think you'll have any more trouble but if he chases you out to Florida, tell us right away and do not trust him. Remember this guy kidnapped Harry and hid in your house.
Dear Penny,
You didn't need to yell...I already feel like an idiot.
Osbourne did something to you in the lab, fused some sort of parasitical symbiote onto your skin. That's what was making the suit, it was also what was getting inside your head and making you act crazy. You wouldn't have done anything that you did if you weren't being influenced by it.
As for the dating part, I don't really know where I stand. Steve hasn't been right since Wanda messed with his head. I guess I'm worried if I ask him to talk about it, it'll just get worse again. But whatever, you don't want to hear about your old man's love life and/or lack thereof.
Weekly sounds good. Miss you already.
Anyway, Pepper was fantastic, but sooner or later she realised that it was more a best-friends-with-benefits set up than anything else and dumped my sorry ass. Then in the process of the dumping she realised I knew and had known exactly what it was from the start, and then… well, you know how she runs Stark Industries now? THAT HAPPENED.
Look I know I messed up with the whole Spiderman things...but I learnt my lesson okay? As long as a hero registers willingly, their identity won't be released to the public.
Penny
P.S. We’re okay. One of the enhanced gave us all creepy voodoo psyche-out visions, but we’re all still here. Except Thor, who has gone AWOL, but will be back. Probably. We’re rattled but okay. Mostly we’re rattled
How come you’re such a Spider-fan? I tried talking to him the other night and he was kind of rude. Just ran a mile when I got near. I think he might be up to something, so tread carefully okay? And that goes double for the Osbournes. They are always up to something, fact.
Natasha.
I know Mr Osbourne has been working on sentient A.I, but it isn't that great. He showed it me once. Honestly it was kind of creepy....it had this weird female voice and couldn't do much other than follow basic commands.
Sorry. I guess after the Spiderman thing I'm a little over sensitive.
I saw Spiderman the other day. He swung by to try and convince me to take you back. He had a speech prepared and everything, it was kind of adorable.
May was just worried about you. And you know, Spiderman-ing isn't exactly a stroll in the park, the danger is pretty real and frequent. Just don't underestimate the people gunning for you, okay? When you do that, you get hurt.
Mary Jane uses 'don't be jelly' sometimes, it sounds better coming from her though. I'm not sure i'm cool enough to use it.
Natasha.
Penny.
STEVE: I love you too. And... I've been thinking about compromises.
Tony,
Penny.
So Pepper just came and threw the cheques in my face, which I guess is pretty much what you did.  I’m sending them back to you, because you shouldn’t be an idiot about money that could change your life. Use it for college, give it to charity, I don’t care. It’s probably less than you would have got if I’d been in your life from the start and it sounds like you probably could use the money given that you apparently don’t know enough about billionaires to realise they don’t read their own mail. Especially not if you send it to their office. From now on, if you want to write me, write me at home. Or better yet, send me an e-mail. (Almost like this is the 21st century! I hope you know I’m dictating this to a piece of software. Who still uses a pen? I don’t think I even own a pen.)
Penny
P.S I'll admit the fighting has become a problem, but I don't know how you propose to end it without you backing down.
Sexist little worm, they should take his licence! He is obviously a quack! I could pull a better diagnosis out of my ass...
Nattie,
Steve,
Maybe we're coming at it from the wrong angle. Maybe we should be asking what they want with James. It could just be a ransom situation, but I can't help thinking it's because of what he is... what I am. I mean, Atkins tried to discredit me, not Natasha. Maybe she was trying to make me desperate. Maybe she wanted something from me but thinks she can get it from my son. Something from the serum.
I talked to Thor again. He’s going to take Loki back to Asgard and stay with him there. I know it means we’ll be an Avenger down, but on balance I think we’re all going to be a lot safer. Anyway, the Ultron project is getting off the ground and that will help plug any gaps.
Call me when you're done playing God- and when you're sober. Maybe we can work out a way to stop this turning into a blood bath.
Peter-
And no one has said anything about forcing heroes to enlist! They'll have just as much choice as a Non-powered human would.
I told Aunt May I'm Spiderman. You can expect an angry phone call.
I'm sorry, really. I wanted to come home too, and I was planning to; I really was, whatever the result was. But you have to understand, a lot of people aren't able to comply with this act. There's a lot of heroes out there that are freaking out right now and they're coming to me to see what they should do. This is bigger than the two of us, I can't just leave them. They need someone to look to.
Don't say that like you are blameless in this! WE are having a baby.
Aunt May is mad that I didn't tell her I was Spiderman, and was 'running around putting myself in danger' and i'm mad that I have to live in stupid hot as balls Florida. So we are pretty much not talking right now.
[throat clearing] Hello, this is Steve Rogers, Tony has asked me to record a special message for Penelope Parker- [papers rustling]
P.S That stuff with Flash is hilarious, I hope you got it on tape!
And we have told Hawkeye et al to quit. Steve even wanted to rat them out to their parents until I talked him down. The guy has a serious stick up his ass. Anyway, it’s different with them, because a) they’re on a team so there’s proportionally less chance of them being killed,
Mr Stark,
STEVE: The system is wrong. I'm sorry.
Steve
If kids want to help we should let them. I agree on trying to get them some training, but do you really want the government to be in charge of that? How is that different to just enlisting some 13 year old? Or, if they banned it, are you really going to tell them they're too young to do the right thing?
You're going to be okay. Really. I've found someone to help, I just need to get them inside. You'll be home soon, okay?
n Howard Stark's personal collection'. Do you really think I've been through all his crap? It isn't even in the tower! It is in the old mansion, which I pretty much never go to!
Would anyone other than Osbourne bother to come after me? I mean other than him I've only really pissed off low level criminals, and Florida is pretty far to travel from New York to just get their asses kicked again.
Two, so your friends were setting you up with Loki and you just went along with it? I give up. You’re clearly insane. He hasn’t shown up since Thor got him out your house, right? I’m going to go check it out today, see if it’s safe to go back. I’m sure you’ll be glad to get away from us all. Well, except maybe Steve. Tell me, do you have a crush on him too?
So first of all, know that I love you. I've always thought of you as a daughter and I always will. But part of raising a child is knowing when to let them go. I always thought it would be after you left college, but it looks like the time is on us. I think if you're honest you know that too.
Penny,
Steve,
Natasha,
My Mom went to work for Oscorp with my Step Dad when she left Stark Industries. I guess it was to hide the pregnancy from you, but maybe she just wanted to be closer to him.
Captain America,
'Doctor Laura Atkins'
I won't bother you again.
Yeah you have female friends, but you aren't a teenage female in those relationships, it is totally different! Guys just don't understand how they work, they are complicated.
She’s just been worried about you. Guess we can’t blame her for that.
Improved enough that you might think about coming home?
MIT is pretty sweet if you’re into engineering and tech (which you should be). If you wanted to stick with the chem/bio route, well, they offer it but you might be better off elsewhere. Anyway, if there’s a college you like but the facilities are lacking let me know and I’ll pour some money into them for new equipment. Do as much research as you can into whatever subject you want while you’re at college, that’s my advice. It’s a good chance to focus on one thing without the distractions of other classes or jobs or whatever. And the parties are awesome :P
“Can I have my kiss now? You said for desert…”
“But you… You picked out a movie and planned and… Steve, you said it was your last few dollars.” He really didn’t want to call off their plans for his personal issues after someone spent all they had on trying to make him happy. He still didn’t know they were soulmates, but if Steve thought they were, maybe that was good enough. He also really didn’t know what he could say after this, and the back of a theater sounded a bit like heaven.
The apartment was dark, Tony had asked to be woken, and despite wondering why this was the case, Steve obliged dutifully. “Hey, hey honey,” he whispered being quiet so that the noise wasn’t grating to Tony’s senses. “You asked to wake you up if I was going to get up,” he stated, hoping that this was what Tony meant. “Jus’ using the bathroom,” he informed with a slight chuckle. “Checkin’ ya know what’s happenin’,”
“It’s fine, Pep. Really.”
“Sure sweetheart, you’re welcome to transfer the files, I find it touching you want to keep them,” he kissed Tony on the cheek gesturing to his seat and then pulling it out a little for him before handing him his phone.
“I don’t know what you want from me, man, but my counter hasn’t done anything since I was twenty one. I don’t have a clue when it would have moved or stopped.” Now that the man was following, he somehow felt a little better about continuing to walk away, but he kept speaking.
“Aren’t you the romantic?” Steve teased, starting the car with a quiet rev, “We sure are, beautiful.  Since you’ve been working with its buzz all day why don’t we head out somewhere a little quieter? I may or may not have brought a late-night picnic.” He wiggled his eyebrows.  “I know it’s pure debauchery.  And about as original as all my other gifts to you.  Hopefully, though, my corny and predictable romance is tolerable for you.” He smiled over at Tony, noticing the nerves.
“Really? You want me to meet your friends already?” He had been sure Steve would need to leave and go back to his life. The chance to go with him… “I think I’m up for that, actually, yeah. I really want to see your art. You said you wanted me to model. You still planning on that? You should do something of Dummy. I’ll pay big money for it and show it off to everyone.” He pulled Steve to the kitchen and got him a mug, then pointed him to the coffee machine, still sipping at his own.
Tony smiled happily and used his newly freed hands to reach out and touch Steve’s shoulders, sliding his palms down his arms before letting him go.
Steve soon woke up when he heard all the commotion. He wasn’t fully aware, still half away with the fairies because it took him so long to wake up. However, he sensed Tony was being reprimanded because of him. And as new as they were together, he suddenly got very territorial over who could talk to him and in what tone they chose to.
It took him a second for his breathing to get back to normal, then he leaned down to close the couple of inches between them and kissed him just as softly as last time. “Maybe if you had it done real fancy with flowers and stuff I could forgive you for it. Then it would be something embarrassing in a fun way. But I might still mock you for it frequently.”
“I’m sure we must be soulmates… I’m fascinated by the idea you’ve created learning algorithms and sentient life? That’s… like yeah ok your face is pretty but I’m way more attracted to the fact you just told me you have built an AI!” Steve shuffled a little to look Tony in the eye. “Can I meet it?” Steve asked sincerely. “As in can I talk to it? Does it have a gender? Oh Jesus if it has a gender I totally want to know why it identifies as a gender. Isn’t that fascinating?” It was clear that he was getting excited.
“Sorry Buck, I should have texted or something, I didn’t think.” There was a small round of awkward eye contact where Steve apologized as best he could without words.  He should have let Bucky know--just springing Tony’s presence on him was inconsiderate.  Despite that, Bucky moved forward and held his hand out to Tony.  “Pleased ta meet ya, I’m James.  Stevie calls me Bucky cause it was like, ya know, a kiddy thing.”
Steve went a little more red. Not that he outwardly looked uncomfortable - the bluntness was probably what took him by surprise. “Yes I have and am in the BDSM community,” he responded, “but I don’t - I have strange attitudes towards it. I don’t think it’s something for new partners to indulge with. To be safe to the best of your ability you need to trust completely first. And you need to give that trust consensually, not coerced or forced into doing so. I take it… control and power over another human very seriously and I see a lot of other people being careless and abusive with it which unsettles me deeply. I think… you know, its a way of going deeper. Once the relationship has gotten well established.” He tried to be careful with his articulation. “You need to have formed boundaries together before you can identify what they are,” he shrugged a little.
Steve laughed, “of course, I’d love it if you stayed, I’ll be sad to see you go so early though.” He nudged the side of Tony’s cheek as they watched the vast expanse of cloud roll in and out again.  “Are you absolutely sure you have to go to work tomorrow? I could make you breakfast in bed, kiss you all morning.” Steve pushed, he knew that it was a bit cheeky, so if he was reprimanded he’d easily leave it alone, though he had to address the last issue.
“Of course we can work baby,” Steve reassured him. “I promise I’ll always try my best to make sure any arguments are resolved. If anything, the fact we’re both still here, calm, and waiting to enjoy breakfast is evidence we can do this. We’ve been going at break-neck speed, even some couples who’ve been together years couldn’t handle being this intense so soon. I’m really not… aiming for that - it’s just happening. We have some new level kind of chemistry I’ve never experienced before, so we’ll do what you said, open communications and just roll with it. I’m sure we can do it. I don’t give up on anyone easily either. Mistakes will happen; I’m not going to judge you for them,” Steve held Tony’s hand tightly giving it a gentle squeeze in return. At that point, the waitress returned their drinks and food. Steve handed Tony his before tucking into his own.
Let us know if anything suspicious happens with Osbourne.
STEVE: We're scaring him... I should go.
Regards,
Steve
Dear Penny,
Apparently he has some sort of invisibility bracelet and he decided to hide in your house because he, quote, ‘didn’t want to go back to Asgard where everyone hates him’. And then Thor was all like ‘I know, young one, but Midgard cannot forget about your past self’s crimes’, complete with passive aggressive glances at me. Anyway, Thor starts lecturing him about it being no reason to hide in people’s houses and snoop at their letters, and Loki argues back and sulks and generally acts very much like a teenager, and Cap and I are just standing there totally confused because Thor definitely referred to ‘the time when you lived as a girl’ and Loki didn’t question it, and then they got into a lengthy argument about who smelt most like a bilgesnipe. And then Thor actually made him apologise to me for the whole hiding-in-my-kid’s-house-reading-our-letters thing. Which, needless to say, is so not accepted. Anyway, long story short, Thor’s taken him back to Asgard and your house is Loki-free. I want to get in there with Bruce before you go back though, make sure the little snake hasn’t hidden anything nasty. If he’s gone back to Asgard, he probably wanted to go back to Asgard.
So who is the lucky man? Experts suggest that Mrs Stark can only be a few months pregnant at most, which means the child was conceived weeks after her thuggish husband walked out on her for a fool's errand. Speculation has been running wild as to the identity of the father, but maybe people are favouring a surprise contender- Master Peter Parker, aka 'Spiderman'.
Natasha,
I guess I can't argue about the crib/pram too much when I'm not there, but can I at least veto anything with an internet connection? Babies do not need to be online, Natasha. And make sure if you buy something it's actually durable. Worst thing about the future- things fall apart in five minutes and everyone acts like it's totally fine. It's so wasteful. I hope you know this crib is going to have to last and serve all our children as they come along.
FINALLY. The ‘Penny’ has dropped :P I was starting to think I could make out with him in your kitchen and you wouldn’t get it. Steve is mine, so back off.
Guilty
PLEASE NOTE, from this point on the fic will be making heavy references to the Age of Ultron Movie! If you haven't seen it yet, beware of potential spoilers from now on!
But i've said all this before and it hasn't changed your mind. I don't think anything ever will, and i've had to make my peace with that. But maybe we can forget about politics for a little while? Atleast until we are back on track?
You should be careful out there. I know most normal humans can't hurt you, but I don't think even you can stand up to an angry mob, especially when knowing you, you wouldn't fight back.
Dear Penelope,
Penny
Psh, look, it’s perfectly-
NATASHA: ....Steve.
Penny
NATASHA: But maybe you should thinking about working with the system rather than against it!
Thank you for offering to help, but I really can handle this on my own. I told you, I only want justice. I'm not planning on hurting the guy when I find him, I just want to hand him over to the police so he can have a trial and go to prison.
Steve's decided Vision should come out to Florida with you. He says it's to keep you safe if you really can't risk Spiderman-ing any more. I think the real reason is probably because he thinks I can't handle having him around.
This is simply the latest evidence of what psychologists are calling Rogers' disguised misogyny. Laura Atkins says 'We already knew that Cap doesn't respect women- it's really no surprise that he wouldn't hesitate to use violence against them. I'm just disgusted to think that such a person is still being called a hero.'
Also, quit being asleep when I want to yell at you. Still, I hope you have a good day tomorrow. Try to play nice with the other kids, do what your teacher tells you, make friends that aren’t psychopaths, the usual.
You once asked me if I would have felt differently if our kid had been at that school. Well, now let me ask you something. Say no-one knew you were Iron Man, say no-one knew who was under the suit, and say you didn't have millions of dollars to spend on security and protective tech. Say you had enemies and the only thing keeping you and our child safe was the fact they couldn't find you. Then tell me honestly that you'd be happy to register, knowing you were putting our baby right in the crosshairs. I bet you can't.
Penny,
Natasha
Nattie,
Yours Sincerely,
STEVE:
Tony,
I take it from your silence you have decided not to take me up on the therapy offer. I can't say I'm altogether surprised- after all, you are a genius. I'm sure you've worked out that the newspapers would pay good money for anything you chose to tell me, and, well, if you aren't confident that I would keep your business private I suppose I can understand. So instead of trying to reassure you of my discretion in the full knowledge that you'll never believe me however honest I am, let me paint a different picture.
Dum-e poured a glass of ice water over my face. I've programed him to do it if I sleep in too long, I guess he thought that's what the hypnosis was. Reed and Pym weren't too happy, apparently they were too busy trying more complicated methods to think of the obvious answer.
And yeah, I looked up your projects. Like I said, we head hunt all our interns :P The phone charger sounds pretty interesting, though I can think of about 60 operational flaws you’d have to resolve. I’ll stick my notes in for you, should keep you busy for the summer. Pep will send you the rest of the details.
in the Tower. Because, you know, it’s not like it’s my Tower and I get to choose who stays in the guest suite or anything. He’s just been looking for reasons to be mad lately. You know I said he was being an asshole? Well, he was kind of in a mood because I didn’t tell him about you being my kid/being Spiderman, even though it’s none of his business. I hope it’s okay that I told him before now, but you were the one who said I shouldn’t lie after the cancer thing.
I can scan all the notebook pages if you like, but be warned, I think tiny me may have got hold of it a couple times, because some of the pages are just crayon scribbles.
Captain America is shy? Really? That is kind of cute.
Penny.
Fine! But one word to the press and I'll sue you for everything you are worth.
Calling in deals isn't exactly squeaky clean either, but at least it isn't a bribe. And it means I get to hold James again. And do all kind of things to you again, if you'll let me. So I'll let it go.
It'll be okay. I'm fine here, just a little bored if anything. I've spent plenty of time in cells over the years but I'm not sure what you're supposed to do with yourself if you're not planning an escape... which I'm not. I need to see this through.
You can join our campaign by tweeting #confesscap or liking us on Facebook!
At least there was another new girl I could stick with, and helped me shake off my more persistant fans. Hey name is Lucy and she seems pretty cool. She lives on the same street as Aunt May and me so hopefully we can be friends and I can hang out at hers. Things between me and Aunt May are a little...strained right now. I think some space might be good for both of us.
P.S Sorry...I was dreaming about my parents and Uncle Ben while I was out...
I'm glad James is doing better. I'll see you both when this is all over.
And I didn’t mean ‘easy’ as in ‘women are all easy to sleep with’. I meant ‘easy’ as in ‘uncomplicated, for fun, without commitment’. Your mom and I had one night together, it didn’t mean anything, she ran back to her fiancée and I went onto the next woman. Get over it.
Did I hurt anyone?
A Vine? Seriously? Are you going to be dressed up like Darth Vadar? You won't actually cut off my arm right?
Look, I’ve said it a hundred times, I’m not really your dad. I’m not saying that to be mean or to escape responsibility; honestly, if I did have a daughter like you I’d be like, super proud. I say it because I know I can’t take any credit for you (except for excellent genetics) and, given that I wasn’t around to raise you, I don’t have any authority over you. I have no right to call you my daughter when I was never there for you. Don’t worry, I know I have no right to tell you what to do either. I can’t even say that if I had known about you I would have been involved sooner, because I was kind of a jerk that way. But hey, if I had raised you, you probably wouldn’t have turned out so well. So maybe you should count yourself lucky.
Steve xxx
Steve
I can't help feeling like encouraging you to regularly play with your hair is sort of unleashing a monster... but I'm kind of looking forward to seeing what you come up with.
What, you’re yelling at me in all caps but you won’t actually speak to me? Stop being such a child. You know until I saw your e-mail, I was worried you were mad at me for dating a man.
What was my answer to what? I just told them I wasn't there to discuss my personal life and asked them not to distract from the issues. The write up should be in the papers tomorrow, could be interesting.
I’m having Jarvis put the Tower in lock down until we get back. STAY WHERE YOU ARE. And answer your phone!
I can't just sit here Cap. Not while my baby is out there..alone..scared.
Fury wants to keep me in a couple more days, just to be sure, but after that I'm free to go.
My Jarvis couldn’t be made dangerous, not without extensive reprogramming. Doesn’t mean I want anyone trying to duplicate him though. Besides, he’s a sentient machine. If sci-fi has taught us anything, it’s that having too many sentient machines never, ever ends well. Also he’s sort of my friend and giving out code at this point would be like handing out DNA for people to clone. Super weird.
And I have other people on my team. Older people, who can grow a beard and everything. And at least I have superheroes on my side, all you have are a bunch of old politicians. Me and Buck never had much time for them, honestly. I don't think we ever voted before the war. The country's what you make it, right?
Dear Nattie,
Creation of a militia for the purpose of resisting the law
What kind of teenager wants to ignore their birthday?? You’re having a gift at least. What do you want?
Penny
There. I explained all my personal business to my teenage kid. I even used caps because you seem to like them so much. Are you happy now? Will you stop with the silent treatment? Or are you going to keep on judging me for having consensual, good spirited, light hearted sex with a woman just because she turned out to be your mother?
And I know you say the list is safe, but these things have a habit of getting into the wrong hands. For example, you say only one list, but what about the government workers taking down the details when the Superhumans come in? All it takes is for them to have a little too much in a bar one day and it's going to be 'Hey, did you know Daredevil is a
Three, actually May can, which is why I just put her in a taxi. She deserves a vacation and I'm 17, which is way old enough to be left in the house on my own. You know I am capable of looking after myself, I can cook, I can clean, and Mary Jane's house is just down the road if anything happens. For the record I have been left on my own, though not for longer than a weekend. Still I didn't burn the house down then and I won't now :)
She didn't mean to tell him, it just slipped out. She said they were hanging out and he said they should stop by mine, and Mary Jane said I wasn't there and Harry asked where I was, so Mary Jane just said without thinking “Oh she is staying with her Dad”, but Harry knows my 'Dad' is dead, so he got confused and Mary Jane explained. She did apologise when Harry got mad at me for not telling him. I just told him I wanted to get used to it before anyone made a fuss.
Penny,
HECK does Loki even have your phone number?! When I get home you and me are going to have serious words about the proper use of a Stark Phone. Also, according to Thor, they don’t work on Asgard. So you know, the god of lies is probably lying. What a shock.
Rule number one of being rich- ignore the papers.
Tony,
Alright, but if you and Osbourne end up fighting over the skies of New York, don't say I didn't warn you.
You can't just turn up at my school and attack people! Especially when they haven't technically done anything wrong! What exactly was the plan!? Were you going to kill him or just maim him a little? I don't think Thor is going to be very happy when he finds out...
I told you the clone has been shut down! It isn't going to see the light of day again, so you can shut up about it!
Steve,
Penny
Love you too,
No one was meant to die!
So you aren't dating Pepper now? Thats a shame, she seems nice and she is very pretty. What did you do to upset her while you were dating?
Steve,
Steve,
Important Note!- I hope you are all enjoying the daily updates. Unfortunately we won't be able to keep this pace up long term because, well, we have jobs. Therefore daily updates will continue until Friday, and then go down to Tuesday- Thursday- Saturday until we are through our backlog, and then it will be whatever we can keep up with! Thanks for your support :)
The fact is, you need something to tip the scales here. The public is already against the Captain, but most of the superhuman community is backing him. You may have the government behind you, but ultimately if the superhumans no longer respect the government that isn't going to do you any good. You may have persuaded Spiderman over to your side, but you are going to need to turn more of them if you want to win. You need to break Captain America's reputation. Clearly he isn't law abiding any more, but you need to make people believe he is a bad person. Make him someone no-one would ever want to follow. Cap can say all he likes about the girl he beat up on the USO tour being a Nazi, but he couldn't say that about you. If you tell people he abused you, the heroes confidence in him will disappear overnight. Especially if we claim you told me in therapy.
Oh also, Steve is the one banging on your lab door.
NATASHA:
I told you, the school will be protected!
Evading the Law
So. WE'RE having a baby. How far along are you? I don't think I ever remember being this happy about anything. Or excited. Or terrified. It's strange, I always thought I'd like kids some day but now that it's happening it's sort of scary. You're happy too, right? And you're eating enough? Remember you have to eat (and sleep) for two right now. And I don't want you going out in the armour, understand? You have to look after yourself to keep our little one safe.
I want to be in New York, but that isn't an option. I told you before I won't leave Aunt May, so if she wants us to go to Florida, I go to school in Florida.
You mean other than us being in Stupid Florida, with the Stupid Press watching my every stupid move? We are fine!
So what do they want you to do? Some photo op or something?
I haven't seen him since I've been living in the tower, don't worry.
I'm sorry she told me about your fear, she was only using it as an example in order to explain Steve's, and you were the one who told me to ask about that.
You need to transfer schools, right now. I will pay fees for any school you choose if you want to go private, I’ll pay to bribe a state school if you want to go there and they don’t have any spaces, just get the hell away from Loki. In the meantime, I’ll talk to Thor and see what if we can work out what the scheming little
So what is up with you? Is this the teenage rebel stage or something, because I have to tell you, most people start on that earlier than 17. Are you an emo now? Because honestly they kind of weird me out.
Steve,
Guilty
The Captain gave a short lecture on why he disagrees with the terms of the act before answering questions from the floor. Find the break down on
COWARD CAP CAN'T COME BACK
NATASHA: ...waiting for the but here, Steve.
Dear Tony,
Now, now, I know you're upset not to have a baby but that's no reason to lash out at the doctor. We both know you're just seeking attention and that the 'doctor' definitely isn't. (On a totally unrelated note, if I roll my eyes any harder I think they're going to fall out.)
NATASHA: Shut up! I was so scared... I thought it was losing him! I sent Peter to try and find you...
Anyway, I'm making pop tarts. Come have supper/breakfast/dinner/food/whatever you call it at this time of night. And then I want you in the lab- You still haven't ironed out the kinks in those bug cameras. Come on, it'll be fun; like a sleepover but with more science and less sleep. Pillow fights optional.
I could really use a lead here, Jarvis. Who's behind this?
I still think you are being hard on him though. He seems like a nice guy, even if he isn't the best father around.
JAMES:
Penny
Natasha xxx
Natasha
I'm fine by myself so far, May is just being a worry wart! I took down a guy by myself this morning no problem, and she went on at me for being late for school. Like it really mattered I was late for Geography! Who cares about Geography?!
So you've seen Spiderman under that thing? And here I thought we were fighting over whether or not heroes should be allowed to keep their identity secret :P
Steve is pretty worried about this Spiderman. It seems like they didn’t talk much before he got scared and ran off. I say he, Cap is suspicious it’s a girl in disguise. Apparently he/she is pretty young and, from the sounds of things, looking for one crook in particular. Promise me you won’t get caught up in some sort of revenge trip, okay?
NATASHA: ...Only until your trial; which have started, by the way.
P.P.S. On the subject of enhanced people, you might be getting some roomies in the guest suite when this is all over.
'There's almost nothing to suggest Ms Stark actually believes in what she says,' Skyers explains. 'She is always very concious of how she holds herself, wanting to appear open, relaxed and sincere; as we'd expect from someone who has lived their whole life in the limelight. The question then becomes- what is she trying to hide by behaving this way? And if she isn't truly in favour of the act, what is she trying to achieve?'
Nattie,
Still, if there’s a silver lining in all this, it’s that I’ve finally persuaded Steve that Osbourne is bad news. I think I can get away with going to investigate that so-called liquor cabinet now. I’m just trying to figure out if I want to go in stealthily, pretend I want to meet him over selling us out to the papers and sneak away to take a look, or whether I want to go in full force as Iron Man and hope Cap backs me up when I say it was Avengers business. Any thoughts?
I know you won't believe this either, but I love you.
Dear Penny,
STEVE: Good...
Wow, anyone would think making a clone was a bad idea :P
Penny,
You really think I'd be a good Mom? I'm not even sure I could give up Alcohol for 9 months, let alone take care of another human for 18 years.
Penny
As to having kids... I guess I want to. It seems weird that we're finally talking about this when I'm miles and miles away from you. But I do think you'd be a good Mom. You're protective enough of me, I dread to think what you'd be like with a child. Plus you'd be able to teach it loads of stuff. And you wouldn't need that many robot nannies, you'd have me.
so-and-so is up to.
Natasha
I'll find a way....somehow.
Natasha. Xxx
I'm serious. I need to talk to you, because if you really don't want to go to Florida I need to try for custody.
P.S How much money did you give the school? They are talking about building a new building and naming it after you.
Not at all, you?
What have you done? I don't care that I'll see you before you get this, what have you done? I wasn't even up for bail. Did you bribe someone? Do you have any idea of how corrupt that is?
As for us, well, hopefully I've done my part. Now you need to get rid of that clone, and make sure this never happens again.
It was why I created that Thor clone. I mean how many times has he been the factor that changed things to our favour? What if without him...we are just waiting for the next big threat to come and wipe us out? I have too much to lose now...the idea of James being killed or inslaves...I can't deal with it. It makes me feel sick. But...I realise the clone probably wasn't the right way to go....i just...i don't know what else to do...
The following chapter is presented in the format of a script/transcript. It's something we tried hard to avoid as we wanted to keep with letter format, but we felt this would be a scene people would like to see on-page. So, direct from Blackthorn and I roleplaying it over an instant messenger...
I don't know if you remember her, but my Mother used to work for you. Years ago, on something called the Ultron project? I think she quit after you two spent the night together, and I guess she decided to hide the pregnancy. I don't know details really....the only reason I know anything is because I found some letter she wrote you. I guess she never sent it. I suppose I could have sent it along with this, but it got a little water damaged (Our basement flooded).
The End!
I've sent you some flowers, see if you can keep them alive until I get home. Remember that in every 24 hours you need to sleep for 7-8, eat at least twice and drink as much water as you can. Stay safe and be careful while I'm gone.
STEVE: ...I've missed you.
Steve,
Tony,
Please let me come see you, we need to be working together on this, I don't care about anything else.
Wow, twenty questions, okay.
JUST STOP
STEVE: Ssh, ssh
P.S I'll have to introduce Steve to Mario Kart sometime. We can have a tournament.
Steve,
IS THAT EFF-ING HARRY OSBOURNE, IN MY TOWER, GASSING YOU?!
It'll be okay! We'll appeal! I'll get new lawyers! You won't....you can't be gone 25 years! That is insane!
The bill has not been without controversy, with fierce campaigning taking place on both sides, but the referendum opened to the American people has come back with a clear answer. 67% of the American public voted for the act to be passed. This means that superhumans, whether 'heroes' or 'villains' will no longer be able to hide behind a mask to avoid paying their due to society. They will no longer be able to hide behind anonymity or decide for themselves what justice means. The American people are once again demonstrating that no-one is above the law.
Steve,
P.S According to Mary Jane, the press are camped outside my house right now anyway, so it is probably for the best we stay here a while.
Instead I’m going to say that we’ll help. I already pulled up the police reports and I think we can track this guy down from the forensic evidence at the scene. I know you’re mad at me, but maybe you can stop being stupid and we can do this together. You just need to think about what you’re going to do once we have him.
I was starting to doubt that, you know. When I was in jail. It seemed so pointless, all the fighting; all it had done was take me away from you two, taken a lot of people away from their families. I started to think maybe things don't always work out.
Besides, I can't help thinking that the vote was stacked in your favour by the negative press about me, and I'm wondering if that was deliberate. The question is who was behind it. It's entirely possible it was the Government, and if so how can I sign up to work for them because they bullied me into it? That's what I'm working on now, I want to know who it is that was bad mouthing me in the last few weeks. Did you find anything out about the mansion break in?
Penny.
Dear Nattie,
P.S. Sorry we missed your official birthday.
Look, Loki said people were in danger and he was right. If I'd stayed they'd be who knows where being used to power who knows what! It was like something out the matrix, teenagers being used as batteries....though the Matrix didn't have a giant birdman claiming to be Thomas Edison. I googled him when I got back, apparently he did a similar thing in New Jersey a couple months back...Maybe I should try and get in touch with that Ms Marvel girl, at least to let her know the bird guy got out of prison and is on the loose.
Penny.
Steve,
Natasha.
Tony,
We are now in the 'epilogue' and so we have once again jumped ahead a few months!!
It would really help if you felt you could support the reforms to the act too. Think about it, okay?
What if they can't get it out of me? I don't like it...it feels like fear and hate and anger...
How are you? Give James a hug from me.
Anyway, the notebook pages would be great. Your mom was a smart lady. And don’t think I didn’t notice the annotations you put on the copy. Let me guess, you wrote them on the first copy and then made a second to make it look like your work was part of it to begin with? You have a good brain in that head of yours. You know if you feel like quitting school SI would take you, just saying. You need a little polish, but your potential is incredible. I think if you’d had the same money and opportunities I did as a kid, you’d almost be level pegging where I was at your age. Stronger though. I couldn’t have beaten Cap, then or now. Please please film it. Thor getting beaten isn’t nearly so satisfying. And remember, he’s not a god. He just visited earth before we knew what aliens were and that’s what folk assumed. My money is on you, given that Steve gives him a run for his money.
I look forward to the show. Do you know who I am?
I'm not staying away from Harry and I'm not dropping out of school for weeks! I have exams! Anyway, surely it is better that I'm there to keep an eye on Loki. If he is up to something then I want to be there to stop him. I'm not going to leave my friends unprotected.
Steve,
But just in case I can't e-mail you again, I just want to say that you're going to be a good mom, so don't worry. You'll be much more like Peter and his aunt than Howard and you, because you know what not to do. You'll be great :)
I'll try and get the trials re-started, but I sort of handed over a lot of my power when I did the whole run-away-with-the-baby-to-canada thing. I think they might be worried if too many super hero trials go on at once, they won't have the resources to make sure no one escapes...
I love you. I want to start there. I do, I love you so much. Being here with you and James feels like all I ever wanted. I want us to work this out. I want us to find a way to work again.
Nattie,
I had really hoped that it would take them at least a little while to realise who I was, but no. The moment the Teacher said my name they knew, and I swear I've never seen so many people try to ask questions at once. It was almost a riot! Luckily the Teacher was able to regain control of the class and things settled down a bit...at least until I had to move between class rooms. I forgot how fast gossip spread around a school. By third period everyone knew Spiderman was the new kid.
I'm sorry I won't be there when you wake up, but I can't sit still while James is still out there...even if you are hurt.
So you think of Captain America and Steve Rogers like two different people? It is like that with all the avengers or just him? What about Ironman, do you consider that a part of yourself or a separate entity?
Did you have to tell Aunt May about Loki though? She is freaking out and is talking about picking me up from school. I love her, but even with my lack of popularity I can't take the hit of my Aunt showing up to walk me home from highschool....
Well...Loki might have told Aunt May his name was Luke, and I might not have bothered to tell her that he was the one who squatted in our house....
Many thanks,
He gave me an ipod, but admitted he didn't know much about modern music so it has mainly just got Disney songs on it.
Blue is Thor, Grey is Tony
I guess training with Cap would be okay...since he already knows who I am now anyway...
It would only be for my last year of high school, then I can move into a college dorm or something.
Dear Mr Stark,
Really? Not Peter's?
Steve xx
Penny.
I didn't send all the lawyers away, just five of them. I kept one in case I need them, but I'm hoping my case will speak for itself. It's not just me on trial here, it's the whole system. If there's any members of the public left who still believe in me and what I stand for, hopefully they'll listen.
Penny
You can find a full break down of questions and answers from the debate on our
I don't want to go to Florida, but I can't leave Aunt May...I'm not sure how she'd cope on her own. Plus it would break her heart....
STEVE: (
Speaking of the issues, what exactly did you say to Spiderman? He told me you had some, quote, 'good points'. Did you just steal my main guy? Because that's kind of underhand.
There has to be something I can do, some way I can get you out...
Fine but if she suggests hypnosis, i'm punching her.
So, want to explain to me just how you know where Loki is?
Steve,
Nattie,
Tony,
Anyway you are forgiven or whatever, and Aunt May wants me to invite you and Steve down to dinner to say thanks for having us. Please note that this invitation is not optional.
Changing my name won't do much good if my face is all over the papers. The daily bugle will be all over this when the stories breaks. Knowing them they'll probably say I'm a spoilt rich kid trying to play hero.
Nattie,
The security there isn't as good as my other places, it doesn't even have Jarvis installed! Look i'll head down there tonight, see what happened.
Penny
Natasha.
I will admit that maybe the sentencing is a little harsh right now, but they need to make an example of a few people otherwise no one would ever sign up! I'm sure the sentence will lesson after a little while...
Steve
Nattie,
NATASHA: It'll be a couple months before he's totally better, though.
How is she doing?
Steve xxx
Spiderman seemed to think we were actually broken up. He was trying to console me the whole time we were meant to be having the pre-debate meeting, it was kind of sweet. He made me cookies.
But fine, whatever. I did agree to not interfere for one date, and you have that SUPER STRENGTH and all. But the others didn't make any promises, so make sure you have the Iron Man pin with you and if anything comes up you can't handle, Old Uncle Hulk will be right over. And, you know, I guess so far this Loki has been acting pretty different to the old one. It could still be a trap though. What did he even want with Venom?
Remind me to buy Dum-e a present. Jarvis, on the other hand, could have asked where James was, and let me know if you refused to answer or were acting strange. You could have trusted me to do the right thing, not something I said in anger because I was frightened you were going to self-destruct! Because you'd cloned one friend, got another accidentally killed, and were drinking to deal with it! And then you ran off to who-knows-where and tell me you aren't going to let me see him!
Natasha,
I'm sorry Aunt May slapped you...she doesn't think you'll be a good influence and is a little angry that I'm being targeted 'because of you.' I tried to explain it was because Loki thinks I know Spiderman but she didn't listen. She can be pretty stubborn sometimes.
Tony,
Either way, don't worry about getting a lawyer, I'll sort all that. Though it isn't like any judge will send Captain America to prison...at least not for very long anyway....
You really aren't reducing my fear about having other siblings out there somewhere.
So does 'encouraging' registration include rounding up our friends and putting them in a prison you and Pym were designing for criminals? Or is there some reason that's
Cap is making me go see Dr Cho. Talk to you later.
Mandy McConvill
It was hard not to jump you when I saw you in uniform. You are one sexy man you know that? I don't think I'll be able to make it until the act passes. We should book into a hotel, like a secret forbidden meeting ;)
Steve xxxx
I would have told her eventually...after things had calmed down. And it isn't like she was in danger! But now you've made her panic and make a rash decision!
Persuading him to join you was one thing. If you somehow won this and he had to register with the government, that would be another. But you've basically just let the kid throw himself into the lion's den so that you can win a few more votes. Do you have any idea how irresponsible you're being, or do you just not care?
Technically that was the Loki from before, not this Loki. This Loki can't control anyone's mind, otherwise wouldn't he have just taken over mine already? You know, you could always ask him some questions. He probably remembers a lot more about that staff than you do.
She is in Quarantine. Fury wants to keep her there until he can be sure all that...'Vemon' is out of her system. Bruce is on the team looking after her, he'll make sure they take care of her.
I think we might have broken up. So don't expect to see him around, I guess.
Dear Tony,
Steve
“This has always been about doing the right thing. Superhumans on both sides of the debate began fighting because they felt strongly about registration, and I know all of them still do. But when we start forgetting what we're here for, things get dangerous. I believe this act is worth fighting, but I don't believe it was worth the death of a good man and friend. It will never be worth that. Handing myself in is an act of good faith in the hope of restoring peace.”
I'm sure your life has changed a lot since your husband left, and I know being in the limelight it can be difficult to find someone to talk to those changes about. You are an amazingly strong woman, but you don't have to be strong alone. Many women suffer at the hands of men who, publicly, seem like charming and decent citizens.
Jarvis can shut down the suit if I start acting weird, there are already programs installed for if I ever run into Kilgrave or something.
An hour in make up is nothing for a lady, kid. (Even though it’s kind of hard to see how they found so much to do with such short hair). And you needed a nice outfit in case any behind-the-scenes shots get leaked. Half a dozen papers are already leading the story with how I ‘abandoned’ you, if they see you in comfy jeans and a sweater they’ll probably start crying neglect.
You think I wanted to replace Thor!? You don't get it at all do you! We NEED Thor! He was one of the strongest Avengers, and without him I don't know how we are going to handle the next big threat! It isn't about sentimentality, it is about keeping the world safe! For our Son!
I didn’t hear anything about you until the test came back. It was kind of a shock, I’ll be honest. I’m not a father. I don’t mind writing for a while, but don’t expect anything to come of it, okay? And I’d appreciate it if you didn’t say anything to Harry or his father about it. I guarantee we’d both end up in the papers.
P.S Oh good, Pietro got my text >:D
Dear Tony,
Seriously kid- is everything okay? I'm not saying let the crooks get away with what they're doing, I'm just saying be aware you're in public view. Also, I don't know what they're teaching you about grammar in these Florida schools but that last e-mail didn't make much sense.
Dear Penny,
Who’s Dick?
I’m in the lab with Vision trying to piece Jarvis back together. Text me when you’re awake and I’ll come down. Your phone is on the side. (I took the liberty of upgrading your OS. You were like two behind.)
H. Corbett
On the subject of comedy, there is such a thing as comedic exaggeration, you know.  I do know where my kitchen is, but it’s pretty neglected. I mostly eat out, or don’t eat, or eat things that don’t need cooking or more than one hand.
You know, it's not too late for that. It would be easier to lie low there if Harry does rat you out, and you obviously aren't happy about the move. What's wrong? Does the school in Florida sound bad? It doesn't have to be Xavier's if you really don't want to. I can pretty much send you wherever you want to be.
Why the
Penny,
Dear Mr Stark,
More importantly, someone at your school actually goes by the name ‘Flash’? That’s hilarious. Is he trying to be hipster and ironic or does he actually think that makes him sound cool? I know Steve will tell me off about laughing at a kid, but yeah, when somebody chooses to go by the name ‘Flash’ you have a social obligation to laugh at him. Invite him to your beach party. I want to ask how many minutes he has left to save the world.
Once Cho is done with you, you get your butt up here.
Nattie,
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Penny
We have to have some consequences to not registering, and it isn't like we don't let them out once they go to trial.
Please find enclosed court order from my lawyer Ms Jennifer Walters.
I'll just do something with my friends next week or something.
Your Uncle would be very proud of you, and so am I. Don't get hurt.
P.S What did you say to make Steve mad? Did you ask him to talk about what was bothering him, or just yell at him for not thinking you were enough or something?
Jerk.
For the record, I didn't tell Mr Osborne, Mary Jane told Harry and then Harry mentioned it to his Father who thought it was 'in my best interest' to let the press know. Apparently it was so you couldn't worm out of being my Father. Though I'm not sure how he thought you were doing that when I am living in your home.
It was just a hug, don't be jelly :P
Also, Steve does
So what are you going to do about the paternity test they wanted? If we can't prove James really is mine, I doubt even your lawyers will be able to get the escape charges dropped. Problem is, if you let him be tested, everyone will know we were seeing each other when we were meant to be keeping away. But seriously, he was born more or less healthy at less than six months, what do they think did that if not genetics from the serum?
Natasha xxxxxxx
Tony,
Nat's gone to some Shield base, Clint's wife (apparently he has one) just had another baby (he has plenty of them) so he's taking some leave time (who knew Shield gave holiday time?) on his farm (so apparently he has one of those too). And Steve is still acting weird. He freezes up whenever I come near. It's starting to get annoying.
Well, maybe you should talk to your aunt about whatever the hell is going on with you. I'm not good at the touchy-feely emotional stuff. If you want to talk to me I'll do my best, but just talk to someone, okay? You're obviously taking the move and being out and everything quite hard. But seriously, I get you're frustrated at the press invasion, but if you're too hard on the perps you're just handing them more ammo. You either need to learn not to care what they say (ie. The Tony Stark approach) or keep it in mind at all times (the Captain Stickass appproach).Be careful.
I don't know what to do next. My son is missing, I have no leads, and the smartest woman I know is refusing to wake up! Any ideas appreciated here, Jarvis. I'm sorry I can't come back to the mansion, but that's the first place the authorities will look for me, and I can't look after her and search for James. Besides, there's no-one I trust more to keep her safe while she's out cold than you. You and the six million space-age defences she's probably built into the walls. They would never have got to James if she hadn't gone to them.
I was so excited to finally be having you back, and now you just run off on a stupid mission to stop something that is already happened! You are infuriating! Come home!
STEVE: Poor thing. He's adorable.
Penny,
Captain,
Okay, first, if I’m old enough to be their dad than Steve is old enough to be their granddad. Great granddad even. He was born in 1917, he’s almost a hundred. Just saying.
America has voted- and it has said that it is high time that those with superhuman abilities were forced to make their powers known to the government.
About the running away thing, it’s cool. Honestly I wasn’t ready to meet you either. The training room here at the tower has been ready for you for weeks, but you didn’t seem to want to come so I didn’t tell you about it. Was that all that was bothering you? You didn’t want to come as Spiderman? You’re as bad as Steve. Spiderman is who you are, or a part of you at least. You and Steve both need to learn to embrace that. Your alter ego shouldn’t be a burden, otherwise why bother with it? I know you feel like you have responsibilities and that’s your choice, but I don’t see why you have to change who you are to do it.
That sounds like a good idea, but it kind of relies on one of your guys being willing to accept my help. There are a few hero circles right now that see me as a traitor.
Look, I told you, I am prepared to look at compromises. Maybe I'm just not smart enough to think of any good ones, but you are. Think of something, and we'll look at it.
I'm not trying to upset you. I'm just telling you what Wanda told me and trying to make sense of it...maybe I was completely wrong.
Urrgh, and I have to tell you something else too because Steve is insisting and given how pissy he's been lately I don't want to make it worse. He hasn't been right since Ultron. And he won't tell me what Mildred Hubble showed him, either, which I'm pretty sure means it's that that's bothering him. You're tight with the Witch, right? Can you ask her what she showed him? And while you're at it, how about convincing Pietro to calm down and stop trying to kill people? I keep having to stop him going after Osbourne and it makes me feel dirty.
