"Now just a minute! You can't just storm up there! He's not ready for this, it'll break him!"
“Glad I could be of assistance,” she said quietly. Her smile seemed more genuine, having seen and judged the change in mood of the man stood in front of her.
John returned to the flat with Mary to find Sherlock sat at his desk in the living room. A laptop - probably John’s – was open in front of him, and he was completely engrossed in whatever he was reading. John did not bother to password protect his laptop anymore, not since moving in with Sherlock, who could always guess them in under a minute. Both he and Mary removed their coats and hung them up on the hooks just behind the door. Sherlock did not turn to look at them, but chose instead to carry on reading whatever it was that was in front of him.
He used all of his strength to push John out of the path of the bullet. But it found a new target, instead choosing to bury itself deep into Sherlock’s chest. He seemed to fall to the ground in slow motion, and yet John was still unable to catch him. But he moved as fast as he could to where his husband was lying on the cold, concrete pavement.
Sherlock had always hated repetition, and was in no mood to be indulging in other people’s requirements that he state his point more than once.
A deep voice could be heard over Mrs Hudson's. John couldn't make it out clearly enough to know who the person was, a feat that was too often achieved by Sherlock, only that he was a man. The tears spilled over Johns face again as the pain clawed at his insides at the memories.
“We?”
"Hamish..."
The woman sat down, clearly embarrassed. But then another stood up.
“Sir, you can’t do this,” protested Sergeant Carter, pleading with Greg, trying to appeal to his good side by using ‘sir’ instead of his name, showing her professional respect for him.
The cab pulled up to Bart's and Molly got out, holding the door open for Sherlock to follow. He didn't. He couldn't look outside of the window. He knew if he did, all he'd see is John's corpse lying broken and bloodied on the concrete.
“Since when did you become so clever and observant?” He teased.
"You did what needed to be done, Sherlock. It might not have been the 'right thing', but it needed to be done. We're safe now."
Sherlock did not very often change his mind, but after seeing John like this, he simply couldn't leave him. Not again. So Sherlock hanged his mind. If they were going to face Moriarty, they were going to face him together, as a team. That's what they were. It's what they always had been, and would always remain, not matter who they came up against.
“Sorry.”
Sherlock bent down to carefully place the flowers at the foot of the white marble. As he stood back up to rejoin John, Sherlock was wiping his eyes on his sleeve.
Alive.
John had been sleeping restlessly all night, tossing and turning. Clearly, the nightmares had not gone just yet. Sherlock didn’t want to wake him, as it would have been obvious that he was watching him sleep. Sherlock, therefore, did the only thing he could think to do. He had picked up his violin and begun to play. At first it was very quiet, still trying not to wake John, just to calm him. As the notes Sherlock played grew louder, John seemed to relax more. He stopped moving around, laying quite still. Sherlock saw that the music seemed to calm him, so he continued. He played every piece of music that entered into his head, at different speeds, tones and pitches. His eyes never moved from John as he played, making sure that he was still asleep, and calm. Sherlock kept these thoughts to himself, storing them away in his mind palace with the other details about John to be revisited later.
“I’ll get to that in a minute, now can you please not interrupt?”
Sherlock had no idea what was happening. It was an odd sensation, not one he was used to and not one he wanted to feel again.
"Please
Sherlock turned to look at John, this eyes scanning his face, deducing. John swallowed, is throat suddenly parched. Hi gulped down some of his tea in an effort to make talking, swallowing and breathing easier.
The following morning bought about the first Sunday of the month. Sherlock rose, and donned his coat and scarf. This time though, instead of just waltzing out of the flat, he collected John's jacket, which was still on the sofa from last night - for John had slept there, wanting to still be close to Sherlock in case of another round of hysterical sobbing, but not too close so that the consulting detective felt over crowded. He held John's jacket out to him. John took it from his hands, put it on and followed Sherlock out of the flat. A car - a sleek, black, expensive looking model, and therefore obviously Mycroft's - was waiting for them just outside of the door, hovering idly at the curb whilst Sherlock took a moment to collect himself before entering.
It should have been like any other night. John and Sherlock had been assisting with a case of homicide for Lestrade – and when they said ‘assisting’, they meant that they’d been called in to help, and naturally Sherlock had withheld all relevant information until the very last minute, leading to he and John running through the streets of London after the culprit.
"I never believed it. Not once."
"I'm not real, you daft sod. I just thought you needed the company."
"Why? How do-"
"What can we do, Mycroft?"
"Very slight pulmonary laceration, there's a tear along his lung where the bullet just skimmed it as it entered through his back. Several broken ribs, one of which stopped the bullet from exiting which we've tried our best to reposition in the best way to let them heal and several broken ribs. He'll make a full recovery provided he's on bed rest for at least two weeks and there may be slight scarring over his lungs, he was very lucky. He laceration was only small, so it'll most likely heal by itself. The most trouble we had was getting the bullet out of the rib it was embedded in without causing damage to any other vital organs."
“Yes, John, and Molly and Mycroft. But I forbade them to tell you.”
He fumbled in his jacket pocket, pulled out his phone and dialled Lestrade’s number. It rang for only a few seconds before the man on the other end picked up.
Eventually, Sherlock calmed down and allowed himself to be treated. The drugs hadn’t entirely left his system yet, so his body needed rest. But John couldn’t let Sherlock fall unconscious again whilst there was so much that he wanted to tell him.
Molly was insisting on taking Sherlock out to dinner at least once a week. Usually they went to Angelo's, as the food was free and the atmosphere was tolerable. But they stayed well away from the window booth. That was his and John's place there was absolutely no way Sherlock was ever going to let anyone take that place.
. Everything that’s happened over these months, everything your brother has suffered, is
Luckily, quietness and efficiency didn't make up for accuracy in the case of the Serbian assassin. Not that he was alive to defend himself.
Sherlock left the lab swiftly after his conversation with Molly. Her explanation of Moriarty and, what she’d named ‘The Fall’, were surprisingly quick and to the point, cutting down the time he actually had to spend listening to her. It seemed that she’d finally picked up the hints that he simply wasn’t interested and only kept her around because she was useful to gain access where Bart’s wouldn’t normally allow him.
They were silent as they moved around the kitchen, opening and shutting cupboards, the fridge and drawers. The only sound was the slow, haunting, yet beautiful music which emanated from Sherlock’s room just down the hall. John smiled as he continued to put away the shopping.
Sherlock suddenly felt a surge of jealousy towards himself – the him that had gone on all of these incredible cases. It was hard to tell if the cases had really been like that, and if his deductions had been that amazing because John had a terrible habit of romanticizing things.
“Did you get lost in your head again, love?”
"Jesus, you're
Sherlock could feel himself smile at the memory. He longed to hear that voice again.
John considered this for a moment, before his eyes widened in realisation, and he looked around the flat, taking in the lack of evidence, or experiments.
Keep John safe, or keep John's trust.
sorry."
“Did you see Donovan’s face? Absolutely priceless!” John managed to splutter the words out as he gulped down air. His laughter had taken all of the air from his lungs.
Warm arms wrapped around him, the smell of freshly baked bread, and a warmth that Sherlock had always associated with home surrounded him. Above him, Mrs Hudson stoked his hair, gently shushing him, calming him down with her voice, talking about nothing and everything.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed at the accusation. He took a small step towards John, slightly shielding him from Moriarty's gaze. Moriarty raised an eyebrow at the movement.
“He also punched me in the face.”
"A matter of importance I assure you."
Sherlock’s voice was barely more than a whisper. However, the other noise being the whirring and beeping of the machines that John was currently relying on, Mycroft had no problems hearing the words as they travelled across the room to reach him. He had not turned his gaze from the pale, unconscious figure on the bed.
“Young woman, late 20s was found in a skip close to the Thames. Stabbed repeatedly in the face. Had a heavy impact to the side of her head causing major internal damage to her brain, which has been her confirmed cause of death. It seemed she was stabbed in the face several hours after her death.” Said Lestrade, leading the way, angling himself towards Sherlock as he spoke. They reached the room in which Lestrade’s office was located.
"John, if you're under the impression that suffering from temporary amnesia as a result of a head injury has awakened my appreciation for life and that I will now strive to be a better - and consequently more polite - human being, then I'm afraid to say that you are mistaken. Clearly nothing has been done to improve your intelligence during my - as you keep delightfully referring to as - 'little memory blip'."
“But you fell…”
“No, you don’t have to say anything, you’re still recovering. Shh, it’s okay.” John moved his hand to Sherlock’s face, gently wiping the tears that were now trailing a path down his face.
Sherlock scoffed again at the very idea.
Hey guys! Thank you for continuing to read, despite the fact that I'm making this up as I go and still have absolutely no idea where it's going. Also, I was wondering, after you've read this, if you could tell me whether or not to leave it here? Obviously I'd love to continue writing, but I didn't know if now was a good time to stop, or keep going. So if you could do that, it would be lovely! - Scarlett xx
"Gold star for him." John rolled his eyes, sitting back down on the straw stuffed mattress that acted as his bed whilst he was imprisoned here. "I'm not coming."
“Okay.”
One of the hands moved from his arm to the nape of his neck, forcing his head to turn towards Lestrade's voice.
"You think everything will fix itself that easily? The man's a wreck. He's not himself. Sherlock Holmes died along John Watson that day and there is nothing we can do about it, so what's the point of even trying?"
"You read my blog?"
"Not for lack of trying, John. It's been nearly a year, and I still find myself unable to do anything."
John Watson was another.
"Yes. But I was too preoccupied with my own predicament to notice some things."
“Doctor Watson,” the consultant corrected himself, “we’ll need to keep Sherlock in for a few more days, possibly only the one. We need to run more tests and scans to make sure there is no permanent brain damage and give Sherlock a basic test of memory, just to see what exactly is happing. We are unsure of where his memory ends but-”
After Sherlock had returned from pretending to be dead for two years - the absolute dickhead - John thought he would have kicked his habit. But Sherlock had continued his ritual as if no time had passed whatsoever.
She stood with her hands on her hips, accentuating their size in proportion to her petite waist, showing her flawless hourglass figure. Her hips were angled to the right, jutting out from her torso and her long, slim legs that really should be illegal to be shown in such a slim fitted pair of black work trousers. Her head was angled slightly, obviously deep in thought about the evidence that was displayed before her.
"Go on then," he taunted, "shoot me. It's what I'd do Sherlock. Become me. Become the psychopath. Or the hero, whatever angle you choose to look at this."
His eyes travelled over the chair opposite him, the violin perched beside it, the kitchen, the microscope, and the unfinished experiments. After scanning the entire flat, his eyes rested on the wall. The face that had been sprayed there seemed to be mocking him, the bullet holes sending a new wave of pain, anger and loss through John's body.
I don't care, Mycroft. I'm worried about Sherlock. He's getting worse - Molly x
“I’m so sorry Sherlock,” John murmured as he passed the water and painkillers over to him. “I didn’t- Shit. I’m sorry, I should have at least asked. I didn’t realize it was this bad.” Sherlock swallowed the pills and drained the entire glass, which John refilled, and then he drained that too.
They entered the room from the same door they had just exited, with the cameras flashing, and the reporters all jostling for the best positions to get their scoop. A few cameras were set up towards the back of the room, to film the whole event, presumably for the evening news. Lestrade had entered first, sitting on the left side of the room, then Sherlock, who was seated in the middle, and finally John, sat to the right of the consulting detective and closest to the door, just in case.
He’d moved into this flat shortly after his visit to a rehab centre – Mycroft’s doing, of course. Everything in Sherlock’s life at that point had been Mycroft’s doing. She had seen Sherlock at his very worst, and was reminded of this now as she watched him. He was incredibly skinny, skinnier than he was now, if that was possible. He had a sunken look about him, bought on by the addiction. She had taken him straight to her heart, and treated him like the son she never had.
On reflection, John couldn’t understand how he didn’t realise sooner that it was Sherlock, and not Mary that he wanted to be with. No matter how many times they had gone their separate ways, John always found himself drawn back like a moth in the night, and Sherlock was a shining beacon of light.
But now he was content to bask in the euphoria of John being alive, and definitely not dead.
There was a tension in the car. John’s irritation increased with every click of Anthea’s phone, and by the time they reached Baker Street, he felt ready to snap. He gathered up the bags and got out of the car. He fumbled of the keys, his arms full of shopping and his fingers slippery as the rain continued. He swore loudly, not caring who heard, although there was no-one around to hear him.
When John Watson was a doctor, he liked hospitals. They were incredibly well equipped with some of the best technology for medical care. They were sterile, preventing the risk of mass spread of disease. They allowed him to work, to do what he did best, to fix people.
The consultants, doctors and various psychologists and therapists had told Sherlock before he’d been discharged from the hospital that migraines were to be expected, but this – this was torturous. A small whine managed to escape past Sherlock’s lips as the pain reached it’s peak. The nausea kept building.
He heard the footsteps before he saw the people. There were four of them. One was Lestrade, who beckoned for the other three – paramedics by the look of their uniform - to move forward. Two of them were carrying a stretcher between them. They placed it on the ground next to Sherlock and lifted him onto it. Sherlock’s hand fell over the side and hung limply in the air as they lifted the stretcher up. It made John think of a ragdoll, so lifeless. Sherlock looked vulnerable, and this is what upset John more than anything. Sherlock was a constant source of strength that John relied on. And now, he wasn’t even waking up.
Later, John would reflect that Sherlock was the only thing John had left in his life that he truly valued. But sat in the back of the cab, it was not a time for reflection. It was a time for being in the moment.
They stayed there for a moment, locked in the shared gaze, before John broke the eye-contact, choosing instead to look at both sets of their hands, still clasped together between them.
“Yes, John. I visited the hospital roof as soon as Molly had performed the body swap. He’s gone. My checks were incredibly thorough. Molly helped me move him, of course. Couldn’t have the Yard snooping around up there after he was supposed to be an actor. Too suspicious.”
If there was anyone in the world who was entitled to a week off to catch their breath and reflect on recent events, surely there was no better candidate than John Watson.
Sherlock scowled, removing himself from his chair and picking up his violin.
Mycroft knew. He knew about the incident at the crime scene.
The taxi ride from The Yard to Baker Street was spent in absolute silence, not that John minded; he was still trying to process the events from that afternoon.
“No, I mean, you faked your death to save John, and Lestrade and Mrs Hudson.”
John let out a humourless laugh. "I'm always bloody worried, Greg. Ever since he came back I've been worried."
After being whisked away by the sleek black car that Mycroft always seemed to have a his disposal every hour of the day, Sherlock was deposited back at baker Street and promptly put under house arrest, and John and Mary returned to their normal, boring, suburban flat in their normal, boring, suburban neighbourhood and their normal, boring, suburban lives.
’ He got down on one knee and produced a ring from his pocket.”
“John.”
Thank you - Molly x
They sat in silence. It wasn't an awkward silence. It was an all too familiar silence that often happened after a brief spat back at Baker Street. It only ever happened after a small argument, if they had a large or serious argument it would often end in John taking a walk so he could get his temper under control. Watson's had famous tempers, John had experienced them first-hand when his father blew up when he was younger. John never wanted to be like that, so he'd remove himself from the situation before his temper got the better of him.
He did not hear John curse as he took in the sight of the detective, still leaning over the sink as his body expelled the contents of his stomach.
John threw out his arms to physically push him down onto the bed. Sherlock actually looked slightly shocked at his actions. It was only subtle as Sherlock had learned to school his face into a constant neutral expression. But John had learned over the years how to read Sherlock. Earlier John had used persuasion, reasoning and logic - all the things that could actually convince Sherlock. But that had been exhausting, and John only had so much patience, despite what people assumed. So John had reverted back into Captain Watson in an attempt to get Sherlock to actually pay attention and do as he was asked by actual medical professionals, including John himself.
It was at this point he had seen John, turning, frantic, panic obvious in his face. His breathing looked shallow, yet too frequent. He stumbled and Sherlock ran. He ran to his best friend’s side.
But despite Sherlock’s vast intelligence, he was at heart, a foolish man.
“Ah, Mr Holmes.” He pushed a button to the left of Sherlock’s bed, which seemed to summon more people as they shuffled into the room. “Awake at last I see.”
Miles away, in a small holding cell in Russia, a man was fighting for his survival, fighting to finish what he'd given up everything for, fighting to come home.
In synchronization with his thoughts, John watched as Sherlock seemed to pull himself together, straightening his posture and schooling his face into the familiar, cool mask of indifference.
Moriarty liked to play dirty, and bringing John back into the game again was the worst kind of foul play that Moriarty was capable of, because he knew exactly how much John meant to him.
John placed two of the three mugs - now full to the brim with tea - on the coffee table in front of the coffee table. he turned and settled himself into his worn, fabric armchair with his own full mug.
Watson."
These thoughts, just remembering gave John the determination to endure everything that was thrown at him.
When John Watson’s best friend was lying unconscious in a hospital, he hated them.
But John would never refuse Sherlock anything. He opened his mouth and began to sing, every now and then his voice cracking as he continued to cry, holding Sherlock close to his chest and rocking him gently.
John didn’t see the armed man in time. Neither did Lestrade. But Sherlock did.
John was being held in a tiny, decrepit holding cell in Mexico City. He was the prisoner of one of the biggest drug lords under Moriarty's control, who also happened to be the most ruthless and unforgiving of anyone who infiltrated his organisation. It would have been an act of mercy to kill John, but Señor Alvarez was not a merciful man, and seemed intent on dragging John's suffering out for as long as possible.
He gasped in a breath he did not realise he had been depriving himself of. John was alive, John was here, John was hurt.
“And then what?”
All at once, the laughter stopped, but the hollow echoes continued through the corridors. A voice - male, heavily accented, irish - rang through the halls. The voice began to sing, slowly, hauntingly. A familiar tune to a simple nursery rhyme. It sent a bone deep wave of terror through Sherlock's imaginary body.
So, it was completely out of character when Sherlock turned up at John and Mary’s flat 3 weeks after John had left.
“I’m… the best?”
"And they are?"
“John, it’s been years since I’ve touched anything stronger than paracetamol. Do you really think I’d be so ridiculous as to even go near that kind of stuff just because Anderson and Donovan are giving me a bit of a hard time? I’m wounded by your lack of faith in me John.” He let a smile play around the edges of his lips, and saw John relax slightly as he spotted the subtle expression of amusement on Sherlock’s face. But then worry clouded his face again as he recalled his conversation with Mycroft.
“I was scared that you would want to leave again, just get up one day and leave-”
And he remembered that he needed to keep fighting. He needed to get home to fix the life he had destroyed.
He could see how much Victoria's death affected Sherlock, even now. He was obviously heartbroken. John could visualise the moment when Sherlock's life had shattered, the moment when he'd received the phone call and his eyes, once so full of light and happiness just became empty, and had remained so for a good many years.
"Lestrade told me all about Anderson's, quite frankly, ridiculous theories as to how I survived the fall." He huffed out a small laugh. "Odd, I always thought that he and Donovan would be the first to pop the champagne corks at the news of my death."
“I remember it.” It was the song John had sung to Sherlock one night after he’d woken up from a nightmare, shaking horrifically and screaming his partner’s name. John had moved his fingers through Sherlock’s hair as he sang, trying to calm him down, soothing Sherlock into sleep.
This left only one place that John could be.
"No getting away from it this time, Sherlock. No magic carpet to swoop in and save you. No big brother to protect you," he taunted. It was obvious what Moriarty was planning, and had been obvious since he turned up in the cab. History was repeating itself, and this time Moriarty intended to win. No cheating, no magic tricks. One dead body and one survivor standing victoriously over it.
All my love,
His eyes felt glued together, and he felt too tired to put the effort into opening them. Screw it, John thought. After what he’d been through he deserved to rest for an extraordinarily long time, he had earned it.
“Then it never happened. None of it. And we will never mention it again.”
"There!" Sherlock pointed at the screen with his still gloved hand. "See? He's there walking down the road in that shot, but in the next one," he clicked the mouse to move on, "see? He's gone." Sherlock tapped in some sort of code - John was amazed at how much he knew about the system, but had learned that Sherlock didn't need telling how brilliant he was 24/7 – and the screen jumped from angle to angle, all focused on the street where the man went missing. "It appears you have a blind spot, Mycroft. John," Sherlock turned swiftly to John, nearly hitting him in the head with his own due to how close they were all leaned over to see the screen.
“Just leave it, Greg,” said John, just as Lestrade opened his mouth. “Sherlock was bound to do it anyway, so what’s the point in even trying?”
The voice sounded distant and faint, as if Sherlock was listening to it through a layer of water. As soon as the image had appeared, it vanished. He tried desperately to cling to it. He had these flashes occasionally, and no matter how hard he tried he could never hold onto them for a significant amount of time.
Sherlock's voice was choked with emotion, panic, worry, unspoken words, regret, a promise to keep him safe. So much was said in that one word. John kept his gaze locked win Sherlock's to reassure him, to encourage him to continue with the plan and not to be sidetracked by this. The plan would only work if Sherlock gave his full concentration to the plan. They could not afford distractions now.
“You didn’t.”
She was shaking, and her voice was weak, cracking as the tears fell over her cheeks. She let go of his hand to wipe them away, and Tom moved forward to collect her together and leave. Probably for the best, John thought.
Sherlock Holmes did not do feelings. He never had done. All his life he’d preferred to keep his emotions tucked away, out of sight, under lock and key. And he’d been successful. So successful that no-one bothered to contradict his self-diagnosis as a high-functioning sociopath. He seemed to fit all the criteria. Only Sherlock was aware that he actually possessed any emotion.
He was reaching the end of his tether. Sherlock clearly did not want to recover from his loss, and Greg could see no way of helping.
On the second day, Mycroft had paid his younger brother a visit. Mary had gone to work, but John had phoned in and taken time off under exceptional circumstances. He left the room, to give Mycroft some privacy with Sherlock. John had never seen Mycroft look so worried before. It was almost as if he were human. But John did not acknowledge this. Instead, he let Mycroft spend however long he needed with Sherlock. After about an hour, Mycroft emerged. He still looked worried, but less so than when he had entered the room. For strange reasons unknown to John, seeing Mycroft look less worried actually calmed him. It was probably because if anyone were to find a fault with anything, it would be Mycroft. So, either there really was nothing to worry about, or Mycroft was keeping the truth from John. He settled with the former, not wishing to contemplate what Mycroft cold be keeping from him. John had resumed his place in his chair and continued to watch.
“Mmm.” John took that as a yes, and John took three mugs out of the cupboard, put the kettle on and proceeded to wait for it to boil.
"Tell him I'll be there as soon as I can. Also, tell him to try not to insult everyone available. I don't want to have to clean up that mess too."
“Okay?”
Sherlock weaved his way between the gravestones, before stopping short at one. John moved to stand beside Sherlock, not touching, but lose enough to provide comfort to the taller, curly haired man. The stone was made of white marble, like all of the others, and engraved.
He felt hot tears in his eyes, threatening to spill over. He let them roll down his cheeks. What was the point in trying to cover them up? He was alone, no one was going to see, unless Mrs Hudson decided to pay him a visit, but it seemed unlikely, given the way he had been treating her.
"I’ll bet.” Greg grabbed John by the elbow and dragged him to the bar, where by some miracle there were two spare seats next to each other. If John believed in fate, he would see it as a sign that he was destined to run into Lestrade. But as it is, John didn’t believe in any of that stuff. They each ordered a pint and had drained half of their glasses before Lestrade pressed the conversation forward. “How are you?"
“It’s difficult.”
John woke up to the smell of something, toast. He woke up with one side of his face pressed against a cushion that someone had obviously moved under his head. He was laid across the sofa, still fully dressed, apart form his shoes which had been removed and were lying next to the sofa, and he was covered with a fluffy blanket. Typical of Mary Watson. Even after they had rowed and even though she was still obviously still making sure John was okay, making sure he had everything he needed. John had not spent the night on the sofa because Mary was angry at him. He had spent the night on the sofa because Mary knew how tired he was and that he needed the rest. She made him comfortable, but made no effort to move him as he rested peacefully in their front room.
"I'm sorry," John says, and Sherlock shakes his head. Kisses him, cheek and throat. "I could suck you," John says, and Sherlock huffs out half a laugh.
"Perfect," John says: "Simon says, come sit with me," sliding his palm the wrong way along the side of Sherlock's long thigh and Sherlock, shoulders hunched together, slides his knee up onto the duvet. John's hands: steadying; careful, careful; as Sherlock perches himself ungainly in John's lap.
George nods, very slowly, then asks, "Does he do things you don't want? Or enjoy?"; and "No," John says, "that's not it," and then, in the long silence that follows, he takes another bite of his sandwich.
, Yvonne had asked; and
John touches his cheek: hot.
They kiss. Sherlock's hand on his face: soft. They kiss: melting one to the other.
—" and Sherlock shoves his arm up tight against his throat.
it's enough for John, because John—knows him. He knows Sherlock. Doesn't he. And so left to right that makes them Gabrielle Adeline and Matt Cooper and Raj Chabra and someone John has never met but knows how to find, by clicking back to the top of the folder hierarchy—people—A—and there it is, little and trivial and blue: a folder entitled "Adams, Alex"; with one year subfolder: 2013. A person who existed, at some point, inside-wrapped around John's Sherlock, for a while. Unseen. If he opens 2013, he would find—what would he find? He can guess. More holiday snaps with this trio of bike-thieving American hipsters. Saved emails. At least one police report. Texts, probably: Sherlock, while he was away, was nothing if not thorough; he kept everything. If John opened the folder he would find—some months, in a small, self-contained self-generated little life, in which a person who was descended from and into people John tries to love was, in fact, being someone that John hasn't ever met: this person, this other other Sherlock, who called himself Alex Adams while being, briefly, a handsome broad-smiling Canadian who wore clingy v-necks and tight jeans, who palled around with good-looking expatriate Americans, discussing their secretly nefarious eco-bike startups and helping them with their iPhone upgrades and, almost certainly, smoking incredible amounts of legal weed. A person who—who what else? Who had drunk Dutch lager with them, probably, when he absolutely couldn't get himself out of it? because all Sherlocks hate beer, but they'll hold it in pubs and sip it if necessary; and someone who—who, Christ, smoked positive lorryloads of cheap Dutch fags, without a doubt, because all Sherlocks smoke like chimneys whenever possible: in public if they can get away with it; if John's about, on the sly. And John knows that for some months while in England he was slowly imploding without noticing, some—some
Hey guys! Sorry it's been a while since my last post! Writer's block again! Anyways, the chapters just seem to be getting longer and longer, like this story! I never even thought I'd be able to write 2 chapters, let alone 7! Thank you all so much for sticking with me and I really hope you like reading my story as much as I enjoy writing it xxx
“Ah, Detective Inspector Lestrade. This is Mycroft Holmes, and I require a favour of you.”
“It doesn’t matter whether you believe it or not John. I am taking the case.” Each word punctuated the air with a sharpness that John couldn’t quite place. He looked at Sherlock. His eyes were set, determined. His jaw was clenched tightly together. Well, no reasoning with him then, John was just going to have to sit back and let Sherlock lead on – as always.
"Because no-one can, or you don't want anyone to?"
“Sherlock, stay with me.” John noticed that his vision was blurring as hot tears threatened to spill. At the sound of his voice, Sherlock’s grey eyes snapped to John’s blue ones. They were full of fear, tears shining like tiny diamonds. A hand came up to John’s arm and grabbed it desperately, keeping an unrelenting, tight hold as he maintained his focus on John’s face.
“John, you underestimate your abilities both as a doctor and as Sherlock’s friend. Believe in me when I say that you are the only one who could do anything for Sherlock now.” And with that, Mycroft left the flat to collect the rightful occupant of 221B.
Sherlock saw John's face contorted in an ugly wince at Sherlock's reply out of the corner of his eye, and a jolt of guilt and sadness rushed through his body. He knew it was just his mind constructing a hallucination based on his extensive knowledge of John's behaviour, mannerisms, speech patterns and idioms.
Help came quickly in the form of a sleek, black helicopter. They bundled John into it gracelessly, more focused on getting him to proper medical attention as soon as possible.
Thank you guys for supporting this story so much! Really, if it hadn't been for you guys I probably would have given up this fic long ago, so thank you for that!
The man's eyes were staring at nothing, and John could have sworn he saw the beginnings of tears in the blue-grey eyes of his best friend. When Sherlock didn't respond, John moved swiftly, yet gracelessly, around the table until he reached Sherlock's side. He place a cautious hand on Sherlock's upper arm, where John could feel the faint trembling that's indistinguishable to the eye, but impossible to miss by touch.
"Yes. You have broken me, John."
"Jesus, Sherlock!" He reached out and grabbed the taller man's shoulders, holding him in place as he scanned the rest of him, making sure that there was nothing else wrong. Sherlock's eyes never left John's face, and only after their eyes locked for a few seconds, did John let go of Sherlock. He realised that this might have made Sherlock uncomfortable. "God, I'm sorry! I'll just…" he trailed off. Sherlock continued to watch John as he clumsily settled himself back into his armchair.
Sherlock had not realised that his own version of himself was sitting in the corner of the room, hands clutched to his head, tears running down his head as it continued to feel like someone had sliced it open in two with a white hot scalpel and decided to examine his brain. The pain combined with the happenings of his mind palace was overwhelming him. He thanked a higher power which he didn't believe in that he was unconscious, as it dulled the pain somewhat. If he were awake, surely he'd be screaming in pain.
It was all too much, and Sherlock could tell this conversation was moving into dangerous territory that he was not yet ready to explore. Instead, he chose to move it back to a topic that perhaps he could focus on a little more.
“You have to wake up Sherlock. I know you will. I bet your big, clever brain’s trying to break out right now, isn’t it?” She smiled at him fondly, before her face fell into an expression of – what John could only describe as - heartbrokenness. “Please Sherlock, for John.”
"Exactly,” replied Lestrade, finally choosing to look at John. “You know, I asked him once - after he'd done it three or four times - what he was looking for."
them to discharge you." The way Mycroft said 'convinced', slipping it out of his mouth with particular emphasis, which didn't entirely convince John that there was much persuasion - or choice - in the matter.
"I just want to make sure he's okay. I mean, for all we know he could be shooting up behind our backs." Greg shot him a panicked look. "No, Greg, I'm not saying he is. You forget that I'm a doctor, I've been keeping an eye out for the signs of a relapse. He's clean, I'm sure. I'm just saying, if he were, we wouldn't know."
The music continued in the background. Even Mycroft had shown no surprise or alarm at the sudden outburst.
As stood at the end of the bed and he stared at the pale, lifeless being that was laid out it, John’s mind replayed the moment he had walked back into his old flat and found Sherlock.
“You two, asides form Mrs Hudson and maybe Mycroft, are the only two people to have shown me any kindness or willingness to help me, despite the fact that I still have no recollection of who you are to me. Forgive the very overused and slightly clichéd saying, but you were there for me in a time of need,” Sherlock cringed at his own use of words, it truly sounded like something out of that dreadful film he’d just been watching, “it seemed only fair I return the favour.”
After Sherlock came back from his four-minute exile, after his very nearly drug overdose, it would have been foolish of him to believe that John would return. Not even in his drug-induced fantasy did John return to him, so of course it would have been foolish of him.
“It’s best to leave Sherlock alone, Miss Hooper. Sherlock is recovering from a large shock. It has caused him to become quite violent.” Mycroft motioned towards his injuries.
John had noticed that once a month Sherlock would leave the flat for an entire day with no explanation. The first Sunday of every month. He'd asked, of course, but to no avail. Sherlock was a naturally secretive person, but even this is beyond his normal levels of secrecy. Whenever Sherlock returned from this day of solitude, he seemed very closed off and would neither speak to John, nor acknowledge his presence in any way.
"The East Wind is coming for you, Sherlock." Sherlock's eyes widened. The East Wind meant danger. His inner Mycroft regonised Sherlock's fear and nodded solemnly. "It's coming, and soon. The information you need to escape it lies beyond that door." He jabbed his umbrella in the direction of the door.
Upstairs, Sherlock was pacing up and down. He’d got changed as soon as Mrs Hudson had reached the botoom of the stairs. He had hated that disguise, it was too uncomfortable, too… not him. He was now in a plain pair of pyjama bottoms, a white t-shirt and his favourite blue dressing-gown.
Every cell in his body screamed to reach out to John, to hold him close, cradle him in his arms and tell him it’s not real. But he can’t, so he listens in absolute agony to the love of his life as he falls apart at Sherlock’s feet, unable to do anything. He could only hope that his sacrifice had been enough to stop Moriarty and his plan. One day, he planned to return to John. Without John, there was no Sherlock, not really. He left everything he had once been at the foot of St Bart’s hospital, and the doctor now knelt by Sherlock’s still form. Sherlock left the mystery, the magic. He left alone his conductor of light, the one person able to light up the tragedy that plagued Sherlock’s life.
“I caught him within a day. Tied him up in a nice bow, attached a note and sent him straight back to London and to the Yard. Apparently, Molly had a lot of explaining to do to Lestrade when a man appeared in his office, with a note that could only have been from me saying that this was an assassin assigned to kill him. Molly’s never been good at keeping secrets. She keeps biting her lip when she’s lying so she’s easily caught out. I got a phone call the next day requesting I come straight back here and explain myself. I did. But I had to get back to work.”
Mycroft was cut off by the fist that had connected with his jaw. Having already been punched several times already this evening as a result of his deception, Mycroft should really have seen it coming. But he did nothing to prevent the attack.
"Why does everyone insist I go outside?"
“John.”
“John…”
“Oh Sherlock, you daft boy.” It was now Mrs Hudson’s turn to dissolve into tears. Sherlock held her face between his hands and wiped them away gently with his thumb. HE placed a small kiss on her forehead and then released her. She turned away from him and walked out of 221B into the hall.
"A whole day, John. A whole day
But only if she showed more to Sherlock. After all, he couldn’t respect someone who was rude and downright spiteful to his best friend.
As always, John could practically hear Sherlock’s thoughts.
And with that, the plane turned in the air and began descending. Sherlock looked out of the window and saw the familiar redof Mary’s coat, and the figure beside her that must have been John.
Hey guys, sorry about the wait between updates. Life seems to be getting in the way at the moment, and I feel like I'm losing the motivation to keep writing - hence why this fic probably isn't as well written as some of my others. Stay with me, I know where I want to go with this fic, but it might take me longer than usual to get me there.
"I miss her John. I miss her
“Well then Doctor Watson, you’ll need to watch over him at all times. Once we determine what exactly is wrong with Mr Holmes, we’ll fill you in and provide you with everything necessary to ensure his recovery.” He got up from behind his desk, a signal for John and Mary to leave, he had other patients to attend to. Before they left, Mary extended her hand and thanked the consultant for his time. John too extended his hand. As the consultant shook it, he looked at John, keeping eye contact before saying, “I’m sorry, truly I am. It’s always awful when this happens, and you both obviously care about this man a great deal.”
Where was Sherlock?
“Thank you, Molly.” He said, standing. Molly rose too, extending her hand out to John to shake.
And Sherlock went and protected him. Sherlock hadn’t been able to look at him when he explained this. It was a good thing. John had felt sure he was going to explode with happiness, regret, shame, pride and a million other different emotions. He was touched, no more than that. He couldn’t find the right word to describe the feeling, but now was not the time to go looking for it in the dictionary that Sherlock kept on top of the bookshelf.
“Thanks, Greg, we’ll be in touch as soon as we get anything.”
"Yes, Sherlock. Why did you leave the wedding -
“Yes,” replied the detective. “It induces a death-like sleep, reducing the heartbeat to almost nothing, hence why you couldn’t feel a pulse. Molly helped me to administer enough and performed a body swap when I reached post-mortem after being pronounced dead by several other doctors. A tedious process I’m told.”
Sherlock didn’t know if he could be bothered with the effort anymore.
John had left him. Sherlock was alone, again.
"Sherlock was asking me about you. Asking about your life together, an our life together." Of course he was. Sherlock needed answers for everything. Some things hadn't changed, and probably never would. It irritated him to not have the answers to everything. Sherlock didn't know, and he didn't like not knowing – John remembered Sherlock himself saying these words to him after he returned from his 2 year absence. Mary continued with her explanation.
"He's alive and now conscious" Mycroft amended quickly. He's currently in Charing Cross hospital and demanding your presence."
“Mrs Hudson, you are the best landlady anyone could ask for.” John walked over to her and began to help put the shopping away.
John's thought's were interrupted by the high-pitched chiming sound of his phone. He put his glass back on the surface of the bar and pulled the ringing device out of his pocket. Lestrade looked towards him questioningly. John ignored him in favour of checking the caller ID. His blood ran cold. He hit the 'accept call' button quickly and aggressively, nearly knocking the phone out of his own hand, and bought it up to his ear.
"Sounds like me." He laughed lightly. Mary joined in. John kissed her hand, which he was still holding.
“I wouldn’t expect you to, Molly.” He smiled a little at the woman sat in front him.
“Hello, John.”
"Despite his utter idiocy, Anderson raised a very valid point. The police never found a body, John. If they had, they would have called into question whether or not my death was part of a murder-suicide. But no such questions were ever raised. It's possible that he could have had assistants ready to remove his body after I jumped, but there would have been far more blood and brain matter. So, once we have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains-"
John let the seconds drag out, knowing that the answer would hurt.
He waited until John had completely stopped. He wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his jumper, took a few deep breaths, eyes closed, obviously trying to regain some sense of control. It took a few minutes, during which, both men sat in total silence, apart from the occasional sniff on John's behalf. At last, the man straightened up in his chair and opened his eyes, looking at Sherlock full in the face.
All data from the last 5 years was lost. Everything. It was like someone had boxed up several rooms in his mind palace and moved out permanently. From reading John’s blogs, Sherlock deduced that he’d missed out on some of the most interesting and ridiculous cases he’d ever encountered. Why on earth had he ended up running down an alley in a ninja costume? And there was the Woman – just who was she, and why had she posed such a threat? The Hound – it was intriguing, as he was not often involved with cases of the supernatural, although as it turned out, the was never any supernatural elements involved. And Moriarty. Oh, how Sherlock would have loved to remember him, the most interesting of all cases – the consulting criminal.
Sherlock rose from the bed and moved straight to his chair, settling himself there and staring into space. If anyone asked, Sherlock would have claimed to be in his mind palace, but no one was around to ask, so it didn’t really matter. Sherlock was so disconnected from the world, from his own life that he failed to notice his phone light up multiple times, bearing the names John, Mycroft and Mary in turn.
This was not even close to Sherlock's normal behaviour, and even further from okay.
“Nope, friends protect people.”
"We were talking about you." This took John completely by surprise. In hindsight, it probably shouldn't have, seeing as Sherlock wished to speak to Mary in private, and asked John to leave the room.
“We’ve a new Sergeant on the team who should be assembling all information regarding the case now,” stated Lestrade, opening the door and holding it for John and Sherlock.
"You didn't," Sherlock's head snapped up and his eyes opened, but John didn't meet them, choosing instead to look at his own hands that were sat uselessly in his lap. "You only had the one."
The reply was almost instantaneous.
They shared another of their moments, still riding the adrenaline high, where their eyes met and a surge of energy passed between them. The smiles on both their faces were genuine, warm and full of anticipation of what was to come. In the privacy of 221B, they would have acted upon their impulses and come together in a desperate, passionate kiss just to dull the aching need for each other. But now, surrounded by what seemed to be the entirety of NSY, they kept only to the heated eye contact.
“Mr Watson.”
“I-” Sherlock started. “It’s long and difficult to explain.”
When Sherlock woke the next morning, he did not feel the ache in his stomach of knowing another day lay ahead where he did not have John. Because now he did. Now, as he had his arms wrapped around John’s waist, holding him tightly against his chest, fingers weaved together on John’s stomach, and burying his nose into the nape of John’s neck, he was glad he’d never have to feel that ache again.
Greg straightened up and held his hands out to he man before him.
"The situation will resolve itself soon enough, Detective Inspector."
“I love you, you complete mad man. And if you ever try anything like this again Sherlock, I will finish the job myself, got it?”
“Please have a seat, John.”
“Didn’t take you long to figure out, did it?” John didn’t turn to Sherlock, choosing instead to focus on organising the food products on the side. His tone was slightly harsher than intended, but John guessed he was still highly irritated and frustrated from his encounter with Mycroft.
Mary smiled a watery smile, and bought John's hands up to envelop them in both of her tiny ones. Her skin was cold, but John resolutely did not care. Mary pressed her lips to their joined hands, and John moved forwards to rest his forehead gently against hers.
That was until John Watson moved into his life. Sherlock wasn’t sure what he felt when he looked at his flatmate. It had all been so simple and easy, up until the moment John had shot the homicidal cabbie to save Sherlock’s own life - such a selfless, brave and reckless act that sent a shiver down Sherlock’s spine every time he thought about it.
John left then, he couldn't put up with Mycroft for an extended period of time, especially if he's skirting the issue and being mysterious.
"Mary-"
"You come with me."
Sherlock scoffed at this. Honestly, did people seriously believe that it was actually possible to ‘die of fright’. It was a ridiculous concept.
He stood, surprised by the strength of his imaginary body after the onslaught of pain and mental instability. Sherlock knew that had it been his real body, it would not have been able to cope, once again proving that his mind was more important than transport.
Sherlock donned his signature coat and scarf and started to leave. A thought occurred to him just as began to descend the stairs, and heawiftly turned bak to grab his wallet. he needed to make a quick purchase.
John was sitting in a daze, and clearly hadn't noticed. Mary's words brought him back to the present. She was lying on her bed, curled up in a ball facing John, looking up at him through her long eyelashes. One hand was tucked under her pillow they'd bought with them from home, cradling it to her head, which was resting lightly on it. Her other hand was held tightly in John's.
"Yeah, that's your middle name isn't it?"
Sherlock had done everything he could to make his return as easy and as painless for John as possible. He bought the shopping, and managed to put it away in the right cupboards (with a little help from Mrs Hudson). He refrained from visiting the hospital to do some personal research, and there hadn’t been any decomposing limbs or organs since his return. Sherlock had even gone out of his way to make sure that there was only the required amount of any kind of pill in the flat. He had given the rest to Mrs Hudson to keep in her flat and were to only be returned on Sherlock’s orders. He remembered how John had done this with his supply when there was an immanent danger night.
"Here. Here is the exact spot." He exclaimed, pointing to a spot on the pavement and moving the focus to the road, and then back again.
“She said, I was your number one priority. Not Mrs Hudson, not Lestrade, not me, not even yourself. Me.” Sherlock had a feeling that John had just quoted Molly, word for word. John’s mind was brilliant. Not as brilliant as his own, Sherlock thought, but good enough.
"Good to have you back, Sherlock." He was shaking, they both were, and neither of them cared.
They continued to play snippets of the press conference. Lestrade’s explanation of how the whole thing had been pulled off and the people involved. Sherlock answering questions. One thing John did not expect to see, was the footage of himself answering the painful questions. And then Sherlock’s very similar answer. He watched their faces closely. It was clear by looking at the screen, just how much the two men cared for each other, and there was no other way of reading into it than what it was. But, John reminded himself, this was the British media and the British media had a certain reputation for blowing things out of proportion. John predicted that the rumours of their relationship would already be gracing the Internet, but he didn’t care. He was still just glad to have his best mate back.
Molly could sense all of this, and knew how difficult it was for the consulting detective to even consider moving on from John's 'death'. Another wave of guilt crashed over her for the part she played in orchestrating John's fall because she saw the pain it caused Sherlock. But she was determined not to think about that.
I hope the ending has lived up to the rest of the story, and that you guys felt like it's a suitable ending for John and Sherlock's journey!
“Sherlock Holmes is not average.” His voice quivered, and he was struggling to keep a hold of his temper.
“John!” Mary’s eyes flew open and she glared at John, who recoiled as if he’d been burned. There was no worse feeling than letting Mary down, especially now. “How could you do that?”
“What’s been happening?” He repeated.
“Oh, shut up!” They found themselves laughing again. Sherlock looked towards the window. It was completely dark outside now, and evening had fallen as the two men continued their easy conversation. If you asked them, neither of them could tell you what they talked about, only that they continued to talk into the early hours of the morning, pausing only to refill their cups with fresh tea.
Now he knew how Sherlock felt, now he knew for sure how he himself felt, John wanted everything. But would Sherlock? Sure, Sherlock had declared his love for John in his suicide note (John’s stomach clenched at the terrible reminder), but that didn’t mean he would still want to be with John when he woke up. After all the pain John had put him though, he would be surprised if Sherlock wanted anything to do with him. After all, Sherlock had believed that being with Mary would make him happy. And John had believed that too.
"Shit," came the quiet exclamation from Lestrade, who'd been listening intently to every word John said.
“But Mycroft said you were in a ‘delicate situation’ and I know how much it upset you yesterday and I just-”
John had to chuckle at their inside joke.
"Sorry to spoil your plans boys, but I thought I bring along a teammate of my own." John thee his head back in an attempt to break his captor's nose, but the tight grip around his neck only became tighter, momentarily cutting off his air flow before releasing it slightly. The gun was pushed harder into his temples, the pressure an ever present reminder that John was only seconds away from death if Moriarty so chose to do. "Try not to struggle Doctor Watson, Moran tends to get a little trigger happy with the ones who struggle and I do detest cleaning up."
"Apologies are a waste time, John. The words of a dead man hold no meaning and you're simply the product of my imagination."
John seemed blissfully unaware of both his date’s and Sherlock’s inner turmoil, and eager for the date to go well. He was just about to leave when Sherlock called out to him.
“We’ve got time. We have all night.” John looked back up at Sherlock as he said it, and his fingers clutched a little tighter around Sherlock’s in what he hoped was a reassuring pressure.
Instead of waiting around for Sherlock to return as he had done before, John chose to spend that time with Mary.
It's true that John may have landed a one or two (or four or five) punches on Sherlock over the years, but they had always been forgiven. It wasn't as if Sherlock was the most tolerable person in the world, so he instantly forgave John for every wrong. IT had been harder for John to forgive Sherlock, but there's a difference between a punch and pretending you're dead for two years.
They were in the master room of his mind palace, one that replicated a grand entrance to a stately home he'd visited on his first official case with NSY. It was the first room he'd taken considerable time and effort to construct. Until that point, the rooms in his palace were all identical, professional, only used to store information. After the completion of the entry, he'd spent months creating the other rooms, until his mind palace had been fully constructed. The ceiling of the entry was high, higher than any other room in his palace, and large enough to harbour any new data until he could sort it away, or construct a new room.
Sherlock heard Lestrade's footsteps move towards him.
No-one, not even Donovan, had ever shown this much contempt for Sherlock so quickly – at least not to John’s knowledge.
Sherlock walked up to John and gently reached out his hand to brush along the limp one lying by John's side.
Christ, no wonder the man turned to drugs. They were incredibly lucky that Sherlock was even alive. John had seen a tiny glimpse of the pain that Sherlock had experienced, and it had been enough to drive a man mad. In his position, John didn't know what he would have done, and he hoped that he would never have to find out. The thought of losing Mary, of losing their baby, it was too much, and prompted another phone call to his wife to remind of how much he loved her, loved them both.
"You're booked onto the 4.45am flight to Romania."
Leaving Mary would be hard, especially with the baby on the way, and there would be days when he probably regretted it, but John knew that it was for the best. It was his only chance a being happy with the man he loved.
Eventually, John extracted himself from Sherlock’s tight grasp and straightened himself. He knew what was happening, he was falling back into Captain Watson. He quickly looked up at his (now, again) flat mate, gave a short nod before turning away to make his way up to his bedroom.
He began to laugh manically. John and Sherlock exchanged confused looks, and in that one moment, that singular point I'm time where they both took their eyes off of the scene before them, was the moment when a tanned, heavily muscled arm wrapped itself around John's neck and he felt the cold, smooth metal of the barrel of a gun press against his temple. The arm forced John forward, bringing him level with Moriarty and turned him to face Sherlock. John could not see the man with the death like grip around his neck, but could deduce (Sherlock was really rubbing off on him) that he was significantly taller than John, well built, a smoker from the stench of cigarettes that emanated from him, right handed although that did not impede the grip of his left arm and judging by the way he stood and the hold he currently had John in he had some sort of military background.
“I love you too.” She kissed him goodbye, the sweetest kiss that John had ever shared with his wife, and she left, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the flat once more.
As a wise man once told him, alone protects people.
“Sherlock?” John was cautious, the last thing they needed was for Sherlock to lose his temper. He touched the shaking arm of his best friend. Sherlock visibly relaxed at the touch, and closed his eyes. He grasped John’s arm tightly, nearly cutting off his circulation. “Sherlock, breathe. Just like we did before.”
John turned to the kitchen, intent on getting caffeine into his system as soon as possible. “Tea, Sherlock?”
“Pleased? What makes you think I’d be pleased?”
“Why do you behave differently?” Sherlock slammed his hand down on the lab counter.
His conversations with John were never one-sided. John always had an opinion, an extra detail to input. Although Sherlock had never told John this, he secretly was glad of these comments. A fresh outlook on a case was always useful, and John’s opinion always mattered to him. He replaced the skull from it’s original position, then leant back into the chair, stretching his legs out, keeping his hands folded over his stomach, eyes closed.
“Of course I wanted to go back to John after the moment I jumped….”
Sherlock was completely taken aback. He turned his gaze to the cup of tea, resting on the table just to the left of their entangled hands, steam still rising from the hot liquid. He hadn’t thought of it that way. John still would be using his cane, probably, had they never met. But that was one thing. He was just about to voice this when Mrs Hudson continued.
"Sherlock, you need to-"
Eventually, he managed to open the door. He stumbled into the warmth, and let it completely envelope him. This is what a house should feel like. It smelled like baking, that was Mrs Hudson. It also smelled like chemicals – Sherlock. Sherlock!
John nodded in agreement.
Sherlock’s eyes closed and his face crewed up in concentration. H took in several deep breaths before he spoke. Clearly this was taking a lot of effort on Sherlock’s part, but John didn’t let go, he kept his eyes focused on Sherlock’s face.
"Fine, tell me about the green coat lady."
And then came Sherlock’s final sacrifice for the man he loved. Sherlock shot Magnussen. It was the only way to ensure Mary’s safety, and thus the safety of John and their unborn baby. Killing Magnussen was the only solution. So Sherlock gave up everything, his freedom, his entire life to keep John safe once again, and pulled the trigger.
“I’m sorry, John. She was an incredible woman.”
Everything stilled, and Sherlock thought of nothing, the hand at his back providing an anchor for Sherlock to cling to, to keep him grounded. His body stopped betraying itself, and Sherlock attempted to stand, but his legs didn’t seem able to support him. Sherlock began to fall to the floor, but what he was not expecting was the pair of strong arms that caught him, and lowered him gently to the floor so he was sat with his back to the kitchen worktop, knees drawn up to his chest. He heard John get up, and Sherlock fully expected him to leave again, but he returned only a moment later with a glass of water and two tablets resting in the palm of his hand.
That had been the turning point, as Sherlock caught sight of John on the other side of the police tape. His mind has shuddered to a halt – a spectacular feat in itself. He couldn’t form words as he took in the sight of the army doctor, trying to blend in with the crowd, to look like the innocent party. Sherlock had felt his heart rate increase, and felt the strange fluttering and swooping sensation in his stomach that was usually associated with Fight or Flight. He felt a warmth surrounding him, much more efficient than any shock blanket, and suddenly, the emotions began to claw their way out of their prison and infiltrate his mind and body.
“He looked at me with this confident little grin and asked ‘hey,
John turned to look at Mycroft. It was the first time they'd met face to face since Sherlock returned to 221B after being confined to hospital the first time. Sherlock's welfare united them, but apart from that, John had nothing in common with the man who was the British Government. And yet John couldn't bring himself to not trust the man. So, with Mycroft's encouragement, John finally moved cautiously and with much pent up anxiety and nervousness into the room in front of him. Mycroft closed the door behind John, giving them a modicum of privacy.
Sherlock couldn't. It was impossible. If he opened his eyes, he would have to face the facts, he'd have to accept that this was real. If he kept his eyes closed, a least he could pretend.
Mycroft stumbled back, clutching at his face. Blood poured freely from his nose, which Mycroft was sure was broken. There were tiny droplets of the deep red liquid on the floor, contrasting dramatically with the pristine, immaculate white of the flooring.
John could see the spark in the detective's eye, he could see the consideration of Moriarty's request. John refused to let Sherlock back down. They had a plan, and John intended to stick to it. Some part of John's brain knew that he and Sherlock had to pull off a convincing performance, and maybe Sherlock's reaction was part of the act, but a larger portion of his brain was taken back to the last time he had been in proximity to this rooftop, several years ago, watching from below, helpless. He couldn't watch it, not again. Not ever again.
Both the consultant and Mary stared at John, who’s eyes were closed, jaw clenched, fists curled up tightly on his knees.
what losing John would do to him, you
Sherlock looked up at John as he put away the shopping.
But sometimes they creep up on you, and there's nothing. You can do about it. Sometimes they limp into your life, offer their phone and never leave. They take your breath away, they dull the noise, they make you're heart skip a beat.
What did he do to deserve this man as a friend? Clearly, the old Sherlock must have done something incredibly heroic or selfless. He scoffed at this idea. Heroes didn’t exist – but it sounded exactly like something John would try to do, turn him into a hero. Again with the romanticism.
John sat back in the chair after releasing a breath that he didn’t realise he had been holding, still maintaining his grasp on his detective’s hand, his thumb carefully circling Sherlock’s knuckles before brining it to his lips to place a tender kiss there. John wanted to kiss Sherlock properly, but he had to be content with this, at least for now.
Thanks to all of their combined efforts, the day went surprisingly well - despite the attempted murder. Mary had looked absolutely beautiful in her dress, John had a very hard time keeping his eyes off of her. He had never been prouder. Sherlock's speech was actually very good, despite everyone's predictions. He was funny, charming, and even sweet in places. And he had managed to solve a murder at the same time. Once again, John was amazed at his best friend's capabilities. Now, John had a wife, and a baby on the way.
It was a waltz.
“John? Did you find him?”
John looked Sherlock straight in the eyes. “Absolutely eradicated. After what happened to the both of us, I don’t think you’d be as stupid as to leave again.”
If we must - SH
A small laugh escaped John's lips. He opened his eyes and found that he couldn't stop laughing. That ridiculous ash tray must still be in the flat. He stood up, the first real movement he had made that day, and hunted around the flat for it. He found it under a stash of old newspapers which Sherlock used to find evidence or for new cases. He set it on the small table that separated the two armchairs. He spent a while just looking at it, remembering the sheer ridiculousness of how it was acquired. That was the first time John had felt close to happiness since the fall, but he didn't register it at the time.
John had not needed to explain to Mary what was happening. The moment she’d heard his voice on the phone, she’d ordered him to stay put until she got there. John had held onto the phone with both hands, as if it were his lifeline. Only a short while later he had heard footsteps running up the stairs and a quiet knock, just above John’s right shoulder as he remained leaned against the door. He’d scrambled clumsily to his feet and opened the door with such ferocity that he was surprised that it didn’t fly off of it’s hinges. His beautiful, strong and perfect wife was waiting on the other side. There was no ‘hello’, no ‘how are you?’  There were no words at all, there didn’t need to be. Mary was wearing her favourite red coat, her hair pinned back at the sides with jeweled clips that John had bought her as 3 month anniversary present on a whim. He wasn’t sure Mary would like them, but she did, immensely so. John appreciated that she was wearing them, he didn’t know why, but they’d put a small smile on his face when he saw them nestled in Mary’s blonde hair.
Now he’s just showing off, though John.
"Yes," said the world's only consulting detective as he returned to his microscope. "It was extremely inconvenient, John"
Inexplicably, John felt his own features mirroring Sherlock's as he moved towards the bed. He wasn't even put off by the IV drip that was inserted into Sherlock's arm.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Lestrade,” scoffed the tall, too-smart-for-his-own-good detective, a disbelieving smirk playing around the corner of his lips.
Sherlock didn’t sleep at all. Whilst John slept peacefully upstairs, Sherlock spent the night thinking, pacing, playing, anything whilst trying to solve the problem.
John had a lot to take in. He repeated Molly’s words, over and over again in his mind. And finally, something clicked in his brain. Suddenly, the world made sense again, the sun appeared from behind a cloud, he could sense a shift in the universe from that one moment of understanding. Why had he ever been so stupid as to worry about Sherlock leaving him again? The very idea seemed laughable now. In fact, John Watson did laugh. His face broke into a smile and he laughed as if he’d heard the funniest joke in the world.
Sherlock continued to play for only a few hours longer, making absolutely sure that John was asleep before he put down the instrument he loved so dearly. He cherished every note he’d ever played on it, even the clashing chords played only to annoy Mycroft. It helped to organise his thoughts, and he used it instead of the alternatives. Sherlock had resisted the temptations to lapse back into his own habits when he was away from John. Every time he’d opened a packet of cigarettes, he’d thought about how disappointed John would have been with him, and he’d not touched them since. And Mycroft had kept him away from anything stronger for years.
There were several shouts, crying from Sally Donovan, and screaming, but John didn’t hear any of it. He was too focused on the man who was now bleeding out in his arms. He cradled Sherlock close to him, as you would a small child.
Still, even a man of John's strength and stamina couldn't help but begin to crack under the pressure of the constant abuse. And every time, John got a little bit closer to giving up.
But John didn't do any of these things. His reaction took Sherlock, and himself, completely by surprise. He ran to the younger man and threw his arms around him. Tears began to spill from his eyes and fell onto Sherlock's shirt.
“Okay.” John took a deep breath, trying not to let Sherlock get to him again. “I may have lost my temper a little the last time I was at the flat.”
How much I love you.
“Why?”
"You flatter. And someone did once say that great minds think alike."
Sorry it's been a while since the last update! Hopefully this chapter isn't too disappointing. Thank you so much for staying with me whilst this story sat dormant for a bit! As always, comments, criticisms, suggestions, requests are all welcome so please feel free to leave them! Hopefully it won't be too long before the next chapter, so hang in there guys!
"Yes, you passed out just as I walked in."
Honestly, she thought. John was right. Sherlock may have one of the greatest minds the world had ever seen, but he was truly, spectacularly ignorant when it came to some things. She giggles quietly to herself before retiring to her own flat for the rest of the night.
"Sorry's not going to bring Victoria back, John."
Christ he had missed his best friend. He felt hot tears come to his eyes, and from the sniffling sound coming from the face tucked into his neck, and the wetness that was quickly absorbing into his hospital gown, John deduced that Sherlock was in a similar state.
"Gentlemen," the footman said close to our ears. "My mistress is concerned that this next act may not be terribly interesting to you, yourselves not being moved by the female form. She has made a guest room available to you, should you be more comfortable there."
"No, they will not. I am having it published anonymously. No one will know my boy was involved."
It is difficult to describe what came over me, how my long-held admiration for both him and his powerful penis intertwined and deepened to nearly worship. I had hungered for his shaft ever since I first glimpsed its heroic length distending his trouser leg that long-ago afternoon at Bart's, and custom had not staled its infinite variety. But now I was driven to pour exaltations upon his engorged and furious member, to lavish upon it the full-throated praises it so justly deserved. Holmes, normally silent during our sport, urged me forward with growled commands and imperious cries of pleasure, and a kind of madness came upon me. Like a Greek supplicant of old, I wrapped an arm around his sinewed thighs and impaled myself upon his sword, squeezing and sucking, while my flying hand below imitated what my throat performed above.
I must have appeared a wild man, unshaven and unslept, but Mrs Hudson had nerves of iron, else she could not have tolerated Holmes as a lodger all those years. She was surprised by my urgency, but I did not frighten her.
That should have been the last entry in the notebook. We had left for the Continent the next morning, and this notebook had not been among Holmes' effects that I brought back from Meirengen and returned to his brother. Holmes had left his lab notebook here, in Baker Street; thus it should have ended with our impending departure to the Continent.
"Now, Watson, we are on the last lap of our journey," Holmes said when we had quit Three Gables. We had taken a cab and were speeding to some address in Grosvenor Square. "A telegram would suffice, but I find myself keen to introduce you to so interesting a lady as Isadora Klein. I suppose you see it all clearly?"
He shrugged. "A few minutes, perhaps. I was never lucid enough to time it."
Thus, I hailed a cab to Baker Street. It was without much surprise that I discovered an ad hoc shrine of flowers and black crêpe erected on the stoop beside Mrs Hudson's door.
"Excellent. I have a matter in Harrow Weald that requires my attention, and I would be very grateful for your company."
"Thus it was not until 1814 that my grandfather returned to England to stand court martial for the Scylla's loss. He was honourably acquitted and returned to Lancashire a hero, but much changed from the man who had left in 1803. Captain Sherrinford had been sunny and outgoing as a youth, I am told, but I remember my grandfather as a taciturn and forbidding man, scarred from his injuries, and suspicious of everyone he met. Nevertheless, my grandmother, Sherrinford's wife, welcomed my grandfather home. He moved into the great hall and took up the duties of squire, Sherrinford's older brother having died during the Peninsular War.
I touched Holmes' face, marvelling again that he was alive. I could overlook much, simply to have him alive again.
lay near his stool; he clearly knew what it contained.
He enjoined me to douse the light, claiming that even strong gaslight damages the tree's delicate tissues. Enough light filtered in from the street beyond the curtains that I could still see what he was about. He removed the bag to reveal a sickly little sapling, more anemic shrub than tree. Motioning me well back, he leaned down and whispered to it — what, I could not hear, although he looked at me slyly as he did so. I distinctly heard the plant's foliage rustle in response, a dry whisper of sound, like a snake in tall grass, although I could not see how he caused the plant to produce it. The curtains did not flutter; it was not a breeze passing through the windows that made the plant move so.
Holmes had been an amateur cracksman himself, but had learned the art from and sometimes consulted with a professional named Jack Barley, whom I had met twice. I had only the dimmest notion of where to find him, but happily, a remnant of Holmes' Irregulars still lurked about Baker Street. I approached them, and after offering them a coin for the information, discovered that they knew where Barley could be found.
And there was the hitch. My first message had been rude, but not indiscreet: at worst, someone might think me less a gentleman should he read it with the appropriate nudge and snicker. But Holmes' message was somewhat less discreet than mine. I knew how I was inclined to read his message — and what conversation I thought he was inviting me to have — but Holmes had a horror of blackmailers; he had never tolerated our putting in print anything that even hinted at the full extent of what we were to each other.
"A sailor who possibly blackmailed my grandfather, and my father after him, yes. It would explain why the estate was so heavily mortgaged, and likewise why my father became so frightened after my grandfather's death: the blackmailer turned his attentions from my deceased grandfather to his only living son. It might explain my father's disappearance, also. Perhaps my father went to meet his blackmailer, either to buy him off or to acquire his proof and make it right. Pah! This is all conjecture. As neat as the theory is, I can no more prove this line of inquiry than any other. If only..."
It was a twenty-minute walk from Paddington to Baker Street, but it was hours before Holmes arrived. How he spent the intervening time, I did not know, but I spent it staring into the fire, listening to the whispers of the Tree.
He pulled me to him. "Watson," he said, his face in my hair, and then again, "Watson." I put my arms around him and turned my face into his shabby coat collar, trying to will my tears to stop. His arms tightened around me, and the feeling became too much to control: I cried like a child. He curled around me, and did not release his hold.
"You look like a child faced with a dish of boiled turnips."
It appeared that I was a recurring topic of interest in his visions, but Holmes seemed determined not to speak of them, and I resigned myself to their remaining a mystery.
Holmes's hand found its way into my trousers and stroked me deliciously. "What a happy little minx! Look at her, she's exactly where she wants to be."
Angry red weals had risen on Susan's posterior, as regular as the crossbeams of a ladder, each precisely matching the next in angle and colour. Holmes's count had been correct: there was space for just one more set of marks—presuming, of course, that Mrs Klein showed as much aesthetic sense in marking the girl's backside as she had when marking her front.
"Three months after my grandfather's passing, my father went out one morning and never came back. It was quickly discovered that he had boarded a train for Liverpool, but whither from there, no one could say. Foul play was initially suspected, given his fearful behaviour, but when our cousin Merritt and his family arrived to take charge, it was soon discovered that the estate and farms were in debt, and that furthermore Father had secured several large loans before boarding the train to Liverpool. The village had always thought him an odd man at best, and opinion in the village turned against him: he had obviously been waiting for the opportunity to get his hands on the family money, and finding none, had secured what cash he could and vanished with it.
I caught only the barest glimpse before the delicate fronds began shivering and withering; I was forced to close the lantern's shutter entirely to protect the tree that grew inside the drape. But I had seen a little before the darkness rushed in: a large ceramic urn, from which grew a gnarled trunk and numerous branches, which escaped the screening drapes and reached out into the room. I had glimpsed a fruit, too, the size and texture of a small lime, its flesh streaked light and dark, its color otherwise impossible to discern in the red glow of the lantern.
"I hardly know how to thank you," Mrs Klein said to Holmes, and he waved away the necessity of gratitude or repayment. "Nevertheless," she insisted, "perhaps you would enjoy a performance? Your friend has been making eyes at His Grace, but I regret that Ned is reluctant to perform for strangers, a peccadillo that I choose to indulge him in—for now."
"It's been another sleepless night for you," Holmes said, as he traced a curl of smoke back to an overlooked leaf. He shoveled it into his bucket of sand, where it could burn safely. "You'll have to ask Anstruther to take your patients again."
"All day, sir. Your readers are much cut-up about Mr Holmes' death."
"I'll instruct the maid, but she doesn't like coming up here — she thinks these rooms are haunted. I don't trust that man Barley, though."
She did, and I saw the marks were as they had first appeared: an intricate pattern of long and fine scabs, deeper and neater than scratches, although not compromising the integrity of the epidermis—they might have been cut with a scalpel. I did not know what to make of such savagery, if savagery it could be called: the cuts had been executed with all the skill of a surgeon, uniform in depth and carefully placed, their pattern as symmetric and deliberately constructed as the best lace. My confusion must have been apparent.
Disaster. I have fabricated my own
"Mrs Hudson!" I bellowed as Holmes used to do, bursting out of his rooms and down the stairs. "Mrs Hudson!" I called again, storming down the corridor to her door, whereupon I set up such a clamour that I dragged the poor woman from her bed. "Mrs Hudson, do you have such a thing as an axe?"
Moriarty has claimed time and again that the Tree would tell me something I truly wished to know if only I would not be so timid with it. Until now, it has always told me things I could have learned for myself via other means. I am confident that, on the basis of my own powers alone, I could still have saved Helen Stoner from her stepfather's clutches; I likewise could have discovered
"Stand and strip, my darling," Mrs Klein said to Susan, with a coldness that made the hair stand on my arms. "And we'll soon see whether you love your mistress."
for safekeeping; Moriarty's men attacked me in my rooms again that same night. They were not well-disciplined: they brought an unshuttered light with them, and before the fight was half-finished, the Tree had ignited from the beams of the lantern. His henchmen fled, leaving me alone with the fire. I was able to extinguish the Tree by means of my buckets of sand — a precaution I kept at hand — my jug and basin, blankets and much stamping, but the Tree is in a sorry state. At least the main trunk was untouched; the curtain swathing the urn from light was singed but did not catch fire itself. It is a pity to see the damage to the Tree after all my hard work caring for it, but I have hope for its recovery: it was in worse state when Moriarty first brought it to me.
On reading Holmes' own account of the evening, I felt none of the outrage of a falsely spurned lover: that evening had been long ago, and much had happened since then to mute those feelings. My marriage to Mary had been a profound blessing in my life, and Holmes' unequivocal rejection that night had cleared the path for her; it was impossible to now wish that my life had taken a different turn. Too, I could not say that Holmes had been wrong to reject me that evening, given what I now knew. He had told me many lies by then, and seemingly intended to tell me many more. As has been demonstrated repeatedly among Holmes' cases, where lies are passed and secrets are kept, only grief and tragedy can grow. Perhaps I felt somewhat stung that Holmes had chosen his tree over me, but it was also clear to me that its fruit bore much in common with opium: it was possible that the choice had not been fully voluntary on his part.
"Those tigers will bite like the blazes when they come off," Holmes said, sounding as if he relished the prospect. "More than they did going on. Oo, eight strokes," he purred, his own rod kicking against me as the second stroke landed.
I took up a poker, but nothing emerged. Again I heard the impression of voices.
I was touched by his tone of despair. I considered the drawing carefully: there was little to distinguish this particular stone-and-thatch outbuilding from any other, nor the well that stood before it, and yet the scene was detailed enough that I might recognise it, were I to see it in person. Assuming the farm even existed, and was not a fever dream of his own creation.
I sat on the settee to wait.
Here the widow broke off with a sob.
for safekeeping. He knows not the fruit's value, but he is loyal and has never required to know why I ask a thing of him. Tomorrow we shall fly to Europe together, and with luck we will shake Moriarty, giving me some space to have my trance. I will procure a quiet suite for us, so that I have a room with privacy, and then claim exhaustion from my months-long contest with Moriarty and retire. In the outer room,
The compulsion to lie, to conceal the presence of the tree running amok in Holmes' bedroom, was as strong as before, although at the time I did not wonder at it. "I have his lab notebook here — it will help me know what needs to be done about his chemicals. But it's really not safe until then — you must keep everyone out."
"There, my dear, you may move," Mrs Klein said, her voice no longer so cool; she panted from passion and exertion. "That is a beautiful set of marks—you will be very proud of them later, and may show them off to all your friends." Saying so, she viciously pinched a weal and made Susan scream, then stroked the angry marks with her long white fingers, as the wretched creature sobbed and writhed. "Now, my clever girl, would you like Magnus for a treat?"
"Stand and show yourselves!" I called, as I came through the door.
"Alas, my dear boy," Sherlock Holmes said to me with a wry smile, "we will have no relief from the courts. Ours is the self-same bind that captured Oscar Wilde: every word in the damnable document is true."
She took them from his hand, and after inspecting them, threw them on the fire with a shuddering sigh of relief. "You were able to do the thing honestly, I hope?"
Yet Holmes did not take Moriarty's disgrace as a warning, much to my frustration. It seemed to me that Holmes ran great risks with his own reputation during his experimentation with the tree, regularly manufacturing falsehoods for its consumption.
"Of course," Holmes replied. "Ah, thank you, Susan." This last to the maid serving him tea.
"Whatever it is, it's locked in just as surely as we're locked out." I put an arm around my former landlady and walked her to the landing, then locked the door to my former rooms behind me. "There, that's two locked doors. Try not to worry, and I'll be back as soon as I can."
"I am he. Why, aren't you Steve Dixie? I've wanted to meet you for some time."
"After his death in Switzerland, I discovered that I could stomach the lies no more. But just as little could I give up my father's quest. I gambled everything I loved on one great, final falsehood. I had consulted Mycroft occasionally during my explorations with the Tree; with his assistance, I was able to keep it safe at Baker Street while I waited for you to publish your account of my death. I must apologise for bringing him into my confidence and not you, but I could hardly help but to do so. He is more perspicacious than I am: I have never once in my life successfully lied to him, neither as a boy nor as a man."
was initially well-received among the mathematical elite as a work of genius, but it has since been denounced as a fever dream with no merit or substance.
I sent it, and waited for his response.
Holmes's penis gave a mighty kick of approval against my back, and he sighed into my ear.
With a feeling of defeat, I did so.
"I said I would be," he said simply, as if his word was his bond. "Come, drink your coffee."
"You have a second chance, Sherlock. Don't squander it on another dance with the Tree."
surprising—"
"I have never been so grateful for your generously, yet very sensibly endowed self," Holmes replied. He laughed to himself, covering his face with his hands. "Well, I am man enough to say it—that is the second time I've been beaten by a woman!"
Then, on April 3rd of 1891, came the betrayal I had been expecting:
Again, I heard the unnerving suggestion of voices from behind the heavy drape. A shudder ran up my spine before I straightened my shoulders and reproved myself for being fanciful. Holmes was not a ghost, nor did he walk.
His grip tightened on my hips, and he shook his head.
"It told me the entire history of my grandfather, clearly and without equivocation. I need only a lead, something I can turn into a productive line of inquiry. The Tree is constrained to tell the truth, after all."
"Cheap at twice the price," she said with a careless wave of her hand. "But come, have a cup of tea, and explain how you did it. The witch absolutely refused to treat with me."
"Holmes," I said gently.
"You and your brother have played a trick on me," she said, and turned accusing eyes on me, as if I had perhaps been part of the plot.
"It was the one good thing to come of that day," I agreed. At least Holmes' death had not been in vain. I had lit a lamp while we talked; now gripping it in one hand and my poker in the other, I turned to shove my way past the curtain again. "Best stay here until I find out what's on the other side of this curtain."
Holmes lifted each pair from their bed and meditatively tested the spring of its jaws. "What do you think of this one, Watson?" he asked, when he had found the stiffest, and asking me to give him my finger, closed the tiger's jaws on the tip. The spring inside gave the device a crushing grip, the points of the teeth biting abominably. I winced.
"Exquisite work," Holmes complimented her. "I've never seen edged tools more skilfully handled than in your mistress's dainty hands."
"Mycroft came home from school, and although he questioned myself, the staff, and villagers, he was never able to throw any more light on my father's disappearance. I wish I had been older and more observant — I might have noticed some vital clue, now lost to the years."
I locked the door, then pocketed the key. "Nevertheless, I am staying."
"And what great truth has been revealed to you, Professor?" I asked.
A puerile and childish message, perhaps, but as much as it would shock the public to know, in an excess of good spirits and the privacy of my bedroom Holmes was sometimes given to such low humour. I hoped the telegram would provide a moment of amusement in an otherwise long and dull case, and called the boy in buttons to deliver my message duly to the Post Office. Whatever trifling amount I saved in word count with that pithy '7603', I more than paid for in the additional fee for coded messages. I counted it money well spent, however, if it brought a smile to Holmes' evening.
I raised an eyebrow at him, but wordlessly removed some further articles of clothing. He shut the armoire again, and took up my dressing gown from the foot of my bed and draped it artistically over the seam of the doors, the better to block any leakage of light.
I had thought to negotiate a truce with Moriarty, some compromise wherein we would both receive a portion of the fruit…
Moriarty's men have tried twice more. It is clear that my rooms are not secure; I would ingest the fruit now if I thought I could experience the trance undisturbed. I will take the fruit to
"Of befouling your dear Douglas' memory, of course," Holmes said. "A reputation is a most fragile thing. Once tarnished, it can never be restored to its original sheen."
Brought Death into the World…
"You came back." I had been afraid he would not return. Afraid that, in my impetuousness, I had seen the last of him for another two years, if not forever.
"Mr Holmes!" Mrs Hudson exclaimed. "I protest!"
I don't think that any of my adventures with Mr. Sherlock Holmes opened quite so abruptly, or so dramatically, as that which I associate with The Three Gay Bowls. I had not seen Holmes for some days, and he was in an amorous mood that morning. He had just settled me into the well-worn low armchair on one side of the fire, my legs spread wide over its arms and my bollicks hanging heavy with unspent fluid, while he curled down on the floor with my pipe engorged and smoking in his firey mouth, when our visitor arrived. To say that we both started like mad bulls would not be understating the case.
"Or do you intend to lie again and tell me that you do not want me?" I asked.
He looked at me quizzically. "Do you?"
Mrs Hudson looked at me for confirmation. Well-trained to follow Holmes' lead and still bewildered, I nodded. "He was just now telling me the story."
"I am a friend of them both," Holmes interjected, "as well as I may be, for they had many acquaintances in common during their time together. But it is on your son's behalf that I have come. Pray, stay your hand. I hope to prevent you from making a grave mistake."
"I gave up the quest, thinking my father's fate not only unknown, but unknowable."
I deliberately did not read his writings as I straightened his papers on my desk, but his drawings could not help but fall under my eye. There was a distinctly nautical theme among them, several ships, including one being savagely wrecked upon surf-crashed rocks, and another sketch of two Naval gentlemen wearing the high cocked hats of Nelson's era, each man so alike the other as to be brothers. Other drawings, however, did not fit the theme: there was a lovingly-detailed rendering of a pastoral farmyard, as well as a rough, cartoonish sketch of a fledgling in a nest. Chiding myself for my curiosity, I set the drawings aside. Light no longer leaked in past the curtains; I lit a lamp and set myself down to read a medical journal while I waited for Holmes to wake.
He laughed, that dry, rasping laugh that had so bedeviled his students. "No, mathematics was never your subject, despite your other gifts. As I said, it reveals a truth close to the ingester's own heart. For me, that is mathematics. For the man who gave the tree to me, it was the secrets of the Creation. For you... Perhaps there is some little mystery you wish to throw light upon?" He paused meaningfully, and I felt a smoulder of surprised anger that he might choose to invoke Father among such fancies. But he turned aside before the jump. "For you, questions of cosmic justice, perhaps. You know your own heart better than I, my dear boy."
"But is it a memory you treasure, Mrs Maberley?" Holmes asked. "If you simply do not wish for her to possess it, she will pay as dearly to see the manuscript destroyed as to possess it herself. Watson can burn it for us, here and now while you watch, and then she will have paid and your darling Douglas' memory will be safe."
"Then she enjoys the pain?"
Anticipating his answer, I had idly browsed Marryat's between my telegram and his, noting with some amusement possible innuendos and useful phrases. I replied:
I obeyed Holmes's orders primarily out of military discipline, and yet I will admit to taking pleasure in doing as he bid me, and in doing his bidding well. I had not thought the pleasure sexual, but with his hand stroking my lance, smoothing its dribbling fluid over my glans and squeezing me in its commanding grip, I could not at that moment see the distinction. I lay back against his shoulder and bucked my prick up into his hand. "It's true, Holmes. But I do not think I should like pain," I said. "I could bear it for you if you wished it—"
She nodded, one hand tightly clasped in the other. I again fought my way past the curtain.
I remembered the night well, of course. I had been so certain of Holmes that evening, so certain that my advances would be well-received. I had retreated shaken, feeling the worst kind of fool. My only consolation at the time was that Holmes had not taken offense, had not seen fit to cut me to ribbons or turn me out of our rooms. He had shown no aversion to me over the following days, but of course there sprouted between us a stiff awkwardness, felt more on my part it seemed than his. He behaved as if nothing of importance had happened, and I staunchly did my best to follow his lead, however strongly I felt otherwise.
The night was too foggy for a proper dawn: the mist grew brighter around us, but did not cleanly admit the sun's rays. Nevertheless, Holmes and I sat vigil in his room, now chill from the damp morning fog threading through the shattered windows, on watch for any small lick of flame as the city slowly brightened to grey beyond the windows.
I am seldom shy, but a surprise visit such as that one can take the starch out of even such a randy buck as me. But Holmes felt no reserve, and resumed fondling my bollicks with his exquisitely sensitive fingers. He took me into mouth again and played such ecstatic melodies on my flute that soon I could only cling to the chairback and moan in contrapuntal harmony.
"As I love you, my dear," Mrs Klein replied. "Which is why I will not spare you these next." Again she leapt, and again the cane viciously cut the air. Once more, Susan ululated her adoration.
"I am a doctor, ma'am, and was a military surgeon before that," I protested. "I do not faint at the sight of blood. But what is the meaning of these?"
My thought must have been obvious on my face, because his expression fell.
"You are sent by that woman—that fiend! The one who broke his heart! You're no friend of my son!" She reached for the bell pull.
"Watson," Holmes said, and I looked up to see him in the open doorway. I had not heard him enter.
"For the rats," I said, the lie coming more easily the more often I repeated it. I was panting as if the short journey down the stairs had winded me.
"So it is. Watson, I owe you a thousand apologies. I thought I bargained with no lives but my own, but to come home and be confronted with what I have done, to see the cost to my friend…" He looked up then, for I had drawn near to him.
The day was a strange one. My patients were of course more interested in their own maladies than in mine, but several offered condolences on Holmes' death. I accepted them with all the grace I could muster. Holmes' death was not a new grief, but at least I was not alone in my feeling that, with the publication of "The Final Problem", something momentous had occurred.
At the next stroke, Susan howled, "I love you mistress! Six, mistress, thank you, mistress!"
Unfortunately, Holmes has been able to work on the problem only intermittently. Not long after his return, we were faced with the problem of Ronald Adair's murder, and Holmes' professional life has been busy ever since. In writing up Adair's case, I explained Holmes' return by employing the fiction he had first told to Mrs Hudson, the one about Tibet, Mecca, and the explorations of a Norwegian named Sigerson. My conscience twinged as I did so, but I saw no public value in branding Holmes a liar in the press, nor in placing his private griefs and an unsubstantiated family scandal before the public. After all, with the exception of "The Final Problem", my tales of his career are a largely accurate depiction of Holmes' powers and achievements, and those who were most harmed by Holmes' false death have already forgiven him. It helps, of course, to know that the Tree itself is gone — the lies I told in "The Empty House" were not told at its behest, nor in pursuit of its forbidden knowledge. I hope to lay any last twinges of my conscience to rest by penning this true account. I have no plans to publish it, but scholars may find it edifying after our deaths, if there is still interest in Holmes' life at that time.
I stood in the blackness, my chest heaving, listening to the rustle of leaves all around me. There was no hint of a draft to stir them.
His story was preposterous, but we have a long acquaintance, he and I, and I was willing to humour him for the sake of old debts.
"I only did what a friend would do."
Still he urged me on, sternly commanding me to take his length to its full depth, and not only to take it, but to take it for long and longer, his lordly manner wholly unlike our more usual and more reciprocal love-play. I in my turn strove to please him, my lungs burning as I massaged his mast with my throat. He knotted a hand in my hair to drive me onward, and I, rather than objecting to his peremptory manner, reveled in it. All too soon he tensed and began to vibrate, his fluid rising in him. Through my woozy lightheadedness I felt genuine elation—not, as one might think, that my ordeal was nearly over, but as a devotee might feel in response to an awesome and terrible heavenly visitation. Holmes erupted, his fluid flowing over my tongue and down my throat, blessing me with the proof of his satisfaction and pleasure. Overcome by the taste of that benediction, I too erupted, my vital juices cascading over my fist as I suckled him. Both of us trembled, our breaths heaving, profoundly shaken by our encounter. Still I nursed at him, until his shaft softened and he at last pulled away.
"I don't need much, Watson. Grist for the mill, something to work with…!"
"Or to scuttle her marriage to the Duke. His Grace’s ma might overlook the age, but a big scandal would be a different matter, so it became imperative— Ah! here we are.”
She gaped up at him. "You're alive," she said, and without further preamble burst into tears. He drew her into his arms and held her close; for all she had endured as his landlady, there had always been affection between them.
Mrs Maberley considered this soberly. "An injunction from the courts…?"
says, come not from lies of opportunity and happenstance, but from bold, deliberate efforts to deceive, and to deceive widely. Presumably, that was the lie that
And the next entry:
It was Holmes' habit to record his visions in detail, but on one occasion, in the winter of 1887-88, he explicitly declined to do so:
There was nothing I could say to that, and I did not try.
"What else shall you need?" I asked, drawing the curtains against the daylight; the room's main light came from the fire in the grate. I felt as if I was preparing the room for a seance; I could only hope that the spirits Holmes meant to commune with were benevolent.
"Come to Paddington with me," I urged again.
"Come, then," I said, throwing my covers back. "If we are to do this, let us do it now."
I listened, troubled, but spoke no word nor made any gesture that might cast doubt on Holmes’ narrative. I rinsed the sludge from last night's cup, poured myself fresh coffee, and sat and listened, wondering how it was possible that the Tree still had its claws in Holmes, even at the remove of two and a half years. It was not only Holmes' lie that troubled me; I was troubled, too, by the lies I had told to protect the Tree, last night and again this morning, under no more influence than breathing its vapours for a few hours.
Holmes frowned. "I had been about to say that the truth can't be conjured by lies."
But I did not pause to investigate the scent, as I could hear the rustling. It came from behind Holmes' bedroom door. Stealthily, I approached and tried the handle, only to find the door locked.
Holmes stirred the papers on my desk, and drew forth the crude sketch of the fledgling in the nest. "Do you recognise this? No, I do not think you robbed birds' nests as a child. It is a cuckoo. A gowk, as we called them as children."
"You've come for the fruit, then," I said. "Now that I've published my account of your supposed death."
He shook his head. "It's only a reaction from the drug," he said, and turned his face away.
is an honourable man, and does not deserve to have his character besmirched so, not even in the name of science.
"I see. Come out onto the landing with me, there's a good fellow." On the landing, he went to the window overlooking the street and threw that open as well. He took me by the shoulders and stood me in front of the window. "Stand here and breathe deeply, please."
"That's what your mum said," Steve Dixie chortled, and waggled her tongue at us. "Now I'll leave you gentlemen to it." Still laughing, she gave us a broad wink and swaggered out of the room as manfully as she had entered it.
"I'm sure," he said, and placed the plant inside the armoire. "Do you have what you need for the morning? You will not be able to open these doors again in daylight."
"Thank goodness you're here, Dr Watson," she said, when she answered my knock and ushered me inside. "There's something moving about in Mr Holmes' rooms."
"I remember well the oppressive air of that house, the very rooms themselves having taken on my grandfather's character. My father was much subdued in his grief — he had never been close with my grandfather, but sometimes the grief of a difficult relationship severed is much harder to bear than that of a close one. I did not know of such things, however, being only a boy — I knew only that my father's affectionate nature became heavy and troubled. Time did not ease what ailed him; he soon became skittish under the weight of his new responsibilities, and he insisted that I curtail my roaming for birds' eggs and remain always within sight of the house. Unfortunately, I forgot my instructions sometimes and followed the croak of a frog well beyond the lawns. Then my father would come down to the brook and catch me up tightly before hustling me back to the house.
"Oh, well then." Sherlock scrapes a fingernail down John's palm. "I thought that we could fuck for a bit, and then—oh, I don't know, pay bills, or read Mohr, or—"
Sherlock stares up at the ceiling as he lets out a long, slow breath through his nose. After a moment, he nods.
," John gasps, breathless.
"Wager?" John asks. "Wait, what happened in April?"
"Nothing like you're not actually uncomfortable," he asks, "or nothing like it's nothing you want to talk about?"
John looks back up at the ceiling.
"Oh—yeah," says Wilson. "In between exhibits, yeah? So they've brought in
"I mean, I like how it feels, holding—I like—" Sherlock stops. Swallows, then low-close between them so (soft) warm Sherlock says, "I like—knowing I'm held in line."
Christ what he wouldn't've—
John nods. "You're good for petting," he says, thick.
The shower in Sherlock's en suite comes on. After a moment, John slides his hand back into his bottoms. Closes his eyes.
—then.
"Oh," she says. "I see."
throb at        —fingers,    sides of palmsandears heart and soaked
"Donovan's already got some sort of bounty out on my testicles, I—"
like triggering an avalanche; kneeling up thighs spread open-mouthed curling his toes on white cotton sweating tangled up in blue silk; and then gets to work eight minutes late with his hair still damp and feeling paranoid—prickly—jumpy, his skin all over under his clothes too-hot too-bare too-raw. All day at the surgery he keeps catching himself looking over his shoulder, inexplicably, for Sherlock; and then realizing it's just that faint lingering sweet-warm smell of £52 fake coconut, still lingering on his own long-dry too-short hair. He can't focus. He can barely do his job. Whenever he sits down to chart he keeps thinking about Sherlock's voice:
"John," Sherlock says—Holmes—
John says, "Feels good"; and Sherlock's breath catches. His lower lip: his own teeth; as he rubs his fingers over John's lips—Christ—and then, when John opens, pushes them into his mouth, dark-eyed: and so John does his best to look up, keep, keep looking up at him working his tongue against him, sucking—curling—lips over teeth not rough as he takes him four fingers deep-deep-deep holding his lips open drooling out the sides while Sherlock watches him lips parted pushes his hand in up to the ridge of his knuckles and keep, keep staring up at his lovely flushed face John tries to as he swallows-swallows around him, caressing him with the back of his tongue and his throat.
From here, John can't see it when Sherlock swallows but he watches the shift in his features and the lift of his chin and he thinks:
, who are not in the same fields and are also somewhat (in Fry's case: significantly) older.
Sherlock's damp wiry arm, tightening around his bare waist.
"Is there room?" Sherlock's voice is rough already: Christ.
John nods. If you were me. Sherlock's long fingers slipping alongside John's splayed fingers across his belly in low-tight circles as he nods looking up at him hollow and adoring, John nods, and nods, and nods. John nods and jerks him slow and steady as he rubs his belly the way he— "Now," Sherlock sighs. "Please." Drags his foot up to John's shoulder:
"Yeah," Sherlock gasps, "
; while Sherlock gasps. His body Sherlock's body: the inside of John's cheeks are wet, wanting; bending John sucks him half-bare back into his cavern-mouth.
"Easier," Sherlock says, admission-thick. A kiss.
John turns his face down. Breathes in.
And so—go, you. Go and you go and close-open-close-open half-dozen shining-limned doors to the. Grass. Side by side. Lying—with him, two together, by his side. Warm in the grass in the sun while—while the summer runs out, lie shoulder to shoulder wishing to be—different, freer-older. The piano in the living room playing—something. Unknown. For adolescent violinist and egotistical jackass a—sonata, or. Or just. Just something you fell in love to while—seventeen and I—didn't hear but would I would we would while whispering come come with me come on Sherlock while wishing, wishing back to be back one and two pressing together palm to palm and lip to lip melting in sunshine in the grass with the heavy-melting damp heat and
"People think of things as—as
"Hmm." Sherlock bends his face back down, nosing down into John's collar, just beside: it's sensitive. "That seems." John shivers. "Inefficient," Sherlock finishes.
, perhaps, if he'd been in a bad mood; or—or just
Sherlock comes back while John is doing the washing up.
it—and then he does, a long slap-stinging stripe prickling down through the layers of his skin. He sucks in a breath, shaky; and Holmes says, "Count them off, Mr. Watson."
"All right," John pulls back. "All right, that's it, I'm dying of thirst, I'm getting up"; rolling onto his side and then up. Sherlock's fingers trail down his back: shivery. Hot. John stands, Sherlock's body behind him like a magnet. A planet, with its own irresistible gravity: John has to force his shoulders to flatten as he pushes up to his feet. "What
Comes to rest.
"I know," Sherlock says, sounding very slightly offended.
"Oh, you know, beastly weather, annoying people," Sherlock says. "Manchester, essentially. Dodson's got this woman working for her, fancies herself a regular Vidocq." He pauses, then says, "But Mrs. Jameson's been released."
John swallows the last of his water. His whole mouth still stings.
Sherlock rubs his thumb against his mouth, then sets his tea back in the cupholder, and doesn't look up.
"I'm sorry," John whispers; and "No!" Sherlock nearly moans: an animal sound. "No," he says, more softly, "don't, I wouldn't've if I hadn't—," and then stops. There is a small noise sounding in his throat that John can only hear because his face is pressed up against it: over and over, wet and thick. John kisses the side of his Adam's apple. The underside of his jaw.
Marianne nods, very slowly. "I love my job," she says.
Before they leave he buys two pastries to take back to the flat; Mrs. Hudson, pointedly, says nothing. She does, though, give him a kiss on the cheek and a shockingly bright, beaming smile once he's escorted her back to the door of her flat. "Enjoy the rest of your weekend, my dear," she says, patting his face; and John smiles, a bit awkwardly, and says, "You too."
in Hackney—which I want to point out
"Tell me," Sherlock says, voice tight; and John shudders, gasps, "I'd let you, I want—you can—
Sherlock's shoulders hunch up, a bit.
He finishes his water. Tongues at the gap between two of his molars on the left: he'll have to floss. Then, slow, he reaches over and touches that little white jut of Sherlock's ulna, very light: and Sherlock lifts his head. His exhausted pale face.
, I can't, I have to." Swallowing: a high-desperate whine in his throat. "I can't," Sherlock whispers, "I have to stop": and nodding John rubs their noses together, curling his fingers against Sherlock's hot throat. "For a bit," whispers Sherlock, sounding—
?" He sounds prodigiously offended, but the corner of his mouth is twitching:
"Shh": John licks at his mouth—
"Ow," Sherlock says, half-whining but laughing anyway; and John presses his face down to Sherlock's shoulder, giggling helplessly. Sherlock mops at his face. Drops his serviette to the table to turn and kiss him: "I don't know why I
Sherlock is tugging at him. Pulling him—off, down to the—wet sheets and John shivers and shivers, curling—while Sherlock pets at his hair and kisses his face and his mouth and weaves their bodies together with his cock hot half-hard against John's hip and John pulls back, sits up, shivering stumbles to his feet and bends to grab his—his pants, his trousers are—doesn't matter, he—
"Because I want—Christ, I want him to be
Downstairs, Sherlock plays through the Ysaye again, then just a part of it. Then another: slowed down, eight measures at a time. Forward: a different eight measures. Another. Then back. Then another and another and another, over and over, every stretched-out straining interval scraping at the back of John's neck, until John realizes that he's getting cold standing in the doorway of his skinned bedroom with the jamb pressing lines into his cheek and his forehead listening to Sherlock playing—something entirely different,
"; "every part of you," John says, heavy, wetted through, as curled up panting against into around him with his smudged-melting green eyes Sherlock fucks up into his fist mouth moving no breath no voice no sound: "All those mes," John says, unsteady, "wanting—wanting all those yous, al-always"; and like a crack Sherlock's voice, lashes squeezing shut tight: "Oh—John—
"He'll've gone to Kensington, then," says John, "he doesn't need to be in Clapham to set them onto something," as he leans forward to tap on the partition. "So he'd've gone to Kensington, if he doesn't know he won't find her. Change of plans—Kensington," he tells the driver, who nods and re-closes the partition.
"It's all right," Sherlock says, pressing back. "I like it. Go to sleep."
John raises an eyebrow. "You're eating this week?"
John drops his hands. Sherlock's lovely off-kilter face is shifting before him, unfurling: open and yearning. A closed-in walled-off just-them expression, not particularly different for suddenly being seen from six feet away.
"That's not right, really, but I don't know how else to describe it," John says. "He—he's always trying to fuck me. All—all the time."
"He acted like," Sherlock says, and then stops.
"Is that," John unsteady asks, "why you get—upset?"; and Sherlock swallows.
He stops; and then laughs.
John inhales, slow; and then comes to take it, and sit back down.
"Ought to get something so I could just keep you here," Sherlock suggests. "Slap your arse apple-red," curling close, with his cock—
"I want to watch you," John whispers. Sherlock inhales: cool— "This time I want—please," John says, unsteady. "For me."
"Are you famous," John says, finally, "for your fancy turning toward Indian treasure?"
out today and Mikey's been sending us all their overflow, I rang him up and gave him a bit of an earful, but—"
Past the waitress behind Sherlock's back the boy doing the washing up is bent forward, listening, with his hair falling into his face. John looks back at Sherlock. Sherlock is eating steadily, hunched over the table.
—and says, "I like it," low and hot, "I like—I like that you'd—"
John pets. Pets. "For..."
"God." Sherlock swallows. Laughs, nearly, wrapping his free arm up under John's body to rub at his belly in time with his hand between John's thighs: John moans, squirming. Sherlock murmurs into his ear, "Never get anything done."
, Sherlock had said,
"Mr. Watson," Sherlock says.
"No," John says, very quietly. Squeezing: Sherlock's big, bony hand. "No, I don't want to stop."
Silent.
, he can't, mouth loose while all of him grinds together as two fingers still inside John's clenched-up electrified body Sherlock is dragging his cock out over John's tongue in a longthick—salty—wet—
," Sherlock gasps, fumbling with—with the lube, smearing his long hot thighs and pushing himself back until John groans, helpless, fitting himself between them as Sherlock tightens his knees, squeezing
John groans.
," and John swallows, an ache pressed into Sherlock's hard arm and then grinds out, "I—I do, I like it,
John pulls back. "Wait." Panting. Thumbs restless on Sherlock's hips as Sherlock lifts his head, mouth open, breathing fast and wet.
John clears his throat. Resettles his glass on the table. "That's not the lot of it, you don't think?"
"I." He waits for another shopper to reach past to grab his loaf of bread and bugger off and then says, more quietly, "I really did just want to buy you a drink"; and Marianne, mouth quirking up again, says, "Oh, I think you
Mrs Hudson had leaned over her kitchen table to rest a hand on John's arm. "It's best to let it be, John. If Sherlock isn't telling us, then it's probably with good reason."
“I’m sorry.” He breathed into her ear.
Sherlock looked at her with curiosity. He considered his answer very carefully before speaking to her in his baritone purr. “Yes I am Sherlock Holmes, also known as ‘that detective that jumped’. Although I am no fake and as you can see, clearly not dead. Now if you will excuse me I have somewhere very important to be which is not here with you enjoying your stimulating,” Sherlock put extra emphasis on this, the tone of sarcasm so clear in his voice that it was completely impossible to miss, “conversation.” He pushed past her. He was always one for manners, the result of being bought up in a rich, important family. However, Sherlock was not bothered with treating anyone who was prolonging his journey to 221B with the proper respects that he had been taught. He could almost hear his mother’s disapproving tutting.
Molly hit him over the arm again, although not as forcefully, just a playful tap, as if to remind him what she was capable of and snap him out of his current mood.
Sherlock walked quicker now, annoyed at the distractions that the people around him were presenting. He pulled his collar up, closer to his face, to stop the constant staring.
“So, why haven’t you been here? You’re just as qualified to take care of me as any of the imbeciles at the hospital that put on a coat and call themselves a doctor.” Mary laughed. John was very fond of her laugh, and he made a special effort to make her laugh just to hear it.
Sherlock exited the taxi as soon as they pulled up to 221, leaving John to – once again – pay the taxi fare, before following Sherlock into the building, up the seventeen stairs and into the living room of 221B.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice cracked with emotion, almost broken, and John realised how much Sherlock had hurt during his time away. Guilt bubbled hot an thick within John’s veins, spreading and filling him. John clutched tighter at Sherlock’s jacket. He brought one hand up to the riotous curls adorning the detective’s head, smoothing his hands through them, comforting Sherlock.
“And your fear of me leaving?”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and dialled the number he knew so well. It dialled briefly before the person at the other end picked up, as Sherlock knew he would. He always started work a 5.30am, so by 6am, Sherlock should be able to speak to him whilst having his full attention.
“Above you?”
Greg, however, was having absolutely none of it.
"Demanding my-"
It only took 4 of his long strides to cover the length of the room before he turned on his heels and began in the other direction. He needed to think, and as his favourite thinking spot on the sofa had been taken up, he settled on pacing the room instead. Everything Mrs Hudson had said to him replayed in his head, over and over again for what must have been hours. He still needed an answer to the problem of settling back into the routine, back to how it was before the fall.
He'd felt so helpless, unable to reach his wife as her body flailed out of control. He was lucky he was a doctor, for if he wasn't, he would never have known what to do. But John didn't want to be alone in this, especially now there were fits involved. John wanted more qualified people around her at all times. He also wanted her to be comfortable, and the hospice could provide all of this and more.
Sherlock dropped his hands and ran to the kitchen sink – there wasn’t enough time to make it to the bathroom – and threw up violently. His stomach seemed intent on emptying itself of all its contents, which wasn’t much. Sherlock continued to heave, his throat was burning, he felt dizzy – surely the room must have been spinning for him to feel like this.
The taxi pulled up and John got out, paid the fee and ran. Ran only a few metres before stopping and turning, looking in earnest for any sign of his best friend. He couldn’t see him, he wasn’t there. He could feel the panic rising in him, feel his heightened anxiety taking hold. It seemed as if I vice was squeezing around his chest, he couldn’t breathe. He opened his mouth to scream Sherlock’s name. But he remembered that they were supposed to be on the down low. He was helpless. He turned again and again on the same spot, searching frantically for any signs of Sherlock. Tears began to spill over and roll down his face as he became more desperate. He gasped in large quantities of air, but it didn’t seem to make any difference. The passers by were watching him with looks of concern, some even looked panicked. John’s mind was going fuzzy, his vision was blurring over.
“Unfortunately yes, sneered Sergeant Carter – Annalese – “now if you’ll excuse me I have something to discuss with Sergeant Donovan.” She promptly pushed past the men and exited the room, leaving the three men in silence behind her.
"You should have thought about that before you jumped off a building."
John looked back to Sherlock’s face. He looked so exposed, unprotected and weak. But that was okay, because they were Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and they could seen each other like this, and know that someone would always be looking out for them. His heart swelled with love as his eyes took in every aspect of Sherlock’s face, his beautiful, arching cheekbones that he wanted to take hold of with his surgeon’s hands and cradle them gently, his lush, cupid bow lips.
He removed his head from his hands, and found Mrs Hudson’s eyes. Before he knew it, he was telling her everything.
“After about nine months had passed, he looked at me one night and said
“It seemed that our first anniversary came around so quickly. We promised to take the day off from work to spend with each other.”
It was obvious.
“Of course.”
It was with these words that Sherlock resigned himself to a life alone. There would never be anyone else but John. Kind, beautiful, strong John, who forgave Sherlock, but only after believing that he was seconds away from death. Sherlock laughed at John’s reactions, but secretly he was reveling in what John had just admitted to him. Of course, it was by no means a declaration of love, but Sherlock had never been expecting one, but the admission put them on back on track to the friendship they had had before Sherlock had thrown himself off a building.
Sherlock felt a surge of possessiveness at these new thoughts. No, she could not be allowed to hurt John. No one should ever hurt his blogger. Sherlock would not let them. It was Sherlock’s job to…
“Yes you do.”
"I'm sure you are aware that I do not take kindly to strangers poking their noses into my business."
“He’s my friend, please he’s my friend. He’s my friend.”
“You’re a nurse, in fact you work at the same surgery as you’re husband, Doctor Watson-”
He had never thought of it in that way. John's grave. It made it seem all to real. It made it seem that John really had jumped from the roof of Bart's. That his best friend was so desperately unhappy that he chose to end his life rather that live and let Sherlock try to help.
It surprised Sherlock when his boyfriend picked up, it being 3am.
“CCTV footage?”
“Tell me. Now, Molly Hooper.”
“And what was that?” Sherlock’s voice was laced in genuine interest. Miss Hooper could have said a number of things to John that would have been of interest, but Sherlock needed to know this one thing. One statement that had changed John’s mind completely about their situation.
“Impossible, Molly, and you know it.”
Sherlock scoffed and turned to John.
Sherlock still took cases, still ran into the line of danger every now and again, but now he seemed more reserved, and he never did anything overly dangerous unless John was in close proximity. They were a team after all, and apparently the recent events had had at least some affect on the Consulting Detective.
John looked up from his book, a smile playing at the edge of his lips.
“What did you argue with Mycroft about?” John did not bother to ask how Sherlock knew what had happened.
“Can you turn this screen off?”
John kissed her hand, and finally Mary turned to face him. She’d looked so healthy the other day, not she looked drained. Maybe it was just John’s mind trying to find something physically wrong with her before he could accept the truth of the situation. Honestly, John just thought the diagnosis had drained the life from them both. The spark that once used to dance behind Mary’s eyes had disappeared. No smile graced her face, and her whole aura just seemed to flatten.
“I’ll be here.”
Returning to the present, John noticed that Sherlock was now sat in his chair, head dropped in his hands, still shaking. John moved to sit opposite him in his own cushioned armchair. If John was capable of processing any train of thought, he would probably have been amused at the role-reversal that had occurred between himself and Sherlock, as the detective was overwhelmed with emotion and John seemed incapable of processing any emotions.
“Well, you’d be wrong then.”
3 months was what they were told. 3 months left together, to be a married couple. They would never be parents, or grandparents. There would be no school-runs, or trips to the beach. No school plays or concerts. No afternoons in the sun as the children played in the park. No family holidays, no bedtime stories. They would never grow old together. John would never brush the greying hairs from Mary’s face as they enjoyed retirement. Their whole life together was being snatched away from them. 3 months.
Imaginary John looked fake affronted.
"A lot of things I do aren't healthy Doctor Watson, so why should this be of any concern?"
“Yeah. You’re entire face is lit up. You should smile more often, it suits you.” John grinned sheepishly up at Sherlock from his armchair as he’d said this.
He didn't wait for any reply or acknowledgement, choosing only to remove his hand, lean back and once again fold his arms across his chest. Behind Sherlock, John could see Mycroft end his call and make his way back to the seat. John cleared his throat.
He had arrived at school with a far wider knowledge of the world than the rest of his class. Young Sherlock found, that his abilities to deduce things by simply observing were a great entertainment to the other children, however, having never made any contact with children his own age and the fact that he found each and everyone of his fellow school-mates so stupid that they really weren’t worth his time, he found it incredibly difficult to make friends. And soon, the novelty of Sherlock’s incredible abilities wore off, and Sherlock’s life was filled with insults, cruel jokes at his expense and snide comments. He learnt to bear it, never showing just how much it had truly hurt. Eventually, he stopped displaying most emotions, becoming a shell of the boy that he had once been. That was when he was introduced to the doctors.
Lestrade coughed, interrupting the men and giving both a look, which was clearly meant to say “I give up on you, both of you,” before settling himself in his chair. He gestured to the two chairs opposite. Sherlock and John took their places, and tried to smother their laughter.
He pressed his lips against her fingers, as if this could make her better. He prayed for a miracle, for the doctors to come in and say they’d made a misdiagnosis and that Mary was fine, that he’d wake up and this whole ordeal.
"I told him that it was never a choice, that you'd always help him. You have a pathological need to take care of those close to you, John. Sherlock agreed." John agreed. He smiled fondly at the very accurate analysis. Only Sherlock Holmes could lose all memory of John and still be able to read him as well as his wife.
It was that or waste away, succumb to boredom and stagnation.
"It was the only way, John." He mumbled quietly, voice barely carrying on the wind." If we incarcerated him he would have only escaped, he would have always been a threat to us. This is the only way to ensure we're safe."
, John. Absolutely perfect. She was funny, polite, sophisticated and intelligent. God, John. Her mind was amazing. And my parents approved, even Mycroft approved of her. We were together for three years before we got engaged. We married very shortly afterwards. I've never seen anyone so beautiful as she was on our wedding day. Everything was perfect. Our marriage was perfect. We kept each other intellectually stimulated and we enjoyed each other's company. I was happy, John. Completely and utterly
. You're going to be late."
“I didn’t mean to suggest-”
in a row. Wow, someone’s
It had been over five months since John had died. Three weeks ago Sherlock had locked himself in 221B and had not emerged at all. Not even for a case.
Baker Street is where Sherlock had hidden himself away for the past week. It was a sacred place to him, a place that he hadn’t shared with Jason. Baker Street was for him and John.
John - the last of the weariness leaving his body - pulled himself into a full sitting position, looking Alvarez directly in the eye.
But with his eyes closed, all he could see was John on the rooftop, hear John's voice as they spoke on the phone.
John began to struggle again, determined to break free. It was a fruitless attempt and John heard the safety from the gun click. His heart rate began to accelerate his muscles tensed in anticipation of the bullet.
“And I love you. I love you so much Mary.”
Standing next to Lestrade was a young woman. John walked over to the both of them, his curiosity peaking. She was small, a few inches shorter than himself, with blonde hair in a loose bun that caught the sun and reflected gold, like a halo around her head. Her eyes were a royal blue, almost sapphire, and they were wide and round, making her face look young, innocent. She couldn't have been any older than 30 – and that was pushing it. She was wearing the blue overalls that identified her as part of the forensics team. Lestrade waved him over and introduced them.
This was not the first time John had had this conversation with himself. His dreams were so vivid, they always were. It was usually a relief to wake up from a dream to discover it wasn't real, especially if they involved the war. Buy more recently he had been dreaming of Sherlock, of the fall, of the hope that he might return. But John knew that wasn't going to happen, he was a sensible man with a desperate wish.
When he entered 221B, Sherlock was curled up in a tight ball on the sofa, surrounded by photographs. His eyes were red from the tears he was still shedding. He wasn't just crying, he was silently sobbing, his chest was heaving as he was trying to breathe, but he obviously couldn't control his tears.
"But, how did he do it? You saw him shoot himself in the head, right?"
They sat opposite each other at the dining table, sharing fond looks and reaching over to join hands as they ate their toast. There was a mutual understanding between them. John showered and dressed quickly, as there was a taxi picking him up at 11am to take him to Baker Street. He picked up his bag, which until then had been poised in the hallway, beckoning to John to get on with the task at hand.
"John, Sherlock, love, would like a cup of tea?"
There was a slight pause at the other end of the line as Mycroft processed the news.
Maybe, just maybe, they would be okay.
Sherlock looked out of the window. It was still light, so Sherlock knew John wasn't sleeping. He knew that John wasn't working at the clinic as he usually left a note for Sherlock telling him if he had been called in for a shift, and Sherlock couldn't find one anywhere in the flat. He was not out for drinks with Lestrade, as that is where he had been on the evening when Sherlock had most recently been admitted to hospital, and John did not like to spend tow nights out drinking in such close proximity. Sherlock also knew that John was not with Mrs Hudson in her flat, because both he and Mrs Hudson preferred to spend time together in their flat, rather than cramming all three of them into her significantly smaller living room.
John was now stood up, shaking. His whole body was tense and his face was flushed with colour. He was ready to explode, to scream every insult he new at the walking dead-man that stood before him. He wanted to throw every item he could get his hands on at that face, with his stupid cheekbones and permanently smug smirk. He wanted to beat the man within an inch of his life to show him how much pain he had felt over the past two months. He didn't care what that Adler woman said, the teeth and nose were the first ones that would get hit.
“Sherlock, what-“
"They're idiots, Sherlock, but they're not inhuman."
“Yes, Sherlock?
Then, he would stay with Sherlock until he had recovered enough to manage on his own. John had tried to convince himself that he was doing this for Sherlock’s benefit – Mrs Hudson would never have been able to take care of him fully. But a small, truthful voice in his head kept reminding him of why he was really doing it. Of course he wanted to help Sherlock, but anyone could have done it, Mycroft, Lestrade, Molly. But John wanted to do it, because he thought that if it was him taking care of Sherlock, that maybe, he might be able to remember his faithful blogger. John knew he was clutching at straws, but he was a desperate man. It was eating at him, killing him slowly from the inside, and that’s why John was doing this.
“Thank you.” John looked up. Sherlock had put his now empty cup on the table between them, and was leaning towards John, a look of absolute sincerity on his face.
"Mycroft, if you don't tell me what's wrong right this second I swear to God I'll-"
There was a trail of unexplainable warmth down Sherlock's cheeks as he screwed his eyes even more tightly shut. It was becoming more difficult to breathe. Air entered into his lungs in great gasps. The trail of warmth, Sherlock realised, were his own tears. He wasn't just crying, he was sobbing. His chest felt like is was trapped in a giant vice, and every time he tried to take another gasping breath it was pulled tighter. It was not in his mind, it was a physical pain. His stomach rolled and cramped as another sob wracked through his body. He wrapped his arms around himself. His head dropped so he was completely curled in.
“So explain to me. I’m not stupid, John. If I was, do you think Sherlock would put up with me so much, let alone ask me for help?”
Sherlock refused to react.
. That's why I got into drugs. I wanted to forget, I wanted the pain to
It would take every once of his intelligence, Sherlock was sure. But he was ready.
“For how long?” Sherlock looked slightly above John’s head so as not to meet his eyes. John obviously still hoped that Sherlock would be coming back alive. Sherlock could not bear to reveal the truth to him.
"Hardly a reason to pursue a relationship. Imagine me trying to start a relationship whilst still trying to get over your death. Recipe for disaster. Sounds like something you would do if it were the opposite way round."
John remained silent, unable to find the courage to speak.
Sherlock glared at the woman with what John could only describe as a burning desire for her to be the next victim of a clumsy serial killer. The look even sent shivers down John’s spine. The woman shifted uncomfortably where she stood.
It was completely different from when John had sat here waiting for Sherlock to return from hospital after the accident. Then, John had felt a leaden weight in his stomach, convinced that nothing he did would help Sherlock in the slightest.
“Not yet.”
Sherlock knew what Molly was doing. The blanket, the tea, the looking at him with a certain amount of cautiousness that meant she thought he was going to have another breakdown at any second.
“Mrs Wat- Mary, if you will allow me to speak to you in private, I can explain everything. I do not wish to intrude on your home life for long, I know that John wants to spend every minute he can with you. But if I could just borrow you for only a few minutes, I would be extremely grateful.” Mary looked at Sherlock, and an understanding seemed to flow through them. John watched Sherlock carefully. What on Earth could he possibly want Mary for? He turned to look at Mary, waiting for her reply.
Every eye in the room was trained on him, looking expectant. “Sorry, what?” he asked, looking quizzically at his best friend, also staring at him. A young woman sat three rows back stood up and cleared her throat.
‘Son, running from your problems is never the answer. You’ve got to face them like a man, and tackle them full-on.’
‘What if he doesn’t turn up? What if he’s left me again? What if his taxi crashed? Or his cabbie was yet another homicidal psychopath? What if, what if, what if?’
The walls were covered form ceiling to floor in paper, evidence. It reminded John of their own evidence wall back in Baker Street. No smiley faces or bullet holes adorned these walls however, just photographs, reports, statements etc.
Sherlock decided. And it might pain him to do this, and it may very well end his friendship with John for good, but it was necessary.
Lestrade was already moving around the flat, tidying the papers that littered the floor. And the desk. And the kitchen table. Pretty much every available surface. Lestrade moved into the kitchen, and out of Sherlock's vision.
But John would be happy. Sherlock reminded himself of this everyday, and it was this thought that kept Sherlock from running away and avoiding the whole thing altogether.
John’s face was softer, the hint of a smile playing around his lips. His talk with Molly had confirmed what he must have known all along. Sherlock was back, and he was never leaving again. But there was a difference between hearing the words come from the mouth of Molly Hooper, than hearing the words come form Sherlock himself.
Sherlock sat himself down at the table with John seated in the chair opposite. He did not talk. He needed to think. It seemed that the game was continuing - with neither Sherlock or Moriarty actually dying after the face-off on the roof of St Bart's - and Sherlock could tell that it had become significantly more dangerous, but not for him. But for the man sat across from him.
I'm trying, Molly. No-one wishes for my brothers happiness more than I. Please understand. It'll only take a little while longer. - MH
Mary was glad for the visits. Obviously she loved having John there all the time – a comforting constant in a world that was spiraling out of control – but she enjoyed hearing about the lives of others. John guessed that it was to take her mind off of the fact that she didn't really have a life anymore.
A slim, suited figure blocked his way to room 207. A figure who had told him John was dead, had let him believe he was dead.
He couldn’t stop the tears as he recalled the worst minutes of his life.
John’s eyes snapped open. He knew Sherlock was right, of course he was.  He could practically hear Sherlock’s brain whirring, figuring, calculating. He watched him with intent. John liked to just watch Sherlock when he was thinking. He often tried to figure out what thoughts must be running through the genius’s head. It was fascinating.
Gasping. Sparked. Stings. Sherlock's dark-round all-pupil eyes his mouth his mouth his mouth: gulping air John tips his forehead to Sherlock's forehead, breathes. Breathes. Looking down at Sherlock's long white hand on his cock. Tugging him up: slow. Inside him hot-hard barely moving (he'd feel it, he must feel it, whenever) John shivers as Sherlock pulls him back down slick-shining and bared. Welling up: John gasps. Blinking hard. Sherlock inhaling long slow-slow sliding his hand back upover the head of John's lead-heavy aching cock. A tremor, starting somewhere down deepinside him. Resonant his bones. Sherlock rubs him down slow
Breathe.
So John has no reason to—to make more of it than it is. Does he. He could just—be a little angry. Couldn't he.
"John," Mycroft says, very low, "Where are you?" and John—'s ribs and his eyes which—shut tight. And.
He can still feel Sherlock's pulse, pounding up through their skin. Sherlock's arms pressed down holding tight across his folded arms.
John swallows. "I told her," he says, unsteady, "that you might take offense." Nose prickling. Mouth pulling down.
want a partner, months and months and months and months before it'd occur to him to want that partner to be Sherlock. And then at some point in between Janeka had put a hand on his knee, and John had wanted to kiss her, so he'd kissed her: it'd felt good. A month later Cal had insulted him and John'd wound up sucking him off in Cal's fucking Audi: that'd felt good, too. It'd been such a crushing, inconceivable relief: to realize, then, last summer, that none of it had been a delusion; and that he would never have to do it all over again; and then it'd been a relief of—of an entirely different kind, to meet Paul: who—who had been—who had been the first sodding person in—in fucking
I normally do a lot more background research than I talk about, for this story, but for this particular section—
"God." John inhales. Long. Slow. Reaching his right hand down to Sherlock's left where it is caressing his leg. He tangles their fingers up together, holds on tight, while Sherlock pets at the ring of his arsehole stretched open and tight-tight-tight, rocking at the toy with his thumb.
who John'd thought—
"I mean, I should be," John says. "I do know how selfish it is that I—here I am, shagging my best friend, who—who has, possibly, a really awful abusive past that he's never—handled, that may have left him terribly scarred, that still—that still may be
John brea—tries to—he can't—and then Sherlock gasps and shifts and
"Errands," John asks. Quiet.
grateful; and then,
decide, this  is
He has to pull back to do it. Pushing them down unhook them from the head of his half-hard cock. Sherlock is watching him, transparent, rolled half onto his back: wriggling seamlessly out of his pants while John is still trying to kick his all the way off his clumsy feet. Sherlock is hard: it seems so unurgent; John is jealous. He rolls back up onto his right side, Sherlock curling into him facing on his side. Skin close, out of focus: John touches the edge of his odd unlovely beautiful face. Coaxes a curl back from his skin.
"How to make it last," Sherlock says, and opens the box.
, which he doesn't. "I can tell you a little," John says. "Not much. Um—their names, their real names, probably, are um—Gabrielle Adeline, Matt Cooper, and Raj Chabra—the baby is Gabrielle and Matt's, I gather. I don't know the baby's name, Sherlock thought it wasn't relevant." It's true enough. Steadying: John takes a breath. "Sherlock's gone to track down current aliases," he says. "He thinks he has—a source, I understand. Of some kind. For that information." Nothing, however, that John can give, just now, to Greg.
"Just chair," corrects Tom, voice grim; and Marianne says, "Oh, bollocks, he's been promoted, hasn't he?" One of the bottles has made its way over to John again, so he leans across the chair to his right to pass it to Tariq, who passes it to Natalie, who hands it to Denise, who tops up Rhoda's wine.
: and eyes prickling John presses his face to Sherlock's skin breathing him in and in and in. Sherlock lying flat on his back spread open and opening unfurling for him with need and so. So John's chest would—it is aching. He breathes and he feels it; it aches.
John drops his hand. "More tea?" he asks, pushing up to his feet; and Sherlock takes a breath, leaning back so that John can take his empty plate.
John wakes up by himself in the dark, but with the duvet from Sherlock's bed draped haphazardly over him and the flat smelling strongly of lemon and basil. Everything is quiet. He can barely even hear the street. It's strange, really, with all the windows closed. Feels like there could be—nothing, outside.
"Can you reach up to the sink?" John asks, quiet.
Sherlock, would be expected to dance so then he would dance, wouldn't he. This is all—something that John understands. And so is that him, then? Triangulated? A Sherlock who smoked weed and cigarettes and pretended to drink more Dutch lager than he actually really swallowed while carving out the circuitous boundaries of this new imagined person that he was being at the time and then—then did—whatever he had to, to build him: breathed into him, inhabited him, made him real and life-size and believable enough to get the lot of them bashed into prison somewhere in the month between that snapshot and the moment, a month later, when, in response to an unknown number of images sent from his cock of a brother with excessive access to London-area CCTV, he had fled, on a moped, to Rouen.
John laughs, a little awkwardly. Nat's finally got the girl who does the takeaway at the café to ring her back and Rhoda has been seeing an accountant for going on the last six months: a kindly, soft-spoken sort with a receding hairline, from the little John has seen of him; who brings her flowers, she's said, who adores her children, snorts when he laughs. They're both... oh,
"So," Sherlock says. Voice thick. "If you aren't going to leave." John scratches at the base of his skull and he shivers, pressing into John's leg. Shoulders hunching. He doesn't, however, seem to have much of anything to add, to that.
John can feel his face moving about. He doesn't really know what it looks like, but Sherlock laughs, short and breathless, and then lies down back close tight touching and kisses John's cheek. "Wouldn't really address the fundamental problem, anyway," Sherlock murmurs, into the little hot sliver between their faces, with his mouth tipped into a blurred and lopsided smile; and John swallows and tightens his arms around his back.
with Sherlock squirming between him and the wall making little hot delicious noises,
"Yeah," John whispers, brushing fingers-palm down fair hair leading down Sherlock's belly scraping the inside of his wrist, "yeah, I—" and then rubs, breath-quivering soft, at the little furred hollow dip of his navel.
Beside him Sherlock nods. "I worked as a sous chef," he says, "for a bit."
"Please," Sherlock says; they could be discussing another cup of tea. Pulse in his palms throbbing one-two one-two, John knees up and slides over, settles back down at Sherlock's side. The button at his waist feels far too tight, so he slips it open. Sighs. Looks over at the laptop screen, which is, both inexplicably and offensively, showing the Daily Mail.
from Sherlock, so other, so very much an unconnected thing: something fun and light but most importantly just in-between, a palate cleanser to separate, for John, the various things that actually mattered: their cases, and their messy flat, and Sherlock's freckles, his newly elaborate apologetic home cooking. If he were becoming a better person, John thinks, he might've made that as a choice—but is he?
Crouched over Sherlock John takes a deep, slow breath and Sherlock asks, very low, "Are you all right?" and John swallows, saying, "Yeah," unsteady, "yeah—can you, I want you to—I want you to—," and quietly Sherlock says, "Open the lube for me." So John opens the lube. He rocks his weight back to sit up and opens the lube while Sherlock is giving his arse squeeze after slow, rhythmic squeeze and knelt up above him John's cock pearls up at the tip, and drips down onto Sherlock's pale thigh. "I," John says, and then laughs. "I'm going to—," he says, and then stops. Swallows. Again, and again.
Sherlock says, "She hated it, if you find that at all reassuring," and then, flushing, looks down and away, eyes sliding to the side.
A tone transferred ringing from glass to glass: John swallows, caught on his note.
"Yes," Sherlock says, at last.
He wants him—to be here, he wants him—
"All right, so not sexually, then," George returns, equably. "Any unwanted cadaver limbs in the sink? Violin at three in the morning? Or?"
"All right," Sherlock says, washed up so near; and then, "I said, I'll be down in a minute," tilting his mobile back to his mouth, because he still hasn't rung off listening switchboard row tilted heads Chloe keyhole listening velvet drapes but he does, then, finally. When John breathes their ribs touch, almost. Sherlock's eyes are very dark, and very soft, and very wide. He slides his mobile into his trouser pocket with one long, white hand.
; a person who perhaps finds himself disconcerted enough, perhaps, after this morning, perhaps, after yesterday, at just past ten in the morning of a Sunday, to run from John again, just for a moment; and to forget to unmount his hard drives.
, but—but I'd let you know that I hated it," John says, and his voice wobbles, and then cracks.
"Yes," Sherlock agrees; and John nods and pushes back up to his feet.
"If you and Sherlock caught your bad guy," Natalie says.
"Yeah." John swallows. "I didn't entirely mean that you had to stop."
"All right," John says, quiet; and Sherlock lets him tilt his head under the water. Guide his face down, his one ear up; then the other, as Sherlock slides his palm down along John's forearm, back up the side, as slow as the tides.
"I want," John manages, with his quarter-lungful of breath, "you to do—everything you want," spiral-twisted purple-edged laughter, "anything—Sherlock—s'lovely," looking dizzily up at his glowing red sweaty face as John explains, "everything you do to me," and Sherlock makes a little hot noise and his—his hand—swelling up huge-to-bursting inside John's neon green fireworks body as John grabs at the head of his own cock groaning as Sherlock gasps and wraps his free hand around John's hand on him and John whimpers. Sherlock touching him so tenderly inside while their fingers interlace around his red prick— "Lube," John asks, and so Sherlock hands him the lube and John flips the cap and pours it into Sherlock's left hand and all over his too so that Sherlock can wrap his wet fingers around John's cock and hold him, how sweetly he holds him while gasping for air John—just reaches—down, and—
John doesn't follow. It must show on his face because Sherlock's expression settles into something improbably earnest, and he asks, "If you'd like, I could hit you with something else."
"The whole first year I lived with you," John says, and then laughs: too high, manic; and presses his forehead to the knob at the top of Sherlock's spine; Sherlock says, "John," strung tight with desire and still so careful of him,
—and then all at once peels himself soft open easy for Sherlock as he wants to be soft-open-easy for Sherlock as he is in his brain and his heart and his bones softopeneasy for Sherlock and his moods and his ego and his uncertainty his sweetness his red face and lovely eyes and
Sherlock inhales, slow. Then twists, just: winding their bodies together, sliding his arm around the backs of John's shoulders. Nudging his mouth up to John's for a soft, soft damp kiss.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. Doesn't move.
"I ate all the duck," John admits, and Sherlock sticks his icy fingers down John's collar. "Augh! Jesus!"
: "There's been a bombing," John explains: a twitch: his twanging—spine—and: "More than one. And Sherlock—he has a lead, a photograph, it's—him with these Americans, with." He takes a breath. "One of them's got a grudge, he thinks. From when he was—and. And he thought Lucy Matley would be able to. To help." Hollow: he rubs at his cheek, which is—ages, behind him "with." and. "With. their names."
, so close to him: John dizzy, Sherlock laughing too hard to get air.
Sherlock is bending back over his tea, rubbing at the seam of the cup, looking at nothing. After a minute John twists to rest his aching temple against the window.
A laceration, that thought: hot in his throat and his ribs, and John ought to be sectioned for the way it shoves his blood boiling all over through his too-small suddenly tightening body, but he feels as huge with it as he'd felt for Sherlock with the cane. He touches Sherlock's pointed chin, and his hands don't shake; and what does it matter, really, if everything inside him has been tossed to the floor, if he can still be gentle, when he wipes Sherlock's face.
John's breath—he gasps. Pushes back—can't m—but rocking and rocking until tongue loosened he moves, has to—moving his mouth but he—can't, no sound—
that changed? All John knows was that it was not a joke in November and it was not a joke either at the end of June so now John breathes in because Sherlock'd never wanted to hurt anyone, and John, breathing out, knows that. Everything Sherlock'd done between 2012 and 2014 he'd done trying to protect John, breathing in; and it'd failed, breathe out, and this Sherlock, John's Sherlock, knows that. Doesn't he. If he got himself killed chasing a madman it'd destroy John and Sherlock knows that and he promised John who is steadily breathing, so Sherlock won't, so he won't—he won't go after madmen alone again,
Sherlock's eyes are very dark. Beneath John's body, his ribs expand.
John nods. "Yeah, in the end he gave that one to me."
Close up wide-eyed, Sherlock nods.
. He always does.
"No, I've got to go back to the office, but Wilson should be there," Greg says. "Donnell wants their team to stay on as lead on that one—especially since she still isn't happy with Sherlock's ability to liaise with the Met more broadly than just me—and honestly, if he
John nods. Swallows. Up-down. Up-down. Thinking:
," so John doesn't stop. John puts himself back lips-tongue and opened wide for Sherlock to fuck him opener with his knees aching coldwet with gravel and his body straining all his seams and brick-scraped his hands folded up held tight holding tight where they are squeezed-squeezing tight Sherlock's pinned hands. Sherlock's throat—cracked,
"Christ, it's like a salon in here," John sighs, rifling through a half a rainbow of silky matte bottles with the price stickers all still on—
"Yeah." John tops up the hot in the sink, then turns off the taps.
John inhales: sweat. Sherlock nuzzling him like that: he could go back to sleep. "Are you hungry?" he asks.
"What?" John asks, quiet. "What do you—": but Sherlock shakes his head.
It feels—here and now it feels like a memory, nearly; but—
His mouth.
"It can be a method of dissociation, too," George says; and John sighs.
: a key. Enough. "Any of it," Sherlock is adding, unsteady, "I didn't know how—how much I'd like being—being at the edge," and then takes a bone-deep breath: "with you."
"Oh," John says, and then shifts. "I—I thought I was to have forgotten—"
He stops.
The ragged purple smears of his eyeliner. His pupils, huge. The little shadowy space between their faces, hot. John hurts all over for him.
John lick-lick-licks overflowing held still by Sherlock above him as he had been held fast and ready with Sherlock next to him at his side beside him breathing hard lit up in amber, his hair limp with sweat at the roots.
"Six and a half minutes?" John asks. "Do you keep time?"
"I want to," Sherlock says finally. His voice is very low: it echoes, a bit, with something very far in the back of John's mind, when Sherlock says, "to—stay, like this, for—just for a minute," and John swallows.
Ridiculous. His face still feels hot. It oughtn't. It oughtn't. The waitress, a blandly pretty adolescent girl with dirt brown hair, has her back to them, elbows flat on the window into the kitchen, chatting up the boy doing the washing up. Her right foot is tucked up onto its toes, the heel of her pink trainers flexing away from her sole as she fails to pay any attention to them at all.
"Well, thanks," John says, a little off-balance.
Hesitant. Not quite, John knows, confused.
"Sorry," John says. "Shit. Christ, that wasn't fair—I don't." He breathes. Breathes. Tilts the crown of his head back against the cool window, and breathes in, deep, as he closes his eyes.
is gone, stepping out of the shower to dry off with Mrs. Hudson's horrible pink and purple floral towel, rubbing his hair and his face and his back and his arse while John is still paralyzed under the spray of the shower wondering—wondering if he really—did he just fucking
John knows better, but he holds out his hand to shake on it, anyway.
"No chance he's not planted the bomb yet, is there?" Sally asks Greg.
After a moment, he murmurs, "This is nice." Inhaling in all the round familiar smells of Sherlock's skin.
