"I followed an omega here, turns out I scared him." John looks even angrier, he supposes the omega is a regular he knows. "I - he's my true mate. I smelled him from downwind and I had to reach him before he got away."
Castiel sighs. He really doesn't want to get into a second fight already on this date. "We can leave."
"I enjoyed it that way too. As an excuse to get my hands all over you." Dean tells him.
"Oh. Didn't save your number." Dean mumbles.
The whole point of this trip was to occupy him, but he's fallen into a habit of thinking too much now. Even the food isn't enough of a distraction.
Sam sighs. "Yeah. They have HBO!"
"Just as friends." he reminds him, taking a seat at the kitchen table.
Sam reads it over. His brow wrinkles, and he looks over at Dean, then back at the paper. "Uh... "
"Ah yes, the bounty hunting. It's been two weeks, a lot has changed."
"Anyway, it doesn't matter. Good news: Castiel said I don't have to do it anymore." Dean tells him.
Dean looks around and focuses, but the repetition just sounds normal.
"I hate you."
"You looked... kinda sad for a second."
"Then I'll take it." he announces, and the older couple chatter happily about arrangements and moving dates and whatnot, while something in Castiel settles.
He finds it after a few minutes, "Alohomora" written on it confusingly in permanent marker.
He trails off, then fixes Castiel with a sad look. "I'm infertile, Castiel. Completely."
His mother has always very practical, but it hurts to hear the depth of her indifference.
"Hmm. A little high." the doctor frowns. "Are you worked up about anything?"
He texts Balth about the idea, who replies "Absolutely not, he'll think you're trying to guilt him."
Dean shrugs "Guess I'm just real comfortable with my sexuality."
After a while he instinctively pulled up to a motel. He blinked, wondering why there were motels in Heaven, but realized that he must've conjured one up.
In college, he'd been perceived as a child of privilege. He was one now, he supposed. Quite a few people had taken initiative to introduce themselves and befriend him, particularly one British beta named Balthazar. He annoyed Castiel at first, partly because he called him "Cassie" and seemed pompous, and also because he outright said that Castiel was a great networking opportunity. He joked that he knew they were fated to be friends because they both had biblical names.
"Where's Sam?"
They were best friends after that. He's 22 now, but Castiel had never had a best friend before, and he hoped that Balth's promise to stay in touch and stay friends would prove true.
Dean blinks slowly and lays back on the couch.
Castiel frowns. "I would never."
He picks up a pencil and writes about it: bar hopping with Crowley, drunken karaoke, meaningless sex, murder.
"A friend of yours?"
Dean laughs bitterly. "Funny 'cause I think those pills are what got me killed, you know. They made me a little slower. Not that much, just enough to matter in a fight, it turns out."
"Whoa!" Sam says, putting his hand on Deans shoulder to make sure he didn't move. "This was a bad one, Dean. You're gonna be stuck in bed for at least one more day, then take it really easy for a while."
"Yeah. You saying he didn't really?" Dean asks, slightly disappointed.
"I didn't realize." Cas says sadly.
"I... you don't have to do that."
"Yes, and I think it's the most honest you've ever been in your life." she concludes.
"Yeah, Lady Gaga's Born This Way was what I woke up to."
"... no."
He settles into an armchair, and listens to Dean's breathing steady out. He'll keep an eye on him overnight, he decides.
Castiel is mildly curious what on earth John could have to say for himself, so he says "Fine." and sits on a patio chair. John joins him.
He hurries to the car park exit, and catches sight of gold hair and a brown leather jacket turning a corner. He follows, and find himself on a less reputable looking street, no omega in sight.
8pm rolls around, and Castiel shows up to a run-down duplex. John welcomes him in, and shouts up to Dean to finish up getting ready. John's leaving to meet some friends at a bar, apparently.
Castiel shakes his head. "Don't be silly, you're my true mate. If you can't have kids then I guess I'm not meant to have kids."
"Damn..." Dean swallows. It's a hell of an offer, and he can't deny it's a little intriguing.
"Well, I went to college." he explains with a smile. "My friend Balthazar used to throw parties somewhat often."
"No, the first song was - huh. There was a weird request, actually."
He tries to sit up and groans with pain.
"Well too bad, Cassie... " Dean says, then frowns. "No, you can't be
His eyes widen. "He's connected to the Hellhound gang? Holy shit, this is a
"Okay. And you misheard those?"
"I want a house." he says, half chuckling, but while his step-father joins in, his mother doesn't seem to be amused.
Cas just stands there, with his cute confused expression that Dean would normally find so charming, but frustrates him even more right now.
Dean wakes up to the sound of a heart monitor, the familiar smells and sounds of a hospital room.
"I'm so goddamn mad at you." Dean says, as he pulls him into a tight hug.
Triggers:
It's quite the dark story, he thinks as he flips through. The main suspect was described as an alpha who smelled like sulphur. It seems that after the murder, John became obsessed with finding the killer and started investigating.
"That's brilliant! I'm so happy for you, when's the ceremony?"
cause you're here to try to force my brother to be your mate!" he growls.
"I won't." Dean snaps.
Dean frowns. "So I'm just gonna hang around being cursed?"
Dean looks at him, surprised. "Like for real, trying not to wake me? Or a roleplay thing? Kinky, Cas."
He grabbed a beer and sat on the armchair, trying to think of what to do. Find Cas?
Castiel closes his eyes. "Well, you're an exception."
////////////////////////
"Hmm. I kind of expected this to be a trick." Dean says after a minute.
Dean swallows. "I'm sorry Sam. I just didn't want to go out scared and crying. You know I'll never leave you behind on purpose, right?"
He'd never admit it to Sam but as vain as he is, the occasional implication that he had 'feminine features' had always made him uncomfortable.
"Never thought about it like that." Sam said. "But maybe this is... good? You have time and there's not that much going on."
Dean drunk dials Castiel, who comes over to make sure he's safe, and Dean flirts a little
? "But not an alpha. You're all... instinct-driven and domineering. It's bad enough with my dad, let alone a mate."
He frowns at the article, which starts off explaining that 'gender exists on a spectrum' and that the official definition of "bisexual" varies, apparently.
He searched for "
Dean reminds himself.
But Dean doesn't deny it. "I don't care, dad! You can't just give me off to some stranger cause of biology!"
"Alright." he decided.
"For us. It's on for my boys." Naomi glares.
Castiel wants to say he won't, but reminds himself it's a hypothetical. "You could give me your number if you want. Or I can message your father."
"He says he's your true mate." John frowns. "I can tell he isn't lying, his scent's so loud and happy and excited... just like when I met your mom." he adds somberly.
He sighed, turning his old songs on, feeling more at home.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel continued to be different. He'd not been great at interpreting facial expressions and body language, but now he was also expected to read people's scents to the same degree. His lack of understanding was even more noticeable, and came across as a lack of care. He stepped on toes accidentally if he didn't realize someone was angry, causing other alpha boys to fight him.
He sits with his group, and notices Charlie sitting with her own department, engaged in a serious debate, probably about IT.
They offer him tea. As he sits at the kitchen table, in his mind's eye a sleep-ruffled Dean sits across from him with a mug of coffee in morning light, smiling softly.
"- so I was trying to catch up to him to talk to him -"
Castiel is surprised again.
"Don't worry sweetheart, I'll be gentle." Mick jokes, which for some reason only makes Dean more nervous.
"Dad?" Castiel hears a lovely voice ask.
Naomi puts down the papers. "That kind of radical honesty, though... it will probably be very disruptive."
"I'm NOT doing it anymore. None of it helped!"
"He attacked me. I'm not hurting him." Castiel explains, and Dean slows down a bit, scenting the air which Castiel knows must reek of Sam's anger but not his own. "He just needs to submit."
specific about this kind of situation."
"I... is there some reason you don't want to be mated, Dean?" A thought occurs to him. "How old are you? I assumed you were at least 18."
"Was the breakup as awkward as I imagine?" Jo asks him.
"Go ahead and look for houses. There's a real estate agent on Firth street that owes me, she'll get you a great deal."
"... uh." Dean says eloquently. "Is that... really necessary?"
"Hey, that's mine!" Castiel insists.
"I do." Naomi smirks. "It's gratifying to finally feel... sure of you. And yes, I'll sleep next to you. I want you to see what you can do about the snoring though."
curse? You piss off any gay ghosts lately or something?"
Castiel is shaken. Surely Dean can smell him in the same room? Was he wrong? Are his alpha instincts defective in more ways than he knew?
Castiel shuts his mouth and nods.
"Would it be suspicious if I changed my last name?" Castiel grumbled. "I don't want his name attached to me."
Dean thinks.
He catches her eye as he turns, and smiles, but she looks away uninterested.
"I don't think it's working out with Dean."
"Honestly, it got me hot every time." Dean admitted. "I don't always get turned on by that kind of thing, but the way you did it, not trying to hurt me, just put me in my place, that was so good. Wanted you to hold me down."
"I'm happy for you two." he says. "So, could he have picked up on it?"
He decides to ignore it unless other symptoms come up.
John looks to Dean. "You. Co-operate. Give this guy a chance. That's an
Castiel blinks. "You know."
"And got drunk?" Sam asked.
"Good morning, darling. Your assignment for today -" Crowley says in his usual, smarmy way "- is to write an essay called 'What I did during my demonic vacation'."
He also decides to change his last name. Novak, it's symbolic meaning "new man". A little obvious, but he likes the sound of it.
Michael huffs, and leaves the room, likely not wanting to upset their benefactor.
"He's your true mate! Do you know how lucky you are, you ungrateful brat?" John growled.
"So, " he says as he parks outside Dean's place. "I think that went okay."
you?" Naomi surprises him with her open anger. Castiel's not used to his mother being so freely emotional. Her attitude during arguments is usually curt and overly assertive, giving orders not by demanding but by stating what she expected to happen as if it were inevitable. "I do my best, I had to parent three alpha boys alone while trying to be an omega, I - my whole life, I've had to work so hard -"
Naomi smiles at Crowley when her son is gone. "Thank you. Dear."
".... I guess it's research." Dean mutters.
He starts to doze off, and finds himself wondering if Mick will bathe him again tomorrow, and feels a little bit of eagerness.
Dean has just finished his terrible hospital dinner when a man in scrubs comes into his room, wheeling a trolley.
"Do you still
Dean curses under his breath, angrily scrambling the eggs. "Must be some professional... god-fucking-dammit. Well, that's no good anyway, it's not gonna make Sam feel better to hear his dad's off chasing a serial killer."
Castiel frowns. "I don't know what to
"Yeah, well..." Dean hesitates. "I guess it's just good to see you again. Despite everything. I never got a chance to say thanks for taking one for the team. You surprised us."
Dean was annoyed with Sam. He finally made it to Heaven, and what does he do after they get in Baby? Ask about Cas.
Castiel nodded. "As for Dean, I don't judge him for his past or what his father made him participate in. I just feel sad he's been through so much... he's very strong, it seems."
He stiffens when a cold, wet, gloved finger touches his entrance, and the doctor spreads lube around in a way that reminds Dean way too much of prepping a girl for anal stuff.
"Why should I be the only one suffering?" Dean retorts, but stops the video and closes the window. "But what's weird is that I find it hot!"
"I was drunk out of my mind." he retorts.
They drive into Esbon, Kansas.
The guy reminds him of Benny a bit, not just because of his accent, and blue eyes, but his build too. A real man's man.
, he's not gonna give up after one date."
John Winchesters voice suddenly rings in his head.
Castiel looks back and forth at them. "But see, you two aren't typical."
"No, it's... " he explains the entire encounter to them, and they look troubled.
Dean thinks.
He looks over to Castiel. "I came to congratulate you on the new name."
"Yes you did. That's why you don't want to tell Crowley, isn't it?" he realizes. "Can't have him knowing you put out a defective one."
Dean's desk is a student's desk. He's only vaguely aware that he isn't a child or teen. Everything seems vaguely fuzzy.
Castiel sighs. "I... know. But what was I supposed to do? Walk away from the omega fate itself marked out for me?"
"I really do. And she's right, it's probably good for your alpha for you to listen to it."
Castiel stares after her, baffled. "I didn't mean to upset her." he says to Crowley. Naomi usually took this kind of thing as an opportunity to explain boundaries to her youngest son when they came up, treating missteps as learning opportunities.
Dean took a breath. "Okay..." he said with restraint. "Do you have
"Jesus Christ." John says. "First off, this isn't an
"Lucifer agrees, but Michael will argue if you say that in front of him." She tells him. "He was closest with your father, and couldn't accept that he abandoned us. I think until my bite greyed out he truly expected him to walk back in the door someday with some tale of kidnapping or something like that. I think he's still in denial that he left voluntarily."
Castiel leans against the counter, watching him cook, and he tries not to think about how domestic it feels. "I take it you don't actually plan to hang out then."
He even has to do a little quiz at the end, which he finds quite silly but he supposes there's reasons for it.
"I don't want a damn courtship." Dean says angrily.
He'd thought about telling him, as time went on and he realized how he felt himself, that he loved him too, but he wanted to say that to the angel's face, not whisper it into the sky not knowing if it was even being heard. It would just hurt too much.
A less funny first chapter to set up the story.
"Why not?"
The article said men who thought they may be bi could try watching erotica/porn -
"And another thing, -" Balth interjects "I'm tired of you talking about omegas like you know a damn thing about them. Have you ever even had an omega friend?"
"Oh." Cas says, relaxing a little. They stand together, and Dean rubs small circles into Cas's back until he feels his anger and stress finally melt away into tiredness. Emotional tiredness, anyway, this being Heaven and all.
Dean's still too injured to get on his hands and knees, so the doctor has him lay on his side.
Sam blinks at him. "It's something embarrassing, huh?" A grin spreads over his face.
John nods. "Well, fair enough, I did the same. Probably not as thorough as yours, though. Your daddy has a lot of resources and connections to work with. What I'm wondering is, is that why you don't want to see my son anymore?"
"So, uh, there's something weird going on." Dean begins.
"What? Alphas don't adopt. They don't even want stepkids."
Triggers at the bottom
"Fuck."
His mother's scent spiked with antiseptic. "And that smell is guilt. I fear this is partially my fault, Castiel. I struggled with my omega instincts even before Chuck. And I've raised you with lies, which may be why you failed to learn to pick up scents."
"Cassie." his friend sighs. "You can't let yourself spiral, okay? Tell me something positive."
He forced Michael to submit, adrenaline thrumming at his first real fight since he'd been an almost freshly presented teen. He'd won. "Don't you ever talk about our mother like that again." he growled.
:"You mind if I take a nap?" Dean says.
, but not just for the date, for everything, I don't know."
"You know... it must have been my big scary alpha brother challenging him that scared him off." Dean teased.
He changed it to "
"Get in here son, this guy's on the level. He practically reeks of sincerity."
"You'd be fine even if I did." John waves his hand. "He's your true mate, plus he smells about as aggressive as a golden retriever."
Castiel has to make some choices about the house and about Dean
"Save it." Dean says. "I don't want an alpha."
"Oh."
After he leaves, he texts his agent that he's interested in the house.
This wasn't what Castiel had hoped for. He'd thought they'd be home and mated by now, if he were honest, but at least he had a chance with his true mate.
"So this is goodbye for the foreseeable future." he says to Dean.
"Oh, honey." Martha says, and Castiel feels a small knot in his throat.
"And who's fault is that!?" yelled Castiel back. "Either way he left us with no word."
Castiel brings him a big glass of water and the kitchen trash can incase he gets sick. Then he gets to work, the TV flicking between channels in the background reassuring him that Dean's still awake and aware.
"So do you." sighs Castiel. He stands up.
." Dean replies, and Sam chuckles and lets him go.
"... that is, I hate to admit, a rather valid point." Crowley acknowledges. "But still, you acted in self-interest and self-preservation in that moment. When left to your own devices, you chased the same pleasures of the flesh that you enjoy as a human.... as well as... strange flesh."
, dude."
John chuckles. "I'm going to be emailing copies to my connections within the hour. I'm finally finding this guy, Novak. God, you have no idea. Or maybe you do. I'm not even mad that you tried to stop me, cause you're worried about Dean right? And that's the true mate coming out. I get it." John sounds elated.
He heard slow clapping, and looked up to see Crowley applauding his victory. "Nicely done, Castiel. You've grown into a strapping young alpha."
Dean runs a hand through his hair. "Yeah, well I wasn't doing that well the first couple of months, Cas. Not fucking well at all. Especially when it started looking like there wasn't any way to get you back. I... wanted to die. I almost..."
Sam glares. "He's still a strange alpha."
"And there was some other stuff in the hospital that didn't occur to me -"
John's eyes narrow. He turns to Castiel angrily. "Continue."
"I don't know, you do snore."
. Thass not a name."
Dean frowns. Crowley's talking about when Dean died and came back as a demon.
He tries to remember why they're in this classroom, how he got there -
Dean's eyes widen, and the sight of his green eyes fully open, fixed on Castiel without anger for the first time, almost takes his breath away. Dean is beautiful.
Dean nods. "Yeah, he's just all messed up cause of mom, okay? He couldn't deal with me rejecting my true mate so he did something stupid. But he doesn't want anything... terrible.... to happen to me, okay? Never."
forced date
"Yes?" Castiel replies, puzzled, then realizes. "Oh. Dean."
They'd been mid-argument when Dean gave in and kissed Cas, and that was that. After all the drama, dancing around and denial, somehow a standard hunt had been the last straw.
"I haven't watched anything like this before, obviously." Dean insists. "But I know it wouldn't have done anything for me before! I'm not into dudes!"
After dinner, Crowley pours them drinks and discusses accounting practices with Castiel for few minutes, when his mother announces she's quite tired and says goodnight to them both. Once she leaves, Crowley changes the subject.
Dean thought.
He's still surprised with himself sometimes, remembering his childhood before Crowley and how unlikely it would have been for him to be careless with winter clothing. And if he'd somehow lost it anyway, he'd have been devastated.
"Yes." Castiel confirms.
"Anyway, just thought about... bad stuff that's happened, and people that are gone." Dean finished. "Made me a little sad."
John glares. "I've seen it, anyway." he retorts, then taps the papers into a neat pile and hands it back. "Fine. Later, Novak."
As Castiel waits, a young alpha, likely only 13 or 14, comes down the stairs and looks him over with a glare. Sammy, Castiel realizes, Dean's little brother. He's got dark hair, grown out quite a bit, and the boy is tall and lanky in the way that suggests a recent growth spurt.
Dean grabs unsuccessfully at his arm. "Hey, where you going?"
"He's more like Gaston if you ask me."
"No, no." Benny insists. "Unless you're offering to leave without Dean."
Naomi just stares at him, and then cryptically asks "Heaven and Earth?"
John drives off, and Castiel exhales. He goes inside to put the papers away, flipping through them only to realize -
He goes home, feeling restless. "Mother?" he calls, and finds her sitting having tea with Crowley, talking about what school Gavin would be attending when he turned five.
"You don't think it's... " he looks at Naomi significantly.
"Yikes." Mick winces. "Thank god for tetanus shots, am I right?"
He recalled.
He's shown around, assigned a desk, and given a default password for access to the company's databases. He'll be having orientation with Health and Safety and Human Resources soon as well.
"My dad's full of crap. Their relationship was only ever perfect after she died. They loved the shit out of each other, don't get me wrong, but they sure as hell didn't make each other happy."
"Oh yeah," John says, "I just wanted to make sure, you meant all that shit about waiting and not forcing a mating, right?"
"He's 18." John reassured.
It stops even being subtle after a while.
She snorts. "So you gonna pretend you
Dean blinked. The feeling was not just anger, but embarrassment. Bordering on humiliation. The kind when someone made him feel stupid.
he shoots off a prayer.
"Speaking of age, it says you haven't had your first prostate exam yet."
"Woah. Really? That's.... good news, man" Dean says, then his eyes narrow. "Um... why're we talking about that here though? You could've said this at my house."
(See the end of the chapter for
He flirts lightly with the waiter, checking out his nametag and calling him 'Joe' in a coy tone.
"You good for me to continue?" he asks, kindly.
Dean blinks. "Yeah. So you probably don't want to mate me after all."
He's right, Castiel decides. Balthazar's a lot of things, but he
Dean's eyes widen with surprise.
"It's thicker than average, is all I'm saying. It's not a plain boring story about a boy growing up in a large American town."
Castiel drives to the mall to buy some gloves and a hat for the early spring chill. He's not sure where he's misplaced his old cold weather gear, having just come back with an MBA from Stanford, California, and having gotten used to a warmer climate.
"You're crazy." Dean announces. "No way in hell."
"If you got something to say, you better say it." John says, authority entering his tone. He'd never stood for this kind of disrespect from his boys.
"... really?" Sam asked suspiciously.
"So funny, how humans have this idea of themselves..." Crowley ponders. "The things they can ignore or tell themselves aren't 'really them'. I've seen it so many times in Hell, people who don't understand why they're down there, because all their sins and hypocrisy go in this little box called 'not really me'."
"I actually met my true mate yesterday, that's why I'm here." Castiel says with a small smile, and the couple are delighted by the announcement.
Dean snorts. "Yeah yeah, at home. 🎵
Cas was standing in front of him, more handsome than ever now that he was in his element. He looked surprised and concerned, and, Dean noted, a little nervous.
"Good." Castiel says. "So? I swear, I'll look after you well. I have means."
The next morning, Castiel is thinking about what he's going to say to Dean when he gets a text from his real estate agent that he'll be getting a call from Barry and Martha, the nice couple that owned the house.
"Super. Partly because I was real careful not to wish him well or be friendly about it. Didn't want him reading into anything."
Dean sighed. Not a lot to go on so far. There were myths about gay gods and stuff, but none specifically mentioned changing human's sexualities.
Dean wonders.
Castiel frowns. "Why would you use your free will to avoid something that would make you so happy? Don't you want what your parents had?"
"Ah." Castiel says regretfully.
He tries to focus on not-Dr-Sexy's voice, who is talking him through the process, but he finds that it doesn't help at all.
Dean wants to protest, but he knows he's definitely not always seemed that way. "I don't know, gotta grow up sometime."
Castiel almost whimpers a little. "But omegas... they want someone who take charge..."
Naomi smiles softly.
His eyes even felt a tiny bit prickly. He's not sure why he's so upset.
John and Mary's relationship was somewhat toxic and codependent.
. Dean straightens up suddenly, and tries to pretend it doesn't feel like a knife in his head.
"Because it's part of the case, duh!" Dean insists.
The guy seems flustered, and not even slightly offended, so Dean feels bold and turns the flirtation up to 'shameless', throwing in a wink as they finish up the order.
It had been so hard to accept that they couldn't get him back. He'd prayed, just in case Cas could hear him, telling him that they were looking for ways to help him, Jack too. Then eventually, that he couldn't find anything, but that he was holding out hope for Jack to succeed. Trying to stay optimistic in his prayers so that he would hold on in the Empty.
Castiel nods. "Of course. You were very drunk."
"Friggin knight in shining armor. I
Dean thought.
It's fate, he's convinced.
"Um. Yes please. Scrambled?"
He glares. "This wasn't part of the deal."
"Yup." Dean says, finishing the eggs and plating them.
He rushes forward for a moment, but then the young man ducks into a seedy looking bar labelled "Harvelle's Roadhouse."
"I guess it was." Sam admits, putting the food down while avoiding looking at the screen. "But could you, like, stop?"
tasty, and Castiel no longer had to wear hand-me-downs of clothes that were already bought second hand in the first place.
Three separate fugitives had filed allegations against John for misconduct in the last five years. They were thrown out for lack of evidence, apart from one for intoxication on the job which led to a probationary period. But there was no mention of the John working with a minor in any of the fugitive's complaints. If Dean was directly involved at that age, it was as a lookout or some non-contact role. Thank goodness for small mercies, at least.
"Oh." Castiel says, taken aback. "I'm sorry."
"So you don't ever want to mate?" Castiel asks.
is doing this, thinks that you are in fact, bi."
"We think you'd appreciate it the most." his wife adds. "We just love the thought of a young couple settling in there again."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?! I don't!" Dean shouted. "What the fuck, Sammy?! He's a guy!"
"Yes, so I understand if you'd rather sell the house to someone else."
A few days later, though, Castiel receives a call from John Winchester himself, asking why he hasn't been coming to see Dean. Apparently he'd only just got back into town and learned about it.
"Well, that's quite the impulse, but I'm excited that your alpha instincts are so active." Naomi says. "Crowley?"
"I doubt that." Castiel retorted.
"I'm... fine. I just... wish things were different." Castiel says.
"Right, right, like I'm stupid. You're probably here to take 'vantage of me. Didn't come crawling back like you thought, huh?"
." Dean insists.
"How romantic." she deadpans. "Well, he doesn't wanna talk to you."
Dean pauses a little too long.
And if he
. "I can try. I really think we could work."
"Sam, then." Castiel nods, hoping Dean comes down soon.
"No." Castiel confirms. "If I did, I would back off. I don't like getting in fights."
"What if something does happen, though, and I'm a mess?" Dean asks. "I gotta be ready to go."
"I know, right?" Dean answered. "My subconscious is a dick."
John snorts. "The guy's trying to win you over with a
"Thank you, Mother." Castiel says.
"You sure are judgy considering your own dad didn't even try." John says. "I'm here."
"I - no - they'd just think I was trying to court them!"
"Alright..." Castiel says, baffled, and goes off to look at local properties.
Maybe it was just that it's hard for that stuff to happen in the bunker, unless a gaggle of male strippers magically fell through the ceiling or something.
"Amazing that we can getting anything done with her around, really."
"Fingers crossed there's no
?" Dean grumbled.
When Mick washes his chest, though, he tenses up a bit. This feels a little too intimate, despite the nurse's touch being very professional.
Castiel nods, but he feels it's not enough. "More."
He sighs, and sits to eat his lunch while having to listen to the two other alphas argue about who was going to close the deal they were currently both assigned to. It would be smarter to work together, but they seemed to have a rivalry going.
Dean talks Sammy into taking him out to a nearby town, on the condition that he strains himself as little as possible.
He sings it out the open window.
Yet somehow, Sam had eventually come out of it alive and sane. It was the most Dean could have hoped for.
Castiel frowns. "What do you think I'm going to expect that you wouldn't want?"
Cas wasn't supposed to be able to hear anything in the Empty, but for the first time in a while, Dean prayed.
Castiel frowns. "If they loved each other so much, why couldn't they work it out?"
He opened his eyes, shocked that it had actually worked.
suddenly decided he's an expert on how people are feeling. God, I'm so -"
"What's
They all laugh uproariously, and Castiel does what he always does when he doesn't understand what joke he made: grins along.
"It sounded like you helped raise your brother, I assumed you had strong paternal instincts."
"No you don't."
His first day, he enters the elevator, and then holds the door when he sees a small redhead running towards it.
"You know I like to keep busy. But between the injury and this curse or whatever, I can't do shit. Barely even listen to music. So I end up thinking too much."
"... I know it sucks, but maybe that's a good thing?" Sam suggests. "Can't repress things forever."
"No, they don't." Dean says into his shoulder. "I'm mad and I'm also so glad you're okay."
He typed in one last thing "
Dean shakes his head. "You know, every single time I've lost someone, it's always
Dean didn't even know how to react to that information.
Castiel shrugs. "No one else needs me right now, thought I'd ask."
He finishes quietly, not wanting to draw attention from anyone outside the room. Luckily there were tissues and a wastebasket by his bed.
Casual sexism from Castiel
"You okay in there?" It's John's voice that snaps him out of it. He realizes he's just been parked outside their duplex, staring forward and wallowing in self-pity, till John had stumbled home from the bar.
Naomi eyes him, calculatingly. "This is... Okay, I need to think about this. And you need that hormone shot out of your system. Then we'll talk."
"Sorry." Sam says sheepishly, slapping a bandage over the cut, and Dean snatches the keys and eases into the seat.
Dean knows that tone, it's Sam's
Dean thinks.
That's sad, he thinks. But Dean's his true mate, Castiel isn't going to abandon him just because he's a bit mixed up. No, he decides, he'll be there for Dean.
"Oh, no, he's uh... he's kind of reluctant. I don't really understand it, Balth." He tells him the whole story.
Naomi clears her throat. "Now, you noticed my scent was sour? I was irritated with your reaction."
Castiel scoffs. "Anything? You just smell some random scent and know what it means? It's not like everyone gets sour when they're angry."
He's a cute one, Castiel has to admit, and seeing her cradle him she wonders if she still feels a lack of omega maternal instinct, or if that was a side effect of not feeling safe with Chuck.
Dean is quiet for a minute, then - "I lied."
Castiel puts forward a card with his name and contact information. "Please take this and don't get rid of it. If you ever change your mind, -"
"She'll tell me if she wants." Crowley shrugs. "People don't like prying, even if what's found was barely hidden. Remember that if you ever mate.
"I'd feel bad misleading you." he says. "It's not going well with my mate... his father pressured him into seeing me. He resents it, and I just don't know if it's salvageable. I'm going to apologize tonight and tell him he doesn't have to see me if he doesn't want. I'm not optimistic."
Dean glares at him.
He browses houses online for the rest of the time, and he stops scrolling when he sees the most picturesque bungalow. It's got a perfectly sized porch, with a swing seat on it. Castiel can already see himself and Dean cuddling on it on a cool fall evening. The garden is just big enough to not be a hassle, but be pretty. It has one main bedroom and four small additional bedrooms. It's gorgeous. It feels like the right one.
"Seems the young man is even more unconventional than you knew." his stepfather replies.
"Ugh. I know, I know, I'm a liar." Dean mutters, cracking the eggs. "I just... he's got enough to worry about. I can't have him stressing about me. I'm supposed to take care of him. And then I went and got fucking wasted last night."
"And that dedication... looks like whoever or
Castiel had always been different. With his calm demeanor, especially compared to his alpha brothers Michael and Lucifer, his mother Naomi had thought he might grow up to be a beta or an omega. But at 13 when Castiel went into rut, she took it in stride. Bearing three alpha sons to a beta meant she started to get interest from suitors despite her widowed status.
"I'm not gonna force myself on you." Castiel insists.
Castiel moves in within a week, since it turned out the older couple got their own new place quickly and were happy for him to move in whenever possible.
He knows it's weird to kinda miss him, but they both had a soft spot for each other, despite being totally at odds about 80% of the time. Despite the horrors of his demon phase, they'd actually had some fun too.
He manages not to react outside of a groan when the doctor finds his prostate and checks it out. He knew he was kinda sensitive there, and he desperately didn't want to make the doctor uncomfortable.
"Odd. You're an excellent prospect, any omega should be jumping at the chance to mate you." Crowley frowns.
Castiel doesn't even know what to say. "Why, Dean?"
Crowley sighs. "That you'd sleep in the same bed with me." They'd shared Naomi's heats to produce Gavin, but otherwise had separate rooms.
Jo frowns. "You need somewhere to crash?"
, or we'll have a problem."
He goes to work, where he's been assigned a few small clients, but is also helping out with a larger project. A lot of it is grunt work, meant to help him settle in and get the hang of operations. He helps out with whatever's asked of him: proofreading and double-checking, filling out paperwork for red tape.
"Sam, I swear to Jack -"
He takes it easy on the steps out of the bunker, and even asks Sam if it's cool that he drives.
Castiel pictures it. He could turn one of the bedrooms into his office. It would save him time on his commute, and maybe it was time he moved out. He could still see himself in it, though hopefully not on his own forever. If Dean truly never came around, surely he'd eventually meet someone else?
"I met my true mate." he announces, and Naomi and Crowley both congratulate him.
Dean goes to stand, as if he's going to fight an alpha, of all things, but John puts his hand on his shoulder.
"Ah. No, I really mean it. I mean, I'm still hoping you change your mind someday, but... I accept that it might not happen."
"Let me get your shoes off." he says, and unties and slips them off, one by one.
"... I'm good, doc."
"Lied?"
He picked a recent event. Mick the nurse. He imagined the spongebath, then imagined him taking liberties, turning it into foreplay.
Dean grabs Cas by the lapels of his trench coat and gives him a little shake. "I'm so mad at you."
Triggers:
He stares at her, his heart pounding for a different reason now. "Why are you pointing that at me?" he asks carefully, once he gains the courage to speak.
"Oh, and this won't be different?" Castiel asks. "Now listen, this is my house and those belong to me. Give it
"What the hell is that supposed to mean?"
"I don't want to give you any ideas."
"We can wait." Castiel assures him. "And I don't need a houseful."
"Really? Why?"
He looks around, and catches sight of an incredibly good-looking young man near the exit of the carpark. Broad shoulders, gold-brown hair, great ass. That's all he can see though, because the man is facing away from him. In fact, he's walking away.
"I can
"Yeah." Dean agrees. "Fell hard on a piece of broken rebar.
"No, we don't. Not all of us. It's expected though."
A doctor comes in and Dean can't help notice he looks a striking amount like Doctor Sexy. Tan with long dark hair.
"Did it upset you?" Cas asked. Though he could tell Dean was aroused by the thought now, he didn't want to assume.
Dean seems astonished. "Really?"
you were angry, you don't need to tell me." Castiel retorts. "You smelled kind of sour? And then cloyingly sweet. I guess you calmed down."
"I don't love you." Dean says. The sudden statement takes the breath out of Castiel's lungs even though it would be far too early for Dean to feel that way, true mates or not. "And sorry, but getting to know someone who I'm being forced to spend time with isn't going to make that happen. I can't trust you like that."
Naomi pauses. She takes a deep breath, and assumes a more omega stance. Her scent grows a little milder, with a cloying sweetness, he notices. "I didn't mean it like that."
"Ah, yeah I know what you mean." Jo says. She's an omega too, after all.
:Yes, Dean?"
"No." Charlie replies, the friendly smile gone immediately. "I help maintain the accounting apps. One of which I helped
"Never again, Dean." Cas promises.
"I'm a good alpha and don't need to be a dick to prove it."
My progress accidentally got deleted. So frustrating. Gotta save more frequently.
"Hurt?" Castiel asks, surprised. It's an unfamiliar smell to him. He hates that he hurt his mother's feelings. "Should I go apologize?"
Castiel huffs. "Look are you going to help me or not? I'm taking him on a date tomorrow."
Dean is waiting at the car door, and seem annoyed that Castiel decides to open it for him. Still, once they're in the car all Castiel can really care about is the scent of Dean in this cramped space. He feels settled for the first time since yesterday. His mate is with him.
In a few days the shot wears off, and she sits down with him with a folder in hand.
mild fighting
"Feeling okay?" he asks.
"Ah, sorry." Dean says, deflating a little. "Well, there was stuff that neither of them were willing to compromise on. Big stuff, how they wanted to live, how they wanted their kids raised. That kind of stuff isn't easy to fix if you're incompatible, and they jumped into the mating without figuring any of that out because they were true mates."
Castiel thinks about it. "I could do that for you, you know." he offers.
evening wasn't stressful."
"Well, I can't think of a good reason to just change my mind in the morning."
He launches himself at Castiel, who easily blocks his attack, and with a quick maneuver pins him to the couch. The boy actually has some training in fighting, he can tell from the short encounter, but he's still young and nowhere near Castiel's level.
either way." Dean says casually. "Well, let's get this circus act on the road."
"I'll pick you up at 8 tomorrow night for dinner. Wear something nice." he orders instead.
He's in a classroom, there's no doors, and only two desks. Crowley is sitting at the teacher's desk, his feet up, eating an apple.
"No, please, tell me." Sam forces his mouth into a pursed position, but the desire to laugh is all over his face.
He thinks back to what Balthazar said. Maybe he
Sam looks like he has a bad idea, and Dean scowls pre-emptively.
"So," she says, sitting across from him and stealing some fries. "That guy finally realize he can't Beauty-and-the-Beast you?"
"The house is too big for us anyway, since all the kids grew up and left the nest." chuckles the old man. "It deserves to be filled with pups again. Now, not to pry," Barry pries "I see you aren't mated... "
Cas pulls back and looks in his eyes. "Do you mean that you love me like a friend, or do you -"
"You don't think there are any... hidden desires to be unearthed?" asked Crowley. "Your choices, when unburdened by shame or conscience, don't deserve inspection?"
Why can't you cope in more healthy ways, Dean?". And then the one time I try to do it the 'right' way, you just think it's cause I don't fucking
"Bitch."
"I probably got it wrong." Castiel says. "One of the likely aliases of... Mary's killer." John goes pale.
Castiel blinks. "That's how it's supposed to be? You just smell that and know they're angry?"
Castiel eyes him. "I'll take something we can share."
He's not been his bored since Sam was young enough that Dad made Dean stay with him in motels while he went on hunting trips.
Kinsey scale, rate of bisexuality in men, etc...
He wanted to reassure Dean that nothing would happen he didn't want. But that would be a lie, wouldn't it? He already didn't want the date. But he couldn't just
He closes his eyes in frustration, and he can feel the ghost of that scent. Or is it not a ghost? His mate was just here. He breathes in deep, and feels some instinct awaken.
"You were joyful and uninhibited." Cas told him. "And you would touch me the most, then."
He resolves not to show it if that happens. Doesn't want to scar the poor guy.
"Not like this."
This gave a few more answers. Apparently, some people did
"I'll... think about all you've said." Castiel finishes. "Thank you for being upfront."
"I wanted to talk without your dad." Castiel says, and Dean nods. "He's been very insistent on this arrangement."
"Are you okay?" Sam brings him back to reality, looking and sounding concerned.
"I don't really want to hang out just for that reason." Cas tells him, frowning, and Dean gets that it isn't exactly flattering.
Content warning:
"Oh. Well, thanks." Dean repeats, smiling.
"I actually do." Castiel says, hanging up the phone. "I, uh, know about the bounty hunting."
Dean shrugs. "Okay, yeah, that part was dumb. We came back here, had some drinks, I got carried away. We just crashed on the couch. Not like I was gonna offer him booze then send him to drive home."
"What, do you need to prove your dominance over a 14 year old, Alpha?" Dean says angrily.
"And of course, you could still speak to me via prayer, if you needed to say something or stop." Cas adds, which does help with some of Deans reservations about the idea.
Dean's eyes widen. "I was just trying to push your buttons."
"What's that supposed to - WOAH!" Sam comes around and gets an eyeful of softcore gay porn.
hearing things. Songs, specifically."
"Just now though, with Sam. That was weird."
She walks away from him.
"Alright, Mr Johansson, this is going to feel kind of strange." not-Dr-Sexy says.
"... not yet, no." Dean says nervously.
Dean snorts. "Oh you know, I just wallow around the house, waiting for my prince to come and save me from my dreary unmated existence."
"What?" Castiel asks, baffled.
Dean doesn't even know him, he said. Well, Castiel supposes that's true. If Dean doesn't want to mate a stranger...
Castiel has a really bad feeling about all this.
Castiel knows what he means. Alphas protect from danger, Omegas take care of the comfort. But he can't bring himself to let Dean struggle or be uncomfortable just to seem more alpha.
if you ever... mate someone else." Castiel feels sick at the idea. Dean's eyes widened at the acknowledgement of the possibility. "I'd just like to know that there's no chance."
He hears Sam's footsteps go up the stairs, and Castiel walks into the kitchen behind him.
Cas's brow wrinkles. "I've observed you for years. You've looked at many men lustfully -"
"Dean... I may cry." Crowley says, in the half-mocking tone that Dean knows he only uses when he doesn't know how to admit something is true or surprising.
Its a few days later that Dean takes Cas up on his offer. Boundaries are discussed and set, and they agree on a night that Sam is out.
The driver has the radio on, some Ellie Goulding song.
"Thank you, John. But this situation is a bit complicated, obviously I don't want to force myself on Dean."
Dean interrupts him with a kiss. Cas stiffens for a moment, then returns it enthusiastically.
And it's closer than Crowley's manor to a few accounting firms that had expressed interest in hiring him. He didn't want to work for his stepfather, as okay as the man seemed, because he knew accusations of favoritism would hound him. They all payed well enough, he decided right then to take the one closest to home. This house, that is.
References to gentrification
He tries his cowboy movies, but the same thing is happening and their chaps are also all assless now.
"Of course. This is your fantasy, after all. I'm only interested if you want it, Dean."
Interestingly, eventually Charlie is also brought on to assist with this project. There's been some technical issue that Castiel doesn't understand on the customer's end, some kind of corruption of their database he thinks? So far she hasn't asked him to do anything though.
Castiel sighs. It was definitely better than the treatments.
Robert Singer, from this report, does not look like a good candidate, Castiel thinks. He suffered a car accident a few years ago that made him require the use of a wheelchair. Since then he hasn't been doing well, having been hospitalized for alcohol poisoning several times and six months ago was arrested and fined for disorderly conduct while intoxicated.
about it. Dad's the one with the obsession. You're just some clueless -" Castiel feels offended "- white-collar putz who didn't realize what he was doing."
Dean can't help but appreciate having a professional do this, instead of himself or his brother. The nurse's hands are steady and gentle, despite their size and how they feel like he does manual labor in his free time, and
"How'd you find out where I live?" Castiel demands.
I will tell you what I feel when my scent changes. Your brothers and some of Crowley's staff that I trust not to tell him have agreed to do the same. This will help you practice reading scents."
Castiel's eyes widen. Crowley knows. "Does my mother -"
One day when he's between tasks, she starts mumbling angrily to herself and gets up. Castiel decides to just ask "Anything you need done, Miss Bradbury?"
"Ain't my first rodeo, dude. I'll sleep on my side so I don't puke to death, yada yada."
"I never really thought about it. I always assumed pups were an inevitability." he tells Dean.
Castiel is graduated and has come back to his hometown. He catches a scent that he never thought he'd be luckily enough to smell.
"But you weren't possessed."
"Who do you think you are?"
Temporarily out of ideas, he went back and did the Buzzfeed Quiz for the hell of it.
He has to hold the phone away as Balthazar laughs hard into the receiver.
Sam rolls his eyes. "Fine, how about this."
"Not new." Castiel confirms.
Dean squints at him. "Now you're saying
"Can't we just get to know each other?" Castiel asks eventually.
And security was a nice change of pace. They moved from a cramped apartment his mother struggled to maintain to a manor, the food was plentiful
"Oh how sweet of you." Martha coos. Castiel realizes that without the context of Dean having no choice, it does sound sweet.
His annoying neighbor with the radio must be up too, because he suddenly hears music again.
Naomi gives birth to a baby boy named Gavin James Crowley.
"Don't want you getting into it with Sammy again, or have my Dad try to cheer us on." Dean explains.
References to Harry Potter
Castiel is placing the call to the agent before he even realizes what he's doing, and she tells him it's an open house this week, 2-6pm, so he can head down now if he likes.
Castiel has mildly homophobic thoughts (will be addressed in future).
But, back to Dean. Dean's grades, if you could call the disjointed reports from various schools around the country "grades", were understandably poor. He dropped out of high school at 16 and got his GED, then got a job in this town as a mechanic. Unusual for an omega. John rented the duplex they currently live in, and it's been the first real home for the Winchesters since the arson.
John fumbles with his keys for a while, and then goes to get some water from the kitchen. Dean is there, putting a pie box in the fridge, and John smiles at that.
"No" he grumbles.
He skimmed forwards.
Dean scowled. "Yeah, but I
Dean just keeps glaring.
"I'm here, outside."
"Stupid kid." he mutters.
"Sponge bath, bandage change." Mick answers directly, already peeling back Dean's sheets. "Sorry, no hot nurse in a skimpy uniform for ya, pal."
rate of bi men that are out, 'stereotypical assumptions about masculinity'...
He enjoys the fantasy, something out of a cheesy Casa Erotica video where a sponge-bath turns into sex. It helps that he knows how it feels, the memory still fresh in his mind, his body smelling slightly of soap.
"C'mon Sam. I've been
And Dean makes sure to touch and cuddle Cas more often.
Crowley just keeps glaring, and Naomi smirks and sips her tea.
"You called him??" Sam asked. He frowns. "Did you drunk dial him? Dammit, did you get absolutely wrecked all by yourself -"
They finally come to his floor, and Castiel steps out. "Have a nice day, Charlie." He doesn't get a response.
Dean thinks, as he eats.
Or, maybe Sam really was onto something.
Dean's kinda embarassed now, but what's done is done.
"Ah, right. My... death speech." Dean mutters.
"How generous." Dean sneers. "But I..."
"No, say it."
John glowers at her, Dean thanks her and Castiel does too.
with this information."
Castiel goes upstairs and finds the bedroom that smells like Dean. There are only a few personal touches, like the small display of hunting knives. He takes what he came for and comes downstairs.
Sometimes he sees things like this and wonders how defective he could possibly be, if others also need basic things explained to them.
He hated the thought of Dean never coming to live there. But then he thinks about letting the place go to some renovator or developer, and he hates that even more. That place was meant for him and his.
Eventually as he turned 14, they decided to try hormone injections. It only took one round for Castiel to refuse more. He felt as if he were in an asexual rut, his skin itched and buzzed, he felt hot and irritated, and if anything he was going to start fights instead of causing them accidentally.
"Oh." Castiel says with relief. "You had me worried there."
"Not traditional at all." his friend snarks. "Well I'll tell you what - make friends with an omega for real, and I'll believe you actually know something about them."
"Okay, that I can at least help you with: Don't do that." Balth tells him. "Doesn't sound like he'd want that, and he certainly won't have the clothes for it."
-" Dean cuts himself off angrily. "No, Cas. If I don't have to, then I'm not going to go on another of these dates."
"Yeah?"
"I've been thinking..." Castiel says hesitantly. "He really doesn't seem to want to be a typical omega, not very strong instincts... what if I told him about -"
Dean raises an eyebrow. "Oh really? Mr Talk-About-Your-Feelings didn't like talking about it?"
"He even applied for a license once he turned 18. It's a shame they don't let omegas do it."
"Unlikely, based on your story." Naomi dismisses.
Dean gaped at him.
"What, really?!" Sam asks in disbelief.
Ironically, he soon became Castiel's only friend of the lot. Coming back to pick up a book he'd left behind, he managed to overhear them talking about how he was weird and kind of a jerk, that they only sucked up to him because he was Crowley's stepson and would be a useful friend. Balthazar was the only one who disagreed, saying "Cassie's not so bad", and became indignant when they said they were only in it for the connections, saying they were a bunch of 'cold hearted leeches'.
Dean turns to him, glaring suspiciously. "How would you know about that?"
"Ah. Okay." Castiel goes over to Ellen, and when he announces he's leaving she nods approvingly.
"He's been forced into this date, doesn't matter what you intend Cassie, he doesn't know you."
Castiel follows Dean, not realizing that he's trying to get away from him. He also allows John to force Dean to go on a date with him.
He follows his gut and the scent in the air, and turns down several alleys. He emerges, and looks around, catching his omega walking swiftly down the road again.
"I'm not -"
She quickly married a very rich beta named Fergus Roderick Crowley who wanted a heir. He made it clear that he had no interest in parenting her sons, but that they may live in his manor as long as they wanted and he would fund their educations. Castiel thought he was sleazy and pretentious, but Naomi assured him that the arrangement was perfect for their family. She hadn't wanted an mate that would try to take over her parenting. He just provided security.
When the school called her in for the third time, Naomi doesn't interrogate him this time. She frowns, apologizes to the principal, and the drive home is awkward. Her cleaning product scent, lemon with a hint of antiseptic, was heavier on the antiseptic today.
"I don't know." Naomi muses. "What were they again? You slur your words when you're drunk."
, he thinks,
Castiel thanks John and Dean, and John downs his second beer before he shakes their hands and they part ways. Ellen grabs Castiel as he goes to settle his bill and he almost fights back until she growls to him "You better be good to that boy. And if you and his father force him into a mating, I swear I'll bury you both in by backyard."
He gets drunk-dialed by Dean
He thought about how much he missed the angel.
Dean had no idea what he was trying to give up. If he could bring Mary back, he would. Hell, he wishes he could take back some of the times he got so mad that he bailed, wasting precious extra time with her because he had no idea how little he had left. But he can't, so he'll make sure Dean doesn't make an even worse mistake.
There was Zeus snatching up Ganymede, but it didn't say if the guy was originally straight, or if was he even into Zeus afterwards.
Dean nods, although he wasn't actually quite as old as this Johansson guy. "Age can do a number on you."
Mick finishes up, puts a towel over Dean's junk,
"Well I'm juss fine."
Sam sees him looking and teases him again.
///////////////////////////////////////////
"Really, even though he made you go on the dates?" his little brother asks, wide-eyed.
"Yes." Castiel agrees. "I can do that."
Sam sobs a little, and gets up to hug Dean. Dean hugs back gingerly. "Hey. Sammy. I'm sorry, alright. I thought it was over."
Dean feels the challenge, and can't help but take the bait.
His expression changes from amused to troubled, and after an awkward silence he pulls out his silver knife and holy water.
, just like the doctor ordered, haven't I?"
"I used to tell myself it did. That they were worries, not... fantasies." Dean admitted. "You know I like to give up control sometimes. I think that was part of it."
"Cas?" He says.
"When you were 4 months old, he disappeared. I wish I could assume he left for good reasons, but he wasn't happy. Despite me doing my best, giving him a house full of children like he wanted." She said bitterly.
Some kind of elaborate prank maybe? But Gabriel's dead, and Dean can't see Sam fucking with him when he's laid up like this.
"Yeah. I can feel it, it's bad." Dean admits. "And I'm not getting any younger. Fuck it."
He's glad at the thought of getting out of here.
"When did it start?" Sam's in investigation mode now, thankfully.
The fight was short but intense, Michael having four years on him, but Castiel had the finesse and skills to counter him.
"Jesus Christ, dad." Dean mutters. "Fine.
"Weird, like job-weird?" Sam asks, putting down water, a pen and a notebook, and a blanket, and taking a seat nearby.
His heart is pounding. This is a life-changing moment, after all.
"You got other fucked up ways of dealing with stuff though."
"you mean I checked them out, I know." Dean groans.
"There was a while, between not trusting you, and Purgatory, where it made me feel... vulnerable, you watching me sleep. Knowing how you looked at me during the day, how you'd come so close..." Dean added, embarrassed. "I'd start thinking about you creeping on me while I was asleep, touching me, exploring me..."
Castiel frowns. "We're not traditional."
try to befriend an omega? What's the worst that could happen? This woman seemed in a good enough mood, anyway. "Hello. My name's Castiel." he says, smiling. "I'm a new accountant here."
"He must have had a reason! Or something happened!" Michael insisted.
"If you have as much faith in true mate relationships as you say you do, you must believe he'll come around and give me a second chance." Castiel retorts.
he's just clueless but better safe than sorry."
References to John trying to hit Sam
Castiel sighs. His father Chuck went missing and died on a work trip out of town when Castiel was just a baby. When he was 3, his mother moved them to another town, not able to bear their home reminding her of their loss. He can only assume his three sons only further remind her of his loss. He can't blame her.
John eyes him approvingly, and claps him on the shoulder. "Alright, let's get a booth and talk. A beer please, Ellen." He wander over to a booth.
He missed Cas like crazy. Dude was his best friend. The Spock to his Kirk.
"Okay. Well. Tell you what. Why don't you do more... research... maybe come up with a theory." Sam says. "And then we'll see what can be done."
Dean considers it.
Naomi nods. "Well what else would it mean?":
Dean needs to get out. He's not only laid up, but he can't even enjoy music like he used to because of this stupid situation.
Unfortunately his meddling brain keeps thinking about stuff, now that he's in the habit of it.
, and changes his bandages.
Sam helps him walk out, and Dean throws a charming smile to the waiter on the way out to let him know the note was welcome.
"No!" Dean says loudly. He looks at Cas, wide eyed, and starts lying. "No, look, I just decided I wanted to... try being friends. We hung out last night."
"Ooh, he calls you something you don't like." Dean seems delighted. "Tell me."
The rest of his afternoon consists of signing some paperwork regarding health insurance and other benefits, and then listening to a workplace harassment video which is very emphatic about things that Castiel thought would be common knowledge: for example not talking about his coworker's scents, heats, ruts, or other physical characteristics relating to their gender.
(See the end of the chapter for
"... there's this house I wanted to buy for Dean." Castiel begins.
"That's what made me safe, there." Dean says, lying with Cas on his memory foam mattress.
🎵 n I found a bottle of whiskey under dad's bed."
Dean is flustered as the nurse peels off his socks, and then unties his hospital gown.
The doctor smiles at him and he decides to just stare at his blanket until he's done.
is confusing for you. Well, what's done is done. Keep the rest of it under wraps, and hopefully Winchester doesn't tell where he got the information if he gets caught with it."
Castiel hadn't considered the consequences: John would be starting his wild goose chase with renewed energy.
fancy than then I saw you earlier."
But there's more, Cas can sense it, and he waits for Dean to tell him.
"Yeah." Dean tries to say nonchalantly.
"Okay." Castiel replies, marveling at how at ease Dean is around him when he's drunk. "He calls me Cassie."
John raises his eyebrows. "Look, can we sit and talk?"
"Yes, but also... " he sighs. "I feel like I need to be
He hears Dean muttering under his breath and footsteps, and then suddenly the front door clicks and opens. Dean looks a mess, face red and swaying gently.
John sighs. "And let me guess, the kid isn't interested in seeing you now that he's calling the shots. It's a stupid game he's playing."
much worse than this, after all." Sam reminds him.
"Well, what do you say we get that over with?"
"Sorry Cas, but - no dammit, I'm not
John jumps up, walking to his car clutching the papers.
. I'll go on some dates."
"Dear," Crowley interjects. "Maybe he's got a point about -"
He always felt this kind of... awe, when it came to Cas.
Crowley sighs. "Okay, maybe I should've remembered that the
Without his favorite distractions, he finds thoughts sticking in his head a little longer.
One of the main reasons Sam did most of the research was that Dean would try to read up about suspicious deaths in a town, and then get sidetracked by a really interesting death or detail and lose an hour or more going down the Wikipedia rabbithole.
Dean just has a check-up this morning, and then he'll be free to go home and recover there.
Dean wasn't in the mood right now to start figuring out his dream home, and motels were what he associated with privacy, safety, somewhere to stop and think.
The town of Lebanon is closest but it's a really tiny town, so the only 'cafe' is actually a gas and service station that has some chairs and tables in it.
thing, this is a
"Stop it." muttered Sam.
"He's the one who got out of the Empty and didn't bother to tell me, okay?" Dean replied angrily. "So he can be the one to contact me."
"Instead, I have made new arrangements." Naomi announces, pulling out some papers. "First, I think you should see a psychologist. I've arranged an appointment for Monday."
Dean really didn't need daddy issues coming up now too.
"But I'm
"Now, does that tell you anything about yourself, Dean?"
"Cas helped."
Dean lets out a muffled squeak when the finger enters, and is a little disturbed to find himself half-hard.
"Are you a secretary there?"
"I -" Castiel tries to get a word in edgewise.
The fridge isn't empty, but there's not much to work with either, so he's glad he promised something simple. Castiel butters the slices of bread, then adds the cheese and toasts them. Naomi used to make these for him, they were a favorite of his as a child.
"So you warned him off." Dean softens just the tiniest bit, then hardens again. "Well, at least I know now that you care about
"... alright. Good." Dean relaxes a little, and turns back to the oven.
"I love you too."
He'd been on a casual date in college, with a beta girl named April. It had gone... fine, and had ended in his first and only sexual encounter, but Castiel had only done it because he felt the need to prove something. She'd had... less noble intentions as well, he found out later, so he at least didn't feel like he'd 'used' her.
Dean looks at him. "Yeah, I bet." Bitterness invades his smell again. "I don't even know you, dude."
".... crap." he curses, and pulls out his phone. Surprisingly, John actually picks up.
"Come on Dean, this isn't about him, you're just mad because you're having to deal with an omega thing." John retorted. "You always hated having to deal with anything like that. So you're trying to throw away the holy grail of relationships just because it's related to your biology."
And now he doesn't even have taking care of Sammy or tv to distract him.
"You look very nice, Dean." He announces.
"I do it on my own half the time. I did it myself always before you were old enough, I can do it again. Sam's 15, he doesn't need you coddling him anymore."
"Thanks, doc. Good to know." Dean said.
"No problem." John slurs. "You have a nice night, kid."
Is it too late, and he's already screwed this up for good? Of course he did.
The doc sighs for some reason (
He's nervous, he realizes. He's got a shit-ton of issues and if they all come rushing in then he doesn't know how how he's gonna deal.
She stops and eyes him suspiciously. "What, are you that bored?"
One night he got properly drunk with Balth for the first time in his life, and to his horror he found himself blurting out his whole story to his friend. The scenting difficulties, the lack of strong instincts, the failed medical interventions and his coping mechanism of pretending he just didn't care.
He couldn't think of any plausible reason.
He sends a text that night.
Naomi blinks. "You can smell that? Is it new, or -"
He can't help but think of the spongebath that caused this.
"Yeah." Dean scoffs. "Well you didn't ask, did you? Mr
"When you said 'don't flaunt it', I didn't know you meant
Dean glares daggers, and Castiel tries to ignore the smells coming from the omega.
"No stranger than anything else the demon version of me did." Dean said.
Granted, his lifestyle didn't exactly allow him to have long-term friendships where he got to watch people's characters change in real time. He saw people when he saw them, and he'd catch up on their lives as best he could. New jobs, new relationships, new whatever.
"You remember when you pushed me against the wall?" Dean chuckled.
"Okay. Well. I guess we're hanging out then."
"Oh?" Castiel can't help a small stab of jealousy at that.
"Huh?" John asks. "Oh. Just that he'll get the death penalty."
The reason for rejection is visible in the section for gender and secondary: "Alpha" and "Beta" are printed with boxes to check. Then there's a third box with "Omega" written next to it that was clearly hand-drawn and then checked by Dean. It seems that bounty hunting doesn't consider omega applicants.
, Dean thinks) and departs, promising to check in later.
They finish up and the waiter comes over, and Dean gives him a nice tip and winks at him.
"Hey, those are
"Yeah, but he's all white knight and proper, Sammy." Dean shrugs. "And don't forget what I told you, yeah? You don't ever have to worry about me. I can handle an alpha. Can handle a drink or two, too."
Castiel shakes his head. "No you don't."
"Oh?" Castiel says, surprised. It's very rare for an omega to work in that kind of alpha-dominated field. Most omegas only work if their family needs supporting, so higher education isn't a priority.
"- and engaged in suggestive banter -"
Castiel violates Dean's privacy and doesn't understand that it's unethical
"I highly doubt that."
"You're hungover." he hears Sammy say in a suspicious tone.
Castiel blinks. Sam seems to be trying to provoke him, on the verge of challenging him, a ridiculous thing for a young alpha to do to with someone like Castiel. This is... awkward, really. Sam is no threat to him, other that rumpling Castiel's date outfit a little.
When he turns 18. he applies to university to study business and accounting. It's a stable, well-paying field, and he knows from observing Crowley's company that they're always in demand.
"Then I guess you're taking me to the movies."
"True mates, that's something perfect. Meant to be." John insists, and Castiel hopes he's right.
Dean sighs. "You know, I'd call bullshit and say you're just saying that to get me to think we're compatible... but you were pretty chill about the infertility thing."
He settles in, but as he buckles up he's horrified to hear that the problem hadn't gone away.
This talk makes Castiel wants to tell him about his condition, that he's not instinct-driven or domineering at all, just trying to be what he's supposed to be. But that's not the kind of thing you just tell people about on a first date. And not something he wants Dean
Dean says he doesn't want a proper alpha, but he doubts he wants a defective one either, Castiel thinks dejectedly.
Dean dreams again that night.
"Oh God, you're right." Dean groans. "What the hell am I doing..." and he hangs up the phone.
"I can... " he tries to figure out a way to say it without,
"I agree."
He reaches under the covers, under the hospital gown, and starts stroking himself.
"Precisely." Crowley pulls out a folder. "And if I've read it then it's only fair I offer you the same opportunity, since he's your true mate."
Castiel shrugs and takes the folder.
"Dean"
Fuck, this lie was going to bite him in the ass. If he didn't hang out with Castiel again it would be suspicious.
"And no one who came around liked the place like you do." his wife adds. "There was some interest from developers, but they'd knock the whole house down. Most of the private buyers were talking about renovations, knocking down walls to make it open plan, paint it white, make it look like every single house looks on those renovation shows. One wanted to be a landlord and rent out all the bedrooms individually."
Sam smirks and holds up the receipt, which has a phone number on it as well as a hastily scribbled note.
Sam stared at him. "Are you serious right now?"
Dean thought about more.
In which Dean is unable to distract himself and has to actual think about stuff for once.
He hits shuffle, and what comes on is Stuck In The Middle With You.
"I still believe, Dean. We can talk about things more, say two nights from now again? We'll figure out every detail that needs figuring out if you need that."
Dean nods. "I felt like an asshole. Which is fucked up, I'm the one that's been forced into this. And my dad's gonna be
, what makes me - makes you think I'm not?"
"Not really, no." Sam confirms. "So we're dealing with some visual stuff too."
The exception is if they are widowed, with a greyed-out mating bite, in which case they are automatically emancipated. This law mostly exists to protect any children that may have resulted from the mating, with their omega parent being able to take on full custody. Castiel knows that from his mother's own situation.
He doesn't get too friendly with these alphas, but they are useful. It's easy to own this persona, to stop caring too much about how he comes across. Maybe this is how it's supposed to be, after all? His alpha instincts.
Apparently it's Taylor Swift hour now, because they keeps going. And every time he isn't actively listening....
Castiel starts at his new job the next week too, which helps distract him. The accounting firm has a good enough reputation, so Castiel's optimistic. He wouldn't want to work somewhere with a 'frat alpha' culture.
"What? Why not?" Castiel frowned.
"It's just... weird." Dean muttered.
"Alright, Mr Johansson." the doctor refers to Dean's fake name "Let's see how you're doing."
Wait... Dean had said things about helping John hunt. Surely he didn't mean...
"Stuff?" Sam asks interestedly.
Castiel talks to the psychologist, and as his instincts fail to fully develop, he comes to terms with being a different kind of alpha. He can hold his own, and this earns him a grudging respect from other alphas. Most wrongfully assume he treads on toes because he doesn't have to worry about being challenged and some even admire him for it, seeing his ignorance of other's boundaries as a willful display of dominance.
"I know." Sam mumbled. "But it just felt... you were just okay with it."
Triggers at the bottom
Full disclosure I don't know anything about the USA, it's education system, or what an MBA is
"Lucky for you, whatever you said about your mother, I didn't hear." Crowley replies.
He mopes a little, once he unpacks, but then starts setting things up. A new mattress, memory foam. The wallpaper is somewhat faded in the kitchen, so he hires a beta worker to replace it all with a reasonably close match. The couch too, it's not bad but it looks... tired, so Castiel donates it and buys one that complements the existing décor.
"Gay as in literally?" Sam clarifies whether Dean's just being a dick.
"Huh. Can you give me an example?" Sam asks, more curious now than amused.
His stepfather sighs. "I know. Your mother is just -no, she wouldn't want me talking about her to you like this. Just know that the smells were anger and hurt."
"Yeah." he mumbles.
There are highlights from John's police statement describing the man, and a map of John's known movements related to the case, leads followed. There's also another, smaller folder inside. It seems the private investigator, or whoever Crowley hired, went the extra mile and researched the killer. A list of possible sightings, similar crimes in other states, and potential aliases and gang affiliations. In the last six years, John seems to have hit a dead end in his investigation.
"Touché. But the wall going down wasn't exactly a good thing either."
"... No. I don't think you should." Castiel decides, and John stops and stares at him angrily.
Crowley stares back, and then sighs. "Castiel?"
, and Dean can't help but feel a little vain.
"... I'll take care of you every way you let me." Castiel says quietly.
"Yes."
"Listen... you know from experience that I always do a thorough background check on anyone who may become a part of my close friends and family."
"I much prefer Cas."
", but most of the top results were for women.
Castiel sighs. "You can ask me for that kind of thing sober, okay?"
Dean is finding that something is not quite right in this hospital
"Shut up and kiss me, angel." Dean insists.
He considers telling a doctor about it, but... this is kind of embarassing. He keeps thinking people are saying gay and bi? They'd think he's a closet case gone crazy.
"Oh?" Sam asks.
"No, say it like
"What? Why?"
Castiel bristles. "Why not?"
Dean realizes.
"... thanks Balth."
"Research or Hentai?" he asks jokingly.
As he goes to purchase food, he overhears her speaking "- obviously the true best super power is being able to stop time like Zach Morris -" and he stands corrected.
The next page confirms it. John started bringing Dean along on some of his bounty hunts when he was as young as 13. Castiel is horrified.
He needed that right now. He was still pretty rattled from dying, after all, despite the calming aura of Heaven.
actual explanation for this bullshit? Some kind of... weird Heaven rule that I don't know about, says you can't visit Earth after being in the Empty, or something like that? Cause you better lead with that."
Naomi and Crowley both ask about how his first day was. He's had no strong impressions so far but fills them in on what little happened, and they seem pleased enough with how it's going.
"You better." Dean mumbles. "Need to hold onto you for a while. Till it feels like you're not going away."
He clears his throat nervously. "Dean? My name is Castiel, I'm so very -"
He looks askingly at the older woman. "I'm sorry. Just have him scent me and he'll know I'm telling the truth. You can keep the guns on me, I just really need to meet him."
Castiel nods. "Okay. I'm really glad you're giving me a chance -" Dean glares at him "- to get to know each other." Castiel hurriedly finishes.
Once he left Bobby to take a drive, he tried to figure it out but just got angry instead.
Castiel thinks that there's something wrong with Dean because he doesn't want a typical omega lifestyle.
Dean looks and smells amazing. He's wearing jeans and an emerald button up shirt that brings out his eyes. Maybe it's a good sign?
He ponders for a moment. "At least not that way. We could have a surrogate, if you like. Or adopt."
"You do that a lot. But it's fine. If you actually want to bring him, then I'm happy to do it."
"But you're further away now." pouts Dean.
As interesting as that is to Dean because of the curse, it mostly just pisses him off because it reminds him that he's being messed with.
"Huh. Guy's dead though, right?"
"We've been looking for the right buyer for a while now." Barry answers. "This part of town's not what it used to be, so most folks that still want to raise kids here can't afford the place anyway. We'd consider lowering the price or renting to a family, but then we wouldn't be able to afford our new place."
"Yup." the nurse answers. He tucks some thick towels under Dean. "Can't let you develop any infections cause of bacteria build-up."
" but gets a bunch of porn, and one article about a guy who had a brain injury and claims he turned gay after it.
Dean frowns. Sure, he did sometimes get unexplained arousal anyway. He'd been told in high school health class that random boners are just a part of life as a dude. But those two events were pretty close together, and maybe it wasn't a coincidence...
Dean smells of rotten apples now, and Castiel can only assume it's the same hurt that he hears in his mate's voice. He doesn't like it, his alpha doesn't like it.
Castiel frowns. "Why's it obvious? You haven't gotten to know me at all yet."
That was cool and all, but he couldn't let himself get distracted and go off on a tangent right now.
Castiel does his research, and decides on a Cajun restaurant not far from Dean's neighborhood that has good reviews. He'll probably feel safer on his own territory. He calls and books seating, just in case.
stalking an omega through the streets to this bar? We don't take kindly to that kind of thing in here."
The nurse frowns, then seems to notice what Dean's uncomfortable about.
And there's only so many cowboy movies, episodes of Dr Sexy, and so much porn, that one man can watch.
Castiel knows he shouldn't be letting another alpha push him around or threaten him, should probably make her submit, but he really doesn't want to start problems with someone clearly so close to Dean. So he shrugs of her hold on his shoulder and says "I'll thank you not to make threats, empty or otherwise. I'll warn you, I'm perfectly capable of looking after myself." He puts down a generous tip and marches out the door.
Dinner time rolls around, and Castiel is dreading it. He comes up to the door, knocking, and to his surprise Dean is ready and steps out right away.
Dean snorts. "Yeah, Dad made me wear my date night outfit. Said I better not sabotage this on purpose."
Dean chuckles. "Dad did one too. He didn say much, just that you're legit."
Plus, normally Dean wouldn't let Sam talk to him about this stuff because he didn't want to have to think about it. Now, he was going to be forced to think about it anyway.
"Thanks." she pants, and Castiel notices that the woman's an omega. She smells like strawberry bubblegum.
"Hey!" Dean protests, now regretting this.
"Yeah, I just..." Sam shakes his head. "I'm still surprised you'd actually do it."
"Well, there are other tricksters in mythology. That's one avenue to explore." Sam continues. "I guess we need to collect data. You're stuck here for now, and it doesn't seem to be anything dangerous, so..."
"Dean has a job, they have my number, and the rent's paid for a month. They're
Castiel frowns. "Isn't the phrase 'get this show on the road'?"
to go on dates anymore, Dean will jump at the chance to be free of him. But if Dean will never let his guard down on forced dates, then this is an exercise in futility.
Dean really
Castiel sighs. Their food arrives, and Dean stuffs his face with jambalaya, while Castiel pokes at his corn maque choux and sausage.
"Wassa matter, alpha?" Dean asks, clearly drunk indeed. "It's not omega-like?"
"Well for a start, you drunk dialed me at 9:30pm."
"Good advice, though I'm not going to have
"Someone who doesn't want you abandoning Sam and Dean."
If Dean doesn't answer, he's not really sure what to do. Leaving seems irresponsible, but breaking and entering seems extreme.
Well, now who knows if he'll sleep at all tonight.
"... I thought all omegas wanted to have kids." Castiel says, bewildered.
Dean side-eyes him, then starts singing what he's hearing instead.
Today he wasn't a good alpha, he knows, and he doesn't know how to feel about that.
John took the pages. Somehow, with some sleight of hand, he'd managed to separate them.
"Of course." Castiel assures him.
Dean hits pause.
Dean wanders back into his house, and Castiel follows. There's an empty whiskey bottle in the kitchen sink, but otherwise things seem to be in order.
Normally he'd just pray, but... wait, did prayers still work if you were in heaven?
Sam just stares at him.
"Says who?"
"I tried to kill Sammy. I might not be sure about a lot of stuff, but I'm 100% sure that I don't want that on any level at all."
The bar doors swing open behind him, and he looks back to see an older alpha walking into the bar. He looks strong but his skin is sallow and he smells like beer, this early in the day. An alcoholic, Castiel supposes.
" he says exasperatedly. "It's been
She turns to him. "You should know now that I ... do not have very strong maternal feelings. Please do not take it personally."
"This thing wants you to question your sexuality, so I don't know... maybe it will be satisfied if you at least try it."
"Dean." Cas breathes, shocked.
"Whatever. Go ahead. I tried to fix it." Castiel says, exasperated.
"You know, you're remarkably chatty today." Crowley sniped. "Usually when I try to convince you of something you're all snappy comebacks or silent resentment."
Dean is quiet on the short car ride, but he seems surprised that they don't go far.
"You seem quite sure of yourself." Castiel notes, amused.
/////////////////////////////
The sponge brushes him firmly, his arms, his face, and Dean starts to relax a little. It's actually a nice enough feeling.
Still, the memory of Mick can't help but return every now and then.
"Really?" Dean says uncertainly.
Dean's face shutters again.
"Well, welcome aboard." the omega says with a friendly smile. "I'm Charlie, IT department."
After another moment, she sits back down and says "There's a box of flash drives in the second drawer of my desk in the IT department. There's one that says Alohomora on it. Can you bring it to me? People can point out my desk for you if you ask."
Triggers:
Sam looks like he's gonna throw up. "Dean, why would you tell me any of that?"
"Hey Dean." he acknowledges, then stares at Castiel. "This the asshole you told me about?"
And right away, they both acted as if it had never been any different. Cas because he saw no point in explaining or justifying the obvious, any more than he would comment on a change in weather. And Dean, as a challenge to anyone, especially Sam, to comment on it.
John looks at Ellen. "It's my boy, isn't it?"
"... yeah." Sam grumbles. "Won't attack."
Cas confessed that he liked when Dean got happy drunk, and a little sloppy.
"Geez Sammy, first the 'research' you told me to do, then this. You keep reacting to this stuff like it ain't your idea." he jibes.
. Dean thought nervously.
Not to mention, he's still injured bad enough that he can't see this being fun even if he's into it.
"No doubt." Dean agrees, feeling more at ease with everything now as the nurse packs his trolley and waves bye.
"Why does everyone keep calling me that?" Castiel mutters out loud, and Dean laughs for real this time. It's gorgeous.
".... so yeah, both the sponge bath and the prostate exam gave me a boner!" Dean concludes.
"I'm not." Castiel insists. "Traditionalists are... the kind that don't let their omegas leave the house unless they're grocery shopping or something domestic."
"Damn straight."
Dean wondered.
"Anytime." he says, and she gives him a very searching look. It makes him a little nervous, to be honest.
"I think that's enough! I'm clean!" Dean squeaks out.
He's dwelling too much on things. Especially Cas.
"How do I 'collect data' while sitting here on my ass?" Dean questions.
"Maybe if our dear mother had been a better -"
Dean wakes up, realizing it was just a dream.
Dean cocks an eyebrow. "Sounds like your parents had a good marriage."
"It is. Just an old biblical one, like mine. He jokes that that's why we're meant to me friends. I call him Balth for short."
"No, but it feels right, right now." Dean answers. "I don't need to eat either but I'm gonna do it anyway, too."
"Hell yeah!" Dean said, even though he knows Sam is teasing. "Just like being a patient on the show."
"Bold of you to be making requests." Dean says suspiciously. "What is it?"
to start off ugly, so maybe you're right."
Dean swears up and down that he will.
They sit there awkwardly after ordering.
"You already are!" Sam yells, and Castiel has officially failed to defuse the young alpha.
thing. You're meant to be together. If you were alpha or beta I'd have more trouble making you do the right thing, but I'd still be trying."
Dean's sitting on the couch, Sam grabbing him thing to keep him occupied, when he decides to bite the bullet and say something.
"Don't start trying to buy my affection." Dean says annoyed, but when they get in the car he takes the box and hold it delicately in his lap so it would be safe while Castiel drives him home.
"It's a fine line." Dean says. "I
"How considerate." Dean says in an amused tone. "I'll take the last option. Think I'll hang around and shoot some pool after."
He's surprised to find he has a knack for it, the clear boundaries and rules, the physical exertion suiting him. She jumps on this, sending him to private lessons in a variety of martial arts. He enjoys them all, and develops a wiry strength, and she unnecessarily lectures him that it's his responsibility to use it only in self-defense.
"Then one day, three years later, I woke up to my mating bite burning and going grey. He died, somewhere, somehow, and all I could think was that I was free. I received life insurance. I moved us to a new town. As far as anyone knew, I'd never been abandoned, just tragically widowed. People helped, they gave me work, felt sorry for us."
"And what happens when you both finally realize I'm not budging?" Dean asks.
"You don't require sleep in Heaven." Cas states.
" and then closed that tab when most of the results were conversion therapy.
Castiel punched Michael in the face.
"Listen, John Winchester, you better make sure your sons are looked after while you're gone -"
Dean groans, lolling his head back.
"Because I don't want kids."
Cas lowers his eyes, looking ashamed. "I understand, I'm sorry Dean. I should have -"
He thinks.
Yes, Castiel thinks. An apartment? A house. Yes, a house. They'll need room for pups.
Castiel frowns. He didn't want people thinking he was some overconfident alpha asshole.
Crowley nods. "Well, I'm not bothered. Besides - " he smiles. "You know, I changed my last name too at our age. Was born Fergus Roderick MacLeod. But it was the only thing my witch of a mother ever gave me, and I didn't want it."
"Yeah." Dean lies. He doubts Castiel will give up completely, at best he's expecting unwanted bouquets to show up at his doorstep or something. But hopefully he can hide that from Sam. The kid had enough distractions and worries.
Castiel blinks. His brothers would know. That would be very uncomfortable.
"It's really nice, though, Balth." he continues. "It's got four small bedrooms, besides the main. There was the option to buy it furnished, which I checked that I was interested in because the couple put so many years into this house, it all looks like... home."
"Hey Balth." he smiled. "I'm just calling with some pretty big news - I found my true mate."
Castiel frowns at the ground, looking... guilty. "I may have a reason you could be mad at me."
"And you're the only one who wanted it furnished." Barry tells him. "I'm sure you'll change a thing or two but you can appreciate what good is there."
"Are you saying you aren't just as pretty as Belle?" she jokes. "Although the beast is
"What? Here?" Dean asks, looking confused.
He sighed, and called Balthazar. He was good with romance. Or getting laid at least, but it was something.
"No." Dean says.
John slaps him on the back. "Don't start getting down, he'll come around. You know, I met my true mate in a bar..."
"Don't talk about him like that." snaps Castiel.
"Thanks for everything doc." he says. He's still feeling shy, but the man had a finger in his ass, for god's sake, so surely Dean can look him in the eye.
Jo laughs at that. "That's the spirit. Yeah? He seemed more clueless than asshole to me."
"Dude, you have school tomorrow." Dean scolds.
"- madly in love with me, and would 'move Heaven and Earth' for me -"
He drives down, and there's a nice elderly couple living in it. They introduce themselves, Martha and Barry, and tell him that they're selling because they've retired and want to downsize for a profit.
Dean laughs, and Castiel urges him to lie down on his side, pulling the blanket over him.
More serious than I intended, but I guess it can't all be goofy
Dean whips around. "Just so we're clear, I didn't mean to be all friendly or ... anything else, last night, and it didn't mean anything. You might as well forget it ever happened."
"Cassie! How's it going?"
he thinks privately to himself, after a moment.
"Nice." Dean agrees, heading to the kitchen to make breakfast. "You want eggs, Cas?"
The next day, Dean tried a new avenue of research. Had this curse made him technically 'bisexual', at least temporarily? His body was reacting, yeah, but he just wanted to be sure.
Dean, being an omega, is still legally John's ward, of course. Omegas can only officially be emancipated if their legal guardians die and there are no viable replacements named, or relatives.
" Naomi insists, and she smells not just sour like her anger, but like bleach, which Castiel doesn't recognize. "All our hard work, and for what? For you to just abandon your responsibilities just because your mate has?"
"Come on dad. You need me for... hunting. And who's gonna look after Sammy?"
"Hey Sammy, didn't that guy look a lot like Dr Sexy?" Dean asks on the way out.
He feels a little bad for leading the guy on, especially since he'd apparently worked up the nerve to make a move on a guy for the first time.
He thinks of the first time he made Cas smile on that park bench, and is shaken.
"Hmmm." Crowley says, suddenly behind Dean and reading over his shoulder. "Oh yes, I remember the triplets. Among other things. Oh, the fun we had..."
Not, you know, referring to the 'fun' that demon Dean insisted on having with almost any willing person that smiled at him. Dean thought he got laid fairly regularly, but apparently demon Dean was a borderline sex addict. Not the kind of thing Dean was into.
There's no evidence of Dean being involved in the captures, though.
wondered Dean.
"Okay..."
John orders another beer and launches into the story of meeting Mary, his late wife and Dean's mother, how wonderful she was and how perfect their relationship was, and Castiel finds it charming although Dean doesn't soften.
Dean nods. "Goodbye, Cas."
"But I don't
Dean comes home. His dad's out on a hunting trip, but Sammy's there, greeting him happily.
"You just seemed so... well." Cas mumbles.
Castiel apologizes, and goes to bed exhausted.
"Oh, buddy, that happens all the time when people get spongebaths. Don't worry about it."
"If you do I'm sure you'll change your mind." John continues. "He's your true mate. And if you don't go on these dates, or try to scare him off on purpose, I swear to god I'll sign you over on the spot for your own good."
"No, I love this place." Dean says with a smug smile, and gets out before Castiel has a chance to come around and open his car door for him.
Dean pushed the laptop aside. He was feeling kinda stir-crazy, being stuck in the bunker. He was feeling a little better.
"You're going to have to be more specific than that." Cas replied.
"Uh..." Castiel feels a little taken aback, but he wouldn't feel right denying John knowledge about his mate's killer. That part's just reports of crimes and sightings anyway, surely it's not the
He brings the plate in when he's done, and gets an approving moan from Dean which makes his cheeks flush.
He focuses on his little brother, standing in the living room looking accusingly at Cas. "Oh! Sammy! Shit. It's uh... fine. Yeah, Cas is just here because I, uh... called him."
"Winchester, but call me John, you're gonna be my son-in-law."
He replies coldly that he'd decided that the forced dates were counterproductive, and that he should have known better, and so should John, and then hangs up.
Castiel sighs. "He came and confronted me a few weeks ago after we stopped seeing each other. Wanted to know why. Then we got talking about the background check my stepfather shared it with me. It turned out that my stepfather hired a real professional... and um... John may have read it and learned something new about your mother's killer."
automatically know.
Crowley lights up, and Naomi's happy laughter drifts down to where Castiel is dressing to see the real estate agent. He really is very happy for her.
Esbon has a cafe (with about 8 items on the menu, but it's a cafe), and even a small restaurant/bar that is ironically called Sam's Place.
Castiel joins him, not sure of the protocol here. He's pretty sure true mate law says he doesn't even need John's permission to mate Dean, just Dean's, but he doesn't want to start off on the wrong foot here.
Naomi frowned. "It may seem odd. So I won't assist, you can do it when you're 18."
"Just anxious to get home, I think." Dean guesses. "Or too many cheeseburgers."
don't want kids?"
"Then what IS the problem?" Naomi asks.
, huh?"
The awe was... Dean wondered about that.
Dean realizes angrily. He closes the tab, and feels a strange swell of emotion.
Castiel wonders, as Dean orders pecan pie for dessert and he follows suit. Dean is... very different from most omegas, he suspects. Maybe that makes sense, since he's his true mate and Castiel himself is different. It also sounds like John Winchester wasn't there to guide Dean like Naomi did for him, so Dean's never adjusted to being an omega the way Castiel has to being an alpha.
Sam sighs. "It's really over?"
"Yeah. Go ahead." Dean says, trying to think about gross monsters instead of the warm, soft pressure against his body, especially when the guy cleans his more...
"None of that, now." Naomi insists. "Anyone who gets to know you will know that you're the gentlest alpha there is." She frowns at that. It had been a year now and Castiel's alpha instincts hadn't really kicked in properly. He didn't feel very territorial or feel the need to prove anything to anyone. This didn't bother him so much, but he hoped he'd be a a good alpha to an omega someday.
"If it makes a difference to your choice, just know that I'm not against you mating him despite this information."
Dean snorts. "Wow, high bar, dude."
Dean shakes his head.
"Hey there." a southern voice drawls. "The name's Mick. I'm your nurse tonight. I'm here to help get you cleaned up."
"Dean?" he replies suspiciously. "Are you drunk?"
Dean paused. "I seemed fine." he repeated.
"Yeah, but that was the cage with Lucifer-"
"Fine." Dean pulls his laptop back up.
"I'm not sure that's -"
"That's none of your -" Dean cuts off, glaring at Sam. "I didn't tell you about that! How'd you know?"
Dean looks at him for a while, like he's trying to size him up. He sighs, and says "Okay, yeah. Let's just get into it, cause you're... I don't know. There's something weird about you."
Dean would be so happy. Like him and Mary. God, he loved her so much. That's why no matter how goddamn much they fought, neither could ever leave. Because it was still perfect, dammit, better than anything else could ever be.
The omega comes out, and even though he's angry he's so clearly lovely. Castiel is blown away by his green eyes and he's also happy to see the omega is somewhere around his age, give or take a couple of years.
"Ah, still so direct." Crowley shakes his head. "A man like me doesn't get married without a thorough background check. Just to make sure the skeletons in the closet aren't too crowded." he winks.
Dean snorted. "Don't need to. No traditionalist would be compatible with me."
"And thank you, for being responsible." the doctor replies. "You don't know how many men avoid this for years until something's wrong, just because they find it too embarrassing. It's a sign of maturity to put your health over pride."
"As if he could lay a hand on you without losing it." John laughs. "You carry that knife everywhere, like I taught you." he gestures to Dean's ankle, where he knew a hunting knife was strapped. "And you know how to use it. If he somehow got it into his head to try something you said no to? You'd probably castrate that asshole. Honestly, I warned him off more for his sake than yours."
"You got it!"
Sam sniffs. "Well good. You better put up more of a fight next time."
, he supposes.
"Nah." Dean waves his hand. "I don't think he'll like, punch me or anything like that. He'll just be all shitty about it."
"This is a part of the new approach, based on an article I read by your psychologist." Naomi informs him. "Most people are naturally inclined to hide or minimize their strong feelings, and this can lead to scent confusion in those that... aren't naturally inclined to reading people.
"Aaaand I'm outta here." Sam announces, picking up the plates and scurrying off before Dean started doing any more 'research'.
Sam sighs. "Can't argue with that."
"Hey, it was your idea." Dean shrugs. "I couldn't think of anything else."
"Hello young man!" Barry says, and Castiel can tell he's on speakerphone. "Martha and I wanted to call you personally and tell you we want to sell the house to you."
discussions of rape(forced mating) and of infertility. character briefly lies about being infertile.
Crowley rolls his eyes. "Unless one of them wants a house, of course."
"So you're the alpha dad was talking about." Sammy says angrily.
"If anyone could screw this up, it's Dean..."
Dean's eyebrows are up very high. "Just like that, huh, absolutely no free will involved."
Crowley shrugs. "Not yet, but it may come in useful eventually. If you want, you can keep that folder. Just don't go flaunting it around."
Dean blinks, finally lowering his phone too. "How?"
to be -"
He gets up, and hands it in. Crowley reads it quickly, nodding to all the things he remembers as well.
He throws down the remote in frustration.
"And once people know you can handle yourself," She finishes gleefully. "then they won't dare take issue with you if you're accidentally a bit rude."
Dean hears the lube squeezing out and tries not to have a Pavlovian response to a sound he usually associates with sex.
"Besides," Crowley adds "sounds like he's not the most conventional omega himself, so I don't think he'll be complaining if he finds out."
"Oh. Doesn't he know about the -"
Naomi glares at him, sour lemon tickling his nose. "Don't be immature. It's not only insane people who see psychologists. This one is actually an expert in scent reaction issues. All you must do is talk to him. If he can't help with the scent recognition then he will help you adjust to your condition."
part. "... sure."
He frowned. He hadn't had a head injury, but he had had an accident right? But no. He'd had worse, and the docs definitely would've mentioned potential brain damage.
"Alright, so you know about the bounty hunting. Did Dean tell you?"
"Your father. Has he been gone more than usual? Mention a new lead on your mother's case?"
Triggers at the bottom
"A month minimum. And then few months no hunting." Sam said firmly. "And I don't want to hear any complaints -"
"Yes, sir?"
Dean shakes his head. "It was... three quartrs full, maybe more, I unno."
"It's not just that." Naomi insists. "You need this too. You can't be getting into fights all the time, you'll get hurt badly once you're grown. Can you even smell that I'm upset? I'm your mother, you should know my scent best of all, and you can't even do that."
"Last time I checked." Dean jokes.
He gets up, pacing a little and taking a swig of his beer. He laughs a little louder, bitterly.
Castiel keeps trying to make friends with Charlie
"I'm sorry you feel that way." he tries, but it seems to make Sam angrier.
Sam shrugs. "Well, I'm sure you enjoyed the similarity."
Sure enough, 10 minutes later his cellphone is ringing. "Castiel Novak speaking."
people. And Castiel's gotten used to ignoring his own thoughts in favor of acting like an alpha, but Dean's alpha brother Sam and friend Benny both thought Castiel was being a terrible person too. They know Dean best of all, surely, and must know that Dean can't just submit the way most omegas want to.
At least, that's how it was in front of others. In private, they reminisced sometimes.
"Glad you understand when you're beat." John laughs. "I'll see you when this son of a bitch is in the ground."
Sam quirks an eyebrow. "Since when?"
"Oh, great. Thank you." Charlie nods to him as she plugs it in and starts typing and clicking furiously.
Sam throws up his hands. "Fine. You think of something. I've got to make your crippled ass some dinner."
Cas frowns. "Yes, I mean the glare was pretty clear."
"You're under 21. And drunk dialing isn't a good look for anyone." he replies. He should hang up, but first... "Are you somewhere safe?"
"By the way, my name is Castiel Novak, Mr.... " he looks at John.
"I got out a couple of months ago." Cas continued cautiously. "And checked in on you and you were... playing with your dog. And going on hunts. You seemed okay. Happy even."
"Oh." Dean deflates. "Fine. Sammy, you're done right?"
"Thank you." Dean says, nodding but not really making eye contact. He didn't want to embarrass himself.
"You bring those back, now!"
Naomi makes a dismissive noise. "He doesn't know how lucky he is. And I'm not just saying that because I'm your mother."
"God fucking damnit." Dean groans. Well, at least it didn't wake him.
"Hey, don't act like you aren't -"
Content warnings:
"Love ya, Cassie. Let me know how it goes."
The doctor withdrew, handing Dean some paper towels. "All done! You're prostate's good as new. Shouldn't have any problems, but all men over 45 should get it checked at least once a year if you want to catch anything bad early."
"I don't want to share." Dean argues.
Sam looks absolutely floored, and Dean relishes the victory.
"So you gonna hit on our server like you usually do?" Sam ribs him. "You're a little too beat up for a hookup."
The bar isn't busy since it's a Thursday night, so Jo gets a break. Okay, and maybe she wants to check in on Dean, who's been left at the Roadhouse by Castle or whatever his name was.
"I'll get your pillow and blanket."
He'd worried a little about getting older, but now that he's hit his 40s he's found that he likes the way his features have gotten harder, more mature.
So I backed away from the edge. I stopped drinking so much. Walked the dog more often. Ate Sam's rabbit food. You wanna know why I slept so good, Cas? I took pills. And I don't mean fun stuff, I mean honest-to-God doctor-prescribed sleeping pills. Antidepressants too."
"Not one bit." Sam retorts, but then his voice starts to waver. "Plus you weren't even actually dying, so you scared the shit out of me for no reason at -"
Naomi follows his path with a frown. "You seem tense. Are you nervous about the date?"
Castiel checks out his new job, works on the house, and waits for Dean
"Yes, well, it sounds like he'll be determined not to have a good time." Balthazar replies. "Doesn't sound like he'll feel safe with you."
He picks out a nice pair that will match with his suit. His trench coat will do.
"I don't know what happened or where he went. I filed a missing person's report but the investigation showed that he'd left intentionally. He'd packed his clothes, quit his job, and taken all his documents. Of course, everyone looked down on me, an omega abandoned by her mate. It was a great struggle, Castiel, to care for you three boys."
Crowley looks hurt. "I thought the deal was off."
Dean relaxes a little.
"Castiel? You smell... well, you're a whirlwind. Are you okay?" she asks.
"Not every day you meet an unmated omega in this line of work. She smells real sweet too."
"We could, but I also have an idea." Cas elaborates. "You know how I can put people to sleep with my grace?"
Castiel sighs. "I was afraid you'd say that. I... really wish you'd reconsider? I know we got off on the wrong foot, but I think if you got to know me you'd see that we could be happy together."
Trigger warning at the bottom
"A courtship." snorts John. "Fine, whatever."
Castiel blinks. "What do you mean, in the ground?"
"A friend, Cassie, not your mom. Or an omega you happen to talk to a little at my parties, or telling your brother's wives how good their food is at Christmas. Someone you hang out with on purpose."
." Sam snaps. "You don't get to call me Sammy."
To his surprise, John decides to show up at his door that night.
Dean stirs, then groans as a pang shoots through his head. "Quiet."
Dean looks at him warily. "I just don't, alright? I don't want to mate an alpha ever. You said I didn't have to, Dad."
If Dean did something similar, would he mind? Castiel decides not, and so he reaches out and takes the folder.
John whistles as he browses. "Crowley's got some serious connections, this guy's got access to the FBI database. Some of this stuff took me ages to get ahold -"
"You know, I didn't know at first that you could remember, and even after I couldn't actually understand." Sam says sadly.
"Who are you and what have you done with my brother?" Sam jokes.
"I'm hearing things... well, it's more like I'm
Surprisingly Michael has something to say about it. "How dare you disrespect our late father's legacy?!"
Castiel sighs. "I'll just... take him to some 5-star restaurant, I guess."
"Enough!" he growls, and is surprised at the level of alpha authority that comes out.
He opens his eyes.
Dean ignores him. He finishes the essay with Cas managing to restore him to humanity, sacrificing his remaining grace.
So that shit about Heaven had to have been some kind of near-death dream.
When Sam goes to the bathroom, Dean snaps a photo of the receipt, not wanting to take the original since Sam would probably notice it was gone.
The IT department seems surprised to see him, but one of the betas there points him to her desk. The box of flash drives is there, and Castiel fumbles through them. He doesn't know what "Aloha Mora" means, other than the first word being a Hawaiian greeting, but he supposes code phrases help cancel out the security risk of keeping these in an unlocked drawer.
Dean isn't sure he should be excusing it, but the fighting between Sam and Dad had turned dark lately and he needed it to stop.
Castiel doesn't know what to do. He wants to plead, but alphas don't beg. And he has to show Dean he'll be a good alpha to him.
Castiel sniffs. "Well, I'm certainly feeling less sympathetic towards his father."
Sam shrugs, looking frustrated, and sits down to eat.
"I'm Castiel. Nice to meet you, Sammy."
"But then he won't let me see him anymore."
the house, dear?" Martha asks once they're back on. "If you can't see yourself in it without your mate, that's fine, but we still think you're the best candidate."
Dean sighs. "He'll get suspicious if we don't."
They get into a cab outside, avoiding bring Baby to the hospital since their use of stolen identities would be discovered sooner or later. Changing license plates was a hassle.
"That's one option, but I can also put people into a more aware state." Cas explains. "I've been told its like being half asleep, as humans call it. Sounds and sensations can filter in, but you still can't move consciously."
Anyway, good luck at university. And stay in touch with your mother. I'm pretty sure you're her favorite, even though she'd never admit to such a thing. I don't want her moping around worrying."
"Great. In fact, why don't we bring my little brother along?"
him!" Dean said, and John scowled.
Dean shakes his head.
He'd always kinda assumed that they did.
They sit, and unlike a lot of these places there's a waiter instead of a waitress.
Castiel lets him go. Dean comes over to fuss over the young alpha, who rubs his wrists and continues to glare at Castiel.
The man looks back and forth at the situation. "You alright, Ellen?"
Well, Dean was about to find out.
The garage where dean works is owned by a man named Rufus Turner and is small but reputable. Castiel is glad that Dean hasn't tried to follow in his father's footsteps.
"John." she warns. "Don't be -"
John squints. "Azazel?"
doesn't want to. "It's just, random words, replaced. But there's a pattern..."
"Differences. A ton of them. They argued like, all the time. Lots of night of Dad sleeping on the couch or just taking off for days to cool down, mom crying or going on a pissed off cleaning spree."
"Oh. Good morning Sam."
Dean thinks, bizarrely proud at his ability to get off despite any intrusive thoughts.
Eventually she speaks. "You really can't smell at all that someone is getting irritated?"
"This wasn't part of the deal. I promised this manor is always open to him and any family he has."
Castiel sighs. "I think... this should be the last of these mandatory dates. It wasn't right of me to allow this whole situation to happen the way it did."
Sam shakes his head in disbelief, but doesn't get a chance to reply as a truck comes out of nowhere, horn blaring,
Sam shrugs. "It's not time-sensitive, you don't seem to be in danger, and we don't have any leads yet. What's the big deal?"
"Barely." snorts Castiel. "Whatever my dad went chasing, you're not that much better for chasing Azazel or whatever his name is."
She closes her eyes. "Your father didn't die when you were a baby, he died when you were three." He smells sourness, and she confirms it's the anger scent.
"If you don't want to, we can get our food packed to go and I can drop you home. Or I can go, and you can make your way home after eating. I picked this place because you're safe with Ellen and Jo, and it's very close to your house." Castiel explains.
doing here?"
"So, are we going to have the world's most awkward dinner together now?" Dean asks
"Nonsense, three alpha boys - or should I say men now? - under one roof, I'm surprised there hasn't been more tousling."
Castiel doesn't know what to do. He's never been on a courting date before.
"You just don't want him to need you around, or need protecting." It's John's fault Dean is convinced that alphas just trap you in lives you don't want, he's sure of it. Whatever narrative John is living in is of no interest to him.
"You didn't know him!" shouted his big brother.
"Well I'm apparently an idiot who didn't know he swings both ways." Dean mutters between kisses. "It took you saying it for me to start realizing what this feeling was."
And so Cas took care to overpower Dean a little more often in bed.
Taylor Swift comes on, and Dean tries not to be
He's a little offended at the forceful chuckle that bursts out of Sam. "What? I am!"
"I just wanted to make sure you got home okay..." Sammy says, and Dean melts. "Oh, Sammy." He gives him a hug. Sammy's not 'too old' for them today, it seems.
Dean shakes his head. "I love the kid, but I basically raised him on my own because my dad's to busy drinking and hunting since my mom died to do it himself. Not cause I love parenting or some crap."
"Ughh..." Dean groans, annoyed. "Whyyyy..."
"Submit." Castiel insists.
It sounds like Dean is starting to come down, so Castiel just nods and settles down to watch some tv with him, even though it appears that Dean has settled on infomercials.
"Actually. Why don't we eat
He usually kept his mind nice and busy listening to music, but that's not really been helping since this curse thing happened.
"... I could make you a grilled cheese sandwich?" he tempts Dean.
A young Castiel experiences some alienation and is made to feel like he's defective.
Balthazar sighs again. "Okay, Cassie, you know what? I can't do this anymore. You listen here: you need to stop this 'forced date' shit. It's unethical, it's fucking you up, AND it's fucking up your relationship with Dean."
Dean puts on music out of habit, and he feels a twinge of annoyance at the distortion.
"You slept better than I've seen you do before," Cas continued "And you prayed to tell me that Jack was looking for a way to get me out, but you didn't seem that upset. I thought you... didn't care as much as before. Because of what I said."
Sam's grades have gone from good to excellent since settling down, Castiel notices. Not surprising, stability is important for a child.
, you understand me? Not just a... default."
Balthazar huffs. "I don't know Cas, most alphas would either respect his wishes and give him space, or force a mating bite on him. Never heard of this weird in-between act. You want me to tell you how to make him like you? Darling, I have no idea."
He blinks. He's not used to these thoughts and impulses. Pups can wait, he's only finished college and he'll have to see how many Dean wants and when he wants to have them.
"Well I don't want spit in my food." Castiel retorts, and Dean snorts, then looks angry that Castiel made him laugh.
Dean forces himself to focus on the picture of him fishing on the dock. Blue skies, low wind... until he manages to fall asleep.
"But, yeah... I couldn't leave Sammy alone, you know? Not after all this, after he's lost so much too." Dean continues. "And you. Cas, you sacrificed yourself to keep me alive. I'd be spitting in your face.
Including the raunchy scenes.
Castiel reeled. He'd had no idea.
Dean thinks.
"Yeah, you're welcome for talking some sense into you." Balth replies smarmily. "Now repeat after me -
Castiel didn't really like the sound of that, but he supposed it wouldn't hurt to check if he was sick.
"... you shouldn't be here." Sam grumbles, fists clenched.
Crowley is pleased, but as he wrinkles his brows irritatedly at the crying, Castiel can tell he wouldn't have the temperament to be a proper father. Luckily he's wealthy enough that all the bumps in the road will be smoothed over if he is willing.
He decides not to share any more, the older couple have had their gossip and it seems to have made them happy. Maybe he also indulges in the fantasy that he's just a nice, patient alpha waiting for his true mate to come around.
"No." Dean says.
"Sleepover. Kevin. Nice kid."
Castiel pulls up to the Winchester residence, and knocks on the front door. He's left waiting.
"You've been
Why do you have to drink so much and be so self-destructive, Dean?
"Huh?" Dean says distractedly. "Yeah I'm fine."
"Good." John nods, and gives him a warning look. "Because you really don't want to find out what happens if you do."
are you doing? Get off of him!"
His memories of that are clearer than he would like.
He's startled when he hears a request dedicated to his name. But Dean is hardly a rare name, and it clearly has nothing to do with him. His hunter's instincts just don't like coincidences.
"Hey." he greets. "How'd it go?"
Dean chuckles. "Yeah, but this 'date' is a joke. Let's go."
Dean stares at him, and huffs out a laugh. "You've gotta be kidding me."
They end up lying on the bed, Dean's arms still wrapped tightly around Cas. He can't bear to let go yet.
and you didn't try to contact him?"
Most of the alphas stay to wat at their desks and work through lunch, but two of his alpha coworkers decide to join the betas in the cafeteria so Castiel decides it's okay for him to do that too.
Dean sighs.
As for the question of children... he'd always just assumed that barring fertility issues, he would be expected to sire pups for his mate. That his mate would have a strong biological need to have them and to deny them would be cruel. But if Dean doesn't feel paternal, maybe it's not right to push him into it. Castiel can wait until he's ready, and if Dean never manages to make that breakthrough, he can live with that.
?" Dean decides, since sexy spongebaths aren't really dinner conversation.
"Okay."
"Seems like you know what yer doing." Dean comments, waving the half-demolished grilled cheese.
"Dean." Castiel says, hurt. "I wouldn't. I'm really just trying to make sure you're safe."
level of consent. And I'm glad you weren't worried about me then, while I was out worrying I'd have to fight off a rapist. I'm glad
"He's 14. And what, you're gonna start looking after him?"
Dean shrugs. "Maybe a beta, or even an omega." Castiel tries not to look shocked at that. He knows some people have same-secondary relations, but
Dean nods, then says "Was my girlfriend, in Missouri."
He and Michael stood and apologized. "Sorry sir, we didn't -"
"I can be a handsy drunk." Dean replied.
John grabs a beer from the fridge instead of the water he was going to have, and storms off to his bedroom.
what I'm doing." mutters Dean grumpily, though he doesn't try anything again.
"But if two true mates both don't fit the dynamic - Maybe it's
"No, I'm not." Castiel says, trying not to get angry.
Castiel wonders if there's any significance in Dean's use of the word "can't", or if he's just grasping at straws. "Alright. I only have one request of you." he says.
"Oh, don't tell that boring story all over again." Ellen says, bizarrely. "You want a beer, John?"
"You got it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel shrugs. "I'm saying I never really thought about it as optional. Just thought I'd get mated and then pups would happen. But it's... okay, I think, if I don't have them."
Dean looks offended, and Castiel tries to figure out what to do. He'd never thought he'd meet his true mate, let alone be rejected by him. Weren't you supposed to instantly want to be with your true mate?
But it doesn't cause any problems, luckily.
"No, it was a background check."
"Oh." Castiel forgot. He hurriedly tries to think of a plausible way to take it back, but it no luck. "Well, I'm a step-child. My step-father was a beta, though, and he wasn't really involved with us because we were already teens. But I always appreciated him providing for us. So I guess that's why I feel differently."
Dean sets his phone aside and tries to go to sleep, ignoring the doubts rising back up.
"Yeah, haha." Dean says sarcastically, only Sam gives him his
Castiel catches sight of the corner of a greyed out mating bite peeking from under his collar, and rescinds his judgement. The man's a widower. Not everyone's as strong as Naomi.
He sighs. "Fuck it, might as well."
Sam's expression tells him that it hadn't occurred to him.
Sam comes back later to give him dinner, and finds him on the laptop.
He slaps Castiel's back and leaves him to wait in the living room.
"Hey!" he calls, but the man doesn't seem to hear him. He could be calling to anyone on the street, Castiel supposes.
He resigns himself to doing so once they get home.
Dean doesn't seem to mind Cas watching him sleep anymore, and when Cas wonders about it one night, Dean admits it hasn't bothered him since Purgatory.
"Or what?" John asks, clearly on speakerphone with the sound of the car rumbling around him. "You'll call the cops, tell them someone stole a copy of the info you got from some shady source with FBI access?"
"Well, you and Cas once literally put a wall in my head to repress memories, and that didn't work out so good." Sam offers smugly.
Dean thinks.
He turns and leaves before Castiel can find a retort.
Sam had spent a lot longer in the cage than Dean had in Hell.
"Oh, I'm sure." A young woman nearby scoffs, and he realizes she's pointing a gun at him too.
But I couldn't keep walking that line this time, Cas. It felt like standing at the edge of a cliff. There's this feeling that it's pulling you over the edge.
"Because you told me that you're very drunk and alone and I was worried."
"Thinking bout stuff." he decides to admit, surprising even himself.
Castiel waits for him to tire himself out, then from behind him hears Dean rushing down the stairs, saying "What the
He thinks.
Dean chuckles at that. This guy is about as nervous as he is, and for some reason that's making this easier.
Dean nodded. "Alright. I mean, it still doesn't make a difference to me, because I don't want an alpha."
"... Okay, I gotta ask... is this some kinda... weird way of coming out to me?" Sam asks. "Cause you know it's totally fine -"
Castiel could tell Dean really, really liked the pie, so he orders a box to go.
It was a nice motel, too. Not fancy, but clean, a comfy queen-size bed with Magic Fingers. The minibar was presumably free.
Dean frowns. "Does he call you Cas?"
"Alphas don take care of people."
Dean gets up. "I'm sorry I didn't tell you I was gonna have a friend over while you were gone. Did you have fun at Kevin's house?"
Castiel doesn't like the comment about him being weird. He doesn't want Dean knowing about his condition, not yet at least. Not before he knows
an omega. So you could force me to go and threaten to sign me off."
"Maybe you're just not ready, and you'll change your mind -"
He hears them muttering to each other for a little while, a hand placed over the phone instead of muting it.
The guy straight up
He inspects his wounds, then checks his blood pressure and heart rate. Dean can't help notice that the guy's aftershave is awesome. He feels too awkward to ask what it is, though. He still feels starstruck, especially getting a medical exam from this guy.
Dean preens a little.
he thought, but kept going since he was bored.
"Excuse me?" Naomi asks.
working out, working on Baby, driving, going out to get drunk and laid, even cleaning for Jack's sake.
Makes sense, really, once he considers it. That whole scenario didn't make a ton of sense. Sam's vague and blurry wife, Dean only meeting a few people in Heaven... he's surprised he didn't put it together even while in it.
"I'm not blind! Just talk to him!" Sam shouted. "Get over yourself and go tell him you feel the same way!"
"I've never done this before" Sam reads, and his expression softens. "But you're so hot... give me a ring sometime if you weren't just kidding. - Joe"
"Background check."
"I think I liked it the most before I understood how I felt." Cas added. "After I knew I wanted you, I felt some guilt for enjoying it in that way."
"Heya, Cas." Dean answers, sounding slightly incoherent.
"What?" Dean asks.
Castiel really doesn't know what to do anymore. If he tells Dean he doesn't
and if it they like it, they could take it further to dating or sexual experiences.
"You sure?" the doctor probes. "I mean think about it, you're already here. If I get it over with then you don't have to worry every time you go to the doctor's whether 'today's the day'. And if we catch anything early, you'll avoid all kinds of problems."
Castiel slows. The man is finally stopping somewhere, he doesn't need to run after him. Castiel runs his fingers through his hair, adjusts his tie. He hopes the chase hasn't ruffled him too much. Though if his omega lives in this part of town, he probably isn't hung up on freshly pressed suits, any more than Cas was before Crowley.
"Let me think about it." Dean says.
"Good." Balthazar says.
Okay, that was a weird thing to mishear.
"They shouldn't." Castiel argued. "It's no job for an omega."
"flirting, and yes I've realized."
Castiel eyes the folder. It's not thin. Or at least, not as thin as you'd expect.
He receives a follow-up text saying "We need to talk.", which he ignores.
"That's the spirit!" the doctor says happily, snapping on a glove.
He enters the Roadhouse, the place almost empty since it was early in the day, and is promptly met with a grumpy looking woman pointing a shotgun at him.
After researching, Dean had a pretty uneventful night. The curse or whatever seemed to be taking a break.
Saturday evening, after Castiel comes home from sparring to keep up his fitness and fighting skills, he gets a call from an unknown number.
He's wearing a green henley, and it's absolutely gorgeous on him. Castiel savors his smell on the very short drive to the Roadhouse, which is only a street away from Dean's.
////////////////
"Jesus Christ, Cassie." Balth says, once Castiel lays down his thoughts. "You know I don't care about all that alpha nonsense, you're just fine the way you are."
As the day goes on, Dean questions the taste of both his neighbor and the local radio station. There was also an odd amount of what he could only describe as "gay songs", and he did not mean that in any kind of derogatory way.
call the dude, since he does think he's hot under whatever spell this is.
Castiel pauses. "Or I'll find you and
"I didn't even realize he saw me -" she shoots him a look that says
Dean thinks, turning his attention back.
The one Cas sometimes visited.
"- know that I know? I haven't spoken to her about it."
"Jerk." Sam shoves him gently.
"Quit acting like such a martyr. You got a true mate and he's good looking, rich, and patient as all hell. And don't try to sell me that you don't find him attractive or don't like him, cause I know from experience all that true mate stuff is true. It's the most amazing thing that can happen to you. In a year from now you'll be thanking me from whatever mansion this dude probably lives in."
"Yeah, Cas?"
Triggers at the bottom
"Not cool, Sammy!" Dean says, confused by his brother's reaction. "I'm not into that kind of thing. This... curse or whatever, is making me get turned on by gay stuff too!"
"Even if you're right, I can't just forgive you like that." Dean answers, shaking his head.
"Fine, let me just take a picture -" John says, fumbling with his phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel squints at him. "Why not?"
"Your doctor?" Sam asks. "I mean sure, a bit."
"Despite?" Castiel asks.
Normally he'd shrug, go off and have a beer and blow off some steam. But stuck at home and confined to bedrest, he decided to go ahead and try to figure out the feeling. It could be related to the case, after all.
Other than that, the day goes smoothly enough. His coworkers are friendly enough, more interested in alpha posturing by closing accounts rather than trying to intimidate anyone, and that suits Castiel just fine.
Dean is staring down at him, looking sleeping but contemplative. "Yer taking care of me."
"I'll talk about my boys as I please." John demands, then settles a bit. "Besides, it's not an insult because he'd do it on purpose. He's stubborn enough to override any natural instinct if he puts his head to it."
." he gasps. "I didn't think you felt the same way."
"So what is it?" Sam asks.
"... does this mean you want to... that you accept my proposed... amendments to our arrangement." Crowley mutters.
"I go hunting all the time." John dismisses.
"Cat got your tongue?" He asks irritably.
He's confused, thinking about Heaven, and Sam... did he seriously manage to have a car accident in Heaven? That didn't add up...
Dean's second day isn't as fun. Someone in a nearby room has a radio, and it plays terrible pop music most of the day, from the moment he wakes up.
"Hey Benny." Dean greets happily.
"Thank you?" Naomi wonders.
"No..." Cas started uncertainly. "I thought it would be better if I -"
Recovering from the accident, he couldn't really do most of the other stuff he distracts himself with
His packaged burger comes, and Castiel finally takes his leave. He feels very hollow as he drives away, but he's still holding on to hope. Maybe Dean just needs some time.
"Don't be like that." John says.
Dean pauses at that. As much as he's Mr Casual Hookup, and as little as homosexuality bothers him, this kind of feels like a big deal.
"Definitely don't do that either." Balthazar chides him. "Just take him somewhere... I don't even know how to describe this to you, rich boy."
"My father died when I was a baby."
"You don't answer to your mate." Castiel explains. "You said you struggle with your omega instincts, and clearly you still do, maybe there's just no point -"
"Sure." Dean agrees "But they weren't possessed by demons when they did that stuff."
That night Castiel goes back to Crowley's manor and has dinner with him and his mother. Naomi still seems a little distant since he upset her last time, but Castiel isn't sure if he should apologize if he doesn't actually understand what he did. And she doesn't seem to want to talk about it, so maybe he should leave it alone?
"That you didn't take mine?" Crowley smirked. "No offense to you or your brothers, but I wouldn't want that anyway."
"You'll buy him a ticket?"
"So, Dean." Castiel says as they wait for their food. Dean is drinking a beer tonight, likely feeling safe in such a familiar place so close to home. Good, that was his intention.
"Crowley knows about your condition." she assures him, surprising him. "He knows everything, actually. While you were away for college I ended up telling him about your father."
"That Charlie girl, though, she's a cutie." one of them says, and the others agree.
"How?" Castiel asks.
"... ew. Okay."
Sam came to visit, and Dean talked him into giving him headphones and an ipod.
"Says who?"
Castiel thinks about it. He's never truly felt like he has a choice, but... he supposes he does. He's pretty certain he would end up a societal reject, though. High school showed him how people feel about alphas that don't show the proper amount of dominance and instinct.
