Gabe grabbed his slice of bread and spooned some soup onto it, grinning as he took a huge bite. Sam and Dean tucked into their soup as Cas nibbled on his own bread while his cooled. Unlike his brother, he couldn't eat soup while it was still that hot. "Damn, this soup is better than it should be without any chicken in it. Yeah, I guess I could go for some fishing and pack advise tomorrow. When do we have to get up?"
"Try to do it like that if Crowley scolds you," the older omega offered helpfully, patting his friend on the back. "Also, never look him in the eye."
Crowley chuckled and ran his fingers over Balthazar's furred sheath, grinning unrepentantly as the wolf snapped at him. "Don't worry, I made the length adjustable." He moved the buckle forward one hole on the back strap, tightening it down and slipping his fingers underneath it to test the result. "There; how does that feel?"
Sam glanced up at his brother, carefully placing his cup on the table as he felt his father turn to watch the interaction. "Dean, I have to go. I've been conscripted."
Patience shook her head, eyes already glazing over as she returned to her vision. Unlike a true prophet, a psychic had no control over her mental flashes, sometimes seeing things that she could not understand or people that she had never met. "They are four brothers, and I think they are Celestials. They'll be in the capital city less than two weeks after the Spring Equinox."
Sam grinned and wrapped his arms around the omega, falling onto the bed with the Celestial stretched across his chest. "Gabe, I will court you, I will mate you, I will do anything you want. I'm just glad you're better."
"Thanks, Ellen," Mike replied, grinning as he headed toward the kitchen. He knew that it would probably be the last decent amount of food he would get until they closed, so he wasn't going to pass up such a generous offer.
"You kinda blew all the lights in the bunker," Dean replied, running his fingers through Cas's dark hair. He remembered when they first met, how messy and untamed it had been. Apparently Jimmy had been running his fingers through his own hair and pulling at his tie while talking to Cas, and the angel hadn't bothered to groom his vessel afterward. Now that the body was his alone, he had allowed the brothers to teach him how to take care of it. Dean did miss that messy, sex hair look, however. "This room may be soundproof, but it's not Voice-proof. We should look into warding for next time."
Zachariah carefully nudged one of the figures on the map over the mountains and dangerously close to the tiny town that guarded the Tung Shao Pass. It was one of the few ways to reach the Imperial City, and Castiel had known that the Huns would take the obvious route. "The Huns have struck here, here, and here," Zachariah explained, jabbing at the map with one beefy finger. "I will take my troops to the Tung Shao Pass and stop Dick Roman before he destroys this village." His touch was soft as he passed over that dot on the map, the splotch of ink that marked where his commoner mother had been born.
Metatron opened his mouth to offer some new, vicious barb, but Castiel's sharp glare silenced him once more. "Ok, soldiers, thanks to your new 'friend' Steve, you'll spend today picking up every single grain of rice and putting this camp back in order." A round of groans followed his words, but the alpha didn't bother to acknowledge them. "Tomorrow, the real work begins."
Cas leaned his head against Dean's shoulder, his empty bowl on the ground. "That sounds great. I could really go for some fresh venison."
"Kiss me again," the angel demanded, raising his head and staring at the hunter's lips. Dean freed his hand from Cas's feathers, cupping his cheek in one hand as he leaned down and let himself be pulled into another kiss. It was deeper and more insistent than the first, Cas eagerly parting his lips so Dean's tongue could delve into his mouth.
They drove back to the bunker in silence, each of them considering the implications of the failing Cage and mad archangel within. They were all pretty sure that they could keep Lucifer from escaping, but Michael was a new, unexpected problem that they were not prepared to combat. Cas thought back to his oldest brother, to that
Three turns later, Gabe had won it all back, rebuilt his hotels, and was grinning as Sam paid him rent, nearly depleting the big alpha's store of colorful cash. As the movie came to an end, and Dean would never admit that his eyes were misty as the dragons flew away, the four teens finally came to the conclusion that it could take days for one of them to emerge victorious and they were far too tired to keep going. Sam finally called an end to it, helping Cas separate all of the money, properties, and game pieces back into the appropriate boxes as Gabe and Dean folded up the game boards. Once they were all stacked neatly and returned to the deep bookshelf against the wall, Dean gathered the Novaks together in the back of the room.
Cas liked to think that he had known Dean long enough to recognize when the alpha was acting unusual, and he was definitely avoiding his pack mates, his spicy scent soured by the chemical aftertaste of blockers that he would normally never wear. When the omega tried to approach his mentor on Monday, Dean managed to neatly avoid him, even skipping lunch and going to study hall instead. Cas cornered Sam after school, tired of trying to get a few words with Dean, but even the younger alpha was vague and evasive.
Balthazar looked up as Crowley entered the room, curled against Kevin's side in a pile of ornate pillows as Alfie spooned him from behind. He still wasn't wearing any clothes, but he had wrapped himself in one of the warm blankets Crowley kept in the living area, more to satisfy a desire for protection than out of an actual need to keep warm. After the ordeal he had gone through, curling up with the two omegas was helping to ground him, though his wolf craved a different companionship. Crowley smiled as the omega whined, reaching out with one arm in supplication. "Tell me what you want, Zar."
The beta nodded, touching her fingers to the tattoo on the inside of her wrist. Unlike the one Balthazar wore, hers could reach any witch in the coven. She whispered something and waited for a response, nodding before looking back up at Balthazar. "Apparently she's already on her way. The witches sensed an upheaval of power last night and an explosion this morning so they were already planning to send her. Go back inside and she'll be here shortly."
Dean stared into the dim cell for hours, not tired enough to sleep and unwilling to disturb the slumbering angel, so he was left alone with his thoughts. He had no idea what to do about Michael or how to protect Castiel from his older brother, but he knew that he needed help. He shifted the angel away from him slightly, smiling as the raven-haired man grunted unhappily and tried to cuddle close again. He pulled Cas's left arm free and laid his palm over the invisible mark below his elbow, holding his breath as he fought against the deluge of emotions and tried to organize them into something he could comprehend. As soon as he had the link under control, he pushed deeper, searching for that cacophony of voices that comprised angel radio.
"I'm good, Kev. This march is nice, no matter what we find at the other end, and I think I'm bonding with the others. Benny, Balthazar, Charlie, and Anna specifically have been very kind to me. I'm going to miss them when this is over."
pleasure," Cas growled, stroking a little faster as he used his free hand to make Dean meet his gaze. "I definitely care about yours." Dean's eyes widened as the gold, which had faded to flecks, returned full-force. He bit his lips and glanced down, clearly wanting to ask something but not sure if he was allowed. "What is it?"
Jo finally looked up from her food, reaching across the table to take her mother's hand as the older woman's face slowly softened. "To bring honor to my family. Mom, I have no intention of dying; I'm strong and I've been practicing with Dad's swords my whole life. I'm ready for this, and someone has to be brave enough to defend us from the Huns. If not me, then who?"
Dean rested one hand on the small of Cas's back, offering every ounce of encouragement he could. "Look, Rowena really thinks you should try this before the weather changes again. She thinks it'll give you guys a bit more confidence in your abilities."
“You called me ‘babe’,” Gabriel whispered.
Kevin threw his head and turned away, mimicking Dean's voice as he walked toward the edge of the reeds. "Yeah, yeah, 'stand watch, Kevin, while I blow our secret with my stupid omega habits'. Hmph, hygiene."
"It's not really optional, brother. I'll get the pups ready today if you'll promise to get up when I leave." Cas grabbed his bookbag and fished out the bottle of scent blockers Dean had given him, spritzing his major scent glands before dropping it back into one of the smaller pockets. Feeling ready for the day, the raven-haired omega headed into the living room.
Alfie tilted his head in disbelief. "So you just train your alphas to ignore omegas in heat?"
Cas stretched his wings out further, scanning the plain between the trees and the lake for a glimpse of his alpha. He caught a flash of movement, closing his wings and diving for the ground, sensing his brothers following him in.
"Go to sleep, Cas," Dean murmured, his alpha purring at the happy scent of the omega in his arms. His mother was going to scold him in the morning, but it was worth it for now.
The black wolf crept forward through the underbrush, silent paws letting him reach the alphas without them noticing. Dean jumped back and snapped once, freezing as he recognized the intruder.
Sam grabbed the angel and wrapped him in a tight hug. “We’ll get them both back, alive and healthy. I can promise you that.”
Cas leaned up against Dean's chest, taking in the alpha's scent as he felt hands running through his hair. "As long as you don't use it anymore. I've been on edge all day."
Dean closed with Cas twice, blades clashing as they pushed against each other, both of them growling as they failed to gain any advantage. When the rushed each other a third time, Cas shifted to the side at the last moment, releasing his blades in favor of grabbing Dean's wrists and twisting them, forcing him to drop his own weapons. Now that both of them were disarmed, Cas punched the alpha, Dean grunting as he grabbed Cas's arm and threw him over his shoulder, rolling away before the omega could jump back to his feet. Panting, Cas grabbed his two blades and backed away, Dean retrieving his own weapons and following.
"He didn't," Dean interrupted. "I gave him one."
Dean nodded. "Yeah, because I needed him to do everything in his power to prove me wrong. We're very competitive, and Sammy is going to want to be right about this. He wants to play the hero, heal Gabriel, and I need him to do that. So I told him what he expected to hear from me, that there wasn't much hope, because it would strengthen his resolve."
"He's super cute," Sam whispered, watching as the bird used his finger to flip himself over before using beak and feet to climb up his flannel-covered arm. When he reached his shoulder, Dax started to make a grinding noise with his beak as he grabbed a handful of Sam's hair with his huge foot and began to pull on it with his beak. "What is he doing right now?"
Dean chuckled, having finally tucked his gun back into his pants. "Is that why you lost control like that? Blew every light in the bunker, apparently."
"Rowena," Tasha breathed, running forward to envelop her former mentor in a crushing hug. They had been close when Tasha was a pup, and she had never let her new position as the mate of a Wilderness wolf break their bond.
"You'd have sex with me? Dean, I thought you liked women."
Sam jumped as his archangel ally appeared on the map table, lounging comfortably with a sucker in his mouth. “No one in Heaven will admit to knowing anything about Michael,” he reported. “I got the feeling that there were missing members of the Host, and I even heard about a whole garrison that had gone dark.”
"But how will I know if my brother is okay?"
"Ginger reduces swelling. If you make a cold compress with some snow from the mountain we ran up yesterday, that would help, too."
Alfie, who had been casually watching Cas's game, ran over to meet the youngest Winchester son, pulling up short as he tried to remember how he was supposed to greet the person he was dating. He had seen Balthazar just clap Crowley on the shoulder, but he thought that was too casual. Cas and Gabe always hugged or nuzzled their alphas, and Alfie decided that might be a little more appropriate. Adam reached his arms out for a hug and the young omega accepted the offer, rubbing the scent glands under his chin on the teen alpha's neck. He barely had any scent yet, but the instinct to mark pack mates or people he cared about was already pretty decently developed, and Adam smiled at the gesture. "Hey, Alfie; how was your week?"
"Michael punished Cas the most," Gabriel added, crossing his arms over his chest and leaning against the wall. "He hated being challenged and Cas hated backing down."
“No.”
"I'm not worried," Alfie replied cheerfully, his tone indicating that the information had been filed away for later and would be retrieved when required in the future. The boy had an almost eidetic memory, it seemed, and he would gladly use his quick and accurate recollections as tools and weapons to get what he wanted.
Cab nodded and fiddled with his IV, leaning back into his pillows. "Hello, Mr. Winchester."
"Yeah. You wanna play that one?" Cas nodded eagerly and watched as Dean handed the game back to Meg. She popped the game in as Ruby handed out the controllers, Cas taking a seat beside the brunette beta as Dean squeezed in on his other side. "Do you need a quick tutorial first, Cas? I don't know how familiar you are with the controls."
"No," Pamela whispered, tilting her head to the side as she sorted through her own visions. She couldn't clear up the image she received second-hand, but she could focus her gift on the many possible futures open to them. "Missouri's granddaughter will be there to assist him. We must go south and east, a days' flight from the city, and wait."
"Not yet. I have a list of names that I like from your noble family trees, but I don't want to pick something before I see our pup. I think I'll just know."
They ran through the day and into the night, only stopping for quick water breaks before taking off again. Sam wouldn’t let them slow down, a deep fear building inside him the closer they got to the eastern compound. He could sense that there was something wrong with the omega in his arms, some weakening of the grip around his neck or a slight dullness in those gold eyes, but when he looked harder everything seemed fine. A couple of hours after night fell, Sam finally nudged Dean’s side with his knee, asking him to call for a break. They had covered a lot of ground and should be able to make it to the splinter pack before sunset the next day.
Lucifer stepped away from the bars again, pulling into the shadows and glancing over Gabriel’s shoulder at Sam. “If I help you, you’re just going to throw me back down here when it’s over.”
“Dean, please,” Cas whispered. “Don’t.”
Cas smiled and turned on his side, staring at Dean's profile in the faint moonlight filling the room. "Despite my impaired state, I am aware of my own feelings. Yes, I meant it."
"Have you seen your eyes? It doesn't have to be."
"We won't be on the road by mid-spring. We'll be in the capital city with hundreds of alphas who are going to get very interested in us very quickly. I don't think your one experience with a lust-crazed rutting alpha is adequate preparation for what we might face."
Cas nodded when Gabriel trailed off, turning back to face the group. "I remember Michael's idea of behavioral correction. But what else could I do, except try to protect Dean?"
Claire blushed and dropped her head. "I was fifteen. Am I never going to live that down?"
"They did track it," Cas growled, rising to his own feet and checking the lacing on his sandals. "They were hoping that I would find her scent pleasant and that it would overwhelm me. I do not like such underhanded tactics."
They jumped over a small rise, finding themselves in the middle of a bloody battle between three Spellbound wolves that Dean had met before and four strangers that had to be Celestials. The silvery white Spellbound alpha, Lilith, was fighting off two Celestials, one white and one blue, while the other four were paired up against each other further away. Dean growled an order, heading for the red-and-black Spellbound female facing the pure black Celestial male as Jo and Benny headed for Lilith and her prey, leaving Sam to break up the golden Celestial male facing a larger white Spellbound male.
Gadreel chucked, grins on his brothers’ faces. “You weren’t meant to know ours, but with Gabe injured we may have let some extra information slip. And it seemed rude for me to appear to you in human form without offering my name. Especially since we’re completely naked when we shift and your pack seems so modest.”
"Are you okay, Alfie?"
"It's your reward, Castiel. Do you accept?"
"What . . . what are we doing today?"
Gabe rolled his eyes and started walking to the end of the road. Brookwood was pretty quiet this time of morning, a few people sitting on their front stoops or raking the leaves but all of them ignoring the boys. They reached 19th and turned right, heading down the main road toward their school. Gabe huffed and looked up at his brother, easily keeping up with the quick pace. "Cas, is your scent stronger today than usual?"
Balthazar felt strong arms wrap around him, the phantom sensation almost
Adam took the tray from the hotdog vendor, passing the man a carefully folded wad of wrinkled bills across the counter. His dad had offered him a card to pay for the food, but Adam had seen Dean go on dates before, and his older brother always paid for his partner's food with money he had earned at his job. Adam spent the late spring, summer, and early fall cutting grass, trimming hedges, and weeding gardens for his family members and John's friends throughout the city, so he had plenty of cash to buy Alfie a couple hotdogs and a soda. John had seemed proud when Adam refused the card.
"Dean?"
"This is Dean's new trainee, Cas. He just moved here from Illinois, Samuel, so play nice."
"I never thought I could be happy as an omega," Gabriel whispered, his golden eyes distant. "I hated it sometimes, especially when Michael started pushing us to mate, but I don't feel like that anymore. You've made me happy to be an omega, to be
Dean looked down at the dragon as they slid further toward the edge of the cliff. "We need help." An instant later, as if in answer, an arrow with a rope attached to it landed in the snow next to Khan, just close enough that Dean could grab it. He quickly tied the rope to the broad strap around Khan's chest that had held him to the cart, reaching for his own bow tucked in his supply bag. He was suddenly very grateful that he had transferred his supplies from the cart to Khan before they headed for the pass.
"It's amazing but it can also be incredibly dangerous. I'm guessing you're asking because you experienced it with Dean recently."
"A '67 Chevy Impala," Dean replied proudly, the start of a purr rumbling in his chest. "It was Dad's car, and he gave it to me at the end of last year when I got my permit. Technically, I can only drive family, but now that all three of you are part of my pack it should be fine."
Anna grabbed her own present next, a lovely mug with a handle that she had made in her clay class. It was actually very symmetrical, and the glazing was done in a metallic light blue. Cas thanked his sister with a quick hug, placing the gift to one side as she grabbed the next thing in the pile. It was a trio of brightly colored shirts from Michael, probably from that Plato's Closet he had mentioned visiting before. Lucifer had found him a couple pairs of pants and three skirts, one of them heavy for winter but the other two were lighter in color and material for the end of the summer and the warm days in the fall. Cas almost cried when he saw them; he never had new clothes, and it had been a few years since he outgrew his aunt's old dresses.
. "This is my, uh, favorite tape in Baby's collection, and I thought this would be an easier way for you to listen to it than me finding an old cassette player knockin' around."
Michael pulled the door of the cell off its hinges, indicating that Dean should follow him into the main room of the abandoned police station. The hunter could still clearly remember the light show when Lucifer took Sam, and he knew that they would need the space. A light flickered on overhead and Michael turned to Dean, one eyebrow raised expectantly. "Well?"
"When I smelled you earlier, in the hall, I thought for sure that you were maybe six or seven weeks from your heat, but that isn't true, is it? You're months away from your first heat, maybe even a year. Your scent . . . it's way too strong for an unpresented omega."
"Dragons?" Alfie looked up from his last slice of pizza, carefully cleaning his hands on a napkin to avoid transferring grease to the game board. He was very meticulous when it came to food, and nothing bothered him more than people leaving greasy fingerprints on his toys and games. "What movie is that?"
Charlie turned around to face her mentor, hands clenched together in front of her chest. "You never saw this?"
Rowena nodded, encouraging the younger witch to continue. Astronomy had always been a passion of Charlie's, and clearly it was a skill that would serve her well when interpreting her prophet's visions. "What else did you see?"
The larger wolf growled, his hackles rising in fury. The black Celestial watched in amazement as the alpha struggled to calm himself, genuinely angry on his behalf. Other than his omega brothers and sometimes Anna, no one had really cared about the black’s happiness for most of the last decade. They just wanted to know how to use him. Suddenly, he felt like he could honestly, truly trust these brothers. Maybe he could even trust them with the huge secret and prophecy that had driven them from Celestial lands.
"Spray. I'm lazy."
"After a fashion. She can stay, she can rule the concubines and keep what little power that gives her in the palace, but she can never again grace his bed. He won't take any female during his rut now, hence the contract with Inias, but for April that punishment is the worst of all."
Amy turned to the beta and tilted her head, olive eyes narrowed. "Yes, and then you'll ask me for my notes instead of paying attention."
"Yeah, but I was too far away to see if he had really done it on purpose and we had to rush to class anyway. Do they . . . do alphas do that to you a lot?"
"Run your fingers over the beads, feel their shape and texture. You have to know the object before you can convince your wolf to accept it. For now, just concentrate on the necklace until you think you know it, then slowly pull your wolf forward and see what happens."
A bare handful of minutes after the troop started to cross the pass, a cannon shot out of the cart and exploded in the heavy clouds overhead, the sound of the explosion echoing between the nearby peaks. Dean jerked Khan to a halt and spun to face the gaping hole, glaring at Kevin who shook his head and pointed at Cri-Kee, as if the cricket was capable of producing flame. Cas rode up a moment later, fury sparking in his azure eyes as he spotted the hole in the cart, though not the small dragon who was responsible for it. "What happened?!"
"The situation is unique. I'll ask Charlie to explain it to you, but she'll be creating a kind of rogue pack that doesn't owe allegiance to anyone. I think she will look to Crowley ultimately for protection, but she and the other omega in her band will live outside of the normal pack political structure. She needs a legacy to protect them when that doesn't work, and it doesn't hurt that I care for her quite a bit. It surprised me a little, to be honest."
and a yelp heralded his success, the alpha falling back and leaving Balthazar free to flee.
"It'll have to do. Crowley is known to prefer omegas with dark hair, but it's of no import." Dean started to stiffen in offense, Garth's sharp glare silencing his protest. The female omega sorted through a tray of perfumes, choosing one that smelled like cherry blossom, a very popular scent among fashionable families this year. Dean stood silently as she touched the tiny glass bulb to the hollow of his throat and the inside of each wrist, covering his own natural cinnamon and apple blossom scent and any alpha musk he may have picked up from his father or younger brother that the bath hadn't been able to remove. Even he knew that the Matchmaker would not tolerate an insult that great. Mary pointed at a string of jade beads on the table nearby, and Garth carefully slipped them over Dean's head, approving of the way the rich color made Dean's green eyes pop.
The teens nodded as they accepted Mary's explanation, a few of them flipping through their booklets to see if there was more information on Pack Schism. Mary moved on through the topic of relationships, touching on love and the importance of dating, especially as a teen. "Readiness and interest in dating varies among individuals; you may see your friends with partners but not have someone that you are interested in dating yourself. Not everyone dates, and your parents may have rules about how and when you can do so. For family unity, it's important that you come to an understanding about how you may spend time with any potential partners. Dating can include many different types of recreational activities, and other people may not date the same way you and your partner do. What kind of things do you like to do on a date?"
Gadreel nodded. “In order to leave our lands, we needed a leader, and that kind of dominance doesn’t come naturally to omegas. Our youngest brother, however, has fought with all of our more dominant siblings in the past over their onerous rules and restrictions. He even defeated Raphael once or twice, though he still carries the scars from those interactions. When it was time to run, he took the lead and promised to keep us safe until we found a new home. He won’t change forms until he feels like he has escorted us out of danger.”
Dean rolled his eyes and pulled Cas toward the door, pausing at the top of the stairs as he waited for Sam and Gabe to catch up. "Hey, Sammy? Thanks for convincing me to read those books."
So, when the highest-ranked alpha in the Roman army stalked through the camp to view the new recruits, he noticed the one child not staring at him in awe, the boy crying into his lentils with an untouched cup of water by his side. He was tall for his age, though rangy with dark brown hair that desperately needed a cut, and his smoky scent carried a heavy tint of sandalwood, bitter with loneliness and loss. Gabriel raised his hand, freezing the guards walking by his side as he settled onto the log beside the boy. "Hey, kiddo; what's going on?"
The woman smiled sympathetically. “My husband is allergic, too, so I visit these guys at my parents’ house whenever I can.”
"I will summon one of the harem servants and he will escort you to the apartments reserved for their use. I currently have six concubines, all of them betas, though one is a male on contract for my ruts. My ruts are . . . unusually strong and the females do not wish to assist. You will report to April, the head concubine, and she will begin the process of training and preparing you for your new role in the palace. It will take time; normally a concubine is brought in much younger, around twelve or thirteen, and is ready for service around sixteen or seventeen. Since you are already four years past your first heat, it will not take as long for physical maturity, but there are still rules and structures that you must learn. My male beta's contract is only two years old, so you have three years to study before you will be required to take his place during my ruts. Do you have any questions?"
"We were trained by a Celestial peacekeeper, but he is nowhere near the warrior that Wilderness pack can produce. Rowena told us that we are weapons, and we want to be good ones." Cas smiled and lightly punched Dean's shoulder. "She said you're a weapon, too. We're the same, just from different lands."
"No shame in that," Hannah assured the soldier. "Cas is serious about Gabe. You'll be in the middle of the circle with the betas and Claire. Come on, lay down here. Benj, Steve here is gonna be your cuddle buddy for the night."
Castiel was hiding something.
"We'll find a way to heal them, Cassie," Gabriel comforted, reaching out to place a warm hand between his brother's shoulder blades, smiling as the younger angel relaxed. "I'm sorry he did this to you, again. I don't know if you remember . . ."
Benny entered the cool storeroom, shooing a pair of slaves away who had been carrying bags of spices into the hallway to be sorted and returned later. "Gad, what are you doing back here?"
It took a while for the beta to continue. "I packed a small bag of essential supplies and just started walking, going as far as my wolf could manage every day and moving steadily north and east. I actually passed through the edge of Wilderness lands and came upon a skirmish near the Celestial border. Michael, Lucifer, and Raphael were leading a small pack against John, his mate Mary, Asa, and John's two alpha pups. They were so young then, babies really, but full of that damned alpha pride. It wasn't a fair fight, so I jumped in and helped even the odds. That was the fight where Mary saved Asa's life, actually, and earned his undying loyalty. I killed a few of the wolves that followed Michael, from Zachariah's pack if I remember correctly, and protected Dean and Sam from the aftermath."
Asa snorted. "Neither of them concern me, Dean. We've been at war for so long that a new danger from Celestial or Spellbound won't phase my pack. I'd rather know the danger, but I can promise you that nothing will convince me to send you away in the dead of winter."
"You and me both," Donald and Crowley replied at the same time, the alphas chuckling at each other as the half-witch pushed Balthazar's loose sleeve up to expose his inner elbow.
unpresented," his boyfriend replied. "I don't think those boys had honorable intentions, Cas."
Sam grinned as he flagged the waitress down to order another round of beers and some loaded nachos, watching as Dean reached the front of the line and started looking through the songs available.  He frowned at the first few pages, his green eyes softening as he apparently found one that he liked.  He looked up at Cas, smiling softly before turning back to the machine and clicking on one of the songs, that satisfied look never fading.
, apparently he didn't listen to us." Sam clicked a few things on his computer, switching to his Amazon account and turning the screen so Dean could see it. There was a screen full of those
"Is this what day five is like for Plains Walkers?"
"Okay, Sam, thank you." The young omega felt something inside him shift, something warm and fuzzy at Dean's casual mention of the guest room in the Winchester mansion as
Sam tilted his head and reached out to cup Gabriel's cheek in his hand. They had a very long, complicated friendship, most of which happened while Dean and Cas were out or otherwise occupied, and some of which included the time that Gabe had trapped Sam and Dean in a series of TV shows. Sometime after Gabriel faked his death, he had returned to the hunter and forged a fast friendship, sometimes dancing dangerously close to the kind of intimacy Sam had just seen in the seraph's room. Now, as he stared into those fathomless, ancient golden eyes, he wondered how serious Gabriel had been with his years of sexual innuendos.
Cas whimpered and twitched in his arms, curling as close to the alpha as possible. "Cas? Come back to me, sweetheart. I didn't realize what I was doing before, but I need you to snap out of this omega space thing. Can you do that?"
"I think I can already tell that this year is going to be so much better than last year."
Gabriel leaned back slightly, the warring scents of shock and pride staining his natural aroma. "You think I'm strong?"
He felt the first twist of pain along the muscles of his wings, wincing as he banked left to return to the clearing.
Chapter 4: Accepted
"He won't be," Crowley growled. "I can promise you that."
"Hmm, I think before Christmas."
"Hey, that's great. Benny runs The Pack at KU. We've been friends with him since he came to Orientation. He was thinking about pledging our fraternity, but he went somewhere else."
"Just for moral support," Gabriel replied. "And Dad would have a coronary if we stayed after school on our own."
On the other side of the fire, completely ignoring their brothers and pack mates, Cas and Dean hunched over attack patterns scratched into the dirt where the snow had melted days earlier. "This is similar to the one you were practicing earlier, but with a lower attack vector. It should be a stealth angle, but you'll have to test it from the sky. I can't fly, so I'm guessing at some of the details here."
Cas reached up and cupped Dean's chin in his hand under his veil, stroking the boy's cheek with his thumb until green eyes rose to meet his once more. Slowly, Dean's distress scent faded and the market returned to its former hubbub of activity. "I know. It's not fair. If I could give you freedom, Dean, if I could let you follow your brother to the army or whatever life you would have made as the sons of a nobleman, I would. I told my parents I never wanted a male omega in my harem. After Dumah, I didn't want an omega at all. But you would have gone somewhere far worse, dear boy. Lucifer and Michael asked for you, after they caught a glimpse of you in the market." John had taken both boys out nearly a year earlier, presumably because he needed their assistance to carry back supplies, but Dean had known it was so potential buyers could see him and make an offer. It was the only time he left his father's estate after presenting until the day he was given to Castiel.
Sam grabbed his brother's arm and smiled at him kindly. "What other choice does he have? Cas has to break this conditioning, and there's no better place right now than Max's suite. Would you prefer that he starve himself every time he and his brothers go into heat? Hell, that sounds like letting Michael win."
find his brother's voice soothing, chuckled and settled down onto the grass between Dean and Cas, leaning forward just enough to let his forehead rest on the omega's knee. It was a gentle, non-threatening request for attention, the pup eager to make friends with this Sophomore who had caught his brother's attention. Cas, reminded of his younger brother Samandriel, smiled and rested his hand in Adam's hair.
Charlie felt her heart soar at the alpha's words. "But you would consider it, if there was a way? You would run with me and my prophet?"
“Dude, you’re butt-ass naked and it’s going to drop to forty or so tonight. Trust me, you’ll be grateful of something to protect your hide from that.” He handed over a pair of dark wool pants, one of Dean’s pairs, a cream-colored cotton shirt, and a brown woolen vest. Gadreel helped his brother dress, careful of his bandaged wounds, slipping his arm back into the rough sling before helping him to his feet. Sam dug out his own pair of long pants, shirt, and vest, finding a heavy pair of plain moccasins for his bare feet.
"Yes, I was . . . sold this morning."
The omega twitched in response, groaning as he opened his eyes and felt a stabbing pain from his forehead. Cas whined and reached up to touch his injury, Dean taking his hand to stop him. "Dean? What happened?"
Balthazar, who had managed to slip behind Dean, held out his hand, forestalling any further retreat. Swallowing hard, the omega paused, standing still in the chest-deep water as he tried to plan his escape. "Come back here. I know we were jerks to you before, so let's start over." Balthazar held out his unnaturally long right arm and smiled his face generally welcoming. "Hi, I'm Balthazar."
“I thought this was a simple werewolf case.”
"Am I unstable?"
"They would have been content with their lives if they had just accepted their fates," Zachariah shot back, the rotund old alpha furious at the loss of the omega his pack was promised. He was the oldest of the pack alphas, grey and balding, and he was hardly intimidating in either form. No one had any idea why Uriel, Ishim, or Bartholomew hadn't challenged him for the pack yet, though the loss of the omegas might push them over the edge.
"And catch his scent? I've never seen you so intrigued by anyone before."
The Wilderness lands were patrolled by one very tiny wild pack, the three members all choosing to live outcast from society for their own individual reasons. Their leader was a dark-skinned alpha male who had come from a land so far away that Wilderness pack didn't even have open trading lines there. His wolf form was the same warm dark brown shade as his skin, a color well-suited to the shadows of his forest home. Victor Henrikson had never felt at home in the city, choosing to leave almost two decades earlier with his dark omega companion, the beta joining them ten years later.
He caught his mother's comforting scent a moment before she settled into the grass beside him, Mary reaching out to squeeze his shoulder gently before turning back to the game. "That's some omega you're mentoring this year, Sam. Did you see how much food he put away?"
The golden statue began to shake, smoke surrounding it as the creature shook off its torpor, gold metal fading to red and orange scales, two tiny blue horns visible atop his head as the dark smoke faded away. The small dragon, no bigger than a pet reptile though covered in fur-like scales with two long, mustache-like golden whiskers hanging from his upper lips, rose to his back feet, front legs stretched out in front of him as his pointed ears flicked toward the Great Ancestor. "I live!" His voice, though rough from disuse, still resembled the playful, animated tones he had used when he was a human over a thousand years ago, when a young beta teen named Kevin Tran pledged his service to the Winchester family in order to save his mother and regain his family's honor. His service had been . . . somewhat rocky since then.
Cas growled and rolled over on top of Dean, pinning the omega with his arms. Dean ran his hands over those strong muscles, marveling at the scars that crossed his skin, evidence of life spent at war. He leaned down and nibbled at the exposed skin of Dean's throat, grinning as the omega bucked against him. "I want to show you how much I missed you. Would you like that?"
Gabriel and Sam were greeted by many of the inhabitants of Asa's town, having become well-known in a short amount of time. When he was surrounded by people, it didn't seem to matter that Gabriel couldn't speak to them, and Sam generally did enough talking to cover the absence. It was only when he was alone that the Celestial had to fight off his growing despair at the thought of living the rest of his life without his voice. Whenever he felt that darkness gripping at him, Gabe reminded himself that he would at least be able to speak as a wolf, as soon as Sam let him change.
Gadreel shook his head. "No, it was a very subtle way of asking about Wilderness pack's view on omega mating. In Celestial, there aren't that many of us, and most are female. Four omegas, all of them male, born to the Head Alpha was quite the sign. Omegas are encouraged to mate alphas, to give them the best chance to breed more of the same, but it's obviously impossible to strictly enforce the rule."
"Yes, Rowena," Meg whispered. "I don't want to let you go there alone."
“I never wanted this,” Gabriel replied softly, and Sam suddenly felt like he was intruding on something that should be private. “Luci, I hated it when you and Michael fought. I hated it when Dad yelled at you and you refused to go along with his plan. I was happy when we were younger, when we were a family, before Dad made all of the lesser angels and long before humanity was a sparkle in His eye.” His voice softened, and there were tears in his eyes as he tried to reach his brother. “I want our family back; I want to go home.”
A quick knock on the door interrupted the meeting, a servant peeking her head in. "Sir? You are expected in the throne room."
The five soldiers who had been walking directly behind the dragon puppet ran up the stairs after him, Benny leading the charge. "Come on!" They got to the doors just as they closed and were barred from the inside, Cas pulling on the heavy rings and banging on the metal to no avail. The doors of the palace were meant to keep invaders out, and even he did not know how to get them open once they were locked. From overhead, Dick laughed maniacally and headed into the palace proper, determined to make use of his men's victory in grabbing the Emperor.
Balthazar shook his head, taking a deep, steadying breath before pulling back and smiling sadly at his alpha. "You can't call me at all. Hearing your voice and not being able to get to you . . . I wouldn't be able to handle it. I'm not strong enough to stay away with that lure in my mind."
Gadreel smiled at Benny, taking a step closer so the beta could wrap his arms loosely around his waist. "Do you think I am your soulmate, Benny?"
He found the parrot tables easily enough, after a row of tables with the tiny but surprisingly loud finches, and the first woman he reached seemed to have six different types of birds available. He decided that she would be the best person to help educate him. “Excuse me, I am interested in obtaining a parrot. The lady with the Bengal cats said that you can help me.”
"Dick Roman!"
"Are we in this together, or not?"
"Why do you know so much about treating alcohol issues?" Cas leaned his arms against the counter, watching Dean pull something out of the vegetable drawer of the fridge.
Dean shrugged. "You could ask him."
"They're beautiful, Gabriel," Sam breathed, reaching out and holding his hand inches from the raised feathers. "Can I touch them?"
A quick tap on the door caught his attention, and Balthazar took a moment to revel in the fact that someone was asking permission to enter his space. He called out a welcome, smiling as Linda slid into the room. "Balthazar, I do have a question for you, but it's kind of personal and I didn't want to ask around a bunch of alphas and betas."
"Yeah. Gerald was supposed to meet me at the edge of the forest and escort me back. When he put that collar on me, I couldn't shift and fly away, so I ran. When your heat is over, Crowley and I will show you the clearing where I practice flying."
"Here, covering the stairs of your dais, leaving just a walkway where you can descend to the binding circle. What color scheme would you prefer?"
"They have ears," Cas replied smartly from his chair next to his boyfriend. "Besides, if you weren't complaining so much maybe you would have caught something other than two small bluegills and a tiny bass that we had to throw back."
“Have you ever ridden another wolf before?” The omega shook his head, golden eyes pinched with worry. “You can’t be the one to do it, Gadreel. I know you love your brother and want to help, but you can’t ride and you won’t be able to hear Sam give you directions and support in human form. When he’s on my back, I talk to him constantly so that he can be prepared for whatever we are heading into. Without that assistance, you’ll fall off.”
"Sounds great." Balthazar slipped off the bench, following Crowley back into the palace proper, his two omega friends behind him with Linda taking the rear guard position. Crowley insisted on bringing a full dozen guards, all of them betas except Ruby. She glanced at the two younger omegas, sniffing gently as she caught the faintly sweet scent of their impending heat, glancing at Meg and nodding. Her second headed to the park ahead of the group, clearing nobles, servants, and guards from the path before the main group came through, knowing that even the hint of an omega's heat this early in the mating season would drive alphas wild. It technically wasn't safe for the boys to be wandering so far from the palace, but no one would dare argue with Crowley.
Mary's next slides were illustrations of the physical act of sex, the omega going through each type of pairing with a clinical, no-nonsense tone. She pointed out erogenous zones, a word that some of her younger students were not familiar with, and showed how alpha knots locked into omegas' and females' channels. "Now, sex feels good. It's meant to. As long as you are of legal age, you take precautions to avoid disease and unwanted pregnancy, and you care about and trust your partner, there's nothing wrong with doing it. Being informed, understanding your body, and knowing what to expect with your partner will ensure that the experience is safe and enjoyable for you.
He rolled Dean onto his side, azure eyes searching for any injuries as his grace probed the man's soul for a trace of the intruding Archangel's grace. Michael was completely gone, having fled at last, and only the hunter's brilliant soul shone from his body now. Groaning, Dean struggled back to consciousness, in control of himself for the first time since he killed Lucifer.
"Look, I have some aloe ointment that should soothe your skin. I'll get it for you when we get back. Are you two the only ones suffering from this?"
"It's said out of love, little brother. You ready for Calculus?"
The older alpha sighed and relented, his entire posture relaxing. "Ok, fine, send your message to Rowena. But you better have a Plan B when she says no."
"You sound amazed, Balthy, but you must remember that the Ancestors guide us in all things. Yours saw that your mate was the Head Alpha of Spellbound, so of course you had to leave."
Cas took a couple of deep breaths and nodded, his scent calming but not fading away. At least that skunky aroma was gone, though it had done the trick of snapping Dean out of his shock. He pulled Cas's hand to his lips and kissed the knuckles, smiling reassuringly at his omega. "These nice men are going to take you to the hospital now, and I'm going to stay with you the whole time. Is that okay with you, Cas?"
"Okay, Gabe, I will. I don't, uh, I don't think I have any lube."
"Organizing," a soft, firm voice replied from the deep behind the stacks of supplies. Benny and Dean waited as the owner of the voice approached the door, bringing with him a tantalizing scent of freesia and lavender, two flowers that Dean was fond of. When the tall, broad man with light brown hair and ice blue eyes appeared, he wasn't holding any flowers, just a bag of lentils. He was dressed in a blue tunic with no collar, so he was ranked as a servant, but Dean knew what his nose was telling him.
Castiel chuckled, flashing his fangs in a feral way that set Dean's heart thudding in his chest.
Cas glanced over at Gabriel standing inside the protective circle of Sam's arms, and he slowly nodded. His twin was healthy, and his safety had been guaranteed by the mother of the Head Alpha of Spellbound, but Gabriel would die without her help. Two months without his twin was a small price to pay to save injured brother. Nodding again, Cas moved to follow the group out of the forest, all of them opting to stay in human form for Gabriel's sake.
The two younger omegas accepted the gifts, staring at the colorful and delicately decorated pouches. The each loosened the laces that held the pouches closed, Alfie gasping at what he found and Kevin staring in amazed silence. Both boys had seen dildos before, mostly made for women since unyielding wood and antler horn would be too damaging to a male omega. The ones made for males' channels were short, meant to mimic an alpha's knot but rarely long enough to satisfy any other needs. The dildos in their bags, in contrast, were as long as a real cock, fairly similar to the one beta Alfie had fooled around with the year before, even lacking the knot at the bottom. They were made out of a strange, off-white, flexible substance with a pleasing amount of give when the young omega squeezed his.
"Hey, Cas."
, and Sam reached out to touch her arm.
Linda caught the action, pulling Crowley back as the three omegas started to wander down the path to the lower gardens. "What is it?"
change some minds, Balthazar. We'll have to see."
“Well, time we moved on, then. Don’t worry, Tasha will have an antidote.”
"Your wolf form is larger than normal for an omega, isn't it?" Kevin shrugged when Balthazar glanced up at him. "I heard Ruby say something about it. She also said your coat is an unusual color, like snow in the morning sun, but I figured she was exaggerating that part."
, about the benefits of your mixed type of elected and appointed government last year."
The gathered soldiers began to yip and growl, calling a challenge to their captain that Castiel could not ignore. He pushed himself to his feet, holding out his hand as Claire brought him a heavy sword, Anna carrying Dean's to him. Neither one of them wore armor, but they both accepted the risk as they raised their blades to the sky and bowed, moving into defensive stances as they began to circle.
"What was that about?"
"Which is why I had to get in Alastair's face," Dean added, returning with two cups of punch. "Gad's the one who told me about Lures in the first place." Dean glanced over his shoulder, finally spotting his brother in the crowd, and he waved at him. "Cas; Sam and Gabe are over by the tables. Go snag us a seat, will ya? I'll be over in a minute."
Crowley touched his fingers to Balthazar's purple tattoo, watching as the symbols he had added faded to white, only leaving Tasha's original lines intact. "I would, you know. I would reach out to you every hour, I would want to hear your voice as often as possible. I would touch your mind to check up on you, and I would worry if your emotions were anything but calm and peaceful. I would urge you to return, even knowing that your journey is vital, decreed by my mother, Speaker of the Prophet. I'm sorry I wasn't strong enough to offer this myself. I didn't want to let you go."
Castiel entered the small meeting room to find Dean standing near the back wall, his scent sour as he stared at the floor. "I'm sorry about all of this formality," Castiel murmured, keeping his hands still and his scent calm as he attempted to soothe the boy. "I know that this is not what you imagined for your life."
Lucifer nodded, leaning one arm out the window as he watched his siblings move away from the car. "Might end up being a job if we play it right. It would be better than the crap ones we have after school right now."
“Dean, I had to. You were in pain.”
"Kevin, you can live on reheated burritos for the rest of the year if you don't behave yourself."
"Not here," Balthazar answered firmly. "Crowley will protect you, I can promise you that. And Linda isn't going to let anything happen to you, either."
“Rowena MacLeod.”
"Yeah, kid, pretty much."
"Just do as you're told," April snapped back.
"Do you free all of your concubines?"
"Cas, you ever made s'mores before?"
Kevin and Balthazar retired to the main room of their suite, closing Alfie's bedroom door behind them to give him some privacy. They could smell the spike in his scent, but thankfully the door would muffle some of the noise he was bound to make.
"What's bothering you, Charlie? You've been on edge all day."
. Well, his lips tilted up slightly at the edges, but it was the most happiness they had seen from the captain in three weeks, and his scent carried definite proud undertones, so they were content.
"Well, in my tribe this would not seem so strange. Except for the very last day, when an omega almost completely loses control of his wolf, we can walk freely during heat. Sometimes an alpha will go into a particularly hard rut and will be sent into the grasslands for some alone time and self-reflection, but we generally do not have those kinds of problems."
Ruby sighed and touched Rowena's arm, shaking her head. "We are at war with these people, Rowena. You can't travel that deep into their territory, especially without an escort."
"Oh."
“What’s your name? I can’t exactly keep calling you ‘black wolf’ now that you’re willing to change forms.”
Crowley chuckled and rose to meet the omega, taking his arm and leading him out to his private garden. "You said that Kevin and Alfie are going to be working with you on ranged weapons this afternoon, so I thought we could get you some long-distance flying practice this morning."
Castiel had learned over the past few months the words, the motions, the
The leader’s black fur shone blue in the light, his bright blue eyes flicking to Dean as he tried to determine how much of a threat these four large wolves posed. His companion’s golden fur shone brilliantly in the sunlight, his golden eyes opening once to observe the newcomers before closing against the pain from his wounds. The iridescent blue male with golden eyes laid down beside his injured friend, whining as the slender iridescent white male joined them. The white’s fur alternated between blue and gold as the angle of the light changed, though he had the same bright blue eyes as the larger black male.
, not lizard," Kevin protested, twisting in Dean's grip to climb his arm and look him in the eye. "I don't do that tongue thing."
Dean's green eyes widened at the ultimatum, at his little brother giving him orders. "Sam . . ."
"We can still pick them up; our shifts don's start until supper rush." Lucifer tilted his head, clearly trying to decide if he should offer his next suggestion. "You know, Balth has his license; we can see about getting him a car so he can take over the transportation duties."
"I love you, too, Gabe."
"And is that when Dean and his pack came to help?"
"Sure, hun, no problem." Sam placed Gabriel back on the ground, looking up as his brother appeared behind Cas.
"NO! Michael, stop! Please, let him go! Please! Just . . . I'll do it! I'll say 'yes' if you just leave him alone!" Dean wrapped his hands around Michael's arm, trying desperately to force him to
"Your pleasure is my command, Highness," Dean whispered, a teasing lilt in his voice. "But if it's my choice, I want to see you, too."
"Omegas need a certain level of physical contact from their pack mates, from fellow omegas, from their dominant partner, and from their pack alpha. I don't think you get enough of that, and it isn't going to get better when Mike and Luci leave. I'm getting the feeling that you won't let yourself stay bonded to them when they form their own fledgling pack, so my Pack might be all that you have. Will you give us the chance to help you, Gabe?"
Crowley gasped as he broke the kiss, pulling Balthazar against his chest and resting his chin on top of his head. "What a good boy," he purred, running his fingers through blonde hair as he felt his heart rate slowly return to normal. "I don't think I'll ever get tired of kissing you, but I need you to do something else for me now." Balthazar nodded enthusiastically, wanting nothing more than to obey and please his alpha. "I really need you to come back to me, Zar. Just concentrate on breathing and shaking free from your wolf."
Charlie chuckled, reaching for her own abandoned mug. "Since I'm sure you'll find a way to talk to Gad, make sure to remind him to get Cas to eat tonight, even if he doesn't want to."
Appropriately, the ninth time he said it was after Naomi ordered him freed from that terrible place. Cas had wanted to stay, to atone for his sins, but the current leader of the many angelic factions had wanted him as a weapon against the Winchesters. He hadn't known at the time, of course, he was just happy to see Dean again.
"Charlie took me into that room yesterday that smelled like you, and I wanted to see you so badly. I wanted to thank you, though; I was finally able to eat something."
Cas dropped his head back onto Damian's chest, letting the older omega's steady heartbeat calm him. "I've thought about it, you know. I've thought about what it will be like to be pregnant, to have pups."
Kevin glared at the gathered spirits, almost sneering his anger. Mark's misfortune hadn't been his fault; the man had died over two hundred years earlier during a Hun incursion before the Great Wall had been built. How could he have known that the lines would break where the beta had been stationed? The death
"Those three teens are in custody?"
"Why did Glenn agree?"
Balthazar slowly unfolded himself from his defensive position, slowly crawling over to Crowley as the alpha placed his glowing ball of light on the nearby wall. Balthazar paused just before reaching the alpha, but Crowley opened his arms wide and smiled gently. With a strangled sob, the omega jumped forward, curling up in the alpha's protective embrace and giving into his terror at last. As he cried, Crowley sensed the omega's wolf retreat, finally convinced that he was safe, the alpha holding him until he ran out of tears.
“What is going on, Dean?”
"Me?!"
him before.
Balthazar purred at the omega, his tone highly suggestive and his accent perfectly balanced as he caught the subtle sweetening of Crowley's chamomile and lemon scent. Dean wasn't wrong; Balthazar had been interested in meeting Crowley since he heard him speak, but learning that the dark-haired omega also spoke French was a sign. The omega's eyes widened as he struggled not to blush.
The soldiers returned to their horses and carts, some of them looking back at Dean kneeling in the snow staring at his father's sword but most of them unwilling to turn around. The omega had been one of them, a fine soldier, and he had single-handedly taken out the entire Hun army and now they had to shun him as dishonored, leave him behind to make his own way out of the mountains. Cas's alpha growled and scratched and howled in the back of his mind, but he kept facing forward as he swung himself onto his stallion and pulled Claire up behind him. The girl did look back as the group rode away, wanting nothing more than to go comfort her friend, no matter his designation, but she knew that her father had no choice. At least Cas hadn't killed the boy; Claire wasn't sure she would have been able to look her father in the eye after that.
Mary smiled at Cas, having wondered if anyone would bring up the idea of a quiet night in as being a legitimate date. "All of those are valid dates, as long as you both enjoy them. When your dates involve expenses, as we can see that Ruby's and Meg's do, either or both parties can pay." The alpha laughed as her beta blushed, but they certainly didn't argue. "However, paying for a date or giving someone a gift does not entitle someone to any type of sexual activity. You have the right to refuse sex with your partner at any time, even if you are married."
First off, this chapter is way longer than I planned, but I got kinda into the fight scene with Dean's pack and I needed this to end with the rising of the prophet. Hence, super long chapter. Generally, when I start a chapter, I know what scene I want it to end on, so the length varies greatly depending on how long it takes to get there (like Gabe getting his voice back in 4 or Castiel revealing his identity in 1).
The omega took a deep breath, relaxing into the phantom touch.
A dragon who clearly did not notice when someone was trying to interrupt him. "And lemme say something: anyone who's foolish enough to threaten our family, vengeance will be mine!"
"Let me introduce my newest companion, then I will explain. I'm guessing you didn't bring any supplies or clothes with you?"
Dean ran his fingers through Cas's wet hair, knowing that the young omega found the gesture soothing. "I never thought I'd find an omega I'd be willing to bottom for. I can't wait until we're mated so we can try out all of our fantasies."
Chapter 15: Separated
The alphas behind him howled, stopped by honking cars as they searched for their own way across. Cas pushed Gabe in front of him, spotting Dean and Sam as they emerged from the increasingly agitated crowd. He felt a stab of relief as they reached safety, glancing over his shoulder at the three alphas stuck on the other side of the street. An instant later, everything went black.
Balthazar shrugged, his deep-cut shirt shifting at the movement. Crowley definitely,
"Yes. I keep seeing their meeting over and over, with slight differences each time. In most of them, I see a half-starved black omega attacking a bigger mahogany alpha before they talk, but sometimes they don't fight. I'm seeing how they could have met, but it's pretty clear that they were meant to meet."
The beta shrugged, turning back to his book. They had to at least
Cas turned and grabbed Metatron's shirt, pulling the shorter man closer until their faces were inches apart. "I said," he growled, letting his eyes flash red, "move out."
"I didn't know what to do, Dad. I just froze when I saw Cas go down. Sam knew what to do, he went and grabbed the attackers, but it was all I could do to sit beside Cas and wait for the nurse."
"Thanks," the blonde replied, joining Benny at the pantry as the big alpha reached for the bags of chips. He dropped three of them in Gabriel's arms, letting the omega take them to the table. "I'll ask my dad; I don't know how I'll get there since Mike and Luci are going to start working more, but it sounds like fun."
"Honestly, until Gabe told me about your pack, I just assumed that omegas didn't have a place in that structure. We just want mates that are ranked highly enough to give our pups a good start in life, and anything beyond that is unimportant. Since I'm not old enough to have pups, I never considered joining one before."
"Well, this is the Crystal Lake Camp, and all noble conscripts from the neighboring villages were sent here. We're close enough to the Imperial City that it's mostly their nobles, maybe even the Emperor's younger children who have volunteered to serve. There aren't any other nobles in my town ranked highly enough to be sent here, so at least I don't have to worry about being recognized."
"Why is the sun up this early?"
Gabe in his lunchbox, but I can't wait to find out."
by the Jungle Shadows who farm it, though I believe your mother gave it a different name.
"What kind of stories?"
Chapter 17: Weekends with the Pack
"Of course. Goodnight, Cas."
"You've gotten a little cocky, my sweet omega." Dean reached up and ran his fingers through Cas's raven locks, grinning at the wayward curls that twisted away from his hand. "What's gotten into you today?"
"Please, Sir, I'm sorry! I can do better, I can! I can behave . . ." Even to his own ears, the words sounded hollow. Dean didn't believe he could ever learn to be a proper omega, could ever learn not to speak out of turn or snap his teeth at peopl who disrespected him. And, clearly, Crowley didn't believe it either.
Gabe dropped his bag near the couch, waiting for Sam, Dean, and Cas to bring their stuff in, too, so they could start sorting it. Dean and Sam headed for the kitchen while Cas joined his brother, opening all of the bags and tossing clothes into the collapsible hamper that Mary had pulled out for them, putting all of the fishing gear to the side to be put away for their next trip. With the holidays coming up and hard winter after that, it might be some time before they could do any kind of fishing that didn't involve cutting a hole in ice.
Meg shrugged, keeping her brushstrokes even as she changed colors to an orange she had mixed herself. "He's afraid of the Empire spiraling out of control. You're a better choice for Caesar than Gabriel, and your dad knows it, but he can't help but fear the future you may bring."
"What did you guys see up there?" Charlie, as usual, was a bundle of energy, the faintest touch of purple magic glowing from her eyes in her excitement.
Dean jumped back but he wasn't fast enough, grunting as the Hun's weapon made contact and dropped him to the ground. Grabbing his side, the omega pushed himself to his feet and started to run away as fast as he could, grabbing Cas's arm on the way. The captain had almost reached him in time, but now they were both in danger from the fast-moving snow. Dean glanced at the rise to the east, knowing that if the small patrol could get there in time they would be safe. The snow would move forward for the most part, and fall over the cliff to the south, burying the entire Hun army as it went.
"Something with fossils or bugs or something. There was a science museum that my aunt took us to once, when I was much younger, and it was awesome. I'd like to be at a place like that all day, maybe taking care of the animals or something."
"Which is why I never told you. But now I can use those supplies again to hide my scent and take Sam's place in the Imperial Army."
"Damn," Crowley growled. "I really need to finish this."
"That's not too personal, at least in Spellbound lands. Rowena explains it better than I do, but only naturally-born witches have purple eyes. The children of witches who only have latent power will have red eyes, and the rest of us just have normal eyes."
"He . . . he's in love with Inias? But . . . there are no legitimate relationships between two men that can really work out. The receiving man would become
Dean blushed, unable to control his instinctive response to such a promise. Cas gently carded his fingers through Dean's hair, tugging sharply to remind the omega to focus on his task. Grinning, Dean leaned back down and carefully kissed the sensitive skin on the inside of Cas's thighs, trying a couple of test bites as the alpha's cock twitched insistently. He turned his head and kissed the dark, swelling knot, finally leaning up and taking Cas's cock in his mouth. The alpha groaned and let his head fall back, relaxing into Dean's enthusiastic, if novice, blowjob. Dean bobbed his head in an attempt at a steady pattern, testing to see what amount of pressure Cas liked as he managed a few quick deepthroats. He had practiced that part with the toys April gave him, but they were rigid and unyielding, while Cas was thicker but more flexible. He was also very long, so Dean used his free hand to gently massage his knot, squeezing harder each time he managed to swallow him down, listening to Cas growl and whisper his name.
"I would never have anticipated this outcome," Rowena mused, fingering the amethyst point hanging from a gold chain around her neck. "That was quite the gamble on my son's part, but he knows his people better than I thought. The Spellbound pack accepts the messengers."
"This is to let someone ride us safely," the omega realized, reaching out to run his fingers over the expertly stitched leather straps. "This is amazing."
For some reason, that seemed to get through, Balthazar looking up at the alpha. "You killed him? He said you wouldn't. He said you wouldn't miss me."
"No, he wasn't, but scent bonding isn't something you can control. You're not old enough to do that yet, so all I can say is that if you like Alfie, just spend time with him like you have been doing. Love and True Mates . . . all of that stuff comes later."
The young omega grinned and looked around, beyond happy that all of his siblings were here and the entire Pack, even Ruby and Meg. His dad hadn't come, something about a stomach bug going around at work that had most of the other managers out sick, but he had given him a hug the night before when he dropped the pups off at the mansion and called that morning to sing happy birthday. Even without any presents, this was already the best birthday the teen could remember. "This is already pretty great even without presents," Cas replied, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes, "so yes! Let's do the presents part."
Balthazar shrugged, knowing that the alpha would sense the motion.
Cas turned to Dean and took his hands, earnest blue eyes boring into startled green. "No, Dean, I don't want anything. This, everything you've already given me, this is enough."
"April does have a section in her training scrolls about that," Cas mused, "but it's a simple enough answer. If you desire a partner, as long as you have shared my bed at least once and therefore bear my scent, it is permitted for you to seek someone out. As a male omega, you have much more freedom than a female since you can't get pregnant, but it is highly frowned upon for anyone to knot you other than me, even while you are in heat. Generally, I would recommend a beta because of this, even Inias, but I wouldn't stop you from finding someone compatible during that time. Female omegas often contract with the town brothel for one of their male omegas; they are the perfect partners."
"Thank you, Highness," Dean replied softly, resisting the urge to drop his eyes to the ground. "What happens now?"
Dean nodded in acceptance. "Okay, I think I can live with that. I'll just do what I did when I was reading the books; I'll take myself out of the story and pretend that I am reading about someone else."
"I couldn't. This future is delicate, and I am losing my link to my prophet by the day. Soon, I won't be able to see anything anymore, and I had to do what I thought was necessary to ensure that these omegas do not break."
“Tell us about the poison, Sammy. Tasha said that it’s pretty much gone, but I could tell that there was something she didn’t want to tell us.”
Castiel had an odd fishing method that he wanted the recruits to learn, one that must be more popular near the Imperial City than in Dean's landlocked village. He would stand in the river behind camp and wait for a fish to swim near, then throw his hand into the water and grab one by its tail. It looked ridiculous, but the alpha was fast, and none of the soldiers could manage the feat. Even Claire, who had seen most of her father's training methods before, was stumped. The captain also had an exercise where the recruits would cross the river by jumping from one tall post to the other, something that Charlie, who so far hadn't joined in the alphas harassing Dean, was actively terrible at. She had managed to make most of the recruits fall in the water by the middle of the second week, losing her balance or her nerve usually halfway across. Dean learned from Claire that the beta's parents had died in some fishing accident, but Castiel was never going to care that the girl was afraid of water. He tried to encourage her once, but Benny and Balthazar chased Dean away from their friend and he didn't feel like fighting with them.
Dean interjected.
"And alphas need to learn to control that," Dean argued, pushing himself up and helping Cas to his feet. They brushed off their clothes before taking their seats at the picnic table, nodding in greeting as their brothers joined them. "If I can teach a school full of alphas and dominant betas to keep their hands to themselves, I can teach a track team that is ninety percent alpha not to let their base instincts rule them. If you want to join the team, I'll guarantee you a spot."
"First off, you hadn't even presented then and you know the law against mating off unpresented pups. Second, any alpha who wanted you only because of your physical appearance at the age of fifteen would never make you happy. You don't want a master, you want an equal. It's not wrong to want that, Dean; I got that with your mother and I would never have been happy with some meek, obedient mate who never stood up to me or talked back. I love her, and we have been happy together for twenty-five wonderful years. I want that for you."
"Invigorating. I'm glad we came." The omega turned to Alfie, tilting his head as Linda checked his back, as well. "You guys didn't tell me that the itching was that bad. You've almost made yourselves bleed from scratching so much."
Crowley shrugged as he took a seat by the fire, pulling his omega into his arms. "Mother told me about some of the mechanics of flight when I was younger and curious about my father. In the past, messengers could be useful in battle, taking orders from the general to units far away, but they had to be able to dodge the enemy's arrows and spears. The higher you can fly and the faster you can return to land, the safer you will be."
The lean, blonde-tipped brunet alpha who had spoken with Maggie at lunch, presumably her mentor Donald, approached the beta, handing her a list attached to a clipboard and pointing at something near the bottom. The female shrugged, tossing her chestnut hair over her shoulder before murmuring something back, taking the list as her companion moved away.
*Mating is only allowed if both partners are 18 or over; forced mating of younger (usually omegas) teens was outlawed sixty or so years ago
The tall, deceptively slender Hun looked up from the map his Second was showing him, dark eyes flicking to a commotion at the edge of his camp. The man, Edgar, had been a member of a rival tribe before the Leviathans exterminated them, but he had proven his worth since then.
“Thing is, Lucifer was cast down from Heaven before the Archangel Blades were forged, so he probably didn’t know that those are the only weapons that can kill another archangel. To be fair, the rest of us had never tested the theory that an archangel couldn’t be killed with a normal angel blade, and I am not pleased to have been so close to being the guinea pig.” Gabriel shook his head and rolled his shoulders as he remembered the fight with his brother. “There was a chance, a pretty high chance, that Michael and Raphael were wrong and Lucifer
"And he had near-legacy strength," Mshindi added. "We gave him the title Great Chief, to be counted above all others. This halo is his crown, the golden circlet that the northern packs and tribes granted him when he united the lands. When he lost his kingdom and retreated to the mountains, he sent one last message to my ancestor."
"Great! You can go talk to my counselor; she has all of the details."
"I know," Gadreel whispered. "I don't want to hate my brother, but Michael forced us to run away from the home we loved. Cas will never say anything about it, but he will miss climbing in the mountains and swimming in glacial lakes. We're mountain wolves, that's why we're so tall. We have greater lung capacity than you lowland wolves so we can breathe at altitudes that would kill you. The air here is hot, muggy, and too heavy. I am eternally grateful for the rescue and your pack's kind offer of a new home, but I can never forget the one I lost."
"Hey, you must be new! I'm Charlie, from the Imperial City." Her scent, now that Dean could smell it, was soothing, a combination of magnolia and spruce.
"You can, sweet one, I promise you. You have a future that cannot start unless you visit my castle and meet my people, my family. I don't know why your path points east, but it does. I will explain it to your brothers when I see them."
"Fine, Alfie. Tell me about school."
frightening," a female voice soothed from his left. He turned to find an older, blonde omega woman wearing dark jeans and a plaid shirt colored in red and pink, not a style that Cas generally associated with the submissive subgender.
Crowley nodded. "Yeah, it works something like that. Mother said that spending time together is important, as is physical contact and providing for each other in whatever way our instincts demand. Who is courting your brother?"
When they returned to the Winchester mansion that night, many of the Pack members staying over to play video games with the birthday boy, though Alfie cuddled close to his side the entire time. Even when he was yawning, too tired to hold the controller anymore, the young omega refused to go to bed, dozing with his head resting on Adam's shoulder.
"Dean?!"
The entire village had been burned to the ground, charcoal tainting the pristine snow as a tattered rope hanging near the gate beat futilely against the village bell with every gust of wind. The unnatural silence was deafening, bodies half-hidden by the stone and wood rubble as flames still crackled further up the hill. Dean felt more than heard Kevin's sharp exhale, even the small dragon stunned by the magnitude of the devastation before them. Cas regained his composure first and moved his horse forward, looking around the burned buildings for a sign of life. This was not his first war, but it was always jarring to see the toll that a conflict could take on the civilians, those who could not defend themselves against the armies vying for control of China.
Gadreel, who perfectly understood his twin's pain, reached out to squeeze his shoulder. "Max is right, Gabe; I've never seen Cas look so forlorn."
"I can't. You don't have an alpha . . . you don't have a pack!"
"I know, I'm close, too," the hunter panted, hands sliding up Cas's sides as his eyes met the angel's. He saw the instant that Cas realized what he was going to do, but the raven-haired man was too far gone to protest. Cas only managed a desperate whine as Deal shuddered and reached up to bury his fingers in the angel's wings. "Come for me, honeybee."
Balthazar stared at the symbol for a moment longer, looking up as Meg placed a hand on his shoulder. "We might as well get going, string bean. Take off your clothes and shift."
The demon nodded. “A rather large organization. They tend to be ruthless and single-minded, however. I would avoid all confrontation if possible.”
"I don't wish that, not really," Alfie returned, leading the other two omegas into the main room of Crowley's suite. Linda, who had already eaten a small breakfast while waiting for the boys to wake, nodded toward the table where tea was waiting. Mark, ever attentive in a chair by the door, closed the book he had been reading and headed to the door to call for food to be delivered. Normally, he would have it waiting, but Crowley had told the beta of his plan to sleep in, so he had waited.
Dean leaned up and forced Cas to meet his gaze, amazed at the contentment in those blue eyes. "Cas, you lost all control. I've only seen that omega space thing a couple of times, but I know what it does. How can you like being manipulated like that?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You have no idea. There was a time that witches ruled Spellbound pack, but my mother pulled the coven away almost two hundred years ago. Half-witches like myself or mundanes have led our people ever since. Some of my mother's cohorts prefer the old way, and they don't lose any opportunity to remind me of that fact. Also, some of them hate me for being half Celestial, but my mother's been able to keep them from lashing out. Anything I can do to keep the peace is good for the pack."
"What's wrong, Cas?" Dean nudged Charlie's leg and tapped Adam's shoulder, asking both of them to move away and give the two of them some space. He pulled the omega closer, tucking the younger man against his side and resting his chin on his shoulder. "Tell me what's wrong, sweet omega. I'm not going to judge you," he whispered, his voice warm against Cas's ear.
"Yeah, but I don't feel any urge to mate. I'm sure the shock of the visions this morning pushed that urge down for now. I'm guessing I'll be as bad as Alfie tomorrow."
Dean's stomach growled as he entered the library, hoping that his brother would be up to go out. "Sam?" He spotted his brother's laptop on the table, but his brother was nowhere to be seen.
"Honestly? I'm a bit afraid of your temporary adopted mother."
“Max, work your magic.”
The three Novak brothers looked up as an alpha plopped down beside Cas at their table, the green-eyed teen grinning at the raven-haired omega. "Heya, Cas. I was worried when I didn't see you; had no idea you were coming to this."
Dean chuckled. "I guess you don't really remember, but when I was a demon I could see you. I saw your true face. And I kinda fell in love with what I saw. How could I judge your physical appearance after that?"
"She told me to return to the border on the Spring Equinox."
"Not anymore. Call me whatever ridiculous nicknames you want to." He twined his fingers with Gabriel's, resting his hands on the omega's knees. After the scare that afternoon, Sam couldn't bear to not be in physical contact with the smaller blonde.
"Not bad," Gabe replied, his face buried in the crook of Sam's neck. "Something is bothering Cas, though, so we need to see Tasha."
"You wouldn't ask me that if you didn't already know," Charlie gently scolded. "Alphas want to protect others, especially their mates. You have it stronger than most, as a pack leader, but Cas has triggered something deeper in you. You crave that feeling you have when you're with him, and that's what you're missing right now. If he was your mate, the separation wouldn't bother either of you so much, but your wolves are terrified that the parting is permanent and they are making you both suffer."
"You let him suffer like that, you let him almost die, for the sake of free will?"
"Watching our boys learn to be alphas just reminds me that they're getting older by the day. Did you see Dean with Cas this afternoon?"
just not the American version
Rowena nodded and closed her eyes. "Two new messengers sprouted their wings in the wee hours of the morning. Two male omegas. It's the last thing I saw before my bond snapped."
"No, that was vile!" Kevin had grabbed a handful of cattails from the edge of the water and was running them over his tongue, desperate to clear the flavor of dirty alpha from his mouth. That lean blonde might smell like rosemary and mint, but he tasted like grave dirt and blood. "You how me big!"
"Besides, it worked," Sam added, grinning at his older brother. "Wait, you read the stories
Balthazar relaxed, nodding in agreement. "True."
"I hope so," his youngest brother whispered, accepting a cup of tea as he stared into the fire.
"It would be best. When are you planning to mate?"
"John, I appreciate your offer. I will speak with your son privately for a few minutes and see if his scent and temperament are acceptable to me. If they are, I will send him off to join my harem immediately." Dean's head shot up at that, and he glanced at his kid brother almost out of reflex. John grabbed his son's shoulder and pushed him forward, but Castiel's quick growl froze them both. "He is allowed to bid his brother farewell," the prince scolded, some part of him bristling at the thought of anyone touching Dean roughly.
"Do you know what you're saying?" Linda had known Crowley her entire life, working as a special messenger to the coven before running away to become a spy. She had never seen him truly care about any one person other than his mother, but here he was, all but proclaiming his love for a young Celestial he had known for less than two months.
"Wait, you're okay with his weird nickname fetish now?"
“You have been on edge all day,” Jo replied, gingerly touching near the poisoned skin, moving closer systematically until Gabe groaned and tried to pull away. “It’s spreading rapidly.”
Tasha glanced at the betas behind her, taking a small pile of clothes out of the supply bag and passing it to the golden-eyed omega, helping him dress before pulling him to his feet and quickly checking him for any injuries obtained in the forest. "Gabriel, were those
Dick walked around the Emperor, glaring at the man who refused to meet his eyes. "Your walls and armies have fallen," he taunted, "and now it's your turn." Leaning in close, he barked his demand, the one thing he really wanted from this short, graying man. "Bow to me."
"Not yet. No dreams, hot flashes, cravings, or, uh, you know, that." Dean grinned at the soft blush growing under his fingers; Cas was too embarrassed to talk about slick production, but he clearly hadn't hit any of the pre-heat milestones yet.
"What the hell is going on here?"
"Cas," he breathed, almost not believing his own words, "I think I'm in love with you."
Crowley wrapped one arm around Balthazar's back, slipping the other under his legs as he stood from the table, the omega's blanket forgotten in a pile on the floor. "I'm going to take him to bed, and I imagine that he will sleep through the night. You boys are welcome to join if you feel like you need to."
“Better,” Gabriel murmured. “Your bandage system is much more sophisticated than ours. Having the separate cotton pad means that you can reuse these long bandages, right?”
It took Dean a long time to tear the shirt into long strips, realizing that it wouldn’t be enough as soon as he was done. He slipped out of the trench coat and his flannel over shirt, pulling off his black t-shirt and ripping it into strips, also. Pulling his flannel back on and buttoning it up, a task he rarely bothered with, Dean reached out to place his hand on Cas’s lower back, just below the burnt wings. “Cas, I’m going to start with the right wing, okay? It’s going to hurt, but if I wrap them tightly the pain should be lessened later.”
"Your brother?" Gabriel was expecting the boy to miss his mother, which was normal for pups in the army. They were taken very young, around twelve or thirteen, and Gabriel was entrusted with their lives and expected to turn them into productive adult members of society. "I'm not used to that one, kiddo."
Dean cleared his throat and moved them deeper into the lake, ignoring the chill in the water that threatened to sap his strength. "I, uh, didn't know I would like that. Submitting to an alpha for sex is one thing, submitting to an omega . . . in front of my whole pack . . ."
, and he still didn't realize that the Winchesters had left the land that he cared for decades ago, though the new farm was bigger and much more impressive than the hardscrabble plots he had raked and weeded his entire life.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas breathed, his scent losing all of that bitterness and vanishing under the cloud of nothingness of the blockers. Dean could still smell honeysuckle and clover when he had the other boy pressed against his side, but he knew that a few feet of distance would give Cas the invisibility he desired from High School. "I'm sorry I'm such trouble."
"Wonderfully," he answered honestly. "My own mother never had much to do with us, so she's a bit of fresh air, to be honest."
The hunter ran his fingers through Cas's hair, his
"So, your options are to move the ceremony to the Wilderness border or find another leader."
"I'll remember that."
Charlie, Anna, Balthazar, and Benny hovered nearby, having found some logs and dried wood further up the path to create a fire and a sitting area. When the main army finally caught up with them, they raided the carts for warmer cloaks, Cas's younger brother wrapping one around his shoulders as he urged the captain to sit. He didn't, but he was grateful for the concern. As usual, Metatron complained loudly about the cold and the delay, little caring that the boy who had saved Cas's life was bleeding out in the medical tent, and it took every ounce of control the alpha possessed not to wring his cowardly neck.
"What? Go get him? Me? What's the matter with you? After this Great Stone Sabbatical mess, I'd have to bring him home with a medal to get back in the Temple." The tiny cricket tilted his head in confusion, antennae pointed forward as he tried to get a read on this dragon. He had never met one before, but it seemed like a large, powerful creature that could help his new friend Dean return home safely. The omega had been kind to him, releasing him into a beautiful garden after he had lived in a cage his whole life, so he truly wanted to repay that generous gesture.
"Just . . . I just want to be allowed to show that I care for you."
Behind them, as Balthazar's mental cry faded to nothing, Crowley raised his head to the heavens and howled, his entire city hearing his anguish. Balthazar, running too fast to catch his breath for a reply, just sobbed.
"Doesn't mean I'm going to miss them any less. Balthazar is spending a lot of time with his boyfriend now, so I don't see him or Michael and Lucifer nearly as much as I used to. Home doesn't always feel like home anymore."
Standing at the top of the outcropping as the last of the avalanche rolled past, Benny was trying to explain his blunder to Charlie through his tears, though crying was not something he would normally let himself do. "I let them slip through my fingers." He opened his eyes in shock as his own arrow landed in his hands, automatically closing his hands around the shaft as the weight on the other end of the rope pulled him over and dragged him toward the edge of the cliff. Balthazar, Anna, and Ishim grabbed the rope with him, pulling back with all of their might as they slipped closer and closer to the edge. "Pull!" Benny yelled, putting everything he had into the action. His eyes widened in shock as Charlie stepped forward and wrapped her arms around his waist, giving the group just enough extra strength to pull the horse and two riders back up to the edge of the cliff.
Jo chuckled, the sound shifting to a purr as she pulled the omega closer. "By the Ancestors, I thought you'd never ask."
Michael sneered and tightened his hands on Castiel’s burnt wings, the angel gasping at the sudden pressure on his fragile bones. “I’ll break these useless stumps off, see how much you want him then.”
Charlie reached out and ran her fingers through Cas's dark hair, probably sensing that he was relaxed enough to allow the casual contact, encouraging the omega to rest his head on her leg while she argued with Dean about the sociopolitical nuances of some video game Cas had never heard of. He felt a deep, numbing calm come over him, a sense of peace that he had rarely known in his life, with Charlie's hand in his hair and Adam's head on his legs, Dean reaching out to squeeze his leg every now and then, reminding the omega that he was there.
“I’ve done everything I can. Max and I are powerful witches as far as the Wilderness Pack goes, but a mental disability is beyond our skills.”
"Thank you, Gabe," Sam whispered. "It really does mean a lot."
The drive home was quiet, Cas fading in and out of consciousness to the purr of the engine. Dean kept glancing over at him, clearly concerned, but he didn't say anything until they pulled into the garage and he killed the engine.
Linda waited until all of the bags were packed before gathering her sons to her side and taking a couple of small packs out of the pile at her feet, gesturing for them to divide the rest up. "Still, it is inappropriate for an alpha to spend unsupervised time alone with unmated omegas, especially this time of the year."
Dean laughed and selected his own avatar, a blond Viking character. "That's what she named the avatar. It looks like you gained your own Meg-approved nickname, Cas."
Dean had seen Castiel's two half-brothers, and he truly hoped that he wouldn't be forced to ask one of them to help him through his heat. It might be better than going through another one alone, though, as the ones he'd had so far had been torture. "I just had one earlier this year, and one when I presented. The physician said that male omegas tend to have long gaps between heats since we aren't fertile, so it will likely be another three years before I have to worry about it again."
"Yes. I'm Balthazar." He took the witch's hand and smiled at the warmth flowing into him from that simple contact.
Sam, his eyes flashing alpha red, jerked back from his brother's grasp, growling as Metatron sneered from the top of his horse. "Silence, omega!" The scribe turned to face John, sneering at the big alpha. "You would do well to teach your
"Alright, fine. Take Castiel and his food in there, get the other omegas into Max's room, and wait for my return."
"Charlie?"
Dean rolled his eyes. "Okay, we're done with all this weird bullshit. Sammy, let's take our new boyfriends out to eat, shall we? I'm starving."
Dean knew that something had happened as soon as Cas emerged from the SUV in the drop-off loop. Gabriel and Balthazar were quiet as they walked by their brother's side, splitting off to meet with Crowley and Sam once they were sure that Dean was waiting for Cas. The raven-haired omega homed in on his alpha immediately, stopping just inches away with his arms crossed defensively in front of his chest and a dark, bitter despair coloring his faint scent under the blockers.
over one of their backs, sliding between the other's legs before landing on the other side of the white line chalked in the grass.
"You had better hope he doesn't do it at school. There are hundreds of presented alphas and dominant betas who wouldn't bother to hold themselves back from someone who smells like he does, and Alastair will be the least of your problems. We've done a pretty good job of teaching Pack members to control their urges around heats and ruts, but you might want to go over that again with your leaders. Put them on alert."
"There we go," Sam purred, pressing against Gabe as he kissed the side of his neck where he knew that he would one day see the pale scar of a mating bite. "Stop worrying about everyone else for a minute and focus on yourself. Just relax and let me take care of you."
"What happened to the others?"
*Age of majority is 18 as it is in the US and there are no other sex-related restrictions at that point
Dean leaned against the tree closest to the school, eyes on the carpool loop as he waited for Cas to be dropped off. Something was bothering him, an itch along his spine that he couldn't ignore. Balthazar had come in with Crowley that morning, which wasn't that unusual, but Cas and Gabe were late, which never happened. Sam was somewhere nearby, arguing with Charlie about some obscure reference from their Ancient Cultures lecture the day before. There were other members of his pack milling around the field, a handful of them in the student parking lot with some of their other friends, but everyone had one ear pointed toward their Head Alpha, their sense on high alert. The splinter leaders had picked up on Dean's uneasiness earlier, passing that concern down to their followers, and it seemed like everyone was standing around waiting for something to happen.
A slender Sophomore beta, the faintest red tint to her braided brown hair, slipped past Maggie to join an equally slender alpha, his dark brown hair shining with red highlights in the sun. He grinned warmly, pulling her into a fierce hug before murmuring something, laughing at her reply. Clearly, Maggie truly was amazing at matching mentors and newcomers.
Max shrugged. "Yeah, betas or omegas, but no omega is going to want to sleep around with an alpha in the days after their heats. A week or so after my first heat, Mom and Alicia took me into town and asked me what kind of mate I might prefer one day. I didn't know, just that I rarely find females desirable, so they taught me how to seduce men. I found that I have a clear preference for male alphas, but I stick with betas for casual hookups if I'm in a city where people know who I am. Alphas tend to be a lot more possessive after just one or two encounters than betas, and I'm not willing to have a relationship with someone who only wants me because I'm Asa's son. I'm actually looking forward to spending a few months in Spellbound lands where I'm just another single omega looking for love."
“Then we’ll deal. We’ll think of something. But I have no intention of abandoning him, no matter what happens, and he has all of you, too. He’s going to be okay.”
“That’s best,” Cas whispered. “I don’t feel them the same way when they are in the celestial realm. I don’t actually feel the other two pairs at all right now. I can’t help but be grateful that a seraph cannot manifest the lower wings no matter the provocation.”
"Dean,
"WHAT?!" Cas lunged forward, Dean grabbing him around the waist as he reached for Rowena, desperate to hear the conversation for himself. Fear for his brother overrode all sense of self-preservation, because no one in their right mind would want to touch an irate witch crackling with that much power.
"Mom!"
Gabriel spun on one paw and ran, screaming in his mind as tears soaked his fur. He heard Sam call after him, and he knew that the alpha was faster and would catch him in a few strides. Past caring about his own life or keeping the secret that had chased the four omegas away from their home, Gabriel flexed his shoulders and freed his wings. Turning sharply to the left, he leapt into flight, soaring over the lake and toward the dark smudge of the forest beyond it. He heard Sam curse behind him, turning to gallop the long way around the huge lake as the omega vanished into the trees.
"Yes. I'm sure you can wait a few more weeks for your father's approval, then all of you had better get mated as soon as possible. I've never seen so many strong bonds in one room before, and I'm sure no one wants to have to deal with this level of sexual frustration for a moment longer than they have to."
“These are Bengals,” the woman answered helpfully, tucking a card into the pocket of Castiel’s trench coat while his hands were occupied. “We have a number of colors available, including silver like this boy, snow, and marble, as well as some of the newer colors like blue, cinnamon, and red. We had some black kittens at the last fair but we don’t have any at the moment.”
Cas looked down at his suit and trench coat, pretty much the only thing he had ever worn on Earth excluding the brief time he spent as a human.  “What is wrong with my outfit?”
? I'm nobody, just some new kid the alphas won't leave alone." When he was arguing for Gabe to have a spot in the Pack, he had claimed that he wasn't really threatened by the school alphas, but Dean already knew that was a lie.
Gabriel pouted until Sam relented and tucked the blonde against his side, kissing his forehead. Cas and Gad exchanged an amused glance before reaching out to clean up the meal, but Dean kept staring at his brother with wide, excited green eyes. "Samoose?"
Ezekiel, a Sophomore beta, paused to nuzzle Maggie under the chin as he passed by, clearly accepting her protection and support. His younger sister was an omega, and she joined a tall, stunning redheaded alpha at the table, tucking up against Abaddon's side.
did that when he ripped Gerald's throat out."
“He’s unconscious, brother, and he’s burning up. I think the poison is starting to tear into him.”
Alastair. He had been a rogue wolf, wandering Spellbound lands alone for a decade before he made it into the mountains. Malachi had offered him a home the previous fall, but Alastair had been caught torturing a young omega just after the Winter Solstice and had been chased to the border by Malachi's warriors. The Head Alpha had wanted to kill the sleazy Spellbound, but Metatron had reminded him that the treaty prevented the murder of guests from other packs, no matter the insult. Even in the case of murder or forced mating, a tribunal would have to be called from all three packs to mete out punishment. They had both secretly wished that the skeletal alpha would die in the mountains, but clearly he had not.
Crowley looked up as Linda entered his study, closing the door behind her. "What's wrong?"
“He’s been a wreck since you left. We took off at dawn, and we ran as fast as we could, but we still took eight hours to get here. Thanks for the breakfast, by the way; we didn’t take any time to hunt this morning.”
in the way he moved, the flow of his gait, even the tilt of his head. It almost seemed that Steve was not comfortable in his own skin, his own identity. If Benny wasn't still so angry at the lean boy for causing them so much trouble the day before, he would have been more concerned about that particular observation.
"You sound awfully sure of yourself."
"Why are the wings feathered?"
"He enjoys spending time with me, and he was grateful for the part I played in getting Gabriel here quickly, but I don't know if it's more than that."
As soon as the body fell still, Crowley turned his glowing crimson eyes on Abaddon, his second standing there obediently with her head tilted to the side to expose her neck and her eyes locked on Gerald's still form. "Round up every guard and servant in my palace and find out how deep this corruption runs," he growled, the fury from before having solidified into icy determination. "Deal with this problem in whatever way you see fit, but make sure that this place is safe for my omega when he returns."
"I'll mate a beta male! I'll never have children and to hell with his damn lineage!"
“Yeah. Dean’s his heir, and I like to tag along for patrols.” Jo, her fire crackling just beside the rock, reached into the medicine pouch for the pack of needles, finding the curved one that Sam would need and taking it to the fire. Thin metal needles were very expensive and hard to come by, but a couple of their pack-mates were consummate metal workers and had gifted this set to the band. Sam had carefully curved a few of them to use for gashes like Gabriel’s, and all of them had benefited from his medical knowledge in the past. This was the first time he needed to use his skills on a member of another pack, however.
"And he controlled himself," Kevin added, his white eyes narrowing slightly. "He controlled himself like one of the alphas of your pack."
Dean grinned and reached out to ruffle Cas's dark hair, chuckling when the omega growled half-heartedly and pulled away. "You're in the Pack now, so your siblings will get in automatically. They might as well meet everyone now."
Castiel laughed at that, one of those rare human-like laughs that Dean rarely got to hear. "I'm going to tell Sam that you said that. You'll never live it down." His face fell, just slightly, but it was enough for Dean to sense that something was wrong. He pushed deeper, and watched as an image of Anna passed through Cas's mind.
"Strong enough?"
Chuck snapped his teeth and lunged forward, stopped by a soft whine and a sharp tug on his arm. He glanced down at Castiel, the six-foot-tall omega cowering in his seat and staring up at his father with bright blue eyes tinted with just the faintest gold. "Please don't fight," Cas begged, the scent of terrified, unhappy omega filling the diner. This was one of those rare times when being a Lure might be advantageous; Cas's scent was too strong to ignore. Other families, even the ones who hadn't stopped eating to watch the potential scuffle between father and son, turned to face their table, alphas and betas moving to protect their omegas and pups from whatever was frightening Cas.
"After you present, health insurance will cover blockers or maskers, but for now I need you to feel safer here at school. What better way for me to do that than to help you dampen your over-productive scent glands? I promised to protect you, and I meant that."
“What do you mean?”
"I can see that all of you understand the importance of this. Controlling your wolf is the only way to create a healthy bond. Once you have started the courtship, there are things you cannot do together until you are ready for the mating itself. Also—and everyone seems to understand this without being told—alphas and omegas can't be together when one of them is in season. In Spellbound pack, we sequester our omegas in their own wings of the palace, and the alphas like to go off into the woods alone. Alphas won't tolerate each other when they are in rut."
"Are we weapons?" When he had asked Dean the same question, there had been trepidation in his tone, but he no longer feared the answer.
," Rowena repeated, cutting the younger omega off. "I did leave out a few things, yes, but I had to. I saw so many paths in front of me when Cas asked how far they could go, so many possible futures, so I had to point them toward the best possible ones. If I had told them anything else, then we would be looking at Path Number Two from the prophecy."
"No. Females might, like Jo, but males don't. Sam is kinda the exception."
Mshindi shrugged. "I spent a great deal of time speaking with Crowley when he granted me an audience. I could see how much he missed you, and there were dark circles under his eyes that hinted at a sleepless night. It wasn't hard to infer that he had become used to sleeping with you, and perhaps with Kevin and Alfie, and was now having trouble adjusting to an empty bed. I had the same problem during my first assignment after cuddling with my siblings my entire life. It wasn't hard to see that he would try to find a place to relax, a place that reminded him of you, so I sort of tricked you into leading us there."
Cas stiffened against Dean, soulful blue eyes rising to meet his alpha's jade green. "I didn't mean to humiliate you or anything, Dean."
The omega looked toward the kitchen and met the eyes of a tall, dark skinned alpha standing with his friend against the wall, both of them drinking beer. College kids, then, exuding the kind of confidence that marked them as Seniors. Curious, Cas nodded and stepped closer, willing to greet them but not really interested in offering an exchange of scents. "Yes, that's me."
Finally, so softly that Dean almost missed it, Cas spoke. "What even is a messenger? Some kind of peacekeeper? Am I a weapon?"
Cas shook his head. "I'm sorry that I keep reacting like that. I don't mean to."
"Yes, I had tons of fun," the skinny boy replied, sticking to Cas's side as the group headed for the front driveway. "I got to play around in a bouncy house, we played tag—Anna cheats, by the way—, the food was awesome, and I got a boyfriend."
Crowley sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "I think it's a bad idea, but I will do it if there is truly no one else who can lead you. I do know how important this is."
