He looked up when he heard the nurse say John's name and carefully stood, packing up Katherine's backpack. He let out a breath, then lifted her as well, wincing at the tug in his side. "How is he?" he whispered to the nurse, ignoring his pain for now.
Alpha.
Harry sighed. "Christ you're stubborn, you really are," she muttered. "Look, Mum's tea is getting cold, so I'm going in there. You can do as you like," she said, walking past John and into the hall where she nearly ran into Sherlock. "Oh! Careful there, he's back that way," she said with a nod towards the kitchen as she took the tea into the living room.
Sherlock nodded a little, turning his attention back to Katherine. He felt John's arm wrap around him, and he sighed softly, smiling a little.
John was going to let Sherlock sleep how he had laid down until he shifted closer the first time, and then John took over, his body reacting before his mind had caught up. He moved closer to Sherlock, gently straightening his legs so that he could pull him closer. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's hips, running his fingers over the small of his back and nuzzling into his hair. "Goodnight, love," he whispered, closing his eyes.
Sherlock huffed a small sigh, taking a larger bite out of the sandwich before setting it down. He took up the glass, swallowing a couple mouthfuls of milk. "’m not a child..." he murmured quietly, taking another small bite of the sandwich again. "I've never had the largest of appetites," he explained with a small shrug.
she had told him around a month ago. Of course, his immediate thought was
"I'm sure it's fine," Sherlock said quietly, his right hand still over the bandage.
Sherlock looked over at Moran, watching as Moriarty carelessly kicked him off the stage. "Pity that...I think he rather loved you. Had a thing for Alphas apparently," Sherlock said, straightening himself up a bit, though he still kept his arm around John.
Sherlock smirked a little at John's remark, looking out at the snow.
Sherlock sighed, quiet, still, for a few minutes. "It is nothing, just the responsibility of everything that has gone wrong in my life so far," he finally said. "By that I mean, of course, that I am responsible for my parents’ deaths, almost killing my brother, and by rights my own enslavement into that place, because without the former, the latter would have never happened," he said, staring at the wall straight across from him.
Katherine smiled a little. "I know Daddy," she said, pulling away and pressing a small kiss to his cheek. "Papa says you both going to have fun," she said.
John wasn't entirely sure how he had gotten upstairs, but he was sitting on the floor cross-legged, the box of China to his left. He turned over a cup in his hand, looking intently at the cracks in its delicate surface before he threw it at the wall. The pull on his side was nice, and the twist in his shoulder was better. The shatter of the cup was satisfying.
Sherlock swallowed, glancing up at Mindy. "So... how did you know?" he asked. "About... about the pup?" he asked.
Sherlock was silent again, his hand moving to his side absentmindedly.
Sherlock looked at the living room, moving out to look out the windows, seeing the police work. He looked back at John. "Building across the street..." he said, avoiding John's question, before he started straightening up a few things in the living room. "Should get this glass up," he mumbled, reaching into the kitchen to grab a broom, and started sweeping.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, looking around Katherine's room a little before curling up, leaning back into John. "I...I wanted to get Hamish's crib, but there wasn't room to set it in the living room so I cleaned it, then I got the crib down and I...well I couldn't leave Katty's room a mess either, thought I would surprise her.” He yawned, hugging Katherine's bear gently, missing her. He'd cleaned the whole flat save for the bathroom, but he could get that next. "We just have to put it together. Why did you grab a knife?"
He shifted a little on his feet, listening to John return the sentiment, while he stood there, unsure what to say, or if he ought to react in some way. After a moment, he looked up again. "Nice seeing you again," he said quietly, and finding he meant it. He liked John's family, as odd as it was to be around them. But that was more culture shock than anything else.
Sherlock sat on the sofa for a while, waiting. Finally he couldn't stand it, pacing the room a bit before pulling out his phone.
Sherlock hummed lightly. "God I feel terrible about it... but at least she won't remember being so... invaded," he murmured, watching Katherine stare up at her mobile, swinging gently. She reached up and could barely swat at the small creatures hanging from it with her fingertips. She fussed a little, quieting down quickly though. "Yeah... suppose so," he said quietly, finishing up his food.
Sherlock stood back as John started hurling the plates, watching slowly as he seemed to shatter as well.
Sherlock hummed a little as he was lifted up from the car.
Sherlock smiled again, though his smile fell a little when John said eight pounds. So, a small bowling ball. He sighed, looking at John's eyes. He really underestimated the beauty of them. He sighed, settling down next to John. "What do you want to do today? You can watch that show maybe? I was just thinking of putting together another song... feeling... I guess one might say inspired?"
John nuzzled against Sherlock's skin, nosing his way up under his ear. Pressing his lips to the soft patch of skin there, John grazed his teeth gently along it, running his fingers up into Sherlock's hair and just holding them there, dropping his forehead back to Sherlock's shoulder.
“I imagine he would,” Sherlock responded. “That was their purpose for having you and the others there. The word you are looking for already exists though you may not be happy in hearing it,” Sherlock said, leaning back in his chair.
John sobbed. "The letter... said that... because I didn't finish my term, and they're short on doctors, that I'm required..." He couldn't finish the sentence, too distraught to speak.
Sherlock woke up again when a nurse came in to check his vitals and line, smiling down at him softly. He thought he heard her murmur that he could go home that evening, but he dozed off again before he could even say that he wasn't sure he had one.
“Good…good, John...” Sherlock breathed, relief seeping into his tone. He felt the wound beneath his fingers close slowly, but continued to offer his wrist, staring into the dazed, unfocused eyes that he’d felt so certain he’d never see again.
Sherlock watched her stand up and leave the room, closing the door. He swallowed, waiting a moment before shifting himself up onto John's lap and wrapping his arms around him. "I am so sorry John, and... for the record, the mood was brought down by my nonsense panic attack over your mother knowing I was pregnant," he said, kissing John's jaw and cheek gently, eventually gently taking up his lips as well. "I love you, and you're home now," he said quietly.
Sherlock looked back at John. "I don't want to be a disturbance, or a burden on you," he said quietly.
Sherlock.
John pushed off of the bed, walking over to the door and throwing it open, disappearing down the hall before Sherlock could stop him. He stopped just around the corner, ignoring the looks he was getting from worried nurses, and sank to the floor, his back pressed up against the wall, and pulled his knees up to his chest, sobbing heavily into them.
Sherlock pulled John's face up gently, kissing him on his lips as he reached up, lifting the tags gently from John's neck. Even then Sherlock could almost feel the weight of them, and he lifted it up over John's head, not breaking the kiss as he slipped them over his own, taking the weight for himself.
"’m thirsty; can I have water?" Sherlock asked, his mouth dry.
Sherlock's pale face lit up when John pulled open the door, falling instantly again when he saw his expression. He swallowed thickly, blinking a few times. He hadn't expected that... but really, what should he have expected? In his dreams, John was always happy to see him, but then... this was real life. "J... John. It's me... I, I told you... I promised I would... come back," he said, hand still firmly pressed to his side. He leant against the doorframe, trying to keep himself up.
John paused in the kitchen long enough to grab his wallet and his keys and then he was gone, hailing a cab as soon as he was on the street.
"We're having hot chocolate when we get home," John declared, already having made up his mind. "Might even spike it with peppermint schnapps or something."
And while the vampire found it somewhat humorous to see the man’s eyes widen slightly, forehead smoothing out as he took in their surroundings, Sherlock was somewhat surprised the human didn’t object more. While on the events of that case, which ended in them apprehending the proprietor of the establishment who also happened to be a magistrate, Sherlock had seen John across the way where he’d stood guard.
Sherlock sighed a little, still bouncing Katherine. "Alright," he said quietly. He finished his sandwich, Katherine stealing a pinch of bread for herself before he walked out into the living room, closing the gate to the kitchen. The door to the stairs was closed, childproofed as well since they didn't need her toppling down them. He set her down on the floor then; she couldn't go anywhere, corralled to the living room. He moved over and climbed onto John's lap, wrapping his arms around his neck. "I love you," he said quietly. "So what's wrong?" he whispered.
Sherlock flinched a little, unable to help the slight curl into himself. With John, he felt almost like a child who'd done something wrong. His eyes burned a little, and he blinked a few times to stop them from tearing up at all.
Sherlock blinked a few times, still waking up, his head sluggish so it took a minute to catch up. He leant into John's hand a little, half shrugging. "’m okay," he murmured quietly, letting out a slow breath.
His side didn't like that in the least, feeling like it was tearing. He groaned, throwing up again and cursing mentally when he heard a nurse come in to check on John, only to hear Sherlock in the bathroom.
Sherlock shivered, soaking up the praise happily. He hummed, wrapping his arms around John for a moment, nuzzling close to him. He smiled. "I love you..." he breathed, catching his breath a little. He rolled over, resting his torso over John's. He rested there for a moment, then sat up with a smirk. "Well, you got to enjoy seeing all of me at least.... Strip," he said, trying his hand at ordering for once. It felt out of place, but not entirely wrong.
Only after that they stopped. One day while John was going about straightening the flat, Sherlock off doing something or another at Bart's, he found himself actively searching for a stone. Just one, it had been a few weeks. He wondered why Sherlock had stopped the game with the stones, what had changed?
He wanted to ask to hold John's hand, but didn't see that as being received well. He let out a breath, pulling off his coat and draping it over John, enveloping him in his scent. "Please look at me?" he asked softly, "I don't want you to be afraid to look at me, just like you told me at the very beginning...when you took me from that place. Remember?"
"Easy, sweetheart," John murmured, rubbing the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb. "You're alright, okay?" He wished he could actually sit up and hold Sherlock, but he was resigned to this, and he guessed he could deal with it.
John made a small noise, pushing to his feet and padding from the room. "There are other medications that can help, though," he said, pushing his feet into his shoes. "Something to bring down the fever that's building and something to settle my stomach. Just need to go write a prescription." He reached out for his jacket, looking over his shoulder at Sherlock. "I'll be back in less than forty-five minutes, I promise."
John scoffed a little, “Nothing happens to me, and I’ve tried adjusting. Done everything you asked, save for the blog. I go for a walk every day, tried reconnecting to Harry though she makes it right difficult to, even applied for a couple jobs,” he said, letting out a slow breath. “I’m doing what I’m supposed to do, you keep telling me to give it time, as if I can do anything else but that.”
John let Sherlock help him out of his shirt, tossing it to the floor. "Christ, it's not like I mind," he said, grinning, as he reached out to cup Sherlock's cheek.
Sherlock reached up and touched his neck gently, where John would leave marks later, one that others could see on the side, and then one on the back of his neck that was just for him. The thought made him smile lightly, and he thought it so odd. Never... not with anyone else could he ever see himself giving himself over like that.
"Love you too," Sherlock murmured. "Always," he added with a small sigh, settling down even more and looking across the room.
Occasionally John would stir, and Sherlock would murmur quietly to him, mostly just little things, periodic elements in order and other useless information, keeping his voice low and calm until John settled again.
John furrowed his brow, realising that Sherlock was talking about when he had left for Afghanistan. "You... you tried to come with me?" he asked, slightly bewildered. He looked up, meeting Sherlock's mercury gaze and reaching around to cup the back of his neck. "You're an idiot," he breathed, smiling slightly and pressing their lips together.
They were finally lead to a room and they saw Mindy there laying unconscious, various wires and tubes hooked up to her. Sherlock felt a lump form in his throat and he held onto Hamish tighter. "Why would someone do this?" he said softly. God, was it him? Were they after the kids? Though if they had been, wouldn't they have also...Sherlock shook his head, not wanting to think about that.
Sherlock looked at John's scar; his was beautiful. He'd got it protecting his men, doing his duty, and ultimately it's what brought him home to Sherlock. Sherlock's were just him being weak.
sitting in a wheelchair when he could walk just as well.
I do write to Mum and Harry, just not nearly as often as I write to you. I miss you too much.
By that time, John seemed a bit more out of it.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, pulling his sleeves down and looking up at John. "I'm living the only way I know how to," he said.
He didn't hear it, to busy shouting and cursing at his brother, saying things he would later regret probably. He couldn't think, as soon as Greg took Hamish downstairs Sherlock lost it completely. He didn't exactly remember after that, only coming to in an isolation room, probably in a hospital. Mycroft stayed long enough to say that the children were with Mindy. Sherlock ignored him after that, and everyone else.
Sherlock held still as John's arms wrapped around him, swallowing thickly. He looked to the side. "There's nothing buried; I'm just me," he mumbled quietly, stepping back a minute later to pull on his coat.
"I'm fine," John whispered, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist and pulling him closer. He wasn't hungry, and it had taken a bit of effort to even eat the chocolate. He wasn't sure why it was affecting him so badly, this visit, until they were nearly at the flower shop. "PTSD is kicking in," he murmured, squeezing Sherlock's hand as he paid the cabbie and stepped outside. He could tell that his posture was stiff, formal, but he couldn't help it. It was a natural reaction to stress.
"Sherlock," Mycroft said, surprisingly soft for his normal tone, causing Greg to look at him – even he never heard
Sherlock blinked once, his neck still aching. He didn't take anything...not like this, not during a heat. Because...well because he couldn't. Especially with the aching reminder on his neck, he listened to John. He
John pushed away from the computer, trudging back to his room and collapsing on the bed. Gunfire still rang in his ears from the mission, and he swallowed tightly when he remembered how close he had been to getting shot. Another five inches and it would have been straight through his skull.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open as he woke up, feeling John behind him. He licked his lips a little, rolling onto his back and turning his head to look at John, who was asleep. He swallowed, letting out a breath. He watched John for a little while, thinking about him, and both Katherine’s.
He knew Mycroft would take it seriously. Sherlock glanced over at their daughter again then back down to his phone.
John didn't want to talk about leaving any more that night, or ever again, really. He didn't want to leave, period. But the army needed doctors, and they needed infantry members, and John figured he could give them both for two years.
He hummed a little. "John... we... made that," he said, his head leaning back and rolling to the side, face a little pale.
"Daddy?" Katherine asked in a small voice. "Wake up... Papa's sick," she said quietly, having woken up when John did.
Sherlock woke up almost a couple hours later, still laying on top of John, though at some point he had pulled out of him. He swallowed thickly, eyes pulling open. He was warm, too warm. He shifted a little, rolling off of John, his body heat too much. "S'hot," he murmured blearily.
Sherlock looked towards the living room, grabbing a glass of water and moving out into the towards John’s voice. He didn't even ask before climbing onto John's lap carefully and snuggling closer to him, sighing as he did so.
Mindy smiled softly up at Sherlock, knowing that he had suffered enough without her yelling and nagging at him. "I know you didn't. And I know that you've gone through hell to come back. And you did come back." She patted his cheek in a motherly way, turning around and picking up her share of presents. "Just don't do it again," she said, walking down the stairs.
“You…you fucking idiot! Why’d you have to…fuck!” he shouted, backing away before he took off down the alley.
Sherlock looked up at John, not sure what to do. He poked at his roll, only having taken the one bite. "I'm sorry... I, I wasn't being serious. Though what I pointed out is true I... was trying to ah... be funny I guess," he murmured.
Sherlock smirked. "Trust me, you don't want to see this whelp get all prune-y," he murmured, reaching over to turn off the tap. He pressed a small kiss to John's nose, wrapping his arms around John's waist again. "We can do whatever you like," he murmured.
Sherlock nodded, gripping tightly onto John. He wanted it, he didn't care; he wanted John, all of him, always. He groaned a little, toes curling. There was nothing to be worried about this time, he knew he loved John, and he knew John wasn't leaving. He didn't have to worry about pups because that could only happen during a heat, anyway. "Yes... god, yes John," he panted.
Katherine yawned again, rubbing at one of her eyes. "G'morning Papa," she said drowsily, sniffing a little through her stuffy nose. "Mmsleepgood," she said with a sleepy nod. Sherlock smiled at her, reaching over and feeling her forehead. She felt normal, probably wouldn't hit her till later, if at all. "Still want to go look at schools baby?" he asked quietly. She perked up a small bit, then nodded, pulling her plate a little closer to herself.
There was nothing left for it. He sent a message to Mycroft, telling him that John had been taken and where from. Hopefully that would turn up something, but until then... he pulled up John's number.
Sherlock thought about that, letting out a breath and squeezing John's hand softly in return. He could only really think of one person he loved. Though perhaps Mycroft? He cared for his brother, as annoying as he was. And in their own way, they showed affection. But John was different. "I see," he said softly.
Sherlock curled a little smaller when he felt John wrap around him, leaning back into him. John's hand felt reassuring on his chest, and he let out a breath.
"I don't think I'll ever tire of you doing that," John admitted, glancing up at Sherlock with another smile. "It did, yeah. I didn't do much, just handed over instruments and cleaned the sight for the surgeon, but it went smoothly. No complications." He took another large bite of his sandwich, chewing thoroughly before swallowing. "And you're welcome for the other thing. I felt obligated. You don't seem the ownership type. You have your own ideas, and I certainly wasn't going to hold you back."
Maria chuckled, rubbing his shoulder gently. "It's alright, love. Can't stop it. Do you boys want me to pick up some morning after pills for you?" she offered.
"Not like I've ever been able to deny you anything," John said quietly, nudging his cock past the first ring of muscles and then snapping in the rest of the way. He growled a little nipping and nibbling and kissing over the scar on Sherlock's shoulder as he thrust into him, making each one long, slow, and forceful, hitting Sherlock's prostate dead on with every thrust.
Twenty minutes later a nurse came out, tapping John on the shoulder gently. "Excuse me, sir? He's in a room," she said quietly, gesturing for John to follow. "Got his hand taken care of, and he's got a bit of a nasty bump on his head. Poor thing was in a panic when he woke up, though. Got a bit of a tongue on him, doesn't he?" she asked, tucking a bit of hair behind her ear, ignoring the comment the patient had made.
But that's me grabbing at straws I guess.
are going to make tea, you are going to be sitting in
Sherlock rocked Katherine gently as she ate, blinking a few times. "You're sick and hung over... you need the rest," he said quietly. "I'm fine," he said, combing through a few of Katherine's curls, blinking a few times.
Sherlock watched him leave, running his hands up his arms. He'd wanted to stop thinking too... and look where that had got him. He sighed, looking down. He never could do thinks like this right. He wanted nothing more than to help John, have him back. He wasn't good at being the strong one, not for things like this.
John smiled at the sight of the blanket on the sofa and pulled it over himself when he laid down. He smiled softly, pillowing his head on his folded arms and looked over at Sherlock, closing his eyes as he started playing.
John laughed, taking the seat next to him instead of across. "That's good, because I'm not sure you could convince me to move out of this seat for anything besides going home." He leant a little against him, smiling up at Angelo when he came back with glasses of water. Ordering a pasta dish, John handed the menu back over to Angelo, taking Sherlock's after he had ordered as well.
John nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, his muscles straining to hold both of them up. Finally he gave up, lowering them both to the floor and settling Sherlock onto his lap. "Sorry," he murmured. "I just couldn't hold us up anymore."
"I'm not going to let anyone take you," John promised, his eyes slipping closed again. "I promise. You're mine."
"Yeah, it's definitely different. Definitively... I can only think to describe it using the word 'pregnant.'" He swirled the glass, blowing on the foam, and took a drink of the beer. "I'm glad Mycroft is keeping you off cases. I'd rather you home safe, even if I'm not home, which I do apologise for."
John chuckled, but he knew Sherlock was right that he needed more sleep. "Yeah," he agreed, crawling into the bed and under the covers, "you need to think through that puzzle. See if you can figure anything else out."
Sherlock smiled, tilting his head up to look at John. "I know you'll be busy... but I can't help but wonder what it is I should do with everything," he murmured quietly.
John tipped back the first glass in two swallows, his hands trembling with the force of holding in his emotions. He poured a second glass full, making his way into the living room and sinking down numbly onto the couch, curling up against the armrest and nursing the drink between his hands.
Sherlock smiled, resting his head on John's shoulder. His mother would have held her, loved her even. He let out a breath. "She was getting big, yes," he murmured, looking down at his stomach, which felt so off now without her there. He sighed softly, watching Harry crowd her niece a little.
Sherlock knelt on the ground by John, taking his hand and wiping away the droplet of blood welling up before kissing the tip of John's thumb. He sighed. "Numbing isn't really better... even if it is nice," he said quietly. He lifted John's fingers to his own arms. "I know..." he said quietly.
Sherlock sighed a little, blinking his eyes open. It was gone now, completely gone. "Okay," he said quietly. "Do you just want us to go or... well, I could probably do with some tea maybe," he murmured softly. Next best thing, considering he didn't have a patch on him, couldn't smoke, and wouldn't touch the other, especially now. "Could you? You make it perfectly," he said quietly. "I'm okay now... I can go downstairs and... I dunno, make small talk with your mother or something," he murmured.
"Mm... cleaned up... Mmkay," Sherlock mumbled, not moving from where he was curled on top of John still.
"It's mop-ish," John said softly, nuzzling against Sherlock's shoulder. A wave of nausea rolled over him and he groaned, pressing a hand to his stomach. "Good practice for you," he teased. "Children get sick easily."
"Quite done with the games myself, though John strikes a good point. We could just leave, and we will," he said, taking a few steps back, John still at his side. His heart was hammering in his chest, but he kept his expression stern.
John smirked. "Well, do you want me to call your Gran and tell her that we'll come later or what?" he asked, casting a look at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye.
John parted his eyelids, rubbing at them groggily. "Sherlock?" he asked, pushing himself up, instantly awake when he saw the concern on his mate's face. "Is everything alright?"
Sherlock felt his stomach drop, eyes scanning about, not seeing John. He spotted an employee door, only place they could have gone if John was incapacitated. He quickly ran through it and down the hallway, past crates, running towards what could only lead to a loading bay.
Week and a half now, and...I'm okay. Katherine comes home in a few days, and as for Greg, well... he and Mycroft have gone on holiday too it seems. At least I think, I don't know. They're just...both gone, not picking up their calls. Greg texted me and said they want some time. I think they're trying again personally...and I wish them luck I suppose. I can test for the sex if you want, I was thinking of waiting for the ultrasound to show it, but if you want it done sooner, I can. I want to know, but the closer I get the more I worry. I had a dream the other night...about the baby. I wish I hadn't.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, reaching out to grab the pills but missed.
"We can come back, if you like," his mum teased, stepping farther into the room. John beckoned them both inside, giving Harry a 'be on your best behaviour' look and raising his eyebrows.
Sherlock hummed, his hands cupping the sides of John's face as he leaned into John. He grinned against John's mouth, resting his forehead against the Alpha's, breathing in his scent. "I am taking you home...and we're going to have it be just us. For one night anyway, then we'll all be together," he said softly. "And that's how it's going to stay," he said, closing his eyes for a moment.
John patted Sherlock's shoulder and stepped away. "Alright, commence pacing."
(See the end of the chapter for
-------------------------------------------------------------
"You're cocky and arrogant," John said, chuckling as he traced the outline of Sherlock's tattoo and brand with the tips of his fingers before he leaned forward to kiss it gently. "We're both marked from war, aren't we?" he asked quietly, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist and holding onto him tightly. "Wish we had some semblance of a normal life."
John followed Harry into the house, tugging Sherlock along with him. "I'm glad you found someone. I can't imagine what it was like... twice..." John trailed off, shaking his head. "I'm sorry I wasn't there," he murmured, reaching up to set his hand on Harry's arm. He squeezed Sherlock's hand at the same time, looking back at him with a small smile.
Sherlock smiled a little, watching John, his John, sleep. He was there for a while and eventually drifted off a little as well. That didn't last too long, though, before he resumed his vigil. Around ten in the morning he grew restless and disentangled himself from John's arms, moving into the living room and took up his violin, playing softly.
Sherlock to take over.
“Why haven’t you just…killed me?” he asked, Sherlock could hear the anger and exhaustion in his voice, this man was past the point of being afraid. Which was odd, considering his position.
Sherlock looked at her, smiling over at John as he held Katherine on his hip. "She knows your name though," he murmured. "Papa," he murmured, after which Katherine echoed it.
"Shouldn't thank me," John said, his voice not coming through as clear as he would like. "S'not like I had a choice, did I?" He rolled over onto his side, giving Sherlock a good view of his back.
After an hour of working on the shrapnel wound, the soldier died of blood loss and torn organs, and John added another name to his list.
John’s phone rang out, and he answered it instantly.
Katherine sniffled a little, slipping her thumb into her mouth as she stayed curled up on her Papa's lap, hair sticking to her forehead.
Sherlock blinked a few times, his brow furrowing a little. "Erm… yeah, we can," he said, waving at the waitress a little and asking for a couple boxes and a check. "Are you okay?" he asked quietly. "Look, I'd like to go back to the manor sometime. I think... that I'm ready. And you'd be going too and I think you'd like it," he said, looking at John. "Really, it's fine," he repeated.
He was picking up one of the books when he saw a dog-eared page. The book itself was about arctic animals, the creased page was about the Adelie penguins. John furrowed his brow a little, scanning down the page when something caught his eye.
"’m Sherlock," he mumbled.
John threw the plates harder, faster, until he ran out of people to think about and all he saw was himself. He collapsed to his knees, not really registering the pain of it, and broke down, heavy sobs raking through him. He bent forward at the waist, one arm banded around his stomach, pounding his shaking left hand onto the floor and squeezing his eyes shut. "They're all gone," he sobbed, his voice building into a scream. "They all bloody died!"
he panted, his legs going weak, not able to lift himself up more.
Sherlock nodded a little, looking outside of the windscreen. His mouth fell open and he gaped at the small cabin that came into view. He let out a breath, swallowing thickly as the car pulled to a stop. "John..." he breathed, looking at it. "It's beautiful... truly, it is. Perfect," he murmured, glancing at John. "And ours?" he asked smiling a little.
Sherlock sighed, wrapping one arm around John, the other keeping Katherine secured on the table so she didn't roll off. "I know... just hate seeing her hurt like that," he said quietly. He knew if it was an infection she would be given antibiotics of some sort and it would sort her out in a couple days, but still.
Sherlock whimpered a little as John pushed into him, slamming up again and again. He rocked his hips despite John holding him, needing it more, close... again close. "J-John... please,
Sherlock continued to rock Katherine gently, the toddler curled up in his lap, her thumb slipping into her mouth before she fell asleep. It had been nearly her naptime anyway. He got up, resting her down on the sofa and covering her before stepping into the steamy bathroom. He reached in, turning the water off, seeing John curled up at the bottom of the tub, skin red. "John," he said in a broken voice, forgetting his clothes as he climbed into the tub also and curled himself over the top of John's back, wrapping his arms around him. "I love you...so much, please don't disappear before you go...you have to come back," he said.
Sherlock stopped mid-step, blinking a few times and looking at John. "I didn't know... you didn't say anything," he said. That made John… what was it… twenty-three now? Twenty-four? He couldn't remember. "When was it? Why didn't you tell me? And for the record you missed mine as well so... we'll both just have to make up for it," he said.
"You didn't exactly have a normal family life, did you?" John asked quietly, taking his fingers away so that Sherlock could rinse his hair. "Sounds like your mother loved you, though."
Sherlock blinked a few times when he felt a hand close around his fingers, and he looked at their hands, then up at John. He let out a breath, swallowing before looking at the bed. He wasn't sure what to do, or think, but before he could try to do so, his mouth was already moving, factual as ever while he tried to sort out his... feelings.
He left out the bit where he himself might be about to be attacked; he wanted John to be the priority, and Sherlock knew Mycroft. He would go to Sherlock first.
John grinned, giving Hamish his finger. "He sounds like a couple people I know," he said quietly, winking. He pulled out his phone after a short while, texting his mother again, and he got an instant reply back saying that she would be over before supper time to pick up the kids.
Sherlock blinked, looking down and remembering that he didn't allow himself to hope, because then you started to wish for the impossible. Having the war declared over in one night was impossible, but John coming home wasn't, and he wouldn't hope. He would wait.
John dropped his jacket on the floor by the foot of the bed, toed off his shoes, and collapsed on the mattress. As soon as his eyes closed, he was asleep.
Sherlock hummed, his eyes closing as he felt John's teeth graze up his neck to his jaw. He wasn't though, not
----------------------------------------------------------
in his chair, his head propped up on his hand, his breaths steady and slow. Christ, John couldn't remember a time when he had seen Sherlock sleep in the middle of the day that wasn't during his heat.
Sherlock's forehead rested against John's, and he let out a breath, pressing close to him. He watched John sleep for a little while, finally feeling the pull of the drugs after the pain dulled away. He blinked a few times, then found his eyes wouldn't open, and then he fell asleep, knowing no more.
John smiled down at her. "Sure, love. You go on ahead and turn it on. I'm going to go get dressed and then run down the street to get Daddy some medicine, alright?" He kissed her forehead before walking down the hall, making a pit stop in the bathroom to brush his teeth, and then quickly pulled on some jeans and a jumper. "I'll be back in a short bit," he told Sherlock when he returned to the kitchen, kissing his temple and then his lips.
Groaning, John stumbled unsteadily to his feet, walking ungracefully over to the group of people that had already gathered around...
John stepped back from the bed, sweeping his gaze over the unconscious boy, checking for injuries. He had seen the wrists already, but he knew other wounds couldn’t be far behind with the treatment he had been getting.
Sherlock didn't want that now; he'd read about the whole process, and separation too soon after is tortuous, primarily for the Omega, or so the studies said. He sighed, leaning his head on John's shoulder.
John moaned, nuzzling against the back of Sherlock's neck. "I know, I know," he breathed, instantly starting to thrust his hips forward. There was no semblance of a rhythm – he couldn't feel any pain, but he was still injured – but that somehow made it better. Everything was unpredictable, and the noises Sherlock was making were delicious, pushing him into a faster pace.
"I'm not saying that you're weak, and I'm not asking you to just stand by," John said, nearly snarled. "I am telling you to guard our children, because they are the most important thing in the world. Their safety comes first. And I want to know that someone capable is looking after them while I'm hunting these arseholes," he said, his lip curling back in anger. He turned his head, clenching his jaw as he glared out of the window. Katherine stirred in his arms, and he shushed her gently, wishing to be home, wishing that there was something to take his anger out on.
"Katherine," Sherlock said finally. "Katherine Viola Holmes was her name," he said quietly.
John smiled at Sherlock, hiding his distress behind a mask of kindness and gentleness. He squeezed his mate's hand, taking Kat's in his other hand, and led them across the street, releasing them both as he reached up to ring the doorbell. He gave Sherlock a slightly nervous look, a little apprehensive about doing this, about seeing them before he left.
“Christ, what are you then some sort of…of…”
Sherlock sighed a little, his eyes closing a small bit. "’m okay," he said. "Got a few texts from Lestrade and Mycroft. Mrs Hudson's not happy apparently, bullets in her floors and holes in the door," he said. He opened his eyes. "I wasn't hurt; I had made for the window, but… he shot at the door a couple times," he said quietly.
Katherine's feet stopped swinging as she listened to John. She blinked a few times, thinking, "Oh," she said. "Papa is nice though," she said with a small nod, smiling. "Glad Daddy's not in bad place no more," she murmured, sniffing softly. She paused, a new question forming. "What's Omega?" she asked. "Said like Daddy...what Mm'I?" she asked.
Sherlock looked up at him, he knew of course what it was John was talking about, and he knew in all likelihood that the John that left may not be the John that came back.
Sherlock tensed a little when the arm wrapped around him, pulling him closer. He blinked, looking down at it and then glancing up at John, not moving. He let his head fall to the side, resting on John’s shoulder before he even took a breath, relaxing a small bit after doing so, the scent next to him so... different than the others. He was used to getting nervous when he smelled an Alpha nearby.
"But there's no suitcase, Sherlock," Lestrade said.
"No, no not that," Sherlock said. "That I... it's here somewhere, John... put away in," he smacked the side of his head, "here. I haven't... that is, my people skills and such are... are rusty. I put them away... emotions," he said quietly. It had to be there, because after all, if he didn't love John, then why did losing him destroy him? "My chemistry, my body... I... I'm not an Omega. I can't... it doesn't feel like it should!" he said, frustrated. He'd ruined everything, if it was permanent...
John laughed low in his chest, taking his fingers away and rising up above Sherlock. He slid in with a quick, sharp thrust, watching the look of relief pass over Sherlock's features. Snapping his hips one more time, he picked up a relentless pace, knowing now that he didn't have to be gentle with the Omega.
Omega. Relaxing was not on his mind at the moment.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking at John. "Where are you going?" he asked.
"Mm... Father was a politician and worked mostly out of the country, America a lot of the time. Mother worked from home but often went away to France to take care of Grand-mère," he murmured. "That was when she wasn't traveling with Father," he explained. He hummed a little, rinsing the soap from his hair.
"They're necessary, love," John murmured, kissing Sherlock's temple. "I don't like it either, but I don't want her to get sick." He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist, tempted to pull him into his lap. He sighed heavily, resting his head against Sherlock's and closing his eyes for a moment. "I should go start lunch. What would you like?" he asked quietly.
Katherine had leaned against Sherlock's chest as John was in their room, Sherlock sitting and combing his fingers through her hair gently, noting that her thumb had gone back into her mouth. She looked over at the tags dangling from John's fingers, reaching out and taking them. She set them in her lap, pulling the small magnifying glass open and holding it over the stamped metal, studying it carefully before slipping the chain over her neck.
John chuckled softly, knowing that Mrs Hudson was basically going to be another grandmother to Katherine. "That would be lovely, Mrs H. Just no pink; she's got plenty of that," he teased, squeezing Sherlock's free hand. "Thanks for bringing the bag," he said, nodding at it.
?" He was fighting to keep his voice under control. "He was fourteen; what the hell were you thinking?"
November 10
She had watched John fall apart, had seen him crumble into someone who wasn't her son, staying strong only for Katherine. "I've never seen him like that, and I don't mean that in a good way." She stepped forward, tilting Sherlock's chin to the side and tapping his bondmark. "This isn't for nothing. He's not like that around other people. You can't see it, but I've known him his whole life. You are literally the only person in the world that he loves with his whole heart, and your daughter is a very close second." She cupped his neck with her hand, which was so much smaller and more frail than his. "But I'm not going to be mad at you, love. I can see that you had selfless reasons."
Sherlock was frowning a little as he wrapped his scarf around his neck. "There's no one to tell anything," he insisted as John led him downstairs. "They're dead, John," he said, folding his arms as he stood on the pavement, John flagging down a cab.
John's heart ached for Sherlock, and he combed his fingers gently through his hair. "No, love, I'm sorry. I'm sorry you have to go through this." He kissed Sherlock's forehead again. "You're still alive, though, and we still have one, don't we?" He rested his forehead against Sherlock's, looking him in the eyes. "We have to go on for this one. He or she is still healthy and alive, love." He cupped Sherlock's cheek, stroking his thumb over his cheekbone.
John steadied Sherlock as they made their way down the hall, following the DI closely as he led them into a room.
"Hmmm." Sherlock hummed, nuzzling close to John, his eyes closing on their own. "Can't... Mycroft sending something," he mumbled drowsily. "Have to pick it up…. Jus' going to leave it on the steps 'nd ring the bell. Doesn't do social calls... even if I wasn't... like this," he murmured.
"I should know about the bear..." he said softly, brushing some hair out of her face. "I should know you... you should have felt okay talking to me when you were scared," he said quietly, leaning forward and pressing a small kiss to her forehead. "I look forward to knowing you more, little one," he whispered, retreating downstairs to make John some tea. Soon enough, he was carrying a cup into the bedroom, settling down next to John after handing it to him.
"Seems extremely old," John murmured, bumping Sherlock's shoulder back.
When John felt that Sherlock was open enough, he pulled away, grabbing the lube and slicking himself up as he positioned himself over Sherlock.
Sherlock ran his hand down John's chest, feeling his scar, his new ones...seeing his tags and the other tattoo. He ran his hands over all of them. "Mm-missed you too," he panted, grinding up against him with a moan, shivering a bit. He hugged his legs around John's middle tightly, then clung onto him with his arms.
Sherlock let out another sob, curling up tightly on the sofa. They were his...
"Well you know how none of them leave a note? This one did, will you come?" Lestrade asked.
Sherlock nodded, in haze and almost not understanding John when he spoke. He whined a little when John's hand moved away to touch over his face, and then his chest. He twisted his fingers with John’s and setting his cheek in John's palm, allowing him to run his nose along John's wrist, basking in his scent. He would have rolled over, but was a bit stuck where he was for the moment.
Sherlock was afraid to meet John's eyes, seeing the hurt there... that he'd put there. He swallowed thickly, taking a small breath. With John so close, it was almost impossible to not lean in and scent his neck, curling up there. He didn't though, stopping himself from doing so.
"Are you alright?" John asked quietly, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist and rolling them over. He carded his hand through Sherlock's hair, gently moving it away from his forehead only to have it flop back in place. His other hand moved down Sherlock's back, tracing his spine until it settled on the small of his back, the slight dip in his spinal column.
Sherlock hummed, leaning up into the kiss, his hands moving up under John's shirt and tugging it off as well. He unwound his legs from John more, pulling John down closer to him. His breathing was hitching slightly, and he let out a huff that was half a sob. "K-Katherine?" he asked breathlessly, wondering if the timing was okay for this.
John shook his head, turning back to Lestrade. "Thanks for coming down. I hope you nail those bastards and put the lot of them in jail permanently. Most of the Omegas I saw there were just kids, younger than him."
Sherlock opened his mouth in protest, not wanting John to leave, but he did. He looked down, settling back against his pillows, stroking down her soft cheek with one finger. Katherine's mouth was moving constantly, though it slowed as she drifted off, never stopping though. Sherlock smiled, thinking about what John said, not leaving until Sherlock was passed out from exhaustion, Kat in his arms. He smiled, drifting off, his arms still wrapped firmly around her.
John started a little when he heard the door open, and he quickly pushed away from the wall. "I... um, yeah," John said, scrubbing his face with his hands before he pulled back the curtain. "Katherine fall asleep again already?" he asked, trying to make it look like he was fine as he watched Sherlock undress, but he knew he was probably failing miserably.
"I wouldn't want to work with the police though," Sherlock said. "Though I know I could; after all, Mycroft helped his Omega get that far without more discrimination," he said.
Sherlock sighed, looking at John intently.
John looked up at Sherlock, a smile in his eyes now as well. "You think so?" He sighed happily, pushing back up into a sitting position. "And I don't think she's so simple. Give yourself some credit." He leaned across the small space separating them and kissed Sherlock's forehead, combing through his hair slowly.
John moved without thinking, tearing out from behind the rock and running to where he could see Granger bleeding out on the ground. He dove down beside him, tying a quick tourniquet to the femoral wound and wrapping his arm around him. "Help me out," John murmured, lifting the dead weight of his comrade and starting to half-drag him towards a rock.
John kissed Sherlock back firmly, making his intentions clear.
Katherine nodded, "Yes, Daddy told me..." she said, looking at John. "Told me abou' espressions," she said, her 't' absent from the end of her word. "Told me about," she then said, correcting herself with a small huff. "Being on the fence. That's a espression. And it means...between two choices."
He sat up, bringing his hand out from under his pillow to see the smooth glossy stone sitting in his palm, blue and green showing through the translucent stone. "Mexican Fire Opal." he said softly, forehead creased slightly.
"You need to stop putting strain on your stitches," he said, kissing him one last time before backing away. He grabbed his wallet and keys, shrugging on his jacket as he walked out of the door with one last, "Bye, Katty."
"Hey," John whispered, reaching forward to comb his fingers through Sherlock's hair, something the boy seemed to enjoy. "How are you feeling? Ready to go home?" he asked, reaching down for the Omega's hand. "That is, if you want to. I'm not going to force you to come with me, but I would like you to."
John smiled lightly, moving over to take Sherlock's hand. "Come on, then. Let's get our coats on and we can go." He knew Sherlock didn't really want to, that he was genuinely afraid, but he had to bring him. Sherlock needed to face this. It had been five years, after all. "You've got a lot to tell them," he said softly, helping Sherlock into his coat before tugging on his own.
John gave a helpless shrug. "I don't know. He never said. He just kept asking me if I was ready to talk, and I kept telling him to go fuck off. Sometimes I thought about saying that I was ready, and then just not speaking, but then I feared something worse than torture, so I just stayed quiet." He reached up, running the tip of his finger over Hamish's cheek.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand a little tighter.
Sherlock didn't exactly find the second kiss a complete surprise, though the intensity of it was. He blinked a couple times, looking at John. "I-I don't know," he said truthfully. He sighed, swallowing thickly.
John nipped at Sherlock's lips. "I know," he murmured, reaching for the lube again and coating himself. Slowly and gently, he guided Sherlock to straddle his hips, bending his knees up behind him to brace against Sherlock's back. He steadied Sherlock with a hand on his hip, the other running over his chest and stomach.
Sherlock winced a little, shifting on the bed. He swallowed thickly, letting out a breath.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, following John and leading him down the street. "I'm the idiot? Why? You could have just as easily stayed and done as you pleased," he said with a shrug. "You're curious though... admit it."
I'm so sorry again for just up and leaving. At least it wasn't for nothing, though. I ended up saving the Private's life. I hope Kat enjoyed the rest of her birthday. I hope it was better than the rest of mine. God, sorry. I don't mean to complain to you. I've only been here a month, but it feels like years already. I don't want to be here any longer. But I don't want to be moved or kicked out or anything like that, either, because I know I'm doing good here. I know I'm saving lives. I think about you all the time. And Katherine. But I would be lying, I think, if I said that it wasn't mostly you. I miss you, Sherlock. So badly. I need you here.
"I love you too," John replied, his hand slipping into Sherlock's hair, rubbing small circles over his scalp with the tips of his fingers. His other hand moved slowly over Sherlock's smooth back, feeling the bumps of his spine that weren't nearly as evident as they had been last time.
John nuzzled into Sherlock's neck, playfully nipping at one of his tendons. "We'll get to that eventually," he murmured, licking and kissing along Sherlock's pale skin. He pressed his hand against Sherlock's chest, lightly running his fingers over one of Sherlock's nipples. He gave a kiss to Sherlock's temple, twining their legs together as they waited for his knot to recede.
Mycroft reached out and took John’s hand, shaking it once. "I'll be in touch," he said, before leaving swiftly.
"Sherlock..." John raised his eyebrow pointedly, taking a large bite out of his sandwich and motioning for the Omega to do the same. He reached for his glass, swallowing down a large drink before continuing eating until half of his sandwich was gone.
John smiled back, pressing down on his knee until his leg was flat and hissing a little when the muscle and tendons pulled. He held the position for another twenty seconds before slowly relaxing and letting his leg down, walking over to the chest of drawers to start getting dressed.
John hummed, kissing Sherlock's shoulder. "Sorry, love," he murmured, looking up at him. "And I don't know who decided, but it's biology as well. Omegas just are like that. When they get into heat, their hormones mess with their minds, and they can't think clearly."
"God, I love you," John whispered, leaning up enough to cover Sherlock's lips with his own. "I love you so much." He rested their foreheads together, closing his eyes and biting his lip. "I'm coming back, okay? I am. I promise." He rolled them over quickly so that Sherlock was on top, enabling both of them to relax. He pulled the covers over them, rubbing his hands over Sherlock's shoulder blades. Sherlock hummed, resting his head on John's chest, listening to his heart.
Sherlock blinked a couple times. "Okay," he said flatly, staring at John's chest, though it was almost as if he was looking through him, eyes not focused. He let out a breath, shutting his eyes and blocking out the world, except for the sound of John's breaths, and Katherine's behind him.
His stomach clenched unpleasantly and his head was pounding. Groaning, he wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist and held onto him, mumbling incoherent things.
The crib was still disassembled downstairs, but Katherine's room was completely rearranged. Sherlock was curled up on Katherine's bed, having finally falling asleep, Katherine's bear tucked near his face. He hummed when he heard someone in the room, shifting slightly. He pulled his eyes open, blinking a few times to see John. He smiled, though it faltered when he saw the knife in his hand. "Wh-what's wrong?" he asked, sitting up quickly, having to stretch a little bit. "John?"
Sherlock saw the glances from other people in the hospital as they rushed in, able to smell that he was at the tail-end of his heat. As soon as he saw Harry and the children he quickened his pace. Harry saw them and nudged Katherine towards him. "Daddy! Papa!" She cried, running over to them. Sherlock intercepted her and picked her up, holding her as she practically clung onto him like a koala. He shifted her so she was on one hip and took Hamish, checking him over as the infant greeted him, unfazed by where they were.
"Hopefully you have time to write now," John said, tipping back the rest of his tea. "I need to sleep. The seven and a half hour flight and the three hour time difference is draining me." He stepped over to Sherlock, running his fingers through his curls. "You should shower to get that blood out and then come join me. You look like you're lacking on sleep."
John’s hand tightened into a fist on his knee under the table and he sipped off of his coffee. “Yeah…good. Good,” he said. “Just…getting situated. Back to…civilian life,” he said.
John scrubbed his face with his hands, wishing that Sherlock would have volunteered to cook, but he wouldn't complain. "Yeah, alright. And I wish I could have killed him," he muttered, standing up and stretching gingerly before making his way into the kitchen. He cooked methodically, staring hard at the pan and the food in it. He did his best not to dwell on what had happened. Over and done, and it could have been much, much worse. He walked over to the opposite cupboard, taking out the Irish Malt whiskey and pouring himself a hard shot before he put it away and went back to finish cooking.
John blinked once, looking at the other. “What do you mean?”
John sighed, giving Katherine up to Sherlock, though he didn't really want to let her go. He ate his food quickly, trying not to taste it, and then set his plate aside. "I don't suppose..." he trailed off as there was a knock on the door and Mrs Hudson walked in, answering his question. "Hello, Mrs H," he smiled, but the older woman wasn't paying attention to him. She was smiling softly at the pink bundle in Sherlock's arms.
"You look good...think more sleep might be in order, though likely you'll just tell me the same thing," he said, tilting the computer screen down and lifting up his shirt a little, showing his bump in real time as he turned to the side. "First trimester's up. I have an appointment in a little while to take that test." he said, turning the screen up again so they could see each other's face.
"And you can't remember it because you weren't focusing on your reading," Sherlock said, looking down, knowing he was the cause for John's distraction.
March 8
It wasn't until after John had sent the text that he looked back up at Sherlock again. "May I ask why I just sent that to the pink lady's phone?"
children." he said. "And you want me to do nothing. I can't just stand by like that..." he said, not pleased in the slightest.
When he was more alert, he walked over to the door of his room, trying to yank it open – locked. It didn't take him long to realise where he was, and what he'd no longer get.
"You look so concerned," John commented lightly. "It's a good look on you. Caring." He leant over against Sherlock's shoulder, spooning some noodles into his mouth. "Thank you for this," he said, finishing the broth and setting the mug and spoon on the nightstand.
Maybe... maybe sentiment wasn't bad.
“You can fuss about your ideals on just what the purpose of blood is based on the very limited view point of your human existence, or you can attempt to accept the fact that the blood of my kind is very different than that of yours, and just might prevent you from possibly dying of some disease in the next few days which I might add, in your condition is very likely," he said quickly. He wasn’t going to lie to the human.
I miss you lots and lots, and miss your hugs and stories. I have a picture for you that I made. It's you and your friends where you are, and you're making sand castles. Daddy says there is lots of sand where you are. I'm putting it in the letter, and Daddy says I can lick the stamps and put it in the post box. I love you Papa. -Katty
“You were attacked, mugged…or rather I should say someone attempted to mug you, as your wallet and its contents were still present in the alley,” he said, handing a glass of water to John, as well as a bottle of aspirin.
After John finished, Katherine paused, then also pressed a small kiss to Sherlock's shoulder like her Papa had done. "All better," she said, snuggling back down on the bed, and Sherlock could have sworn his heart melted, and for a minute he didn't even feel the pain in his side.
John stroked Sherlock's hair back from his forehead, kissing his skin gently. "I don't want you to suffer," he murmured, his lips skimming the Omega's forehead, "but I'm not going to force onto you something you don't want. If you want to spend your heat alone, that's fine, but I'll help you through it if you change your mind."
"You need to be here for at least today, I think. I'm not entirely sure; it's up to the doctor." John shrugged, running his fingertips along the inside of the Omega's wrist.
Sherlock nodded, "I'm fine for now. Lunch might be a better idea, if only to get Hamish inside sooner," he said quietly. "And I do...they don't expire for a little while yet." He looked over at Katherine, who was slowing he swing go go over to the slide.
John smiled, watching Katherine grin and squeal with delight. It still astounded him that she remembered; his earliest memories were from around three or four years old. Then again, she was more Sherlock's daughter than his own, so he guessed he shouldn't have been surprised.
John furrowed his brow, the thought not really having crossed his mind. "Alright, fine, calm down. We won't call him James, then. I don't want to call him Hamish though. It's an ugly name. I've always liked the name Miles, but, you know, personal preference." He shrugged, barely stifling a yawn.
He was walking through nearby park when he heard his name, almost not recognizing the voice. He turned and saw a familiar, yet slightly more rounded face come near him grinning ear to ear.
"Mm." Sherlock's quiet hum was his only response.
John looked up from his lap, glancing down the hall for a long moment before he rose to his feet. "Sherlock? May as well open up, there's no point in spending your heat in an uncomfortable place like the bathroom."
"Here, come on. They're being ridiculous." John stopped the wheelchair at the edge of the lobby, holding out his hand for Sherlock to take, helping him to his feet.
"Ahhh! Papa… noooo!" she said, swinging her arms and hitting his stomach lightly. "Put down!" she laughed, her face turning red. She popped back up as soon as she was on the sofa, wrapping her arms around John's middle, still laughing, though it was interrupted by a couple small coughs.
“Right…okay,” John said, his hand still on his side. “How could you know any of that?” he asked.
Sherlock tightened his hold on John's hand, lest he be tempted to try and get up to do the same.
He was on a plane within seven hours.
John let out a slow breath, nodding at Sherlock's statement. "Feel like taking a ride in a cab?" he asked quietly, still brushing his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "May as well get this done, right?" he murmured, though his gut clenched a little at the thought of seeing his family again.
Sherlock dozed for a little bit, stirring slightly when John's knot receded and he withdrew from him, Sherlock shifting to be at John's side, still cuddled close. It was about an hour or so later when he woke up, blinking his eyes open blearily and lifting his head to look at John. "Mm...was that my birthday present?" he asked, tracing a small scar lightly, smiling dazedly up at John.
it is used medicinally in many places," he said diplomatically with a shrug.
Sherlock leant a little away from the intruding finger with a smile. "Yeah well, give it another month or so... I'll be made up of much more," he murmured, almost a little self-consciously. John called him gorgeous when he'd been rail thin, and when he was lanky but a bit muscled. But soon, well... he sighed. "I need to get some of this lotion... read about it; I don't want to be covered with hideous marks," he said, touching his stomach.
Sherlock felt his stomach drop when Mindy mentioned his bondmark, her hand falling to rest on it. He swallowed, a lump forming in his throat. He knew that what he had done had almost destroyed John, but if he hadn't done it then it would have completely destroyed him. He let out a breath, looking down, his face warm with shame.
John grinned, kissing the scar on Sherlock's shoulder as his knot receded and he slipped out of Sherlock. "Go to bed, love," he murmured, knowing that he would be up sooner because of the inducer. "You and I could both use the rest," he said, banding his arm across Sherlock's chest and holding tightly to him as his scent wrapped him up and he drifted off to sleep.
Thankfully he was correct, and thankfully the toilet was the first thing there before he bent over it, his stomach flipping, and expelling its contents. He sat back when he was done, leaning against the cool porcelain of the tub, which felt nice against his flushed, somewhat damp skin.
"Jim! Your date is here!" Sebastian called, combing his fingers through John's hair, revelling in the tremble that coursed through the small doctor's frame. He smirked down at him for a moment, wondering what hell he was remembering from the desert that was making him shudder so much at this.
Sherlock had assumed that they were gone, because why else would he just rot there? He swallowed, shaking his head again.
"She's a mortician then... makes sense she'd have a lab at her disposal," Sherlock murmured. They pushed through a pair of doors and Sherlock blinked, seeing all the rows of freezers for bodies, and a partially covered body on a slab. He didn't see anyone in the room, though, but there were a few doors off to the side. Probably an office, and the lab.
His smile fell off of his face, and he could feel all of the colour draining from his skin. "No," he whispered, taking a step back into the flat, his eyes flickering over who had to be – but couldn't be – Sherlock. "Go away," he breathed, forcing it out as tears welled up in his eyes. "Get out of my house. You died, you're dead. You're not real, and I want you to leave."
Sherlock looked down when he saw his hand snagged up by John, blinking a few times but not stopping it. It was nice, if somewhat odd.
"Please don't," John whispered, his voice small. He wouldn't be able to handle Sherlock leaving him again, disappearing without a goodbye. It would kill him. He let go of a breath, closing his eyes and sinking down against the mattress. His body became heavy and before long, he was sleeping soundly.
John laughed, capturing Sherlock's lips with his own, melting into the taste of his mouth for a long time.
Sherlock.
Katherine smiled, moving out over to Papa's side of the bed, cuddling close to him. "I'm going to...lots and lots of pictures," She whispered, as if it was their secret, and not wanting to wake Sherlock up. "And...and you can ask me what to draw....and I'll colour them."
"Sir." Amelia's voice broke his motion, directing his attention to her. "We have company," she said quietly, and John followed her frozen gaze to the windshield, and the muzzle of the rifle being pointed at him.
The other Alpha didn't so much as blink.
"I'm sure she's gorgeous," John commented, though the talk only made him ache for his own daughter, whom he had a deeper attachment to than his son. He clung tightly to Sherlock's hand, running his thumb over his knuckles and dropping his gaze to the floor.
Sherlock nodded, waiting until John left with Hamish before dumping out the rest of his food. He didn't have an appetite, that much had been true. He let out a breath, then started to clean the kitchen. Once he was done, he made his way down the hall to the bedroom, smiling at a grinning Hamish, who squealed upon seeing him.
Sherlock smiled, sitting on the end of the table next to, rather than across from, John. "Well, there are other ways if you're still having trouble, I do still have some connections," he said quietly with a smirk. "You can bake it into food if you don't like to smoke," he said with a shrug, snatching up a spring roll and humming as he bit into it.
Sherlock sighed. "That would be highly ambitious of you," he said. "The only three times you've got me near one of those places I was either dying or unconscious and therefore not able to make a coherent decision," he said, settling onto John's lap. "I feel fine, stomach's just a bit..." he waved his hand non-committedly.  "Alright?"
Sherlock looked at John and shook his head. "You haven't eaten yet," he said steadily.
Sherlock shook his head. "No it hasn't, first one was a bit after noon, it's only just barely seven in the morning now but...twenty-four hours is the max cut-off, it's effectiveness drops even before that,” he muttered, still digging through the cabinet before slamming it shut. Where had he put them, where?! He thought for a moment, sitting on the toilet lid as he tried to remember.
“No, no I’m right here,” He said, nodding once. “What did you want to know?” he asked. Ella tapped her pen once, adjusting herself in her seat marginally.
"I'm making sure you're okay," John explained gently, tracing his fingers across Sherlock's cheekbone and down the line of his jaw. "I didn't want to have another nightmare and not be able to hear you."
“That’s not your job then?”
"No!" Katherine said stubbornly, turning around so she was closer to the wall corner where her bed was tucked. "No! No! Grape's icky too!" she said stubbornly.
John put his arms around Kat. "I'm just worried about him. I don't know if I can help him." He sighed lightly, kissing her forehead. "Do you want me to try?" When she nodded, John stood up, ushering her back towards her dolls and walking into the bedroom. He closed the door behind him, but didn't step any further inside. "Sherlock?" he whispered hesitantly.
“And just who the hell are you?” John asked quickly, defensiveness in his tone. He couldn’t help it really. He felt off, more than normal. Ever since that day in the desert he hadn’t felt in place, like everything had shifted and was wrong. Somehow being in this room didn’t feel that way entirely but still, that alone made him suspicious.
John just laughed, popping a piece of fruit in his mouth. "I'll do my best, though they're saying that after this test, I'm mostly just going to be doing hands-on. Apparently they think I'm ready for it. I'm doubting their confidence in me, but I'm not going to argue. Textbooks are the bane of my existence, I swear." He leant back on the couch, closing his eyes for a moment, just enjoying the serenity of the not-empty flat.
I'll see how my schedule goes this next semester but the good thing is for the first time in two years, I won't have summer classes. Which hopefully leaves lots of time for more editing.
John growled low in his chest at the mention of
Katherine nodded quickly, jumping off the bed after grabbing her Papa's hand. "French Toast!" she said, feet slapping the floor as she dashed down the hall towards the stairs.
After pinching the bridge of his nose between his thumb and index finger, John turned around and returned to the kitchen, taking up residence at the table again. "You need to work on your punch line," he murmured, turning to smile a little at Sherlock.
John moved back into the living room, walking over to stand near Sherlock. "You do smell different. Sweeter. Not much, but... it's there."
Katherine blinked a couple times, not expecting to win the argument; she never won. Well... almost never. She sniffed, getting distracted and moving over to her small table to colour.
John laughed, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck and inhaling his scent. "I like being here all the time," he said quietly, pressing kisses under Sherlock's jaw and grazing his teeth along the bone. "I go a little crazy without you," he murmured.
Sherlock's head felt light, his breaths uneven, pushing against John's. He was hit with John's scent, and that, combined with the pressure on his torso and sides, made his breathing start to slow. The panic started to ebb from his head and he rested his forehead against John's, matching his breaths with John's as he wound his arms more around his neck.
Sherlock groaned lightly at the tug, gladly kissing John's lips. He met John's gaze, pulling away a moment to look at him. "Please... n-need you... John,
John sighed and threw the plate, watching in slight satisfaction as it broke to pieces. He tilted his head, betting that if he angled the next one differently, he could get it to break more, could produce smaller splinters of white China. He picked up a stack of plates, throwing them at the wall in quick succession. Each one that shattered pulled like a gunshot, and with each plate that he released, he saw one of his comrades. Then the plates would shatter, his ears ringing with distant gunfire, and the face would disappear to be replaced by another.
Sherlock's chest was heaving still, working to steady his breaths. He swallowed thickly, holding still as John touched his face, lest he try to hurt him again. "I... I'm sorry I... lately I... well I've been grabbed while sleeping before," he said. "Put it off as much as I can," he said quietly.
Sherlock got out of the cab, picking up Hamish and carrying him inside. He undid the straps and peeled the infant out of his thick layers, holding him close to his chest, both arms wrapped around him. He was warm, but he wouldn't take off his coat, he'd have to put Hamish down to do that. He smiled weakly at Katherine after she bounded up the steps, and sat on the sofa, feeling a bit better when she climbed onto the sofa and curled next to him.
Sherlock paused a moment. "I'm not... I'm not good for John," he said finally. "I've only brought him trouble, and I can't promise there won't be more," he said quietly. "And now it's even worse, because it's not just him I'm going to put in trouble anymore," he said, looking down at his stomach. He wouldn't have said that to John, he knew that. Something about Mindy... god, where was John?
“Yes Katherine?”
John cupped Sherlock's cheek, kneeling down in front of him, steadying himself on Sherlock's knee. "Sherlock, please, listen to me," he said softly, smiling up at his mate. "It is not horrible that Hamish would be thirteen or fourteen months old. There are plenty of families that have four pups within four years, and then they're done. It's ridiculous." He gave another soft smile, cupping Sherlock's face between both of his palms. "And nothing is going to happen this time, right? I can hardly do anything, anyway, and you're stuck taking care of us all. We'll be okay."
The three year old nodded, taking off down the hall, her ebony curls bouncing as she did so. She dug out the kit from the big drawer in John’s desk and ran back to his room, tip toeing in and handing it to him. She looked at the man on the bed, blinking a few times, watching his face.
"I don't know." John shook his head. "Your brother, Mycroft, he said that he was going after them last night. I made him promise to make them suffer, but I don't know exactly what was done to them or where they are now." He parted his eyelids, looking over at Sherlock. "If they are there, I'll die before I let them touch you again."
It was nearly eleven when John woke up to an empty bed. "Sherlock?" he called, instantly awake at the absence of his mate and his scent. He reached over to his nightstand, grabbing for his knife before he swung over the side of the bed and started making his way through the flat. "Sherlock?" he whispered, glancing into the living room before taking off up the stairs. "Please, please be up here," he murmured to himself, climbing slowly and quietly, the adrenaline running through him helping him to ignore the slight pain in his legs. When he reached the top of the stairs, he took a deep breath, bracing himself before pushing open the door, knife held tightly in his hand.
He froze just inside of the door. The space smelled different; not like Sherlock. He took a step inside, closing the door behind him as he looked around. Almost nothing had changed, really, except the smell.
, and keeping him from falling off.
John made a noncommittal noise, pushing up onto his elbows. "I could probably handle soup," he said, smiling slightly and reaching out to brush through Sherlock's hair. "Not going to burn it this time, are you?" he teased, leaning over and kissing the mark on the back of his neck, having to push down his shirt a little to reach it.
John sucked in a sharp hissing breath when he was led inside, his body immediately working itself into wracking shivers. "F-fucking h-he-ell," he stammered, standing under the water, unable to do much with how tight his muscles were. He threw up again, nearly falling over from it.
"We should cook like this more often," John suggested, kissing Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock heard John's tone and sat bolt upright, John talking about the kids and how he'd missed them, he was right. He was nesting earlier that day, of course he missed them. John's words now on the phone though set his senses alight and he was already in a panic, following suit and pulling on clothes. "John? John what's wrong? Where are they? Where is Hamish and Katherine? Your mother? John!" he said, impatient, panicked.
John blinked rapidly a few times, not liking the reminder of what he had almost done. His grip slackened for a moment as he was suddenly back on that rooftop, so close and wanting to jump. He shook his head, pulling back to the present and tightening his hold on Sherlock once more.
"Best if we go to the hospital," John replied smoothly, making his tone one not to be argued with. It was one of finality. "And you technically don't
The Beta that had led John over growled in annoyance. “Got other things to do, hurry along for the man!” he said shortly, taking up Sherlock’s leash and yanking it. Sherlock pitched forward and fell onto his chest on the floor, wincing at the pain in his side, his head spinning. He didn’t move, eyes closing again as he lost consciousness.
"I pick-pocket everyone," Sherlock murmured. "And you needed sleep." He sighed, sitting up. "I'll go get them," he said, sliding off of the bed and moving out to get John's coat. He fished out a bottle of pills, quickly walking back to the bedroom and tossing them to John.
"It wasn't obvious to me," John murmured, sighing when Sherlock traced a line on his jumper. "Nothing you do is obvious to me, and I like it that way."
"Harry, come help me make some tea. I don't know where you keep everything." John squeezed Sherlock's hand before letting go, gesturing for Harry to follow as he walked into the kitchen.
Sherlock writhed as John's attentions moved down his body. The longer John did this the more desperate he was starting to get.
John hummed, pleased with himself, and moved to take just the head of Sherlock between his lips, swirling his tongue teasingly around the glans. "Beautiful," he repeated, pulling off so that he could kiss down Sherlock's length, uncapping the bottle and coating his fingers in the lube.
John explained the situation as best as he could, not knowing all of the details but knowing enough. "Look, I think his stomach lining has a hole in it. His vomit has been laced with blood. He needs a doctor, now."
Sherlock sighed, relaxing much more when John curled up behind him. He smiled, leaning back into John. "Hullo," he murmured, rubbing John's wrist and hand that was resting on his stomach. "Mmlove you."
By the time three twenty rolled around, all John wanted to do was curl up in a little ball and sleep. Instead, he caught a cab to the courthouse, arguing and glaring at everyone who questioned his decision, until finally it was approved. Then, finally, he rode a cab back to the flat.
"E-erm... bathroom..." Sherlock said, stomach flipping even more and he dashed up the stairs, able to find the toilet easy. He gulped down air, feeling like he was going to be sick, but it wasn't happening yet.
John pulled back when he felt Sherlock shiver, looking down worriedly at him. "Are you alright?" he asked, concerned. "I'm sorry, I'm going too fast, I just..." He sighed, rolling off of Sherlock and staring up at the ceiling again.
Sherlock looked down. People liked birthdays, though. His family never put much stock in them, they were just days, marked with a card. His nanny had made him and Mycroft small cakes, though. That was another thing at school though, kids talking about their birthdays, parents sending cupcakes to class. And then even adults did it. His nineteenth birthday they'd insisted he go out, and John had made his special.
"Here," John offered, taking Katherine from him with only a slight protest from Sherlock. "We'll take turns eating. You first." He motioned at Sherlock's plate with raised eyebrows when he didn't listen right away. "I'll eat too, don't worry. But like the nurse said, you're still feeding her. You need to eat." He bounced Katherine a little when she made a small fuss, waving that arm around again. John sighed lightly, smiling and letting her grab onto his finger again, not bothering tucking her arm back in right away.
Sherlock got up, his head a little light having hit the pavement, and moved down and out of the alley. He stopped when he saw John, moving quickly then and practically shoving him back into the car and climbing in himself. As soon as the car pulled away he ran his hands over John frantically, three kicked in ribs, not broken, but severely bruised, a black eye and a bruised jaw, most likely concussed, but... not shot. Not dying. He let out a relieved huff, wrapping his arms around him, breathing in his scent as he shook.
Sherlock climbed out of the car and grabbed a couple more bags, walking over to the cabin and stepping inside of it, dropping the bags down in the entry and looking around. It was a bit dark, but it was nice. Wood wall, large stone fireplace. He looked back at John and wrapped his arms tightly around John. "I love it," he said, kissing him gently.
John smirked, setting his hands on Katherine's sides and steadying her. "Come on, sweetie, you can do it," he murmured, grinning as she took a step forward. "There you go," he encouraged, smiling up at Sherlock. "Come on, Katty, you got this." She took another couple of steps, and John loosened his hold until his hands weren't there and she was going on her own.
Sherlock smiled a small bit, looking back at the book. "It's no trouble," he murmured, not even bothering to correct John on saying he was more important than his education and future. Sherlock already knew that he wouldn't be in it soon enough.
This had become a rather common occurrence in Sherlock’s life the last several months, one that at times could be a nuisance but Sherlock found it rather…endearing. Quite a new feeling for him as he found most humans to be tedious and dull, however Johnathan was… incandescent.
"For this... all of this," Sherlock said, "I'm sorry..." He sobbed, not able to form words anymore. He slumped back against John, turning his head in and leaning against him. He fell silent after that, still trembling, silent tears coming from his still closed eyes.
He heard his price climb steadily, though it eventually tapered out, slowing down.
Sherlock soothed Katherine gently for several more minutes until she settled again. "You want me to get your bear? I'll just be in the living room for one minute okay? Can you watch Hamish?" he asked. She nodded a little, sniffling and sucking on her thumb again, something she'd stopped doing while he was 'dead' according to John. He kissed her forehead, heading into the living room and picking up her bear. He also popped into the kitchen to grab a lolly from the top of the fridge. He stepped back into his room, closing the doors to make her feel more secure. He unwrapped the sweet and offered it out, "There we go, for the brave girl yes?" he said. She took it, glancing over at John's side of the bed, Sherlock let out a breath. He plucked Hamish out of his crib and grabbed a pacifier for him, sitting down and facing Katherine, who was under the blankets and leaning against his pillow. "Your Papa's gone to go take care of the bad man. He's going to be back soon," he said, wishing he felt as certain as he hoped he sounded.
"Let me know when you have her contact information," John murmured, his voice slightly muffled by his palms. He pushed away from the table, mumbling something about the bathroom as he made his way through the cafe.
John moved into the bathroom, taking out the sleeping pills that he had written himself a prescription for. He'd been taking them for a while now, even though they didn't seem to be helping. He downed two of them in the bathroom, then walked into the bedroom, stripping down and pulling on some pyjamas. He crawled under the covers, passing out as soon as his head hit the pillow.
She let out a loud wail, but as soon as John put his finger in her hand and Sherlock soothed her a little with bouncing and soft words, she settled down.
Sherlock bit his lip a little, eyes closing a little. "Y-yes sir..." he breathed with a smirk, the corner of his mouth quirking up. He rolled his hips up again, wetting his lips as he looked at John, almost in challenge, wearing nothing now but John's tags.
"Daddy...you're warm." she said, hugging him again. "I'm sorry you're sick on your birthday," she said quietly.
"J-John…" Sherlock said, his head swimming a bit. He stumbled a little, the driver getting out and directing him into the back seat, telling a passer-by that he'd drank too much. Sherlock fell onto the floor of the cab, trying to get up. "John!" he slurred, voice thick before he collapsed, blacking out.
Katherine hummed, then nodded gently. "Mhm..." she hummed softly, resting her hand on his arm, finger tracing the long line there. "Papa...got a bit cut...no more knife throwing," She said, tutting a little, it was something she'd picked up from Gran Hudson. "When you coming home?" she asked, tilting her head up slightly to look at him.
Sherlock was breathing a bit heavily, wincing a little. He looked at John as he crossed the room, shaking his head a little. "I can't... this means something, John; it's important!" he said, trying to pull away a little, trying to think. What was the significance of 5:30? What was it? It had to be something. He swallowed, his mouth a bit dry.
"You went for a week," Sherlock said with the corner of his mouth tugging up a fraction.
March 19
A hand fisted in his hair and pulled his head up, but he was too weak to even look the other man in the eyes. "Will you talk now?" the auburn-haired man asked. This was the third time he had asked. John shook his head. "Fuck off," he grunted, not even knowing the question that he was supposed to be answering, but damned if he was going to talk to someone who had just spent two weeks torturing him. John's hair was released and his head dropped back to his chest again.
Uhm... warning of plenty of angst... o.o
"Have go potty!" she said quickly in a hushed voice, dashing down the hall.
Sherlock snuggled up close to John, nodding when he said that. "Yes, very serious," he teased quietly. "I'll wake you, don't worry, now go to sleep," he murmured. He wasn't sure what all he could think through. He'd solved it, stopped the bomb. He didn't have anything else to go on.
Sherlock sighed, pushing himself to sit up more. He looked down at himself, then sighed, rolling off the bed slowly.
"No," John said, curling up on his side. "I want you. And only you." He sucked in a deep breath, holding his arms tightly around his stomach. "But I don't want this. I don't want to constantly be reminded of the two years you were gone. I don't want to be reminded of what I did, or what you did, or think about what could have happened." He bit he lip, blinking to clear his eyes of the tears.
"He'll be a bit out of it for a while; got him on some sedatives and painkillers – apparently the nurses said he's one of the anxiety types. I don't blame him, poor kid."
John let his eyes close while Sherlock held him, relaxing against him for the time being. When Sherlock stood, he watched him fix the tags and then leave, wondering what he was up to until he heard the kettle running. He ducked his head down, rubbing his hands over his face and breathing slowly. "Could you bring me a mug?" he called into the kitchen, fairly certain Sherlock had figured out what he put in his tea by now anyway.
Sherlock let out a breath when John got up, padding down to the kitchen to get John more water and to refresh the cloth. He moved back into the bedroom, waiting for him. "When you're ready... I want you to drink this. You have to rehydrate."
“How the hell are you here?” John demanded. Sherlock smirked in response.
John pulled back, crawling down Sherlock's body until he was hovering between his thighs, acting mostly on instinct. "Let's just take the edge off," he breathed before taking Sherlock into his mouth.
John stirred after a couple hours, tightening his hold on Sherlock as he blinked his eyes open. "Hey," he whispered, nuzzling against his shoulder. He looked down by their feet, smiling a little at Katherine before looking back up at Sherlock. "How's your side?"
John hummed, rubbing his hand over Sherlock's arm. "Good different, I hope," he said, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair, kissing his way down to his temple and nuzzling there.
John nodded, putting on a sad face for Kat so that she knew that he felt bad for her. "Yes, it does, baby. I'm sorry. Hopefully it'll pass by tomorrow, and if not, I'm sure it'll be over in a couple days," he assured her, leaning down to kiss the top of her head. He looked up at Sherlock, frowning a little at how tense he had gotten so quickly, how his hand was braced over Hamish's chest. "But you'll have fun at your Gran's, I'm sure of it," he said to Katherine with a bit of a smile. "She might even take you to the cinema, if you're lucky."
Sherlock knelt down in the grass beside John, wrapping his arms around him, wanting to comfort him as much as he could.
Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes a little. If this was his only chance to even be near someone then... he supposed he should take it.
John didn't reply, not wanting to get upset again or to upset Sherlock. He simply held Sherlock closer, tucking his head under his chin, and rocked him slowly. He didn't care about firsts--he wanted to be here for everything, for Sherlock. He would miss the entire pregnancy and all that it brought, and he would miss the birth. That was what he cared about.
John slammed into Sherlock, his knot filling rapidly as he came hard, Sherlock's muscles tightening around him to hold him in place. "God, fuck," he gasped, resting his forehead against Sherlock's shoulder and panting as he continued to roll his hips, gently stimulating Sherlock's prostate until he knew it would be too much. He then wrapped his arms around Sherlock and flipped them so that he was on his back and Sherlock was settled on top.
John nodded slowly, holding Sherlock's gaze. His eyes looked more silver this morning than the blue-green John knew them to be. The inner ring of yellow shone more of a golden bronze in the heavy morning light.
"Thank you," John whispered, squeezing her hand as she made to leave. As soon as she was gone, he combed through Sherlock's hair and cupped his cheek, gently stirring him awake with his hands and his voice.
Sherlock let out a breath, squeezing John's hand lightly. "You left in February, John," he murmured. "It's only been ten months, but that's ten months too many." He pushed John from the lift and out of the hospital. There was a car waiting for them, Mycroft, and he helped John in, settling next to him. He looked over at John, then leaned against him a bit. "He's been a bit generous lately, it's weird, he spends so much time at home and with me. I think he wanted the practice. "Greg's due around the 30th. Elizabeth Victoria Lestrade-Holmes. Isn't that just a mouthful, and I thought my name was long." he said with a smile, he didn't think he'd actually told John his full name.
"I still like Watson," Sherlock murmured, thinking quietly to himself. "She's yours too, and I am," he said, looking up at John. "I want people to know it... and it's not like she'll have a mark," he said quietly. He liked the name, though, not sure what John had against the hyphenated one, but he wasn't going to argue. He sighed, resting his eyes a little.
"We get Papa here, all to ourselves," he said in a slightly higher voice, talking to the infant.
Sherlock set down the presents, including the second one he'd gotten John – a new jumper. Sherlock thought it was particularly heinous, so that logically meant John would love it, and Sherlock would love it as soon as it was on him. He took the glass, leaning his head back to steal up John's lips and kiss him more. "Happy Christmas Eve," he said, sipping off of the wine. He sighed, looking at the mountain of biscuits. "Might as well get started I suppose," he sighed, smiling at John.
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t have to apologise, John.” He settled Hamish between the space between his and John’s thighs. “We can call in a little while if you want, check in,” he murmured quietly, tilting his head up to look at John.
Sherlock nodded. That was good, John counted her. Sherlock relied on that. Because if it came down to that option with Moriarty... he didn't want John to do anything stupid that would make Harry and Clara necessary as Godparents. He would come back if he did, he promised this silently to both of them.
After a bit of back and forth, trips to the loo for Katherine and to the kitchen to make popcorn, they all settled down to set the movie up. There was a news report on the telly about a robbery that resulted in murder as they were switching over to the DVD and Sherlock realized just how long it had been since he’d had a case. He missed it of course, but he wouldn’t trade any of the time with his family together for a case, not at all.
John laughed at the comment. "I'm glad to see you awake. And of course I'm still here." He leant forward, cradling Sherlock's hand between both of his.
"We can come back tomorrow Katty girl, I promise, but Papa needs sleep so he can get better and come home sooner," he said, looking back at Dr. Chase. "Speaking of which, what's the estimate for when you want him home, and when is it possible for me to have him home, assuming of course that he is on bed rest, meds, and with a home visit from a doctor, either you or otherwise because I assure you, I can afford that."
John smiled lazily, still basking in the high of his orgasm. "Christ Sherlock," he panted, gaining a little more control of his voice now. "You always make me happy, you wonderful person." He pulled Sherlock up a little again and sunk down, meeting him halfway for a long, drawn-out and somewhat sloppy kiss. "Thank you."
Sherlock then tore what remained of the man’s bloodied shirt from his torso, wiping down his side, now free from any wound, nor sign that it had been there. His eyes moved up the slight frame, and started to read the man. Slightly under weight, not eating, his eyes had had bags beneath them, though those would likely disappear once the blood worked its way through the man’s system.
Sherlock shook his head again, almost feeling sick. Someone who was at the wreck, or at the hospital. He looked at John, at the bandage on his arm. "They blew a hole in the building John," he said, eyeing the watch that John put on. He swallowed thickly. "Next time they might just put a hole in something more important..." he breathed.
"Stop," he commanded. "Stop apologising. Stop bringing it up, alright?" He didn't want to admit it, but every time he thought he had forgotten about it, Sherlock seemed to mention it again and it was like a hot poker getting stabbed through his ribs. "It's done, it happened, but now you're back. So
Sherlock lowered his eyes when John changed, looking around the room as he stood in the doorway. This was John's room; he didn't want to put him out. Though, it was a large bed, and John had left one side open.
John let out a breath, sipping his tea when it was still scalding. "I hope nothing happened to him that Katherine didn't see," he murmured, reaching out his had to take one of Hamish's hands between his fingers. He sighed a little, taking another sip and humming to himself. "I know you can see that they're gone," he said quietly, referring to his tags. "So why don't you ask about it? I know you notice a lot more than you mention. Why?"
John finally ran out of words, his head resting on Sherlock's shoulder, his eyes looking anywhere but at Harry or his mum.
"Sherlock?" John ran his fingers down the Omega's back, tracing his spine. "Is it possible that you could be going through a... a minor heat?" He wasn't sure if that was even a thing. Nothing like this had ever happened, and he was flying blind in how to help Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at John the whole time, trembling more than he liked, forcing his breaths to somewhat match John's. After another contraction he felt Maria's hand on his leg. "Alright Sherlock, on the next one, I need to you push alright?" she asked, looking at him. Sherlock clenched his jaw, nodding a little.
John walked over to the pup, picking her up and rocking her gently, bouncing a little. She quieted down again, and John walked around, smiling down at her as she clutched his finger in her tiny fist, trying to fling it around. "See? Told you Daddy would be fine," he murmured, more to himself than anything. He paced the room slowly, watching her eyes darting around, her feet kicking every so often, but for the most part, she was still. "You're ridiculously adorable. A bit like your dad, to be honest. Nothing like me, thankfully," he teased, smiling, and leant down to bump noses with her, waiting for Sherlock to wake up.
Sherlock sighed, nodding a little. "Alright..." he murmured. "You want them, though... don't you?" he asked, looking at him steadily. "Would it make you happier?" he asked, biting his lip a little. He didn't want John so upset, and haunted anymore. He knew it had only been a handful of days, but it almost hurt Sherlock in a way he couldn't understand seeing John like that.
Soon enough they were at the café, and Sherlock led John into it, seating them in a more private booth, sitting next to John though, rather than across from him.
Sherlock bit down on his lip, not realising that half the noises he could hardly register were in fact coming from him. He felt John's hand close around his length, and cried out as he came, John's touch being the final straw atop his precise thrusts. He felt like he left his body almost, weightless and floating.
John didn't bother lying, just went right into it. "I let you tinker with them, see what it is that's wrong with them. See what's causing me to..." he gestured around the flat, trying to incorporate everything that had been happening. "But you let me keep taking them until you figure out what it is," he said evenly, expecting an argument.
"Don't throw up on me, I haven't got a change of clothes," John teased as he quickly pushed his way inside, calling for help once he was in the lobby.
"About four and a half hours ago." he murmured, looking at the clock as well. "They should be here soon enough I think; she gets out at four." he said. It was nearly four thirty. He sighed, settling on the edge of John's bed again, watching him hold and feed their son. "God...that's so beautiful."
March 9
Katherine sniffled again, curling up in her Papa's arms, staying quiet. Sherlock stirred finally, pulling open his eyes and tilting his head up, realizing he was on the kitchen floor. He shifted, sitting up and looking over at John holding Katherine. He swallowed, wrapping his arms around himself. "When?" he asked, "and how long?" he said something about finishing his tour, they'd said two years, and he'd been gone nearly one. So one year, right?
Sherlock hummed, allowing himself to be pulled up into John's lap. He settled close against him with a sigh, nodding silently. "I know...I know it will," he murmured quietly with a small sigh. He closed his eyes, resting against him. "I will miss you, but it will be okay, you'll come back," he murmured softly. "You will..." he said again. He already felt exhausted, even though they hadn't really done anything all day. Tomorrow they would go look at schools for Katherine, but for now, he would nap, which he did, leaning up against John.
Sherlock's thoughts were sluggish, and not even the nice kind like before, when he'd had it. He shifted on the bed a little, the familiar smell of hospital filling his nostrils, as well as... he froze, breath catching a little before he dragged his eyes open slowly, seeing the impossible again.
attention," he said.
"Thank you," John whispered, his throat constricting at the thought of his family. He was afraid of what Mycroft would find, afraid he would find them dead or worse. And what would happen if they were found? What would he do? His flat wasn't big enough for any more people, and though he had money, he wasn't rich.
Sherlock blinked slowly a few times, still staring at his hand. He furrowed his brow, gaze lowering to the floor to see a couple small droplets. He felt numb and terrified all at once. He looked up when he heard his name, looking at John with wide eyes, not knowing what he should do, what was happening. He winced when he got another cramp, a whimper rising from him. "Wh-what did I do?" he asked in a small voice, sinking down off of the tub to the floor, curling up.
One month today. Still not a word. Katherine's gone quiet, doesn't really talk to me. I'm trying, John really I am, I don't know what's wrong with me. I put on a mask, smile with her, ask her how her school went, what she did that day...but god if she isn't your daughter. She can see right though it. I don't want her to, I don't want her to be sad. Hamish is good, still so quiet, but he fusses sometimes in the middle of the night. I don't sleep much anyway so it's not really a problem.
Sherlock peeled off his bandages, his wrists a sickly yellow colour where they weren't scabbed over. He also carefully pulled off the dressing around his incision. It looked smaller than he thought, only three small stitches holding it shut.
of what he does?" He made a face, shaking his head and gently nudging Sherlock off of his lap, needing to move. He paced in circles around the room, stuffing his hand in his hair and clenching his fist for a moment before he let go with a sharp huff, pacing over to the window and glaring at the sky as if it had personally offended him.
Katherine blinked slowly, humming a little. "Mhm...dwaw new t'ings." she mumbled quietly, trying to keep her eyes open. "T'mowow...gonna go park? 'nd look at....ss...schools," she said, humming again as her eyelids drooped shut finally, leaning against her Papa and breathing steadily.
"I can't smell you," Sherlock said quietly, a small tone of regret in his voice. He wanted that feeling of comfort that he hadn't felt in what seemed like a lifetime, but what if he never got that back? What if it wasn't the same even when he could know John's scent again?
Sherlock was tracing equations on John's chest with his fingers as he started to fall asleep, and he looked up at him. "And I, you, John," he said quietly, watching as John's face slackened. He let out a breath, not feeling the least bit tired. He held still, watching John, his every feature.
Sherlock cried out a little at the pain, but his body went limp instinctively and that's what he needed. His muscles unknotted, relaxing a bit and his breaths started to come easier. It didn't stop the trembling, Sherlock doubted anything would but time. He swallowed, taking a moment to catch his breath before turning, wrapping his arms around John, and then doing the same with his legs. "I know....mmlove you...always, my John....always." he said.
He sat on the bed, quickly remembering and moving into the wardrobe, reaching into the back and finding the Santa hat he'd got, settling it on his head, already flushing a bit.
"Yours." The Omega echoed softly, letting out a breath. He felt as John fell asleep, listening to his slowed breathing. He himself didn't sleep, as exhausted as he was, he couldn't take his eyes off of John, reaching out and stroking his face gently from time to time. He was still awake when John's alarm went off in the early morning, and he watched as John woke, the worried, pinched expression working it's way back onto the Alpha's features.
John reached for the soap, slowly starting to rub it over Sherlock's chest and abdomen, down his legs and then back up to his shoulders.
Katherine stretched out on her back, shoving three fingers into her mouth and sucking on them lightly as she continued to sleep, undisturbed by being lifted.
Despite John's distaste of the elder Holmes brother, he felt a bit of pity towards him. He had lost his parents in that crash too, and loss like that affects someone deeply.
John picked up his phone and sat down on the bed, quickly calling Harry and learning that their mother had gotten out of recovery for surgery already. She was awake, but tired. Being a doctor, he knew that she should rest, so he asked for Harry to hand the phone over and spent five minutes talking to his mum, expertly keeping the tears out of his voice.
"You have a cold," John pointed out with a sigh. "I'm not taking you outside until you're better. Especially if..." he leant back, looking at Sherlock intently. "You didn't take the pills, did you?" he asked, hoping that he hadn't, hoping that they would know within a week or two.
Sherlock sighed gently, then nodded. "I know...I'm not...I..I'll try not to." he murmured quietly. He looked at him, resting his forehead against John's. "I want to know...I already want to know if something's there...I hate waiting." he said quietly.
John nodded, looking back over his shoulder once as he got back into the cab that was still waiting for them. Sherlock must have asked the driver to wait, because John had quite forgotten. "You've got to be hungry by now," he said, climbing back into the cab after Sherlock, letting him tell the cabbie where to go.
"Sherlock, you and I both know it's so much more than that." John leant against the counter, his hands in his pockets. "You haven't gotten to say goodbye yet, and I know you probably want to say sorry. It's... it's therapy. And you made me go through therapy, and it helped as much as it could." He sighed, looking down at the floor for a moment. "I think you need to go."
"'m not hungry," John murmured again, holding an arm across his stomach. He knew he was worrying himself sick over something that he couldn't control, but it seemed out of his hands.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, holding him in place and nuzzling against his neck, inhaling his scent deeply. "I know you will. And I'll be back, I promise." His grip tightened around Sherlock, his hands closing into fists on his shirt. "I'll come home," he whispered, his voice muffled by Sherlock's shoulder.
John reached out, resting his fingers on Sherlock's forehead to take his temperature. "God, you're burning up. What the hell were they doing to you?" he murmured, mostly to himself. "I need to get you to a hospital. Something else is wrong if your stomach can't even handle some milk."
Snow started to drift down from the sky, and John heard a noise. A moment later there was a loud bang, a shot ringing out and John was on his back, pain having torn through his shoulder and radiating throughout his body. He looked up, seeing the snow fall down on top of him, hearing the shouts of his name once more as his eyes closed.
John laughed, leaning up to kiss Sherlock gently before he pushed to his feet and held out his hand for Sherlock. "We're going to need a bigger place, anyway. Hamish and Kat won't share a room once they're both preteen," he said with a smile. "Harry and I couldn't stand to hardly be near each other at that time."
John nodded, not wanting to let Sherlock go, but he knew he would return. He loosened his hold, closing his eyes and placing his hand over the bandage on his stomach as Sherlock got out of bed. He wasn't sure how badly he had torn the stitches, but he didn't want Sherlock to worry about him so much.
Sherlock took a plate and sat across from John, glancing up at him before back down at his plate, taking a forkful of the pasta and putting it in his mouth. "Decided then," he murmured. "I'm not cooking for you... do well enough on your own. I burn soup," he said, taking another bite, appetite striking again as his stomach healed.
Katherine frowned a little. "Okay," she said, not wanting more medicine ever. She sighed, finishing off her plate and sliding off of her chair, face sticky with the sauce from her dinner. "Can play now?" she asked.
They got to Bart's soon enough, and Sherlock got John in to see someone right away, though, because they weren't bondmates, they made Sherlock wait in a waiting room.
John made a small noise, leaning up to look at Sherlock directly, his fingers still resting on the crook of his arms. "Sorry," he murmured, ducking his head down for a moment. "I wasn't really thinking."
There was a moment of silence as he drank down the entire glass of water, setting it aside. He still didn’t feel entirely awake, but as he became more alert he finally started to remember the alley and his hand quickly moved to his side again. His shirt was gone, and his side…completely smooth. “What?” he breathed, brows knitted together in confusion.
Sherlock glanced up at Harry, shifting slightly before letting out a breath, one of John's hands resting on the bruise on his right hip.
John chuckled, pushing himself to his feet with a small groan and rubbing his eyes. "Please, I'm training to be a doctor. I can keep going for at least another ten hours if I had to." John winked at Sherlock, going to put his plate in the kitchen.
"Leaving?" Mindy asked, walking up and pulling Sherlock into a hug, then giving a long, tight one to her son.
John shook his head, though he continued to smile at Sherlock. "I don't want to see her. I mean, I do, but... I don't want to spend an hour with her and then have to tell her..." he cleared his throat and looked down at the table, "well, you know."
"Well, I was in there a while. I suppose it is possible some new regulations came out or something..." Sherlock mumbled. He swallowed, a bit of fear bubbling under the surface of his calm that he worked to keep as a front.
Sherlock nodded, setting the plate down.
"Alright," Sherlock said softly. "I want... I want to do it right, give it the best chance that I can," he said quietly. "After everything I did to my body, and everything that happened to it before... I don't want to take the chance by not taking one small pill a day," he said.
It had been a little while anyway, he could use a wash, and Katherine would sleep for at least an hour and a half. He let himself in.
"They... did what they wanted," Sherlock said nonchalantly. "Was... in car accident, s'not so bad, but at hospital. Never liked 'em, but… was fifteen, 'nly had one heat... 'nd they took me from there," he said, swallowing again. "Been there... three years, I think... ‘m eighteen, nineteen if s'past January. Dunno," he said with a small shrug.
Katherine fidgeted a little, looking down at the cube in her lap. "No... I think... going to get dressed now," she said, sliding off the chair and leaving the cube on the table before dashing upstairs to throw on god knew what kind of outfit.
"It's alright, you're alright. It was only a nightmare, none of it was real," John told Sherlock reassuringly, lowering his hands back down to his sides and timidly approaching the bed. "Are you alright?" he asked quietly, hesitating on reaching out to comfort the boy.
Sherlock felt his heart seize up in his chest, his stomach dropping. "No," he said, swallowing. "No they can't...they can't!" he said, clinging onto John tighter. "I won't let them...Mycroft, he will fix this." he said. "Make it so that they can't pull you. He can do this; I promise please...we'll fix this."
"Okay, Papa," Katherine said, following along with John into the kitchen, oblivious to the silent conversation.
Katherine blinked a few times, sniffling. "All bad guys gone?" she asked, "Staying?"
"I know Katherine, it's alright. We just have to always be careful about such things."
"Last half of yesterday, all night, and then it's about nine in the morning now," Sherlock said. "Might have overestimated the dosage, but it's not an entirely horrible amount. Not too deep that you didn't still wrap your arms around me last night," he said with an affectionate look. "How'd you sleep? You might want to eat something by the way," he said.
“Yes. The actions of those we detained were illegal among our kind, had been for three years. As I understand such raids are common now and it’s someone’s job to find humans in the situation you were in,” Sherlock explained.
He’d just turned thirty-six, and he would stay thirty-six forever now it seemed. It wasn't something he thought about often, though each time his brother insisted on associating with him, reminded him of it, for it had been his brother who had killed him.
Things had started out as fairly dull really. They’d started on basic training, weapons, protocol, all of it. John had worked himself up, and found everything rather easy. After learning all the precise movements and nuances to working with the human body, surgery and the like, sutures on small blood vessels, putting a gun together and shooting it was easy.
Just the thought of not being alone during that time was nice, but not if it was one of them. They never did that during his heat though – liked to hear the Omegas beg for it, but never once laid a finger on them during that time; it was torture.
John choked on a small sob, pushing it down so that he could talk. "You had enough to worry about. Too much to worry about. Taking care of Kat, being pregnant, and taking care of both of them when this one comes. I didn't want you worrying about me as well, when I can worry about myself just as well." He took a step forward but paused, not sure if Sherlock wanted his comfort or not.
John turned around, his arms crossed over his chest. "Well he's not getting you. You're
Sherlock set the plate aside on the counter, shrugging a little. "Not much of an appetite today," he said quietly, lifting the corner of his mouth slightly. He hummed, leaning his head away from John as he pressed his lips to his neck. "You'd go mother hen anyway," he muttered, leaning away a bit to look at John. "Besides, we're also going out and getting cake apparently, so I'll be eating more later."
John looked away, pulling on his track pants and walking over to the bed. He let his fingers slide down Sherlock's arm as he passed, letting him know that he wasn't avoiding him. He laid down on his side, curling up into a ball.
Sherlock swallowed thickly, letting out a shaky breath when John said what was wrong with him. He wet his lips, fingers still on his screen. "I p-promise." he said, choking up a bit again. His forehead creased a little, "John...what did they do to you?" he asked quietly, thinking in the back of his mind that Kat's birthday was still almost five months away.
Mrs. Hudson comes up and helps...your mum....I feel like she sees something wrong with me, I don't like how she looks at me. She always knows, and I hate it. I hate everything almost, but most of all I hate myself...because sometimes I hate him. And I don't want that. Please  John....just a word, please.
John hummed, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's waist to hold him against him. "You're alright," he promised. "I've got you. Always." He smiled over at Sherlock, nuzzling at his jaw.
Sherlock let out a breath, waving gently at Katherine, who was smiling at them and holding onto Mindy's hand. He swallowed, climbing into the car and watching the house pull away. "She'll be fine," he told himself. "Perfectly okay... everything's good," he said, his fingers twisting together a little. Truth was... maybe he was nervous. He hadn't been alone with John since he came back. His heats didn't count, he wasn't him all the way, and the focus was what was happening now... not what had happened before.
"Mmfine," Sherlock mumbled, moving his hand so he could stroke Hamish's cheek a little. The infant's face wrinkled a little, before smoothing out again, his sleep uninterrupted. He smiled a little, looking at his son still. "She looks like him, Elizabeth, she looks a bit like Mycroft. Unfortunate really," he said with a small, tired smirk. "She's quite able to pull it off though."
-----------------------------------------------------
Sherlock took John's face in his hands again, a little forcefully for an Omega. "You listen to me John Watson; you are never to think those thoughts again. Do you understand?" he said sharply, before softening slightly. "You did the best you could with what you had; you were in the middle of a desert for god's sake!" he said, wrapping his arms around him.
Sherlock nodded a little, leaning against John. He looked at him when he mentioned Sherlock's next heat. "I don't know when it is though," he said with a small smile. "They've been so erratic, I've only had two where I should have had three..." he said, shaking his head a little and resting his head on John's shoulder. "It's been nine months and they still haven't sorted themselves out," he said, yawning a little himself.
