“Clint, look at me. I’m ok, I’m still here. Everything’s ok now.” Tony could see Clint try to control his breathing, but all he got were more wet gasps. Tony reached up and pulled the other man in a tight embrace. It didn’t matter that he was stuck under rubble in a probably still unsafe building. Clint needed him now. Clint needed him weeks ago, and Tony could only curse himself for not noticing Clint’s absence sooner. He pushed his metaled hands gently through Clint’s hair, as if soothing a child. Tony could slowly feel Clint get control of his breathing, the short pants lengthening out. Another groan in the foundation pulled at Tony’s attention.
“Tony.”
“And?”
Tony stared at the bloody stump that was once Barnes’ arm.
Bucky groaned, wishing suddenly that he was still alone. A quick patter of rubber against the pavement and an overwhelming stench of perfume was all the warning he got before Mrs. Danowitz joined their party.
Steve bit his lip before looking down at his watch again. “Yeah, I’ve still got time.”
“This is fucking Washington, Barton. Everyone’s always buying hiking gear.”
“C’mon, Buck, it can’t be that bad here.”
“You better have a good reason for calling us in, Stane,” snapped Pierce.
care! Tell me, Barnes, which on is it?"
“The deal I struck. It wasn’t free.”
Steve thought. “Well?” he pushed.
“What about JARVIS?” Hill continued. “It’s been three days and JARVIS didn’t think enough to reach out and warn the appropriate parties about his creator’s safety?”
Barnes shrugged. “Got nothing else to do. Can’t shoot a gun anymore; can’t do my job anymore.”
“Boss,” Drumm gasped, still looking at Carl’s motionless body. “We’ve got a problem.”
“I don’t know, Buck,” sighed Steve, eyes soft. Understanding as always. Bucky hated it. He opened his mouth to argue, but was cut off by another voice.
Steve grabbed at his hand, pulling them away gently to link their fingers together. “I’m alright, now.”
but it was Hill that kept him out of the way. “Let them do their jobs,” she snapped. “We’ll get him help.”
“What?”
“Tony? Come on, it’s late. Let’s go home, ok? You know I didn’t mean what I said. Look, I miss you. Peter misses you, right buddy?”  Steve looked down at his son, who offered a few small coos, but Tony still didn’t respond.
Three pairs of eyes snapped back over to Clint. “I-I mean. He hasn’t dealt with me yet. Won’t know how to read me.”
Steve nodded, finally feeling his heartbeat slow down. He walked towards the front door, pulling out his phone to call Nat, when-
“I’m not,” Barnes said. “I just value the remaining limbs I have left. Natasha probably won’t be too kind if I come back smelling like scotch.”
Steve shot the other man an unimpressed look. "And I'm assuming you've got one for me?"
-------------------------
Tony rolled his eyes. “Listen, asshole. I have nothing else to say to you. I don’t want any part of your superstitions.” Tony gestured across the room to Happy, and then pointed to the door. His bodyguard nodded, getting ready to start the car.
Steve frowned at that. “Where the hell do you think he is?”
But Sam wasn’t looking at him. Steve followed his eyes, finally locking on to the slight shimmer that started to glow from the nearby flames light.
Steve blushed furiously. He didn’t think he will ever get used to the Tony’s smart quips. “I’m sorry; I wasn’t watching where I was going.”
“I wasn’t trying to be.” He walked over to the kitchen table. “So,” Steve smiled nonchalantly, grabbing half of her sandwich and taking a bite. “PB & J. That bad, huh?”
“And I thank you for this contribution,” Obadiah sneered.
“I’m saying that things didn’t really play out the way we wanted. Zola’s algorithm got nowhere near its final target number, but it turns out a second is a lot longer than you’d think. Not everybody made it, Steve.”
lie about this to him? There was no way the man didn’t know his father. What his father did to him. But he had chosen to say nothing. Why?
Bucky turned to face Tony, the man giving him a careful look. Bucky sighed, rolling his eyes slightly as he gathered Tony into his arms as well. He could feel the man stiffen slightly before going completely lax. Bucky snorted. “Take care of him, alright?”
Tony put his hands up defensively. “Easy, killer. They don’t know anything more than the general public knows. I may be reckless but I’m not a complete idiot. I’m not bringing anyone else in unless we agree on it, pinky promise.”
“It was fun the first time, I’ll admit it,” Sam answered honestly. “But if we keep doing this- ”
Bucky said.
Pierce had let something slip about a mole, hadn't he? He knew that there had been one planted in the SSR. If it had been so easy to fit someone in there, how hard would it have been to slip another one into the ranks of The Commandos? Especially since, after the fall of The SSR, The Captain was desperate to fill his ranks to help fight the war against HYDRA. He would have taken anybody; even accept a double agent by accident.
Rhodey looked solemn. "He's not dead, but it doesn't look good."
him. Knowing that they were down there, trying desperately to claim some semblance of revenge, delivering payback of Tony's pain one punch at a time, had Tony's blood pumping and heart singing with a newly discovered viscous pride.
The hero façade may be gone, but Steve was still here. And he still had work to do.
Bucky frowned. “Hey, look at me.” Bucky tried not to wince when Steve finally did look up, his face ruined even more. “You can’t get rid of me that easy.”
When Hammer had been approached by Stane to ditch Pierce now that they could find The Captain’s identity, Hammer had found himself between a rock and a hard place. Regardless of Tony Stark, Stane was still a competitor in the world of weapons manufacturing. In the end game, they would still be enemies. Also, with the backing of both HYDRA and the NYPD, Pierce was someone Hammer was not ready to make an enemy. But, Stane had the US military wrapped around his finger; messing around with Army’s main benefactor probably wouldn’t play out in his favor either.
“Natasha.”
“Take everyone with you and get behind the barricade, okay? Take – Pepper
“Well, that’s too bad, because I’ve already called a family meeting.”
He heard Phil snort over the phone.
“Rhodey?”
It was auto-pilot, stepping into the bathroom to do his business, brushing his teeth and splashing cold water on his face, all while ignoring the urge to look in the mirror. He wasn’t exactly sure what he would see, but Tony knew he wouldn’t like it. He hadn’t been shaving, hell, he’d barely been showering. But Tony knew the parts that weren’t covered in greasy hair would be worse; pale skin that had been showing an increasingly amount of bone ridges with each passing day. Food wasn’t exactly a priority either.
“Tony,” Rogers breathed.
(See the end of the chapter for
The brunette tightened his grip around his ripped sweatshirt. With his luck, Tony would probably die of hypothermia before he found a way home. Regardless, Tony listened for the sound of cars, and headed off to the right. He didn’t make it too far before he found himself stopping again.
“What, does he bring you cookies? Oh, wait; that’s Girl Scouts.”
So, yea. Tony was a little behind schedule. Not to worry though. The team had moved in, and so far, there hadn’t been complaints about any of the floors, and Fury seemed pretty pleased. Tony wouldn’t have to worry about them anymore, giving him plenty of time to focus his projects here to get the Pepper and the board of directors off his back for a while.
4. Finnegan Thorpe - Greed
Bucky held up a hand. “Not now, Steve. Just let me be for a little bit.”
He had failed. Just like he always did.
And with that, Obie was pushing past him, down the stairs into the speakeasy.
“to sleep as well. Might have to save the world tomorrow. You know,- ”
Tony narrowed his eyes as he plopped down into the seat next to his son, swinging his sunglasses around in his hand. “We’ll see.”
Unlike Tony, however, he stayed loyal, settling down with one of the old mobs in New York City.
“Now, now, dear Captain, let’s try and be civil about this.”
As soon as he flicked the television off, he started to sob. For Riley, for his nephew, for believing in any semblance of fairness or justice in the world. Riley’s father would spend the rest of his life in prison, and it still wasn’t enough. It would never be enough.
“No offense, Hill, but this really isn’t your style,” Steve replied softly, playing with the frayed edges of the hospital blanket. “You would’ve waited until I was out of the hospital.” He paused, meeting her gaze again. “There’s something else, isn’t there.”
Tony glared at him, mouth begging to scream at the man, plead, berate, anything. Ask him why he did this. Ask him how. He was family. He was
“Tony, you just said that a picnic with him is a stupid idea.”
Steve chuckled and slapped at his thigh, the blonde shuffling into the gap of Tony’s legs.
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he hadn’t in a bed that wasn’t King sized. He’d always preferred the largest size he could – when he was younger, it meant more than enough space for his bed partners; when he was older, it meant more than enough space for him to flop in any direction when he stumbled up from the lab. This bed was a queen; while Tony regularly updated the appliances on all his properties, most of the updates went towards his respective labs and workshops. Most of everything else went untouched, as he rarely used them anyway.
“And you, Mr. Stark, are ridiculous.” Pepper glided over and grabbed Tony by the collar, yanking him towards the elevator like an exasperated mother with an unruly child. “Gentlemen, I’ll return him later this afternoon.”
Wanda picked at her nails. “I don’t know, I quite like Sam.”
It had been weeks after he’d set the fire. Long enough that Clint had been worried that Phil didn’t see the news story and wasn’t coming. It had been heartbreaking, but it could have been worse. At least he had known that Phil was alive and had gotten to see him one last time in New York. He’d never forget how beautiful he’d looked that day. Ethereal. His hair askew and suit rumpled and dirtied from the events at Tony’s tower. He’d never forget the grip on his shoulders, firm,
The victims ranged all across the spectrum in age, race, and even gender. They happened over a multitude of states, some bunched together quickly, others separated by months at a time. In fact, there was so little information about these murders, it was almost impossible how someone had managed to link them together.
-------------------------
“Don’t worry about it Happy, I’m just gonna slip in backstage. Won’t even be here for two seconds, promise.”
“Exactly,” Tony continued. “There is a problem.
“You ever hear the phrase, ‘an enemy of my enemy is my friend’?”
Of course, accidents happen, and the pair had found themselves ‘starting over’ way too often then they had liked. Now, it just seemed like it was part of the drill, both of them waiting for the other ball to drop and they’ll have to pick everything back up and try again.
“Wha- Bruce? That’s not possible.”
Tony’s eyes swiveled across the room, looking for a hand.
“And you need better friends,” retorted The Skull. “A little birdie told you that you could find me here? Well, the little birdie told me the same thing.”
Steve sighed, rubbing a hand over his face, Clint trying to ignore how red his eyes were. “No, Clint. I-I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have… I just want him back,” he finished, deflating slightly.
But to Steve? To Steve, it was perfect.
“I don’t remember asking for any.”
Steve sighed, plucking Tony’s empty glass out of his hand. Instead of putting the glass back, he found himself refilling the tumbler, as well as pouring another for himself. Steve gave the glass back to Tony, the two of them leaning against Tony’s desk as they stared out the window. “You’re right. This can’t happen again; we need to keep our people safe. HYDRA needs to be dealt with.”
“There’s no way. Steve killed him,” Clint interjected. Steve shuddered, picturing the menacing red mask staring at him on the other side of ice, laughing as he slipped further and further away from the surface.
This couldn’t happen again. They had already broken so much. One more crack in the foundation and they’d be done for. The Commandos would fall.
“Oh, Phil! I’m sorry, I, uh- ” Steve broke off when he looked down at the state of his clothing, the dirty outfit covered in blood from the job as well as his latest art project with Thor.
Tony’s heart was leaping out of his chest as he stared down the barrel of The Captain’s gun. His eyes darted around, trying to find a way out.
“Although, maybe he’s already scared everyone away by threatening them with the lamp,” Tony laughed. “There’s always a crazy in every suburb.”
Barnes hit the floor.
“Yes, Sir," Justin answered, voice dripping with false sympathy. "With us knowing The Captain’s real identity, he said we didn’t need you anymore. Cut you out of the picture. I trust Stane as far as I can throw him. How long before he deems me unnecessary? I’m not willing to take that risk.”
Bucky nodded. “Something’s not right here.”
“Now why you saw the need to double check is beyond me,” came a new voice. “I told you that’s what he said,” Sam said, arms crossed over his chest. He was seated on one of the couches, obviously waiting impatiently for their return.
“You know, that’s kind of sweet, in a really twisted way.”
Steve beamed as the woman took the picture, only hoping that Tony didn’t decide on any rude gestures. “Thank you so much,” he said as the woman handed Steve his phone back.
It was simple really; The Monger knows how Stark operates. With him working with The Captain, they knew that it was only a matter of time before they caught up with Rumlow.
“Don’t care, J. The Captain’s thugs will take care of them.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“So.”
“Alright, just Tony. I’m just Steve.”
Tony had made it a point when they moved in to tell them that while JARVIS is connected throughout the house, there weren’t any cameras installed within the bathrooms or bedrooms.
Steve’s smile lessened, pulling on the hand he still had in his own, bringing his other one to encircle the wrist gently. He looked up at Tony, letting his vulnerability show. “Will you stay?”
“I want to talk to Loki.”
Natasha took a few steps closer to what she identified as Tony’s voice.
There was no way to say which would be the best route. Sure, the original partnership he had with The Captain and The Commandos had been devastating, almost lethal. But Barnes was right; he wasn't making any progress on his own, and he was miserable. Rogers and his ragtag group of criminals were a constant in his head. They frustrated him, even infuriated him to no end, but they were still there. Stubbornly staying in the forefront in his mind, like an itch he couldn't scratch. After today, he was starting to think that maybe they couldn't move past him either.
Sam burst through the door, both men jumping feet away from each other. Steve could feel his face burning as his hands frantically tried to find something to do, settling on straightening out his shirt. Thankfully, Sam, if he even did notice, didn’t mention it. “We got him,” he said breathlessly.
Stepping back in the hallway, she eyed Sam immediately. Ward waited until they were both in front of him before guiding them back to Fury’s office. Sam was still watching her out of the corner of his eye. Carefully, she leaned a hand out in front of her, making sure her body blocked the view from Grant.
Tony flashed him a smile. “Well, sweet cheeks, it seems I’m at a disadvantage because I don’t know who you are.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, biting his lip. He wanted Steve here, whispering that to him.
“I guess so, yes.”
“You get your weapons from Asgard?
“Long drive?” she settled on.
Tony sighed for what was probably the millionth time.
So, of course the two companies were constantly at each other’s throats. They were both monopolies in their division; no company stood a chance in taking them out. What else was there to do besides go after each other? Stark keeps trying to convert the world to solely his tech, while Asgard constantly tries to steal Stark’s weapon contracts.
Good news is that since Carrier is done, this story has my full attention. Finally time to finish this mammoth!
The plan was beautiful in it's simplicity. Pierce sent Rumlow out to look for Stark and The Captain to “place another bomb” all the while The Monger traced the electromagnetic waves of the transmitter. Rumlow gets caught by The Captain’s men, and dragged back to one of their hideouts. Rumlow refuses to cooperate, biting on the tooth, which of course crushes the transmitter along with the cyanide, making it impossible for Stark to trace it back to them.
“Yea,” he said, “and some breakfast. I’ll have what he’s having.”
He heard Sam move closer to him, feeling a reassuring grip on his shoulder. “Steve. We’re worried about you, man.”
“Phil,” Steve said, a disappointed frown on his face.
Fury took a swig of brandy. “We know you’ve been stashing half of your silver bars somewhere. Which is smart; you’re gonna get out. Go overseas right? England, am I right? Here’s the deal. You give him up, or you give up half your stash. Are you willing to dump your dreams of getting out in the dirt, for Bucky?”
“He got away.”
He couldn't, not really. But the shock of an attack in broad daylight, let alone an attack had all, had Tony's hackles rising. The thought of The Captain being right and Tony brushing him off did not sit well with him. He didn't like to be wront; he was
The last thing Tony was able to think about was Steve and his little boy. And then there was nothing.
Looking back toward the smoking pile of rubble, Tony could see the faint glint of sharp and bloodied metal shine in the flames. A fan rotor. The ceiling had been covered in huge industrial fans to keep the warehouse cool. Part of the ceiling caves in, and boom: the falling blades are one patent away from being called a human cleaver.
“Again?” Clint reached forward and snatched the photos, looking in disbelief at a very familiar blonde standing next to the Norwegian. “But we asked him about what happened with Loki; he said nothing was going to come of it!”
This was happening because of him. Coulson was probably dead because of him. Tony couldn’t help but think of Clint, the two of them leaning together at Tony’s first team meeting.
“No, wait, please! I didn’t know it was The Captain’s men, I was just doing as The Monger asked, I swear!”
“Relax,” Tony’s voice filtered into his left ear, a soft grip appearing on his shoulder. “Barnes is fine. He’s just sulking. Don’t worry; he’s not going anywhere.”
Clint felt Tony get out of his chair and kneel down in front of him. “Listen. I get it. I’m not exactly known for letting people in on my medical history,” Tony said, unconsciously tapping at his chest. “You don’t have to prove yourself to us. We aren’t going to look at you any different.”
Which of course, at the time, Tony thought was sickeningly sweet. Until Pepper had dragged him to God knows how many meetings. Apparently it was ‘his job’. Who knew? What Tony did know, was that he was about two more meetings away from standing in the middle of the street until he gets shot again.
“Shame,” Steve murmured, leaning in close, hovering over Tony’s mouth. “I would have let you throw me onto a flat surface.”
Fury chuckled. “Well, that much we can agree on.”
Steve sighed, wiping a hand across his face. He was tired, he was so damn tired, but he didn’t dare move. He sat at their meeting table, eyes watching members of his family filter in and out as the night progressed. Watching for the one member that had yet to appear.
“Come on,” said Tony, dragging Steve from his thoughts. He let Tony pull him into the warehouse and down the stairs. Steve’s breath caught in his throat when he passed the mainframe. He could still see Tony’s blood stained on the floor. Tony immediately reached out for Steve, rubbing soothing circles into his back to reassure Steve that he was still here and breathing.
“You see, Stark,” Loki continued, completely ignoring Steve. “You had us all fooled. Everyone believed that you and The Captain were done. But you couldn’t stay away, could you? They saw, Stark. They saw you and Barnes pull The Captain out of the river. They know you’re still with them. They’re going to kill you, Stark.”
Steve looked down at his hand, saying nothing.
The banging continued. “Open the goddamn door, Steve!”
Ward looked up from his phone, giving her a blank stare. “Well, can I use it? Or are you going to make me go on the floor?”
Clint was missing. Base was bombed. Stark Industries was bombed. Tony’s status was unknown. Inside the quinjet alone, Steve was plagued by voices in his head, asking ‘
Steve froze. Instinctively, he wanted to turn around, but knew that any single movement could lead to his death. He couldn’t help the flinch that he gave when he felt the butt of the gun against his back. Steve closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Listen, there has to be something left from the bomb in here- ”
Steve rolled his eyes as he wrapped strong hands around the base of the tree.
hear about that.
Bucky groaned. “
“Well it certainly isn’t mine!”
Having his own narcissistic tendencies, Tony could convince anyone that he could move mountains with his bare hands, maybe even build a weaponized metal flight suit. Who knows, he probably could if he had the time. Tony was never one to admit that he was only human, but even he had his limits. Not that he would tell anyone.
“Anything?” Tony asked when he saw The Captain check his phone again.
“Tell me about Extremis,” Sam asked to Hill, ignoring Steve.
Hammer turned to face Drumm again when the doors burst open to reveal a flustered Alexander Pierce. He took one look at the body and his face hardened.
Steve froze. Oh
Clint had been trying, they all were. Trying, doing anything to keep them all from drowning. Sam was a constant presence by Steve’s side, Bruce always making sure that Bucky was taking the meds that Dr. Strange had given him, or that everyone was eating. Clint always had men on watch, even had Thor reach out in his own networks to keep them in the loop.
Clint looked away, cheeks burning in shame. It was a shallow threat, but a low blow.
Tony looked at Steve, nodding to himself.
The flames were definitely smaller, what little hearing he had able to pick up on the shouts of the firemen fighting what was left of the inferno.
Tony’s head snapped up, hitting it on the lamp on his desk. “Shit,” he mumbled, rubbing at the already forming bump on his head. He gazed up at Pepper, her red hair pinned back perfectly, as usual. She had her bag in her hand, like she was ready to leave-
His CO, with his blatant disregard, had decided to pair them up as punishment.
Pierce rubbed a hand across his forehead. “There wasn’t any news about Tony Stark today, was there?”
“He had to, Nat,” Sam placated. “He cut a deal with Fury. For us.”
Steve snapped his head towards Tony, blue eyes piercing into brown. Tony stared right on back, his eyes soft, a shy smile gracing his lips. Without thinking twice, Steve rushed to the other man, sweeping him in a tight hug. It was so easy to just wrap his arms around the smaller frame and bury his face into Tony’s neck, the man smelling of overpriced shampoo with a feint undertone of metal. All words that he could have thought of were thrown out the window when he felt Tony’s hands hesitantly grasp him back, Steve making sure to squeeze him tighter in reassurance.
The Captain furrowed his brows, staring long at Tony before nodding his head. “Yeah, yeah we do. Nat caught wind of some weapons just sitting around in a holding facility. It’s time we went shopping. And no,” The Captain added, taking in Tony’s face. “They’re not yours. We’re not that stupid. The guns are Hammer's.”
Steve shivered at the open honesty in Tony’s face.
Natasha has just shrugged.
The first meeting was the info dump, as Tony liked to call it. They went over everything they saw from their position, discussed flaws that happened in the field, and sent any relevant information to their intel group. Then, they would reconvene the next week to review everything that was discussed, correct any issues, talk about next steps.
“Where are you going?”
He poured himself a generous glass of scotch. "J? What'd you find?"
Sam frowned, but nodded sullenly. He looked down at his hands, as if suddenly unsure what he was going to do with them. “You guys want anything for the road?” Let it be said that his Mama made sure he knew how to entertain his guests.
Steve shifted, taking a few steps farther away from the intimate moment between him and Natasha. It was a pain he could relate too, one they all could. No one was happy about the agreement they had with Fury. The gang was the only real family they had left. He could understand the idea of witness protection – after Pierce and Stane were taken out of the picture, it wouldn’t be hard for the rest of HYDRA to put the pieces together on who was involved. So, he agreed with Fury that they needed to drop off the grid for a while, for all of their safety. What he didn’t agree on was the fact that they needed to do it all separately. They worked better as a unit; they would be able to protect each other, just like they’ve done in New York. But keeping them all together also made them a threat. And Fury knew that.
Steve complied and then raised his hands in the arm, Bucky mirroring him. “Ms. Potts, I- ”
Tony bit his lip as he watched Steve retreat into the kitchen. He knew that Steve had had a rough day. He shouldn’t have said anything about Pietro; he should have just waited. But those rough days were turning into weeks that would eventually turn into months, maybe even years.
“No.”
“Sorry, boss. I can’t detect any tech.”
Loki's eyes snapped to Pierce's. "What the hell are you talking about?"
A waitress came up and poured him a glass of coffee. “Hey, Sharon.”
Justin Hammer’s voice echoed in his head. “But
A sharp gasp was pushed from his chest as he hit the ground hard, Steve hearing an echoing groan from Sam. Not even giving himself time to catch his breath, Steve was up again, checking on all of the rescued civilians. Thankfully, Steve had managed to take the brunt of the force, so apart from a few extra bruises, everyone seemed alright.
“Bucky’s right,” added Sam. “Stark is one of us now. He’s proven that enough.”
“Tony,” Steve laughed, reaching a hand out to grab Tony’s. “I’d like to take the night off with you. Am I going to cause any problems by doing so?”
“No life signs detected, Sir. With the structural integrity at only forty-two percent, might I suggest you evacuate the premises?”
It had started last week, with the first attack at one of Tony’s warehouse. Steve would have been lying if he said he didn’t enjoy any of it. The thrill of the fight, the adrenaline pumping through his veins. It was the closest he had ever felt to being his normal self in a very long time. Even with Tony added to the crew, everyone just clicked. They were one unit, moving swiftly and deadly through the entire warehouse. He should have known then that something was wrong. That is was almost too easy for The Commandos to slice down those numbers that quickly. But all he could see was Sam’s outlandish victory dance, Bucky’s long forgotten smile, Tony’s kiss-ridden lips. Maybe he had wanted to believe that for once, they had the upper hand again. That for once they were able to pull a move back on HYDRA.
“Everyone,” answered Bucky, no doubt on the same wavelength as Steve. “This isn’t Brooklyn we're dealing with. This is
“Oh god, Tony. You ok?” Steve reached down quickly, helping the man back up to his feet. Steve tried not to think about how warm Tony felt in his hands.
Pierce rolled his eyes, scoffing. “If you thought you were leaving that warehouse with all of your men intact, then you really are naïve. I’ll reimburse your loses; it’s not like these nobody’s are hard to replace,” Pierce drawled, eyeing Drumm, who was still trying to make himself disappear in the corner.
“Well, don’t say anything yet, because we’re not done yet.”
. Each name in the file came with a number, so it wasn’t long before Clint put the pieces together.
“Sam,” Steve sighed.
Tony hummed, but noticed Steve made no move to get up. “Alright,” he said, assuming that Steve wanted him to go with him. “I’ll come with. Come on, let’s- ” He paused when he felt Steve grab at his wrist, holding him firmly. He looked back in question to see Steve looking at him with heated eyes. He didn’t have time to question him before Steve sprung from the bed, pushing Tony against the wall.
A shrill ringing cut off the rest of his statement.
thought Steve. He was about to charge in, when he saw himself be flung out of the window. A couple of shots, and past Steve was falling to the ground.
Zola sneered.
There was a shift in gravity and they were both on the kitchen floor. Steve must have lost his pants at some point because he felt a hard length against his own. Steve reached a hand down and grabbed both, tugging at them roughly.
“Wrong eye.”
Steve had said.
Tony stopped again, looking down at his hands. He closed his eyes, and thought back the hushed conversation he had with Steve not minutes before.
“There is another one here from a Dr. Strange. It appears Mr. Barnes is on the mend and he wants to know if- ”
“What the- ”
If Tony could find it, how long before someone else could have done the same thing? Steve’s heart jumped in his throat as he pushed the gas petal harder. He could hear Clint curse into his phone, no doubt calling Bucky.
Silence.
“Yes, but I don’t need a model when I have you,” Raza replied easily. “You’ll build me one.”
“It doesn’t matter?! Did you even hear me? We need EMT’s now!”
Steve nodded. “That’s good. If we plus the cops are out looking for Tony, it won’t be long before we find him.”
“I didn’t say that," Tony argued. "All I mean, is that there are better options.”
It was simple. Where the common room was full with the latest tech, Steve’s walls were filled with tall bookshelves, and was that? Yep. Tony had outfitted Steve with what looked like the best art supplies on the market.
knew what he was doing.
But Steve could hardly focus on the newly opened avenues; he could only feel the grease on his fingers, could only feel Tony’s overgrown beard scratching at his sides. He wasn’t sure if it was better than when his fingers felt Tony’s now pronounced ribcage. He should have been here sooner; Tony had been counting on him.
“Get me out of here,” the voice behind him snapped, scoffing when Clint forced them to a stop instead. Perching the two of them around the corner, Clint pulled out his gun, peeking back out ever so slightly. “What are you waiting for?” the other man hissed.
“Oh?”
“It was playful banter,” retorted Steve.
missed something. Pierce had sat idly by when Tony Stark released the name of ‘Joseph Grant.’ While Pierce was the only one who knew it was fake, he didn’t comment, just thinking that Stark had gotten it wrong for once. Was it really just an act the whole time? Were Rogers and Stark ever enemies?
“How is he?”
had his heart skipping a beat, giving him a glimpse of a future that he saw back in their now demolished home when he offered Tony a job as a Commando. He'd thought that hope had burned in the flames, died as Tony ran, leaving him in that cemetery. But here it was; a beaten, bruised, and thread of a chance. Hope that the bridge may not have burned completely after all.
“There were a lot of road closures?”
was in there. He needed to get them out.
“Do you need a plan?” Steve shot over his shoulder. “Tony’s down there. Therefore, I’m not wasting another second up here.”
“Somehow, I don’t think our hosts will let us stop and take a breather,” Tony hissed.
Steve barely found it in him to answer, his mouth still wide in shock. “I could ask you the same thing.”
“Remember these?” a cold voice asked. A small device was held in front of his eyes. “These were always one of my favorites,” Obi continued, his face now coming into Tony’s view. He switched the device off, dropping it onto the couch. “Shame the government didn’t go for them,” he continued, pulling out his earplugs. “Short time paralysis can be so useful.”
“Right,” he confirmed.
“Well, I thought I was pretty obvious. We’re back in this together; we’re going to need somewhere to stay, don’t you think?”
A gun emerged.
“But then why- ”
The three men spun around to be met with the small smile of Natasha Romanoff. When she saw Clint, her smile turned into an icy glare.
She couldn’t help but overhear a hushed voice from the other side of the hallway.
But it hadn’t happened. Steve had given each of them so much. A new job, a new house, a new life. And when he needed them? They ran.
10:00 a.m.
Obviously this is a much longer fic, with an immensely slow build (don't worry, Tony and Steve will be reunited in 2-3 chapters). However, if I wan't to publish as much as I want to, the story will probably hit 200K.
“Just give me one chance!” Schmidt pleaded as he ran back toward the window. “I’ll go get the police!”
Steve ignored her, pushing further into the room, walking around, looking for any sign, any clue as to who had cleaned out the whole space. “Dammit!” he shouted, kicking at a metal shelf.
“Tony, it’s not that- ”
Heart stopping, Steve dragged his hands all over his body, looking for any sort of wound, only to come back clean.
Movement got his attention again, and Steve soon found himself cuffing the fleeing robber to a drainage pipe at the building side. “Don’t worry, just wait here. They usually pick up the trash within the hour,” Steve smirked.
“You already are by sitting locked up in this room, Steve. Let us help. This is not different than any other job. We trust you, Steve, but you gotta trust us.”
Even after waiting a few days, Tony was still filled with trepidation as he walked through the sewer to meet The Captain. As soon as he saw the man’s smile, however, Tony knew he was safe.
“What about prison?” Bucky prodded. “We get immunity?”
“I’m just saying. Tons of opportunity for fun today.”
From the look on Clint’s face, Steve knew that Natasha had probably just ripped him a new one. Knowing her, he might actually have to send Clint back to medical.
“Simple as that, you say,” Skull snorted. “I’m sorry, but no deal.”
A familiar jingle of the bell and Tony was opening the door to Yinsen's shop, intent on stopping to chat with his old friend.
Pepper almost shouted. “Tony, you were almost killed! The Captain is tearing apart Manhattan looking for you, and you’re just
Sam reached his hand out slowly. “Cap, give me the gun.”
“Tony, please,” Rogers pleaded. “You’re still injured. Get some rest; I will gladly talk about this with you later.”
“Try me.”
“It was nice, until history started to repeat itself,” retorted Barnes with a shake of his head. “He’s not cut out to handle another loss like that. Steve’s strong, but this thing is killing him.”
The Captain finally let his grip lax before pacing away. "Well, what about you? How do I know that you didn't go running to your lackeys about me? How many people know my face now? Maybe I'm the one who won't last the month."
you’re alive!”
“And yet, you love me anyway,” Steve commented.
“On the contrary,” Steve interjected. “I’ve never been more sure of what I have to do.” He walked up to Hammer, placing the gun’s muzzle against the man’s shaking chest. “Now, I’m going to give you the same option. You can tell me who you’re working for and I’ll grant you the luxury of my men gunning you down as you leave, quick and painless.”
“The Captain can’t stop HYDRA if he’s dead.”
“They’re not coming after us,” Natasha replied with a grim face.
Turning his head, he watched Tony throw a loose sweatshirt over his tank, getting his own gun ready. Steve sighed. This wasn’t going to be pretty. “What do you think you’re doing?” he asked, walking over to the other man.
But now even that was boring him.
Pepper nodded in understanding. “You and me both, Nick.”
Pierce nodded, rubbing his chin slowly. “What’s he got planned?"
“When?”
Fury nodded. “I’m working a case. I’m sure you’re familiar with it; the media certainly loves making a spectacle,” Fury growled. “What are they calling it now?
“We can turn the temperature down in- ”
“Well how do we now it even worked?”
“What about the risk from the FBI? They might not kill you all like Pierce would, but you’d be separated. With the team’s laundry list of crimes, they’d never be free again. They’d be locked away with life sentences and you’d never see any of them again. Tony, you’d never see Steve again.”
“Where are you?” he demanded.
asked by both parties before the warehouse exploded in gunfire. The math was simple; the cover they'd been lucky enough to be by was nice, but it wouldn't last. Not with the numbers that Hammer had. And of course, no one thought to bring their phone in case they dropped it, not wanting to leave any evidence.
Steve smiled to himself, pressing a kiss into Tony’s dirty hair. He could still smell the rubble in his hair. He shivered with anticipation.
Steve peeked over Tony’s shoulder to see Clint Barton stand over the knocked out assailant.
“Yeah, no shit,” Steve scoffed. “You missed a whole week, once.”
“You can have it back when you get your life together,” she hissed before pushing the man back down onto the couch. “Drunkard,” she whispered under her breath before breezing out of the room, Clint’s weapons in her hands.
“How so, Sir?”
Natasha threw her bag down by the shoe rack, making a beeline for the kitchen. Her hands moved automatically, pulling out some bread, peanut butter, and jam.
There was a time when Tony would have laughed, jesting that yet again, he’d proven his husband wrong. But not this time.
“You were working with HYDRA. Who’s to say you weren’t working for other gangs as well,” Clint responded. “Getting their hands on Tony had to be the end game for some of them. We want names.”
Sprinting back up the large iron gates of the cemetery, Tony breathed a sigh of relief when he was met with a lack of cars and commotion. He crossed the grassy field, blatantly ignoring the graves he was running over, dipping inside the maintenance hut.
With The Commandos, she’d let herself get too comfortable. When Natasha had first realized – after she caught herself sewing a neat line of stitches in Dugan’s bomber jacket – she’d almost took off and run right there. She didn’t make it to where she was because of nostalgia. To this day, Natasha still isn’t sure why she didn’t, instead just finishing her patch job and returning the clothing to the once jovial man. She wasn’t sure when she stopped fighting them, stopped paddling directly into the storm altogether, just to join the current and let them sweep her away. She had thought that that was it for her. That
Barton grinned, clapping Tony on the shoulder. “That’s the spirit,” he smiled. “Now, go check on your boy,” he said, pushing Tony back through the door. Walking back towards the front of the building, Tony felt a weight lift from his chest.
“Um, I think you can
Barnes gave a pitiful moan. “-eve?”
You know he calls for you in his sleep still? It’s weird because that’s the only time he talks now. What’s even weirder is that he still ends up being chattier than Steve,” Clint bit out. “You know that Dino’s gone? Yeah, looks like he ran off with Pinkerton and God knows who else. Couldn’t handle the heat, I suppose. And that’s not even starting on Stark. Yeah, that asshole that you hated? Well he’s the only reason Bucky is still alive. But save your thank you’s, because he’s gone AWOL as well. Steve’s taking it
Natasha couldn’t pick up what Pepper was saying, but by the shrill tones she hears, she assumed the CEO was in the middle of chewing Stark out.
“I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him,” Bruce added. “Besides, we do have something. ‘The Monger’, right? We’ve still got Hammer locked away; maybe he knows the guy. It could definitely fill in some blanks.”
You aren’t the only one with friends in high places; you aren’t the only one with connections. I run the show around here, and it’s time for you to play your part, not mine. If my regular intimidation won’t work on the infamous Tony Stark, I’ll just have to try a little harder. You keep getting my dirt on HYDRA and I’ll keep Thor from dismantling Stark Industries until there’s nothing left but ash.”
“You have my word.”
Steve paused, and took in the scene in front of him. Belarus was beautiful – well, it would be, once HYDRA’s stain was removed. The town they were in was quaint, cobblestone streets and painted row houses surrounded him, greenery spilling into the cityscape through courtyards and open balconies. What was left, anyway. Some of the structures lay in ruin, a devastating consequence when the Avengers were in town.
You think it’s bad now? You haven’t even
Tony said nothing, his mouth stunned open as wide as his eyes.
“Just following orders,” Hammer gasped around Natasha’s hands. “You can appreciate that.”
“I don’t have time for your snark, Bucky. Get the hell out of my way,” Steve retorted with a small shove to Bucky.
Steve squeezed his hand one last time before pushing Tony towards the door. “Later,” he agreed, cocking his gun.
Tony reached forward, grabbing on to Barnes and the suitcase, throwing the three of them down the steps. Collapsing onto the hard ground, Tony moaned in agony, back arching as his vision whited out. At the top of the stairs, the ceiling had completely caved in. Large slabs of the destroyed building now blocked the entrance. While it solved the problem of burning to death, it posed the new threat of trapping them down there if the other end had already collapsed as well.
It was a wonder that Steve ever forgot that out of everyone, Bucky was the one who always cared the most. And of course, seeing the look on Clint's face when he could hear clearly for the first time in years made Steve's heart swell. So Clint found himself on the top roster, tagging along with Nat and Bucky, never looking back.
“Or maybe someone tipped them off,” Pierce interjected.
Steve hopped up from the ground, looking at the criminals facing him with their weapons and cases full of stolen money.
Tony pushed Steve’s greying hair out of his eyes. “You don’t look like him, you know. Your eyes are different. I can still see the hope in them.”
“Is this what it felt like?” Bucky continued, not even hearing him. “When you saw me after the fire? Because I can’t- ” Bucky sighed, voice breaking off with a croak. “I tried, Stevie. I tried so damn hard. I tried to help, I did, but it wasn’t enough. I’ve never been enough. Not when your Ma died, not when you lost Peggy, not with any of them. But this time, I really thought I could. I thought I knew what I was doing; I thought I could fix all the things I’d broken, and I…. I couldn’t.”
“Clint?” a frantic voice called. “Clint, where are you? Answer me!”
Good news is is that I have the rest of the story mapped out. What I need to figure out now is how much is actually going to be published.
Things had been going so well; it wasn't supposed to happen this way!
“If we ever get out of this alive, I’m going to
Steve watched in horror as they threw the hammer away, picking up a large machete instead. Ignoring the mangled mess that was Tony’s left hand, they stretched out his right, not even waiting for a command before cutting right below his wrist. Slowly.
“Oh yeah? And why’s that?”
Of course no one thought to bring extra ammo.
“WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN?!”
So please let me know what your thoughts/feeling are. If you've been on this ride this long, I'm sure you've got some things to say!
“Stark is an
“Good morning, Steve. How’s work?”
Fury hummed. “Those must be some files.”
He passed some bodies littering the ground, mostly bloody, but Tony could smell the burning flesh from the bomb. His stomach churned, but he pushed forward.
But did The Captain?
Redial.
But that was just a pipe dream.
Clint sighed.
“No. It would be a too cataclysmic change for the future. But we can’t leave his future self running around in this time.”
Tony opened his eyes in the midst of the chaos, and saw him.
Steve pointed to the projection. “What can you see?”
“Like you didn’t have any comments to make,” Tony pouted, slapping at Steve’s bicep before turning to look back at Bucky. “I have no idea what the FBI was thinking, giving you this identity, but what a present it was. Jury’s still out on if we think of you more as a 15
Clint glanced back at the clock. It was still way before dawn, but Clint knew that he wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep; not with his plagued dreams.
“Then give them Stark; use him as bait. HYDRA was going to kill him regardless, you might as well use him to your advantage. Draw them back out and then finish them once and for all. You want to find peace, Captain? This is how.”
Steve laughed, Tony’s smile widening at the bright sound.
“He is,” Bucky replied.
Which, with a little digging from Romanoff, led to the Ten Rings. Maybe the Ten Rings were acting as the fist of HYDRA - Loki had let it slip that The Monger had been working with HYDRA, so it would make sense that the manpower of The Ten Rings be utilized. It would definitely explain the recent attacks on his business.
“He’s not,” Tony argued. “He’ll never be okay without you.”
Tony nodded. “It’s better than taking a chance with your crew. Not to mention the early Christmas bonus you’d be getting.”
Steve shook his head. "But he was gone. He left me."
“They always do,” came a new voice.
“What’s going on?” Steve whispered.
The girl looked down at her book. “I’m sorry, but Mr. Stark won’t be in for a few days.”
“Did Rogers send you? Because you can go and fuck off, and- ”
But Tony had never been able to say it back. Call it cowardice, call it cold, call it whatever. It’s not that he didn’t want too. Sure, he was slow on the uptake – he’d never felt as strongly about anyone else as he did with Steve. And it wasn’t like he had a long list of prior loving relationships that he could compare the feeling too. But once he’d finally been able to connect the dots, when Steve had first whispered it into his neck, Tony hadn’t been able to get it out of his head.
Happy.
“We can’t take you with us
“This is irrelevant,” he answered, yanking the cord connecting the arc reactor to his chest out before he could think twice. He felt the jolt in his chest, his body on high alert with the shift in his system. “Just put it somewhere over there,” he continued, waving vaguely over to one of his work benches.
“Good,” Steve retorted, nodding his head.
Steve let out an angry shout before pushing back off the mat, and into Bucky. Steve and Bucky have been sparring together for years, their similar builds and familiarity of the other usually proved for an even match, but not tonight. Each punch and kick thrown by Steve was fueled by his rage, but Bucky slipped away from each one.
“Well, I have you naked here, right now, in
“Yes,” Bucky answered before pausing. “No,” he added, much more quietly. “I just don’t want to say something we’ll regret.”
“He’s going into V-tach! Grab the defibrillator!”
“Alright, alright!” The man shouted, already caving as he flinched away from the knife. “It was HYDRA! HYDRA contacted me. They’re the ones who set the bombs off.”
Anyway, I hope you enjoy the chapter. I've been getting a lot of messages about new readers, so welcome aboard! As always, write me any thoughts/ideas you have and I'll try my best to throw them in!
Steve sighed. "Go wait outside, Buck."
“No,” Barnes interrupted. “Steve doesn’t know I’m here. How I even got out without him knowing is a miracle actually.”
Pepper’s legs buckled, the assistant falling down into her chair. How she still managed to do so gracefully after the load that had just been laid on her was incredible. Steve could see her face crumbling, no doubt the same look on his face at some point this week.
Tony sighed, turning when he heard Natasha walk back into the main foyer.
So. Time to think out of the box.
A laugh bubbled in Steve’s chest. “One step at a time,” he smiled, poking at Tony’s chest. “You do bring up a good point, though. You do know that we both have random check ins with our assigned FBI handler.”
Steve clenched his jaw. It was the only confirmation that he needed that Loki was in on his demise with the Red Skull. “You know why you’re here,” he said, steering the conversation away from him.
“Tony needed to go eventually, you said it yourself; it’s nice that he can help out a dear old friend one last time before I off him. Besides, no one cares that he’s gone. I’ve had him for days and the public is still in the dark about the whole thing. Face it, Pierce. You aren’t running the show anymore.”
“Warming it up,” Steve answered, ears pink with embarrassment. “It’s a bit cold, and I just thought that- ” he trailed off. Tony grinned, the smile growing as the blonde shot him a dirty glare. “Shut up,” he pouted.
“Pepper,” Tony whispered.
The pair stepped into the lift, the doors shutting behind them with a small thud. It was a silent ride upwards, for which Steve was very grateful. His thoughts were scattered and frantic. It was if subconsciously, Steve had known that he wasn’t going to get in here without Tony, but now that he had, he realized that he had no further plan. What would he even say to Fury? Would he just be arrested on the spot?
“Because that’s not all,” Clint continued. “I just got off the phone with Phil. I asked him about Stark.”
“Me, suspicious? I’m just you’re average, law abiding citizen,” Clint replied with a smirk.
“We shouldn’t be doing this.”
“Yeah, I don’t really do the whole ‘adhering to authority’ thing.”
“Any idea who it was?” Fury asked, his face still blank.
“What, you waiting for marriage?” Steve huffed in response, before continuing to lay a siege of bites along Tony’s neck.
Steve looked down, unable to stop a tear fall down his cheek. If SHIELD took what he had stashed away, there was no way Steve could get enough back to finally leave the business. He would be stuck working for SHIELD until he died. But he couldn’t give up Bucky.
Bruce, as always, just gave an embarrassed smile while readjusting his glasses. Stark, mouth still gaping open, turned back to Steve. “Bruce Banner?
Tony’s blood froze in his veins as he watched the gun shift to aim at his head. “Wait, wait,
“What the hell are you talking about?”
Tony gasped in fake surprise. “
“I just need to make a quick appearance, don’t get your panties in a knot.”
Steve nodded in agreement. “Consider our knowledge on the files pro bono,” he said. “Because it doesn’t matter what’s on there. Names, locations, dates, it doesn’t matter. All that does matter is that they’re all at Pierce’s disposal. The SSR collected whispers and scraps since World War II, all hand written and organized into a massive filing system. And I mean a massive system; like several buildings worth of it. With this power at his fingertips, HYDRA would be unstoppable.”
“Apparently, it’s such a huge deal!” Tony added loudly, loud enough that her neighbor – who was no doubt pressed against her door – could hear.
They watched Tony amble over to the kitchen, opening the fridge to pull up a water bottle. The smaller man threw his head back and took long gulps, looking like he was meant to be on the cover of a dirty mag. Tony seemed to make anything and everything sexual, much to Steve’s dismay. Tony gasped as he finished his drink, placing the empty bottle down to stretch his arms above his head. He was talking, Steve thought, but he couldn’t hear over the blood rushing in his ears. Tony brought his hands down –
Bucky should have known that being in front of the police station meant that there were going to be cops littering the street. While most were standing over Coulson, some had caught on to the scene that Clint was currently creating.
I just thought it would be nice for his father to bond with his son,” he all but hissed.
Natasha scoffed. “It is hard. Waking up every day in this podunk town to make shit pay is hard. Walking down the streets and smelling nothing but soybeans and not-so-subtle racism is hard. Buying clothes at the same store you buy tobacco, guns, and gas is hard. But it’s not a problem, when it’s hard,” she said. “The problem is when it’s easy. The problem is when I wake up knowing all of these things and be okay with it. That’s the problem.”
Tony couldn’t help but smile back. “Uh, right.
“You can just admit that you like them.”
The mother spun around quickly as Tony ducked behind the fruit, the woman only seeing the ruined display and the child. The mother started to scold the child instantly as the cashier made his way back to the ruckus. Seeing his window, Tony waited for the employee to pass him before dashing out of the store, stolen goods in hand.
“You just don’t seem like the person to get your hands dirty, that’s all,” shrugged The Captain.
Tony smiled as he stepped back. “If you insist.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright,” Hill said, finally regrouping with the other two. “I’ve got in contact with some techs. They’re on their way over to see if they can get the power back on. If anyone can give us the answers we need, it’s JARVIS.”
Rhodey rolled his eyes. "Seriously. You good?" His dark eyes looked all over Tony, scanning for potential injuries.
“And what, you thought you could just spring this on everyone, on
warehouses.”
He could see Steve frown in the corner of his eyes, but his focus was stolen by Barnes placing the comb in his metal hand and crushing it to pieces.
Tony didn’t have time to stop his son before he launched a piece of china high into the air.
This was very bad.
Fury looked between the two of them, but remained slient, only moving to pick up Steve’s list, giving it a cursory glance. “I’ll be right back,” he said out of the blue, standing and walking towards the exit before either he or Tony could protest. The door shut behind him will a sharp thud.
“I don’t remember Tony having an issue with our current sheets.”
Steve looked at him solemnly. “That’s because he’s not part of any other mob.”
He looked at the message and took off running.
They were efficient and unyielding. Never once did Sam have time – or the need – to question why he was doing what he was doing every day. Sure, it probably wasn’t what his Mama had in mind for him as a career – turning to crime hadn’t exactly been on his radar either – but Sam had asked for a way to fight injustice, and God had given him Steve Rogers. And therefore, given Sam, his bliss.
“Take your men and increase the radius. Start clearing out any other civilians we missed. Looks like we’ll be getting a bigger firefight than we wanted.”
“I’m sorry?”
“You mean whether or not we should order in?” Steve prodded. Tony nodded slowly even though Steve’s tone already confirmed that he was wrong. “That conversation? The one we had because it was dinner time? You know, last night?”
He ignored Clint’s question, pushing past him. “Grab everyone who’s around. We need to talk.”
“I don’t consider it to be a blessing when I know what's to come. I think you know that too. Whatever’s on it's way; it can’t be good.”
“Hey,” Tony’s voice filtered in again. “You okay? You look pale; you need another blanket?”
God, his legs felt shaky. He could sit down, he could ask them all to sit down, and they would. But he wouldn't. He will not cower, not bend, nor break. Not today. Tony clenched his jaw, staring out at the sea of people.
“Well, seventy plus years of whispers start to add up, don’t you think? All the info they collected over the years – it’s way more than what Tony’s ever compiled.”
Clint nodded, surveying the room one last time. In Loki’s rush, he must have torn some of the pictures away from Steve’s wall. He walked over, picking them up to tac on the wall, smiling down at one that featured a dancing Natasha. Once the photos were back in their original position, he started to walk away, but something caught his eye.
Steve held his hands up in surrender. “Ok, ok!” He stared back up at Tony. “Time travel hasn’t been invented yet. But in thirty years, it will have been. It’s gonna be used by SHIELD, and- ”
“Don’t push it, Rogers,” Tony grumbled, digging his knuckles into Steve’s side. “It’s a good thing you’ve got your looks, because that mouth is nothing but trouble.”
Steve burst through his bedroom door, shield at the ready.
Hill snorted. “Over. Yea right, Rogers.”
Ever since he woke up, Steve had been staying at SHIELD base. The tiny room was bland and gray, but it gave Steve some comfort. It reminded him of the barracks, something familiar in such a different time.
While Steve had gotten considerably closer with the other members of his team (even on first name basis with Natasha, thank you very much), Steve had seen very little of Tony ever since their first encounters. It didn’t surprise Steve. Despite the fact that Tony owned the building, the man was constantly working, another trait that he got from his father. There always seemed to be a new file in his hand every day, coffee mug in the other, as Tony flited in and out of the common floor.
Bucky was moving before he could think twice, gathering his friend in his arms. He felt Steve wrap just as tight around him, a familiar heat engulfing him.
He could go force himself down to his makeshift workshop he sat set up in the basement. He tried many times, hoping that his typical vice would be enough to get his mind off things. He was sure SI’s board would be more than happy to get something pushed through to R&D as quickly as possible. But each time he went down there ended up with him doing the same thing he was doing now. Staring off into space, his mind a jumbled mess of confusion and indecision, unable to agree on a single task. He probably wouldn’t be able to make anything usable anyway; for the first time, he had almost no desire or inspiration to build.
“Why can’t I? He’s not exactly innocent in all of this.”
Bucky nodded. “How long?”
something was wrong. Steve had assumed that it was something medical, that maybe Tony was feeling ill again, or had never fully recovered, but maybe it was something else. Last night had been wonderful – at least, Steve had thought so, but apparently, he was wrong. Tony never leaves after sex, he
Phil shot Steve an unimpressed look. “We’re not going anywhere.”
“Perfect timing,” Tony beamed pulling them back out of the lab and into the elevator, pushing the button for the garage.
“And we would help you because?”
“Wait, wait, wait, there’s
Obie just nodded again. “Do me a favor and stay out of the public eye for a bit, huh? It’ll help sooth things over.”
Stark rolled his eyes. “Keyword here:
If The Captain wanted to play dirty, then so be it.
a law abiding citizen, which means I don’t do any underage dealing. Sorry kid, you must be twenty-one years or older to- ”
Clint bit his lip, trying to step between the man and the car again. “Cap, let’s think about this. We don’t want to do anything rash.”
“I know.”
“Steve!” Tony cried again. “It’s time to engage!”
There was a short silence over the phone before Thor gave his response.
“Tony Stark.”
Tony uttering the word
Steve smiled before pulling Tony into a lingering kiss.
Tony huffed before stepping around The Captain and out the door. He saw Happy waiting outside with his car, ready to hand him his keys.
Barnes hit the floor.
made him happy, but there were still plenty of holes. Large ones that left him hollow, left him wondering what he was even fighting for when he woke up in the morning.
Steve sighed, rubbing his thumb against his temple as he merged off the highway. There was no reason to lie to Tony; he had just hoped that the man would have been asleep for longer to give him more time to come up with a better lie.
Tony hummed. “That doesn’t necessarily bode well,” he mused. “Good thing I’ve never been known to make good decisions. Lead on, Rogers, and show me a good time.”
Steve’s face turned stony. “What, you expect me to just take the money and run? So you can kill Tony?”
Tony snorted. “Since when are you my personal body guard?”
“Nat,” he hissed. “You heard Steve. If we break off from their agreement- “
“It’s in Brooklyn!” Tony said excitedly.
“How is that possible?” Clint leaned over the table to inspect the body in front on him. “There’s a clear trajectory here. There has to be something.”
Alexander Pierce sat in his office, looking down at the mask of The Red Skull before placing it back in its case.
Tony laughed, walking up to him. "Alright, easy, mama bear. What you need is a distraction."
“What. Did. You. Do.”
“Shh! Are they here? Is anyone here right now?”
facility closest to base. It was out of the way, but not too far. Besides, no one would question if they saw Thor Odinson walking into one of his own factories.
These HYDRA rumors were putting him on edge. The first couple times he had heard them, it was during their ‘interrogations’. Steve had never paid any mind to it; people would say anything if it meant getting out of a session with Natasha.
He walked up to the door, pulling his sidearm out of the hem of his pants to shoot the lock off. He heaved open the door, grunting at the resistance, the metal door creaking open.
Clint gave him a long look. “Well?”
Tony didn’t even bother with a reply, looking back at the scene in front of him, eyes darting as he took in each part. “Can I?” Tony asked, shooting a questioning glance at Steve. Another smart retort died on his lips, and Steve just smiled, nodding. He’d seen this happen a few times with Tony. It was strange seeing him this way, a man usually so proud and domineering, now shy, and almost nervous. It was a habit that Steve hated. One that spoke volumes of a broken childhood. One absent of love.
Tony glared at the other brunette. “Don’t you have a job to do?”
Steve puffed up his chest. “I handled them once; I think I can do it again.”
Bucky shut his eyes at the harsh tone. He'd never heard Clint sound this way, not even when they'd first met. “Clint- ”
(See the end of the chapter for
She nodded, gesturing down to the bodies at her feet. “There will probably be more.”
Steve stood at the end of Tony’s driveway. Minutes ago, he had given Tony one last desperate kiss, and pushed him into Hill’s car. Tony should be long gone by now. Out in the distance, he could see a man in a truck pull up.
“Absolutely not,” Sam negated. “I like my junk where it is, thank you very much. I don’t need Stark sending a homemade Terminator on my ass.”
Silence fell between the two of them, Clint just zoning in on Phil’s soft breathing that reached over the phone. Another date cancelled. Of course, Clint can’t blame it on Phil; he had cut out on him more than once. Except, instead of protecting the citizens, it was usually for reasons more along the lines of muggings someone or breaking and entering. With everything that’s been happening, the time the pair actually got to spend together was drifting further and further apart. It wasn’t like this was the first time they’d both been busy dealing with their respective empires, but the reappearance of HYDRA was doing them no favors.
“You flat lined,” Steve choked out. “You left me.”
He pressed the phone to his ears, barely able to catch Pepper’s answer of
thinking that he wouldn't be blindsided this time. And yet, HYDRA still managed to be three steps ahead. It was almost as if he'd learned nothing.
“That he did,” Phil added, a smile gracing his lips.
Tony sent him a dirty look. “You’re in the wrong eye.”
The rest of the ride was met with complete silence, Steve tuning out the nasty thoughts swirling thought his head. When he was graced with a familiar skyline he almost breathed a sigh of relief. Stark Tower, now known as Avengers Tower, stood dominantly in the sky, its sleek but bold figure almost screaming Tony Stark.
“Easy,” Tony interjected, standing between the two men. “We get that you’re pissed.”
Getting no response, Tony turned the handle slightly, peeking his head in. He wasn’t exactly sure what state Steve was in, but after everything that happened today, and with what was to come, he needed Steve more than ever. He had planned on coming up earlier, but he’d been stuck on the phone for hours, talking with both Pepper, and then Fury.
“Two groups,” Fury answered gruffly. “One to arrest Pierce, and one to secure the files. I’ll take some of my men to handle Pierce, but we’ll need you and your people to make sure all the files are accounted for.”
came a quiet whisper.
“Yes, Sir.”
He'd seen the bodies - what was left of them. When Schmidt had initially approached him, he'd thought the man out of his mind. What he knew, what he was planning on doing; it all seemed like it came right out of a book. But he owed that man everything. He'd pulled back the curtain for Pierce, showed him a world far more sophisticated and powerful than he could have ever imagined.
The Skull chuckled, the sinister laugh echoing around his mask. “How do you think he knew so much? How do you think
“JARVIS?” he asked the empty room.
Bucky shot Steve a cold stare. “Forget what I said. I’m killing you first.”
The Captain had sighed
“You have a lot of nerve showing up here tonight.” she scolded. “What do you have to say for yourself?”
“I know you didn’t,” Obie cut him off, a heavy hand clapping warmly on his shoulder. “What we do isn’t pretty, but it stops the world from falling into chaos.”
Maybe that was the plan all along. HYDRA just lighting a single match and then sitting back, watching as The Commandos tear each other apart with grief and anger.
“Still gathering and processing, Sir.”
Piece rolled his eyes. “Please. You’re an idiot if you think I’ll believe anything that comes out of your mouth. You gave me a fake location to where The Captain was hiding some of his files.”
“I don’t know,” Steve answered truthfully, smiling sadly. “I don’t know what I would have done. Either way, we would have lost something. We can’t go back and change what happened; all we can do is try and get in front of it before the crash happens.”
“Pep, I need to- ”
Stark huffed. "Consider me invested. Whether I like it or not, you've dragged me into this mess. I don't have the time or patience for you and your people to blunder about. This needs to be taken care of."
“Well, that settles that then,” he smiled at Steve, ignoring the man’s dirty look. “No way we’re getting out of here,” he added, curling up tighter behind the crates as another wave of bullets careened over their heads. “There’s too many of them.”
“Yes,” answered Phil. “I’m just out to find another blanket. Clint passed out before I even got here.”
“What the hell, Clint?”
"Dude, Thor hasn't been here in days," Sam sighed, rubbing at his temples. "While you've been off playing negotiator, Clint and I tried the Thor angle. He knows Steve shouldn't trust his brother; Loki's been out off Asgard's favor for months now. But as soon as he tried to bring it up to Steve, shit went south fast. Good thing Clint was dumb enough to get between the two of them, or we might have been down another man. And honestly, not even sure who would have won. Regardless, Thor took off, pissed out of his mind, so we're back to square one."
“No. I don’t want him involved in this.”
Tony shook his head. “I won’t let you do this to yourselves. Neither of you. You wanna get angry, get angry at the people who actually kidnapped me.”
There was only one teller working today, looking extremely disinterested in the store - like any teenager would - flipping through a trash magazine with a bored expression on her face. Tony could just make a run for it, but he was still a celebrity. One quick glance from the teenage girl and he knew it would be mere seconds before he was trending on Twitter for petty theft. And wouldn't that be the real kicker - he'd dodged the cops for years, staying a few moves ahead to never get caught. But with one tweet, he could lose his entire empire and end up behind bars, all for stealing some sugar.
“Don’t worry about it. Just stay on the phone with me until I get there, alright?”
The end is near.
“Yep.”
“You asshole,” he hissed, hitting at Steve’s chest. “Don’t you
Steve walked slowly down the wrought iron stairs, his head thrumming with today’s events. He had waited until Stark had passed out, adjusting the injured man’s position so he wouldn’t wake up later with a crick in his neck. With the man unconscious underneath him, Steve had plenty of time to truly study the engineer. He looked at peace; the usual stress lines that adorned his face gone, leaving an almost innocent expression. Even in a dead sleep, the smaller man let out some unintelligible murmurs, as if his brain continued to power on when the rest of the body was resting.
“Why the hell not?” Steve barked.
Tony groaned, flopping his head against the pillows. “Not you too.”
“Right now? Probably not.”
“Is this really the time to be talking about a flying kid?”
He accepted graciously, downing half of it instantly.
“I’m not gonna ask again, Sam.”
“I’m sure you’re wondering why you’re here, but it would be so much better to show you.”
Another blast of heat almost knocked him off his feet again, bright flames already trying to lick their way into the new found space. Not waiting for an invitation, Tony stepped into what was once the meeting room, upholstered chairs already aflame and turning to ash around him. He tried to shield himself with his suitcase and jacket as the ceiling crumbled down to the ground, fire and smoke danced within the once solid building.
He heard Clint snort over the line.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Oh, your heart hurt? Well how do think I feel, asshole? My God, I’ve been awake for two seconds and we’re already talking about you, you conceited little- ”
Steve smiled behind closed eyes as the sounds of Bucky’s familiar snores lulled him off to a well-deserved sleep.
Tony was drowning. Tony was
“To bad I wasn’t interested on going on dates with them,” Steve answered.
“So?”
“Lock the place down and keep an eye on everyone, alright?”
On the far wall, there was still the floor to ceiling windows, reflecting the skyline into the room.
It wasn't as if he didn't agree with it, it was just surprising. Clint had had inclinations that Steve swung for both teams, but he'd never brought it up with the other man. When he first started with The Commandos, Clint had just assumed that he wasn't
“It’s not like I even know where we are, Barton,” Loki said, with a roll of his eyes.
Tony felt some relief come to him knowing that Steve was still somewhere out there. Steve would protect him. It was almost ridiculous how fast Tony had started to trust Steve. Maybe it was the way he talked, or his piercing blue eyes that always seemed to convey a sense of security, but whatever it was, Tony had latched on instantly.
Tony groaned. “Oh, great, just what I needed. I get stuck with the new kid on the block. What luck. Tell me, good sir, how long do you think you’ll make it out there?”
Clint owed Steve everything; he knew he would spend the rest of his life trying to give as much back to the man who had saved him.
She didn’t tell him until it was too late – maybe it had always been too late. To this day, he still wasn’t sure if it was a blessing or a curse that he has managed to be by her side when she took her last breath. She was gone. And well, if she couldn’t keep her promise, then why the hell did Steve?
“Five,” he frowned.
Tony rolled his eyes, but held up his arm dutifully. “Bullseye,” Barton murmured, looking at the bullet wound.
“And then, what?” goaded Bucky.
“We do have the bigger guns,” Pierce protested.
“Clint, come on; let’s try and find him.” Tony and Clint raced off into the streets, but Natasha knew it was pointless.
“Go get some sleep or at least shower," Bruce pressed. "You won’t miss much, I promise.”
Steve turned just in time to see Thunderball placed a small grenade of Schmidt’s cape. “Kid, wait!” Steve shouted, chasing after the teen.
Tony bit his lip. “I mean, there’s nothing stopping us from doing some of those things. And you said it yourself, how would I know if I wouldn’t like it if I’ve never done it before?”
“Who told you?”
“Schmidt was in over his head, was too power hungry," Pierce replied. "But his ideals were enough to survive. We’re better this time, we’ll win this time.”
He could still feel heat of his anger smoldering in his veins. Cap bringing in Odinson in the way he did was a mistake, but Tony didn't exactly handle it with grace either. This game that they were playing with each other was childish, and after the consequences of today, Tony knew he had to change his tune. Maybe that's why The Captain invited him here, to finally sit with his family. An extension of an olive branch. It was the start of something more meaningful between the two of them; he knew it, Cap knew it. Barnes sure as hell did.
“Well, with everything going on, it’s going to be a little hard for me to be happy,” Tony chided.
Barnes hissed.
“Sure sounds like you’re whining,” Steve countered.
Steve returned it easily, ordering his usual meal.
“But somehow they were able to just waltz into both here and SI like they owned the place. Who knows what else they’re capable of,” sighed Natasha.
Bucky moaned, but Steve quickly put his hand over his mouth. “Shh!”
“You couldn’t have gotten to him, James,” Natasha answered. “The police would have arrested you before you got anywhere near him. You did the right thing.”
Without giving Sam a chance to argue, Natasha started to walk towards the door. She pulled it open slowly, taking in her surroundings. The cubicles were still empty, littered with the occasional office supply. She could kill Pierce with a pen – it wouldn’t be the first time – but she wasn’t sure she would be able to get that close. No, she needed Ward’s gun. That wasn’t what she was out here for, anyway. She stared at the elevator across from her and smiled.
Steve’s eyes slid shut at the mention on Tony’s name.
“Shhhhh.”
“I’m sorry. You want us to
“Using the stairs? Lame,” Tony said as the pair finally reached the apartment.
“No,” Yinsen repeated, knowing exactly what he was going to ask. “If they haven’t been in today, how would they have been able to tell me about The Captain?”
“It was your problem!”
“Fuck,” Clint hissed. “Alright, let’s do this.”
“Oh really? The great Tony Stark admitting he doesn’t know something? First the Rubik’s Cube, now this?”
“Past experience?”
Without even thinking, Tony burst from his chair and into The Captain’s office. The man sprang awake instantly, aiming his hidden gun towards Tony immediately. Upon seeing Tony however, his face crumpled in embarrassment, the gun falling away quickly. “Sorry,” he forced out, still breathless with adrenaline. “What’s up?”
Steve clenched his fists. “We’re here for Phil.”
“He basically confessed to me yesterday,” Tony confided. “He’s dealing my weapons under the table, giving them out like candy to the monsters under our beds. Obie’s good, but not better than me. He’d have left a trail. And I can find it to you. And,” he added, “if that’s not enough, I will sign whatever form you want, giving you full permission to sweep through SI’s internal servers.”
“Jesus,” Tony moaned. “Isn’t that just great.”
“He- he told me something else. About Tony.”
“No, Nat. You know, you don’t have to go around and flirt with anything that breathes. Keep it in your pants.”
“Steve- ”
Mission accomplished, Tony changed the subject. “You have a nice little chat with that Hammer drone?”
Tony hummed. “Barnes says hi.”
Steve swallowed thickly. “It’s about Phil.”
“So he says,” Pietro murmured quietly.
the accented voice asked in return.
“It’s just a minor setback. Regardless of anyone dying in that explosion or not, The Captain is still vulnerable and you know that. Yes, I regret not informing you of my plan, but action needed to be taken. That kid has had too much power for too long; I needed to knock him down a few pegs. And now? Now he’s right where we want him. He’ll get desperate. It’s the perfect time to finish them.”
"Me? What good am I?"
He could feel the heat of Bucky’s gaze on his neck. “What did you say?” the other man asked quietly.
“Tell him he’s sleeping on the couch,” came Stark’s final reply before he ended the call.
Thanks to all who have waited patiently and who are still along for the ride. And as always, I'd love to hear and feedback, what you like/don't like, questions, suggestions, or anything else of the sort.
Tony stopped yet again, looking around. Walking to the left of them was a young woman, balancing shopping bags in both of her arms.
Steve growled in frustration, pushing Tony to the ground. “I do! This happened, didn’t it?!” Steve gestured around the devastation. “You killed him, didn’t you?! Admit it!”
Tony threw his head over his shoulder, quickly checking that his body was blocking the view of the camera nestled in the top left hand corner of their cell. “Well,” he started, gathering some of the wax paper sheets they’d been provided with. “Here’s what I’m thinking,” he finished, straightening the pile out under the light, each page adding a different puzzle piece to complete the picture.
“No, but I think as business men we can pick up where we left off. Especially with the information I have for you.”
Steve walked away from Loki, stepping away to look out the broken front window. This was wrong.
Tony wanted to slam his head against the steering wheel. He knew it was only a matter of time before he found himself turning into his father, hell bent on destroying his child’s dreams. “Right now, the world just wants us to fit in,” Tony tried to placate. “And to fit in, we just gotta be like everybody else.”
Tony gasped for breath as he squeezed his head. He glanced up to look at his tired and crazed eyes at the mirror adorning the far wall. Tony took one last deep breath before making up his mind.
“You cannot be serious,” Steve gaped at him.
Steve put his hands up in surrender, but kept pressing forward. “Hill, listen to me. My loop, he’s coming here. All we have to do is wait him out, and kill him right here. It’ll all be over.”
They finally had a location.
“The people that took you?”
“Still,” Steve continued, pulling Clint from his thoughts. “What if someone did catch you? Clint, they could have thrown you in jail! The FBI could have broken our arrangement with everyone and- ”
Crude metal clamped over his arms, pinching his skin, but Tony paid it no mind, instead focusing on the wires that connected to his arc reactor. “Are you sure this is going to work?” Yinsen asked.
Steve huffed, grabbing the club out of Tony’s hands, heading over to the garbage.
“I like hearing you talk.”
"Wait," Steve said softly.
“What makes you so special?” he couldn’t help but blurt.
job.”
“Wait, there’s a bomb!” Steve reached out, grabbing onto Schmidt’s show, the two flying erratically in the air.
Bucky looked back up at Steve with tears in his eyes. “Steve. I-I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t. I had to see.”
Steve frowned, looking at the ceiling. “You saw for yourself. JARVIS wasn’t on; there wasn’t any way for him to get the message out.”
Tony stared at his suit hanging in front of him. The team’s latest encounter with Doom had left a few more dents than Tony was happy with. He was elbow deep in the armor, portable soldering iron clamped between his teeth.
“And it always is, isn’t it?”
“Anything,” Steve answered immediately.
“Are you really having a sexual crisis right now?”
Clint scrambled out of bed and over to the window, swearing when he saw who was now standing in his driveway. Lucky whined again.
“What about the FBI? They’ll have enough evidence to arrest him.”
“Have you ever seen this man?” Hill was saying. She handed Tony a picture of Steve.
After the man had gone down, a quick knock to the head and he was out cold. Which seemed nice at the time, but Tony was anything but patient. Waiting for the man to regain consciousness was like watching ice melt. This man could provide the answers both he and The Captain were desperate for. If this was just some antsy mob that got too cocksure, or if HYDRA really had returned from the grave. Tony hoped for the former.
“Tony. I’m still on my way: I just need to stop at headquarters first. Call me if anything happens, and please stay safe.”
But Steve was gone, running down the hallway, just shouting out another, “
“Yes,” Steve whispered.
“Who are they?” Steve asked, flipping through the file.
“You got it, Daphne,” winked Tony.
Bucky’s eyes shifted to the other lump on the couch, Clint not looking up at the rest of the group, idly picking his nails.
After a quick goodbye to the officers, Steve raced back over to his car.
Well hot damn.
“I admit to killing them.”
And hadn’t that gone just swimmingly?
Clint spun around on his heels, running up to the screen.
Hill sat down in the other arm chair, facing towards Steve. Rage burned through his veins.
The room was cleared out; The Captain and his men had already left.
“Yes, ma’am,” Barnes drawled. And oh look, turns out The Captain’s best friend just oozed the same amount of charm and power in military dress. Well as much as one could with one arm.
“Deal,” Clint replied instantly.
Thor had lost count of how many HYDRA bases they had raided, their battle still unfinished without the location of Loki’s scepter.
Tony shuddered. “But did they- ”
“You think?”
Realization hit Clint like a ton of bricks. “The speakeasy,” he whispered. The group was moving in an instant, scrambling to load the vans. Tires screeched and horns honked as the crew sped back to their home.
“Happy! Listen, if I forgot about another meeting, I promise I’ll- ”
Steve rubbed his hand over his face, exhaling loudly. They’d come so far; there was too much at stake now. It was so much easier when they were on their own sides, when they were on their own. The jumbled mess that they made together kept Steve’s brain spinning, even getting him to question his own allegiances.
Steve nodded. “You see, Ms. Potts. Tony isn’t ignoring your call. He hasn’t answered because he’s been kidnapped.”
“So?” Steve tried to prompt Stark in the right direction.
Steve's voice filtered in his head.
Hill shrugged. “It’s hard to tell. Stark was able to dismantle the organization known as AIM when he took down the Mandarin, but there could have been others that were injected or got their hands on a sample.”
of them. He’d promised to protect them, to stand with them as their brother in arms. There was once a time where whispering ‘The Commandos’ on the street had people running for cover. If only they could see them now. If only they could see the blank stares, the dull bodies. Powerful defenders and heroes, forgotten and left to rot, like marble statues crumbling in a desolate garden.
Tony could feel his phone vibrate within his hands.
Bucky pursed his lips. “We haven’t been the only ones lying.”
“No! No, you don’t get to say that.” This wasn’t real. It couldn’t be real. No, Tony had just finally broken his unspoken rule of leaving the alcohol locked in the cabinet.
“Are you kidding me?”
“Well, you’re Tony Stark,” Steve started. “You’ve sat with generals, celebrities, foreign dignitaries. You’ve probably eaten at places that I couldn’t dream to get a reservation in, eating meals that cost more than my total grocery bill, wearing clothes that I’ve only ever seen in pictures. I would never be able to compete with that. But I don’t think you’d want me to," Steve confessed. Tony smiled into the blonde's chest. Steve had a way of knowing things about Tony that he didn't even know.
“Since my friend was shot and left to bleed out not one hundred feet away from here,” Bruce replied evenly, walking back over to the body. “And since we aren’t getting the answers we should be.”
“Steve,” Bucky forced out, his heart rate accelerating.
“Jesus, Clint. Calm down, I’m not dead or anything.” Tony’s remark only made Clint sob harder. “Wait a second. Where the hell have you been?! Steve and I have been trekking all over this goddamn earth looking for you!”
Phil had answered, like he was offended that Clint doubted him.
“I said,
Steve shook his head, unwanted memories of Bucky pulling fruit out of his trousers filtering through his head.
Clint shoved the burger Tony was holding into his mouth. “You talk too much.”
Even if Hammer was working with HYDRA, there was no way they didn't view him as something dispensable. Considering the fact that no effort had been made by HYDRA to try and get him back, Steve guessed that the rival mob was confident that he didn't know anything worth saving. With that in mind, it had him and the rest of the group desperate to try and get something out of Loki.
“This is why they never came back,” Natasha concurred, hand over her mouth in shock. “Why we never heard back from any of them. It looks like they’ve been down here for months.”
he wanted to say. Something told him that she would not be amused. “Yeah, of course,” he replied instead. “Just make sure that the wire doesn’t touch the socket wall. Pretend you’re playing Operation.”
“Then how do you suggest we get inside?”
Tony knew what he had to do. There was no way that he could sit idly with this; he couldn’t burden this alone. Telling Steve was a must. But now, sitting hours later after the press conference, Tony knew that it was too late. He’d already made the wrong decision by walking out of that building without Coulson, and walking out with Steve none the wiser.
“Crispy?” Tony gawked. “Steve you sent your marshmallows to the fiery pits of Hell. I mean, you aimed right for the center of the fire. If there was ever a question as to how you ended up as a mob boss, they’ve all been answered no. This just screams childhood trauma.”
The other man shook his head quickly, his eyes darting between Steve and the floor.
“Jesus,” Natasha groaned, hand already coming up to cover her nose. “You really couldn’t pick a better location for this place?”
Another sigh. “No, Steve. That’s not good. That’s
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. He blinked open to watch a sea of agents push Steve’s body away from him.
“Hey there,” Tony’s voice filtered into his thoughts. “You alright? You look like you’re hiding from the cops.”
He ran over to Yinsen, dropping down onto the floor loudly next to him. What Tony had assumed as the man ducking for cover, was a man curling around his wounds. Blood soaked through the ragged shirt that Tony had laughed at every day as the man had attempted to keep it clean.
“It matters because you,” Fury replied, pointing to Steve, “claim that all the files are in hard copies. Unless you’re lying- ”
The Captain looked down at his hands. “I know you don’t think much of me, but this… I never intended for- ” he broke off with a huff. “I posted two men at the hospital, just in case HYDRA came back to try and finish the job.”
“If not now, when?” Steve asked. “You know we’ve been putting off saying something. We’ve had plenty of time to talk about how distant he’s been lately, but we never have? If we don’t do it now, we might never. Don’t you want to know why?”
before his body was locking, seizing up at an unknown force. He could faintly here Pepper calling for him, but the phone slipped from his grasp, his fingers frozen in in place.
“What the hell?!”
“You boys staying for dinner?”
“It’s okay, it’s okay, I’m here,” Steve tried to placate.
“Everyone here?” The Captain’s voice caused Tony to stir, finally taking in the rest of the room. He was happy to find out that Bruce Banner had been one to sit next to Tony, offering him a small smile when their eyes met. Spread around them were the rest of The Commandos, each in a different state of disarray; no doubt they had already heard what had happened. Odinson was leaning against the back wall with a stern face that Tony had never seen before. Barnes was seated next to The Captain, but was leaning away, most likely still licking his wounds from their earlier encounter. The brunette seemed to be blatantly ignoring the heavy looks he was being sent from Romanoff, but Tony couldn’t blame him. He didn’t think he could survive a look like that. Someone must have roused Barton, because he was there, sitting quietly with a lot more color than the last time Tony had seen him. The officer, Coulson, was there, and seriously, who let him in? The man was still in full uniform, gun and everything, and no one even looked at him twice. He was squished next to Barton, a blank look adorning his face, and an arm thrown protectively over the-
Steve shot one last glance at Tony. There was time for that later; right now, it was time to work. “Where is he?”
Natasha heard Stark end the call, his footsteps already coming towards her. She moved swiftly back across the floor, reaching the elevators and quickly stepped in. Thankfully the doors had shut before Stark could round the corner.
They were so damn close to finally getting their hands on The Captain and his new business partner. But, no. Anthony Stark had to, yet again, go ahead and ruin everything they’d worked for.
Steve shouted, fighting against Clint, trying to reach back for the already sobbing prisoner. With another growl, Steve flipped around, grabbing Clint by his own throat and pushing him up the wall, Clint’s feet barely touching the ground.
“Oh, well I’m glad that you stopped by. Because, you know, he didn’t know if you were alive.
Looking around, Steve saw how the flames were much more pronounced, the blonde unable to find the way that they’d even gotten in.
Steve’s lips curled into a frown. “Bucky, you could have gotten yourself killed. You’ve already lost an arm on my account; I can’t have you losing your life over- ”
Clint started to lead Thor out of the cell that Loki was currently housing, when Loki’s voice stopped them. “I can still help you.”
“A harmless request,” Steve grumbled. “God forbid we be charitable every once in a while.”
He stomped up the three flights of stairs, his feet heavy and uncaring of the tenants around him. He sidled over to a door marked as
Tony grumbled under his breath, pressing himself farther into the comfy couch. “Well, I’m
He couldn’t hurt Steve; it would break him.
Steve shrugged. “Got no other choice, really. Can’t let Fury take them.”
It seemed like The Captain and his crew had a spot for every-
Steve was on his way back to base, when he stumbled upon a curled up figure in a back alley. Steve found himself stopping when he recognized a familiar sweatshirt.
Tony stood up slowly, surveying the now crowded room. Since they had thrown Coulson’s hat at his feet, Tony sprang into action. He wouldn’t dare give his captors another chance to attack another one of his people. Of course, there was no way in hell that he would make a Jericho for the Ten Rings, but Tony could just throw around a few technical terms and have those Neanderthals fooled.
The voices were gone.
Which left nothing viable except for the
“You’re doing it, honey,” Steve concluded, not even looking up from the newspaper in his hands. Steve tensed, feeling the exact moment that Tony’s glare zeroed in on him.
“Yes, you will,” Pierce replied darkly. “And keep this to yourself. I don’t want any other officers poking around.”
They had to get over to him. Bruce would be able to fix him up, no problem.
"Someone is trying to gain access without identification."
“I can’t,” Tony replied, eyes wide. “I can’t do this, Phil.”
“So even when were apart, you’ll know what I’ve done after I do it?”
Steve clenched his jaw, feeling the phone groan under the pressure from his grip. He yanked the phone away from his ear and dialed again.
