Cas ushered them both towards the door, locking up and following them both down the stairs and out of the building.
It was cold outside so Dean let Castiel borrow an old fleece jacket, considering that his trench coat would do little to keep him warm, and half an hour later they were making their way to the park.  As they neared the gate Castiel stopped and pressed a hand against his side, his face screwed up in pain.
"I'll admit that, yes, I was jealous."  Another scratch of pen on paper as something else was circled.  "I'm not proud of it.  But I realised that dwelling on my unrequited feelings for you wasn't healthy, so decided to try to get you 'out of my system', so to speak."
.  Loves when he's starts blowing Cas but finishes getting face-fucked until Cas is coming down his throat.
"Like a plan," Dean grinned. "I'll see what I've got in the cupboards – there's not much, but I should be able to scrape something together that'll survive the cooking process."
In the living room Castiel stripped down again before getting into bed, and he paused when he felt the small bottle of pills that was still in his pocket. The sound of Dean throwing up again pulled him from his thoughts and he tossed the jeans aside until morning.
"One soda, and one beer," Ash said, placing them down in front of them as Jo and Ellen made their way back behind the bar.
Castiel sat in silence for a moment, aware of Dean's gaze burning into him as he twisted the fabric of his t-shirt in his hand. "Do you think that you and Sam will ever sort out whatever bad blood there is between you?" he suddenly asked quietly.
"Not the point," Dean said, leading them back to the car.  "You are a part of this family, Cas - don't ever forget it."
He turned around, intending on telling her to stop objectifying him, but stopped himself when he saw the adorable blush colouring Castiel's cheeks.
Castiel glanced up at him, head cocked to the side and brow furrowed as he tried to dissect the meaning behind Dean's words.  "Dean?" he murmured hesitantly.
Dean was still looking at him funny as he stumbled his way through a poor explanation for his poorly chosen words.  "Cas, don't laugh if I'm barking up the wrong tree but, you don't... like... have a thing for
"Dean," Cas said quietly, scraping at the filling half-heartedly.  "Please, don't make a scene.  Let's just eat our pie and leave."
and... and... and a little bit scary, if he was being honest.  But at the same time, when it was just the two of them, it was oddly freeing.  Like all the crap he carried didn't matter, because Cas knew and didn't hold it against him.  There was no-one else in their apartment so, before he could change his mind, he grabbed Cas's hand and gave it a squeeze.
His hips bucked involuntarily when he came, a gasp of Dean's name on his lips.  Feeling his heart-rate gradually return to normal, Cas leaned back against the shower wall to steady himself.  The cold tile contrasted the hot flush spreading across his body.  As he opened his eyes slowly, he let out a sigh, wishing Dean were right there with him
"Of course I did!  Do you think I'd give him free reign of the apartment because I'd love it if you kept me awake all night sneezing?"
"Is more work really a bad thing?" he asked, wondering how soon it would be before Cas realised there was no extra money coming in - if he hadn't already.
Castiel chuckled.  "Okay." There had been a time when he'd have reasoned with himself that if it was a joke it didn't count - that if he didn't mean it he wouldn't go hell - but now he could discuss these things relatively comfortably.  Though moreso with Balthazar than with Dean, for he was a lot more comfortable with expressing and talking about his sexuality.
to us - we managed without you.  I didn't want you to feel like you were forced into staying with us.  And let's be honest - you weren't exactly the best of role models back then."
"All things considered," Sam admitted.  There was a moment's pause before he said, "Jess told me she called you."
Ellen turned her furious expression from Dean to the stranger.  "You're barred," she told him, her voice lower and deadlier than Dean had ever heard it.  "And so help me, if I
The elephants, unfortunately, weren't co-operative when it came to taking their photo.  One of them even sprayed water in Castiel's direction, much to Dean's amusement.  He jumped back instinctively, even though the water landed several feet away, and pouted as he dried his camera with the sleeve of his jacket.
Dean heard the shower running and looked at the clock - a little after six.  He dragged a tired hand across his face, before hauling himself out of bed.  It was too early to get up - especially considering how little sleep he'd gotten - but at the same time it felt too late; too late to make things right with Cas.
"Well that means you get to keep working here as well, right?  I mean you'll need the money if you're going back to college."
"What—" he started to ask, but Cas was already unbuckling his belt and getting out of the car.  "Son of a bitch," he muttered, signalling and performing an illegal u-turn as Cas dashed back to the garage.
Cas finished chewing and swallowed.  "I have no idea.  But someone just took a flaming tennis ball through the chest."
love, but he and Ben hadn't exactly gotten off to the best start and he wanted to assure him he cared.  "What do you think?" he asked when Dean said nothing.
He gingerly sank into the water, letting out a contented sigh once he was lying the full length of the bath.  The hot water eased his muscles, stiff from having been sitting still most of the day.  He wasn't sure he felt up to going out for a walk, but he could do some stretches later to loosen up further.
"Cas, I don't know what it is that you want me to say!" Dean exclaimed, angry at himself for not being able to find the right words.  He wasn't even sure that if he knew the right words to say, he'd be able to get them past his lips.
, is what I'm saying.  I knew what I was doing and I was good at it.  I am good at it.  But with you...  It's
said," Cas growled quietly, snatching his hand away.  He stood up and moved to select his preferred ball from the rack, despite the fact it was still Ben's turn.
He glanced over at Cas, who was staring intently at the screen on front of him, fingers tapping wildly at the keyboard.  As he'd done the past few days, Castiel had asked for silence as soon as he'd given Dean a task.  Neither of them had said a word since, and it was suffocating.  It wasn't like that morning they'd woken up together had meant anything, right?  So it shouldn't be so uncomfortable.
Cas kissed him again, trailed his tongue slowly across his skin.  Dean's eyes fluttered shut at the sensation, enjoying Castiel's touch without having to worry that Ben might see.  When he sucked lightly over his pulse, a shiver ran through his body.  "Cas..." he moaned.
He talked for twenty minutes, catching Dean's brother up on everything that had happened recently.  Sam did his best to comfort him as he cried, mourning Bobby and fearing for Dean's well-being.  He'd been trying so hard to hold it together, to be there for Dean, that he hadn't allowed himself to grieve as much as he needed to.
Not so alone after all, then.  He closed his eyes, hoping that Cas would go away if he stayed quiet, and he began to wonder if he'd imagined it when there was no further sound.  He disentangled his limbs from the bed covers and got shakily to his feet, leaning on the wall with one hand to support himself as he moved to the door.  He pulled the door roughly open to find Castiel standing there, hand raised as if he was still trying to summon up the courage to rap on the door.
Dean looked at his hands again.  "Next thing I know my dad's yelling at this guy to get away from him."  His eyes glazed over, replaying the memory in his mind.  "Dad hauled him away from me and dragged me out of there.  Didn't say anything the whole way home.  He probably didn't know
kind here!" Dean shot back, leading to scattered laughter.  Belatedly realising how his words had put him in the same boat with Cas, he tried to make himself clearer.  "Fucking homophobes!"
Her expression made it clear that she remembered him.  "Take a seat," she stated coolly.  "Ms Barnes is running late."
He answered the telephone a little too harshly when it rang.  "Oh, sorry.  Hello, Sam," he said, when Dean's brother greeted him.
Dean dragged a hand down his face.  She wasn't wrong.  "Things are...  Well, they're not that bad now."
"He didn't care if they were male or female, but he had so much sex that Sam even considered signing him up for
He sighed and reached for the book of puzzles that Dean had brought him and flipped through it.  Stopping on a random page somewhere near the middle of the book he started reading through the crossword clues, but found he couldn't focus on the words.  He tossed the book aside angrily and ran a hand through his hair.  Why did Dean have to make Balthazar feel uncomfortable?  Why couldn't Dean just be
"What was it you were saying about me cooking?" Dean teased once the kitchen was clearer and they'd collapsed back into bed.
"Where's your head at, boy?  You've got almost all your annual leave left to take – I'm not going to leave you with nothing.  So you just get that boy back on his feet, and I won't see you 'til next week!"
And he had long dark eyelashes to match the dark stubble - eyelashes that suddenly flicked up, as if aware of Dean's thought process, to reveal bright blue eyes that turned to look at him.
Even hundreds of miles away, Cas could feel Sam's embarrassment.  "He loves you very much," he told him, to try and ease his discomfort.  And, because it was the truth.
Pamela let the question hang in the air for a second before answering.  "I noted that you're pacing and it might be an indication of your inner turmoil."
He went straight to the kitchen when he got in, washing his hands and then raiding the vegetable drawer.  The peppers were going a little wrinkly, so he dug them out.  Now, what could he do with them?  Rummaging through the cupboards, he pulled out a tin of chopped tomatoes, a half-used pack of lasagne sheets, and some dried herbs.  Returning to the vegetable drawer, he grabbed the aubergine and the pair of small courgettes that were left over from the ratatouille he'd made a few days ago.
But when he walked into The Roadhouse, he stopped dead - his heart sinking like a stone when he spotted his boyfriend kissing an unfamiliar woman.
"He's got to have grown up a lot," Dean continued as if Cas had never interrupted.  "I don't know if he'll still be the same kid he was when Lisa left with him."
consider him a friend.  Although he was one regular among many, she and her mother cared about him.  He was hard as nails on the outside, but deep down she thought that his steely exterior protected a kind heart.  And right now, she was very worried about him.  She knew Dean liked a drink – more than was healthy – but she'd never
"How about a compromise?" Cas suggested.  "I'll find someone else to take him, but he stays until then?"
Chuck Norris meowed pathetically.  When Castiel finally released his grip on him, he scampered off to the opposite side of the room where he began grooming himself.
Dean's eyes were brimming with unshed tears, and he swallowed hard around the lump in his throat as he nodded his acceptance of Castiel's words.  He didn't necessarily believe them himself, but he believed that Cas believed them.
want someone to help shoulder the weight he carried.  Someone who could help pick him up when he was just too damn tired of everything to go on.
Dean focused less on Castiel's words and more on his voice to keep him afloat, as the sinking feeling in his stomach threatened to pull him under.  Fear.
Dean's eyes widened and his mouth formed a silent 'oh' of realisation, before realising that he should probably be offended and scowling.
"You can't imagine how difficult it is to try to get washed in the toilets at the bus station – and that's if you can get in, because sometimes there's a charge to get in and that's thirty cents that could go towards a sandwich, so you're forced to sacrifice your personal hygiene for nutrition." He finally looked up at Dean. "So yes, I may seem easily pleased to you, Dean, but that's because I know what it's like to go without these things."
Dean exhaled, mentally berating himself for getting all worked up and worrying Cas. "I'm not upset, Cas. I just don't like shopping."
"You are, and always will be, my friend," Cas told him.  "No matter what happens.  But I would prefer we were more than that."
Cas snatched his hand away before the kitten could pounce on it again.    "Well, then, what about socks?" he suggested next, eyeing the kitten's little white paws warily.
"What?" he asked, looking back over his shoulder, thinking that perhaps he had something on his back.
Dean snorted himself awake.  "'S just another dream," he mumbled, eyes screwed shut to keep the tears at bay.
Castiel averted his gaze from Dean as he stood up to leave and nodded. Either Dean was a gift from God – a gift he didn't deserve – or more likely he was temptation from the Devil.
There was no point in hanging out by himself and being miserable on a Friday night, he decided as he viewed the contents of the nearly-empty fridge, so he reheated some of the pie he'd bought at lunch, washed it down with a bottle of beer, and jumped in the shower before heading off down to Ellen's for the night. He figured he might manage to hustle a few games of pool first, and
Jo stood quietly the whole time, never breaking eye contact with Dean.  "I know it sounds bad," she started, "but it was just some friendly banter.  And I
to fall apart.  What he had with Cas was terrifying and new, but also the best damn thing that had ever happened to him.  Without him he'd never have cleaned up his act:  taking it easy on the drink and making amends with Sam; developing a social life and becoming a father to Ben.
life.  I want to be a brother," he said, looking at Sam.  "Maybe even a brother-in-law?" he asked, giving Eileen a look that caused her to blush and Sam to kick him under the table.  "And a... partner," he finished, looking at Cas.  He wasn't sure what the right word was to describe what he wanted with Cas, but he had time to figure it out.
His bout of sickness seemed to have passed and, though Dean had tried to persuade him to take another day off, Cas had insisted on returning to work.  It wasn't like sitting at a desk all afternoon was particularly strenuous.  But he hadn't been very productive, he admitted to himself as he looked at the paperwork waiting for him.  It wasn't like Bobby would know how much - or how little - work he got finished, but that knowledge didn't make him feel any less guilty about being paid to do the work he was currently neglecting.  Especially when, for the last few weeks, Bobby had been taking his bad mood out on the mechanics while Cas was isolated from his temper in the safety of the office.
Castiel stood there for several minutes, trying to force himself to relax.  Deep breaths – in through his nose; out through his mouth.  He trembled slightly as Dean's voice yelled at him, over and over in his mind.
child.  You have to build on your existing relationship with him in a way that you're comfortable with, and that suits you.  People don't always share their pregnancy news until they're past the first trimester so they can have more confidence that everything is going to be okay - I suppose a similar logic could be applied here.  And Sam should understand that, once any frustration fades."
, so he assumed he'd worked it out.  As he waited for the toast to jump up suitable browned, he found himself reaching for things that weren't there:  the jar of jam that Dean always left out to grow mould, despite Castiel telling him almost daily that it should be stored in the fridge and would keep longer if done so; the long-handled cappuccino spoon Dean claimed he had stolen from
"Get in here, dude," Dean insisted, failing to pull down the covers with Castiel's weight pinning them down.
"No.  I mean yeah, occasionally, but...  She has a son, Ben.  He's a great kid," Dean smiled fondly, and Castiel couldn't help but smile with him.  "I thought he might have been mine, 'cause we were together before, but...  I don't know."
"A soup kitchen.  The person who runs it is a friend of Father Reynolds, and they're short on volunteers, so a number of us are taking turns."
Castiel didn't say anything, and Dean yawned.  "Well I'm beat," he declared.  He stood up and leaned over Cas, pressing a kiss into his ruffled hair.  "Good night, Cas."
Balthazar cast a glance over his Castiel's shoulder, to where Dean was glaring at him from the kitchen.  "I'll see you soon," he promised, pulling Cas into a gentle hug.
Dean's breath caught in his throat at his brother's reply.  Once so familiar, it now felt strange to hear.  Good, but strange.  Was it a sign that things might start to improve between them, again?
"I don't need you to walk me to my car," she said, her sharp gaze enough to stop him in his tracks.  But she smiled as she settled into the driver's seat with a, "See you around."
"Do you think that's a bad thing?"  Dean held his breath as he waited for Cas to answer.  When Castiel's leg shifted and his knee deliberately touched his, he relaxed slightly.
"I hardly think mocking me on my first attempt is considered good sportsmanship," he grumbled.  Dean never meant him any ill will, so perhaps he thought he was just being funny.
"I went for a walk after I saw Pamela.  Caught up with Balthazar over coffee, had a look around the shops...  Brought lunch," he added, holding up the bag of burgers.
When he came out of the bathroom, Castiel found Dean in the kitchen brewing himself a coffee.  "I'm sorry," he apologised after a moment.  "I really didn't realise you were in there."
And with a clap on the shoulder, he left Cas alone.  And alone he was, for his cousin had disappeared while he'd been talking to Sam.  He looked around, wondering if there was another familiar face he could pick out from the crowd.  Unable to see anyone he knew - or rather, had known - he made his way to the kitchen to get a drink.
And when Dean tried to step back, he found he was prevented from doing so by two hands gripping his elbows tightly.
need to move," Cas said, although he wished he could lie there with Dean all day.  He sat up, rubbing a hand across his aching neck.
They walked round to the shallow end where Cas sat down at the side of the pool and, as Dean had suggested, dangled his feet into the water.
Dean definitely wanted to share his life with Cas; to be there for him, and have Cas there for him.  He enjoyed spending time with him, and when Cas was out with other friends Dean missed him even though he knew he'd be home after a while.  When they sat together - talking or silent, touching or apart - he felt... it was corny, but he kind of felt at peace with himself.  Like he was in a happy place, and life was good.  Spending time with Cas was pleasurable, and satisfying.
Out of habit he hit play on the cassette player as he drove off, before realising how rude it was. He was about to reach over and switch it off when he realised Castiel was absently drumming his fingers in time to the music.
"Oh," Castiel breathed, as he realised what a complete idiot he'd just been, jumping to conclusions about the man who'd been nothing but kind to him. "I'm so sorry, Dean, I didn't mean to be rude, I just—"
balance his time a little better, but things were quiet at the garage at the moment which meant there was room for him to work.  If things picked up, he might have to pack up the Lincoln and put it on hold.  And he'd already missed Cas's birthday...  "But can you wait to impersonate an octopus until
about his feelings.  He'd struggled to trust in Dean's acceptance at first, and to admit he harboured more than a crush for the man who, by chance, had come to his rescue when he was at his lowest would have surely been intimidating.
"Cas doesn't want me here," Ben told him angrily.  "He skipped out on us this morning, he didn't want to come swimming with us, and he doesn't
"Dean Winchester's residence," he said, looking at the bottle of pills as he twirled it around. Why hadn't he just put it back in the cupboard? "No, I'm sorry. I think you have the wrong number. ... That's quite alright. Goodbye."
"Whatever.  I'll probably fall asleep anyway," Cas said, dropping the broken shards of plate into the trash.
- he was looking at.  "There's a rather fun-sounding adventure movie on later that I thought might be—"
"Exactly. The women in these magazines do not accurately portray the vast majority of women in society, leaving them with unreachable dreams of conforming to the stereotypical male fantasy of what is 'sexy'."
Jo shot Dean a horrified look, clearly uncomfortable with her mother's matchmaking attempts given that she
The children sang the chorus even louder than the verse and, towards the end of the song, they screamed with excitement when Dean toddled in with a merry, "Ho ho ho!"
Dean clapped him on the shoulder.  "Not quite as easy a job as you'd hoped!" he exclaimed.  "I'll just, eh..."  He disappeared and left Castiel staring sadly at the beckoning paperwork.  He started on the nearest pile, intending to skip through and see what sort of order everything was in before starting, before realizing that they weren't arranged in any sort of order at all.  He sighed.
Dean dropped the bread onto his plate and carried it over.  He didn't touch the salad, except to pick out a couple of tomatoes, and his plate was empty in minutes.
She waited a moment until Dean blinked himself into awareness, his eyes unaccustomed to the lights after having been closed for so long.
Footsteps receded until the living room door slammed closed, and Castiel lowered himself down until his face was below the water.  The ceiling tiles blurred into one, then.  He wondered what would happen if he just didn't get up again, though he knew he would.
"You are a creature of habit, Dean Winchester.  Bad habits, admittedly, but still a creature of habit."
Dean didn't think Sam had said those three little words to anyone since Jess, and Dean himself had never said them; could never bring himself to say them.  He glanced at Cas in the mirror again, chest constricting at the thought of losing Cas again.  He'd lost him too many times, and was terrified that he'd lose him again.
Suffocating in the awkward and uncomfortable atmosphere, Castiel reached out hesitantly and laid a hand gently on Dean's arm, letting out a soft, "Dean."
Dean met Castiel's eyes in the mirror and held his questioning gaze.  "Oh, go on, then," he said, trying to sound like Cas had twisted his arm and he wasn't, in fact, a little curious.
The first thing Cas noticed when he turned round was the hardness in Dean's expression;  eyes were narrowed, lips pressed in a thin line; skin pale.
He stopped and stared at one of an angel playing the harp, with a glittery star dangling between its legs on a thread.  Curious, he pulled it gently.  The angel's arms and legs lifted up, and he laughed before he could stop himself.  He joined Cas in the queue and held it up to let him see, pulling the star several times.
"Text me and let me know you get the money okay." Sam's voice was emotionless again, and Dean knew he was being unfair on his brother, but he just didn't know how to make things right.
Castiel didn't hurry to catch up to Dean, and the guy clearly wasn't impressed with whatever Dean had said to him, but he turned and rummaged around in a couple of boxes before handing something to Dean.
Dean grinned like the big kid he was, his cheeks bulging.  Wanting to wipe that cheesy grin off Dean's face, Castiel launched a sprout at him.
"I know that you've told me your brother has left you, yet he is still a big part of your life.  You said Lisa left you, yet she's still letting you see Ben.  You keep bringing up Cas leaving you, yet he's living with you and you're trying to make a relationship with him work."
"So look, uh, I've been out of the game for a while.  How about we go back out there and start over.  Maybe let me buy you a drink?"
"A little bit less than a week, actually.  He arrived yesterday morning and he leaves on Friday afternoon."
."  Something to take his mind of the fact that Dean knew his secret and didn't seem to care, because
was when he grew frustrated with Dean and the glacial pace at which he was working to resolve his issues.
Lisa phoned after dinner to inform Dean that she would be flying out the next day to fly back with Ben.  The idea seemed absurd to him, until she admitted that she wanted to meet Cas.
Dean stared at the blank pad of paper, several sheets crumpled up and tossed in front of him.  A floorboard in the corridor creaked, announcing Castiel's return.  He was uncomfortably aware of Castiel just being
window - and they had only covered two of the three floors.  Not to mention Castiel had dragged him straight up to the third floor on the way in, so given they were working their way back down to the car he didn't have much of an excuse to give the last floor a miss.
"You piece of shit!" Dean yelled, fist slamming into the douchebag's jaw.  Pain flared through his hand but he barely noticed it.  There was nothing wrong with Cas being gay, and he wasn't gonna let
Castiel took the video box from Dean, a bemused expression on his face, and knelt in front of the video player.  He copied Dean's actions of simply pushing the video into the slot, and it disappeared into the machine.  The film started to play automatically, or at least it
Castiel hadn't found a job but he did have several rejection letters though, all saying the same thing – they were sorry but they were looking for applicants with more experience and/or qualifications, but they wished him luck.  He couldn't even secure part-time voluntary work anywhere.
At the mention of 'bed', Cas's feet started moving again, and they finished their journey across the room, finally collapsing on top of the covers
Dean froze for a second as he digested that small piece of information.  Slowly he resumed chewing, then swallowed.  "About?"
Dean ran his tongue across his lower lip and froze, remembering the feel of Castiel's lips pressed against them.  He shook his head at the thought.  "No."
"Dean I know you don't do 'tacky' decorations but when I was out for lunch with Balthazar I saw the most wonderful—"  Castiel fell silent as he stared at the tree in front of him.  "Dean," he breathed.
Dean abandoned the groceries on the kitchen counter and sauntered through to the living room, already on edge.  He dropped a puzzle book in front of Cas.  "I got that for you."
"Well, hopefully we haven't overloaded your brain and you won't forget everything by the weekend," she smiled at Cas.
"Of course," Castiel said, even though hearing the word 'friendship' almost broke his heart.  "You make me happy, too."
"Fine!" Dean held his hands up in surrender. "If you want to be doing laundry in the sink every other night, be my guest. But I've got to go get some lunch sorted – you hungry?"
Arriving back at the apartment after having waved goodbye to Ben and Lisa at the airport, Dean had barely closed the door when Cas was in his arms, kissing him eagerly.  He trailed kisses from his lips along his jaw, before burying his face in his neck.  "I love you.  And I love Ben.  And
Whether it was because he knew they were married or due to his conflicted feelings for Cas he didn't know, but his instinctual response to tell the guy he was barking up the wrong tree died in his throat.  Instead he let out a self-conscious chuckle, wishing he had a beer in front of him already.  Being able to down a beer would delay, however briefly, having to answer that question.
"I can buy you clothes myself, or you can come with me and choose them – it's up to you. Either way, you're getting new clothes."
"I think I may have gone a bit overboard," Castiel said, face flushed red as he reached for his glass of milk.
Castiel's brow furrowed. Of course he would accept Dean's apology and forgive him, but he was unclear as to what exactly Dean was apologising for.
"If I hadn't been there last night," Cas started hesitantly, as if afraid to hear the answer, "would you have told me?"
"Hey, Cas!  I brought burgers back from the diner," Dean yelled through as soon as he opened the door.  "They're not as good as mine, but—"  He cut off when Cas slipped his arms around his waist.
Throwing it out, he poured himself a bowl of cereal.  Without fresh milk he had to settle for splashing water over it, and he leaned against the counter as he silenced his stomach.  Once his grumbling had subsided, he raised his arm above his head and sniffed his armpit.  Pulling a repulsed face, he realised it had been a couple of days since he'd last had a proper shower.
"'Course he does, Cas," Dean smiled, squeezing Castiel's hand.  He took a deep breath.  "And d'you know what I'm thankful for?"
"I don't want any trouble," Cas growled in his ear. "And I have nothing of value, or else I wouldn't be sleeping on a park bench. Now be on your way."
"Is that how you feel?  Or are you just telling yourself that because you feel guilty about thinking it?"
The three of them scattered as Bobby stepped out, Andy and Benny retreating to the garage while Dean started wiping at a windshield with his cloth casually.
baseball," Castiel corrected him.  "I just don't understand why people get so excited about men hitting a ball and running around a square."
Sam sighed, and Dean would bet his next paycheck his brother was rolling his eyes.  "She got the most recent season of
Castiel nodded, and he could almost see the wheels turn in Dean's head.  "Why don't we go out and you can teach me how to play pool," Cas suggested.  "Just you and me.  And we won't leave each other."
Dean felt like a great weight had been lifted from him as the angel hugged him back; a weight he hadn't even realised had been dragging him down.
"Hey!" Dean called after him as he walked away, aware that he hadn't really thought through what he was about to say, or even whether it was a good idea to actually ask it - just that it felt right
something he did every morning.  He seemed heavily focused on ignoring Cas' presence as he stared intensely at the machine, pushing the buttons forcefully.
Castiel grabbed Dean's arm.  "Come with me."  He didn't give Dean much of a choice as he practically dragged him back into the living room and thrust one of the smaller presents into his hands.
He turned into the parking lot outside Pamela's office and let the engine idle until the song played out.
Castiel knew damn well that Bobby was more than happy to be getting his hands dirty in engine parts again now that he had someone else to take care of the boring office stuff.  "In which case, welcome to the twenty-first century."
"Why don't we go out?" Cas asked Dean as he finished his coffee.  It was a nice day and they'd spent the morning washing the car - with Dean scrutinising Castiel's every action, of course.
Balthazar would want to celebrate his birthday in a strip club – if it hadn't been his friend's birthday, he'd have declined the invitation.  Strip clubs were not places he wished to frequent.
Around about the time they usually started cooking dinner, Dean poured a little oil in a frying pan and turned up the heat.  As the burgers cooked, he kept telling himself that Cas would walk through the door soon.  Any minute now, he'd come home.
He was halfway through when even in his drunken state he was beginning to think taking a shortcut had been a bad idea when he noticed a figure on one of the benches. Slowing down, he considered turning back because this was a
When he reached the bright fluorescent sanctuary of the toilet, he felt foolish. What was wrong with him? There was no reason for him to be acting like this.  He ran cold water in the sink and washed his hands in the cold water far more thoroughly than was necessary.  Once the last of the soap had swirled down the drain he cupped his hands under the tap and splashed his face.
"I received a letter today confirming my application for a student loan," he told Pamela once he was invited in.  "It was successful."
As he relaxed once again in the hot water, he cast his eyes upwards.  It had been months since he'd first lain there, weakened and bruised.  He'd never asked Dean why there were tiles on the ceiling, he realised, but decided that it didn't seem like a decision Dean would have made.  His eyes wandered over to the toilet, from where Dean had sat and watched him.  He'd been so lost, then; convinced there was a place reserved for him in Hell.
"I don't know," Castiel shrugged, eyes brimming with unshed tears.  He hadn't known where he was going when he left home, either.
parenting decisions - like advising Ben to fight back against bullies - but he'd loved Ben and always wanted the best for him.  He'd just never imagined 'the best' would be not having him around.
Dean's stomach clenched at the almost bitter chuckle that Cas had let out. Cas couldn't leave him. He needed him. Not to look after, but just to be there. He didn't want to be alone again. It was weak of him, and he knew he was being selfish, but there had to be a way they could make this better. There had to be. Castiel couldn't promise him, however, so perhaps Dean needed to make him believe that his life was worth living. He just didn't know how, or even if he could.
And his best hadn't been good enough.  Not for Sam.  Not for Lisa, or Ben.  And it wouldn't be for Cas.
"I am a multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent," Cas reminded Dean patiently.  "It is the vessel that I am possessing that presents as male."  He squinted.  "I could take a female vessel, if that is something you would—"
But though he stayed up for a couple of hours to watch some rubbish film on TV, he didn't hear Dean come back.
Dean glanced over at the door, but stayed where he was.  "I don't want to be coming here for the rest of my life."
"So does Cas," Jody told him coolly.  "And that includes the right to drink wherever he damn well likes, unhindered by people like you."
," Cas cut him off, a pleased smile tugging at his lips.  So Dean may have trouble accepting his newfound interest in another man, but at least Castiel wasn't too far off his type.  "But you know, I'm not sure leaving your therapy session and heading straight to a bar to drink yourself under the table was a good idea."
"Hello, Lisa.  ...  I expect you'll want to know a little something about me.  ...  Very well.  I'm a Christian, and I attend church every Sunday.  I'm employed part-time at the same garage Dean works at.  ...  No, I'm not a mechanic.  I work in the office."
Immediately Dean's laughter faded.  "I'm in the middle of this," Dean told him, jerking a thumb towards the car he was working on.
Weighing up how much he had left on his plate versus how much room he had left in his stomach, Castiel decided that he'd had enough salad.  Dabbing his mouth with his napkin, he waited for Balthazar to finish so they could start the next course.
In his pocket, his hand curled around his phone.  Feeling as conflicted as he felt, he wished he could talk to Pamela.  He
Dean rolled his eyes, stared at the ceiling, and sighed.  Pamela didn't say anything - just sat there in silence, watching him.  In the silence of the room, the ticking of the clock became deafening as neither spoke.  He wondered briefly whether they'd spend the whole session like this, if he said nothing.
"I'm trying to see my ex's kid," he said, sitting back and spreading his arms openly.  "Are you happy?"
Before she even got a chance to respond, Dean nudged his glass, accidentally sending it toppling over on the counter.  "Top me up?"
Dean got to his feet, his skin crawling with the feeling of being watched, and he looked over his shoulder to find that umbrella-drink guy was
Castiel nearly dropped the keys, staring at him while his mouth opened and closed his mouth several times.  Clearly he hadn't expected Dean to apologise.  "It's okay," he heard himself saying.
"It's like she thought I needed looked after or something because I was flying alone," he said derisively.
"It's a time for reflection - to give thanks for all the good things we have received in the past year, ask that God look after those we've lost, and pray for his continued love."
"Have you suddenly turned into a 'True Facts' book, or is this your way of asking if we can cuddle?" he asked, amused.
A knot suddenly twisted itself so tightly in Castiel's stomach that he thought he'd be sick, and he couldn't stop the pained expression that clouded his face.
"Yeah," Dean agreed.  "If I haven't got a clean pair of boxers then I can wear these again tomorrow."
Dean swallowed thickly and looked down at his burger.  "I know I can sometimes put my foot in my mouth," he joked, changing the subject, "but I don't think I can get my mouth around
They sat and watched the kids playing tag on the climbing frame for a few minutes, and Dean was half aware of a couple of concerned glanced being sent in their direction – not that he could blame them, really – but no-one told them to fuck off and no-one hurried their kids home, so he supposed they didn't look too creepy.  He was just glad that Cas had left his trench coat at home.
But then Dean's tongue nudged against his lips and, when they parted, slipped inside.  It was warm and wet and a little weird, but excitement thrummed beneath Castiel's skin.
But of course Cas was inexperienced, and socially awkward, and probably had no idea how to let the guy down without being rude so was just going along with it to be polite.  Unless he was praying that
"Dean!" Castiel all but shouted at him, praying that he still had a job to go back to, no matter how temporary it was supposed to be.
The hundreds of books that used to clutter the shelves had been donated to the local library.  Sam and Dean had no need for the furniture so it had been loaded onto a truck yesterday, taken to a group who would split it up and give it to families who couldn't afford to buy their own.  It was like something out of a dream, for the rooms felt both larger and smaller in the absence of furniture.  The ripped and faded wallpaper that had once felt homely now gave the building a derelict appearance, and Dean didn't like it.  For years it had been
Cas smiled again.  "Thanks, Dean.  I just hope I haven't fallen behind with software updates or I'll have even more catching up to do."
Dean staggered forward, colliding with two empty chair, before stopping beside her.  "Hey, Jo!" he grinned, draping an arm around her.  "How's it going?"
Dean opened his mouth to dispute the fact as usual, but then conceded that maybe Cas was right.  "Okay, so I'm not a chef but maybe I
For a moment they just looked at each other, and Cas appreciated the crinkles around Dean's eyes when he smiled.  And his irises appeared greener than usual.  Perhaps it was the green plaid - the dark check was very flattering.
It took another second for Dean to realise the innuendo in what he'd said and he slowly sank back in his seat.  "Shit," he sighed, knowing there was no way he could take it back.  That's what he got for trying to be a smartass, he supposed.
A deep, throaty chuckle caused Dean to shudder.  Spinning round, he smacked Benny's hand aside from where it was miming grabbing his ass. Benny stared at him, eyebrows raised.  Benny.  The guy he'd worked with the past three years and had never once treated Dean like...  He took a couple of calming breaths, forcing his pounding heart to slow down.  "You're just jealous," Dean said, forcing himself to laugh it off.  He slapped his own ass for good measure.
thought of himself, and never expected anyone to see him as anything better than that.  But despite his low feelings of self-worth, there was something about Pamela's genuine concern for his well-being that made him think she saw something in him worth dedicating her time to.  So maybe he should put as much effort in as she was.  "But I'll give it a shot."
They sat there in silence, their breathing falling into an easy rhythm as the minutes ticked past.  After a while Castiel found himself brushing his fingers through Dean's hair, and Dean didn't protest.  Eventually Dean's breathing became heavier, until gentle snores rumbled in his throat.
"I mean it," he insisted, reaching for Dean's hand.  "This is clearly something very far outside your comfort zone, but you're doing it anyway.  It would be easy for you to say you weren't going to do it."
His relief echoed the feeling flooding through Dean for getting Cas back, and he glanced at the angel in his rearview mirror.
In the kitchen Dean was pacing, waiting for Sam to pick up the phone. He hoped Jess wouldn't answer, because he really, really wasn't up for another fight about what a shit brother he was, and how Sam deserved better, and how he should be more grateful whenever Sam had to bail him out of yet another one of his messes.
Though he'd only been minutes behind Cas, his friend was already in deep conversation on his phone when Dean got into the apartment.
Jody crossed her arms and met his irritated expression with a steely-eyed glare.  "If last night's anything to go by, probably disorderly conduct and resisting arrest."
"And I should get to work before Bobby tears me a new one," Dean said.  His boss was surprisingly lenient where therapy sessions were concerned, so long as he worked the time back.  That, however, meant Bobby was less likely to tolerate Dean slacking off.  "I only stepped in to say 'hi'."  He paused, smiling shyly.  "Hi."
"I'm sorry," Cas apologised, meeting Dean's eye and silently pleading with him to understand that he hadn't meant for any of this.
end up leaving, you can tell yourself that you were right - thereby reinforcing your belief that everyone leaves you so that you can continue shutting everyone else out.  It's a vicious cycle, brought on by avoiding the
"That's different from 'he deserves better than me', which is what you've said before," she pointed out.  "One puts you down, the other raises him up."
Cas spluttered into his coffee.  He'd left Pamela's office with the intention of heading home and putting on a load of washing before Dean came to pick him up for work, but he'd bumped into Balthazar on his way there and, before he knew it, they were standing in line for coffee.
When the clock struck five, Cas gave up on trying to sleep.  He switched on the light and dug out his knitting.
"The water heater's gone again."  Dean stepped back from Cas, eyes flicking down, tongue darting out to wet his suddenly dry lips.
He sucked in a breath as Dean moved to stand behind him.  He could feel the warmth radiating off him, and Dean was both too close and not close enough.
He knew that Dean didn't think much of it, but he liked it.  Besides, Dean couldn't be described as the
When they walked into the empty Roadhouse later that night and sat down at the bar, Ellen took one look at their long faces and asked humorously, "Who died?"
Dean's face hardened, and fist slammed unto the table in front of him as he leaned for ward to Castiel.
As the two doctors lowered to the floor, dropping out of frame, the screen faded to black and the commercials started to play.
His 'guest' obediently sat down at the table, and Castiel's shoulders sagged as he realised he now had company for the evening.  He swapped his plate for two small bowls and retrieved extra cutlery from the drawer.
"I come here once a week, which doesn't help my diet," Pamela chatted away.  "Have you been here before?"
An idea struck him.  They'd agreed to keep their hands above the waist, but that didn't mean they had to remain fully clothed...  He bit his lip as he thought of Dean, damp and beautiful and wearing nothing but a towel.  Dean's laughter rang through his mind:
Castiel frowned.  "Tell Bobby that I'll be back tomorrow, whether he wants me or not.  I'm getting cabin fever."
What Castiel wouldn't give to be able to go home and slot back into his old life – but he couldn't. He couldn't change who he was, no matter how much he might wish to. Fresh tears began to fall as the enormity of his decision finally hit him.
His concern for Cas was comforting.  "That's why I'm here.  You haven't seen him today, have you?" he asked urgently.
"Okay, curry and sweet and sour it is.  Do we just want to stick with beef and chicken?  Because I'm sure we can switch the meats if we wanted."
Dean sucked in a breath, and let it out over a long exhale.  "Have you ever noticed that we're very different?"
Cas could feel the sweat prickling at his scalp as he pivoted towards the door.  "I really don't think that's a good idea."
"Sorry, Bobby," Cas apologised for him smoothly.  "I didn't think to to call you - we had an emergency."
.  Though it wasn't like he and Dean were close in age.  He had laughter lines when he laughed, but they took years off him.  Or maybe that was his smile...  When Dean laughed, you couldn't help but laugh with him.  He rested his chin in his hand as his gaze dropped to the deep 'v' of Balthazar's neckline, where a silver chain lay over a light spread of hair.  Balthazar had a penchant for wearing v-neck shirts, the deeper the better, that clung to his strong, lean frame.  Dean, on the other hand, seemed to keep as much of his body hidden as possible - often beneath several layers of clothing.  Perhaps it was to disguise the softness around his middle, the softness that Castiel found so becoming.
Dean ignored his boss's half-hearted complaints as he walked out of earshot.  The phone rang and rang in his ear, until the call timed out with a
Dean grimaced, but rubbed a hand over his back - only just realising that Cas was shirtless.  His skin was clammy to the touch, and he was shaking slightly.  "Aren't you cold?"
Someone once left a comment specifically requesting a warning about unresolved relationship angst. I'm playing it safe and leaving that warning today!  (Sorry in advance, guys - but the scene
together.  He tore off the cardboard wrapper and, grabbing a sharp knife from the drawer, aggressively stabbed the film covering before shoving the curry in the microwave.  He set the timer for ten minutes and put the beer in the fridge, before making his way to the bathroom.
"When you talked about me sleeping with other people," Cas started, taking a shaky breath before continuing, "was it because you want to sleep with women?"
"It's not that I think they'd reject me, if that's what you're thinking.  My colleagues are not my father."
"No, sorry.  I was engrossed in this," he said, waving the letter it had surely been obvious he'd been reading.
are, and that your relationship with him will continue to strengthen.  I think it will be good for you, and good for Ben."
Sam had always told him he was as stubborn as an ass and, as he decided to buy it solely so that they were each getting something the other didn't like, he admitted to himself that there might be some truth in the comparison.
"Everyone's luck has to change at some point.  And you deserve the life you want - full of the people you love."
A hysterical giggle that didn't suit Castiel escaped his lips before he slapped a hand across his mouth.
"Except it's not just one fight!  This is the second one you've started in as many weeks - that I know of!  It was one thing to defend a friend, but now you're picking a fight with kids half your age—"
Cas kissed him to shut him up.  Then kissed him again because he wanted to.  "I love you," he smiled against Dean's lips.
Castiel resolutely kept his back to Dean as they got changed, until he was certain he had his trunks on.  He couldn't trust his gaze not to wander, and the last thing he needed was for Ben to catch him staring lustily at Dean's half-naked body.  As he turned to put his clothes in a locker, Castiel chanced a look at Dean - his strong arms, his freckled back, the softness around his belly.  His fingers twitched, and he had to ball them into the fabric of his clothes to stop from reaching out to him.  He wanted so badly to touch him, to explore every inch of his body, and feel Dean's hands everywhere on his.
kissed his mouth.  So Cas fisted his hands in Dean's Henley, pushing him away just enough that he could raise his mouth to meet Dean's lips.
Cas opened his mouth to respond but, before he could, Benny nudged him in the ribs and joked,  "Hurry along home, now, Cas - got to have dinner on the table for when Dean comes home like a good little househusband!"
Dean shook his head.  He didn't know how to put it into words; how to explain the dream - memory? - that was churning around in his brain.
Dean was very good and quickly won the first game by a large margin, but when Castiel told him so he shrugged the praise off dismissively.  "Anyone would look good next to you, Cas!" he joked uncomfortably.  "I haven't played in a long time.  It's good to get the chance to come here, play a couple of games, and have a laugh."  But Castiel was still of the opinion that Dean was a good player, even when he managed to win the second game by a mere three points.
Unfortunately, Pamela's sessions seemed to bring him down again for she seemed determined to get him to open up about his father.
"Cas," he mumbled sleepily, trying to untangle himself from the other man's arms, though they only tightened their grip.  "Cas!" he tried again, slightly louder.  As he tried to nudge his friend off of him, he turned to his friend only to be greeted by warm lips pressing against his own.  He froze for a second, feeling like his heart had stopped.  "Dude, what the hell?!" he shouted a second later, prying Cas off him and rolling away so fast he fell out of bed with a grunt.
As his gaze fell on Cas, lips wrapped around the straw instead of the side of the glass, a highly inappropriate thought pushed its way briefly to the front of his mind.
Dean looked simultaneously angry, horrified, and sympathetic. "Castiel," he said sadly, "don't you have any friends that would have helped you out?"
"Cas?" he asked, knocking lightly on the door, but it swung open and the bathroom was empty. Dean had expected that Castiel would still be there this morning, considering how well they'd gotten on the day before. Had he done something? Said something to offend him? He couldn't think of anything, but then he couldn't think of much at the moment. Maybe Cas just didn't like him. He trudged back to the kitchen for a caffeine hit, seriously contemplating going back to bed, when he saw the note taped to the coffee pot.
Two minutes later – for Sam had to brush his hair, the girl – Dean was opening a large object wrapped in yesterday's newspaper.
As Cas moved his head to press a kiss to Dean's neck, over the spot that sent tingles down his spine, that familiar unease reared its ugly head  In response, he hugged Cas even tighter.  He'd decided to give therapy a chance so that he and Cas could have a future together, but if he couldn't get over these issues then he and Cas wouldn't
Castiel immediately felt guilty. He went to bed early but lay awake, unable to sleep. Dean had been nothing but good to him, and yet all Castiel seemed to do was keep him at a distance and push him away when he got too close. He reasoned with himself that it would hurt less when Dean found out the truth and told him to leave, but it didn't change the fact that he liked Dean; liked having him as a friend.
"Oh, yeah?"  Alastair looked him up and down in a way that made Dean's skin crawl.  "Then how come I haven't seen him before?"
Cas looked at him, food forgotten in his mouth as he stopped chewing, and smiled.  Shifting closer, he let his head fall on Dean's shoulder.
Dean flinched at the blunt truth of her statement and she seemed to sense that, in her desperate attempts at getting Dean to open up to her, she'd pushed too far, too hard, too fast.
"That's really good!" he declared through a mouthful of meat, juices dribbling down his chin. For once he didn't give a shit about table manners as he took a second bite before he'd swallowed his first.
Dean checked under the table, on the chairs, and the window ledge.  He really couldn't see where else that damn cat could have gone.  Searching for the cat wasn't how he'd planned on spending his evening, but nevertheless he joined Castiel on the floor and started searching through the next cupboard.
"I've got a friend staying with me for a while – indefinitely. I need a bit of extra money for food."
," he read aloud.  He took Dean's hand and placed the pieces in his palm.  "He cares about you," Cas said firmly.  "However strained your relationship is, he
Dean grinned.  "Alright, alright."  He kissed the top of Cas's head again, despite the other man's protests that Dean had already done it, and raced out the door.
Cas tipped his head back with a frustrated groan, eyes closed and bottom lip paling between his teeth.
Castiel quickly yet smoothly rocked the knife back and forward across the chopping board, leaving a neat pile of chopped red chillies in its wake.  The dulcet tones of Debussy's
Dean knew exactly which church to which Castiel was referring, and shook his head. It would have taken the guy well over an hour to get there on foot. He looked at the clock again, thinking about going to pick him up. What time would he get out? Scratch that – what time did church even start? He glanced back at the note.
There was no response, so he carefully lifted his hands to Dean's collar and unbuttoned the top button; the smell of stale sweat, nicotine and alcohol making his nose wrinkle.  Dean let him, so he worked his way down.  The cuffs were next, and then Cas removed the shirt, not knowing why he was bothering to roughly fold it in half and half again.  He cupped Dean's face and brushed a thumb across his cheek.
Castiel slowed, jogging on the spot as he turned to look at him.  He hadn't realised Dean had fallen so far behind.  As he waited, he took in the sight of Dean's face; flushed and damp, hair sticking to his forehead.  He wondered if he looked like that after a vigorous round of sex.
"I'll 'oops' you!  Gimme that!"  He grabbed the hose from Andy, ignoring Dean's laughter-filled pleas, and turned it on Dean.
"You'll burn yourself!" he scolded the man.  Then he sighed in defeat.  "Just...  Sit down and I'll bring some over to you when it's ready."
"I'm tired," he lied and - thankfully - Balthazar left him alone, squeezing his shoulder in silent support as he passed.
Castiel's eyes rolled so far back they hurt, but he wasn't going to start another argument.  "Why don't you ask Lisa if you can see him?" he suggested.
need some Dutch courage to relax fully around him now; a few drinks in him to reduce the voices in his head to a whisper that could be ignored.
one turns him into a horny teenager again?!  Though, thankfully, without the spontaneous boners.  Now
Relief crossed Dean's face then, standing up, he closed the space between them.  "So, I didn't get you a Christmas present.  I didn't know you were coming home, after all."
"You never outlined the number of scoops included before you ran away," Castiel said, poking him in the side.
face - as he brushed his thumbs across his cheeks.  His heart was hammering in his chest because he'd never been so afraid in his life.
Castiel managed to get another couple of hours sleep, and the next time he woke up he was feeling much better – though whether it was down to the extra sleep or the Paracetamol he wasn't sure.
It was a quiet drive home; neither speaking as music played in the background.  Though Cas tuned out the sounds as he dwelled on his concerns over Ben's upcoming visit.
"Well there are two of us now, Dean." Castiel cast a sideways glance at him. "For the time being, at least."
"Do you want to check the call log?" Dean asked defensively, projecting his frustration with Lisa onto Cas.
"Nah," Dean shrugged. "You just remind me of Sam, that's all - I get him. Or at least, I used to," he corrected himself quietly.
"Yes, I'm glad you have friends who'll take care of you when you refuse to take care of yourself," Cas told him.
Dean tried to say something that came out in an incoherent mumble, but his expression of pleasure was obvious.
"I should really be going," he said, his sleep-addled brain still trying to digest everything that Dean had just said to him.
He wasn't sure how long it had taken him to drift off, but he was woken after what didn't feel like very long by rain falling on his face.  It took him a moment or two to realise what it was, and once he had he dragged himself up off the bench and hurried to find somewhere that would provide even minimal shelter.
Cas took a moment to stifle a fresh burst of laughter, then trailed a hand down Dean's back to cup his ass, giving it a squeeze.  "We're not sixteen anymore, Dean.  Neither of us can get it up again this quickly.  And we should get some sleep - Claire's going to be waking us up at about four am to tell us that Santa's come."
"No, it wasn't," Dean conceded.  "But I got that same feeling with Benny, when he was joking about..."  He couldn't even say it.  But he didn't need to, because Cas knew what he was talking about.
"I talked to the doctors there," Sam continued.  "Individual therapy, group therapy - it helps.  It sucks, but it helps.  And you get used to it.  Opening up becomes easier.  Then you
Dean ignored him, falling silent but continuing to count in his head until the engine was in the air.  As he maneuvered it into position over the front of the car, Benny did his best to keep the hanging engine steady.
Dean thought to himself.  "I'm doing okay, Sam.  Really."  He paused, then added honestly, "Probably better than I've been doing in a long time."
He hadn't kissed him back - or had he?  Dean tried to replay the moment in his mind wondering if he'd reciprocated the kiss, but it was like hitting pause on an old video - time froze, but he couldn't get a clear enough picture.
There was a click and the line went dead.  The electronic tone telling him the call was over repeated itself insistently, but Dean didn't hang up.  He just stared at the handset for the longest time, wondering if that conversation had really just happened or if he'd imagined it.
Castiel put his other hand over Dean's, squeezing it between both of his.  "That's where Pamela can help you."
He cast a considering glance down at the radio, contemplating whether or not the tune was tolerable, before deciding to let it play on.  Only because he couldn't be bothered searching for something better.
"Dean, I remember the last time you came in here and ordered a soft drink clear as day - it was the day a flock of
Dean tried to ignore the feeling, fingers pressing into Cas's skin hard enough to bruise.  A soft gasp parted Cas' lips, allowing Dean to deepen the kiss with a swipe of his tongue that made Cas moan.  The sound was full of satisfaction and desire, and made Dean curious as to what other noises he could elicit from him.  Confidence growing, he pulled Cas closer...
"You don't have to put it so politely," Cas smiled at her.  "You're allowed to say homeless.  But no.  Not even then.  There were, shall I say,
Dean looked at him, guilt churning in his stomach for ignoring him that afternoon.  He squeezed Castiel's hand reassuringly.  "As okay as we can be."
Dean was warm, and his thumb rubbing along Cas's arm was oddly relaxing.  It was nice, going to bed with Dean at the end of the day:  he almost wished that Ben never had to leave, so he didn't have to go back to the sofa.  Alone.
Father Reynolds nodded.  "I remember when Castiel was struggling on his journey of self-acceptance.  It makes it easier to have someone to support you through it."
"Damn it boys, I just want to finish my shift in peace!  You can either take this home, or I can arrest you both for disorderly conduct," Jody warned, coming up behind them.  She turned to Dean, expression softening when she saw his face.  "Look, you've had a long night so just go home and take it easy, okay?" she instructed softly.
"You—" Dean shook his head. "You know, I keep thinking that your dad couldn't have done any more to ruin your childhood, but then he does."
Dean swallowed as he listened, no longer working on the car.  He and Cas couldn't afford to eat out, and it wasn't like you could make takeout or frozen leftovers
"Hey, Dean!  We haven't seen you in a while," Jo smiled when they walked through the door, Dean holding it open for Cas.  "Hi, Cas."  She hugged them both.
"Finally, he gets a reference!" Dean laughed.  "Come on, go - before the thing dies of hunger and we have to sneak into the cemetery in the dead of night to bury it."
But Bobby just smirked.  "If I don't get a chance to say it at the end of the day, have a good holiday."
"Why do I feel like you'd be exactly the same?" Cas retorted fondly, immediately regretting referencing Dean's past.
Dean looked at the price and let out a low whistle.  "I'll say.  It'd definitely be a...  What do they call it?  A talking piece?  You know.  Put it in the living room, guests see it, we talk about it...  What?" he asked, when Cas couldn't stop smiling.
Cas smirked and pushed him back down to the floor.  "It's still too early to think about getting lunch and going to work," he said, kissing Dean again.  "And the laundry can wait another day."
"No, he's fed up with me not being at home - which isn't the same thing.  But what do you mean 'a younger model'?"
Any hesitation and doubt were lost to Dean as he gasped and bucked up, seeking more.  Cas flipped them over, kissing Dean hungrily as he wrapped his legs around Dean's waist and moved.  They rubbed together, stomachs smeared with precome, and Dean could feel his release building inside him already.  He thrust down desperately, unable to worry about anything other than his need as he pushed himself closer and closer to the edge.  When he got there, he took Cas with him, groaning out his name.
now.  He tried to focus on Cas and not his own failings.  Running his hand through his hair again, he tried to work out where Cas might go if he was upset.  Shit, when he'd met Cas Cas was a wreck.  Wait, what if Dean had pushed him over the edge?  He started to panic, thinking of where Cas could be, what he could have done, of how alone he was...
you didn't believe you'd ever have one?  That maybe you wanted to spare yourself the disappointment if it didn't work out for you?"
She poured them both a glass of water from a pitcher, in which pieces of strawberry and raspberry were floating.
Dean didn't miss the tightness with which Cas said that last part.  "I don't get it," he said, still trying to figure out what that had to do with counting toes.
"You wouldn't be the only one to think I had none," Castiel grumbled into his cup.  At Balthazar's confusion, he elaborated.  "My therapist thinks I 'avoid confrontation'."
"You wouldn't want to be seen there, trust me.  It's where all the older guys go who are too old to stay out clubbing until the early hours and too gay to settle down like the straights."
Dean drummed his fingers impatiently against the wheel as he waited for the congregation to leave.  He needed to see Cas, needed to speak to him.  When he'd woken up that morning, he'd realised that his self-destructive behaviour had to stop.  He couldn't keep living like this.  He needed to accept that he wanted Cas, that he liked Cas, even though his feelings felt alien to him.  He didn't have a clue what to say; just hoped that, when the time came, the right words would come to him.  Finally the doors opened and people started to leave.  Dean scanned the crowd for Cas's trench coat but he couldn't see it anywhere.  As the leavers trickled off, Dean's heart sank.  He knew where Balthazar stayed, but he didn't think Balthazar would let him anywhere near Cas if he went round.
"Yeah," Dean agreed, unconvinced.  He wasn't sure it it was alcohol or fear that was twisting his stomach until he wanted to throw up.
He waited until he'd stopped shaking before finishing drying the dishes, and called Balthazar.  He didn't mention Dean; simply listened as Balthazar told him about things he'd done.  It was calming.  Unfortunately Balthazar couldn't stay on the phone all night, so when he had to go, he sat on the far side of the living room, away from Dean, and filled in some crosswords in the book Dean had bought him.
Now, he was standing in the living room doorway, hot mug of coffee in hand, watching Cas sleep.  When he'd taken him in, he had been someone to take care of; someone to fill the hole that Sam had left.  Things had changed, though, and it felt like
.  It wasn't fair.  His gaze was drawn to his muscular back, and he smiled when he noticed that Dean's freckles weren't limited to his face.
Cas stroked his cock as Dean stretched himself, but they were never not touching; a hand on Dean's thigh, a helping hand on Cas's dick, lips pressed against each other.  Cas's jaw went slack with pleasure as he held back, wanting more but waiting for Dean to be ready to take him.  When Dean unexpectedly slipped two fingers inside his mouth, he immediately began sucking them.
He knew he was lucky that Bobby had some contacts who would give him mate's rates, as the amount of work required to make it roadworthy again was costly.  Cas was worth it, though.  In an attempt to keep his costs down, Dean had planned on doing most of the work himself. At least, as far as he could.  However, some of it was time-intensive - and he wasn't forgetting his promise to Bobby to only work on the Lincoln in his own time.  Besides, even
"You grew protective," Cas realised, suddenly understanding Dean's violent outburst on his birthday.
"Hey!" another customer shouted angrily, thumping a fist off the bar.  "Can we get some drinks over here?"
"Oh, no," Dean protested, shaking his head and stepping away from his baby.  "No, no, no!"  He screwed his face up as Cas dragged an oily hand down his chest.  "I hate you," he grumbled, dutifully standing still as Cas spread dark stains across his clean overalls.
Dean laughed so hard he doubled over and had to grab Castiel's arm for support. "Speaking of your mom, where is she?" he asked once his laughter had trailed off.
As Dean slid down, he circled his hips just the way Cas liked, eliciting a gasp of pleasure from Santa.
"Good," Castiel said, standing. "If you'll excuse me, I'd like to finish the hall before we eat anything."
"No matter what, Cas, I'm here if you ever want to talk.  I don't know how much use I can be if you need advice, but at least I can listen?"
Dean just laughed softly. "You know what? I really fancy some chips. You can't come to the beach and
For a moment, Dean just stood there staring at Cas, opening and closing his mouth as he tried to find the right response to that.  "Cas, I...  I'm no good with the whole love and...
Dean slowly drifted into consciousness, gradually becoming aware that he was not on his bed.  The mattress beneath him was thin, and the bunk hard.  Blinking several times, he willed the pounding in his head to subside.  As the plain ceiling above him slowly came into focus, he wondered just how everything had gotten so fucked up.
Dean dropped his cloth and moved behind Cas, resting his hands on his hips as he kissed his neck.  "I thought
Dean smirked against his ear.  "So go.  And think about me.  And what I'm going to do to you tonight."
"I'm in a couple," Cas said.  He'd asked Ben to take a photograph of him in front of the rhinoceros, which had taken a massive shit just as Ben had taken the image.  (It wasn't until later that he'd realised why the boy had been grinning when he handed the camera back.)  And there had been a couple of instances where Dean had asked for the camera to take a picture, but it had mainly been Cas behind the camera.  Cas didn't mind, though - it was Dean who'd co-parented Ben for a year, and he'd been happy to document their reunion.
Dean sighed as Cas ran his fingers through his hair.  The memory intruded despite his reluctance but, for the first time, it didn't hurt quite so much to think about it.  "It was the crash that killed my dad," he revealed quietly.  "I got off lightly."
They found Ben playing with one of the inflatable balls.  "It's about time you guys got here!" he shouted across at them when he saw them come out of the changing area.
There was a long pause before Dean spoke again.  "When I was a teenager, I snuck out one night.  I had a fake ID, and I got into a club."  Dean licked his lips, and for a moment Castiel's attention was drawn to them.  "I met this group of people - students - and they bought me a few drinks.  They didn't know I was underage.  Or maybe they did, I don't know.  Anyway, then they were kissing me, and one guy had his hand in my lap... touching me."  It was so hard to get the last few words out, and Dean swallowed.  He risked a glance at Cas.
Aware that he was staring, he grabbed the first magazine from the table and made himself look busy reading it.  Too late, he realised it was a women's health magazine.  Well, that was awkward.  Trying to look casual, he flicked through the pages until he came to a spread on fat-busting workouts.  The corner of his mouth turned up in a pleased smirk as he eyed the curves of the women pictured in their close-fitting gym gear.
"I'll have a soda, too," Cas said with a smile, moving to follow Dean over to a booth.  Sliding into the seat across from him, he nudged Dean's ankle with his own. "So does this mean we're on a date?" he teased, trying to lighten the mood.
a bit ridiculous.  To me, anyway.  Even at my lowest, I knew I could either roll over and die, or keep fighting no matter what.  And I chose to fight.  Every time.  Because if you stop fighting, then that's it.
, after all." he reminded her pointedly.  "My drinking wasn't exactly a shining example to Ben.  I used to drink a lot more, back then."
"I hope you don't mind that I put the TV on," Castiel said, running a hand up and down his arm as Dean watched him. "I've never had the opportunity to watch it much, before."
"I think you're grieving," Cas stated, refusing to be drawn off-topic.  "And I think that you feel vulnerable.  And I think that that scares you."
"Well, I'll walk home and start cooking something when I get there.  If you're home for seven, we can eat together.  I'll try to wait for you.  But if you're later than that, I'll keep some warm for you."
"Get a grip," he muttered to himself.  He could hardly expect him to stay in and enjoy the single life with Dean forever, could he?  Everybody left.  Well, he'd just need to go out and see if he could get lucky himself.  After all, he'd only been
Dean flicked the switch on the wall socket, and the machine whirred into silence. He watched as Castiel froze before hitting the power button on the machine twice, but nothing happened.
January.  Dean's birthday was in January.  He quickly shook that thought from his mind.  Lots of people had birthdays in January.
Dean had stormed around the kitchen, banging drawers and doors as he'd made a coffee for himself and a hot chocolate for Castiel, and Castiel had done his best to stay quietly out of his way, passing him things that he's absently put down only to need again five seconds later.
"We've been really lucky with the weather lately," Castiel said pointedly.  "Although it's still cold, it's been rather sunny and dry."
"Thank you," Cas sniffed.  Then he put a hand on Dean's knee, and looked him in the eye.  "Talking about your feelings isn't
"Brick's in the office.  Had one of the lads put it in a bag.  I made sure they wore gloves!" Bobby added irritably, as she opened her mouth to speak.
"You're not going to be too long, are you?" Cas asked as Dean knocked on the building manager's door.
had happened, it couldn't have, but the more he tried to stop imagining the worst the more he thought about how he'd been when he'd found him.  He felt like he was going to throw up.
"Well at least take this for now," Cas said, hurriedly digging through his wallet and thrusting a few notes at him and a coupon at the cashier.
"I don't know.  They buy the drinks," Dean continued.  "I've got money, and a fake ID, but they don't want me to get them kicked out."
indulged in the act of self-satisfaction; however sex had never been something he'd had the occasion, or the inclination, to indulge in. "Perhaps it would be more satisfying if you cared for the woman in question," he suggested quietly.
As he was slicing Dean padded through, barefoot and wearing a grey Henley that hugged his muscles.  Despite that, he looked small as he watched Castiel at work.  He didn't sit down, or ask if he could help; he just
?  He dropped his forehead against the wood and willed Dean to know that he was there if he needed him.
As he took a second look around the room, umbrella-drink guy gave him a little two-fingered wave.  Dean turned back round to the bar and hunched over his drink, muttering, "Oh
Cas came out with a form to sign, which Gordon scrawled his untidy signature in the boxes Cas had conveniently marked with an 'x'.
He licked another line down to the base, stroking him with a lazy hand as he mouthed at Dean's balls.  This elicited another slew of noises from Dean whose cheeks were flushed now, a little embarrassed at his lack of restraint.
They sat like that in silence, neither paying the TV that much attention but each content just to sit in the other's company. Castiel mulled over the church sermon from the day before, and Dean talked himself out of interrupting the silence to ask the difficult questions (because he was a coward like that).
They made their way in the direction the steward had sent them, trying to keep to the grass where possible to avoid standing in any large muddy patches.
While they waited for the lunch to cook Dean was channel hopping, unable to find something that could hold his attention for longer than twenty seconds. Cas had curled up beside him to do a crossword, his head resting on Dean's shoulder.
, but others in the neighbourhood.  Graffiti, broken windows.  It's escalating, though - another gang's moved in, so now they're fighting over whose turf this is."
Best part of the film or not, Dean's attention was now firmly on Castiel - even if he hadn't taken his eyes off the screen.
That would teach him not to pay attention when he was chopping herbs, he thought to himself as he wrapped one around his finger.  And it had certainly dealt with the half-hardness of his cock, that had begun to press against his trousers.  He splashed cold water on his face while he was at the sink.
Considering how reluctant Dean had been to celebrate Thanksgiving, Cas had doubted very much that his friend would get into the so-called 'spirit of Christmas'.  But perhaps he'd been wrong.  After all, he
"You're a fine one to talk about leaving things lying around," Cas replied harshly.  "This place was a
"I won't be late, okay?" Dean assured Cas, ignoring the jibe.  He was known for his one night stands, but the jokes would cease once they got used to the fact he was settling down.  Jeez,
Cas laughed.  "I know what you mean.  For a time, I only ever saw Dean and didn't really leave his house all that much without him.  Working at the garage, I got out, I made friends.  It's one of the things that's really helped me get my life back on track.  It gave me a sense of purpose, and knowing I was doing a good job made me feel better about myself."
, Dean!" Castiel protested weakly.  "Please, don't." Dean just chuckled in response so Cas was content just to lie there, eyes closed and stomach bloated.  "Dean?" he said a minute later.
"You know there's a reason we don't do karaoke?" Jo joked from across the bar.  "He'd put us out of business!"
"Internet.  If you give me the okay, I can make some calls and arrange the whole thing.  All you have to do is pay for it."
What the hell?  Dean wasn't homophobic!  He supported Cas, he'd taken the guy to a damn gay bar...  Hell, he was fucking
He took another sip of his mocktail after Jo had left and commented, "You know, I can't decide if I like this or not."
"Well, now's your chance," she said, stepping out from behind the bar.  Thrusting an almost empty bottle of whiskey into his hand, she shoved him in Bobby's direction.
It might have been childish, but he refused to acknowledge Dean as they drove to the store; instead studying the list like he'd never seen it before when in fact he'd written it the night before.  They would have to budget this trip carefully.  Thanksgiving dinner would be expensive
"Good.  So does this mean you're going to stop being weird around me?" he teased, slapping Castiel's knee with his hand.
"You've never seen..." Dean trailed off, remembering what Castiel had said to him this morning about not having seen much television, and figured that went for films as well. "It doesn't matter."
Pamela gave him a minute to get his emotions in check.  "It takes a strong man to admit he needs help," she told him, once he'd calmed down.
"Money."  When Pam said nothing, clearly waiting for him to go into greater detail, he elaborated, "I'm not good with it.  I pay my rent and my bills, then I spend the rest.  Sometimes it's all gone the first week, and I need to beg my brother for money to buy food."
"I suppose you're right," Cas agreed with a sigh.  "We don't want to confuse him.  And I don't want to risk alienating him straight away."
They were currently standing in front of a large cabinet displaying hundreds of species of beetles, from Mexican elephant beetles to your regular garden ladybird.
Castiel raised a hand to stroke through his hair.  "It does get easier," he promised.  "So how did it go?"
unusual for a man of my age to be unable to swim," Castiel said generously, casting a questioning look at Dean.
Dean's stomach somersaulted and he put the car into gear, the engine roaring as he rejoined the flow of traffic.
Cas would get there eventually, but Dean had sunk so much time and money into the monstrosity that he figured he could be a little selfish about wanting to see Cas driving the thing.  Although he
Castiel cleared his throat to get the man's attention, finally tearing Charlie's focus from the computer screen.
Dean nodded in understanding. "One day at a time, as if you were—" but he stopped himself before he said too much. "One day at a time," he repeated, and there was a slight question underneath his words.
By the time Dean pulled up outside his apartment block Castiel's head was thumping, and he let out  quiet sigh of relief when the cassette player fell silent.  The elevator felt smaller than normal, more cramped even with just the two of them in it, and Castiel pressed himself into one corner as they were jolted up to the third floor.
Dean jumped, because he hadn't realised Cas was right behind him.  He waved his hand in the vague direction of the tree.  "What is this?"
"Good morning, Dean," Cas replied, a hint of hope in his voice; hope that things wouldn't be awkward between them.
"Yeah," Dean laughed bitterly.  "I didn't know I was driving around with a busted tail light.  I had Sam high as a kite beside me on the way to the hospital when this cop pulled us over.  I think we're in the clear, then just as the cop's about to let us go he sees the packet of little white pills Sam's dropped on the floor."  Dean shook his head.  "I told you Sam was a lawyer, right?"
"The way you accept the things I hate most about myself, the worst parts of me, and make me see that they're not all bad.  There were so many times I couldn't believe you'd
Dean pretended to study the desserts for a long moment.  It was at times like this that he realised he and Cas were two very different people.  While he mostly kept everyone at a distance and had grown more inclined to stay in, Cas had a desire to be more sociable and go out.  He ate the same things - or variations of them - whereas Cas was eager to try new food, even if it turned out he didn't like them.  They said opposites attracted, but Dean would've thought people needed to share some similarities as well.
Everyone laughed, dissolving the tension.  Andy shot Cas an embarrassed grin, who returned it with a grateful smile.  Benny reached over and clapped him on the shoulder.
But Dean made a big deal out of yawning at that point, eager to avoid a fire and brimstone lecture about his soul was damned. Castiel didn't know jack shit about his soul. He carried their empty mugs through to the kitchen, and Castiel could hear him bumbling around. He took the opportunity to examine his surroundings. Looking around him, it was obvious that Dean didn't care a lot for his apartment everything was plain, simple, and functional. There was no clutter, no decoration. In fact, there were no 'homely' touches at all. A single photograph sat atop the mantelpiece, but it was lying face down. A quick check assured him that Dean wasn't coming back in the next few seconds, and he quickly crossed the room and picked it up. A rather handsome man stood with a beautiful woman and two children. Judging by the intensity of the young boy's green eyes, Castiel would guess that the young boy was Dean.
know, I overheard the librarian defending the books to a rather concerned religious mother.  And I got curious."
"What, do you just want to walk around like teenagers who have free periods and nothing better to do?"
He ran his hands up Castiel's strong, hairy thighs, appreciating what all the jogging did for his body, before coming to a stop at his hips.  He rubbed his thumbs along Cas's very prominent hip bones, glancing up and finding himself awestruck by the sheer unabashed
Father Reynolds sighed softly, hands clasped together on his lap.  "I can listen to you, and advise you, but ultimately only you can choose how, or if, you help him."
Castiel didn't think he would ever get used to the feeling of being inside Dean.  He's read it being described as 'hot' and 'tight', but Cas would say it felt
Stupidly he glanced at the prices on the way in, hoping to be given reason to stick to his guns, but they were only three bucks.  Several had a few broken stems, but he found himself picking up a half-decent looking bunch.
Dean paused.  "I..."  He wasn't going to make coffee, but he didn't need to tell Cas that.  "One coffee, coming up."
"I already have shoes, but I must give my shoes to a man who will take them from me, and then he'll give me shoes?"
to think about Dean.  He knew he wasn't the most fun guy to spend time with - he appeared sociable and outgoing but it was mostly just a mask he'd been wearing for so long that he'd forgotten who he was beneath it  - so it was probably better for him that he'd found someone better to socialise with.  Not that he could blame Cas for moving on – everyone else did.  Dean reached for his glass and, realising it was empty, looked for one of the serving girls to fetch him another.  He ran a hand through his hair.  He shouldn't blame Cas as if making friends was a crime – it was good that he was getting out more – but he'd meant it when he'd told Cas that he hadn't realised how alone he'd been before he met him.  He was happier now, but he also missed Sam a lot more.
A part of him had grown to believe that perhaps he could start over - that perhaps God had answered his prayers and granted him a second chance.  He'd grown so comfortable with Dean that the prospect of spending another night wherever he could find a place to lie down left him feeling lost and unprepared.
"We'll get you another one, and you can borrow one of mine in the mean time if you want to go anywhere. Sam always gives me twice as much as he says he will – I think it's 'cause he expects me to drink it away, and he wants me to have some let over for the important things. It doesn't matter what he says – he's always got my back." Dean knew he sounded like he was trying to convince himself as much as Castiel, but the truth was it didn't matter how often he lectured Dean about money and drinking and whatever else, he'd never threatened to cut him off before – and the thought of losing Sam terrified Dean more than he would care to admit. "So yeah, we'll get you a new coat, and not that I was looking or anything, but you could probably use some new t-shits as well. Honestly, dude, those threads are not cool."
He buried his head in his pillow as he realised that he couldn't keep ignoring his feelings for Dean.  Dean who had saved him, given him a roof over his head, found him a job, and who saw something in him worth looking out for.  It would be so much easier to
Dean scoffed.  "We've all had the same training.  We're all good at what we do, otherwise we wouldn't have jobs."
Castiel lay there, unmoving, for several minutes.  He was so quiet, so still, that Dean wondered if he'd fallen asleep.  But a few minutes later he bolted upright and scrambled for the toilet again.
"Maybe not.  But it feels that way, sometimes.  You've always thought of yourself as straight, and it's like you still
They were late arriving at the garage that morning.  A heavy weight settled in Dean's stomach as he took in the building, all closed up.  Sheriff Mills was in conversation with the other mechanics and Charlie as they got out of the car and trudged over to them.  The crime scene tape was flapping in the wind, and Dean forced himself not to look at the dark stain on the concrete.
Castiel smiled at him, doubts niggling in his mind.  Was it really fair to risk upsetting Dean when he was trying so hard to commit to Castiel and to his therapy?
, now, and hung up his jacket.  But Cas's brow was furrowed in that adorable way it did when he was deep in concentration, so he settled for leaning over the sofa and kissing the top of his head.
Pamela sighed softly.  "Dean, I understand that this is difficult for you.  However, I believe facing this memory in its entirety is important.  You said you wanted to be intimate with Cas - to stop pushing him away.  This could be the first step on the road to doing so."
Cas shrugged.  "You learn things at university that have nothing to do with your course.  Now may I continue, or would you like to continue discussing the concept of virginity?"
Dean glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, and looked away again.  "You don't need to talk to me like I'm a kid," he told her.
"I wasn't going to give it to you," Castiel shot back, a little too harshly.  Dean flinched a little at his tone, and he took a breath.  "I just...  don't want you to leave yet," he said, more softly this time.  "Is that strange?"
As he moves up the bed Cas's hands are already on Dean's zipper, slipping inside as Dean slips his tongue in Castiel's mouth, stroking him to climax as Dean kisses him.  He comes with a moan, both breathing into each other's mouths until they come down from the high of release.
"Thank you. I know I've done nothing to deserve it, but I cannot adequately put into words how grateful I am for your kindness."
Dean ran the cloth under the cold tap again and set about wiping Castiel's face.  Forehead, cheeks, neck.  Castiel let out a pleased moan in response.
"That isn't—" Cas started, cutting himself off when he saw Dean's teasing smirk.  "Funny," he finished with a huff.  "I just want you to be happy."
"I did tell you it was just a sprain," Dean pointed out, pushing on Cas's shoulders and encouraging him to lie down on the bed.
"It's complicated," Dean cut in.  "I have a very different relationship with Cas than the one I had with your mother - and
!  Movement caught his eye in the mirror and he automatically tracked it, his heart skipping a beat when he saw a pale stretch of skin showing between denim and ruffled cotton.  He looked deliberately down at a smear of grease on his shoe and coughed as noisily as he could to cover up the sound of potential nakedness, and he very definitely wasn't going to look again because that had just been weird.
Dean laughed, and kicked his shoes off with ease. "Race you!" he shouted, and set off when Castiel was still struggling with the knot of his other shoe.
Dean uncurled another single from his fold of dollar bills.  He always kept a few tucked away for nights like this, when he wasn't in the right headspace to flirt and seduce.
He showered for a long time, letting the hot water ease his aching muscles and alleviate some of the tension he held in his shoulders, and he stayed under the spray until the water ran cold. Then, buck naked, he shaved in front of the steamed up mirror. He didn't need to see his reflection – didn't want to, even – but as he ran a hand over his smooth cheeks, already missing the slight prickle of stubble, something made him wipe a single streak through the steam and study himself for the first time in a long time.
"Listen to me, Singer," she said, and Cas recognised her mom voice from her run-in with Dean several months ago.  "This crap started with graffiti.  Now it's damaged property.  A garage on the west side had over a thousand dollars worth of tools stolen last week.  This shit is escalating and my guys are working on it, but we've got fuck all to go on.  I want to nail their asses to the wall, but I need
Even when Dean had taken a damp cloth to their bodies, he'd never actually touched Cas's dick.  He felt like he was back in high school, confidence fading as he realised that he'd never put theory into practice before.  He'd put on a mask, then; forced the confidence he hadn't felt.  Because there was all that sexist crap about men being in control, and not allowed to show weakness.  He'd paid attention to what Pamela had said, even if he hadn't believed in it straight away.  But he was allowed to be nervous, and unsure.  Even if, as Cas had said, it wasn't like he'd never touched a dick before.  He was
Just as he was about to give up and go home, Cas appeared in the doorway of the church talking to Father Reynolds.  They stood there for a few minutes, Dean subconsciously holding his breath until Castiel made his way down the stone steps.  He didn't see the car - wasn't looking for it - but when Dean got out and the car door slammed shut, he glanced over.
"Six is a definite improvement on two," Dean said.  "I think you've got the knack of the swing now, so it's just practice, practice, practice!"
"In my experience as a counsellor, far too often people say 'forgive and forget' when what they really mean is 'pretend it didn't happen'.  But if you pretend it didn't happen, it excuses the actions of those who have hurt you.  Therefore, you open yourself up to being hurt again, and again, and again."
Dean leaned over and kissed him.  "I just want to get everything right.  I want Ben, and Sam, and you.  But having lost everyone in the past , I feel like I'm pushing my luck trying to get everyone back."
He'd reacted in a similar way before, Cas remembered then, when he'd been complimented on his looks.  He wondered if it had something to do with the way Dean seemed self-conscious about his body, or if there was some other, deeper reason for his reaction to flattery.
"Ew, get a room, you two," Ben remarked as he entered the kitchen.  His remark was emphasised by exaggerated gagging noises.
"Oh, yes.  They do this every year, and are actually a lot of fun - although poor Sheila's memory's going.  She keeps confusing me with her dead husband, Charles.  She can't remember last week, but she can
Castiel let out a slow breath.  He'd been shocked at first, then angry.  He understood that people could do stupid things when they were confused by their emotions, or drunk, and Dean had been both.  Neither of them had brought it up since and, now that he was forced to think about it, he realised he was still hurting.  He told her as much.
"No," Cas said, red-faced and rubbing his jaw.  He'd gotten unused to the stretch, so there was an uncomfortable ache in his jaw.
."  That had to mean that, on some level, there was a genuine attraction there.  He just hoped that Pamela would be as good for Dean as she had been for him.
Castiel followed his friend's gaze to a man three times his size with biceps as large as melons.  "You're not
Frowning, Cas followed her downstairs, where a cup of coffee was pressed into his hand.  "Ahh, that's better," he sighed happily, once he'd taken a sip.
There was no-one else in the changing room and, despite Dean telling him to wait for one of them to go in with him, Ben was already in the pool.
There were two men pressed up against the outer wall of a cubicle, tongues in each other's mouths and hands down each other's pants.  They were each so invested in the other that they hadn't noticed him come in.  Castiel blushed as he realised that maybe they just didn't
Lunch (or in Castiel's case, breakfast as well) was a silent affair. Castiel would barely look at Dean, and every time Dean opened his mouth to say something he'd close it again without saying a word. He just didn't know how to broach the subject of Castiel's suicide attempt last night. Could it even be called an attempt if he fell? The intention was there to jump, but maybe he wouldn't have been able to go through with it?
Unable to help himself, Castiel grinned like a lovestruck schoolgirl.  He didn't recognise himself with this man - this crazy, drunken man who had walked into his flat uninvited yet made him feel... oddly special.
," he said.  If you don't like it that's cool, we can just ditch it and pretend it never happened, but, uh..."
As they walked along, he snapped pictures of the zebras, making sure to capture the young foal lying in the shadow of the tree.
He realised she was still staring at him, and he forced himself to say, "No, I won't say a word.  I promise."
whenever Dean spouted useless trivia about engine sizes and manufacturing histories.  As much as Cas enjoyed spending time with Dean, and as nice as it was to see him so happy and relaxed and
of the people he'd been with had those exact characteristics - Lisa and Cassie to name but two - but, typically, most of his hook-ups did.  Like the dancer he'd hired a couple of months back—
Cas blushed.  "I didn't - I borrowed one of yours.  I hope you don't mind," he said, fiddling with it nervously.
"Hey," Dean said, sliding the plate of toast in front of him and sitting down beside him.  "It's important, okay?  I promise.  If it wasn't, he wouldn't have scheduled it for when you were here."
In the morning Dean stirred, wondering why his covers felt so heavy.  As he tried to kick them off, they grunted.  He opened his eyes to find Cas lying half on top of him.  Squinting against the light streaming through the curtains, he tried to remember how Castiel ended up in his bed.  The pounding in his head served as a reminder, making him groan in discomfort.
Dean, or would he simply be miserable the entire week?  Maybe he was already counting down the days until he got to go home again.  An awful thought struck him - that Ben might leave and never want to come back.  It had taken Dean so long to get his act together that it might have cost him his relationship with Ben for good.  If he only knew why Ben was so different, maybe he wouldn't be spending so much time
"Oh, yes please!  I'm starving."  As if to prove his point, Castiel's stomach let out a low grumble.
"Brave, selfless, loving, loyal..." Cas listed, coming into the room at that moment.  "I'd say you're
"How about we have lunch here, and then we could go out for a bit?" Castiel asked, seeking a compromise. "How does that sound?"
When Balthazar texted later that day to ask if he wanted to go out and see a movie with some of his friends that night Castiel agreed, and though Dean offered had him a ride down he chose to take the bus.
"Everyone has their own problems to work their way through," Castiel went on, not realising the effect his words were having on Dean.
One of the nurses turned to Dean, who had been following the gurney the paramedics had wheeled Bobby in on.  "Sorry.  You need to stay out of their way.  We need to get him stable."
Dean shook his head, still chuckling to himself. "Damn it, Cas. Don't look so serious when you're joking."
"Right," Castiel said.  Of course the fact he was a virgin would put him off.  Who was still a virgin at the age of twenty-three, anyway?
Castiel stared at him for a long moment, before Dean realised how much his words must have hurt him.
Dean shrugged. "Why not? When we were kids I called my brother Sammy. Hell, still did, right up until..." Dean trailed off. "Anyway."
