Tony frowned, trying to think about what he was doing, what had made him start looking. "Sleeping, I think I was sleeping." He closed his eyes, trying to remember, and then the nightmares came rushing back to him, what woke him up. He gasped and stumbled backwards, back hitting the same dresser and knocking over a couple picture frames, and a small box that held different cuff links.
“How dare you sleep for so long,” he retaliated softly. When they let go of the hug he sat down next to her in the bed. “You look a hell of a lot better than the last time I saw you.”
"I have let someone know, though," Tony admitted and Mary raised an eyebrow. "He's my best friend, Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes, or Rhodey. He, uh, he didn't stop until he found me over there," Tony finished quietly. "I know that he can keep a secret. But, he could also help us when I can't show up in person." Mary wondered how long Tony had been thinking about this. "I want to be more involved in life, I want to be there, to do things with him, and for him. I want to have a room in my home just for him to sleep in, a room that's just his."
Tony flopped on the bed of Steve's room and hummed happily. "You did alright, Stevie." He propped himself up on his elbows to watch Steve hang their coats up. "First time booking an adult hotel, and you picked a very nice room." They had managed to make it to the hotel before the storm got too bad, and the city had put out a travel advisory. Tony's suit was in the back of the SUV that Steve had rented, and Tony was glad that he had been experimenting with lighter alloys.
"Tony?" The female voice sounded very hesitant, quiet, and possibly a little shaken. Something was wrong.
"Stark!" Something blew past Steve at the same time and he ran over, looking down, before Iron Man shot back up past him, firing shots at the invading aliens. Steve let out a bark of laughter. "That little shit."
"I'm not gonna feed a baby until I'm much older," Peter said confidently. "I don't wanna get barf on me."
"Mama!" Peter grinned, hurrying over to jump up and hug her.
"I probably wouldn't have, honestly." Tony shrugged a little. "Everyone's favorite brainwashed assassin found his way into the Tower, and he went and confronted Wilson." Both Mary and Rachel looked at him with wide eyes. "Oh yes, everything gets better."
Tony bit his lip as he smiled, watching them and recording. Steve leaned in to get her neck again and Jamie's hands were pushing at his cheeks. When Steve tried leaning down again, she pushed her head up, putting her lips to his cheek, and tried blowing her own raspberry against him. Tony laughed when Steve's face scrunched up with a smile. Tony's laugh seemed to make Jamie's even louder, pleased that she did the right thing.
“He’s usually so well behaved for me,” Meg commented softly from the couch.
"It's going to be a long night, Mr Stark." He looked at the girl. "Continue, Wanda."
"You can stay in my lap, if you keep working on that while I talk to Mama, okay?" Tony turned Peter around in his lap, so he facing the table and his notebook now. He kept an arm around Peter, to keep him steady in his lap as Mary came out to sit by them. Peter nodded and started to work on his homework again.
“Very little shame,” Tony corrected. “I’m sure there’s some there, it’s just, I’m not sure where at the moment.” Tony grinned, leaning forward to press his lips to Steve’s again. “It certainly isn’t going to show up in front of Rachel and William.” Steve’s eyes widened a little.
"-Tony Stark's third annual benefit for the Firefighters Family Fund has become the place to be for LA's high society." Tony raised an eyebrow.
“Skirting dangerously close to arrogance, Cap.”
"Wilson is out of the state, headed for DC," Steve added in.
"You're going to start another coughing attack if you keeping talking at that pace." He put an end of the sandwich in Tony's mouth again, making him take a bite this time. "You know that they'll want to move the furniture themselves, and they'll have plenty of help. They don't get here for another few hours, and there is literally nothing else that you need to do until they get here."
"Why's that? Hero life not what it used to be?" Tony asked, genuinely curious.
Steve let out a little chuckle. “Yeah, alright, I’m in.”
"Then prove it," Steve said lowly. "Put that hammer down."
“It’s all yours,” Tony said with a little smirk. “Literally, she is all you. I didn’t realize just what I was getting myself into, but-“ He squawked and wiggled, almost painfully, when Steve poked his side. “You still have to learn how to do her hair if you’re not going to cut it.”
"I'm not convinced." Tony leaned over, stealing a kiss from Steve before digging into his breakfast. It had been three days since they had both found themselves in Tony workshop, breaking down barriers, (and discussing what their baggage babies would look like), and they hadn't done much more than steal kisses as they passed in other in the Tower. It may not be happening in the gym anymore, but Steve didn't fail to notice that Tony only did it when they were alone.
Bucky groaned and rolled his eyes. “Debatable.”
Tony turned around and ran, but a hand was already on his shoulder, turning him around and pressing his back to the wall. There was no defending himself from the assassin this time, not with the child in the middle. Cold blue eyes stared at Tony, but something seemed different about them this time. The black mask was still in place, but it didn't muffle his words when he spoke. "Did you make the Serum?" Tony didn't answer and the hand on his shoulder tightened. "Did you make it for them?"
"We can buy you the time," Steve said, and Tony nodded, agreeing. They'd give them all the time in the world.
"A hero?" Tony let out a snort, then stepped up close, inches from Steve's face. "Like you? You're a lab rat," Tony spit out the last two words. "Everything special about you came out of a bottle."
Tony narrowed his eyes at Meg, then looked back to Peter. He could get the boy to crack. He'd never get Wade to crack. Tony leaned in closer to Peter, who didn't move, but was trying not to giggle. He made a big show by taking an exaggerated sniff around Peter.
"Uh, yeah," Meg answered.
"I see him, a few times a month." And as Tony said it, he knew it sounded pathetic now. What kind of father only sees his child a handful of times a month? "I try for once a week." His voice was weaker than he wanted.
It seemed that everyone had taken a cue from Peter, and most were taking naps on the much more comfortable pieces of furniture of Tony's living room. Peter's grandparents had excused themselves back to their guest room, saying they'd be back for dinner and fireworks.
"I want to study every line, every curve, every divot of your body," Steve whispered against his ear. Tony swallowed roughly and felt his whole body move from the heat behind those words.
"It looks like water boiling," Coulson said as he watched the screen, the simulation on repeat.
Tony was the first to sweep forward to the car and pull the door open. He locked eyes with Meg and they both smiled at each other. Taking her hand he helped her slide out. "You're looking good, Tony."
"Agent Coulson," the man pulled out his badge, flashing it real quick.
“They were just so passionate, I didn’t have the heart to talk them out of it.” Tony put two fingers to his lips, giving a whistle when Steve managed a three point shot. “Plus, it’s fun to watch Steve learn things the hard way, sometimes.”
It was a smaller room, with a couple of loveseats, some lamps, and a baby grand piano in front of the expansive glass windows. It was a sparse room, but Tony seemed to like it that way. Steve had never seen Tony utilize the room, until now. Tony sat in front of the piano, one hand out, fingers dancing across the keys, and Steve leaned against the wall to watch him. He wasn’t playing a full song, just plucking at the keys, but there was some kind of intention behind the movements.
Steve's eyes had widened a little and Clint was maybe starting to look a little pale. "The animals from before were their first try?" The archer asked.
"I have told you what needs to be done," Loki cut him off. Thor looked between Loki and Tony once.
Steve just shrugged, picking up his fork again. "I'm Captain America." Tony let out a laugh, that quickly turned into a cough, but Steve was right there helping him.
"Hey, baby," she smiled, kissing the top of his head as she walked over. As Steve's front door swung shut, he saw a red headed woman walking by, towards the exit of the apartment. "How's your drawing?"
"You're not used to being asked out, are you?"
He went back to his engine, thoughts becoming jumbled as he pulled a panel off, Pepper coming in and trying to get him to his plane.
"You like chicken, right, Petey?" Tony asked, looking at the little boy, finger still in his mouth. He tutted with a smile when Peter smiled, sucking the last of the peanut butter from his finger. "You little sneak," he chuckled. "Alright, how about the grand tour? I have a big house, and if you're going to visit more often, you should know where everything is." Tony stood up, then stopped, eyes widened a little. "Oh! I am so bad, I didn't introduce you to Jarvis!"
Tony turned back to Steve. He wanted to do this? Oh, he could do this. "I'm starting to want you to make me."
"I'd expect nothing less," she nodded. Her eyes went to Peter, then back to Tony. "He looks like you."
"For instance, macaroni and cheese, spaghetti or most pasta dishes-"
“We can bribe her with ice cream,” Tony said as he started to life the girl up and into his arms. She let out a whine, one that Steve says Tony taught her, and he kissed the top of her head.
There was a soft gasp behind Howard, and both Starks looked back to see Peggy Carter standing in the doorway. Her eyes were on the Eevee that was standing next to Tony. “Evelyn?” Eevee chirped loudly and ran over to Peggy, who practically dropped to her knees. Eevee danced around her a little, looking around as well. Surely where there was Peggy, there was Captain America. “Look at your girl, still looking the same.”
Steve glanced around, discreetly checking to see if anyone had actually paid attention to the boy’s words. “No cotton candy,” he said. Suddenly Wade was grinning, and then Jamie was gasping. Steve turned his head and Peter was leaning over the table, reaching forward with a small tuft of cotton candy. Jamie reached for it with her whole body, eyes bright as she recognized what it was, and Peter was popping it in her mouth. Wade had hurried forward as Jamie closed her mouth, squealing with her mouth closed as it melted in her mouth.
They had approximately five minutes before Nick Fury walked into the lab. "What are you doing, Mr Stark?"
He knew that Afghanistan changed Tony, not just physically, but mentally, too. But he could see bits of Tony still peeking out. Pepper had called him when Tony insisted on having a party at the Dubai house the other day. Rhodey would probably be more worried that maybe Tony had changed too much, but as he saw Peter hugging Tony, and Tony's truly genuine smile, he wasn't as worried. Maybe this kid would be good for Tony.
“Learning from the best, babe.”
“Nineteen Forty-One Cadillac Lasalle convertible,” Tony said with a smile. “I recently acquired it. Thought it might be something, a little more, familiar for you?”
"I think it was very spur of the moment," Steve told her. "I didn't ask, I had no intention of asking."
"'Sa mean leff hook," Tony slurred slightly, eyes opening at half mast. Steve left out a breath seeing them brown again. He was sure that the light feeling in his chest was just because he had gotten Peter's father back, yeah, that's what that was. Tony gripped Steve's wrist with his right hand, making Steve blink, before he realized that Tony was trying to sit up. He pulled him upright, watching him carefully.
“I don’t think she’ll be saying Stark,” Steve told him, grabbing a fork from the utensils pile. Tony was already cutting up pieces, knowing Steve couldn’t with one arm around Jamie. She was trying to find the cotton candy.
Tony remembered the first time he had encountered a real life Pokeball. Jarvis and Ana were out grocery shopping, his dad was away on business, over in Europe with his Aunt Peggy, and his mom was working her next gala event. Now would be the perfect time to sneak down into his dad’s workshop, and finally go to the case that he knew held all of the Captain America stuff. The stuff that was better than the poster that Jarvis and Ana had gotten for him for his 5
Tony didn't hear his name being called as he ran through traffic, sliding over the hoods of a couple of cars. He ran past the first building, then ducked in the alley of the next one, lifting himself up onto a dumpster, and jumping up to grab the ladder of a fire escape. he heard the scuffled feet of the runner up above and Tony forced himself to move faster.
"I can get it in front of the Director," Coulson nodded. He took his PDA back from Mary when she offered it. "Shall we go get a table from the restaurant before Tony and Peter get there first?"
Light invaded Tony's eyes as the pillow was pulled off his head. He squinted and looked up to see Mary standing above him. Tony pushed himself up to a sitting position on the couch. "Please let this be something small and insignificant," he muttered, moving to pull his tie completely off now. "Five hours of meetings has fried my capacity to deal with anything that isn't either simple, or of an extremely high intellect level."
"Shall I put you through to the safe room, Sir?" Jarvis asked sadly. Tony blinked his eyes, feeling the wetness there, and just nodded.
“Yes, actually,” Steve responded. “You were cuddling with me on the couch after a too-near death experience. Then we watched Supernatural.”
“What happened?” Steve asked, trying to make sure that Tony was as comfortable as possible. Wanda was gone from the side of the bed.
"Widow might not have been far off," Bucky said quietly. "About a conditioned response." Steve frowned in confusion for a second. "She doesn't remember snapping at the Black Widow. Any luck tracking down her Aunt?"
There were the twin whistles from the pool room, signaling the end of swim time. The party was coming to an end, and Tony wanted to make sure that there would be enough time to hose the kids off of the pool water and get them dry. He wandered over to where several hoses were set up and turned on the water. Peter and Wade had been some of the ones in the pool. Tony grinned, grabbing a hose in each hand. He caught Steve's eyes, who was shaking his head at him, but still smiling.
Steve tried to wrangle Jamie into some socks, and when Tony came out she had already pulled one sock off, again. “Are we trying the socks thing again?” Tony asked, a towel wrapped around his neck. “Because I’m not looking forward to having to invest in a company that sells socks for kids.”
No amount of apologies can begin to express how sorry I am to have made all of you wait. I got a new job, and I was putting in 45+ hours a week. Apple Farms are Fun, but busy. Then I was house/pet sitting for some friends, and at that time my laptop decided that the internal keyboard, and usb keyboard don't want to work completely for me. I've still got some keys that don't work, so I have to use three keyboards to type. >.
"Her and Legolas stuck at SHIELD still?" Steve nodded to Tony. "Well, might as well invite them over. It's not that I want all these people in my house, but it would be better for them to just be here instead of trying to sneak inside when Fury gets too far up their asses. I've got more bedrooms upstairs anyway. I'm not sure what to do about Thor's brother, though."
Tony grinned at him. "I think that you could do just about anything you wanted, Petey. If you want to make art for a living, then go for it. I'll help you get everything you need to start." He played with a longer, curlier, piece of his hair. "You got time to figure out what you want to do with your life though, so there's still a lot of things for you to have fun with."
“You were right, Petey,” Steve said with a ruffle to his hair. Tony walked back over before Peter could push his hand away and was motioning them towards the elevator.
“No, actually I looked online.” Tony’s brow wrinkled. “PR called me, since we were monitoring anyway for backlash to-“
Tony reached over, lifting a hidden panel in the wood and punched in a code. The rest of the let out a click and a soft hiss, and it started to slide away. Steve blinked. A hidden door in the wall. Peter took his hand and pulled him in as the door opened enough to let them through. Steve could tell that the room past the hidden door was big, and long. There were glass cases in the middle of the room and along the walls, and soft lights started to flicker on.
"And anyway, I have plans now for Valentine's Day. Are those test results done yet, Jarvis?" Tony wanted to change the subject now. "My stomach is protesting again."
"So, she still has the Serum?" Steve asked, hand wrapping around her back a little, more protectively.
"Not sure yet, something with chicken, but it'll be for dinner," Rhodey said looking back at the chicken, then moving to go for the pantry. "I have to take stock of what you actually have in your kitchen."
Steve knew he had just read about someone finishing school at a young age, and he knew that it would be a long jump between that person and Peter's Dad, but something was urging to double check the facts. His laptop was at the table and he sat down, opening it up and watching it load. He had been int he process of transferring his handwritten notes to the computer, hoping it would make it easier for him to find certain facts, like what he was looking for.
"You know I'm not replacing Peter, right?" Tony asked Wade, a little more seriously. Wade looked at him then nodded, before running back over to Peter, who was busy going along with Coulson behind him to each chair, probably assigning seating again.
Tony was a little flabbergasted by the end of his little speech. The inner child in him was vibrating, that Captain America wanted to share his pokemon with him. What the adult Tony saw was that he may not be actually losing Vee. She wasn’t his anymore, and he had allowed himself to fall for the illusion that she might have been, that Captain America was dead, as everyone else had thought. But, having Vee come and go as she wished, well, that was better than what he thought would happen. He nodded, not trusting his voice, hands clenching around his mug of coffee, and Steve smiled at him. That melted his insides a little.
Tony hesitated for a second, and Steve knew that he wasn’t going to like the answer. “Completed, or in progress?”
"I can, actually, I've done it before," Tony state. "I moved the mother of my son without telling her it was happening. To be fair, I told Peter."
His hands tightened around Steve's and he closed his eyes tightly, forcing some of the tears to slide down his cheeks. "I don't want to celebrate my birthday, because that means I would doing something that might potentially be nice. I'm so scared that something is going to happen, to take that away from me. Something that will take you away, or Peter, or even Jamie. I don't want to take that chance."
Also, I'm posting some screenshots of the program that I use to try and keep everything in some kind of timeline order, so I remember what's happened and when. It's another peek into my crazy mind. You can find it over at my tumblr (megaranoelle. tumblr. com)
“But it is not this day.” Steve snorted and Tony smiled. “Alright, dazzle me with an amazing date.”
"Awww, Peter and Wade aren't hooligans," she cooed and Tony saw her toss something to the boys. They immediately grinned as Wade grabbed it before Tony could see what it was, and handed part of it to Peter. "They're very energetic boys, that's all."
"He's a scientific genius," Selvig said from behind them. Mary narrowed her eyes at Barton. How dare he put her son in danger like that. "He could possibly have resources that we would be able to use."
Obidiah clapped his shoulder before moving down the stairs, his bodyguards following. He was done for the night. He left Tony standing on the stairs, staring after him. Christine walked away after a moment, and he could vaguely hear Mary telling him to move, before heading back into the event as well. Tony had a lot of thinking to do.
On the page was clearly the beginnings of the Captain America shield, taking up one half of the page, while something else was starting to take shape on the other half. It was only a vague outline, Peter taking more time to get the star on the shield as perfect as his little six-year-old hands could make it. Tony thought that with the shape of the other object it could be the start of a head, but he wouldn't know for sure until Peter started working on it again.
Tony took his hand away from Steve’s head and leaned over slightly to grab something. He saw Tony’s tablet come down in front of his face, and it was lighting up. “Here we go. Jarvis, lets pull up the boys first, yeah?” A camera came up, in the corner of Peter’s room, showing the interesting position that Peter had fallen asleep in. He was laying on his stomach, cheek pressed into the pillow with his mouth open slightly. Steve smiled softly. “No wonder he drinks so much in the morning, he’s drying himself out like that. I should check his pillow in the morning.”
"Your work with the tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies," Thor said looking at Fury. "It is a signal to all the realms that earth is ready for a high form of war."
"Not going anywhere, if you don't want me, too," Steve told him, giving his hand a squeeze. "How's your head feel? Think you might be able to sit up?" Tony nodded a little, and moved with Steve to sit up. He took a deep breath, but it felt like his lungs couldn't get enough air and he started to cough. Steve started to rub his back in circles.
She still was able to spend time with him in the workshop, but never when he was working with dangerous items. Tony would always still care for her, that would never change, she could feel it. Much like Steve did in the war, he kept her out of the lab when there was a heightened chance of accidents with new experiments or bigger builds. He celebrated with her after he completed a new business contract, and when the business did well. And then Pepper Potts came.
"Actually," Tony breathed, trusting his gut feeling, "I don't know to trust right now. Till further notice, why don't we just keep everything on my private server?"
"You're not in custody at all," Mary told him. "You were working with both the Army and the SSR at the time, and the SSR is now known as SHIELD. You technically still work for SHIELD, and we're using that technicality to keep you out of custody from anyone." Steve glanced over at her. "They've named me your Handler, but basically I'm going to help you understand all the changes that have happened, and help you make a decision on what's going to happen now."
"Depends on what game you're playing," he told the women, moving the chair so he couldn't see either of their hands.
"Okay, well I'm reporting explosions near the Tower," Tony said.
"I think that was a motorcycle," Tony said, heading for the driver’s seat. "Didn't get a good look at it, so I can't tell you specifics-"
Tony let out a breathless chuckle. "Sounds like what you said when we had to fix the Helicarrier."
"Talk to me, Tony." Four simple words from someone that he had wanted to talk to for nearly six weeks, and he was nearly in tears again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Pepper must be on some kind of medication after so many years with you." She grinned at Tony's indignant 'Hey!'.
Tony reached a hand back to rest along Vee’s back. “How did you get in here?”
“Yeah, dating Linda.” Bucky shook his head a little. “Just cause I dated a girl for more than a week, didn’t mean I was gonna marry her. Not the point,” he said waving his arm, heading for the door. “Point is, you tried to curse me with moody children. I’m just returning the favor. And it’s going to work out because I’m the fun Uncle.” He cackled as he left, walking down the hall towards the elevator.
"Probably," Mary admitted, looking over at Peter's drawing. "He's head of several projects, so I'm sure that they've talked business before. He doesn't really talk about that much with us. Are you going to show that to Daddy?"
"What would the knowledge of his identity changed, Steve?" Mary stared him down. "You wouldn't have told him who you were, and you couldn't talk to him about the only shared subject that you two have. And I'll tell you, even if you had tried to talk to him about Howard, he would have made sure that you never had the opportunity to open your mouth around him again."
Why in the hell would Coulson bring him some of Howard's stuff? And stuff that Tony hadn't known about, at that. Maybe it was Howard's research on Project Rebirth. Now that was something that Tony wanted no part of. Instead Tony turned and lifted up his shirt, looking at his reflection in the glass. The black lines were spreading, becoming more complicated, climbing up his chest, reaching out towards his shoulders, creeping every closer to his neck. He wasn't going to be able to hide the lines for long.
Tony found a few moments every few hours, when Wanda would lose focus, talking to her brother, where he could break free of the control. He started programming a distress beacon, hidden inside some sub-program. He had activated it that morning, and he hoped that Bruce had found the signal.
"Tony?" Pepper had moved a little closer, pulling his attention. He looked up at her, then folded the paper in half, shaking his head. She nodded once to him then turned to Mary. "I'm sorry, but there's nothing that we can do for you. I can have someone from Security-"
"When those animals were unleashed, they were actually out collecting DNA samples," Bruce said as he picked up the conversation. "Everyone who had gotten attacked, or scratched in some way, it was collected by AIM." Tony watched Steve start to put something together. "You, Clint, and Natasha were involved in that fight."
Steve snorted and kissed him. "We have to get some shopping done before the boys and Mary's parents get back. And we absolutely have to get a car seat."
"It's a thicker drink, I was pleasantly surprised," Steve admitted. "Bucky had become a fan of an 'Irish hot chocolate'," Steve said with a chuckle. Tony snorted.
"Come with me, and shut your mouth," Tony muttered. Steve eyed Tony but got Rachel inside. "I have half a mind to let her at you once inside. That's worse than anything I could ever do to you. You're not even supposed to be here, I know for a fact that you got the restraining order."
"We read it, but we didn't think that you'd fall for it!" Clint shouted at him. "It's Hydra, Steve!"
Tony blinked slowly. "Did you just ask me out? Are you talking a date?"
“I take offense to that.” Meg looked at him in silence. “I didn’t disagree with you,” he grumbled. She walked away with a small smirk.
"That means I don't have to visit two different floors now," Peter worked out, stopping Tony's speech. "That's gonna be a lot easier, Daddy." Tony let out a little snort, trying to bite back the bubbling laugh. "Yeah, I think it's cool that Mr Steve move in with you." Peter grinned and Tony kissed his head.
"It's a prototype," Tony started. "It's going to be a tower, one that runs off of clean energy." Mary tilted her head, curious. "Not connected to any power grid, self-sustaining."
Tony held up his hands and took a step back. "What do I know, I'm not a SHIELD Agent. I've leave this to experts, because you know what? I was working just fine by myself before Fury decided to put his little organization into my life." He turned around and stalked out, anger fueling every step. Bruce hopped up from his seat to try and follow Tony.
"No! No way, Tony!" Steve tried to stop laughing and put his hands on Tony's shoulder. "Not my babies!"
"Open your presents, it's Christmas Eve, you've earned it," Steve said as he buttoned up the vest, then sat down to pull on the dress socks.
"Steve's a big boy, he can take care of himself," she told him. "He's had over a year to start to get used to things. And he would be a very good ally to have with Peter. You already know that Mary trusts him."
“You spent your birthday at an amusement park meant for children,” Steve pointed out. “I doubt that was your ideal plan.”
"Stark," Coulson said softly, coming up beside Tony. He knew it, Coulson never called him Stark like that unless it was serious.
“His sons’ birthday is in a couple of days,” Steve was almost pleading.
"I told you, I was bored," Tony said, kissing down his jaw.
“Let me make us some breakfast, yeah?” He offered, and Tony could only nod. “Also, not the first time someone has fallen asleep on him.” Steve smiled and Tony took a controlled breath as he felt a flutter in his stomach.
“There are ways of giving incentive to make your work.” The man growled and walked over towards the car, dragging an unstable Tony with him. “We should have left by-“ he grunted when he was thrown back suddenly, losing his grip on Tony finally, but Tony was also falling to the ground. He moved his arms quickly to cushion his head before it could smack against the concrete. The last thing Tony needed was to put himself in a coma as well.
“Déjà vu,” Tony mumbled with his smirk. “Stevie! Tell him to put on the suit!” He almost giggled at the glare Steve sent him.
I've decided to put this story on a schedule, with chapters coming in twice a week. Tuesdays and Saturdays. This is mostly because I'm nearly half way through my current University course, (they're 8-week terms), and we're ramping up to our final paper already, and I'll be playing physical therapist for my mom soon. Also, schedules are nice! :D
Peter nodded, then looked down at his hands in his lap and Steve raised an eyebrow. “Uh, Mr Steve? You love my Daddy, right? Don’t plan on moving out or leaving?”
Soft fingers were in his hair, rubbing his scalp, and Tony felt himself relax the tiniest bit. Right, opening his eyes, that's what he was trying to do. Despite the still burning pain in his chest, Tony managed to blink his eyes open. Steve was on the ground, his shirt off, a big towel around his shoulders, but he was looking at Tony. It was his hand that was in his hair.
"Pretty sure he's going to want to get his hands on Jamie again," Tony commented. "I'm half way sure he had used the last of Cap's DNA, so he can't try another clone." The both walked out towards the lab when the elevator stopped. "I wasn't able to get more information about what they were doing down there, but it seemed like a pretty big operation."
"Sauces?" Tony tilted his head a little.
Julie was in the kitchen, making some coffee. Tony could tell that Steve had already told her, but there was probably more that needed to be said. He slipped inside Wade's bedroom, saw the boy had already claimed one half of the bed, leaving the other open for Peter. As he leaned down and pulled back some of the blankets, Wade cracked his eyes open. He put Peter down on the bed, close to Wade, and Wade shuffled a little closer. Tony reached out to run his hands through Wade's hair once, resting his hand on his head.
"It wasn't for fun," Steve said, rolling his eyes.
"Thanks, J," Tony murmured. He got up from his seat and left the workshop, locking down the doors and decided to take the stairs, to keep moving. Upstairs he saw Mary's parents walking towards the kitchen ahead of him. Tony wondered if Peter had assigned seats again. When he was corralled into sitting next to Steve again, his question was answered.
Tony’s jaw dropped and he let out a little squawk. “You can’t-”
Tony heard the others starting to talk and took a breath. The sooner this was over, the better. He could get a new element made, Jarvis could direct Bruce to set it in the new arc reactor casing, and run tests while Tony found Peter.
"What I wouldn't give for Mary to tell me what I'm supposed to do right now," Tony said. "But if that were possible, then I wouldn't be in this situation, would I?" Tony slid his eyes upward, trying to fight back the not so familiar sting of tears. He needed to be strong for Peter, and this Loki and Tesseract business was just ruining everything. And he was suddenly mad at Howard for finding the stupid tesseract, and mad at Captain America for losing it before he went down in the ice.
"Then skip to the next line."
"Reroute all work calls to me, please? It's Tony's birthday, and he deserves a break." Jarvis responded in the positive as Steve stared down where Tony had disappeared. "Where is Dr Banner?"
"They gave you a narcotic didn't they?" Steve asked him.
"A boy and a girl," she responded, leaning back against the counter. The alpha marks her territory, letting him know that he's in unfamiliar lands.
Peter and Wade shared a look, then grinned, and suddenly they were moving their arms, jumping on Steve. His eyes widened as the boys launched their surprise attack, but within seconds they were gone, running towards the pool room, giggling. Steve had floaties around his wrists and ankles, and there was a small inner-tube around his neck.
a very familiar female voice spoke now. Someone who had been in his mind before. Tony mentally shuddered when he thought about the fact that all three of these people had been inside of his head at one point.
"Right," Tony let out a breath, starting to walk away. "I've heard that before."
"I think I almost barfed in my mouth in the first thirty seconds."
"I'm dropping you off with Fury," she said, walking back up towards the front. "I have another stop to make." Natasha glanced at him. "Good job, Stark didn't recognize you at all." Steve grunted a little. He put the shield down, taking a seat, and blinked when Natasha handed him a tablet.
"That I may have become more determined," Steve said. Natasha smirked.
"It's alright," she assured him. "He worries sometimes."
“You haven’t told Tony that, have you?” Steve asked as he stepped over the bench, and Bucky pushed himself up to walk next to Steve. Bucky didn’t answer right away and Steve let out an involuntary snort of laughter. “You did, and you realize your mistake. He’s going to attempt to do copious amounts of Public displays of affection now in front of you. Thanks a lot, Buck. Now, it’s not only you who suffers.”
She brought his hand up, holding it with both of hers. "What did you see, Tony?" His eye brows knit together, and he vaguely wondered what she saw in his eyes now. "The Maximoff girl, she got to you." Tony jerked back slightly, enough to tense his body before he could catch him. "I've seen the files, what she's capable of."
"Is that so?" Tony laughed as he tried to keep the wiggling boy in his lap. "Is it time to wake up now?"
"I trust Jarvis' judgement," Mary nodded.
“What movie, Daddy?” Peter asked, laughing and catching his breath in Tony’s arms.
"Doesn't mean that I'm any safer," Tony rasped out. Steve jerked back a little when he saw Tony's eyes. He was afraid. "I still hear that voice. But, last weekend,.... I don't think that it's gone."
"Wade wants me to ask his mom if they'll move in here, again." Tony rinsed his mouth out, before leaning in to inspect his nose before the temperature of Steve's shower fogged up the mirrors completely. "Can you imagine what kind of chaos that would be?"
“We have to try and break the connection while we have him in this state,” Strange said, looking at the other sorcerer.
“I have a plan for today, Steven,” Tony insisted. He picked up a couple pieces of clothes and handed them to Peter. “You go get dressed, then I’ll pull out the rest.” Peter ran out, eager to get dressed. Tony turned and kissed Steve deep, hand curling around the back of his neck. “He’s even more excited about his outfit after yesterday.”
“So, we’re just making up for lost time.” Steve pushed against Tony’s spoon, and Tony pushed back, smirking a bit.
"Right! Ten minutes, got it," Tony nodded and wandered off, probably back to his room, or to get Wade and Peter.
Steve stared at what Tony was seeing, blinking rapidly. They had seen the blood on the cards though, on the wall. But they had never seen the body. "Dammit," Steve breathed out. When Tony started to swipe through files he stopped on a picture, and Steve had to turn, punching a dent into one of Tony's tables. There was Phil, in a hospital bed hooked up to a lot of the same machines that Mary was here in Tony's house, and looking alive by the heart monitor in the picture.
"Someone's getting witty." Tony couldn't help but smile a little.
Steve swallowed, pushing back the emotions that threatened to creep up his throat. He had to tell Peter, he had to bring Peter out into this. How was he going to do it? How could he go there and tell a six-year-old that not only was his Mom in a coma, but his Dad was gone? He would tell him that he had done it being a hero, but Peter already saw Tony as a hero, and it wouldn't make it hurt any less. Steve looked at the ground. This was going to hurt everyone.
"I needed to get the lavender in there somehow," Steve smiled at her.
"And that doesn't make you angry?" Tony asked, his arm dropping over his eyes. He was pretty sure that Captain America's eyes would make him starting spilling his guts on their own.
"We won the family lottery, didn't we?"
"He didn't make it, he was in Midtown during the attack." She turned away from the phone, but Tony still heard her air stealing cough. Tony bit the inside of his cheek.
"The board is claiming you have post-traumatic stress," Obie said carefully, and Tony watched him. "They're filing an injunction."
Tony had powered on his tablet about twenty minutes into Peter's story time, hearing him start to talk about what happened on the Hellicarrier, and how he had met the real Captain America. Tony wasn't exactly waiting for a reminder of the past day’s events, and he knew he could get some work done as well. He knew the Press had to be chomping at the bits for information, or blood.
“I must question what powered this scepter,” Strange said as he took a step closer to Loki. “The only thing that I could that would be strong enough-“
His eyes cracked open a little and he pressed his body back down into the bed when he saw a pair of young brown eyes less than two inches away from his face. They weren't Peter's eyes, these had a tinge of green to them. "Hell, Wade," Tony breathed out, relaxing his body a little. "Why are you that close to me?"
"I'm transferring the feed to the suit, now, Sir." Tony nodded and saw that Jarvis had already gotten the Mark XL ready for him. He stepped inside, the suit feeling like it was taking forever to properly assemble, but only taking a few seconds. "Dr Banner has been able to reach Mrs Parker, and she is coming back to the Tower."
“Daddy says he has to keep this place hidden, or else everyone will be able to look inside.”
"You saw nothing!" Wade's smiled betrayed his words. "Mom said I get to stay for dinner."
“That’s not even the best part!” Tony grinned, and pulled Steve over to look at the outfits on the bed. “But, you don’t get to see that until we’re all dressed.”
Tony pulled on the sleeves of his jacket as he got out of the car. He'd been to this house dozens of times before, there was no reason he should be feeling nervous now. The door was already opening before he could knock, and Julie Wilson had a look of relief on her face. "You look good for a missing man."
"Get the artifacts out!" Strucker started ordering, heading for the door. He left the room giving commands, and Tony knew that he didn't have long.
"Is different now?" Peter asked, looking up into his face. "Feels different."
Steve gave him a look that said they would be talking about the implants when they weren’t doing their superhero jobs. “Alright, well, not that Iron Man is suited up-“
“Hydra,” Steve informed him, moving around to the side. The neighborhood was unusually quiet, and that only fed into his theory that most here were probably working with Wilson. “Hilda called me.”
"He didn't do, or say anything," Steve said, thinking about his limited interactions with Tony, but also thinking about Mary's words as well. "I guess that's the problem. He comes off, kind of," Steve paused, trying to think of the right words.
"You don't have to, Tony, for pity's sake. You talked to Rhodey about Afghanistan, and I was okay with that. I'm not okay with not knowing all the details, but it helped you get some sleep, and get back to some kind of normalcy, so I kept my mouth shut."
“I was young,” she told them. “Probably started my first class when I was seven or eight. It was my Aunt’s idea, thought that maybe I would make more friends if I did stuff outside of school.”
“This kid here, I swear.” Tony wrapped his arms around Peter and started to tickle his sides. Peter squealed with laughter and wiggled around. “He has so much energy!”
Steve had shooed Peter and Wade over to the other bench, keeping the cotton candy away from Jamie, much to her pouting displeasure. “My first word was Stark?” Peter asked, a skeptical look in his eyes.
“Don’t worry,” Peter called out to Steve. “We’ll make Daddy do the same!” Tony shot a little glare down at the boy as Steve laughed, almost cackled really, at the thought.
“So, the suits, they’re a way for you to be prepared for something that might happen?” Danielle asked, not wanting to lose him just yet. She had tried to jump into the Battle early on in their sessions, and had seen Tony experience a panic attack. She was able to pull him out of it, but he wasn’t willing to admit that he needed more help than he thought. You had to move at a certain pace with Tony Stark, a pace that was constantly changing throughout the day.
Tony let the words roll around, getting his bearings back, then stumbled to his feet. “Did I get tazed?” He asked, moving down the hall. Meg’s office was full of all kinds of wire, so he grabbed a bundle of that and tossed it to Mary. Looking around, Tony spotted the three babies just inside the nursery and took a deep breath.
“Then teach me how to stealthier,” Wade countered. Bucky raised one eyebrow slowly at him. “Peter and I want you to teach us how to fight, too. Self-defense.”
“I think this is something that you’re gonna like then.” Bucky was sure that Steve was going to feel better.
Tony sucked in a breath, trying to breath after it felt like he had deposited most of his internal organs into to the toilet, again. "J," Tony wheezed out, pulling himself over to the sink to grab the washcloth that was there. "More labs." He grabbed the washcloth, putting it over his head, and let out a little breath as the coolness hit the fever he had started to run. Tony was deftly trying to ignore the possible red he saw in the water, and was more focused on why he felt like absolute shit when he had done nothing but eat an actual meal, and go to bed earlier than two in the morning.
Golden orange light reached out for him, seeming to sneak in past the bubble of space that he was sure he was wrapped in. Sparks of red and green burst on the sides, and Tony wanted to reach out to it. “Not safe. Can’t keep you safe,” the voice called out.
Any other time, Steve was one of the quietest people that Tony knew. But his ears picked up everything right now. He felt Steve kneel down on the ground next to him, but Steve hadn’t touched him. Tony pulled himself into as small a ball as he could, trying to hide inside of the beanbag.
“Thanks for the reminder, kiddo,” Tony told him, reaching over to grab the dinner jacket by the mirror. He slipped it on and took a second to evaluate it. “Should I go with the tie or the jacket?”
"Peter and Wade are with his grandparents," Bruce told him. "They went out into the gardens." Tony nodded a little. "I'm glad I've already had my tea. Spill."
"Yes." Or not. "In fact, involving yourself is exactly what I would expect you to do. Throwing yourself into the thick of it so that you don't actually have to think about it means, a distraction for you."
He still knocked quietly before stepping inside. Julie was sitting on the couch, holding onto a quiet Jamie. On the loveseat next to the couch was Wade, holding onto Peter, both looking asleep on the couch while some movie played softly in the background. Peter had his knees drawn to his chest, arms wrapped around his legs, cheeks and eyes a little puffy from crying.
"I tried to apply a self-defense technique on him first," she said quietly, pulling her legs out from under her carefully. "I guess it was instinct, both times, and I wasn't really thinking."
“I can’t remove the influence on you, not while he still lives,” Loki spoke up, and Tony shot him a small glare. “As I’ve said before, and I shall say again, I can’t do much that includes the brute without the staff, and gem, back. Should I try anything, he would be able to find me, and I would be used, again, as helplessly as you have been.”
"He gives up the cube, he's all yours." He stared down Thor. "Until then," the face plate closed again, Iron Man looking at him now, "stay out of the way." Tony started to turn, scanning for Loki. Up on the ridge, still. "Tourist," Tony muttered under his breath.
"Loki." Tony heard Thor's tone with just a pinch of disapproval. Tony took a breath, his head feeling a little light, and there was a hand on his upper arm.
Steve nodded, and tore his eyes away from the shield. "Thank you very much, Miss Parker," Steve said quietly.
"We'll give it some time, maybe she'll grow on you." Peter stuck out his tongue and Tony smiled. He could deal with a slightly jealous son for now.
Steve chuckled a little and shook his head. “What do they say? The happiest place on earth?”
"Alcoholic hot chocolate you mean." Tony smirked a little. "Always a classic, but not what I'm feeling at the moment. You Brooklyn-Irish boys, always causing trouble."
Steve moved quickly, grabbing Loki's arm, but Loki was ready and twisted in Steve's grip. He grunted and turned, tossing Loki across the floor. Thor was landing outside, eyes lighting on Loki. Steve threw his shield again when Loki went to reach for the scepter, but jumped back when the vibranium sparked against the ground in front of him.
"Now, we just have to find him," Steve said lowly.
Steve gently laid Jamie down into the crib, watching her for a moment to make sure she was going to stay asleep. "Jarvis can send video feed to your phone or tablet," Tony whispered.
"Well, I'll try not to in the future, but I was trying to make myself more comfortable, too." Steve raised an eyebrow at him, but Tony shook his head. "No, this isn't about me right now, it's you time." He reached out to take Steve's other hand in his, thumb rubbing over his knuckles. "Is part of it about being a new dad? About Jamie? We never did talk about that, and that's on me. I'm-"
All the feels, and resolution.
"Don't worry about it, Mary," Steve smiled at her. It had taken a bit, but she had finally gotten Steve to stop saying ma'am so often to her. "Peter and I always have fun, don't we buddy?"
"Is it true that Captain America was there?" A female this time. "Has someone else really taken up the mantle?"
"Don't be," Tony waved him off. Why was he sorry?
"All the more reason to get her out." Tony rubbed his face with his hands. "I'm not part of one SHIELD's missions, Mary! And I don't want SHIELD getting involved in stuff they shouldn't know about!"
Tony hummed and nodded, closing his eyes again. "Those make me sleepy. I'm okay with this." Steve pushed himself up from the chair and walked over to the bed. He pushed Tony hair gently from his forehead and dropped a soft kiss there. "I'm okay with that, too," he said as he gave Steve a sleepy smile. "I prescribe a kiss every hour, no chance of overdosing." He heard Steve snort softly, then felt his fingers threading through Tony's before nodding off.
Tony though, Tony was a different matter entirely. After the first week of not being able to sleep, of Mary staying up with Steve, he had been able to admit that perhaps he needed help. Even with the Super Soldier Serum, he still needed to sleep. Tony was the opposite. Unless it came to Peter, he would rather take a firing squad of rocket launchers outside of the suit than admit that something was wrong or that he needed help. To Tony, there was nothing that he couldn't fix, nothing that he couldn't handle on his own. Mary suspected that had more to do with how he was raised as a child, and then his parents death at Fourteen, but it didn't change what was happening now.
"Never said it was a birthday present," Steve said with a little smirk. The little shit. "I did want to say, I'm sorry." Tony frowned. Why was he apologizing to Tony? "All those things I said, back on the Hellicarrier, none of them were warranted, or true, and-"
"Then Peter is going to whine." Steve grinned. They turned the corner and Steve was looking at Tony when he was suddenly tackled to the ground. Tony's hand went to his wrist as he went to step in front of Meg, the black clad figure rolling off of Steve and to his feet. Tony saw a metal hand and tensed.
"Make it forty-five," Tony said before ending the call.
“Sure, on their time- oh.”
"It's the opposite when he's with me," Tony said quickly, and Steve looked up at him. "He's always talking about you, when he's with me, that is. You teach him how to draw, and you're teaching him about how colors work. I can't do that, I'm more suited to the science stuff, the logical numbers, I can't do the art, and spatial awareness thinking." Tony moved one of his hands to rest on Steve's upper arm. "I'm sure Mary told you, but yeah, I was jealous of you, too. You didn't have to hide when you went to pick up Peter from school, or take him out to the park. For fuck sake, you were the one I told to take care of my son when I flew up into the wormhole! I trust you with his life, to raise him,...." Tony trailed off and swallowed thickly.
"Steve's gonna pretty upset if you keep appearing to everyone but him," Tony said easily, keeping his eyes on Bucky's. "Specially since he's a new Daddy. Named his kid after you and everything." Bucky seemed to move, fingers flexing a little. Discomfort? "Can't imagine Cap's best friend trying to avoid him."
Loki glanced up at him, the cuts and injuries he had endured, mostly from the Hulk, looking red, but starting to heal. "I wondered when you would come." Tony grit his jaw a little, but didn't move. "Did you feel him as well?" Tingles raced up Tony's spine at his words. "I had not expected the reaction when you were affected by the spear."
Peter nodded and moved so Tony could pick him up with one arm, biting back the groan as he muscles and joints protested. He needed to rest himself, his body was trying to tell him that, but that could wait for a couple more hours.
“Thank you!” Peter said before running back over and taking Tony’s hand. “Now we have to find Flynn and Rapunzel.”
"Yeah, hey," Tony nodded a little, looking around a bit, not letting Steve's eyes settle on anything. "Fancy seeing you around here, getting out of your apartment and all that. Have a meeting or something?"
"Nope," Mary said shaking her head, merging into bridge traffic. "At the moment, no one else knows that you're back."
“California, yes,” Tony said with a nod, sitting on the end of Peter’s bed. The car was downstairs, ready to take them to the jet. Steve had already packed up Jamie’s stuff, and everything except for Peter’s stuff had been packed in the truck of the car.
Tony grinned then made himself comfortable, sitting next to Mary on the bed. Bruce took a couple more readings from the equipment around her, made sure she was comfortable, then left them, shutting the door. Tony reached over, taking Mary's hand and lacing his fingers with her. "I won’t tell Agent about this if you won't," Tony said with a little smile. Mary lifted their hands and planted a soft kiss on his knuckles.
“How much coffee have you had?” Bruce asked with a smirk, as they all let Tony ramble.
You're all still beautiful, and amazing! <3
"You got lucky with it!" Steve looked at her with what Tony called his Captain America eyes. Not the disappointed eyes, those were worse than Peter's Puppy eyes. "If anything, you probably just put yourself on his radar."
"You know how you wanted to get back to your apartment?" Tony asked Steve, leaning the doorway to his bedroom. "Well, wanna head on over to Queens with me and the boys?"
"He obviously listens to you, and I'm starting to get creeped out," Tony told her quickly. Bucky hadn't moved a muscle since the last time he spoke. "He obviously looking your way, probably waiting for a command."
“Linda,” Steve supplied.
"You're only human," William said as he got up from the couch.
"-gonna live here now?" Peter whispered to Tony.
"Daddy!" Tony looked around, hearing the cry from far away. Tony started to tread water now, kicking his feet, looking for the familiar exit of a cave that he could remember from nearly five years ago.
There was a soft click behind Tony, and he turned away from the pool, expecting to see Steve coming in. A bright flash of blue light and his eyes widened at the large shadow of a figure. Tony was suddenly falling and the air felt thick and it was hard to move. He was no longer in the pool room, and he looked around, recognizing the streets of New York, seeing the Tower behind him. Tony's feet didn't touch the ground, but everything was frozen. Cars were in mid-motion in the street, and there was a black town car parked in front of the Tower.
His hands were chained in front of him, and his chest and legs were bound, not that tightly he noticed, to the chair he had been propped up in. There was a hiss as part of the glass swung out, and someone was walking in. A familiar face as of recent for Tony.
“I know, and you did it.” Steve praised, and Tony relaxed in his arms. His whole body felt sluggish, and his brain was having a hard time keeping up. He was just so tired, and he hurt. “Stay awake, Tony,” Steve’s voice seemed to bounce around his ears. “Come on, stay with me.” He was shifting again, and he though he felt other hands, smaller hands, on his arm before blacking out.
"Like you don't have one in your car, already," Tony said, eyebrow raised. "Also, I'm giving you the most important task, right next to saving my handsome ass from a desert, of taking me to pick up Peter." Rhodey raised both eyebrow, a little surprised. "I can't take any of my cars, and I can't ask Happy. If the press sees my car, even the town car leave, they'll follow and they'll see Peter."
"Don't want a repeat performance of when we found out about the allergy," Tony said. He stopped when he found himself up in the main hall with Steve. When had they made it all the way upstairs? "I don't know if I could get my doctor here that fast again."
"I'm glad I'm the one getting this call, then," Bruce said, and Tony could practically hear the eye roll. "So, why am I getting this call?"
"Wouldn't help this time," Steve said quietly. He put the tablet back down, not really knowing what he was really doing with it anywhere. Although Steve was loathe to relive his nightmare, he thought that it might help Tony open up. "It started here, in the streets, from May."
"Early in the morning," Steve replied, stopping at the edge of the table. Tony just grunted. "I didn't know about this, Tony."
“Except for bullies,” Tony teased.
"Because then how would Wade and Peter be able to date?"
Steve dropped a kiss on the top of his head. “No, not yet. He’s gonna get lots of rest so he can feel better real soon.” Peter nodded seriously, and Steve moved to rub Wade’s shoulders a little. “Eat your breakfast before you have to start classes. I’ll even take you and Wade out if you get down early.” They both grinned and turned back to their plates.
Steve nodded stepping into the metal box, hands resting on his belt in default stance. "You'll update me as soon as Tony has anything on the shooters stuff?"
"You said that that you were taking me to an apartment?" Mary wasn't sure if he was asking a question, or making a statement. "Am I not going to a military base?"
“Nope,” Steve said with a shake of his head. “I learned a lot of it from Mary, honestly, but I’ve also seen it firsthand. I think we both can safely say that I wouldn’t be with someone if they just wanted a status boost, or just to have some arm candy. The fact that were able to keep this hidden, for the most part, for this long is quite impressive. You were always looking out for me as I continued adjusting to a new century, and you’re trying to keep Peter, and Jamie, away from the public eye, because you want to keep things as normal as possible for them. As normal as can be considering that they have an eccentric billionaire for a Dad.”
"Good." Steve closed his eyes again. He shifted his legs and found that they were harder to move. Peeking one eye open, he glanced down and saw that in the night Tony had tangled his legs with Steve's. Tony had claimed to not be a cuddler, but when they slept in the same bed, Tony did his best to become one entity with Steve in the middle of the bed.
"There will one day be an epic battle of the sexes," Rachel declared. "And then, you will understand where you went wrong when you are defeated."
"Come have dinner with us," Steve blurted, not wanting Bucky to finish that sentence. "All four of you, come up for dinner." Bucky stared at him. "Tony will be back with Peter by then, and he's feeling jealous of Jamie, so a distraction would probably help him as well. And then while the kids are playing, or sleeping, whatever we'll figure that out, then we'll talk. We'll go from there." He saw that Bucky was unsure about what was happening, didn't really want to say yes. "Nothing else it going to happen today, so we might as well work on this, yeah? It makes sense, even tactically."
"Sir, Mrs Fitzpatrick is headed for the front door. She appears to be angry." Tony frowned at Jarvis's words and quickly left, with Steve right behind him.
"I can make something small," Tony said with confidence, still looking ahead. "And if they already have some ideas, well," he shrugged a little, "it's no secret the Stark name has a lot of money. Couldn't think of something more worthwhile to throw money at." They both looked over to couch, seeing Coulson with his arm around Mary's shoulders, Peter's head bobbing up between them as he marveled at the fireworks. Steve moved a little closer, their shoulders almost touching, looking back up at the sky.
"Sir," Jarvis spoke up from the phone as a loud howling wind sounded from outside. "Might I suggest finding shelter for the suit? Conditions are not safe to fly in it for the next several hours, to possibly overnight."
Mary's mother let out a breath, looking at Steve, then nodded. "I hadn't realized that so much had happened." She didn't offer any more words and went back inside the room where the rest of her family was. Steve wasn't expecting a full turn around, but he supposed that this would be enough. Maybe it would be enough for her to back off Tony at least.
Wade and Peter had bonded right away when Wade saw Peter's Captain America hoodie, both boys being Cap fans. Tony thought he might show Wade his collection one day; Peter had already told him about it.
"Uh, actually, I'm planning on threatening you." He pulled out some ice, then a decanter, slipping one bracelet on. "Then, I'm going to kill you." Loki laughed softly as Tony slipped the second bracelet on, and poured the drink in the glass.
“What have you been doing the past four or five years??” Steve turned on the loveseat to face Tony more. Tony was holding onto his phone in one hand, and a mug of coffee in the other.
"Daddy?" Peter asked softly, and Tony hummed in answer. "Can you draw?"
"Go ahead and bring that over here." He motioned to Steve. "Let the engineer fix this." Steve walked over with the pool noodles, his first attempt already starting to unravel. "Wet noodles are the worst." Tony shot Steve a little smirk, and brought the water toys up into his lap. Steve rolled his eyes a little, but Tony could see the smirk at his lips.
"Blueberry?!" Peter looked like his eyes might pop out of his head. Mary was standing over the stove, flipping a pancake out of the pan and onto a plate. Turning around she put the plate in front of Peter, the dark little berries visible on the perfectly cooked food. Peter squealed and jumped, almost falling out of his seat. Tony rushed forward, grabbing the collar of Peter's shirt and pulling him back straight. "Daddy!" Peter turned his head to look up at Tony, and unknowingly into the camera. "I get blueberry pancakes!"
As soon as he walked in, he could see that Mary and Meg were trying to put as much space between them and the boys as possible. Bucky looked like he was ready to put a window and a few hundred feet between him and Steve.
Peter fell asleep in Tony's arms later that night, and Tony didn't care. He'd hold his son forever. He and Mary had managed to change Peter into his pajamas without Tony having to let go of him, and now Mary was sitting on the couch in her own night clothes, a mug of tea in her hands.
"Colonel Rhodes, if you could please hurry to the front room." Jarvis took over, and Tony would later be forever grateful, when his brain had recovered from shock.
"Nope, not yet," Tony shook his head. "She kind of works for the FBI, and Pete's only two, so he doesn't need that kind of attention."
"Tony!!"
“J’me,” Tony mumbled. Steve blinked, then realized that they could still hear her crying. “J’me.”
"Sir, Director Fury is stalling." Oh no, not Clint. That's why Barton hadn't been moving, and Mary's hands tightened around her pistol as she heard his voice. She needed to start moving now, make sure no one was in the way if Fury couldn't stop them. "This place is about to blow. Drop a hundred feet of rock on us, he means to bury us." Mary turned on her heel and headed back out of the lab. She drew in a sharp breath when she heard the single gunshot, but didn't stop moving.
“Thanks, Jarvis.” Steve lifted the phone to get a picture of the plate, then was up and moving. He knew the car had started heading west, so he could at least start that way, and Jarvis would tell him where to go after that.
"Well, you're company did," the blonde shot back at him.
Steve leaned over to look over Tony's shoulder, then pointed at something. "That's one of my favorites."
"We can go back inside," Tony told him.
“What if I said that it was classified?” Steve countered right back.
"Daddy," Peter's lip wibbled and threw himself against Tony. Tony wrapped his arms around his tightly, kissing the top of his head, rubbing his back, sussing softly.
"Of course I'm not!" And he wasn't, Tony would never give up on Peter. As he headed for the suit assembly, Tony vowed he would get Peter back, he'd find Banner, and he would make Loki pay for even looking at, much less touching, Peter. Thor's brother or not, no one touched his son without his permission.
Steve chuckled and nodded. “Yeah, I did do a lot of that. I talked to some people, too, learned some stuff about the Twenty-First century. But, it’s nice to be back home.” Mary raised an eyebrow at him.
“Let’s cut some cake,” Rachel said as she swooped in to take the cake from Steve’s hands. Jamie reached out for her Papa and Steve happily bundled her up in his arms, blowing a raspberry on her cheek. She squealed and pushed at Steve’s face a little, wiggling her body. Steve laughed, holding her close.
"You'll show me later, anyway," the older man said with a shrug. "And all I need is some tea right now, and I'll be good for a few more hours."
"I'm getting ready to leave for a mission," he started, headed towards the metal. "Wanted to let you know, and check up on that harness?" He jumped back a little when a metal arm came from the pile, Dum-E's claw spinning. He chuckled a little and pat the bot's arm.
Pepper gasped and moved closer as she looked at the eggs. “Are they going to hatch?” She asked with big eyes. Tony nodded, holding onto Vee in his arms now. She climbed up to his shoulder to perch, preening happily. Her and Tony had raised these eggs, and now it was all paying off. “I’ve never seen colors like that before.”
"Tony, why are you calling me at six in the morning?" Mary pushed her face into her pillow.
"Why's that?" Steve asked, mirth dancing in his tone.
“My mistake, Morgan.” Steve put out his hand, asking permission to pet her, and she nodded, pushing her head into his hand. Tony watched them carefully.
"Loki!" Thor was inside and running at his brother. Steve moved before Thor could tackled the other man, moving closer to Tony and Peter.
“I don’t wanna hear anything about beauty products from you,” Bucky grumbled to him. “She’s easier to ask about this stuff than Tony is, and I know that Tony buys all the stuff that you use in the shower, so I can’t ask you. And I’m certainly not about to ask the other Avengers who would rather stab me with the body wash than help me buy it.”
"Because you're a superhero. And you promised." Tony hugged Peter tightly, kissing the top of his head.
“Well, whatever happened, it doesn’t stick for long,” Mary told him, leaning against the wall. “Jarvis got me a message before he was pretty much shut down, and I ran down here. You were on the floor, she was getting the kids dressed, like they were going out. She didn’t see me at first, but something seemed odd, and that’s when I grabbed her phone from table. She’s had good training, I’ll tell you.” Tony glanced over at her, then looked back down at the tablet, trying to reboot Jarvis. “As we were fighting though, she would pause, and blink, then say something.”
"I've been working on that one for a couples weeks, and I've already done two glass sun catchers, and I've got a window commission."
"Apparently not during regular waking hours," Tony said with a smirk. He grabbed Peter's converse and started to put them on the squirming boy.
“Do you have cameras that get any view of the street?” Steve asked the security guard. “The parking lot, or street parking? Anything that might get a view of cars driving by?” The guard nodded as he leaned over to bring up the footage. Steve was trying not to tap his foot too much, or break something with the mix of anger and anxiety he was feeling.
"Making it smaller means giving away your job?" Mary leaned back in her seat, watching him closely. Tony had to remember that she used to work the FBI, and now worked with SHIELD; he couldn't give anything away.
"Good luck with that one," Steve told him. "I told her she's on her own with that one, I'm gonna stick to one series at a time."
“He said it to me, too!” Wade piped up. Tony looked at Steve and pointed to Wade, as if somehow proving a point. Steve just let out a little sigh.
"Is Daddy coming here now?" Peter asked quietly, looking back up at Mary. Tony was gone from the screen. Mary pulled him back against her chest and nodded.
"The Expo, the whole thing, it's, it's the answer." Tony tried to explain, sitting back in the chair. "It's like, it's science!"
Tony pushed himself back, only looking away when a light caught his eyes. Another portal was opening, and he could see the army, could see the earth. They were going to destroy the Earth, like they meant too the first time, and he had lead them there. He would be left here, with the bodies of those he had gotten killed, those that he had loved. No, not everyone. Peter was still on earth. He had let him down, just like Steve said. He had let him down, and now Peter was going to die, and Tony would be left to rot in the darkness of space.
"Why do you think that?" Steve asked, walking over to them, glancing at all the broken glass on the floor.
“Yeah,” Steve said with a little laugh. “It had to be this one.” He kept one around Jamie, his other snaking out to wrap around Tony’s waist. He saw Peter carefully hurry by, carrying a plate over to Bruce, and then run back to get more. Wade was right behind him, handing a plate to Sam, and doing the same. Steve leaned his head back a little, pressing a kiss to Tony’s neck. “I like this one, I’m going to keep him.” Tony wrinkled his nose, like he did every time he tried not to smile too widely. “Hopefully for a good long time.”
As the elevator stopped he was sprinting out and down the hall towards the Wilson apartment. He stopped and back-tracked when he saw that it was Meg's door that was wide open, and there was some yelling from inside.
"Well, I was told that you were the sci-fi expert." Tony raised an eyebrow at him. "I'm trying to broaden my movie horizons."
"Stay out here, I know of several people who would rather keep you in one piece, and I want this entrance still guarded, even during an evac," he told her.
"Ouch Kate," Tony put a hand to his chest. "Jumping from the gate on this one, aren't we? What happened to lobbing me a couple of easy ones?"
“Flaaare,” she trilled out quietly, but happily. Tony grinned at her, then grinned at Vee. This was his family, and he would protect them to the end.
“With your fists.”
The end of the world must be coming if you’re acting like me,” Steve quipped.
"Same weird child that stares at people until they wake up." Tony scrunched his eyes up a bit. "Seriously, that's creepy." Wade's mom only shrugged. "Well, yes, he made his case, and I can't find a fault in it. I'd like it, and I know I'm not the only one, if you and Wade would take up residence at the Tower." Julie blinked slowly at him, not moving. "Doesn't have to be anything huge, like the penthouse that I have, and you wouldn't have a mortgage. Peter and Wade are constantly having sleepovers, and doing homework together until either you, Mary, or myself come pick them up, so this would be easier. They could ride together to school, so they leave at the same time, and not be late." Tony took a little breath. "And, there would always be someone nearby, for when you have to go to the hospital," he said gently.
Plot progression!
“I know,” Peter said softly with a nod.
“Some of these pictures have Jamie in them.”
spy. His secrets have secrets. It's bugging him too, isn't it?" He looked over at Bruce, who wanted nothing more than to not be involved in this awkward conversation.
"Tony?" Steve said quietly, brokenly. Oh. It was a flashback.
"There's always more when it comes to Hydra," Bucky said darkly. "I don't think there's a chance that's she's been brainwashed, or anything like that." Not like me, was left unspoken. "But, she said she'd understand if-"
“Steve, have you taken on a new friend?” She didn’t think it would happen, was pretty sure that it never would happen.
"Wade's mom is over there, and she may be an inpatient at the moment, because that Jackson she was trying find didn't actually make it and now she has no meds-" He stopped when Steve placed both hands on Tony's shoulder.
"I am just battle weary, but nothing that will not heal," Thor said, nodding. "But, I think that you did not come to inquire about my health."
"I've come to put an end to Loki's schemes!" Thor shouted at him, looking at him like it was all his fault.
“Still inside the Tower. Jarvis is combing the internet for pictures of the kids where they clearly got too close,” Steve informed him, looking down at his phone. While Tony had finished his appointment, Steve and Jarvis had teamed up to assess the damage, and then try to control it as much as they could. “He’s trying to suppress as many pictures of them as possible. All the things they’re jumping to is ridiculous.” He shook his head a little. “I don’t think this would such a big deal if they hadn’t of seen the name on the building right away.”
"You do still report directly to me." Coulson grinned.
Also, I cannot stress enough, that I am NOT in any way a mental health expert. There are many resources available, and I urge that if anyone feels the need to talk to anyone, or seek anything to do so. It's very important to take care of yourself, mentally and physically. I love you all. <3
"Daddy said he had to go talk to some old men, who didn't know what they were talking about." Peter said, going back to his drawing. "Even Mr Steve turned the channel."
Bucky leaned against the door of the car at the school, watching as kids started to trickle out. Parents were closer to the doors, talking to each other, and talking to some of the teachers and staff that came out as well. For some reason though, his eyes were drawn to a woman with braided back blonde hair that was starting to grey. She walked with a slower pace, but with a purpose, waiting for someone. Like half the other adults that were there.
What Tony knew for sure was that there was going to be way too much sugar going into Peter and Wade's little bodies, and he was going to regret this come bedtime. Tony was trying to frost the cupcakes as Peter tried write Wade's name on a card with Jarvis's help. That's when he caught a whiff of something burning. Tony whipped around towards the stove and saw a bit of smoke trying to escape from the oven. The second batch of cupcakes were not going to make it.
Tony tapped his teeth together a couple of times. "You know that it could have ended worse."
Tony's mouth opened a little. "Uh, thanks, Rachel. And thanks, for back there, in the foyer." She gave him a rare smile and Tony hurried from the room. He didn't actually know how to handle the support from her, and he had other things to worry about at the moment anyway.
"He told me the basics, but the older model was poisoning you?" Steve said and Tony nodded.
“Sure!” Peter nodded, beaming at the chance to show off, something that Jamie obviously couldn’t do.
"Stane!!" Mary and Stane looked over, something shooting through the sky towards him. That was Tony's voice! Tony slammed into Stane, driving them through the ground, and out of sight. She took a trembling breath and went over to Pepper, freeing one hand to check on her pulse, while never once letting go of Peter.
“At twenty-seven,” Steve pointed out, and he had a look that meant that he was about to shoot Tony’s point into a thousand pieces. “The same age that I am right now.” Tony groaned a little, letting his head drop back onto a pillow. He winced gently, and Steve’s hand was carding through his hair. “So, before you say anything else about wasting my youth, of which I’ll probably have a lot of, just know that I can say everything right back to you.”
“See, there you go again!” Tony pushed against Steve’s side, but the man didn’t deviate from as he walked. “Such a sap! Maybe I was wrong, maybe you’re gonna be the woman in the relationship.” Steve wrinkled his nose up and looked at Tony as they crossed a crosswalk with a small crowd. “I know, technically no one needs to, but you’re just so undeniably sappy, and romantic-“
There was a beat before Pepper responded. "I was right, I'm not comforted."
"Have you been looking at schools? Like I told you to so long ago?" Tony smirked a little at the look she gave him. "I get that look a lot, usually from my personal assistant, when she's secretly hoping that I'll just stop talking and generally making her job harder."
Thinking about it, it wouldn't be a bad move to stay here. The apartment in Queens was a bit of ways from the New York HQ, not that he went there that often, and Mary was still his Handler. Peter would be here, as would Tony, and Bruce. He didn't really have any big attachments to the apartment he was staying out now either. Steve decided that when Tony, or Peter, asked if he would stay here, he would say yes. It was just easier.
"It's chaos out there," Tony said, gesturing towards the outside. "And if I can stop something from adding to that chaos, then things will go much better as we try to head back towards normalcy." Steve moved forward then, wrapping an arm around Tony's waist, lifting him up and moving backwards away from Rachel. Tony growled and tried to break free of Steve's hold, but the blonde pressed the phone to Tony's ear.
“Are we talking about Peter and Wade’s inevitable future together?” She asked as she walked over to them, the boys behind her still talking, sharing everything they both did while apart.
"Yeah!" Pete opened the sketchbook to show him a drawing he made of his grandparents house. "It's got really thick paper, and they said that I could even use marker on it! I can use pencil, and crayon, and marker, and all sorts of stuff!"
"How does he not drive you crazy?" The former assassin asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
Tony choked on the air, unable to draw in breath, the voice sending a chill straight to his bones. There was a metallic glint from the roof across the street and when he looked up a pain blossomed in his chest. He gasped and felt himself falling forward this time, the pain radiating throughout his entire body. The streets of New York disappeared, an arm wrapped around his shoulder and under his arms. Tony felt his head being pushed and he started to trash.
"Rachel and William are cooking," Steve told him, taking one step to the side when Tony tried to sidle past him. "Tony. Why did you have to go see Loki this morning?" And now Steve was giving him the eyes, the eyes that said he really hoped that he didn't have another mind-controlled teammate.
“-but it is clear that he was corrupted early on. I can only assume by all the time he spent with Peter.”
“Can we stop saying that word now?” She zipped up the suitcase and Tony pushed over Peter’s backpack to her. “You’re statement for the press was very nice by the way.” Tony wiggled his nose a little.
Tony took a shaky breath, keeping eye contact with Steve. "You play damned unfair, Rogers."
Steve hummed a little, a little smirk. "He probably will. Good thing you've already got Phil in his own room."
"Trying to be me is not a good look on you, Rogers." He kissed Steve's nose. "I know that things went well between you and your bestie in the kitchen. You even sent them back down with leftovers." Steve nodded a little. "And we're both fairly confident that our friend was being manipulated by her family, and we're all fairly safe from that threat." Another nod. "So, I'm thinking that it has to be a combination of something that's been on your mind for a little bit, or a while, and it was unintentionally touched upon in kitchen conversation?"
“I don’t want your money, Tony,” she told him, looking him in the eye. “I didn’t come to try and stronghold you into anything.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at the taller man, then wound back and threw a punch straight at his face. Loki hadn’t seen it coming and jerked back from the hit, eyes widening a little bit. “This is your fault, you asshole! You undo what you’ve done right now!”
"Because you'll know what to look for right away, and we'll be working together?" Tony put on a little smile. "It'll be a Science Bros reunion, you and me."
"I didn't assign her, but I'm pretty sure you can't fire her right now," Mary said, with a roll of her eyes. "She's working with Pepper, as well."
Tony watched him carefully. He saw the moment that Steve fell in love with the baby, saw it in his eyes, saw in his stance, even seated. "Yeah, Cap," he said quietly. "If you want to do this," he added, and Steve looked back up at him, a small wrinkle between his brows. "I'm just, giving you all the options, even the unpopular ones. You know what it's like to help with six year old, how to handle that. But, a six month old, that's all different."
"Captain, Stark," Fury said as they approached the small group. "I see you're ready to take a couple things off our hands?"
"You can not judge that quickly." They were sitting on the couch, at either ends, the TV on. "You can't even judge it on the first episode, which seems incredibly cheesy I know, or even the very short first season. I'm serious, it gets better."
"And I'll get away with it," Steve beamed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mr Stark-"
Steve had fallen asleep on the couch, Vee on his stomach, Amethyst up by his head next to Morgan. Citrine, Emerald, and Aquamarine were curled up around, and over, Steve’s feet, while Jet and Topaz were on the floor against the couch. Arc was behind the couch, but he was large enough that if he opened an eye he could keep an eye on all of them at any given time. Brave was perched on the back of the couch at the end, head tucked under a wing as he slept peacefully.
Steve’s eyes shot open as his hands gripped the sheets beneath him. He tried to drag in a deep breath, the nightmare still lingering around his mind. His body jerked when fingers dug into his chest. Tony was laying on top of him, his hands on Steve’s chest. “Tony.” He tried to clear his throat when his voice came out weak and raspy, as if he had been screaming. “Tony,” he tried again. When he reached up, his hands touching Tony’s, Tony’s body spasmed then curled up, screaming in pain and he pulled his hands into his own chest.
“She’s just worried,” Steve told him as he nodded. “What you went through is something that not even an adult should have to go through. She’s not the only one, but we just want to make sure that you know you can talk to anyone about it. It’s a huge thing.”
“Mmmmm,” Mary tapped her chin, humming loudly. “I don’t know. Maybe I can help if you tell me where you’re going.”
"While Bruce and I were working on the new model, we went through some of Howard's old stuff from SHIELD, and we found some old films. He left a message for me on one of them, and it didn't click right away, the words that he used, and Bruce didn't comment on it but I think he knew." Tony leaned against the hutch, his back to the alcohol now. "'What is, and always will be, my greatest creation, is you.' When the nicest thing you can ever remember from your father saying to you is 'Good job on not pissing off the Board', you take a line like that as hit or miss." Tony rubbed his face with his hand. "He never told me that he loved me, and then he calls me his 'greatest creation', what is that supposed to mean?"
“It’s called love!” Tony called out as Bucky started to push Steve out of the apartment. “You should try it! Start dating!” He could still hear Bucky’s snort from the doorway. “Date Meg!”
“Guess, I’m a little more tired than I thought,” he mumbled out. “Where did Jamie go?”
He wasn't disappointed.
“It was only two days,” Steve corrected and started to leave the secure room, hand on Wade’s shoulders so he’d follow. He didn’t usually like when Peter or Wade went up there without permission, or without an adult with them. At the moment Jamie wasn’t allowed up there at all. That’s where most of the Avengers weapons were secured, their suits, and other components that they didn’t really need to be getting their noses poked into. Since Bucky and Steve had been training with Peter and Wade though, they allowed them a little freedom on the rule, as long as they used common sense, and didn’t sneak around.
Mary raised an eyebrow at him. "An extended stay again?" Tony just nodded, and Mary glanced at Steve. "This is the, third?, time since school started." Steve snuck a glance at Tony that Mary didn't miss. "I'm missing something."
Steve nodded and let out a little sigh. "I still don't know nearly enough about what kind of father Howard was with Tony, but I know there are some deep seeded insecurities if he thinks the only way to do this is to keep a secret in the gym."
"How long do you think that would take?" Steve asked her calmly. Tony wasn't sure how he could sound so calm.
“Because my birthday is coming up,” Peter told him. “I’m gonna be Eight this year.” Tony couldn’t help but smirk a little at the very matter-of-fact tone coming from his young son.
“Those were good instincts, Wade,” Tony softly praised.
"Who's his Chewbacca?" Julie asked the boys, and Mary shot a her a look, begging to not encourage them.
What the actual hell was going on? Steve landed and ran for the fight, because it was glaringly obviously where the two men were. He threw his shield, watching it hit Thor's chest, bounce to Iron Man, bounce off, and then angled back up to him. One arm was pointed at Steve now, the other at Thor, until Stark registered who had attacked them.
"You're probably going to be feeling sore for a bit," Bruce told her, eventually having to stop Tony from putting too many pillows behind her. "But, no worries, we have a plan for that."
"Sometimes." Tony looked at Steve.
“I wish I knew for sure,” Steve mumbled. Tony ducked under his arm to take the weight off of his injured leg, and they slowly made their over to the elevator doors to wait for its return. “It was the Colonel that had Wade, but I’m a little shocked at how prepared he was.” Tony frowned, looking up at him. “He had at least a dozen armed men, that I could see, and they were very well covered. It was too much to just hold a child. Although, I suppose in a way it wasn’t enough.”
Tony ran up two flights of stairs before he thought he saw sunlight. "Oh, this is gonna hurt my eyes. Hang on." Reaching down he pulled a piece of fabric up and out to be a cover over the baby's eyes, but not lay over her face. "Listen, usually I'd say, make your displeasure known, wail away if the sun hurts, but that would be really counter-intuitive to escape." An explosion rocked the floor under Tony's feet, and he instantly curled his body over hers. "He's close, that's for sure." Tony checked to make sure the leather journal and vials were still tucked in some folds of the fabric, before reaching out for the door.
Tony carried Peter to the Kitchen, sitting back down at the stool, but the snacks, looking over at Rhodey and his progress. Peter leaned over in Tony's arms, using his finger to wipe some peanut butter off the chopping board and putting it right into his mouth.
"She's been here two days, Peter." His finger tapped Peter's back lightly. "We're not going to ignore you, Petey-pie."
Peter's eyes widened, mouth opening, and passing his own hand through the ornament. "How did you do that??"
"How do you know so much about this?" Tony asked softly as he sat on the other side of the boys, so he and Steve were on either side of them.
“That’s your first thought??” Sam looked at Tony with big eyes.
"I think I would just cut the wire." Tony bit his tongue, hands fisting at his side.
“We’ll figure this out when Dr Strange comes back over sometime.” Steve leaned his head on top of Tony’s, hand rubbing his arm up and down. “He said that he put up a shield, something that’s clocking you from being found, so we should have a little time.”
"I made a promise to Peter," Steve looked at Tony "That I'd help you."
“Technically, she didn’t finish his name,” Steve threw in and Tony shot him a look. “I’m going with it doesn’t count.” Tony narrowed his eyes at him a little, nose scrunching a little.
"Ahp ahp," she pat his butt and he giggled. "At the table mister." Peter smiled and shuffled out of the kitchen, over to the chair that had a booster seat on it, climbing up. "What can I get you to drink?" Mary asked, looking at Steve. "We have various juices, water, or milk."
"Yes," Tony told him, really, unable to help himself. "I've been sticking with the saying 'What happens in the gym, stays in the gym', much like what I said that very same night as well." Tony dropped back down, groaning a little. "You would be the one to be all respectful about this. There are a hundred and one things that you could be asking me about."
They drove, and they waited. It sounded like a large plane was coming in, knowing the sound from her time with Steve, and then Pepper and Happy were stepping out of the car. She waited in the back.
Steve pulled Tony close, as close as he could, not moving their hands. He leaned his head against the top of Tony's, pressing his lips to Tony's forehead. Tony let out a choked sob, no longer able to keep it in. "I saw you dead. It was my fault. I killed everyone, and you were there, I watched the life leave your eyes." He felt Steve's hand tighten around his. "I didn't do enough, I let everyone down. You were dead."
"We did not need the woman anymore," the man said, noticing that he was looking around. "So we dispatched of her." He spread his hands wide as Tony jerked once in the chair, clenching his jaw. "We are going to be spending a lot of time together, Mr Stark." Strucker walked over, sitting down on the cot that was against the wall. "Your friends and family will not be able to find you, at least not easily."
"Tony?" Tony looked up and over at Mary's soft voice. Some of life came rushing back at Tony as he focused on her. He was in a jet, his own private jet. They were flying back to New York from Monaco, after someone had tried to kill Tony. Once the jet landed, life was going to catch up with Tony.
"Did you see the way she reacted just then?" Natasha said taking a step closer to Steve. "That's a conditioned response if I ever saw one."
"Granma says I look more like Mama," Peter told him.
"I'll be thirty-four," Tony answered after a second. "I mean it, Rogers, no celebration."
' That would be entertaining.
"By trying to make a different legacy," Mary argued. "For Peter, and for you."
"Not thinking about it Bruce," Tony said, putting his hands on Steve's shoulders and directing him back towards the dance floor. "Doing it!" Steve looked vaguely scared, not sure what was going on. "Alright, Spangles, just listen to the song, and watch everybody else. I have faith in you."
“That’s the voice,” Tony whispered to him. “It’s what I heard....” He sighed as he tried to relax against Steve, but the pain was still feeling too real. “I actually kind of wish that Loki was still around, or alive, so I could try and grill him about this.”
Once the bullets had started flying on one side of the device, the people that were still in their cars had quickly vacated the area. On the other side people were still in their cars, engines idling, and as the barrier grew another foot, Tony caught a strange reading. There a power surge and Tony quickly flew over to where to car was. It was dead, like the others, but what had happened to the disruptors readings when the car entered the field was what had Tony's attention.
“My precious little gumdrop!” Tony cooed as he picked up the little girl from the floor. “Were you enjoying your time with Uncle Bucky Bear?” Bucky growled lowly as he pushed himself up from the floor, where he had been playing with Jamie. “Yes, Buckaroo is a funny man, isn’t he?” Steve pressed his lips together when Bucky shot him a glare. “But, it’s alright, because Daddy is back now!”
"Did you have fun today, Peter?" William asked when he sat down, and everyone descended on the food. Tony took over putting food on Peter's plate as the dishes were passed around.
Tony stepped out of the room, closing the bedroom door lightly and headed a couple doors down to Peter's room. "Hey, Jarvis, have you located Wade and his Mother?"
"Because he's apparently a fan?" Steve remembered the picture he just saw, with the little boy wearing his shield.
Tony hoped that he destroyed the voice with this missile as well.
"Yes, we're going to Queens," Mary answered first. "It's where I live, and it's where I've set up an apartment for you." She thought about how to answer his first question. "Your choices, are many, but maybe complicated." Even Mary wrinkled her nose at that. "You could always go back into the Army, you could become an Agent with SHIELD, or you could do anything else you wanted. Maybe go to Art school, or volunteer." Steve hummed a little, watching the scenery out the window now.
"She kind of scares me," Steve admitted and Tony smiled softly.
Peter had already had lunch, before they picked him up, so nap time came just after Tony showed him to his room. Rhodey understood now why Tony had changed the sheets to blue now; Peter had been overjoyed. "You remembered my favorite color, Daddy!"
"I had kind of figured when Jarvis asked me to bring Jamie with me." Steve rubbed Tony's back as he managed to stand up straight again. "We didn't exactly plan this moment out, did we?" Tony shook his head, looking at Steve with an undercurrent of panic.
After an hour, all the eggs except for the red one had hatched. Tony watched it, watched it shake and move. “Come on Ruby,” he said gently. “We’re all here waiting for you.” He smiled when the egg finally cracked. Vee walked over to it as well, the rest behind her, playing with each other, and with Pepper’s fingers. “She’s coming,” Tony said to Vee. “Fashionably late.”
"You were that small once," Tony told him, trying for a difference tactic. "You started walking for me on your first birthday, but you still needed help."
Tony's arm tightened around Peter a little more, and he dropped a kiss on his forehead. "Yeah, I'm still here, Petey." Pete snuggled against Tony's chest, hand tapping the arc reactor a couple times.
"I thought you'd never ask!" Tony smiled. "I get to pick him up from school today, and he'll be eating dinner here. I can't wait to introduce him to Uncle Bruce."
"You think it's going to be controlled?" Mary asked, and Tony snorted.
Tony answered right away. "She's in Baltimore, possible Hydra tails." He let out a breath. "Just keep following the GPS, we'll get you back home." They heard her let out a breath, then there was a crunching noise, and a shout. "What was that?"
"How many times did they ask you those questions?" Steve asked her. He had been going to ask a couple of those questions.
"When were these taken?" He felt his ire rising. His weapons, the weapons that he had halted production of.
"Not like you weren't there to add to that stress." Steve smirked a little.
The door to Mary's room opened and Tony's head popped up. He saw William walking out, a sleeping Peter in his arms. Tony hopped up, slipping his phone into his pocket and walked forward, easily taking Peter from the older man. Peter's head was on Tony's shoulder and he snuggled into Tony's chest, hand pressing against the arc reactor. Tony smiled a little.
"The second bedroom," he answered, crossing his arms over his chest in amusement. The room was packed with furniture and a couple totes, barely enough space to walk in. They could make out a new dresser on a wall by the window, and a changing table on the perpendicular wall. Those were the items that could be reached.
Tony felt himself lean his back against Steve's chest, and decided the liked the warmth of Steve a little better than of the scotch. But that was just the smell, a little part of his brain told him, perhaps the taste would be a better warmth. "Steve," he closed his eyes, feeling his throat close a little. "I have been fighting this feeling since I got back. You don't know how many times I've caught myself looking over at this bar, or thinking about it. The motion of pouring a drink is second nature, you know. Could do it one handed."
"You also have two missed calls from Miss Parker," Jarvis told him after Tony had started a blood sample into the system. "She informed that nothing was wrong Young Master," his AI quickly continued before Tony could panic. "She had been called into work unexpectedly."
Unbeta'd as usual, and Marvel owns more than me.
"You're not happy with this," Mary said as soon as he put the phone to his ear.
"You're not allowed to judge me, Spangles," Tony called out to him. The other kids had left him alone, hearing the whistle, and wanting to get some last bounces in the bouncy house before having to go home. Tony didn't feel bad at all for loading them up with sugary cake, getting them hyper, then sending them home with their parents. Not one bit.
"Yeah," Tony nodded. "This is made from a brand new element. What do you think about it?"
Tony nodded a little, snapping his fingers and pounding the flat part of his fist against his open palm in a nervous habit. "Then, I guess we can tell him together that we'll all be moving to New York."
“No!” Tony cried out, eyes widening up at Howard. “I didn’t steal it! I’m sorry, I was just curious! And then I saw the pokeballs, and two of them were dark-“
"Never know until we look. Jarvis, where is a projector we can use?" Bruce asked, putting the film reels on a chair nearby.
I will be posting something later on my tumblr about writing this chapter, and the next one, cause I started to really pour myself into it, and it got interesting.
"Keep an eye on that playlist! I have to make my own to counteract everything that he puts on there." Tony lifted his head, making a new playlist under that one. "
So, this had to be the longest time between updates, and I'm sorry for that. Just been taking care of big changes for some health issues with immediate family. And then getting attacked with a horridly fever inducing flu.
"I tried to get furnishings that you might be more familiar, and comfortable with," Mary said as she gently shut the door. In the kitchen was an icebox that looked new to him, something that he and his mother never had the luxury of owning. The stove looked better than anything he had every seen, with few buttons, and he was sure he could figure out anything he didn't know.
“We made the weapons before the enemies could fire their own.” Tony looked at her, leaning forward a little. “I have so much more to protect this time around, and I can’t lose any of it. Before, I didn’t care, that wasn’t on my list of priorities. But now, those are my only priorities. I need to create something, I’ve been working on an idea. Something to stop the aliens at the door.”
He shouted when something sharp stuck his wrist from the cuffs around them, electricity shooting through his body again. It only last for a second, but it was enough to send Tony down to his knees, panting for air.
"Daddy, wake up." Steve turned when heard Peter's soft voice. He knelt down, slipping his cowl back, looking at Tony as Peter was pushing his shoulder, trying to get him to wake up. Tony's eyes were fluttering, closed still, and his fingers were twitching with movement. "Wake up, wake up, wake up," Peter cried, pushing Tony's shoulder harder.
"Give her a chance at life," Tony growled at him. And then Wanda's hands were at his head again and he was backing up into the wall.
Tony then made two cupcakes that he figured would be just for Wade and Peter, both with a red base. On the first cupcake he took the black frosting, putting down lines to make it look like a black tip flower. Tony took the blue frosting and did the same thing on the other cupcake, a blue tipped flower. When he was done with the cupcakes he looked up to see Peter and Steve watching him, sitting next to each other.
“Oh, we have,” he nodded. He watched as Danielle just watched him. “Okay, so yes, it’s a weak excuse.” She continued to watch him, not saying anything, letting Tony open up to her. His nose twitched for a second. “I may have a touch of a problem.”
"Ms Parker," Coulson said quietly, and she looked over at him. Someone was already moving Pepper to the backseat of the car, and Coulson was handing her the bluetooth device Pepper had been using to talk to Tony. "Hello, Peter." Coulson had met Peter a couple of times, at home, right after she had started her new job. "Would you like to sit with me in the car? That way your Mom can help your Dad stop the bad guy?"
"I'm really not that amazing," Tony said quietly. "I have a large laundry list of flaws."
Speaking of, I'm putting out feelers on who might be interested in some type of podcast exploring the characters of the MCU? Exploring more into the reasons why someone might or might not have reacted the way they did in the movies, and now series, and digging into what worked, what didn't, what should have been different. Also looking into getting feedback about why some liked actions, why others didn't, like why some ppl were Team Cap, and other were Team Stark. I want to see this as like a live thing where I get feedback while it's happening, or even putting out information, then asking the big questions to follow up on the next time. It might stream on Twitch while also going out in Podcast format.
Peter jumped slid from Mary's lap and ran over to the seat, a booster seat on it, and Tony lifted him up onto it. With the hat and sunglasses on, at first glance everyone would see a father and son having fun, wearing matching outfits. Mary couldn't help but smile when she watched her son, and Tony, thinking about how the older man had changed from the first time they met. Coulson put an arm on the back of Mary's chair, prompting a slightly bigger smile. The move hadn't been so bad, so far.
The man in black stayed silent. Tony could make out that there was a mask on his face past the glare of the setting sun shining past him. "Well, if you used that to help you get in, then it must work, so not Hammer. Probably a good move. Maybe I should get into the prosthetic game, bet I could make something better."
"I should just invest in a glass company," Tony muttered under his breath "You hurt, Petey?" Peter shook his head no, and Tony dropped a kiss on his head. He put him down on his feet, keeping his son behind him as he turned to face the windows, one hand holding onto Peter. Tony's eyes narrowed at the man standing there, dressed in black with a visible metal arm.
"Good, cause it sounds like Clint and Natasha will be coming back later today."
“Take a look at any of the social media apps that Tony put on your phone. I’ll wait.”
“Oh, I know all about that, too,” Mary said with a nod. Then she hit Tony’s leg as hard as she could at the time. “We were supposed to talk about what would happen when you announced Peter to the Press.” Tony opened his mouth to protest, then blinked with wide eyes when her hand reached up to tug him down, giving him a peck on the lips. “But, I’m proud of you at the same time. Mom and Dad played the press conference for me. Peter was beaming as he watched it again.” Tony could feel his cheeks warming. “You are a proud father, Tony, and it isn’t hard to see. Such a change from the man that first held his son, eyes wide, freaking out.”
“I do. Also, I don’t do it because I can,” Steve told him. “The people that we usually go against are those without morals, or their convictions are misplaced, and it ends up hurting innocents, bystanders, those that have no reason to be hurt. Those people have to be stopped, and if we can accomplish that without having to choose lethal options, that would be preferable.”
After a minute or two Tony knocked again, no one coming to the door yet. He vaguely heard the main door opening, but didn't pay it any attention, until he heard a gasp.
"What about the Iron Man suit?"
"I don't remember him," Bucky cut in. "At least, not that well." He looked away from Tony, calculating the new movement, the people leaving and coming in. "I'm not who he remembers, who he thinks I am."
“Good to be back, Coulson,” Steve said with a smile.
"You're evil."
“You’re so cruel to me,” Steve murmured, burying his nose in Tony’s hair.
“You are so getting rewired,” Tony muttered.
"Doctor?" Steve asked, frowned a little.
"No," she said with a shake of her head. "Just a couple of us would need to go. It would look suspicious if the whole team was suddenly in the capitol." Tony didn't like what she was suggesting. "The intel isn't solid yet, so we would need to gather more."
He murmured soft words into Jamie's hair as he walked down the hall, but stopped when he heard muffled talking from Meg's door. He frowned a little and moved a bit closer. He picked up her cadence, a bit higher, but then there was a lower voice, and it wasn't from the TV. Steve glanced at Jamie then very quietly pushed the door open.
"Is a great deal," Tony finished. "I mean, free electricity, the building generates its own. And I've got enough business and companies subletting the bottom floors to render rent from anyone nearly obsolete. In reality, I have these living spaces that are just wasting away because no one's there to live in them. You'd be doing me a favor." He leaned on the kitchen table, pushing his sunglasses up. "I know you've had to change a lot of things around here, it’s been getting harder for you to keep a full-time work schedule, I know." He watched her lean back in her chair, holding her warm close to her hands. "You're under pretty intensive treatments."
"I assume that Jarvis is in the security system of the hotel." Tony nodded in the positive.
"I'm gonna be a young Obi-Wan Kenobi!" Peter shouted to Steve as he jumped around Wade.
"You're a genius that could easily be a physicist if he tried," Bruce bounced back.
"Alright, but you have to get all your swim stuff ready," Steve told them.
"Twins, huh?" Meg nodded. Steve watched them silently, anticipating. He was afraid to make a sound, thinking he was watching two cats meeting for the first time, not wanting to scare them off.
"Fantastic, so you don't actually work with Mary?" Tony looked back at him, not taking off the sunglasses though. "Do you actually work, if you're here? And you're able to watch Peter with such short notice? Thanks for picking him up from school, though. When I can't do it I'm usually stuck in a board meeting. Did Mary tell you what I do?" Steve was barely able to finish nodding before Tony was continuing. "I'm trying to get a big project into the works, and fast. I want it done this year, and I've got a lot of work to do on it still. Work actually needs to start as soon as the snow is gone, not that snow stays long on the streets of New York."
"It sounds like you're moving, Mary why didn't you tell me you were moving?" He smirked a little at her frustrated noise.
Tony spent Christmas Eve with Mary and Peter, and had flown Mary's parents back up for Christmas Day. Pepper had him booked for New Year's with doing press work for the Stark Expo, and dancing around what the Stark Tower was supposed to be. He promised that it be unveiled at the Stark Expo.
Tony twitched his nose a little, seeing the little bit of vulnerability peeking through Mary's eyes. They'd known each other almost five years now, and Peter was always their first priority, but they had built a close bond over the years. She would usually call after hearing about Iron Man on the news, checking up on him. And after the press had died down, at least back to a normal level, where he could start to slip away again, he would come over to have dinner with her and Peter at least once a week, staying after Peter went to sleep just to talk.
"You have the information now, you should tell them what you know." Steve and Tony looked over at Meg. "I know I'm a poster child of not telling right away, but my secret wasn't actively trying to kill anyone..... At the time." Bucky snorted again, now looking through information on Wade's father. "Mary deserves to know, just as much as Julie does."
"In the kitchen!" Tony called out. "Uh, head straight, then hang a left."
Tony let out a breath, nodding a little. Steve put a hand on his arm and he found Steve's blue eyes. He was smiling at him a little and Tony returned it. "So, I'm not sure if this is the right thing to do, but I'm thinking of not telling Peter until tomorrow," Tony said, a little wince on his face. "And only because, I want him to see Agent when he's awake. Don't wanna traumatize the kid with another sleeping person, and have him think that he might not wake up, too."
"You're back!" Tony grinned. He had to put Peter back on the ground, still feeling a bit of the bruises left over by the tazers from the original attack, but he knelt down to keep hugging Peter. He spotted Wade jumping out, hugging Mary, and Rachel and William more calming getting out as well. "I missed you soooooo much."
"Because you've been trying to protect yourself, and your son," she told him. "That much is obvious from the douche that plastered himself all over TV." Tony groaned. "Tell me you didn't seriously date him."
“I did not admit that the Air Force was better!” Steve quickly cut off.
"Yeah, it's me," Tony confirmed with a frown. There was an audible sound of relief.
"You're thinking weapons?" Steve asked.
Tony woke up to something pawing at his nose, and a high pitched noise in his ears. “Sir, I must insist that you wake up now.” Tony groaned a little when he heard Jarvis’s voice. His eye popped open and he saw Vee in front of his face, pacing back and forth. Her tail was swishing wildly, and she was hyperactive about something. She batted at his nose again and he grunted.
Tony sighed as he flopped on his back on the bed. “Yes, you have to get dressed,” Steve called out from the bathroom. “We’re back in New York, there are people, including our children, around.”
Two planes behind him. "That's my exit." He cut the line and took a turn. Time to lose them, avoid the attention for everyone's sake. He forgot that sometimes the military had the right training, and it was getting harder to evade what they were throwing at him. When he deployed flaps he quickly up underneath one of the planes and latched on, trying to get his breath back. Maybe it was time to call Rhodey, before Rhodey had to call Mary and Peter.
"You know, as popular as I am, and as much as we all love to talk about me, let's not forget something else." Tony motioned back to the Community Center building. "There are still people here, and all throughout Manhattan, that are still trying to rebuild. Businesses, homes, personal property, all lost by the tragic attack that occurred just a few days ago." Tony thought of the dad inside with his two girls, of the other parents and families inside. "Lest we forget so quickly, supplies, donations, and volunteers of all kind are still needed. There's going to be a lot of physical rebuilding as well as emotional, and all help is appreciated. We can't let friends, family, anyone, go without homes, without food or water, the basic necessities."
"Yeah." Mary came out of the room, a keychain in her hand, and came up next to Steve. "He just turned five last month, just before you woke up. That's my Peter." Steve noticed the smile on her face as she looked at the pictures. "That picture," she pointed to the one Steve was just looking at, "was taken the night of his birthday. That's his Dad, and it's where he's at right now. I might actually be able to clean this place up before I pick up him, too."
"Thanks, Bruce." Tony pushed himself up, leaving the patio, taking a turn and walking out into the gardens. He could hear the voices of Peter and Wade, it sounded like they were playing tag or something, and Tony knew just where to head. He turned through some bushes, to the center of the garden where there were chairs, and a large circular area that his mother had set up for entertaining. Rachel was sitting in one of the chair, underneath the large umbrella, while William was walking around, Peter holding onto one leg, and Wade holding onto the other. Tony smiled as he watched them.
"I'm not, I was just jogging in the canyon." His excuses were getting bad.
"Don't have a new phone yet," Steve told him, eventually able to tear his eyes away from the crib. "Tablet should be in here, though." He walked over to the stand by the bed and pulled open a drawer before pulling out tablet.
Steve jolted a little in his sleep, a loud, high pitched gurgle reaching his ears and him back to consciousness. He was up, blankets tumbling to the ground as he jumped from the bed and ran across the floor the door, grabbing onto the frame when he stumbled a little. In less than two seconds he was at Jamie’s doorway, then stopped, and blinked as he stared inside the room. Peter was sitting in Tony’s lap, who was on the floor, and Peter was holding onto Jamie’s hands while she stood on her own two feet. She had shoes on, but didn’t look all too happy about it.
"We're gonna spend the night here," Tony told Peter before he could ask where his best friend was. "Wade is spending the night with his mom tonight, and then we'll pick him up in the morning."
"It sounds lovely," Steve said, before she could start on a nervous talking streak. "I'd actually like to do that, thank you for the generous offer. I wish I could bring something, though."
"Might as well put that fortune to use," Rachel fired back. Slowly, slowly to was starting to like him.
“I’ll make it up to you, I promise.” Steve hummed and Tony smiled a little. Tony had taken Peter’s hand again, feeling the energy coming from him, smiling more when Steve’s arm wrapped around his waist.
"You're a genius, too, welcome to the club." Tony leaned his elbows on the computer desk. "Please, Bruce?" He asked quietly. "I got,...." He paused, taking a slow breath. "I got people I don't want to leave behind, and I've been working on this for six months."
"You didn't choose Mary's job," he said calmly. "You didn't make her go to work that day."
"I like to think that I'm a lot more comfortable than a wooden chair," Tony said with a smile. Peter leaned back against Tony's chest, as if proving the point. After that pancakes were passed around, Steve getting the first helping, Peter taking more than he could eat, but Tony assured Mary that he would eat the rest, since the boy was in his lap.
Tony's eyes widened when she moved, his other arm coming up to wrap around little Peter, freezing up. He saw that Peter already had brown eyes, dark hair peeking out from beneath the little cap on his head. Mary's hand leaned over, putting the bottle in Tony's hand, helping him adjust his arms to feed Peter, then moving him to the loveseat. Peter's hand rested on Tony's finger and Tony felt a shiver run down his spine; followed by warmth.
"I’m going to get my shield, and I’m going to find Wade,” Steve said matter-of-factly. “I’d feel better if you and Bucky stayed with Julie, to keep her calm, and to keep an eye on her.”
“Whatever gave you that idea?” He slid out, Tony right behind him with the diaper bag, and his own work bag. “This is how it’s going to be for years to come, Tony. I would just get used to it now.”
"Loki?" That was Dr Selvig, he still sounded with it, at least not injured. "Brother of Thor?" That answered that question.
"You are the first person to shamelessly accept my offer of something that could potentially get expensive." Tony was used to being turned down when he offered a gift, or to help with something. So much so that he usually just went about and bought whatever it was he wanted to give to someone, and never mention the price.
"I've got Mary helping me out," Steve admitted. "Plus, you wouldn't usually be concerned with a snow storm delaying my flight by another day. If it were Peter? Yes, absolutely, but not me so much."
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve said with a smile. “I made sure to clear it with the higher ups about training. I think it’s important that we start training as a team, no matter who can or can not respond to a call out. Knowing our strengths and weaknesses will work out to our advantage.”
"No, sorry, got a little off topic." Steve rubbed the back of his neck with his hand, other hand still in his pocket. "I just wanted to say, that if you need to talk-"
"He did it once before, I'm not too worried about him." Tony was incredibly worried about him.
"Hey, Peter," Tony said softly, and Wade moved Peter a little so that he could see Tony.
"Missed you more." Tony yawned, and stretched out his body, before turning more fully towards Steve. "What are you doing here so late? Thought you couldn't find an excuse to come back yet."
"Probably a little easier for her when she's not off saving the world." Steve smiled at him from the screen of the tablet. "There's a handsome face."
"I do not come here to trade quips, Stark," Loki said darkly. Tony swore the room got colder, and he heard Steve let out a strange huff of breath. "I need you to speak to Thor of my small amount of innocence." Tony's eyes widened a little. "You have felt what was in my head, what influence was there. You have felt what it is like to have your body turn against your allies, to fight for something that you thought to be the only reason to fight, no matter what." Loki leaned his face closer to Tony's. "You have heard them, am I not right?"
Steve had been a little awed by the size of the mansion, and all the rooms that it had. But, he also thought that each floor in the Tower was too big for just him, and when Tony had shown him the blueprints for the Penthouse remodel, he thought they would have too much room. Steve didn’t stop him, just smiled and shook his head, understanding that that was how Tony grew up, and it was how he was used to living. Plus, Steve was really looking forward to the Art room.
"Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony." Steve had spent enough time in war to know that.
"These the results?" Tony pulled himself up a little to look at the screen.
"Well I can't go over the rank of Captain, and I'm obvious not as high ranking in this mission as Mary is. And I'll admit, I don't know many other ranks without possibly crossing over into another military rank, and that's just tacky and in bad taste."
"Carrie," Tony guessed.
The door opened, Coulson slid in as Tony took the podium. Peter perked up in Mary's lap at the sight of Tony, a bit of relief winding through his little body.
BTW, the cherry allergy, specifically to maraschino cherries, is completely true. I have it. It's so fun when it freaks your friends out, too. They limit my cherry intake.
"Has he mastered rolling over yet? He has genius in his genes, you know." Tony soldered a piece, blew the smoke away and leaned away from his work. "You should look into getting him enrolled in school for next year."
He let out a sigh, looking down at the ground, before bringing his eyes back up to look at the woman in the bed. Steve couldn't help but feel guilty. If he hadn't of called her, gotten her involved, he wouldn't be looking at Meg in the bed, recovering from what could have been something fatal. Natasha had gotten a copy of the reports for him to look at. She'd recover, a minor surgery to her lung that had been nicked by the bullet, but they said she'd been lucky. She was asleep, had been since they finished surgery nearly ten hours previous, but her vitals were strong and promising.
"You should finish going through those files." Tony was seated again, Bruce searching for a vein. "If they had the information with the journals, they might have more locations saved as well."
"Daddy! Come get food!" Peter's voice called through the hallway to the workshop, and Tony smiled.
“Have fun, Tony. You’ve earned this.” He rolled his eyes a little as Pepper mirrored Mary’s words and hung up, slipping his phone back into his pocket. He strolled over to Steve and Peter, kissing Steve’s cheek, and crouching next to Peter as he examined a couple of different Lego sets.
"Something tells me that you didn't need that much time," Steve said.
"No way! I'm a young Obi-Wan, and I have the blue lightsaber. Mr Steve gets the green lightsaber," Peter said with complete seriousness. Steve glanced at Tony, starting to get lost, but wondering just how in depth this went.
“Get me there as fast as possible.”
"Yeah, him and his best friend Wade." He leaned his shoulder against the back of the couch. "I can't let him down, Sam. I gotta get Tony back here."
Tony looked back down at the game board. "For now." Yinsen raised an eyebrow at the inventor. "I, uh, I have a son." The doctor looked surprised at this. He had met Tony Stark once, as he had mentioned to him, and he followed him in the tabloids a little, it was hard not to hear about the exploits of Tony Stark. But he had never heard about the Stark Industries CEO actually having a son.
"When you offer it up like that, how can a fella say no?" Steve snorted softly and moved his arm so that Tony could rearrange. He laid out along the seats, resting his head on Steve's thigh, then leaning it against his side. His eyes closed and he smiled softly when Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair a few times. "I missed you," he whispered, knowing that Steve would hear him.
“I had everything worked out,” he said in a soft voice. “All those ugly technicalities that no one likes to think about, or worry about.”
What Tony really lamented was that he hadn't been able to leave his house, or the company, without the paparazzi hounding him at the gates. They were getting pictures of every vehicle that got close to his street. He had been forced to stay with video chats with Peter, and Mary, since the press conference.
“That last one hit a different spot,” Steve said with a nod. He pointed over to his right where there were signs of slight crinkling and scratches from the hits, but there was a fainter spot.
Tony bit his lip a little. "'Cause I'm your superhero, buddy. I love you." And he was up, headed straight for the portal, the missile too close to Zero.
"Yeah, and I would take the blame on that, but not all my fault now is it?" Tony smirked a little at the exasperated sigh. "That's right, when my beloved Science Bro decides to go AWOL without telling me how to contact him, I decide to take only, mmmm, Twelve Percent of the blame."
Nevermind. As if on cue, Steve straightened his legs, back arching as he started to wake up. The man had an internal clock that was impeccable. When Steve rolled towards his edge of the bed, Tony was able to pull his other arm back that had been under Steve's shoulders. He sat up, hoping to make it at least look like he hadn't been there all night-
“Language,” Steve intoned again and Tony slowly turned his head to look at Steve, and amused smile on his face.
"So you want to stay here, huh?" Tony did Not want to stay here, but he had been having nightmares on and off back at the Manor. After his panic attack he hadn't actually gotten a real nights sleep, spending more and more time down in the workshop. There had been the nightmares of the desert, of the cave, and then eventually came the nightmares from his childhood. "Well, we have to ask Mama if it's alright." Peter squealed a little as Tony pulled out his phone.
"I'm sorry, I'm going to need you to repeat that?" Mary was sure that it was a mistake that they would make her Captain America's Handler.
“I don’t like that they were in that position to begin with,” Steve grouched a little. “But, I’m glad that they had a little of the training. I feel better about it, now.”
Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair, kissing his forehead. "I'm not going anywhere, Petey. No matter what happens, I'll always get back to you, you know that." Steve watched Tony with his son, saw the easiness that Tony held him, tried to comfort him from something that Tony was probably all too familiar with. He slid over a little closer to grab the blanket from the end of the couch, wrapping it around Peter and over Tony.
"Sir, Ms Parker requests your help," Jarvis said, cutting the music in the workshop. Tony looked up from the new gauntlet he was working on. He had had a few new ideas for the suit, and he wanted to make the suit more compatible with the new arc reactor. At the AI's words though, Tony put down the soldering gun and pushed himself away from the desk.
"Those don't exactly look like swim trunks to me," Steve said as he look at what Tony was wearing, pushing the door to the pool room open for him. Peter and Wade were throwing different pool toys in the pool, and Steve pulled all the floaties off, throwing those in the shallow end as well.
“Things don’t exactly seem to going too well, do they?” Loki’s voice sounded softly by Tony’s ear. He was taking the bet that the other two wouldn’t shoot through Tony to get to Loki. Tony let out a low growl, but Loki just let out a slight chuckle, moving away from his ear. “Tempers seem to be flaring.”
“We have to be prepared,” he nodded. “They’re based off of the idea of the Mark VII, being able to have a suit come to me when I need it, and not have to need a service station. I’ve been fine tuning all the little things, making different suits for different needs instead of the same suit for everything. Why the need to keep adding on when I can just be prepared for everything at once?” Tony took a breath and started to rub his temples. “If we’re supposed to be the best defense for this planet, then why aren’t we taking any pre-emptive action?”
"Well, I've got the Expo coming up," Tony said with a little one armed shrug. "It's not going to be ready by the time I wanted it to be, but that's alright. It's still going to take a lot of effort. And I've got this new project, where I am going to be involved in almost every detail."
"Yeah, he's back in the States," Tony said, turning back to look at her. "I guess he needed to make sure that he didn't miss anything when he destroyed the lab. He's keeping his distance from Steve. I'm thinking there was a whole new level of torture and brainwashing, if he's trying to pick up the pieces of his memory." Mary hummed, nodding. "Right now, he's still high up on my list, but not enough to be on a constant look out."
"Well, since you stole him from my basement laboratory, I guess it only right that I steal him back." Tony's words gave Steve pause. Tony already knew Dr Banner?
"We all thought that," Tony told him seriously. "They were lying to us, trying to hide it, and I couldn't stand for that. So we went down there and brought him back here." Tony let a little smile escape when William started to grin. "He's gonna be fine, and the doctors say that he should be awake tomorrow. I don't want to tell Peter until he wakes up, though, because it'll be a nice surprise I think."
"Tony!" Mary exclaimed.
"How do you do that?" Tony asked, and Steve raised his eyebrows a little. "Make it sound okay."
"Did you take art lessons when you were a kid?" Rachel asked Steve, and he shook his head.
“I’m starting to think that perhaps these aren’t deliberate attacks anymore,” Steve said. Tony saw Rhodey and Falcon walking back over to Steve, looking at the windows as well. “Anyone with half a strategy, even a last minute one, would know to keep assaulting the same spot. This doesn’t feel very organized to me.”
Bucky stood in front of the couch, arms crossed over his chest. Peter and Wade were sitting by the coffee table, working on their homework, but they kept stealing glances at Bucky. Jamie was sitting on the floor, one of those learning toys that Steve wanted her to play with in front of her. Thankfully this one didn’t make noise.
Tony turned him, making his movements a little jerky, making Peter laugh more. "Hey! I know you! You're Peter!" Peter put his arms up in victory. "Why would I want to eat you?"
Peter snuggled in closer to Tony's chest. "We'll make Mama better."
"And I'm Scared!" Steve shouted. "I'm freaking out, Tony! This is so much different than just babysitting Peter, or holding a newborn for a couple of hours. This is- I'm her Father, and I'm responsible for her. And I can't find you to talk to you when I start thinking that it's getting too hard!"
Steve blinked a few more times, watching Tony. The man looked tired, but he could tell that he still knew what he was talking about. Steve gave a few test punches, feeling the new fabric against his taped knuckles. "I talked to Dr Banner today."
After last night, George had agreed to a second date with Tony for next week. It was weird, because Tony hadn't even gone back to his place afterwards, there was no make out session, and he wasn't drunk. If this was how normal people dated, Tony had a lot to get used too.
“Ah-uh,” Steve hummed, smiling at him, moving Tony onto his back. “This is me treating you, remember?” He leaned down, kissing the corner of Tony’s mouth, then moved down to his jaw, trailing kisses across his skin. Steve moved, knees straddling Tony’s hips, and his hands pressed against Tony’s chest. He felt the hitch of Tony’s breath when he nipped the skin of his neck.
Tony tracked Thor easily enough, following the energy signature that his hammer left behind. He was still with Loki, a hand on his neck. Tony boosted and slammed into Thor's side, throwing him to the ground, making him slide against the ground.
"Was it the spying on you?" Natasha asked, a faint smirk on her lips.
"Yeah, but you have no intention of having this conversation at all, do you?" Natasha guessed and Tony wrinkled his nose up. "So might as well have it with me." Tony wasn't looking at her, and missed the pointed look out the door. "Do you regret it?" She asked again.
Tony closed his eyes and let their hands move with the Steve's breathing, focusing on it. It took a few minutes, but Tony felt like he could breathe again. His head felt a little foggy, but it was starting to clear up. There was no more blue, but he was still feeling pain. When he opened his eyes again he could see Steve clearly, watching him, concern all over his face. Tony was indeed down in his workshop, he could see that now. He saw his hand on Steve's chest, felt the warmth of Steve's hand on top of his, and he tried to jerk it back. Steve kept a grip on Tony's hand, not letting him move.
"We will be walking away." Wanda came up the stairs behind him. "But you are not done here." She looked at him holding the baby and her lip pulled up in distaste. "What right do you have to hold that child?"
"Okay. Let's do this." Tony could go a couple rounds with this guy, he needed an outlet to take his anger and frustration out on, and Thor was presenting the perfect target. All he wanted was to get Loki to the Hellicarrier so he could get to Bruce, and Peter.
"You're allowed to call him Bruce all the time now," Tony told him, watching Steve's form. "You don't have to switch back and forth, I think you've earned the right to a first name basis."
"We'll start learning about shading after we learn a bit more about color theory," Steve told him with a smile. Sometimes Tony had Jarvis pull up the camera on the weekends to watch Steve with Peter with their art lesson. Tony decided that he needed to make a better art room for the both of them.
